



The Long Path Home - bubbleteafics - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Long Path Home
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/4168923.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jeongguk | Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Smut, Knotting, Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, biffles jikook, Jeon Jungkook is a Little Shit, But also, Jeon Jungkook is a Sweetheart, Alternate Universe - Fraternity, Alternate Universe - College/University, Implied/Referenced Dubcon (drunk sex mentioned), Mating Cycles/In Heat, Bottom Park Jimin (BTS), Top Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Anal Sex
Collections:
collection of my favorite fics
Stats:

        Published: 2015-06-20
        Words: 6944
      

The Long Path Home
by bubbleteafics
Summary
At this point, Jimin isn't even sure what he's running from anymore.Maybe it's his damned roommate, Kookie.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




The Long Path Home

The harsh tang of alcohol has Jimin moaning and writhing in dreadful discomfort.That, or it may have something to do with the unidentified knee suddenly jabbing into his lower regions, upsetting the fragile balance of things as the remnants of last night once again swish and stir havoc in his belly.It takes a few moments for the unforgiving waves of nausea to somewhat settle long enough for Jimin to gain some semblance of an idea as to what happened, or even where the hell he is, because he can’t seem to remember jack from the night before.His head pounds relentlessly, drilling behind his temples, and his senses are both heightened and dulled at the same time. The putrid stench of vomit burns through his nostrils, intermingled with some musky, unfamiliar scents of the atmosphere, leaving Jimin even more muddled than ever.A thunderous snore resonates from somewhere within the vicinity, mixed with the gentle tap, tap, tap of a leaky faucet. He zeroes in on that rhythmic sound, ignoring everything else and concentrating on the way it eases some of the pressure building behind his lids.The seconds tick by at a sedated crawl, and a warm splash of sunlight eventually washes over his face.The relative confusion is much stronger than the terror of what he might face. So using that as his little boost, Jimin slowly lifts one eyelid, then the next, onl y to be met by even more confusion.
Where the hell am I?
The only description he can think of is a warzone, the deadly effects of a battle gone awry.There are immobile bodies strewn all around the foreign living room, commingled with empty beer cans and red cups and miscellaneous litter of all kinds, clearly the aftermath of a raucous college party. Glancing down at the patch of carpet in which he currently resides, Jimin flinches away from the brownish stain of questionable origins, then proceeds to jerk away completely when he discovers a sleeping someone curled beside him.Must’ve been the asshat who kneed him in the stomach.In a split second, Jimin finds himself standing on his two feet, glaring death and doom at the offending person. But he quickly regrets that motion when his insides begin to churn uncomfortably.That’s when he realizes his entire body is thrumming with pain, not just his head.“Ow,” he winces, his limbs aching with an unfamiliar soreness that tenses his muscles in all the wrong places. What the hell did he do last night?“Where is my damn phone?” Jimin mumbles weakly, one fist shoved against his mouth for fear of projectile vomiting his entire inner being. Glancing around the damage of the night before, Jimin vaguely recalls that it must have been Halloween because the all-but-dead bodies flung carelessly around the room are dressed in an array of various ensemble.Hello Kitty is currently spilled out over the wooden coffee table, while a Captain Jack Sparrow sans trousers lies half hidden behind the large flat screen TV. Waldo one and Waldo two snore loudly from the couch, and more randomly dressed figures and faces decorate the room as Jimin tries to contemplate his next course of action.Figuring the bathroom would be a good a place to start as any, Jimin thaws his limbs into mobility, weaving through the maze of bodies and trash as he drunkenly teeters into the far opening that resembles a hallway.Clutching on the wall for support, Jimin peers up anxiously into a staircase that obviously leads to the second landing. He is none too certain whether this is a journey he is stable enough to make. But the desire to find his phone far outweighs the fear of tumbling down a flight of steps. So with that thought in mind, Jimin grits his teeth and slowly begins his ascent up the stairs.It’s a slow process, inching one step at a time, but Jimin eventually makes it up to the second floor.Along the stairwell hang years and years of composites and paddles, so Jimin deduces that he must be in a frat house. He’s not sure if he’s  altogether comforted by this revelation, but at least he has a general idea of where he is.His temple continues to throb, and his stomach roils endlessly. But Jimin has somehow made it this far. Maybe he’ll even have better luck finding a bathroom up here. And his phone.Blinking away the remaining vestiges of sleep, Jimin surveys the long hallway of doors, trying to decide upon which one he should try first when he’s suddenly hit with a strange  sense of déjà vu, throwing him further into bewilderment because there is no way he’s been here before.Jimin barely ever goes out, let alone to a frat house party.He’d barely even made any friends in the past two years of university.
There’s just no way.
But there is no mistaking that gentle tug of familiarity, the cosmic pull of muscle memory as Jimin stumbles past the row of doors until he’s stopped at a specific one at the very end of the hall.Frowning at the door as if it had committed some great injustice against him, Jimin places a cautious hand on the doorknob, head full of doubt and misgivings that only add to the furious pulse thudding behind his eyes.
Why is this door so damn familiar?
Jimin bites down on his lower lip, chewing at the thick flesh as he continues to stare uncertainly at the door, hand still wrapped loosely around the brass knob. His ears perk as the faint sound of soft breathing leaks through the wood.“My phone,” Jimin steels his nerve, squaring his shoulders as he opens the door with purpose because somewhere in the back of his mind, he knows it has to be in here.What he’s met with inside is not anything he’d ever have expected, mouth dropped open in alarm and knuckles turning white against the force of clutching onto the doorknob.
He can smell himself all around the room.
“What the hell,” Jimin murmurs in a strangled whisper, holding his breath for fear of disturbing the very air and waking the sleeping form tangled amongst the sheets. Jimin is unable to look away, gazing in what can only be determined as a mixture of embarrassment and fear because there is no denying his own scent clinging delicately to that of the person lying on the bed. His back is turned towards Jimin, a thin sheet draped loosely over his waist. And to his utter shame and mortification, Jimin can clearly make out the furious red lines crisscrossing down the soft, otherwise unmarred skin.
What has he done?
Jimin gapes, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water, as the sound of rustling sheets breaks through his terror. The sleeping body moves, stretching out luxuriously over the mattress. And Jimin can’t help but stare as the muscles ripple deliciously across his marked back.Underneath the bitter smell of alcohol, and through his drunken haze, Jimin barely catches a heady whiff of alpha, and a dry lump catches in his throat. A startling shock of heat runs down his spine, body shivering from the sudden lust burning him from the inside out.
Oh shit.
A faint, staccato buzz jars him back down to earth. And recognizing the sound of his phone alerting the receipt of an incoming text, Jimin quickly dives into a pile of dirty laundry in the far corner of the room. Pilfering through the mound and object retrieved in hand, he quickly escapes the confines of the room without a second glance, scampering down the stairs three at a time until he rams into the wall at the very bottom with a sickening thud. He barely makes it out the door before turning to a bush and promptly emptying out his guts.
Fuck Kookie to hell and his self-proclaimed genius ideas.
If that damned human wasn’t his only friend, Jimin would have already torn him from limb to limb.“I’m going to kill him,” he mutters, wiping his mouth with the back of his arm before giving in to another furious wave of sickness.After a good five minutes of retching and heaving everything but his soul, Jimin finally straightens himself out, wiping his hands on the black latex that stretches out over his thighs in disgust. The fresh air feels nice, but the morning sun does little to relieve him of his misery. Glancing up to make certain that no one had seen him, Jimin catches his own reflection on the side window and has to fight down another wave of nausea because what the hell did Jeongguk do to him?A charcoal gash smears down his left cheek where he’d fallen asleep, blended into the pinkish rouge that had somehow worked its way up the side of his face. His horrified gaze follows the line of his neck down the plunging v-line tank top that leaves nothing really to the imagination. Bringing his eyes back up, an exasperated snort catches in his throat because his look is complete with a set of fluffy kitten ears that had somehow stayed attached to his head during the night.There’s even a thin satin collar wrapped around his neck, a small, round tag hanging just about his collarbones.Jeon Jeongguk really outdid himself.Jimin hadn’t so much as spared himself a glance before heading out, afraid to check the damage figuring ignorance is bliss. Now he wishes he might have done so before walking out into public like this, mentally pulverizing his roommate into miniscule particles because that is exactly what he’s going to do upon returning home.Which reminds him.He needs to get going.
Now.
While the post-Halloween drunkards still slumber in their alcohol induced comas.This walk of shame is already bad enough with Jimin looking like some hot mess hooker. He really doesn’t need an audience as he hunches his shoulders and attempts to make himself as small as possible while braving through the morning cold.Luckily, the entire world seems to be as dead as he feels inside. So, Jimin is spared the embarrassment of prying eyes as he trudges his way down the four or so blocks back to the safety of his apartment.The streets are utterly empty, a light mist hanging in the air.Everything is so quiet, leaving Jimin completely at the mercy of his chaotic thoughts.He isn’t really sure of the specifics, but he’s pretty damn certain what exactly went down last night. His smell was everywhere around that room, including the sleeping being that brings a burning flush spreading across his cheeks.Jimin goes out for one night, and that one night he is drunk enough to cross paths with a pack and not realize who he’s dealing with.
And an alpha to top it all off.
How he had absolutely missed the smell of wolf wrapped all around that house is lost on him.He must’ve been seriously trashed.Jimin had spent so much time trying to lay low, keep to his own because he enjoys the privacy. And in one night, all of his efforts are singlehandedly destroyed. All thanks to Jeongguk.He isn’t even in heat, for christ’s sake. So he’s not sure why he’d let himself succumb to such base needs, no matter how piss drunk he’d been. Jimin isn’t exactly proud of his wolf heritage, having tried to quash it down since childhood. The animalistic tendencies had just always put him off, which is why Jimin had chosen to run alone since he’d turned legal enough to live out on his own.He isn’t even a one night stand type of guy, which makes his current predicament even more shameful to his own self-conscience. And with every step he takes closer to his home, the more he blames Jeongguk for this travesty of a night that he can’t even really remember.The crunching sound of shoes on gravel siphons some of the irritation in his soul, imagining himself stepping on Jeongguk’s head because it’s the only way he can actually do the human damage. He cares too much for him to actually lay a finger, so imagination is his only option.By the time he grapples up the stairs to his shared apartment, Jimin is somewhat self-mollified and ready to willingly accept his roommate’s apology.--On second thought, Jimin hates Jeongguk’s living guts and thinks he needs to be destroyed immediately before the little punk destroys him first.The brat seems to be incessantly intent on making his life a living hell, which can be the only explanation as to why Jimin finds himself nursing a brutal hangover under a blaring sunlight and the briny smell of the sea.Upon returning home, Jimin hadn’t so much as wiped off the caked on makeup before he’d been unceremoniously dumped into the backseat of a too small car with too small seats not meant for the four fully grown boys shoved into the back. The cramped space and the rocking motion of the car had made his sickness come battering at him full force.“I want to go home,” Jimin knows it’s not manly to pout, but he can’t help the slight pucker of his lower lip as Jeongguk plops down on the warm sand beside him.“You need to enjoy your youth,” Jeongguk grins, handing over two small white capsules and a water bottle, which Jimin accepts gratefully. “So, where did you go last night?” he asks, nudging slightly against Jimin’s arm. “Lost you after that round of tequila shots.”“Ugh, don’t remind me,” Jimin mumbles in a queasy voice, the very thought of alcohol upsetting his stomach. Shoving his ultra-dark sunglasses further up the bridge of his nose, Jimin whimpers pathetically as he buries his head into the crook of Jeongguk’s neck.“I think I slept with someone,” Jimin cries in a woeful whisper, keeping his voice down so the others can’t hear.“What?!” Jeongguk’s head spins so fast, Jimin isn’t sure if the boy has broken his neck or not.“No,” Jimin corrects himself, avoiding his questioning gaze and watching Jeongguk’s friends play volleyball a few feet away. “I know we had sex.”Jeongguk remains uncharacteristically quiet for far too long, and curiosity has Jimin peeking from under his fringe to glance at his roommate.There’s a strange, almost smug smile playing on the human’s lips. And Jimin doesn’t like it at all.“You got laid!” Jeongguk shouts triumphantly, earning them a few curious stares. And Jimin panics, shoving his hands over Jeongguk’s mouth because what the fuck?!“Shut up!” Jimin hisses, fighting with a struggling Jeongguk to keep the boy’s mouth shut. But his roommate puts up a valiant fight, surprisingly strong for a human. And Jimin is already in a disadvantaged state.“Nice,” Jeongguk is able to peel Jimin’s fingers away from his mouth, wiggling his eyebrows in a rude gesture that has Jimin rolling his eyes. “So who’s the lucky winner?”Jimin sighs, sitting back down and staring out into the glittering waves.“If only I knew,” he mutters after a beat of silence, and Jeongguk cocks his head curiously.“You didn’t get a name or anything?” Jeongguk asks, and Jimin stares at him with a pained expression.“You look like a puppy,” Jimin mumbles, reaching over to rumple the dark fluff of hair flopping over Jeongguk’s head.“You’re changing the subject,” Jeongguk fires back, leaning away from Jimin’s hand.“I don’t remember shit, okay?” Jimin concedes, his shoulders sagging as the volleyball comes rolling between his feet.“Where did you wake up?” Jeongguk reaches down to pick up the errant ball, serving it back to his friends.“I don’t know,” Jimin flinches at the mere memory. “Some frat house.”“Which frat house?”“Does it look like I know or care?” Jimin shoots him a withering stare.“Hmm,” Jeongguk frowns, mentally narrowing down the university populace into a list of could-be’s.Jimin takes this rare moment of peace to close his eyes and allow the gentle, salty breeze to ruffle his hair and kiss his cheeks.--The weekend of festivities is finally over, and Jimin is slowly getting back into the daily grind of school and work.His everyday routine is a reliable cycle of classes and work at the campus café, and Jimin slowly forgets the turn of events by the time Wednesday rolls to a close.His body soreness fades, and that nameless alpha melts away into the far crevices of his memories as a distant dream slowly slipping through the cracks of his consciousness.Jimin is the last one left tonight, closing the café as he shuts the till with a satisfying ping. Untying his black apron and pulling it over his head, Jimin folds it into a neat square before placing it into his open backpack. Hefting it over his shoulder, he makes his way out the door, locking it up and finally heading out across campus for home.He actually likes closing up, enjoying the darkened school grounds that look so much more different under the evening light than during the daytime. Shadows spring around every corner, everything coalesced into a mass of shapes that Jimin easily blends into.He relishes in the silent emptiness of the campus, walking mindlessly as his feet carry him through the familiar path he takes almost every day.Jimin passes under the low, muted light of a flickering lamp, the great archway entrance looming overhead when an alluring, almost cloying scent tickles his nose. And Jimin subconsciously follows that curling smell beckoning him forward, breaking into a light jog as he crosses the empty street and down the sidewalk where it continues on down through a dark alleyway.
This can’t be good. No.
He stares up at the moon, blankly wondering to himself what the hell he’s doing as he steps back out into the bright lights of the convenience store next door. Giving his head a light shake, Jimin resumes back on the beaten path towards his apartment.His complex is about ten blocks from campus, approximately a ten minute walk that Jimin decides to take at a run because a strange sense of foreboding tenses his muscles. And he thinks he needs to get out of the street pronto.No one seems to be around, so Jimin takes it up to full speed as he deftly turns the corners at a blinding pace. He’s about three streets down from school when, even before it happens, Jimin can already sense the impending crash of body on body as he thumps his head against something solid and goes flying towards the concrete.Closing his eyes, Jimin waits for the impending fall that never comes to pass.It’s the smell that had caught him off guard, obscuring his usually good reflexed. And as he opens his eyes, Jimin thinks maybe the universe is out to get him because life is just totally unfair.“Woah, you okay?” a kind voice asks, and Jimin yanks himself out of the stranger’s, not so stranger’s, hold wrapped around his waist.“Yeah, I’m fine,” Jimin mutters, inching away slowly while keeping his eyes down because he can’t bear to face his one night stand standing before him in all his bicep bearing, snapback and faded jean clad glory. Jimin pivots, lunging away towards the opposite side of the street when, to his surprise, a strong grasp encircles his upper forearm, effectively thwarting his escape.A tense silence falls between them, Jimin terrified, the other perplexed.“You left without saying goodbye,” the alpha begins, and Jimin clamps his teeth down on his lower lip because damn it to hell his voice is attractive.“I, uh,” Jimin stutters, eyes shifting left and right for an escape route. “I need to go,” he tries again to yank his arm away. But it’s a futile attempt, his hold is so strong.“Hey, I just want to talk to you for a second,” the alpha smiles, and Jimin is almost disarmed by its brilliant kindness. Almost.“Jimin, right?” he asks, and Jimin is stunned into silence because he remember his name?“Yeah,” Jimin replies. “Um, do you mind?” he glances down at those long fingers still wrapped around his forearm.“Oh, my bad,” the alpha smiles sheepishly, and it’s all Jimin can do to keep his mind straight because his potent smell is jumbling his thought processes.“My name’s Hoseok, by the way,” he reintroduces himself valiantly, and Jimin is internally grateful for being saved the embarrassing trouble of asking himself. “Why haven’t I seen you around before?” Hoseok asks, almost like an afterthought. And Jimin wonders if he’s asking him, or himself.“I like my privacy,” Jimin answers, subconsciously rubbing the fabric of his sleeve saturated with Hoseok’s scent.“I haven’t come across any other wolves here other than my own,” Hoseok muses. “Are you alone?”Avoiding answering that question, Jimin glances up at the streetlamp above, eyes trailing after a white moth as it flutters in its yellow glow. He’s tired, and he reeks of coffee grinds. All Jimin wants to do is go home and shower.“You should come run with us,” Hoseok invites, eyes soft and kind as he understands Jimin’s hesitant silence.“I’ll think about it,” Jimin replies without any real conviction behind his words because he really doesn’t intend to. He’s already turning back, walking away when Hoseok’s clear voice rings through the night.“Let me take you out on a date!”--“Am I allowed to transfer out in the middle of the school year?” Jimin plops down on the couch, sinking into the cushions because he’s just so damn exhausted. By school, by life, by everything.“Why? What happened?” Jeongguk calls from the kitchen, rattling around for a clean spoon in the all but empty drawers. All the utensils happen to be hidden in the sink amongst piles of dirty bowls and dishes. And Jimin thinks to himself they really need to get some cleaning done around here. The apartment is a pigsty.“My life is a mess, this apartment is a mess, everything is a mess,” Jimin wails in anguish, throwing his limbs out and slipping down the couch. Jeongguk settles beside him with a bowl of cereal and a soup ladle.“You okay?” Jeongguk somehow shovels the rounded ladle into his mouth, and Jimin fights down the snort only resulting in his face looking like he’s constipated.“Just asking,” Jeongguk sniffs, as if mildly offended, continuing to chew on his mouthful of cereal.“He found me,” Jimin sighs up to the high heavens, or at the very least the ceiling above them. “Or, actually I might’ve found him.”“Him?” Jeongguk perks at the sound of juicy gossip. “Who’s him?”Jimin gives him a pointed look, and Jeongguk swallows hard on his cereal.“You found your boyfriend?!” he turns to face Jimin with an astonished smile, and Jimin breathes heavily through his nose because whose boyfriend what?“What’s his name?! How did you find him?! What happened?!” Jeongguk bounces on the couch, jostling into Jimin’s side. Why the hell is he so curious?“I don’t know, okay,” Jimin huffs, pushing down on his roommate’s shoulders to prevent him from flying off his seat. “It just kind of happened, and his name is Hoseok.”“Jung Hoseok?” Jeongguk seems startled, stilling immediately and staring open mouthed at Jimin. “You mean the president of Beta Tau Sigma?”“You know him?” Jimin is equally as baffled.“How do you not know him?” Jeongguk’s eyebrows disappear behind the line of his fringe, and Jimin fears for the human’s wrinkles. “He’s only the hottest guy in school,” Jeongguk continues to explain with wild gesticulating hands, and Jimin flinches away from the raining droplets of milk and cereal. “Supposedly he was some famous underground dancer, and has like a cult following and all that.”An excuse, Jimin now knows, to explain away the pack of wolves constantly crowding his footsteps.“And you didn’t even know,” Jeongguk side-eyes Jimin with amusement.”Jimin sniffs, flicking a piece of cereal off his cheek.“So are you guys dating now?” Jeongguk shovels another spoonful into his mouth, and Jimin glares with mild distaste.“I don’t date,” he pushes out through clenched teeth as if he’d just said a dirty word. He is unwilling to be tied to a pack, much less to an alpha. No.“Liar,” Jeongguk smirks, and Jimin shoves his face out of his air. There’s a momentary lull, and Jimin considers maybe getting his homework done when suddenly…“Jimin has a boyfriend!” Jeongguk rises from his seat, fist pumping the air and upsetting the bowl of cereal into Jimin’s lap.“Son of a bitch!”--Hoseok is persistent, of that much Jimin is certain.He doesn’t impose himself, per say. But Jimin can still feel his presence at every step to the point that Hoseok’s scent has somehow seeped into his very pores and he can’t seem to shirk it off no matter how hard he scrubs.To any other wolf within a ten mile radius, Jimin is already his.“You don’t have to walk me home,” Jimin sighs, and Hoseok’s answering smile is blinding.“I want to,” he grins, shifting both his and Jimin’s backpacks onto his other shoulder. Jimin sighs again, staring up at the fluffy clouds dotting the blue sky. The weather has been cooling down lately, and winter is almost here.
Which means other things are almost here.
Mating season is also upon them, which means Jimin’s heat has been scratching at the surface. It’s endurable, at this point, only just an annoying tingle against his skin. But he knows it’ll soon hit him full force. And when it does, this delicate balance between them can only plunge off the edge one way or the other.His canines dig into the corners of his mouth at the very thought, shoulders tensing. And suddenly Hoseok is stopped behind him a few steps back. There’s a stunned look on his face that Jimin can fully interpret full well.He gulps on air, unable to dislodge the ball of fire in his throat.Hoseok had been unexpectedly pummeled with a face full of everything that is essentially Jimin, and is unsure of how to react.Jimin watches as his adam’s apple bobs, fists clenched and muscles rippling lightly under the thin fabric of his long sleeved shirt. Hoseok is definitely a sight to behold, and Jimin wonders how his human form would translate into a wolf because that would definitely be something worth seeing.Confusion settles into the pit of Jimin’s stomach, cooling off some of the heat because he’d never been one to acknowledge his own inner world. And now here he is, actually wanting to be a part of it?Clearing his throat, Hoseok calmly regains control of himself before Jimin can, and closes the few steps between them.“Let’s go,” he says lightly, seemingly unfazed. But Jimin can still sense the faint trace of tightness in his voice.Hoseok gallantly walks Jimin all the way home, leaning against the wall as Jimin quietly unlocks the door. He stares up at him wordlessly, watching intently as Jimin steps inside.There’s a subtle look of inquiry in his gaze, leaning in slowly as if asking for permission. But Jimin isn’t sure how to respond.Hoseok leans into Jimin’s personal space, his warm breath fanning out across his cheeks completely saturated with that heady scent. And Jimin freezes where he stands. His eyelids flutter shut, waiting.A soft press of lips grazes over his temple. And by the time Jimin opens his eyes, he’s already gone.Jimin’s fingertips trace lightly over his own skin, staring blankly down the stairs after Hoseok’s trail.“Jimin, is that you?!” Jeongguk calls from within, and Jimin finally closes the door.--His hormones continue to gradually build throughout the next two weeks, cluttering in his system because Jimin really has no other ways to stave it off other than yanking out a quick one in the shower.The nearest forest is a good forty-five minute drive away from this college town, and Jimin doesn’t have the necessary concentration to make that run at this point in time. So he lets his heat swell, knowing that it’s a ticking time bomb and he really needs to construct some kind of precautionary measure soon.But he’s too busy wallowing in his own self-pity than to do more than gnaw on his knuckles and scream into his pillow.It’s been two weeks since he’d last seen Hoseok, avoiding the alpha like the black plague by calling in sick at work and skipping classes.Jimin doesn’t trust himself to not throw himself at him, unable to hold back on these animalistic urges currently wreaking havoc in his body.So he barricades himself in his room, not even allowing Jeongguk admittance to check on how “sick” Jimin really is.A few times, he can sniff out the faint smell of Hoseok drifting into his room. And he knows he’s standing just on the other side of that door. But Jimin remains where he is, swaddled in all the sheets and blankets he owns, crouched inside the inner corner of his closet.It’s times like these, trapped in loneliness and need, that Jimin wished he had a pack to turn to.It’s been two weeks of hell, and Jimin isn’t sure how much longer he’ll last.--Something sharp prickles inside his veins, and Jimin gasps in the darkness, completely drenched in sweat. His body thrums with a spike of adrenaline and his blood pounds inside his ears as he delicately extricates himself from the blankets sticking to his skin.He blinks blearily at his phone, sighing at the amazing timing his heat has decided to hit him.At five in the morning.
Perfect.
Jimin wonders to himself whether can just lock himself in his room and sleep through it, but an image of the innocent Jeongguk mobilizes his body into action, even through the aches and pains throbbing in his muscles because he wouldn’t ever want to risk that.With every subsequent wave of fire washing over him, fingernails breaking into the palm of his own skin, Jimin loses whatever little grasp of sanity he has left. Tossing his phone to the side, he runs out into the night without even bothering with proper attire, racing through the haze of his heat as he flings his body down the stairs and away from the apartment complex.He’s not sure where to run, thinking that it’s too late to try for the safety of the forest. He’ll never make it.Jimin has made some pretty bad decisions in his life, but this has to be the worst one yet. In previous years, he’d been able to predict the general time of his heat and had been able to separate himself from the human populace in time before it hit.But this time, he’d been too caught up in his woes to make the necessary arrangements. And now here he is, stuck in this predicament with nowhere left to run.Jimin stands in the middle of an intersection, muscles coiling back as if readying itself to spring. His skittering eyes flit this way, then that, because there’s really nowhere for him to turn to.A cold sweat breaks across his hairline, and Jimin once again throws himself on autopilot, allowing his instincts to carry him wherever it will because at this point, Jimin just needs to get away from here.He runs, and he runs, and he runs, panting loudly as his heart beats uncomfortably against his ribcage.Jimin races the very blood pounding in his veins, until he’s stopped in front of a familiar, two-story house that does nothing to stem the emotional turmoil bubbling within.Beta Tau Sigma, it says, emblazoned in large, blue and gold trimmed woodwork.Biting down on his lower lip, Jimin seriously considers breaking down the door and making himself right at home on Hoseok’s cock, he’s that desperate.But some remnants of his own self-conscience remains, and Jimin is able to swallow down the fire as he spins on his heels and makes for the opposite direction.Jimin refuses to give himself up to this basest of needs, a burning tingle shuddering down his spine as his inner wolf tries to break free when a faint rustle perks his ears, and Jimin’s red eyes narrow upon a lone figure across the street, a girl by the smell of it, probably walking home after a night at her boyfriend’s. Instincts take over completely, and Jimin is no longer himself.Something feral tears through his throat, and he crouches into a predatory stance, ready to spring. But as soon as his feet leave the earth, something quite solid and much stronger than himself crashes into his side, pinning him to the ground with a gentle bite to the column of his neck.The startled girl walk away, quickening her pace.“Shh,” Hoseok murmurs as Jimin’s writhing body suddenly falls limp. “What are you doing here?” he questions, voice soft yet full of authority. And Jimin can’t help but submit to the alpha in his tone.“I,” Jimin swallows down the surge of lust, staring up into Hoseok’s eyes. “Heat,” he manages to push out, breathing hard and heavy because Hoseok’s weight against his pelvis feels so damn good.Hoseok’s pupils dilate, hands loosening around Jimin’s wrists.“I could smell you from my room,” his voice rumbles deep in his chest, and Jimin wants to dive right in and succumb to the beautiful sound.“Help,” Jimin pleads, rutting desperately against Hoseok’s ass seated on top of him because he needs to move now before he implodes right here on the front lawn.“Are you sure?” Hoseok seems uncertain, but the longing in his eyes is unmistakable.“Yes,” Jimin keens at Hoseok’s touch cradled against his cheek, heels digging into the moist grass until twin indents form in the ground.“You’ve been avoiding me,” Hoseok continues adamantly, an unfamiliar frown marring his handsome features. “I don’t want to do anything to you that you’ll regret later,” he nibbles on his lower lip, and Jimin wants to be the one biting on the lip.“Please,” Jimin whines, reaching up to grapple with the neck of Hoseok’s shirt. “I need you,” he whimpers, truly feeling deep down inside the certainty of his words.He needs him.Not just for relief from this stifling heat, but for companionship, for a pack, for a home.Hoseok is his alpha, his home, and Jimin knows he’ll never want for anything more.Jimin squirms with need as another wave of pure need drowns him whole, and Hoseok looks like he’s been slapped across the face as the need washes over him as well.“Let’s get you back to my room,” Hoseok swiftly rises onto his feet, bringing Jimin up with him. The sound of promise in his voice spurs him on until Jimin surpasses him. And Jimin is the one leading them into the house and up the stairs down the familiar hallway.It’s still dark out, only barely passing five-thirty in the morning, as Hoseok kicks his door shut, pressing Jimin back against it. His canines press into the lower swell of Jimin’s lips, tongue tracing over the soft flesh as Jimin reaches up on tiptoes to press their mouths together.It’s been so long since he’d indulged in anything as gratuitous as sex to tame the heat. And needless to say, Jimin finds this to be way better than squeezing one out on his own.Jimin is a bit startled as Hoseok hefts his weight off the floor, wrapping strong arms around him as Jimin tightens his legs around his waist. Jimin’s mouth latches onto the curve of Hoseok’s neck, nipping and sucking his way up as Hoseok carries him to the bed.Hoseok gently lays him down on the mattress, and Jimin detaches himself long enough to help divest themselves of their clothing. And Jimin can’t help but run his hands over the plane of his firm chest, marveling at the unrestrained muscles that flex underneath. An appreciative sound rumbles deep within, and Jimin moans at the sound.“Please,” Jimin pleads again, and Hoseok is only too willing to comply. Digging out a bottle of lube, Hoseok makes quick work of coating his fingers, easing in one at a time and working Jimin open until he’s three knuckles deep.“This is all a bit familiar, isn’t it,” Hoseok teases, ghosting his lips along the line of Jimin’s collarbone, making him shiver with anticipation.“To be honest, I don’t remember,” Jimin admits, whining discontentedly when Hoseok slides his fingers out. His ass clenches around air, waiting impatiently to be filled with something much more substantial. The thought alone has heat traveling straight down to his groin.“You don’t, huh?” Hoseok smirks, teeth grazing over the soft hollow of Jimin’s neck as he pulls away to slick his cock with ample lube. “We’ll have to fix that, won’t we?” he grins, face illuminated by the soft glow of early dawn.“If you don’t fuck me now,” Jimin growls threateningly, fisting into handfuls of Hoseok’s hair as he settles back down in between his open thighs. “I’m going to throw you onto the ground and fuck you myself.”“I’d like to see you try,” Hoseok grins, and Jimin is about to retort when he smoothly slides in without a warning, stealing the wind right out of his breath. Jimin’s mouth falls open in a silent moan, fingers digging little red welts into Hoseok’s arms.The second thrust in burns a little bit more than the first, but Jimin doesn’t care as the combined force of adrenaline and hormones spurs him on to move his hips to suck Hoseok in as deep as possible.With every slide of skin on skin, Jimin can’t hold back the breathy noises that escape between his lips. And they amplify into full on moans as Hoseok wraps his arms around his waist, the blunt tip of his crown repeatedly hitting the back of Jimin’s prostate.Jimin is a turbulent storm of sensations, everything heightened tenfold because it’s been way too long since he’d had anyone to help him relieve the tension. He’d spent too much time denying who he truly is. and now that the floodgates have opened, Jimin isn’t sure he ever wants it to stop.The pace quickens into something frantic, almost brutal, as Hoseok pistons his hips ceaselessly. And Jimin is barely able to cling on.The metal bedframe scrapes against the wall, inching forward and back with every thrust. And Jimin belatedly wonders if they’d woken up the entire house yet. An embarrassed flush creeps down his cheeks at the thought of facing the rest of the pack in the morning, but any other thought is erased from his mind as Hoseok suddenly sits up, burying himself fully to the hilt as he secures Jimin down to straddle his lap.There’s a moment of tenderness as Hoseok runs the tips of his fingers across the apple of Jimin’s cheekbone, and Jimin waits with bated breath as he gazes into the alpha’s eyes, searching, for what he doesn’t quite know.And the moment passes as Hoseok buries his fingers into Jimin’s hips, grinding him down on his cock in slow, rounded circles that leaves Jimin shaking and panting for more. All of his nerve-endings tingle, and his muscles coil with tension as Jimin plunges into absolute sensory overload.It’s more than he can bear, and Jimin comes with a strangled moan as ropes of white spurt between their chests.Hoseok works Jimin through his orgasm, pressing him as close as humanly possible as Jimin’s body shivers through the pleasure.Just then Hoseok’s cock begins to swell, and Jimin whimpers at the sensation of feeling more full than he’d ever done so before. Hoseok whispers a stream of soothing words, carding his fingers through Jimin’s damp hair and pressing a soft kiss onto his temple.Gradually, Jimin becomes accustomed to the enlarged bulge, clutching onto Hoseok’s back as he continues to rock into Jimin’s heat, the knot dragging back and forth against his inner walls until Jimin’s muscles tense around him, and that’s the final edge Hoseok needs to push him into his own climax.The only thing that can be heard is the mingled sound of their labored breathing as Hoseok’s knot slowly shrinks, and Jimin tries to catch his breath.Jimin’s boneless body drapes against Hoseok’s sweaty shoulder, not even caring about the sticky mess that presses in between them because he’s that tired. Jimin is just on the brink of falling asleep, when Hoseok gently pushes him back, propping him up with steady hands as Jimin blinks at him sleepily.“I don’t want you running off again,” Hoseok says softly, but there’s a look of seriousness in the slight wrinkle of his forehead. With a smile, Jimin soothes his hand over the wrinkles, pressing a chaste kiss when Hoseok stops frowning.“I won’t,” Jimin grins, snuggling in closer because he’s really about to pass out from exhaustion.--“You have me to thank,” Jeongguk smiles smugly as Jimin returns home, dressed in a too long sweater that obviously isn’t his.Jimin chucks a balled up super market coupon at his head, and the satisfying thump eases his soul.



Afterword


End Notes
Come cry with me on twt ;u;


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



