



The Gay Guy - reginaphallange - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Gay Guy
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9617369.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Texting, Funny, Boarding School
Stats:

        Published: 2017-02-07
          Completed: 2017-11-20
          Chapters: 23/23
        Words: 15707
      

The Gay Guy
by reginaphallange
Summary
Jimin is known as the gay guy in A Catholic boys school. Jungkook is the golden freshman who during the first week has become the most popular guy in school for his talents in sports and school subjects.Their relationship starts with a friendship request on Facebook.




Friend Request
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




JUNGKOOK is  Like ThisJIMIN is Like This
 He was not like jungkook expected him to be. When he heard some kids in the class make fun of a certain Jimin the gay, he had the image of a geeky small kid with thick glasses, walking with his head down, avoiding everyone. But instead, at lunch break, they pointed to him a guy who sure was a little short but was built; his body showing how athletic he was, he walked with his head help high and strolled like he owned the place, he looked people who talked to him in the eye. He radiated confidence, he might even be considered intimidating, at least that's what jungkook thought until he laughed. His laugh was, soft. He tilted his head back, a hand's back hiding his mouth while pushing on the other guy's shoulder playfully. Jungkook was mesmerized by the view and couldn't take his eyes of it until the two guys parted ways and jimin was able to go get his lunch then seat himself on a table alone before putting on earphones and starting to eat. Jungkook just joined the school at the start of the semester few weeks ago, even tho he was a freshman, he managed to prove his worth, he tried for the basketball team and is granted a spot, he was already on the good side of all the teachers by doing his homework and paying extra attention in class. Jungkook was making sure to make his high school years memorable and successful. This was the same school his father went to and so is his grandfather, he was planning to make them proud. He was doing his best to keep the image of the golden boy he was ever associated with. But in that lunch hall, with the black haired guy in front of him, he felt a temptation to break that image. He was in the privacy of his room, scrolling down his Facebook checking posts of his new classmates when a suggest friend caught his attention. The name Park Jimin with almost all his new added friends as commun friends. Feeling curious, he clicked on the name and was directed to the profile that to his bad luck was set as private, the only things he could see are the commun friends and the profile picture that was nothing but some kid in black hoddie dancing. So if he wanted to see anything he had to add him. His curiousity getting the best of him, he clicked the send friend request and stood up from his desk to go finish some early preparation for tomorrow's classes when a notification announced that his request was accepted. 

'Hi :)'

He stared at the message box. -that was fast- he thought to himself before getting back in his place. 
'Hi' 


'How is it going so far? ' 



'So far? ' 



'Yeah, you're the new kid, right? ' 



'How did you know? ' 



' I heard you're a good basketball player, but not as good as a friend of mine on the team' 



'Really? I find it hard to believe' 



' hhhhh he is a senior and is the team leader for two years, you better not get on his wrong side of you want to have a good start in the team' 



'Who said I need your advice of how to deal with your little boyfriend ' 



'Ouch, salty. So I guess you heard about me ha? '



'Hard not to when you're not doing your best to hide it'



'Who said I was hiding it, secrets are tiring anyway. And don't worry, he's straight as a ruler, so I'm free to impress ;) '



' lol? '



' or is it him you're interested in and I just chattered your cute fantasy? '



' lmao '



' oh you dance '



' are you spying on me? '



' I would apologize if I wasn't sure you are doing the same right now, try to ignore the chubby kid I was though please'



' wait! This kid dancing is YOU? dude!! '



' yeah (>_<) '



'Dude you're good, is this some competition? '



' no that was at a dance club I was in '



' are there no dance clubs here? '



' kid, you do realize you're in a Catholic school, right? '



' sucks, why are you here anyway, and how come everyone is fine with how you are? '



' as offending as both questions are but it's not the first time I got them '



' sorry '



' it's OK, my parents made me join because they thought going to a religious school can "cure" me. And reason why no one is giving me hard time regarding how am I is because of who I am'



' who you are? '



' check out the school staff's list'



' hollyshit mate! You're the principal's kid?!!! '



' ikr, but I have to agree if not for it, I would be in some deep shit, literally'



' XD '


..


' so is it just you? '



' ? '



' are you the only gay guy here? '



' you tell me '



' what do you mean?  '



' guess that means yes I am :( '



' must be hard '



' maybe if you're beside me ;) '



' what? '



' :) '



' dude '



' :D kid, you're in an all boys school, everyone turns gay when he needs some sexual release '



' oh '



' I hope I didn't burst your bubble of the perfect all boys school, I hate to be the person telling the kid there is no Santa '



' stop it'



' what? '



' calling me a kid, stop it'



' but you are a kid '



' and you're shorter than me, so should I call you shorty? Or should I be like everyone and call you the gay guy? That sounds more fit'



' I'm cool with it, just don't use it near Yoongi '



' yoongi? '



' your team captain '



' he your body guard? Since you said he doesn't roll that way'



' yeah, you can call him my Knight in shining armor '



' cheesy '



' well, just don't tempt your luck with him, he has no tolerance for stupidity '



' are you calling me stupid, gay guy? 



' I have to admit you look like an idiot while staring at people creepily at the lunch hall with your mouth half open, don't worry I know I'm irresistible '



' ew, you wish gay guy, I think I need to wash up with a detergent just for thinking about it '



' come here baby I'll help you wash up '



' baby? '



' yeah, since you didn't like kid, or should I use kook? '



' why not just use my name, what's wrong with it? '



' too long ;) so kook it is '



' *sigh* alright '



' little cock ;) '



' . . . '



' big cock? '



' . . . '



' come show me and I'll decide '



' you're gross '



' don't get all defensive kooky, I'm just joking '



' yeah well don't, it's creepy '



' creepier than you openly undressing me with your eyes at lunch? '



' I told you I was not checking you out! '



' hey kid '



' what? '



' you're cool, I like you already. But I'm afraid my math homework ain't gonna do himself, I'll talk to you later baby '



' need help? '



' I wish, but I'm afraid I'm two years ahead of you little cock ;) '



' . . . '



' sweet wet dreams ;) 





Chapter End Notes
Hollyshit I didn't log into this website since forever!!I am certainly gonna finish updating this fanfic today since I have it completed in another website and I'm putting here as an apology for not updating my other fanfics here TTAnyway! I hope you guys enjoy it and don't find the conversations confusing T-T


Day 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




JUNGKOOK is Blue
JIMIN is Green



9pm




' you're in the clear '




' excuse me?'




' Yoongi says you're as good as you claim to be, so don't worry, you'll have a fair share of playing time ;) '




' I wasn't worried'




'Sure kiddo, is that why you didn't stop biting your nails ever since the try outs?'




'What? I didn't do it because i was nervous, it's just a habit'




'Yeah, a habit due to nervousness  :) '




' you're annoying. '




'Ooown did I embarrass you? '




'no,  shut up'




' how cute,  how about I come to your room and make it up to you ;) '




'are you offering to do my homework? Because I have plenty '




'Emm, no. I'm offering to do you :) '




' you have no shame,  do you? '




'nope :) '




'. . .'




'Is that a yes? '




'I'm not gay'




'you don't have to be, I'll just help you get rid of the sexual frustration you obviously suffer from'




' I am not sexually frustrated '




'how about I just give you a blow job? '




'no'




'a hand job? '




'no'




'do you,  perhaps,  want to have sex? I don't mind ;) I can top for you'




'what? No ew! Besides, even if I was gay, I'd definitely not be a bottom! '




'only way to find out is to try :) '




' I don't have to touch the fire to know that it burns'




'are you saying I'm too hot for you? Because I surely agree,  but I can give you a chance to impress me'




'you're so full or yourself for such a shorty'




'I won't be if you fill me up instead'




'are you like this all the time? '




'like what? Hot, sexy, irresistible and smooth?;) '




'more like horny, irritating, annoying and egoistic '




'hmm, not all the time to be honest'




'oh,  really? And what does it take to make you stop being so? '




'you can come to my room, or I'll come to yours;) '




'*facepalm* whatever,  I'm logging out'




'no wait! I'll be serious! '




'really? '




'yeah,  I mean if you aren't comfortable with bedrooms we can do it anywhere :) '




'. . .'




':)'




'bye'



*Jungkook is offline*




Chapter End Notes
As you can see, I don't have much creativity when it comes to chapter titles ^^"


Day 3



JIMIN is Green
JUNGKOOK is Blue



8pm




'hey,  why did you ignore me? '




'what? '




'in the hallway, I called up to you and you ignored me'




'I didn't '




'you did! '




'no I didn't '




'yes you did!! I wanted to introduce you to my friends TT but instead you ignored me and they made fun of me '




'Sorry?'




'Ooown you're sorry!! Wanna come over and make it up to me ? ;) '




'. . . you're unbelievable'




'Did I convince you?'




Not even close'




'Shame '




'Why do you want to introduce me to your friends anyway?'




' because you're my friend too. You have to meet the rest of the gang'




'What?'




'Don't worry they are really cool, Yoongi ia the moat intimidating one but i think he likes you'




'No wait, i'm your friend?'




'Yes '-' '




'Says who?'




'Me :) '




'You don't even know me'




'Yes I do, you're Jungkook'




'You know my name, doesn't mean you know me, and it surely doesn't give you the right to call me your friend'




'Oh, so tell me more about you, so we can be friends :) '




'I don't want to be your friend gay guy'




'Alright, do you then want to be my lover instead? :) '




'You're really annoying'




'Anyway, let's have lunch together tomorrow :) i'll introduce you properly to everyone then'




'I told you i don't want to meet your circle of weirdos!'




'We'll get along well :) everyone is so nice so don't be shy!'




'Hey don't ignore what i'm saying!!!'




'Oh look at the time!! I got nothing important to do so i better leave before it gets late :) '




'Heeeeeeeeeeeeyyyy listen to meeeeeeeee!!!!!'




'See you tomorrow kookie!!!!! Good night! Dream about me :) '




'-____-'



*Jimin is offline*



2am



'Hey'




'-__-'




'Why are you still up? Please don't let me fill your thoughts to the point of depriving you from sleep'




'lol, i'm doing homewok'




'Freshmen have that much homework?! It wasn't like that in my days. Or are you a lazy student?'




'I'm not lazy'




'Kookie, you should do your school work at the right time so you won't be in trouble'




'I said that's not it!!! I'm just doing some early preparations for tomorrow's lesson 



Day 4




Green is JIMIN

Blue is JUNGKOOK



7pm



'My friends love you '



'I guess they aren't so bad too  '



':) see, it wasn't so bad after all. Let's have lunch together from now on'



'What? No!'



'Then it's settled, kookie is joining our squad :)'



'I said no!'



'But the guys already voted you in'



'Don't I get a vote?'



'Sure'



'I vote against it'



'Alright. So it's one against four votes. You lose kookie :) '



'-__-'



'You didn't have to be so shy though, next time let's get you to say more than just one sentence :) '



'Shut up'



'Are you gonna let me jerk you off?'



'What the heck?!! No!!!'



'Then i'm not shuting up :) are you doing your homework?'



'I'm definitely not doing you! So yeah'



'Wow nice comeback kookie!! You're a fast learner ;)'



'I don't need you to teach me anything'



'I know, you're a big boy ;)'



'And you're gross and annoying'



'Can you do me a favor though?'



'Why should i?'



'I'll grant you something you really want as a thank you'



'You out of my life?'



'Ooown you don't really mean that :)'



'I'm sure I do'



'Anyway let's be serious for a moment here kookie'



'Fine, what do you want?'



'I need to get a gift for Yoongi's birthday'



'And?'



'I need a shopping buddy'



'Dude why not just ask one of your squad weirdos? They know him better than me'



'No they can't keep it a secret, he'll see through them!! But he doesn't know you well yet :)'



'I see, but i still don't know what his preferences are'



'Oh it's ok, i don't need you for that. I know what i'm getting him.'



'Then why do you need me?'



'I need company, i don't like shopping alone  T^T'



'Hmm, i guess i can do that'



'Yeeeeeeeey'



'Wait though! What are you giving me in exchange?'



'I'll buy you anything you want, within my budget of course'



'How much is your budget?'



'Don't worry kookie ;) my budget is large enough to be your sugar daddy'



'I'm not going'



'No!!! I'm sorry XD i'll behave!'



'Really?'



'Yes, anything for you kookie'



'Alright then'



'Then let's meet tomorrow after the end of classes, i'll get us passes to leave the campus :)'



'Fine'



'It's a date then!!!!!! Let's have lots of fun kookie!!!'



'. . .'



'I'm so excited!!!!!'



'I have to go, i have homework to do'



'Alright kookie!! Don't stay up so late ;)'


*jungkook is offline*


4am


'. . .'



'Oh hey kookie! Are you excited too about our date that you can't sleep?'



'It's 4am Jimin, why the hell are yoh still up?'



'Why are you?'



'I'm not, a notification woke me up'



'Oh then you should go back to sleeping before you lose sleep'



'Aren't you going to bed?'



'I'm not sleepy'



'Seriously? You were up late last night too!'



'Oh you're worried about me?!  *^* how adorable!'



'You're a lost case -__- good night, i'm leaving'


*jungkook is offline*




Day 5



GREEN is JIMIN
BLUE is JUNGKOOK


8pm



'Hey there! :D'




'Hi'




'I miss you Kookie!'




'We've just been together'




'Yeah but, we had so much fun and i didn't want it to end TT'




'I guess it was fun'




'We should do it again!'




'Meh, I suppose it'll be fun to see you stare at guys in the street'




'I wasn't staring!'




'Sure you weren't. How about that guy i saw wink at you?'




'I didn't stare at him, I was glaring!'




'Wow, that was you glaring?'




'I'm a nice guy :)'




'So nice you can't refuse anyone who is willing to let you inside his pants'




'Are you calling me a manwhore? :'('




'Oh, sorry, was it supposed to be a secret?'




'I'm not a manwhore'




'Sure'




'I'm not!'




'Alright, if you say so'




'You think i'm a manwhore, i'm hurt :'('




'It's hard to believe you're not to be honest'




'Oh well, i guess I'm a kind of a one. But I don't go around sleeping with strangers :)'




'Sure you don't. I guess i'm sorry i was around to prevent you from having your sexual release'




'Are you, by any chance, jealous?'




'Jealous?! Ha! You wish horny gay guy!'




'Ooooown don't be jealous Kookie :* I'm all yours baby ;)'




'I said i'm not!'




'Want me to come over?'




'What for -__-?'




'*^^*'




'What?'




'Since you feel sorry you took away my release, how about you make it up to me? ;)'




'*sigh* sure, come over'




' '-' really?'




'Yeah sure, you were really nice after all, and you even bought me those expensive shoes'




'And food'




'Yeah, and food'




'And i made good jokes'




'Yeah you did'




'I danced a little too '




'That's a memory i'd love to forget'




'Why!!!! I'm a good dancer! We had a crowd :)'




'Excatly why i want to forget it'




'Oooown sweet kookie is shy'




'Stop it or i'm changing my mind '




'What?! No!! I'll stop! I'm coming to your room right now!!!'




'Alright'




'Where are you?'




'What?'




'I'm knocking on your door, open'




'I'm at the library'




'What?!'




'I have a paper to work on for tomorrow'




'You were there this whole time?'




'Yeah, i came here straight after shopping'




'But you said!! You told me to come over !!'




'Yes I did, i didn't mean the room'




'How was I supposed to know you weren't in your room!!'




'Sorry?'




'You jerk, you did it on purpose, didn't you!'




'Maybe :) '




'You're really mean kookie!!!! '




'Dude, you really thought i'd sleep with you because you bought me some shoes? If that was your goal, i'll pay you back with money. Or you can have them back'




'What? No!!! I didn't mean that! Please keep the shoes, they are a simple thank you gift TT'




'You sure?'




'Yeah TT but this was really mean kookie!'




'It was funny to be honest, I wish I was there to see your face'




'Oooown you miss my face? ;)'




'No, i wanna see your expression getting cockblocked  XD '




'Not seeing it surely isn't preventing you from making that smug expression on your face'




'What?'




'Oh don't stop, you look prettier smiling'




'Stop fooling around!'




'God you look so cute I wanna kiss you so bad'




'You're here?'




'Why? Would you let me kiss you?'




'Ew no, i'm in a library!'




'Would you let me kiss you if we were alone and I promise only to kiss and nothing more?'




'Stop it Jimin'




'Just a kiss kookie, I promise'




'No'




'What you got to lose? It's your fault for getting me aroused, so be a man and take responsibility'




'Dude you're serious?'




'Meet me behind the geography section now'




'Jimin no, i'm not gonna kiss you!'




'I'll be waiting until you come, or i'll just do it where you are now infront of everyone. Make up your mind'




'Hollyshit no! I'm coming but i'm not gonna kiss you!!!'





Day 6
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





GREEN is Jimin

BLUE is Jungkook

3am

 'You're still up' 

 'I'm not gay' 

 'Alright '-' ' 

 'I said i'm not gay!!' 

 'I didn't say you are' 

 'Good, because i'm not gay' 

 'Why are you so on edge kookie?' 

 'You're serious?!' 

 'Oh, is it because of what happened at the library?' 

 'I'm not gay!!!!' 

 'Kookie, relax.' 

 'How can you ask me to relax! I let it happen! I let you kiss me and i didn't stop you!!' 

 'Kookie please TT I'm sorry i really didn't think you'd hate it that much ' 

 'I didn't' 

 'You didn't what?' 

 'I didn't 

 Hate it' 

 'Oh' 

 ' nooooo what is wrong with me!!!! I should've hated it!! We're both guys and i'm not gay!! And I didn't hate it at all!!! It felt really good!!! It shouldn't have been that good' 

 'Kookie, want me to come over and talk about this face to face?' 

 'No!!!!!' 

 'I promise i won't do anything to you, we'll just talk' 

 'I can't promise I won't be the one doing something' 

 'Oh' 

 TT what is happening to me' 

 'Kookie, are you a virgin?' 

 'What? Why are you asking that now?!' 

 'Just answer me, have you kissed someone before?' 

 'No i didn't' 

 'So I was your first kiss?' 

 '-__- are you pouring salt in my cuts?' 

 'No i swear i'm serious. It actually explains everything' 

 'How come?' 

 'You're just feeling like that because it was your first kiss. It wouldn't have been different if it was with a girl or another guy. you're a fifteen years old guy, it's very normal to feel that way the first time. And of course the fact that i'm a very good kisser' 

 'You mean it?' 

 'That i'm a good kisser? :)' 

 '. . .' 

 'lol joking, but i'm serious about what i said. What you feel doesn't mean you're gay. I told you before, it's an all boyschool, at some point, everyone turns gay to get some sexual release' 

 'Yeah?' 

 'Yeah kookie ' 

 'So it means I'm not a freak?' 

 'A freak?' 

 'Yeah, gay' 

 'Oh, of course not kookie. You're not a freak' 

 'Thank you so much TT i was gonna lose my mind thinking about it!' 

 'Glad i could help' 

 'So even if we do it again, it won't mean i'm gay, right?' 

 'I guess' 

 'You guess?' 

 'Well if you do it just for the act itself and you have no feelings for the guy, it means you're not gay' 

 'Ok good. I'm coming over' 

 'What?' 

 'You said i'm not gay if I don't have feelings for you. So i'm coming over right now.' 

 Jungkook are you teasing me again?' 

 'Kookie?' 

 'Jungkook answer me!!!' 

 'Open up, i can't knock so I won't wake the guy in the next room' 

 'Hollyshit you're serious?!' 

 'I wanna do it again, so open your door' 




Chapter End Notes
Hello guys!!!!! Let me know what you think of this so far! I love to read your opinions *-*


Day 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




As soon as the door opened, Jungkook launched himself at Jimin who stumbled behind, barely managing not to fall flat on his butt.
'wow, hold on'
'what?' said Jungkook not stopping his attack on Jimin's lips. Not getting the chance to talk, he forces Jungkook away from jim with a strong shove.
'dude, calm down'
'are you refusing me right now?' Jungkook said raising an eyebrow.
Jimin places a hand on his chest faking to be hurt.
'wow, I would never! I'm just trying to be a good friend and make sure you won't regret this or later blame it on me'
'I don't want you to be my friend, I want you to kiss me, right here, right now' Jungkook said staring at Jimin's lips while approaching him.
'kookie, tell me you're not teasing me again. I can't handle it'
'do I look like I'm teasing?' he said shoving him with an attempt to push him back on the bed.
'alright, alright, I get it, no need to be aggressive. But first if we're gonna do this and since I'm obviously the more experienced one here, we'll do it my way, agree?'
'ok'
'good, now sit down' Jimin said motioning to the bed which Jungkook obliged as fast as he could.
Jimin sat beside him licking his lips and staring at Jungkook's eyes, still expecting the guy to smirk and say it's all a joke.
But he didn't.
So Jimin placed a hand on Jungkook's neck, tilting his head a little and just like he did at the library, he closed the gap between their lips slowly in a tinder touch, allowing his lips to feel Jungkook's fully. Placing swift kisses to which Jungkook tried to reciprocate fultily.
Enjoying the sound of Jungkook's shallow breathing, his skin shivering nervously under Jimin's touch, he slowly nibbled and sucked on each lip individually, aware of how sensitive Jungkook's lips must be getting with the unsual attention they were receiving. Jungkook's eyes were closed, enjoying the new sensations his body was experiencing for the first time, while Jimin's were closely watching him, paying attention to every detail on his face, obliging  himself to memorize as much as he could of this moment and engrave it in his memory.
He felt Jungkook's hand grip on the side of his shirt, bringing their bodies closer. Jimin pushed his body on Jungkook's, forcing him to lean back and lay on the bed. Not breaking the kissing, he then sat on Jungkook's waist, their groins touching, before starting to grind on him making Jungkook gasp at the sensation, hold on Jimin's waist and bring him down on him.
The make out session went on for a long time, Jimin eagerly Kissing him and grinding on Jungkook. Until they were both so worked up.
'wanna go on?' Jimin asked looking down at Jungkook who gave him a confused look before realizing what he meant.
'oh, emmmm I ... I'm not sure. I mean, I'm not gay'
'alright then, you wanna sleep over? I don't mind sharing the bed'
'not really, thanks though' Jimin pulled himself away from Jungkook and sat on the side of the bed, allowing him to sit up and adjust his clothes, a bulge clear in his pants.
'you sure?' asked Jimin with a wink making Jungkook shake his head and sigh
'you're hopeless' Jungkook said laughing before adding in a serious voice 'Thank you Jimin'
they sat in silence for a few seconds, before Jimin stood up stretching up
'oh well I don't mean to be rude but, unless you're staying over, please leave. It's almost 6am and I still have some tension to get rid of' He said wiggling his eyebrows.
'Alright I'm not going, try to get some sleep though' was only what Jungkook said before going to his room and leaving Jimin to sit on his bed, smiling to himself.
 



Chapter End Notes
It sucks, I know. But I still can't write smut scenes with Jungkook in them, he'll always be my sweet innocent fetus T^T


Day 15




Green is JIMIN
Blue is JUNGKOOK


6pm



Hi ^^'




'Fuck off'




'What? '-' '




'You're an asshole'




'what did I do ? '




'don't pretend you don't know,  how stupid do you think I am? '




'a little'




'fuck you'




'seriously Kookie TT what happened? Did I do something wrong? '




'yes!  You can't keep your stupid mouth shut! '




'me?! '




'yes!! Now because of you I got suspended from the team's activities




for two weeks!! !'




'what? How is that related to me? '




'your ass of a friend kept making me look like a loser until I lost my 




temper and the coach banned me!! '




'but yoongi likes you!! '




'oh really? What would he have done if he hated me, kill me?! !'




'Kookie, you're not making any sense, yoongi likes you. Please tell me 




what happened '




'I can't believe you told him'




'told him what? '




'about us! Fooling around'




'I didn't '




'liar'




'I swear! '




'oh yeah? Then how come he called me a manwhore, a horny bitch and 




a jerk who doesn't care about what other people's feelings'




'how does that relate to me? '




'he told me not to lay a finger on you again! '




'wow, yoongi said that? '




'. . .'




'I'm sorry,  it's just hard to believe it since yoongi never even showed 




interest in my sex life'




'what?!  You told him we're having sex?! All we do is make out!! !'




'no I swear I didn't tell him! '




'well you told someone and they told him'




'no!  I swear no one knows!! 




  Oh '-' '




'oh? Who did you tell? '




'emmm'




'speak!! '




'I didn't exactly tell!! He just figured it out and I didn't think it would 




be a problem'




'who did you tell? '




'Tae '




'. . .'




'he's my best friend!  I can't lie to him!! Besides, I'm sure he didn't




mean to tell Yoongi, especially if he knew yoongi would behave like that'




'Just stay away from me from now on'




'Kookie please! I'll fix it, I'll talk to him'




'no don't!! you've done enough damage already'




'kookie please!!!'




'don't ever talk to me again, not online nor IRL'




'kookiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie'



*You can't reply to this conversation*





Day 17



JIMIN is Green
JUNGKOOK is Blue

After two days from Jungkook blocking Jimin from Facebook, he also ignored him each time he tried to approach him in real life.
Jimin, finally, gave up and decided to give him some time to calm down, sure that after the whole matter with Yoongi would pass he'd come to his sences and unblock him.
Jungkook though, was worried Jimin would really try and talk to Yoongi about it, and Yoongi, the overprotective friend, would do something to get back at him for making Jimin sad.
'Sad?' Jungkook thought to himself, wondering why would Jimin be sad, he was extremely good looking and openly gay, so he would easily find someone else to have fun with. Jungkook tried not to admit to himself he was already missing Jimin's both virtual and physical company.
At Jungkook's horror, after his last class of the day, he found himself face to face with Yoongi.
He stood there waiting for him to launch at him, insult him or yell at him, but instead Yoongi approached him more nodding.
'I talked to the coach, you can rejoin the team activities starting today' was all Yoongi said before walking past Jungkook leaving him confused.
Jungkook thought Yoongi was fooling with him, but when he appeared to the training the coach aknowledge him by an 'Get your ass on the court fast kid'.
Jungkook was so happy about finally being able to play again, he didn't even mind that the coach made him run 20 laps around the court after the training was over. He had expected students to be mean to him, to bully him and call him names after his relationship with Jimin was surely known to them, but he was surprised by the fact that no one even seemed to care. Everyone was still treating him the same as nice as before.
It goes without saying, he felt awful.
He had freaked out and lashed out at Jimin hence losing his first and only guy in school who treated him like a friend.
He knew he owned him an apology, but more importantly he owned him the truth. Jungkook was confused and only after not talking to Jimin for a while did he realize them fooling around was not merely physical for him. He didn't allow to admit it to himself, but he knew he was starting more intense feelings for the other guy.
So he couldn't just go and apologize knowing Jimin would ask him for an explanation he still didn't have.
So instead of confrontation, once he was back in his room, he unblocked him.
Instantly, a wave of messages from Jimin rushed in making Jungkook smile, happy that he talked to him and didn't ignore him or block him back.

 'kookiiiiiiiiiiiie!! !!!!!!!! 


 You're baaaaaaaaaaack 


 I missed youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 


 T¨T T¨T T¨T T¨T T¨T T¨T' 


 'hi' 


 'hiiiiiiiiiiiii OMG Best Hi ever!! !!!!!!!!' 


 'you're not mad at me? ' 


 'of course not Kookie TT it's OK, I understand. ' 


 'you do? ' 


 'yeah TT I shouldn't have said anything to Tae TT I should've at least let you know  


 about him knowing TT I'm so sorry TT' 


 'no' 


 'No?;-; ' 


 'don't apologize, I should apologize ' 


 'why '-' what did you do? ' 


 'I shouldn't have blocked you like that. I'm sorry I wasn't considerate of you' 


 '. . .' 


 'what? ' 


 'did yoongi tell you something?' 


 'like what? ' 


 'emmm, anything ' 


 'apart from getting me back on the team, he didn't say anything.  


 Why? Should he have told me something? ' 


 'you're back on the team early?! ! Congratulations!!  


 ,  I told you yoongi likes you ^^' 


 'I thought you convinced him to' 


 'no I didn't ^^' 


 'oh, I see. ' 


 'so we're cool? ' 


 'sure you're not mad at me? Not even a little? ' 


 'nope ^^ I just missed talking to you so much T^T' 


 'me too, I honestly missed you a lot' 


 'really?? ??<3 <3 ' 


 'yeah *^^* ' 


 'what did you miss the most about me? ;)' 


 'I missed your encouraging words, talking nonsense, the way you  


 laugh at all my silly jokes when we're together, I missed how right  


 it feels when I'm with you' 


 . . 


 'Jimin? ' 


 ' . . .' 


 'what? ' 


 ' . . . ' 


 'what is it? ' 


 'jungkook' 


 'what? You're freaking me out, did I say something wrong? ' 


 'no, you didn't. I've just realised something ' 


 'what is it? ' 


 'I think I love you' 


 ' '-' ' 


 'I love you jungkook' 


 'oh, but I'm ' 


 'not gay, I know.' 


 'I just wanted you to know it. I don't expect anything in return *^^*' 


 'yeah? ' 


 'yeah, I felt I should tell you how I feel so you know you're a  


 loveable guy. You're really an awesome guy <3' 


 'thank you. I really appreciate it.' 


 'aaaaaaaaalright let's stop, I'm starting to get goosebumps xD' 


 'no' 


 'no? ' 


 'let's not stop, I wanna talk like this more' 


 'okay, what do you wanna hear baby *^^* ' 


 'right now?' 


 'yes baby. I'll tell you whatever you wanna hear' 


 'you mean it? Anything? ' 


 'of course, anything for you Kookie' 


 'your moans' 


 'excuse me? ' 


 'I wanna hear you moan in pleasure' 


 '-' 


 'your moans are pure ecstasy, your lips are sugary sweet,  


 each touch from you makes my skin tingle.  


 In fact, just the sound of you breathing calms me down and  


 makes me feel at ease, like everything is perfect and  


 nothing can ever go wrong' 


 'damn it jungkook' 


 'I miss you Jimin' 


 'oh, I see. Want me to come over?' 


 'no, I just wanna hear you. Can I call you?' 


 'sure, But I'm not sure what you want from me' 


 'I'll call you now' 


*phone ringing*


 'Kookie?' 


 'What are you doing?' 


 'Nothing, I was just doing my homework' 


 'What are you wearing?' 


 'emmm, a hoodie..grey hoodie, and jeans' 


 'what's your favorite color?' 


 'light blue and black' 


 'what's your blood type?' 


 'A, Kookie what are you doing?' 


 'You have any brothers or sisters?' 


 'a brother, a younger one' 


 'how old is he?' 


 'as old as you are, Kookie what is this?' 


 'Is he gay too?' 


 'not that I know of, he has a gilfriend though, so I suppose 


 he's into girls. Kookie what are you doing? you're being weird' 


 'when did you know you are gay?' 


 'what?' 


 'were you freaked out?' 


 '. . .' 


 'who did you tell first?' 


 'how did your parents respond?' 


 'who was your first boyfriend?' 


 'why aren't you answering?' 


 'because you're freaking me out' 


 'why?' 


 'what's with the sudden interest in my personnal life? 


 are you sure Yoongi didn't tell you anything?' 


 'why you keep asking me that?' 


 'nothing, you're just being weird' 


 'I'm asking because I want to know you better, is that a crime?' 


 'oh, well, no it isn't.' 


 'then what?' 


 'I'm just not used to getting those questions about my sexuality. 


 I mean at least not in details' 


 'Not even your circle of friends?' 


 'well, I knew Yoongi and Tae ever since I was a child so they 


 were around when I first realised it and they helped me through it.' 


 So basically those two are the people who know you the best?' 


 'yeah' 


 'tell me something about you even them don't know' 


 'emmmm that's gonna be tough' 


 'find something' 


 'hmmmmmmmmmmmmm' 


 'Jimin, there must be something. A secret you only keep to yourself' 


 'not really, secrets are really tiring to keep. oh! there is one thing' 


 'really?!! what is it? tell me' 


 'hmmm, that's gonna be a problem' 


 'whyyyy' 


 'I'm not really comfortable talking about it' 


 'I thought you said secrets are tiring to keep' 


 'they are, but this is more like a fact than a secret' 


 'come on, tell me' 


 'kookie let's talk about something else' 


 'no I wanna know. Tell me' 


 'kookie *sigh* it's no big deal, really.' 


 'well find something else that you can tell me' 


 'hmmmm, a secret that no one else knoooows. wow that's really tough' 


 '*sigh* come on Jimin' 


 'oh I got one!!!' 


 'I never told this to anyone, but I have a fetish' 


 'what is it?' 


 'it's kind of embarrasing so don't laugh' 


 'I won't' 


 'ok, it extremely turns me on when someone kisses my *mumbling*' 


 'what?' 


 '*mumbling*' 


 'Jimin I can't hear you' 


 '*sigh* my butt cheek' 


 *silence*' 


 '*sigh* you promised not to laugh' 


 'I'm not laughing' 


 'good' 


 'I'm the only one on earth who knows it?' 


 'yupe' 


 liar' 


 'i'm not!' 


 'you tell me none of the guys you've been with knew this?' 


 'what guys? I've never been with a guy so intimitly his lips would 


 reach anywhere near that area' 


 seriously?' 


 'yeah, I've only had one boyfriend before I was forced to end it 


 and got sent here. we were both still young and the furthest we 


 went is kissing.' 


 'You loved him?' 


 'well, I wouldn't say love. he was a nice and cool guy, and we both 


 discovered we were gay together' 


 you miss him?' 


 'Not much really, we talk on facebook ocasionally' 


 'oh, I see.' 


 'he has a boyfriend now whom he's really in love with kookie' 


 'ok, I didn't ask' 


 'I know, I just didn't want you to get the wrong idea. I'm all yours baby' 


 'yeah?' 


 'of course I am Kookie, you're my bae' 


 'moan for me' 


 'wow that escalated way too fast!! where did that come from?!' 


 '*silence*' 


 'kookie?' 


 'koookiiiiiiiie' 


 'jungkook? you still there?' 


 'I can hear your breathing' 


 'ohcome on!' 


 '*sigh* fiiine' 


 '*silence*' 


 '*moan*' 


 'Jimin' 


 'what? it's embarrasing please don't ask me to do it again!' 


 'do it again' 


 'didn't you hear me?! it's embarrasing!!' 


 'do it and i'll kiss your butt cheek' 


 '. . .' 


 '*moan*' 


 'see, that wasn't so hard' 


 'oh it surely is, try moaning to the guy you like over the phone 


 without getting turned on and you'll feel how hard it gets' 


 'you're hard?' 


 'you really have no censorship' 


 'are you?' 


 'ye...yeah, Kind of' 


 '*sigh* oh well, guess since it is my fault I have to do something about it?' 


 'are you gonna cockblock me?' 


 'well, first of all, I promised you a kiss, so I'll come to your room 


 for that, then we'll see about your state' 


 'dude are you serious?!!! If you do that there is no stopping it, 


 it'll only get harder' 


 'yeah but, I promised to do it. and I'm a man of my words Jiminie' 


 'Jiminie?! hollyshit Jungkook' 


 'I'm coming by now, see you in a sec baby' 


 'baby?!!!!!!!' 


*beep* *beep*




Day 17 -2-



Soon after the phone call was cut, Jimin heard knocking on his room's door.He opened it still confused by the conversation to find jungkook standing there, out of breath; apparently he had run all the way from his room to Jimin's.He walked inside the room, turning and pushing Jimin to the door as soon as the door was closed.'wow, wasn't I supposed to be the horny gay in this relationship? 'Jimin teased not able to contain his laughter while jungkook pressed his body to his and kissing his face.'ouch' groaned Jimin in pain and pushed him away when he didn't stop pressing onto him.'dude! Calm down a bit''what's wrong Kookie? Why are you being weird today? ' Jimin added when jungkook didn't respond to him.'Jungkook?'Jungkook just stared at him silently before realizing something, taking a sharp breath, mumbling a curse under his breath andstorming out of the room completely ignoring Jimin's calls.Jungkook rushed into the dorm's shower, stripped out and got under the shower letting only the cold water wash over him.He stayed there for long minutes, not wanting to admit to himself what he just realized, trying to blame it all on his overactive hormones. Because, to him, there is no way he was the same as Jimin.He's not weak, he doesn't fit the gay stereotype, but so again neither is Jimin.Tired of thinking aimlessly, his body starting to shiver under the cold water, he stopped the water and sighed remembering he had forgotten to bring in a towel.He peeked his head to the dressing area where his clothes were,expecting it to be empty, but instead there was Yoongi standing with a long towel in hand.As soon as he spotted Jungkook he hand it to him.'I was starting to think you're planning to spend the night in there. ''what are you doing here? ' he asked after wrapping the towel on his waist and stepping into the dressing area.'I saw you rushing inside with A familiar look I've seen before,and I figured you'd need someone to talk to' Yoongi said sitting on a bench watching jungkook put on his shirt.'I'm ok, I don't have anything to talk about ' he replied sitting on a different bench, hoping yoongi would take the hint and leave so he can put on his pants.But the other just sighed, stood up and sat right beside him.'would it be different if it was someone else? ''what? ' said jungkook confused'instead of Jimin, would you care if it was someone else who you got to fool around with? Would it matter? ''emmm, I'm. . . . I don't know''what if I said from now, instead of going to him, you should come to me. I'm older and more experienced, and I'm not gay, so you won't have to worry about me developing any feelings for you'Jungkook stared at him, watching how he seemed nothing less than serious.'would it have been different or mattered if Jimin was a girl? ''I don't know' jungkook sighed'what is it that you know then? 'He thought for a second, hesitant to word it out, knowing that once those words are out there is no taking them back. Hearing himself say it will confirm how real it is. He looked up at yoongi, instead of his usual neutral expression, he looked softer, as if feeling sorry for him. The look on his eyes, the certainty he talked with, made jungkook believe the guy had the exact answers to his insecurities. He had no one else to ask, and he couldn't go on feeling this perplexed by his own thoughts. 'I like him. I like Jimin. And no it wouldn't have been different if he was a girl, I'd still like him the same. But.. ''no buts' interrupted him yoongi. 'those are your own feelings, are you really willing to give it up without a fight just because a bunch of people tell you it's not right to feel that way? Do you go around asking everyone's opinion and approval each time you had to decide whether to drink coffee or tea? Do you? ''I don't really like coffee' jungkook said hesitantly when yoongi looked at him expecting an answer'see!! If it's how YOU feel, then how come you allow people's preferences to apply on yours? People would label you for it, they'll tell you it's wrong, they'll try to convince you how gross and unnatural it is, they'll be there to try and tame you, but will they be feeling your insecurities, will they try and see it from your perspective? Will they gave you the love they took away from you just because it didn't seem right to them? 'Jungkook stared at him in silence, refusing to agree with him.'I'm not saying it's gonna be easy. It won't be, believe me. You'll certainly have jerks calling you a freak and such, but at least you won't have to worry about keeping a facade every day for the rest of your life. You won't be torn apart by having to lie to yourself about your own feelings. I'm not telling you to make it public, or tell everyone around you right away, just accepting yourself as you are is enough. The only person that should matter to you is you. . . . What? ' added yoongi when Jungkook kept staring at him silently.'why are you telling me all this? I thought that you hated me for being this way with Jimin. ''hate is a strong word. You're not my favorite person right now but you're nowhere near my disliked people list'They sat in silence some more, jungkook thinking about everything that yoongi told him, even though he agreed with it all but he still couldn't bring himself to accept the idea that he was gay. He was never attracted to guys in any way. He wasn't homophobic, he just didn't think that two guys being together was how mother nature wanted it to be. He had a crush on a random girl in his middle school so he knew he was attracted to girls. But when he compares that feeling to how he feels towards Jimin, it's not that different.The physical attraction is there but he tried so hard to believe Jimin's words and just blame it on his hormones and his body seeking relief. But if it was true, then how come he didn't like the idea of finding someone else as Yoongi suggested. He knew if it wasn't Jimin it wouldn't matter. The only reason his body was seeking relief it's because Jimin is the one giving it.During his time thinking, yoongi had stood up and left. Jungkook then finished dressing up and headed to his room.He wanted to talk to Jimin but he wasn't ready to face him.



Day 17 -3-



Blue is JungkookGreen is Jiminenjoooooooy 
 'Jimin?' 

 'Koooooookiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT I was so worried!!! I'm sorry TT I didn't mean to upset you!!!!!' 

 'I'm not upset' 

 'Are you mad? ;-; ' 

 'No I'm not. and I'm not gay either' 

 ' '-' that was random. I didn't say you were gay' 

 'I know, I'm just saying it . I'm not gay' 

 'It's ok Kookie :) I told you, it's normal to be confused and feel that way at your age. It doesn't mean you are gay' 

 'I know. There is something else you have to know' 

 'what is it kookie, you're making me worry about you TT' 

 'I'm not gay' 

 '. . . 

 Ok you're starting to be a little bit creepy and somewhat annoying' 

 'I don't like guys, I'm very sure I like girls.' 

 'ok Jungkook, I get it. we can stop if you want. we can be just friends.' 

 'but if it's you I don't care if you're a girl or a boy' 

 'oh you want to stop?' 

 'wait what?' 

 'you said you want to stop' 

 'no i didn't.' 

 'yes you did' 

 'nooooo I only said that because i thought it's what you wanted' 

 'i don't' 

 'you don't?' 

 'no, i don't want us to stop' 

 great TT and no one has to know, i'm sorry i told Tae' 

 'I don't care who knows as long as i can be with you' 

 '. . .' 

 'I don't know what am I now and it's really scaring and confusing me tbh. but I'm sure of one thing' 

 'it's that I like you the best' 

 '. . .' 

 'why are you not saying anything' 

 'Jimin?' 

 'you there?' 

 'plg o lob ypu sp mytvh TTTTTTTTTTTTT' 

 'what?' 

 'yhat xas dooooooooooppppp dweeeety TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT' 

 'Jimin check what you're typing, i don't talk guebirish' 

 'sorry TT tears blured my vision' 

 'what? why are you crying?!!!!! did I say something wrong?!!' 

 'no TT you didn't TT' 

 'stop crying then TT' 

 'I can't TT' 

 'Please Jiminie' 

 'Jiminie ;-;' 

 'minie?' 

 'miniiiiiie ;-;' 

 'Park Jimin' 

 'what? TT' 

 'I'm gay for you and only you' 

 'jsoajhdahdaiodaihjoakdjhaopdjadpoadjpadojadpoajdpadjapj' 

 'Jimin seriously' 

 'hdiahdihadjhbaidhaihdaiedh' 

 'I'm blocking you' 

 'nooooooooooo i'm sorry TTTTTTTTTTTTT' 

 'I'm just telling you this to make things clear between us, I know you hate secrets but I would appreciate it if you don't tell anyone' 

 'of course kookie I understand. it's not my secret to tell. don't worry' 

 'thank's' 

 'so, what does that make us?' 

 'what?' 

 'us, our relationship. Our we still friends with benefits?' 

 'emmmmm, i don't know.' 

 'Do you wanna be my boyfriend?' 

 'oh' 

 'do you?' 

 'i don't know, what difference does it make?' 

 'I can call you mine ;)' 

 'but i'm already is' 

 '. . .' 

 'what?' 

 'nothing, I guess we can stay like this then' 

 'no it's ok. you can call me your boyfriend if you want' 

 'REALLY???!!' 

 'yeah' 

 'yeeeeeeeey Kookie my boyfriend!!' 

 'can I ask you something, though?' 

 'sure kookie, anything' 

 'aren't I supposed to tell my parents?' 

 'oh' 

 'do you want to?' 

 'i don't know, didn't you tell yours when you figured it?' 

 'not really, they just found out.' 

 'how did it go?' 

 'lol not good, still going XD' 

 'so I shouldn't tell mine?' 

 'i can't tell you what to do kookie, they are your parents, they might not react the same as mine. Besides, it's only up to you to decide who to tell and who not' 

 'I guess you are right' 

 'I'm always right kookie ;)' 

 'you're a dork' 

 'a dork you're gay for' 

 'fuck you' 

 'this soon? you sure are eager' 

 '. . .' 

 ':)' 

 'not saying that we should do it, but i'm not a bottom' 

 whatever works for you kookie ;)' 

 ' *sigh* I'm going to bed, this has been a tiring day' 

 'jungkook' 

 'what?' 

 'go directly to sleep, don't think about anything. You'll have plenty of time to think tommorow.' 

 'alright' 

 'and if you couldn't sleep, just come talk to me, i'll take your mind off of anything baby ;)' 

 ''talk'?' 

 ';)' 

 'I'm going' 

 'sweet hot dreams kookie ;)' 

 'I'll visit you in my dreams baby' 

 'koooookiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie!!!! >-<' 

*jungkook is offline*
  
Yelloooo Guys! wow uploading the whole story at once is surely taking longer than what I expected XD So I'll stop for tonight and finish tomorrow, since I also want to upload other fanfics that are still ongoing. Check them out if you have time!

and I always welcome any remarques and suggestions ^^




Day 18




Green is Jimin 

  Blue    is Jungkook 

Brown is Yoongi ^^



-4am-


 'how did it go?' 


 '*sigh* not so well' 


 'why? what did he say?' 


 'the usual stuff, they're taking me back home'


 'really? then it wasn't that bad after all' 


 'they want me back home for good' 


 'what? why?' 


 'I think my father kind of heard something about my little adventures with the guys in school' 


 'Jungkook?' 


 'God I hope not!' 


 'So are you gonna tell Jungkook you're leaving?' 


 'I don't know' 


 'You two made up though, right?' 


 'as if you had nothing to do with it' 


 'I didn't do anything' 


 'really? then how come his words sounded similar to mine few years ago?' 


 'oh well, I might have talked to him a little' 


 'Thanks, I'm glad he'll at least have you around when i'm gone' 


 'the fuck are you talking about! Do I look like a babysitter to you?' 


 'I know how confused and scared he must be right now, I can't go against my father and insist on staying here or he'll suspect something serious is going on, leading him to Jungkook. I can't make him go through that' 


 'so you'll just leave him? without telling him anything?' 


 '*sigh* I really don't know' 


 'can't he at least let you graduate? I mean this IS your last year anyway' 


 'I think he'll be homeschooling me for the rest of the year' 


 'that's stupid' 


 'i know, but I have no other choice. Just one year and I can be free. I'm more worried about Jungkook' 


 'don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him. Besides, he seems like a strong kid' 


 'But you'll be leaving too after this year. And he's not close to the rest of the guys, can you at least get him to trust them? especially Tae, he's just one year ahead of him so he'll be here with him the most' 


 'I can't make him trust them, but I can convince him to spend more time with us' 


 'Thank you' 


 'shut up shorty, it's not like you're dying. I know you, you'll be spamming him with texts and phonecalls' 


 'but I won't be able to touch him TT' 


 'disgusting' 


 'I'll miss his skin and lips TT' 


 'seriously Shut up!! you're disgusting!' 


 'but you love me ;)' 


 'unfortunatly yes' 


 'oooown I love you too!' 


 'go to bed you idiot' 


 'XD I feel a little better now that I know you're here for him, so I'll sleep tight :* ' 


 'G'night' 


*Yoongi is offline*


*********************************************


 'Jiminie' 


 'oh '-' you're still up kookie?!' 


 'yeah, you?' 


 'I was about to sleep' 


 'oh, sorry then. Good night' 


 'No I'm still awake! what is it? why are you still up?' 


 'I was just thinking' 


 'TT about what?' 


 'you' 


 'me?' 


 'yh' 


 'oh, are you having regrets?' 


 'regrets? no' 


 'then, what is it?' 


 'I had something to tell you' 


 'again? TT' 


 'it's different this time' 


 'what is it?' 


 'Thank you' 


 'pardon?' 


 'I wanted to thank you' 


 'for what? '-' ' 


 'for talking to me the first day, introducing me to your friends and even going as far as liking me and being patient with me. I also wanted to apologize for calling you disgusting and a freak. you're nothing like that, you're an amazing person and I'm so lucky I have you with me' 


 'kookie TT' 


 'I'm being emo, sorry' 


 'it's ok TT but what happened?' 


 'nothing, I was just thinking how you're always happy and seem so strong when I know you must be going through a lot' 


 'what makes you think I do? ^^" I don't kookie, don't worry about me' 


 'I know I'm younger than you, but I can tell when another person is hiding something' 


 'jungkook' 


 'it's ok, you don't have to tell me. I just want you to know I'll be here for you no matter what' 


 'I'm sorry. I promise I'll tell you everything soon, I just need some time' 


 'It's ok, whenever you're ready. no matter what I'll still love you' 


 'kookiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie don't say stuff like these out of the blue TT' 


 'stuff like what? I love you?' 


 'yeeeeeeeah TT' 


 'why? I thought you weren't the shy type' 


 'I'm not shy' 


 'I love you so much' 


 'kookiiiie' 


 'I wish we shared the same room, no the same bed. so i can hold you all night' 


 'kooookiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiie ::>-<:: ' 


 'wow this is fun ;) ' 


 'you're mean TT now my heart is beating so fast I won't be able to sleep at all TT' 


 'I'm glad to come take responsibility of my actions' 


 'oh really?' 


 'kookie?' 


 'jungkook?' 


*Jungkook is offline*

'what?! dude that's mean TT' Jimin typed grunting before jumping at the sound of low tapping on his room's door.
'Jungkook?' the younger walked past him and sat on the bed while Jimin locked the door and was about to turn the light on when Jungkook stopped him.

'no leave it'

'you . . . ok?' Jimin hesitantly asked. somehow Jungkook didn't seem flirtitous to him now the way he was online, he seemed down.
'can I hold you?' Jungkook spoke in a whisper.
'oh, emm, sure' Jimin then sat beside him, stared at Jungkook who carefully opened his arms motioning him to get closer to him.
Embraced by Jungkook, Jimin couldn't help but smile to himself and hug him back, dwelling in the boy's warm hug. They hugged for few minutes before Jungkook sighed and spoke not pulling away

'I'm sorry, this is all I can offer you for now'

understanding the meaning of his words, Jimin's smile grew larger, he tightened his hold on Jungkook and spoke with his face burried in the boy's neck.

'It's perfect, It's exactly what I need right now. nothing more'


'do you mind if I stayed with you some more?'


'it's almost 5am, we should be sleeping'


'I'll hold you in your sleep'

Jimin cringed and tightened his grip some more making Jungkook giggle.

'don't break my ribs though'




Day 18 -2-




Brown is Yoongi


Blue is Jungkook


 

-3pm-



'you have no classes?'




'who's this?'




'your shower counselor'




'excuse me?'




'seriously kid, this is fb, all you have to do is to read my name'




'yoongi?'




'finally, so what are you on fb for? have you no classes?'




'no i don't. How about you?'




'didn't feel like going'




'are you sick?'




'no, I was just taking a nap'




'wow, cutting class for a nap'




'a man gotta have his priorities right after all'




'whatever works for you'




'I have a favor to ask of you'




'what is it?'




'will you do it?'




'I'll have to know what it is though, but I promise I'll do my best'




'I need you to take Tae out of my ass'




'what?'




'Taehyung'




' I know who Tae is, I'm asking what you mean'




'I mean i need you to talk to him and spend some time with him'




'why?'




'because he's annoying me'




'why not ask Jimin, aren't they close friends?'




'they are, but Jimin is same as me, we need time to work for our college entrance exams, we have no time to entertain him'




'then ask that other guy'




'what other guy?'




'the one with the weird laugh and the long face'




'Hoseok?'




'I guess'




'ha! Tae can't stay alone with hoseok even if his life depended on it'




'are they not friends?'




'they are'




'then why not?'




'because Tae is desperatly in love with hoseok'




'oh'




'yeah he's gay'




'and hoseok?'




'Hoseok is neutral'




'what?'




'as far as I know, he has dated both guys and girls'




'so why won't Taehyung just confess?'




'a good question, ask him now! I have to go back to my nap and he's hanging out in my room reading his comics'




'so you want me to come over?'




'what? no! one pain in the ass is enough. I'll send him to your room. Thanks!'




'wait!'



*yoongi is offline*

 



Day 18 -3-




'what's this about? '

was the first thing Tae said once jungkook opened the door.

'pardon? '

'oh please don't let this be about your thing with Jimin. I already apologized to Jimin. I didn't know it was such a big deal to you! What do you want? A written apology? ' said Tae sighing.
Jungkook was tempted to slam the door shut and go back to his laptop, but remembering how yoongi spoke to him and helped him think things through, he felt that he own it to the guy to help him get some sleep. Besides, if Tae didn't have a big mouth, he probably would've never came to accept his own feelings.

'no, it's not about that. I just figured you'd want to hang out. I'm sure it's not fun to hang out with yoongi while he's sleeping'

Tae smiled brightly at that and walked into the room sitting uninvited on the bed.

'not really that bad, Annoying him is very amusing'


'oh, great'

Jungkook went back to his laptop, Tae now laying back on his bed reading a comic he brought along.
The two sat in silence for a long time until Tae abruptly threw the comic on the floor and grunted.
'som...something is wrong? ' jungkook asked hesitantly.

'Sanji is such an asswhole! '


'oh, one piece'


'can you believe what he did!! '


'can you blame him? His father and brothers would've killed everyone he's ever met if he left '

Tae stared at him doubting what he said, making jungkook sigh and nod his head.

'alright, maybe not luffy included, or brook since, you know, he's dead already. But he sure would've destroyed his hands. Even you got to admit he's no good to them without his hands! He IS the chef '


'alright alright, but speaking of brook, where the fuck is he? Seems like he's plotting something.'

'I hope so, or did his soul Lose track of his corpse ' They stared at eachother before bursting into a laughing fist.

'you're right, this is much fun than annoying yoongi. I can see why Jimin loves you '

'what? ' jungkook was no longer laughing nor smiling.

'oh my God, did I say something unnecessary again? '


'no, not at all. I kind of knew it but hearing it is just a little. . .'

'overwhelming? ' Tae finished for him making jungkook nod his head.

'don't worry, I'm sure you'll hear it from him soon.'

Driven by curiosity, jungkook questions him about hoseok.

'emm, why do you hang out with yoongi even though he is busy sleeping?'


'well Jimin kicked me out first saying he has homework to do'

'what about that hoseok guy? ' asked jungkook carefully studying Tae's expressions who went from smiling to frowning back to smiling warmly.

'well he's. . . . He must be busy. He wouldn't have time for someone like me'


'someone like you?'

Tae scratched his head looking down at his lap.

'well, he's one year older and he has other friends to hang out with'


'yoongi's much older'


'he's different '


'you sure it has nothing to do with you liking him? '

Tae looked up surprised, his cheeks taking a pinkish color.

'what? Where did you get that from? I don't like him! Who told you that?! '


'well, yoongi told me and... '


'oh my God! Yoongi knows?! '

'eem, didn't you tell him? ' jungkook asked confused.
'no!! Why would I tell him that? He's hoseok's best friend! ' Tae jumped off the bed panicking.

'I thought Jimin was yoongi's best friend'

'what?! No!! Jimin is MY best friend! ' Tae blurted offended making jungkook smile apologising.

'but anyway, why are you making it such a big deal? '


'ha! Look who's talking. '


'my situation is nothing like you guys. You both are openly gay, and hoseok is Bisexual from what yoongi said he had hooked up with guys before '

'exactly! ' said Tae confusing jungkook who raised an eyebrow at him questionably.

'that's all he does, he hooks up. I don't want to be just a fling for him. I don't want to be his fuck buddy. I really like him'

They sat in silence.
Tae now thinking about his situation while jungkook having no idea what to do or say to make him feel better, wondering why he even brought up the subject

'you know what, this is none of my business. I'm sorry I mentioned it.'


'what? I'm not upset. It's OK, I don't mind talking about it, we're friends '

'we are? ' asked jungkook surprised.
'yeah of course.' said Tae a matter of fact before picking up his comic and dwelling in it leaving jungkook smiling to himself.



Day 18 -4-



 


Hoseok is red


Jungkook is blue


Jimin is green


Enjoooooy ~~


 


'Hi'




'oh, JK!  Helloooo'




'how are you doing?'




'I'm great! How are things with Jimin? :D '




'. . . You know? '




'lol ofc I do. I know everything (๑¯ω¯๑)'




'is that so? '




'oy! Are you doubting me? ( • ̀ω•́ )'




'meh'




'I'll prove it!! I bet you didn't know that yoongi is actually '




'yoongi is what? '




'nice try ノ(・ω・)ノ'




'oh well, I guess I'll just have to believe you then. Mister I know everything '




'(๑•́ ₃ •̀๑)'




'cute'




'Oooown you think I'm cute (･´з`･)'




'hhhh this is actually the first time we actually talk. Aren't you wondering why I contacted you? '




'๏︿๏ do you need a reason to make friends? '




'wow you guys really throw the friendship card easily'




'you guys? '




'you, Jimin, yoongi and Tae'




'Tae? '




'Taehyung '




'I know who TaeTae is. I meant, you guys are friends now? '




'yeah, he's in my room right now'




'oh'




'what is he doing? '




'reading a manga'




'one piece? '




'yeah'




'so he's just sitting there reading while you're on the computer? '




'basically'




'why aren't you guys talking? Is he annoying you? '




'not at all, we were talking until a minute ago'




'oh, what did you talk about (•ω•)'




'You'




'Σ(⊙▽⊙") me?!!! '




'yeah'




'why?! What did I do to you? 〒_〒'




'well, we just talked how you liked to hook up with random guys'




'what? っ╥╯﹏╰╥c I'm hurt JK, you make me sound like a manwhore'




'isn't that true though? '




'흫_흫 no it's not. I don't LIKE hooking up with random guys'




'won't it be better if you had someone you like instead? In a relationship '




'(づ￣ ³￣)づ JK are you confessing to me? '




'....'




'It'll break Jimin's heart though. I mean, I know he's leaving soon but damn it kid this is a fast moving on'




'what? '




'what? ●_●'




'he's leaving soon? '




'oh (╥﹏╥) even I was surprised he wasn't even allowed to finish the school year. Makes you want to walk into his father's office and punch him in the face (๑و•̀ω•́)و '




'JK? ‘︿’ '



******************



'you're leaving? '




'what? '




'answer me. You're leaving? '




'who told you? '




'just answer me!! '




'Kookie don't get mad TT I was planning to tell you'




'when? When I notice you not around?! '




'Kookie I swear I was going to tell you today!! I was just thinking of an easy way to do it but lol TT'




'I hate you'




'Kookie please'




'how dare you!!! Did you know all along? Was it some kind of a dare game? To make the new kid gay and leave? Was anything you said real? '




'jungkook please don't say that! I love you with all of my heart!! I'd never hurt you!!!!! '




'yeah this really proves it'




'can you please just listen to me? '




'I hate you'




'you said you'll be here to listen to me when I feel comfortable talking about it. Didn't you mean it? '



*silence*



'OK you didn't log out, n I can see you still reading this. So I take it as a yes'



*silence*



'the thing is, my parents are extremely religious and strict. I told you about my first boyfriend how it was the reason they sent me here. You might have known by now but many other guys here are gay too. My father hence decided to send me back home away from 'temptation'. Now you know I'd never intentionally hurt you, that's why I didn't want to tell you this without a memory to make up for it at least'




'＜（－︿－）＞'




'Kookie I love you TT '




'v_v'




'please Kookie TT'




'(︺︹︺)'




'boy were you talking to Hoseok?'




'so what? Am I not allowed to?'




'if you're gonna start using the same emojis as him then yes boy stop it'




'you stop'




'stop what? '




'calling me boy '




'you are a boy though. I mean as far as I know, we didn't reach the intimacy where I can check'




'seriously? Flirting? At such a situation? '




'it's never a bad time to express how attractive I find you ma boy'




'seriously Jimin '




'I love you my bunny'




'shut up'




'I'm not talking, I'm typing'




'stop it'




'I can't. How else am I gonna annoy you'




'how else am I gonna kiss you if you leave'




'damn it boy that was smooth!! '




'I've learned from the best (｡･ω･｡)ﾉ♡ '




' XD '




'seriously though, can't you talk to him? Please. Do it for me'




'Kookie I tried. Believe me I did my best. I was terrified he was sending me back because he found out about our relationship.'




'so what if he did? '




'Kookie no! You can't tell anyone here'




'why not? Ashamed of me? '




'I have a large biology book beside me right now I wish to hit you with it on the head for even thinking of such a thing'




'then what? '




'he might get you expelled'




'so what? I don't care'




'you should! Like it or not, this is a very respectful school with connections in many good colleges. besides getting expelled won't do you any good'




'I can be beside you'




'I'm being sent to my family house in the countryside Kookie, you won't be able to meet me anyway'




'what?!!! You're not finishing school?! '




'I'm gonna be home schooled for the rest of the year until I take my college entrance exams'




'oh, I see'




'then summer will come, and I'll be old enough to live on my own'




'good for you'




'and you'




'what? '




'well, I figured if I had a place on my own you'd be excited to come spend summer days with me in the privacy of my house ;-)'




'and after the summer? '




'I'll be close by, I'll come see you every weekend '




'and before the summer? '




'we'll have to survive on chatting and phonecalls'




'how do I know you're gonna stay faithful '




'you're the attractive golden boy living in a building full of horny guys. Really not your place to worry about ME alone in the middle of nowhere. '




'are you getting jealous?'




'yes '




'good'




'you're not mad at me? '




'pissed off'




'TT'




'what can I do to make you forgive me? '




'you can come over here and leave a good impression'




'sexy '




'wait no don't come over now'




'what? Why?! '




'Tae is here '




'oh, you've been talking to me for so long though '




'yeah I suppose he's still reading his manga'




'this long? Without making a noise? '




'yeah'




'Kookie you do realize he's probably been standing behind you reading your chat all this time, right? '




'oh'




'hi there TaeTae'




'he says Hi'




'Tae you better not be there when I get to that room'




'he left'




'good, I'm coming over. And Kookie? '




'yeah? '




'I'm bringing a condom'




'wow wow!!! Hold on a sec! '




'too late baby. I'm leaving in a few days and I'm NOT leaving you a virgin '




'shit!! I'm calling top!! '




'whatever makes you feel comfortable Kookie. Why don't you freshen up, I'll be there in ten minutes'




'ten? Why so long? '




'I have to get some lube from hoseok '




'lube? '




'kid I saw the bulge in your pants, I'm not risking a bareback '




'see you in ten minutes baby'



*jimin is offline*





First
Chapter Notes
Smut ahead '-'



'hi there sexy'
Jimin walked into my room locking the door behind him before stood there staring at me sitting me in the bed. I had spent the ten minute waiting for him in brushing my teeth, fixing my hair, putting on a white almost transparent shirt and khaki shorts.
I would absolutely deny any accusations of trying to be seductive. 
I was kind of expecting him to sit beside me and talk first, instead he walked right to me, placed a knee on the bed on my left trapping my legs between his. Towering over me, his hand grabbed the hair at the back of my head gently tilting it up to be welcomed by his lips on mine. 
His kiss as gentle and soft as all the previous times. But it still felt different. This was no longer a kiss just for the makeout session sake, this was a kiss that would lead to me losing my virginity to a boy. 
As our kiss grew more passionate, I felt him lowering his body on mine to sit on my lap. A sensation I'd be lying to say I didn't enjoy. 
Chest to chest, French kissing, I grabbed the hem of his shirt pulling him closer to me. Eager to feel every inch of him, knowing he won't be here for me to touch whenever I please only making me more attentive to every small detail. 
Too much into the kiss, I didn't realize I had leaned back until I was now on my back with him on top of me. he broke the kiss briefly to take off his shirt so I took the chance to do the same thing. 
'nice' he said smirking, his voice had an unfamiliar deep tone in it. 
I smile at the compliment though and look down at his well defined abs and chest nodding approvingly. 
'not bad' I said teasing.
He laughed amused before stopping again, he looked down at me, hand on each side of my head. 
'I love you so much' the words came out of his mouth slow, well thought, meant to be heard and comprehended. 
My heart was beating so fast I could hear its pulse. I knew I had to reply and I wanted to say it back. But there was something about that moment, that even breathing might cause the magic to desolve. A moment where I could see the love he expressed genuinely right through the look in his eyes. 
He lowered himself back to place his lips on mine. His hand now tracing its way down my chest to my stomach landing on the belt of my short and fumble with it obviously not managing to open it with one hand. 
Now. 
Just a thought. 
Why in the world did I decide to wear a belt?!! 
Stupid. 
I reached my hands down and took off the belt throwing it as far away as possible hitting the wall.
The button undone, the zipper down, he slid his hand down my shorts, flesh on flesh and grabbed me. Not harshly, but surprising me enough to gasp. I absolutely did not expect him to be this straightforward with his actions as he is with his words.
Not giving me a moment to adjust, his hands started palming me gently while his lips still found its way with mine.
Unsure what to do with my hands, I placed them on the waistband of his sweatpants and awkwardly slid it down alongside his boxers. His hand stopped fast and slid out of my short. 
'what? What's wrong? ' I said into the kiss making him stop and look down at me smiling. 
'nothing, just taking stuff out of my pocket' he said as I saw what he meant. He reached to his sweatpants pocket and took out a small bottle and a condom. Upon seeing that, I had realized we were really going to do it. Instead of being nervous, scared or doubtful as I had suspected, I was looking forward to it. 
'you OK Kookie? ' he asked.
Oh I'm perfectly fine. I said to myself as I took hold of the back of his head and pulled him down to my side before getting on top of him and starting to kiss his neck before moving up to his lips.
We made out for few minutes, my hand on the low of his back bringing his waist up closer to mine before his hands moved to pull down my shorts. We were now both completely naked. 
I felt his hand back on my member, I thought he was going to stroke it but instead I realized he was putting something on it. I broke the kiss and looked down to see him putting a condom. 
'having second thoughts about topping? ' he asked teasing
'you wish'
'oh yes I do' he smirked and I noticed he was done putting it on.
'ready whenever you are baby' he said now softly, a hand on my cheek bringing my face closer to his into a kiss. We kissed for a while until I felt confident enough to adjust myself to him. It took me a few tries before I managed to get it right with his help. His words directing me to when to stop, to move in, to stop again before he told me to move slowly. 
Slow and careful not to hurt him, I kept my eyes open focused on his every grimace. I moved as slow as I could watching as his breathing grew heavier, he gasped, his head raising and falling back down. 
'fuck it Jungkook you're killing me. Move faster' he breathed out and I obliged. 
Shortly after I could feel pressure starting to build up, even being inexperienced, I knew I was close to cum. I buried my face in Jimin's neck granting doing my best not to cum before him when I felt his hand hands grab my waist urging me to move faster.
And I lose it. 
I cum and managed to thrust into him few times more before I felt over sensitive and having to pull out. I heard him grant and force a final thrust before he cum.
I pulled out and laid beside him, unsure of what I had to do or say now. 
Thank you? 
That was great? 
Obviously, I decided to not say anything. 
'that wasn't so bad for your first time' he broke the silence after our breathing evened. I looked at him expecting him to be smirking or talking with his eyes closed. But he was looking right at me, a warm reassuring smile on his lips. 
'I liked it' he added when I didn't reply. 
'I just need to practice'i reassured him and he chuckled before closing his eyes and pulling up the covers. 
'yeah well maybe in another time bunny, I'm tired and need sleep now'
'who said you can sleep in my room? ' 
'shut up and turn off the lights bunny' he yawned and I smiled at how cute he looked sleeping with only but my blanket to cover his naked body.
I stood up, closed the curtains before wearing my clothes, grabbing a towel and some clean clothes and leaving the room to the shower.



Day 19




Jungkook is Blue


Taehyung is Orange




'you had sex?!!!!!!!!'




'hello to you too'




'whatever. Tell me all about it!!! '




I can't believe Jimin told you even that! '




'he didn't '




'who did then? '




'yoongi'




'. . . How The fuck did he know?'




'no wait, why did he tell you? '




'because I asked him what was wrong with Jimin'




'wrong?! Why would us having sex can make him seem like there's something wrong with him? '




'he was grinning all morning, he didn't seem sad at all even though he's leaving!! '




'damn it. I almost forgot he was leaving'




'Kookie don't cry TT you'll have me'




'I'm not crying. I'm OK with it'




'you are? '




'yes'




'why? '




'because it's for the better'




'won't you miss him? '




'I will. But it's temporary. It's not like we're breaking up'




'Oooooown Kookie so mature'




'how about Hoseok? Isn't this his last year too? '




'hoseok? That was random'




'weird though he and yoongi are older than Jimin but they are in the same grade as him'




'not really, Jimin skipped a class and yoongi took a year off before. So correctly speaking, hoseok is right where he belongs. The other two are the anomaly'




'a year off? Why? '




'I don't know. He never talks about it'




'Hmmm, I bet hoseok knows'




'yeah he must, since they are really close'




'jealous? '




'that he knows? I'm not really curious Bout it'




'no, that they he is closer to hoseok'




'I'm not. Yoongi is straight'




'everyone turns gay at some point in an all boyschool'




'. . .that sounds familiar'




'I guess I heard it somewhere'




'whatever, I'm not worried about yoongi, because TaeSeok is stronger'




'TaeSeok?'




'yeah, our shipping name! Cute, right? '




'you got a lot of free time'




'yours is JiKook'




'I don't want it '




 'of course you do. It's cute'




'no it's not. It's creepy.'




'but you guys are so cute together, you deserve a cute name like this'




'use cute one more time and I'm gonna block you'




'you don't mean that, you're too cute'



*you can't reply to this conversation. Learn More *




Chapter 18




Jungkook is Blue


Jimin is Green


Yoongi is
 


Brown






'do you need me to come over and smack you? '




'What? '




'unblock him'




'who are you talking about?'




'Tae! Unblock him! He's spamming me!! '




'no he's annoying '




'do not make me ask a third time




Unblock




HIM'




'no'




'you brought this upon yourself kiddo'



*Yoongi is offline*


 


 



'OMG KOOKIE ARE YOU ALRIGHT!!!!! '




'emm, yes? '




'ARE YOU SURE! DO YOU NEED ME TO COME OVER? OMG I'M SO SORRY I DIDN'T MEAN TO UPSET YOU!! '




'what are you talking about?'




'I'M SORRY I DIDN'T TELL YOU I JUST DIDN'T COULDN'T DO IT!! '




'jimin what are you talking about. Calm down'




'HBHEUSIEJE. SBEJWKWKEB EWJ'




'JIMIN STOP'




'okay TT'




'what's wrong? No capital letters! '




'yoongi called me'




'I can't believe he called you'




'well he didn't have a choice'




'listen I'm not gonna do it. It's annoying and starting to get on my nerves.'




'can't you even give it a chance? Please'




'Jimin I know he's your friend, but he has to know that he needs to stay out of my business. Besides, I was gonna unblock Tae without him interfering'




'what? '




'yeah, I was just fooling around with him. I wasn't serious, geez. '




'you blocked Tae? '




'wasn't that what yoongi called you about? '




'no'




'what were you talking about then? '




'yoongi told me about you not wanting to keep a long distance relationship and mentioned you hitting on Hoseok'




'what the heck?! That's a lie! '




'I know right?! haha that was silly'




'Jimin, did you believe him? '




'what? No! Of course not!'




'good. Because I don't mind spending the rest of the year away from you, it's only few months and we'll see each other all we want in summer'




'yeah, sure. I know that'




'and I did not hit on Hoseok, I would never'




'I know that'




'you do? '




'yeah'




'Jimin? '




'yes? '




'I love you'




'that was random'




'I love you'




'alright'




'I love you'




'stop Kookie you're making me blush'




'I love you'




'what the heck XD I get it alright! '




'I love you! '




'alright alright! I won't believe a thing yoongi says about you again XD '




'I really love you'




'I love you too Kookie '




'finally'




'sorry XD I'm kind of distracted right now'




why? What are you doing baby? '




'wow baby!! I'm.... Nothing. I'm just waiting for my father to finish his meeting '




'what? Why?! Something is wrong? '




'no don't panic Kookie. He asked to see me. I don't know what it's about. I'm sure it's nothing'




'but you'll tell me what he wants from you, right? '




'of course honey bunny'




'I love you'




'shut up or I'm ditching my father to come and kiss the air out of your lungs'




'well, I won't complain. '




'oh, the meeting is over. I'll come by your room after I'm done'




'then we'll see about that kissing'




'you bet ;) '





Chapter 19




'why didn't you come? And where were you all day? '


 


 


 


 


 


 



'Jimin where are you, even yoongi says he didn't hear from you'


 


 


 


 


 


 



'Jimin is something wrong? Why is your room empty? Where are you? '


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



'Jimin it's been a week already, are you mad at me? Did I do something wrong? Please just answer me I'm worried '


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



'I talked to yoongi, he says you called him. It's good that you're OK but why aren't you answering me. I miss you'


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



'*sigh* are you not coming back at all? Our we over? '


 


 


 


 


 


 



'I'm sorry if my messages annoy you. I get it. I won't disturb you anymore. Goodbye Jimin. I hope you have a fucking amazing life'


 


 


 


 


 



'I hate you. Why'd you even talk to me if you knew you were leaving?! Are you enjoying this?! I was fine without you, why did you have to walk out of my life and ruin it? Do you have any idea how much it was hard for me to admit I love you?! The least you could do is tell me the truth, I deserve it, don't I? You can't just ghost me out!! I'll annoy yoongi until he convinces you to talk to me'


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



'Jimin please it's been a month. I know you told yoongi to distract me but I can't get you out of my head. Jimin please, yoongi refuses to tell me anything, he won't even tell me where you at. I can see you're reading my messages so atleast give me an answer.' 

 

 
 

The end is near



You hear me people!!! THE END IS NEAR!!!!!!!









Chapter 20




Jimin is Green 


Jungkook is Blue




'yoongi says you stopped talking to him, is that true or is it just a trick to keep me from asking about you?'




'jimin'




'I can see you reading this now'




'you know where I am now? '




'the principal's office'




'if everyone refuses to tell me where you are I'm asking your father. I'm just waiting for him to finish his meeting'




'jungkook don't!! '




'stop!! Don't do it! '




'why not?'




'I'll tell you everything just please don't talk to my father. I don't want him to know anything about us'




'us? What us? Was there ever an us between you and me? '




'Kookie this isn't the time for this, you need to go back to your room first then we'll talk'




'I am in my room'




'that was fast '-' '




'I was here all along you idget'




'you tricked me'




'it worked. I regret nothing '




'neither do I Kookie




I regret nothing I told you or done with you.'




'why did you leave so abruptly? '




'I had no choice'




'elaborate'




'I can't right now'




'Kookie I have to go'




'you better talk to me again or I swear next time I WILL go see your dad'




'Gee ok '





Chapter 21



Jungkook is Blue
Jimin is Green



'Kookie? '



 'right here' 



'I never lied to you nor did I trick you just to get you to sleep with me. I meant it when I said I love you'



 'do you still love me? ' 



'of course yes! '



 'then why'd you leave? ' 



'I told you I had no choice'



 'what do you mean' 



'you remember the last time we talked when I was about to see my dad? '



 'hard to forget' 



'he asked to see me because he had decided I am to leave at once. A teacher heard about me having a boyfriend and told my dad. If I had talked to you before I left he would have realised it was you and he would've kicked you out'



 'then why did you stop talking to me even once you left?!' 



'I don't have a phone here or internet connection, I've only been using the school's computer. We have people monitoring everything we did on them so I didn't have a chance to explain everything. '



 'then how come you're talking now? ' 



'yesterday I was still using the school's computer '



 'now? ' 



'I stole a phone from another student'



 'you did WHAT? ' 



'i had no choice, I'll give it back to him once I'm done with it, I promise'



 'or just keep it, so we can talk all the time' 



'are you trying to give a bad reputation in here? '



 'wait, if so, then how did you talk to yoongi? ' 



'I was calling him from a phonebooth, but they stopped giving me allowance so I couldn't call him anymore'



 'them? ' 



'my uncle and aunt'



 'where are you anyway? Where did he send you? ' 



'it's in the middle of nowhere to describe it the best. It takes me thirty minutes to get to the train station where it takes me an hour in train to reach the town that has a highschool, the town we're in is so small it only has an elementary and basic middle school.'



 'wow, you're father is not joking around' 



'it's not bad here to be honest, it's calm and the nature is very pretty. People are so friendly and are not as homophobic as I thought they'd be'



 'how do you know? ' 



'well, everyone asked me why I was sent here in the middle of a school year so I told them the exact reason '



 'wow you're throwing your father into the flames'  



'I also told them about you. Not YOU you, just about the guy I love so much that I was thrown to the middle of nowhere for.'



 'you're cheesy' 



'shut up you love it'



 'no I don't. I love YOU, there's a difference ' 




The End



Jimin is GreenJungkook is Blue
 'Kookie!!!!! ' 

 'how was the ceremony? ' 

 'not bad, finally highschool is over!! Bye bye highschool!!! ' 

 'what are your plans after it? ' 

 'college duuuh, I want to have a high degree so I can be independent and have a good job! But I'm taking a year off first' 

 'eh? Why? ' 

 'I need to find some part time jobs And settle down in an apartment first and save some money for college tuition' 

 you got everything planned well. Did you tell your father yet? ' 

 'no.' 

 'aren't you going to tell him? ' 

 'if I do, he'll try to stop me. I told my aunt and uncle and made them lromised not to tell him' 

 'I thought they were in his favor? ' 

 'I thought so too, but I guess they got a soft spot for me after I stayed with them this long since they had no child of their own' 

 'I'm glad. I hope everything works out well. ' 

 'what about you Kookie, how was the ceremony? Did yoongi cry? ' 

 'no he didn't, but hoseok did. Yoongi seemed like a prisoner who just got his parole. Oh and ' 

 'and????? ' 

 'Tae confessed' 

 'to Hoseok?!?!!!!! ' 

 'yes, it was hilarious!  I Should've filmed it' 

 'he did it in public?!!! ' 

 'yeah bro, in the middle of the bloody ceremony!! Your father was giving his speech and a banner with hoseok's name and a large BE MY BOYFRIEND written on it. 

 Your father was talking with that thing dangling above him for a whole two minutes!!! ' 

 'and what happened???? What did he do??? ' 

 'he didn't notice it I think, he just went on with the speech' 

 'not my father you idiot! Hoseok!! ' 

 'oh, Tae so stupid and clearly didn't plan this well, since HOSEOK BE MY BOYFRIEND was the only thing written on the banner XD we had no idea who wrote it' 

 'hollyshit!!! Tae you idiot! I keep telling him to pay attention to details! ' 

 'anyway, so there was your father talking, while hoseok confused the fuck out of his head looking around him like a target waiting to be shot and the rest of the students avoiding his eyes scared to be accused ' 

 'aaaaaaaaaaaaaand???? OMG Kookie don't leave me hanging! ' 

 'so after the ceremony was over (poor hoseok almost missed his name being called because he was still looking around suspiciously) Tae decided to approach him and tell him his feelings in a cheesy speech that I'm sure he stole from some movie' 

 'damn it I wish I was there to see Hoseok's expression' 

 'oh I was there and I wish I didn't see it' 

 'why? Was he so moved he started doing his cringy crying voices? ' 

 'oh he was PISSED. He slapped Tae as soon as he finished his stolen speech' 

 'what??? Whyyyyyyyyy!! I mean I knew hoseok wasn't showing any interest in Tae but it's not like he was straight! Besides yoongi told me once hoseok DOES like Tae ' 

 'well he was angry with Tae. He gave him a long ass lecture on the damage his stunt could've caused hoseok's graduation and the fact that the banner was still hanged up wasn't making it better, so he made Tae run to the stage and get it down and wrap it.' 

 'poor Tae. I feel so bad for not being there for him. He must've been devastated. He loved hoseok ever since the time he saw the guy. He almost worshiped him. But, at least he tried' 

 'I didn't finish my story telling yet, do not interrupt me or I'll leave the rest to your imagination ' 

 'oh!! I thought that was it!! ' 

 'nope, there's more. The best part' 

 'OMG what? What more happened? Were they caught? ' 

 'it's hard not to get caught when you kiss in the middle of the ceremony hall' 

 'hold on what? Who? How? Who kissed who?! ' 

 'after Taehyung got the banner down it was obvious he was crying. So hoseok walked to him and snatched the banner from his hand while saying it was his to keep and that he shouldn't be crying for getting scolded when he deserved it' 

 'Tae told him he wasn't crying for that. And I swear Hoseok had the most confused look I've ever seen someone make.' 

 'what did Tae do? ' 

 'he apologized for being a nuisance and did a little a speech that I'm sure this time was purely his because we could barely understand what his sentences meant. 

 But I think hoseok spoke his language ' 

 'why? ' 

 'they kissed. Well hoseok kissed Tae. Tae was just frozen then eyes wide open like he'd been bit by a snake' 

 'OMG my Tae's lips are no longer virgins!!!! ' 

 'that was his first kiss? That explains it then' 

 'OMG whajianwkanhsjaianakahaka I need to call him!!!! The asswhole didn't even send me a facebook message to tell me about this!!! ' 

 'I don't think he told anyone, even yoongi seemed surprised and kind of impressed. I think he was too embarrassed and scared we'd judge him over this' 

 'or maybe he was planning to back off at the last minute XD' 

 'that too XD' 

 'but wow, hoseok and Taehyung. Finally. ' 

 'the TaeSeok ship has sailed ' 

 'the what? ' 

 'never mind, it's something Tae came up with' 

 'oh alright then.' 

 'I'm leaving the dorm tomorrow so I better start packing now' 

 'oh that reminds me' 

 'of what? ' 

 'eeeeeeeeeeeeh?! Did you perhaps forget? ' 

 'forget what? ' 

 'our promise. For when summer vacation arrives' 

 'I'm not sure what you're talking about' 

 'TT kookiiiiiiiiiiiie we were supposed to meet and spend the whoooooole summer together! Why did you forget TT don't you miss me?!! ' 

 'you idgit, I didn't forget I was just fooling you
   

So This is the end of this fanfic. I hope you guys liked and enjoyed it ^^

 

Thank you for those who gave it so much kudos in just two days!



I'll to do extra chapters with JiKook, Vhope and Yoongi seperate dates. But I can't promise when that would be ^^"





LOVE YOURSELF



If you're reading this, congratulations you had won a once in a lifetime chance to be yourself. No matter what your color, gender, age, religion, sexuality are, just know that you're not perfect, and there's nothing wrong with that. We all hear perfect this, perfect that. But what is perfect? Perfect by definition is to be completely free from faults and defects, to be as good as it is possible to be. Perfect takes away all your flaws and struggles, the things that made you who you are right now. Embrace your flaws, be proud of the cracks in your skin. They're proof you've had a hard life and you wanted to earn your stay in this world. You're not perfect, and you don't have to be. You're enough the way you are.I pray you all find your happy place on earth, to achieve inner peace and love yourself for who you are. Life is too short to be living in someone else's dream.Love yourself, and love other people. Always try to walk a mile in someone else's shoes before you try to judge them. Treat people how you want to be treated. Only by this, everyone can love themselves and we can contribute in ending Violence. #EndViolence #LoveMyself #LoveYourselfI just wanted to say thank you to everyone here taking from their precious time to read my fanfic. I really love you all and your comments, though as silly as they might be, are at times the only reason I hold on. I know loving yourself is the hardest thing to do especially when you are surrounded by hatred and negativity all the time. So let's all try to be the ray of sunshine in our surroundings, let's be the hope to others until he can all proudly say:I survived, BTS helped me survive, and I made them proud by helping other people survive. I may not have the words to heal your wounds, but I have an open mind and a heart ready to brace anyone who's in need of someone to listen.I love you all.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



