



The Choice - EdenExquise - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

The Choice
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16832173.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Fantasy, Supernatural Elements, Romance, Angst, Humor, Crack, Life discourses, Established Relationship, References to Drugs, Suicidal Thoughts, (past and brief but the allusion is there)
Series:
Part 5 of
Until Dawn
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-03
          Completed: 2018-12-22
          Chapters: 3/3
        Words: 25252
      

The Choice
by EdenExquise
Summary
Local Supernatural Gang Goes to Dubai. Djinn Member has an Epiphany.
Notes
I was stubborn to post SOMETHING at least for Jin's birthday but not strong enough to actually finish it. Second part will be up this week though. (I hope)Warnings for cheesy tropes and bad jokes. Either way, a very very happy birthday to our chaotic legendary king Kim Seokjin. I bow down to him and I am nothing short of proud to share my birthday with him (well, close enough - mine's on the 5th) but regardless, I'm honored and what better way to celebrate it, than to make both of us suffer. quid pro quo fucker this one's jin centric obviously, but with jin also comes namjoon so my fellow shippers - breathe in that angst anyway enjoy! (and will edit later so excuse the idiocracies here and there)




The One



“It’s my birthday soon.”Yoongi, Hoseok, and Namjoon all look up from the scrolls they’ve been pouring over at the sudden announcement.Jin is strolling in, golden oversized shirt and earrings to match fluttering flamboyantly. Namjoon notes that it must be a casual day for him.Hoseok slaps his forehead like he just remembered. “You have a birth day?” he asks with a faux-incredulity.“No, Hoseok, I was conceived from the shine of constellations and raised from diamond dust at the first hour of the winter solstice,” Jin informs factually, gracefully plopping down on the chair in front of the table, legs crossing over each other with flair. Namjoon notes the alligator-skin imitation pants and realizes the Djinn is in his pajamas.Hoseok squints his eyes at Jin. “I somehow have no trouble believing that.”Jin waves a dismissive hand through the still air of Yoongi’s lab. “Semantics. As I was saying mortals and Namjoonie, 4th of December marks my materialization into this world and I’d like to celebrate as deserved.”“It’s been a century, hasn’t it?” Namjoon asks, though he knows the answer.Jin only celebrates his birthday every 100 years because he doesn’t like the numbers otherwise – therefore counting a century as a year. Following that law, Jin is to turn 26 in a few days.It’s a very Jin decision, but at the same time Namjoon had been surprised when he first heard about it, because the Djinn lives and breathes for parties. He was confused enough to ask about it and Jin had said that he parties on the weekly as it is – no need to celebrate his days getting shorter too.Namjoon hadn’t even had the strength in him to point out the immortal side of things and let Jin have his dramatics instead.Regardless, Jin treats them every year, but not without threats of shutting up about it and not mentioning the date. Namjoon especially always gets him something as well, under the pretense that it’s mere coincidence that the dates aligned – insists that he just happened to stumble upon this trinket or that shawl and he got it because he was sure Jin would like it.Jin’s effort to hide his smile and giddiness is always worth the repercussions that follow.But as more time passed, Namjoon also discovered that despite his vibrant exterior, Jin is actually a very private person. He matured into being secretive and cautious.For one, he doesn’t have a home to call his – except ‘the vast grounds we call Earth’. That of course, is not true. Because Jin doesn’t have one home, but several – spread around the world, luxurious as one would expect of Jin, either well-hidden or put on flashy display.But with his infinite years ahead of him, Jin could never really stay just in one place. Always had to move and erase his traces. The novelty of immortality isn’t as magical and carefree as perceived. If anything, it’s quite the opposite.It’s a life of secrecy and cautiousness. It’s never making friends nor lovers for the long term. It’s sticking by your own kin and being chained to witnessing the world die and raise again.It’s maddening sometimes and Namjoon himself has gotten intimately familiar with it.But even this curse or blessing – however one wants to look at it – can easily come to an end. As it is, every being has its weakness, and even as immortals (Jimin included) they can also cease to exist in their own ways.For Jimin as a vampire it’s a werewolf’s bite – poisonous to them and unresponsive to their healing abilities. Namjoon is reminded briefly by the irony of his and Jeongguk’s relationship and involuntarily winces. But other than that, vampires are also susceptible to holy objects and extreme damage – such as taking their hearts out or decapitating them.For Jin it’s the stupidest thing, but traditionalist in its ways – a silver knife drenched in lamb blood. But over time, as knowledge, alchemy, and other magic branched out, creatures who wish Djinns any harm have also developed various potions against them, but Namjoon is pretty sure those don’t really have much effect other than weakening them.As for himself, Namjoon is still very much human in spite of his endless days. In the same vein as the elven race, he can live forever unless there’s bodily harm brought to him – something beyond what magic can repair in the blink of an eye.All things considered, Jin is doing pretty well. Enjoys his life at its fullest and Namjoon has an inkling he would never change that. Unlike himself.“It’s been a century indeed and I want something special for this year,” Jin says decisively.Namjoon smiles, ready to grant whatever wishes the Djinn might have. “What did you have in mind, Jinnie?”Jin looks at him like he grew two extra heads. “What? No surprise party?”Yoongi snorts, folding up the scrolls. No use continuing now. “Shit guys. We’ve been compromised,” he deadpans.“Cancel the mariachi,” Hoseok eggs on in the same manner.“I have ungrateful friends,” Jin sighs resigned. “I’m not taking either of you anymore, except Namjoonie. He respects me at least.”The three look up confused at that.“Take us where?” Namjoon probes, squinting his eyes into thin skepticism.Seokjin’s eyes fall on his fingers then and he seems to be inspecting his rings with high interest. He taps his fingers against his knee a few times and it’s then that the other three figure it out.Jin seems nervous.Which promptly triggers all of them to be just as shifty.He eventually clears his throat and meets the other’s eyes in turn. “We’ve known each other for a long time, haven’t we?”Yoongi, Hoseok, and Namjoon are all standing with mirrored crossed arms and expectant brows.Jin rubs at his nape and Namjoon almost jumps over the table to sooth his misplaced nervousness.  He holds himself back at Yoongi impatiently tapping his foot.It gets Jin going in the same subdued voice, but there’s a certain eager lilt to it. “Despite how annoying all of you are on a good day, I figured it would be high time that I showed you my roots. My origins.” A deep breath. “I wanna go home for my birthday this year and I want all of you to come with me.”There’s stunned silence drenching the room in various states of equal surprise and thickening fondness. They all know what this must mean to Seokjin.Hoseok’s the first one to gather his bearings. “Are you seriously planning on taking us to the Arabian Desert?” he asks with glimmering eyes.Jin’s humbleness melts away rapidly. “Yes, Hoseok, I’ll drop all of you in the middle of the desert and leave you there to fend for yourselves.”“Awfully sarcastic today, aren’t you?” Hoseok mutters under his breath.Jin acts deaf to it all, a renewed confidence burning on his tongue. “I wanna bring all of you to Dubai. It’s where I spent the first few centuries of my childhood and my family still lives there. The place is dear to me and I would like for all of you to experience it.”“Jinnie…are you sure about this?” Namjoon can’t help but ask.Because going to Dubai is more than just seeing the place – Jin just said that he wants them to meet his family and that’s…that’s grand simply put. Jin has always been careful even with just mentioning his family and that’s not even because of trust issues – it’s just him being accustomed to secrecy and to protecting his roots. Jin doesn’t trust anyone with it and Namjoon is just a bit (a whole lot) dumbstruck that he would even consider taking their group to his family. It makes Namjoon’s chest expand with so much affection, his eyes are nearly dampening at the implications.But Jin’s expression is nothing short of bright and open, a decisive resolve there. “Ah. It’s been a long time coming.”    More planning goes into it than expected.The younger ones got the news on the same day, but no grand speech went into it. Not that they’re not just as important, but the three aren’t as familiar with Jin’s delicate take on his past as the oldest are and quite frankly, the Djinn didn’t feel like getting emotional two times in one year.As such, he sent them each a text without much preamble. “Dubai on the 3rd of December. Bring gifts and do not embarrass me,” it’s all that it warned.Transportation was easily settled thankfully, courtesy of Yoongi and his portals. Jin announced his family promptly and everyone had been over the moon to have their son come home for his birthday, even more so joined by his best friends. They started making arrangements the moment Jin ended the call, he was sure. That usually included a supermarket’s worth of food, the most exquisite beverages, musicians brought from gods know where, and flower arrangements more expensive than a small wedding.Jin is looking forward to it.With a stuttering heart and with his fingertips tingling with excitement – he is truly looking forward to it.But then 3rd of December rolls around and all of the excitement gets clouded by volatile worry and thorny nerves.Jin’s not particularly patient, calm, nor level-headed as it is, but the day the seven of them meet up at Yoongi and Hoseok’s to make their leave, everyone’s welcomed by a hurricane of reminders, warnings, threats, shouts, and general hysteria.Namjoon should have seen it coming.“And listen, I don’t care if you hate coffee – I’m looking at you Jeongguk – each of you is to drink at least two cups – it’s only polite and I will not have my family be offended cause Jeongguk here has sensitive taste buds. Taehyung, I’m eyeing that skimpy outfit and you better have something that’s more than a scrap in that oversized luggage. Jimin, I don’t wanna see you down our whole cellar of highly potent drinks on the first night. No, wait, on a second thought – do not drink at all. As for you, Yoongi, you better not fucking get into any sort of beef with our very old very important elders over gender politics. You know what, scratch that, try not talking at all if possible. And you, Hoseok, I don’t even wanna catch sight of your fingers even twitching to engage into any sort of skinship, and yes, that’s including hugs.”“Breathe, Jin-ah,” Namjoon advises lightly.“I’m sending his gift back,” Hoseok mumbles under his breath, but he’s resigned. He has an inkling Yoongi thinks the same from his side.“Yah, how come Namjoon doesn’t get dragged like the rest of us,” Taehyung huffs petulantly, hugging his bare arms in self-consciousness.Jimin doesn’t even bat an eyelash from next to him – keeps on sipping on his vodka-infused blood like Jin didn’t just threaten him into kingdom come. Jeongguk falls behind him at the reprimand, but his eyes are narrowed defensively. Jin turns slowly to Taehyung, shooting vicious daggers at him. “Because Namjoon has manners, unlike you gremlins who manage to break shit even during our innocent movie nights,” he says pointedly with literal flickers of fire sparking up in his eyes.Namjoon sighs wearily, but he splays his hand on Jin’s shoulder. “Jin, I understand this must be very nerve-wracking for you, and we’re all honored beyond words that you trust us enough to extend the invitation in the first place.” He pauses briefly to pinpoint the others with an insistent stare to agree with him. “But you have nothing to worry about. I know we can be a handful sometimes, but I’m sure we’re all gonna be on our best behaviors.” Another insistent stare. “We’re all aware of the weight of both of your gesture and the implications of it. We wouldn’t dare ruin this. Trust us with this, please. Or at least me? Trust me?”Jin cracks his neck and exhales deeply through his nose. He licks his lips like he’s about to retaliate, but he ultimately nods his head. “Okay. Yeah. Okay, it’s gonna be fine,” he reassures himself. “I’m sorry, it’s just – I just want my family to be accepting of you, guys. I get a bit…intense when I’m nervous,” he confesses apologetically, catching up with his own rash behavior.Hoseok is amused – he never gets to see this side of the haughty Djinn and it’s another kind of pleasure to see him squirm like this. “Yah, come on, Jin. Have more faith in us. We’re not toddlers – we know how to act in a more proper setting. Besides, we’ve already met Jimin’s coven – doubt this is worse. No offence, buddy,” he throws to the vampire who proceeds to raise his glass in cheers and down it in agreement. “And hey, all things considered, what’s the worst thing that can happen, am I right?” Hoseok asks, still tickled with hilarity.Jin presses his lips, rolling his eyes skyward and letting them glued to the warlocks’ very extravagant chandelier. “Well, you can all get publicly executed for not using your right hand to greet someone,” he says lightly.  Deathly astonishment stares back at him.Namjoon huffs. “He’s joking. It’s a joke, guys. Taehyung stop holding your breath, you’re already on land as it is, for Devil’s sake.”Jimin pats him on the back harder than needed, as Yoongi steps up to Jin. “Alright, let’s stop wasting time. Focus on the location of your home,” he tells him as he extends his arms. “Hold my hands and I’ll hone in into your memories.”Jin takes one last big gulp of breath and clasps Yoongi’s hands in between his. Namjoon’s presence is comforting behind him, his hand warm on the small of his back.Hoseok’s hand curls around Yoongi’s elbow, Jimin and Jeongguk’s own hands pressed on the white warlock’s back. Taehyung grabs his heavy bag and positions himself next to Namjoon, hand enveloping the priest’s forearm.Hoseok looks around at everyone and frowns. “Yoongi, you should take turns. We’re too many. It will take a lot of effort,” he says worriedly.Yoongi only closes his eyes, ignoring it with the exception of a grunt. He sinks into the depths of his being, concentrating on drawing up enough power to transport all of them to such a lengthy distance.It’s a feat, Hoseok’s right, but it’s doable. And truthfully, he’s too lazy to make more trips.The portal materializes behind them, bigger than usual and Yoongi’s already starting to sweat.“Move,” he grunts out, already stepping towards it, with everyone clinging to each other following him.Taehyung can’t help but whine. “Am I gonna get car sick? You know I’m sensible to motion.”Hoseok snorts. “Well then, you better steel your stomach, Taehyungie. This is gonna be like plummeting to the ground from a 100th story skyscraper, lighting speed and spinning all the while.”Taehyung doesn’t get to even stare horrified as they’re sucked in.   Dubai is magnificent.Even with Taehyung’s vomiting somewhere in the background, Dubai is still imposing and grand and shiny.“It’s hot,” it’s the first thing Jimin complains about as the portal behind them snaps shut.“Maybe if you didn’t wear black in 26 degrees it wouldn’t be so hot,” Jeongguk retaliates, but there’s no real accusation behind it. He’s doing just as bad with his own black hoodie.“You idiots seriously expected winter in Dubai?” Jin reprimands lightly, but he’s too distracted to properly scold them. He unclasps his hands from Yoongi’s and twists around, eyes getting adjusted to the bright sun as he tries to make sense of where they actually landed.Because this sure as hell doesn’t look like his family’s villa, nor their grounds. “Yoongi, I think your aim was a bit off,” he comments.The dark warlock is wheezing, hands on his knees as he tries to catch his breath. Hoseok comes behind him and rubs between his shoulder blades with a scowl on his face. “What did I say? You went overboard again and you know I hate being right. You should sit down,” he instructs gently.Yoongi waves him off. “’m fine,” he manages to get out between gasps.Hoseok narrows his eyes. “Fine my ass- ““Jin, where are we?” Namjoon is quick to ask, his own eyes taking in the scenery. It looks like a park – if parks had dozens of fountains, skyscrapers peppered casually here and there, and people hurriedly strolling around looking like they peeled themselves right off the pages of expensive magazines. He can see the main street on their right, loud honking and street vendors shouting echoing back at them.“We’re in a park,” Jin says intelligently, but he’s frowning as he turns to the two warlocks. “Yah, Min Yoongi, I was thinking of our gardens, not the central park,” he accuses.Yoongi promptly flips him off. “Well excuse me for not knowing how your damn garden looks like. I asked of you to think of your home, not its surroundings.”“As if I would want a portal forming in the middle of our living room,” the Djinn shoots back high pitched.Namjoon pinches the bridge of his nose. “Are we far then?”Jin squints around them again. “Not really…we could take a cab but with the traffic here we’re gonna be late for dinner.”Taehyung’s still heaving and his eyes are watery from his stomach being turned inside out. “Listen, I’ll take a darn cab, I don’t care, but please don’t make me go through a portal again.”“As if I’m letting Yoongi make another one,” Hoseok clips, leaving no room for debate.Jimin’s calmly folding the sleeves of his shirt up. “Can we take a metro? You guys have metros right?”Jin gasps offended. “Are you implying we take common transportation?”“Jin, please. Do you wanna get home in time for dinner or not?” Namjoon points out wearily.“Oh gods, it’s been one minute and things are already going sideways,” Jin laments, but he relents with a heavy exhale. “Fine. Let’s take your damn metro.”Taehyung sighs relieved.   “Our son is finally home,” his mother gushes as soon as their servants open the entrance door. She rushes to them, blue veils fluttering behind her with grace. His father and brother follow close behind with equal wide smiles.“Mother,” Jin greets, bowing to the waist. “It’s been a long time.”“Oh, stop it with these pleasantries. Come give your mother a hug,” she says mirthfully, pulling her taller son into her arms.Jin stumbles a bit at her force, but he’s fast to envelop her frame between his arms and burry his face into her long hair, inhaling her familiar scent. He feels at ease just like that. “I’ve missed you, mom,” he says just for her ears to hear.But she’s laughing almost wetly, belting out, “I missed you too, my son. You never come visit us nowadays. You’re too busy for your family, aren’t you?”Jin has the decency of looking guilty as he steps out of the embrace. He cups her cheek and smiles with just a bit of shame. “I’m sorry, mother. I have no excuses.”The woman shakes her long locks. “Let’s not talk about that now. Don’t leave our guests waiting, where are your manners?” she scolds turning to the others. “Everyone, come in, come in, don’t be shy,” she invites the other six in warmly.The others are just a bit wide eyed, not knowing what to focus on – Jin’s jovial mother who’s clearly the culprit behind his beautiful features and extravagant persona, the grand house around them, the servants crowding around them to take their bags and coats, a few other already offering them drinks, or Jin looking humbler than they’ve ever seen him.  Namjoon steps up to the family of three, extending his greeting with a deep bow. “Thank you for welcoming us into your home. It’s an honor for all of us to be here. I’m Kim Namjoon.”Jin’s mother looks completely taken with his charm, her black lined eyes glimmering with excitement. “Ah, the pleasure is all ours, priest,” she says.“You know of me?” he asks taken aback.Her husband laughs with a certain fatherly gruff. “Why of course, young man. We know about all of you. Jin talks at length about you. Or should I say – whines at length?” he asks with a teasing lilt.Jin scoffs embarrassed. “Father, I am merely joking.”The man chuckles as he takes in each of them, before ultimately settling on Jimin. “You must be the vampire.”Jimin laughs delightedly, bowing. “Ah. It was the eyes that gave it away, wasn’t it? Park Jimin, of the Park coven,” he introduces himself fully.  Jin’s father hums. “Your elegant black attire was very telling as well, I have to admit. You don’t see young people dress like that these days.”Jeongguk snorts under his breath, but Jimin elbows him promptly for being rude.The man shakes his head at the antics. He’d missed the company of young creatures. His eyes remain on Jeongguk. “A werewolf. You’re the youngest, aren’t you? Jeongguk, was it?”Jeongguk stares in shock. “Yeah, that’s me. How did you-?”“You were sniffing at the air the moment you stepped into our house,” he informs amused.Jeongguk makes himself smaller. “Oh, sorry. Force of habit,” he excuses himself embarrassed.“Ah, don’t worry about it, my boy. I do hope our house is to your liking though. My wife here likes to burn incense and candles everywhere. Can’t be easy on your sensitive nose.”“It’s quite alright. It smells nice,” Jeongguk reassures, though his eyes are almost watering from the amount of incense.The father smirks like he can read his mind before turning to Taehyung. “You’re the siren of the group. Even if it weren’t for the gills on your neck, I would recognize eyes like that anywhere. Hypnotizing creatures the lot of you.”Taehyung nods proudly. “Literally. It’s nice to meet all of you. I’m Kim Taehyung,” he says with his own bow, the shawls around his shoulders falling around him.The parents share a look of awe. They’ve never quite seen a siren before and they’re stunning creatures up close. “Pleasure is all ours,” the mother insists.“Ah, and of course, that leaves the two warlocks,” the father booms in the same awe.Yoongi and Hoseok are both quick to let their heads bow. “White and dark magic respectively, Sir, at your service,” Yoongi presents them politely in turn.The man nods. “Indeed – Yoongi and Hoseok, the pride of your clans I’m sure.”Hoseok’s surprised at that. “You know our clans?”Jin’s mother smiles mysteriously. “We’re quite close and we have a few connections. We know of your reputations and we’re nothing short of proud that you’re in Jinnie’s circle of friends.”“Mom,” Jin whines annoyed. “Don’t tell them that. It’s gonna get to their heads.”His brother throws an arm around him then, “Still a loser I see,” he says, ruffling the younger’s hair.“Kim Seokjung, get your hands off of me right this instant,” Jin bites back, getting the man in a headlock that betrays his glee to see his brother again.Jung yelps, but he’s quick to coil a leg around his brother’s and they proceed to wrestle it out.Their mother sighs. “Boys, we have guests,” she tries.Their father chuckles good-naturedly. “Anyway, I’m sure you all must be tired. Portals are not easy feat either. Allow our people to bring you each to your rooms, where you can freshen up before dinner. I hope you’re all hungry. We have something special for everyone,” he promises before turning to Jin. “Son? We’d like to have a word with you before dinner.”Jin nods diligently from under Jung's armpit. “Of course, father.”The servants begin escorting them upstairs, as Taehyung leans in to whisper to Jimin and Jeongguk, “I’m sorry, but I stopped listening after he said we each get our own room and that’s including you two. Uhm yeah, imagine actually sleeping at night?  This is the best vacation ever.”Jimin elbows him sharply. “Don’t make me cause you motion sickness again,” he warns.Taehyung shrugs. “Guess who can sleep it off in silence,” he hollers as he starts bounding up the stairs before Jimin can make a move.Jeongguk watches unimpressed. “He is aware we share anyway, right?”“Let him have it.”  Namjoon doesn’t have an awful lot to unpack, and his ivory tunic adorned with green and golden embroideries is already hugging his shoulders. So he takes the offered time before dinner to admire the view from his balcony. It’s a nice breeze outside and evening’s taking over slowly. The sun is still hot at the cusp of the horizon and the air lacks any humidity, which makes it a nice kind of heat. Namjoon would be content to just sit here the whole night and enjoy the summer-like atmosphere.There’s a sudden knock on his door and the priest turns surprised towards it, doubting anyone would seek him out just before dinner.Regardless, he calls out a curious, “Come in,” and it’s Jin that steps in. His face is neutral and it gives Namjoon enough of a hint that he’s being guarded.It makes him frown in immediate concern as he walks up to him, meeting the Djinn halfway right in front of the bed.“Jin-ah, is everything okay?” he asks as soon as the silence demands for it. He hovers a hand above his shoulder, because he isn’t sure if the situation calls for it. Jin seems shifty.“How are you?” the Djinn asks in lieu of an answer.Namjoon’s eyebrows shoot up, but he replies for the sake of playing along at Jin’s pace. “I’m great. This place is truly amazing. And your family – they’re very nice. Come to think of it, I don’t even know what you were so worried about,” the priests adds in a lighter tone.It makes the Djinn chuckle softly. “They’re great, aren’t they?”Namjoon nods with a gentle smile. “They are. How are you feeling? Everything going to your liking so far?”And it’s then that Jin swallows thickly, eyes running to the carpet underneath their feet. “I missed them greatly,” is what he offers.Namjoon presses his lips, sensing the conflict on the tip of his tongue, but he lets the Djinn continue.“I just wanted – I came here – you – we’ve been – “Jin frowns annoyed at himself then. He can’t find his words. He’s stumbling over his sentences like a damn child, but he never thought he’d be put in this position.Namjoon of course notices the strain on his face and his worry only spikes up. “Jin, hey, is everything okay?” And this time he does let his hand curl around Jin’s shoulder.Jin sags under it, but the tension doesn’t completely leave his body. He wills his thoughts into some sort of order and takes a deep breath. “I just wanted to tell you something. Before we go back out there. This might be the only time we actually get to be alone. Trust me, it’s gonna be chaos from now on,” he says with a ghost of amusement, but it’s bitter.   Namjoon doesn’t quite catch that hint, so he tries to smile. “I didn’t expect anything less of the Kim family.”Jin sighs. “Indeed. Listen. I just – you’re…dear to me. All of you are,” he’s quick to add, but Namjoon’s heart gallops all the same. “I know I complain a lot, but the six of you…you’re the closest thing I have other than my family, and I never say enough how much I care and appreciate you – “Heart stuck in his throat at the sudden direction the conversation is going in, Namjoon can’t help himself but jump in, “Jin, you’re scaring me. Why are you talking like that? Like this is goodbye. What’s going on?” he tries to chuckle nervously, but he can feel his lungs constricting already.Jin squares his shoulders, but the way he wrings his fingers gives away his heavy heart. “It’s not goodbye,” he says, but it sounds like a lie to his own ears. “All that I wanted you to know, you Namjoon,” he emphasizes, “is that I didn’t want this. Not one second. Not ever. But – I love my family.”Namjoon makes to interrupt him again, but Jin talks over him with a tremble in his voice that the priest never witnessed before. “Namjoon, above all else, I wanted to thank you. For everything that you did for me and for…for everything that you made me feel. And always always remember this: you’ll always be the one.”Namjoon is frantic, has no idea what’s going on, but he can feel his heart slowly cracking and his blood rapidly turning to ice. “The one…?” he can only parrot back mindless and wide eyed, and fearful.Jin smiles then – small but honest – and nods. “The one.”He leans forward and Namjoon is too frozen to react to the peck on his cheek. It’s warm and it lingers.But then Jin gives him one last sad smile and turns around, resolutely walking out of the room and leaving Namjoon behind, dumbstruck and above all else, petrified.   Dinner is something none of them have experienced outside the screen of a Hollywoodian movie.The Kim family is clearly traditionalist to their very bones. It’s in the handmade carpets adorning the floors, in the numerous candles strewn around, in the lingering smell of freshly roasted coffee, and in the century old, albeit restored, furniture. The Korean influences are there as well, a clear testimony of Jin’s parents' decedent.But most of all, it’s in their customs. They’re guided to take a seat on the various shaped fluffy pillows on the floor, a grand feast in the middle of it all. In the corner of the vast room, there’s a small stage set up and an old looking man is peacefully drumming away at a derbake. The servants attending to them – though Jin explained to them that they are not servants in the true meaning of the word, but rather orphaned creatures that found solace under the wing of his parents, who cater to the family’s needs out of their own volition – are pleasant and welcoming, each guest seeming to have been appointed one. They bring carafes of wine and other beverages, bowls of fruits and sweets, and the coffee Jeongguk’s been threatened with.The Kim parents are sited at the end of the makeshift table, with their two sons bracketing them.The room is drenched in gold and other precious stones – rubies, sapphires, and emeralds, etched to every corner of the cozy room and even interwoven through the long shawls cascading from the ceiling, secured from one corner to the other.    It’s all mirage like and Namjoon wonders briefly how much of it comes from honest hard work, and how much of it comes from magic.But it’s none of his business. Jin’s father clears his throat imposingly and everyone at the table turns their attention to him. He raises his glass high and taps it with a spoon. “Everyone,” he calls out. “I’d like to have a toast.”The room falls silent and expectant, with joyful smiles curling wine stained lips and glasses raised up eagerly.“Tomorrow is our son’s birthday and it brings us only pure happiness that he chose to spend it with us this year. We’re just as excited that he brought his close friends with him. So, to you my boys,” he says, turning to the six, “we welcome you with open arms into our family and thank you for having the courage of befriending my son. He’s certainly an acquired taste,” he admits teasingly.  Everyone laughs at that, Hoseok slapping Jin on the back from next to him. “So we weren’t the crazy ones,” he attests.Jin smiles tight-lipped, busying himself with his glass so his lack of any reaction doesn’t tip anyone off. He’s also making an effort to not meet Namjoon’s worried gaze.But the rest don’t seem to notice anything off, too distracted by his father’s antics.“Tonight is just a prelude for tomorrow, so everyone, please enjoy it while it lasts, sit back and relax, and help yourselves to your liking. Let’s spend this time together to its fullest and lets enjoy each other’s companies. Cheers!”The room shouts back their own agreements before downing their drinks with gusto.They fall into easy chatter afterwards – passing food and carafes between each other, the lulling of the live music accompanying the high-spirited atmosphere.Yoongi dabs a napkin against the corners of his lips before turning to Jin’s father. “Excuse me for introducing what’s perhaps a serious topic to such a festive table, but I’m curious.”  Hoseok rolls his eyes. “Here we go,” he mutters.But Jin’s father nods enthusiastically. “Curiosity is meant to be quenched, Yoongi. Please, I insist,” he encourages with a wave of his hand to go on.Yoongi latches to his glass in thought. “Djinns are fascinating to me – you are fascinating to me. You’re one of the most powerful beings who not only still exist, but who also still walk in such great numbers, in spite of the fact that you’re ancient. No offence, but you are literally ancient.”Jin’s father laughs bodily, hand clasping at his belly with pride. “You’re right, young warlock. Our numbers are great and our power inestimable. But your answer is just as simple – humans.”Yoongi can’t help the confused stare. “Excuse my slowness – humans?”Jin’s mother nods with a confident sort of bashfulness. “Humans,” she confirms mystically.Jung rolls his eyes, “You’ll have to excuse my parents – they enjoy being unnecessarily mysterious,” he says with his hands waving ridiculously around him for emphasis. It makes Taehyung laugh hard enough to topple his glass over.Yoongi watches it with a blank expression.But Seokjung clears his throat, bringing his attention back on him. “As deities and even other supernatural beings – most of you probably have the same thing – humans either believe in you or they don’t. Back in the day, it’s what birthed some of us and what brought the end to others. But what came first? The Gods for humans to believe in, or the humans to create the Gods in their constant search and need for a higher power? No one really knows, but what it is known, is that humans give us power with their faith.”Hoseok snaps his head to Yoongi without meaning to. The latter is stubborn enough to not return the stare.They both know they’re thinking the same thing.
Azealia. 
Yoongi confirms it, “It’s true. White warlocks especially, it is believed they were born from human faith. The fact that they’re nearly extinct by now… it’s a testimony of it and of the fall of human morality.”Jung nods in agreement, going on, “People seldom engage into purely religious rituals nowadays – just for the good of it, you know? But they never stopped feeding into the novelty of spirits, especially those who bring them satisfaction. Us Djinns, our history is not something that we are proud of – we started out as catering to desires spawning from the Seven Deadly Sins – used to fulfill human wishes that were born from Greed, Lust, Sloth, you name it. And it brought us satisfaction as well – their souls did at least. Anyway, as it was, people believed in that, people wanted to believe in that. And they still do is the thing. Simply put, Yoongi-ssi, we still exist because humans want us to exist.”Yoongi nods in understanding, as a contemplative kind of silence settles over the table. It’s not heavy, but there’s a sudden awareness coiling around them, making them think of their own origins and kin.Jimin is the first one to break it. “What excuse do Evil creatures like us have then?” he asks pointing to himself and to Yoongi. The warlock doesn’t necessarily have Evil in him, but his magic is of the dark kind after all. “My coven is big and we’re strong, but we offer nothing to the humans.”Jin’s father watches him closely, intertwining his fingers under his chin wisely. “Unlike Yoongi and Hoseok, you’re not spiritual beings, Jimin. You’re creatures. Mutations of nature, as a lot of voices call you. Vampires don’t strive on prayers, but on fear. For Djinns it’s granting wishes, but for vampires is the novel idea of monsters. Folk have taken to telling scary stories about monsters under their blankets or by a fire for centuries. It’s a habit of theirs,” he tsks, seeming to question the sanity of humans. “It goes the same for werewolves, sirens, faes, leprechauns, and so on and so forth. You inspire their imagination, and while that’s not the root of your powers, it certainly does help.”“I never believed in monsters,” Namjoon speaks up all of a sudden, eyes stuck on his own glass of wine. “I was a young priest back then. I believed but in my God and in the sins that darkened the people’s hearts. I believed in a good and in a bad.”“What happened, dear?” Jin’s mother asks curiously, but patiently.Namjoon shrugs, closing his eyes as if trying to replay the events of the day. “God proved to be nothing but a fable, while Evil proved to be real. Tangible. Right there. It’s what took away my life, but what also gave me a new one.”It’s a vague description for everyone, except for his friends. But even they don’t know all of it, Namjoon knows, but he can’t bring himself to talk about it. Not now, not ever again.But that wasn’t the point he was trying to make. “People don’t need to see Evil nor Good to believe in it. It’s an active decision – a choice. I chose to believe in a God, and it did me no good. Other people worshiped the Devil and they went on to have a happy life. Our lives are given to us, but we have no control over it. What happens…it just happens,” he ends simply and proceeds to down his wine somberly.Everyone can do nothing more but to agree with that. There’s no debate about it. There’s always the discourse of making your own path, but fate is fate. What’s meant to be is meant to be.The mood is slightly dampened, but Taehyung makes an effort to lift it up. “Sirens drown humans for fun, yet they still think of us as fairytales. So whenever you feel dumb, just think about that.”  It works minimally, a faint burst of chuckles echoing through the room.“Anyway,” Jimin begins, in his own effort to lighten up everyone’s spirits. “I think we can all agree that humans aren’t the smartest ones out there. How can they talk about vampires as ethereally beautiful creatures, and instead of worshipping us, they hunt us down with stakes.”Jeongguk’s tongue is a bit loose from the wolfsbane laced liquor, so he finds no restraint in his promise. “I’ll always worship you, Jimin-ah. You don’t need humans when you have me.”Jimin’s eyebrows shoot up before they dart to Jin’s parents in a brief panic. As kind and welcoming as they are, Jimin’s not sure they’d be just as accepting of same gender relationships. Not with how traditionalist they seem to be.Jeongguk pouts, clueless to it all. “What? What did I say?” he whines quietly when everyone, especially Jimin, ignores him.But then both of Jin’s parents burst into laughter. “Oh, you two are together? Excuse the looks of shock, but we had no idea,” his mother confesses mirthfully.Jimin nods slowly. “Ah. I hope it brings no offence to your views,” he shyly dares. Jimin wouldn’t give a shit generally, but these are Jin’s parents and he wouldn’t want to create tension.Jin’s mother is quick to wave him off. “Of course not dear. How could you think like that. We’re not savages. Love is love,” she reassures.Jin’s father nods in complete agreement. “Must be strong love too – a werewolf and a vampire. How brave of the two of you.”Jimin smiles, feeling encouraged to seek Jeongguk’s hand and to look at him lovingly. “I wouldn’t call myself brave, no. I am merely following my heart’s desires.”“And that takes courage, my boy, trust me. For how long?” Jin’s father asks genuinely interested.Jeongguk grins proudly. “73 years and 6 months. 2 weeks. 5 days. 14 hou-“Jimin chuckles. “They got it, pup.”Jin’s father whistles impressed. “That’s a human life time, kids. And you didn’t tie the knot yet?”Taehyung snorts quietly into his cake. “Knot.”Jimin tries not to make him choke on said cake, but he’s too taken aback by the question as it is. “Oh, uhm, well, we’re still young. We didn’t really – “Jin’s mother is the one to interrupt him with a graceful huff. “Non-sense, darling. The unity of marriage is sacred. And you’re lucky to have found someone to love in the first place. You get to choose and yet, you still don’t make the step? After so many years? What’s holding you back?”Jimin finds himself at a loss of words, Jeongguk just as put on the spot as him.They never talked about it.Not in the serious sense.They both know they’re It for each other, but talking about marriage…that’s always been too much.They have too many responsibilities to attend to, too many political problems to face even with their relationship at the moment.They’re still young.They have all the time in the world to get to that.Jimin feels highly uncomfortable, not knowing how to address a topic that even him and Jeongguk haven’t discussed seriously yet.Thankfully, Jin, who has been surprisingly quiet this far, is the one to save them from imminent mortification. “Mother, let them be. It’s their private life. Love is not something to be forced upon someone. Even less marriage,” he says pointedly.The table falls silent at that, and his mother looks guilty.But his father not so much. “Seokjin, you say love is not something to be forced upon someone, and I agree. But let me ask you this – let me ask everyone this, “he regards everyone with a sudden grave look. “Is love a feeling or a choice?”Hoseok and Taehyung both perk up at that, answering at the same time, “It’s a feeling.”The father smiles tight-lipped, pinning Jimin with a leveled stare. “What does the one who’s been in such a long term relationship think?”Jimin licks his lips, eyes finding Jeongguk’s again. “It’s…love is a feeling, yes. But it’s not enough to keep a relationship alive. Love becomes a conscious choice after a while. It’s a choice to keep fighting for it. To never give it up. Even when…even when the whole world is against it. Even when you are against it. Even when you know the other is better off without you. Even if sometimes things get so rough to the point of losing hope. But you still fight for it. You choose to fight for it.” He turns his gaze back on Jin’s father before the sudden amalgam of feelings get the better of him. “Love is a choice,” Jimin concludes.Jin’s father nods in approval, crossing his arms satisfied as he regards his son again. “See, Seokjin? Love is a choice at the end of the day. How do you think your mother and I made it through so many centuries together?”Jin stubbornly glares at his hands, but his father goes on. “How do you think arranged marriages are so successful? Because they’re a choice.”The very specific topic brings everyone to a halt.Namjoon straightens up, eyes shifting to Jin desperately.But Jin doesn’t look at him, doesn’t look at anyone. He just clutches at his pants, breathing shallowly. “Ah. But it’s not my choice.”His eyes find Namjoon’s then.And they’re filled with a heavy apology and a bitter sorrow.   “No. No, hell no. No, I refuse to believe we’re dealing with this. Are you fucking kidding me? An arranged marriage? In this economy?”Yoongi sighs. “Hoseok, calm down. No one’s forcing you into marrying someone you didn’t even meet yet,” he tries to placate, but he’s just as pissed off.  “No, but he’s right. This is insane,” Jeongguk barrels on. “It’s not right. At all.”Jimin rests his face into his hands from his spot on Namjoon’s bed. He feels guilty.He just – he agreed to it without knowing what point Jin’s father was trying to make.Jimin had no idea his father was trying to use his own words as an argument for Jin’s arranged marriage.
Arranged marriage.

What the hell.
Needless to say, dinner was ruined after that.Not visibly so, but the six of them had one of those moments of telepathic agreement that they need to get out of there.  They excused themselves that they’re tired and fled to Namjoon’s room, because out of all of them, he seemed to be the one in need of assistance to even get out of his seat.But they all know the real reason.Jin stayed behind because of course he had to, but they’re all planning on abducting him first chance they get anyway.“What are we gonna do about this?” Taehyung asks, trying to set a plan in motion.Namjoon sits next to Jimin, stone frozen and eyes lost in the woodwork. “Nothing.”A hurricane of disbelieves answers him.He shifts his eyes to them pleadingly.Pleading to not make it harder than it already is.“We can’t go against his family. It’s disrespectful,” Namjoon reasons blankly.Yoongi scoffs, stomping up to him. “Yah, snap out of it. I get that this is hard on you, but pull yourself together. We can’t allow this to happen.”And Namjoon –He –He tries to swallow around the lump in his throat.He keeps on replaying Jin’s words to him.
 “It wasn’t my choice.” 

“Thank you.”  

“You’ll always be the one.” 
Jin knew about it.It had been a goodbye after all.Namjoon’s eyes blur all of the sudden and he has no idea why. He rubs at them hastily, inhaling much needed air that he had no idea he was holding in.“There’s nothing we can do about it. This is a family thing. It’s their tradition. We can’t- we have no right to – ““Like fucking hell we have no right to stop it,” Yoongi clips fuming. “I respect his family, but they have no right to dictate his future like that. Jin – he’s going to be miserable. Do you really want him to be miserable, Joon?”Namjoon shakes his head slowly at first, on autopilot, but when the words sink in, he’s angry. He stands up briskly, fisting his hands and glaring at Yoongi. “Of course I don’t want Jin to be miserable. But what will you have me do? How could we possibly stop this from happening?”Jimin finally raises his head from the confines of his hands. “Namjoon,” he calls out calmly.The priest turns to him seething, but it’s not aimed at the vampire. “What?”Jimin looks up at him with a steely expression. “I think – This is none of our business, but I think you should go talk to Seokjin.”“About what?” he shoots back in hysterics.Jimin stands up, leveling him with a judgmental stare. “You know about what. His parents made this choice for him because they didn’t know any better.”Namjoon stares back wide eyed, stepping back in a mix of insecurity and fear.He looks around the room and everyone’s agreeing with Jimin wordlessly.   “Seokjin.”Silence.“Seokjin, do not ignore your father.”“He ignores my wishes. Why should I do otherwise.”“This is for your own good, son.”“It’s for the clan’s good and we all know it.”“You’re of age, darling.”“Says who.”“Seokjin.”“No, I didn’t say anything of the kind.”His mother sighs exasperatedly. “You’ve been alone for so many years, my darling. It’s high time you settled down.”Jin turns to her. “And what? What mother? Pop out a few kids? Build a house and never leave that place?”Jin’s father puffs out thin tendrils of smoke from his shisha. “Well, indeed my son. That’s what a marriage entitles.”Jin’s livid. “This is why I never come home anymore. Every single time you try to set me up with one girl or another.”“And that’s proof that we’ve been patient, darling. We gave you time to meet girls that would make for nice wives. Gave you time to get to know them and make your own choice. But you never did. Which is why, we felt like this would be best. An arrange marriage sounds awful, I know, I’ve been through the same thing after all, but you’re going to learn to love. That’s what marriage is about – learning and making the choice of staying together.”“Well, it sure sounds like torture to me.”“Seokjin, enough of this. You are to marry this girl and that is the end of the discussion.”Jin locks his jaw.“So be it, father.”And it’s with those final words that he storms out.  



Epiphany
Chapter Notes
this installment is not as action based as the rest, as it serves as more of a reflection and emotional exploration. what I hope for though, is that everyone who reads this can find a bit of themselves into some of it and maybe even try to apply it in real life anyway, thank you as per usual for all the encouragements and words of love, I'm eternally grateful for every single one of you, and I really hope you enjoy!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Dawn breaks in the distance and Namjoon wishes he could say he’s glad to have woken up just in time to witness it.But that would entitle going to bed in the first place.It’s no surprise that he couldn’t fall asleep. He hadn’t even tried getting into bed to begin with. Just settled on the balcony the moment his friends reluctantly left his room, and stayed there ever since.Eyes vacant and thoughts running a mile a minute throughout the night.Their lives just changed 180 with no warning. Toppled over and turned upside down just like that.It’s the oddest thing – how easy it is to deal with Evil and monsters, but a mundane situation like this is the one to render Namjoon blank, aimless, uneasy, and above all useless.Change is inevitable – Namjoon knows life’s like that. Unpredictable too, and he can’t even be mad at it, but it’s just – this type of thing – it’s as much random as it is reasonable.Jin has grown amidst a traditional family. Moreover, these customs are engrained in their culture and needless to say, there’s nothing odd, neither off about it. And Jin’s father had a point too – arranged marriages do have a higher success rate, because they’re not founded in the feeling of love, but rather in the choice. It’s even been statistically proven, Namjoon’s mind tries to reason.But that doesn’t change the fact that bounding someone’s life to another’s – for eternity in Jin’s case nonetheless – is…It’s dehumanizing.To be stripped of one’s own free will. To steal someone’s right of choice just like that. To live to someone else’s desires. To have your days dictated for the rest of your life.Namjoon feels his eyes sting and his stomach squirm.It’s horrible and his heart squeezes painfully for Jin. Namjoon wishes he could something, anything, just to ease even an ounce of his pain. To take some of the burden and carry it himself just so Jin doesn’t have to go through it.But his mind comes up with nothing.No plan, no strategy, no idea of how to proceed.For the first time, Namjoon’s mind is a blank canvas.It came out of nowhere and no one had a say in it.Yesterday they were fine.Yesterday they were still a group of seven.Now he has no idea what will come of them.Family life is demanding and Jin will not be able to just leave anymore to his heart’s liking, or to the group’s calling. Can’t go on fighting by their side or even just hang out with them on their Friday nights.Can’t just end up knocking at Namjoon’s door at three in the morning just because he wanted to show him some video or tell him a funny story.Can’t just lounge around on Namjoon’s sofa for hours and hours just because he feels like it.Can’t just sit around talking with Namjoon until the early hours of morning.Out of nowhere, without preamble, all of that…it will be gone.Just like that.Namjoon sniffles for the nth time, hands stubbornly rubbing at them.But he’s not crying, not really.He’s frustrated.Feels powerless, but what would he need power for in the first place?It’s not his role nor right to get in between it.This is a family thing, it’s not some dramatic movie where he’ll crash a wedding and stroll down the aisle and kiss Jin in front of everyone, because their love is stronger than a forced wedlock.Because to begin with, it’s not even remotely close to that.Him and Jin – they’re not there yet. They haven’t even made a step towards it. With the exception of Jin’s shameless flirting and Namjoon’s awkward skirting around, they’re still very much friends.But maybe it’s always been clear.Maybe it’s always been out there.How they always seek each other out.How they always end up by each other’s side.How Namjoon’s heart beats erratically every time Jin does something as simple as smiling.But it’s just now – when faced with losing Jin forever, that Namjoon can’t be a coward anymore. Can’t lie to himself anymore out of consideration for Jin.It’s come to a point where there are more pressing matters than denying it.Maybe he always knew it.How Namjoon’s been in love with Jin for decades.Yet he never did anything about it.Namjoon kicks himself for it. Maybe Jimin had been right as well – maybe if he did something about his feelings for the Djinn earlier, his parents wouldn’t have been as fast to set him up.But at the same time, if they did go this far, maybe it was Jin who gave them the incentive. Maybe he’s the one that never mentioned anyone in his life, because, well, because there isn’t.Maybe, maybe, maybe.What if, what if, what if.Namjoon scratches absent-mindedly at the material of his pants, eyes lost in the fabric as he replays all their years together.He always thought they would have so much time to figure it out.But above all, it took Namjoon a long time to figure himself out. He’d met Jin shortly after the deal with the Devil had been sealed. It was all still fresh for Namjoon, raw – the pain, the shock, the newly acquired immortality, the new world he fell headfirst into.When they met for the first time…it was centuries ago.Namjoon had been praying because it was the only thing that he knew.It was the only thing that brought him solace in those moments and it was the only last bit of hope he could latch onto.Something, someone, to just end his suffering.He had begged on his knees for closure, tears blotching his face, but he kept screaming through the blur of his consciousness for some deity to just help him.And Namjoon got his deity.Seokjin had come from somewhere behind him, a hand pressed on his shoulder.“What’s wrong human?” he’d asked. There was a misplaced concern there, but it was also heavy with curiosity.Namjoon had been struck by the man – his foreign clothes, his quiet steps that Namjoon didn’t even hear approaching in the cold church, his flawless god-like features.Jin had come out of nowhere, but Namjoon wasn’t scared for some reason. “Who are you?” he’d asked through his strained vocal cords, because there was nothing else scratching at his tongue.Namjoon remembers the feeling of it – the distrust for every person he came in contact with. The skepticism and precaution, because he didn’t know anything anymore. Everyone could have been a monster back then.But Jin, Namjoon had known from the first seconds of meeting him that he could trust.Perhaps trust was a big word, but Namjoon had known Jin wouldn’t cause him any harm, and it was more than he could say about anyone in his life at that moment.“I’m Jin,” he’d answered simply. “I heard you calling.”Calling.Namjoon had frowned at the choice of words. Like he’d called specifically for him. Namjoon’s addled mind came up immediately with the assumption that – what if this is his God? The God he’s been believing in and putting all of his faith in.“What are you?” he’d dared to ask, because Namjoon was a lot things but slow was not one of them.Jin had been visibly surprised. Guarded after. Confused. But honest. “I’m a Djinn.”It had been the first time Namjoon experienced fear of the deity – the last time too – but in that moment, he was horrified. It had been too good to be true after all. “Y-you’re a demon,” he’d accused, the connotation of the foreign word familiar to him. But Jin hadn’t looked bothered, just shrugged and walked to the altar in front of Namjoon, leaning against it. A mockery sort of stance.“Djinn is an old word” Jin’d informed almost full of boredom. “Its roots stand for ‘hiding’, and our people ultimately identified us as demons. But we’re not demons. We’re deities. Simple as that.”It hadn’t moved Namjoon an awful lot. He knew all about the Arabic culture and their beliefs. “You’re Evil,” he went on. “A deity is pure. You’re Evil,” he rambled on mindlessly.Jin had chuckled, his tinkles crystal clear to this day. “Yet another concept that humans spawned from gods know what or where. A deity means a powerful spirit. Immortal. Feeds off souls and human faith. It’s not that hard, priest.”“I have no soul,” it had been the first thing Namjoon could warn against the Djinn. “I am of no use to you.”Jin had been taken aback for all of a few seconds. His eyes shifted to Namjoon’s chest and he frowned slightly when he noticed that indeed, there was no soul force. “How peculiar,” he’d commented as if Namjoon was nothing but an exotic object – rare, but not extinct. “Who did that to you?”Namjoon had tightened his fists, but he spared no breath to answer, “I did.”“You took your own soul? You know what was meant by my question,” Jin had pushed casually.“It is not of your interest,” Namjoon had bit back, finally catching up with his vulnerable kneeling position and getting up to his feet on shaky legs.Jin had only smirked amused. “Oh? But it is now. You called, human.”“I called for God, not some evil spirit,” Namjoon had pressed pointedly. He tried putting distance between the two of them, but he couldn’t deny the magnetism the Djinn was exuding. There was something about him – something beyond his grand exterior. There was a certain pulling force, but at the time, Namjoon had been sure that it was the mere presence of a deity that made him inch closer without even noticing.“I am a God. By your human standards, I am indeed one. But I am no evil spirit, though I admit my heritage runs through my veins and with that, I do have Evil traces inside of me. But it’s not a black or white world, priest. I don’t perform Evil, even if I am biologically from that side of the spectrum. The boundaries have shifted in our world. It’s become a choice whether to be Evil or Good. And I chose to be neutral. I have no care for those wars.”Namjoon had relented. Even if it was true, he had no care for those views. “It is of no importance,” he’d said, eyes downcasted to the floors of the church. “You can’t help me.”“I can’t help you?” Jin had asked incredulously. “What kind of help were you begging for, then?”Namjoon had let his eyes crawl up the tall cross behind Jin, a glazed over, bitter serenity drowning his empty gaze.An acceptance.A resignation.An apology.“I wished for my existence to be put an end to. I have no reason to go on,” he’d confessed.But Jin hadn’t even reacted to the dramatic words. He walked forward with light steps and placed a hand on the priest’s shoulder. “There’s a reason you haven’t done it yourself yet. There’s a reason you’re still alive.”And that – that never quite sunk in.Not even now.Namjoon presses fingers to his eyes – tries to banish the memories away, but they keep on replaying.Jin had gone on with conviction in his voice.“You chose to be alive, priest. There’s a reason for that. You might not know it yet, but the reason is there, in your heart. You’re meant to do greater things.”Namjoon remembers touching Jin for the first time.Remembers his palm colliding with the Djinn’s chest and pushing him away.Remembers the screams.“My purpose on this Earth is gone. Who am I to – what I am to do now? I’m useless, I’m no one, I have no one left and there’s no God,” he’d choked out through fresh sobs.Jin had frown and Namjoon got the feeling it was out of sympathy, though pity would have been more appropriate. “Sometimes existing is enough. Sometimes just living on is the most we could do. And that’s alright. We all need time to figure it out, priest. Allow yourself as much.”Namjoon breathed harshly, his shoulders slumping. “You don’t get it. It’s easy for you to throw words around. We all have a role to fulfil in this world. What would you do if you were suddenly powerless? Would you be just as fast to be optimistic?”Jin had smiled at the priest’s attempt to corner him and he approached the subject differently. “We might think that what seek in this life is a goal, but it’s not like that. What we always strive for is hope. We always hope for something and perhaps a goal is encompassed in that. But at the end of the day, most things we do spawn from hope. Because with hope comes the promise of a better life. That’s why we keep on fighting. Ending your existence is giving up on hope, but you haven’t done it yet priest. So tell me, what’s your hope? What’s holding you back from putting an end to your own days?”Namjoon had widened his eyes, jaw slack as words left him. It wasn’t like that.When he’d said he wants his existence to be put to an end – he somehow didn’t mean death. Even less suicide.That was a sin after all.He just simply wished he would cease to exist with no consequences.But to Jin he hadn’t even made an attempt to voice those ridiculous mindless thoughts. So he relented, choosing instead to answer the Djinn’s question in a resigned tone. “Maybe I’m waiting for something. For something to come along and prove me wrong. Something to give me a reason to hope.”“Count me as your sign then.” Jin hadn’t spared one tick on the clock to retaliate. There was a certain steeliness to his words – a force, a determination that left Namjoon aimless yet again.“Count on me being here, in this very moment, as a sign that you need to see it through,” Jin had barreled on.“See what through?” Namjoon had asked weakly. Stupidly.“Your purpose in life.”Namjoon had continued to gape at Jin like he was exactly as he’d voiced it – out of this world.“Don’t look at me like that,” Jin had countered in a faux sort of irritation. “I didn’t mean I should be the catalyst of it. Perhaps I am merely the embodiment of a reminder. A reminder that you’re still here for a reason. Your existence does not boil down to what you are and what you do for others. It’s in the choices that you make and how you live your life. The consequences of that will become the mirror of who you are.”A reminder.A sign.Namjoon had casted his gaze down to the bricks of the church with tightly coiled fists and a galloping heartbeat.He hadn’t trusted Jin’s words back then, but he allowed himself to believe in one last thing.Hope.So be it.The last thing the Djinn had said to him before disappearing into thin air was a fiery encouragement.“Keep on living, priest. Seek your hope. And see it through.”Back on the balcony, Namjoon keeps on replaying those words to himself in a sorrowful loop, eyes tracing the silhouette of the sun raising up steadily.
Seek hope. 
Jin hadn’t given up on him even when they were strangers and here he is, already stepping back and letting things be with no fight.Namjoon feels the cold drench of shame washing over him head to toe.He’s a disgrace.In this moment he isn’t a leader, he isn’t a friend, he isn’t a lover.He’s just Namjoon – a powerless coward.It’s in the midst of this self-pitying wallowing that his door is opened without any warning. Namjoon doesn’t make any move as the hurried steps approach him.It’s Jimin that comes into his view soon enough, his figure blocking the sun behind him. He doesn’t waste any time.“Seokjin left the villa. We can’t find him.” 
  It’s nothing short of stereotypical.Jin is nowhere to be found, but they can all put two and two together – he’s most likely off somewhere trying to deal with all of this on his own.But when is he going to come back?Is he going to come back at all? They don’t worry about his safety per say, but the concern is still tense and suffocating in the air around them.Jin’s parents, however, don’t seem awfully moved from their lounged positions on the twin divans.“He does this all the time,” his mother says with a sigh. “He’ll come around.”Namjoon is a level-headed person, but he’s one dismissive comment away from screaming in Jin’s parents’ faces for their nonchalance.How can they be so careless when their son is going through this all by himself?Yoongi fortunately has no care for reigning in his thoughts. “We will not sit around and wait for that to happen,” he says pointedly. “We need to find him.”Namjoon can feel the bite in his words and his irritation flaring up around them. Hoseok slinks closer to him, trying to soothe his volatile aura. “Yoongi is right. We don’t know what he’s thinking. What if he does something rash?” he says perceivably calmer than the dark warlock, but just as pressing.Jin’s father has the gal to wave a dismissive hand. “Seokjin is not one to be reckless. He already accepted the marriage and he will not go back on his word. What he needs now is space. I know my son.”The six stare with disbelieving eyes, but Jin’s mother doesn’t bat an eyelash at their defensive faces. “It’s not the first time we arranged a marriage for him,” she explains. “He always came back.”That doesn’t help at all.Namjoon steps up, teeth gritting in an attempt to not completely lash out at the news. “Why? Why do you insist on succumbing him to a life he does not want? And if you did this before to him, what changed now? What was different back then?”“He was younger,” the mother replies and it’s just a bit apologetic. “We gave him time to figure it out himself. We were understanding. Always were.” Turning to the others in turn, her gaze is suddenly pained. “You all must think we’re monsters for forcing Jin like this. But it’s not like that. My marriage was also arranged and I know all about the suffering that comes with it. It’s not easy and it seems unfair. But it gets better with time and patience. Jin - he will also realize that it’s in his best interests. It’s a good choice in the long run. We only want what’s best for him. And we’ve been giving him time to…to make his own choice. But he never did and being alone is far greater punishment than offering him a wife.”Namjoon feels everyone’s eyes turning to him.He shrinks into himself, limbs tense, eyes unblinking and breathing heavy.It had been like that after all.Jin never made his choice because there was no one.What is he to do now?Jimin lets his diplomatic upbringing take over, even though he’s just as torn and angry as the rest of them. “What are the political implications of this marriage for your clan?” he asks dead on, completely dismissing the mother’s emotional approach.Jin’s father is visibly not pleased with the question, narrowing his eyes at the vampire with authority. Jimin doesn’t budge, meeting his stoic stare with his own icy one.“As any other union, Jimin-ssi, a marriage brings benefits to a clan as big as ours. You’re right to assume that there are political interests at stake. But there always are. You know this. I’m well aware your coven practices the same customs. The girl – Seokjin’s bride to be – she’s from another clan - just as big, perhaps just as powerful. Sealing their faith together is sealing the well-being of the clan for the future. But my wife was not lying either – our priority is our son’s happiness. This is not a selfish decision. Believe me,” he says, but it sounds more like an order, rather than a plead.Jimin tries not to let his façade break in his fury. “Political interests would not be brought up if what you say is indeed true. If you were to cherish you son’s happiness, you would not even think of something as forceful and life-robbing as an arranged marriage. Not to mention that we are immortal beings – our days are not numbered, there’s no time to run out. There’s no pressure to find someone to settle down with. And even if we were but mere mortals – that’s still a choice. Not everyone wishes for a family life. It’s no validation of a person’s worth.” The air thickness with a different kind of tension. Everyone crackles with an uneasy restlessness, as they shift their eyes between the parents and Jimin. Jeongguk feels his hackles raise in defense when he senses Jin’s father’s animosity towards his lover and both him and Taehyung move subtly in front of him.Jimin’s overstepped his boundaries and Jin’s father doesn’t look one bit happy with him.“It is not your place to judge, boy. You know nothing of us, neither of our culture. How dare you insult both my wife and I for not wanting only happiness for our son? We’re his family. Who are you to know better? To think you know what’s best for our son?”Jimin’s unmoving, gaze dulling out and lips pressing together as a renewed anger runs through his veins. “Oh, I know all about family. How they use that blood bond to guilt us into doing as they please. It’s always for the best, always in our best interest, isn’t it? But we all know politics and status will always be far more important than our insignificant feelings. They never ask and never listen, but family always knows better. But family doesn’t only run in blood. We’re Seokjin’s family as well and unlike you, we’re not selfish,” he spits out. “His happiness is our happiness and we will not stand on the sidelines as you condemn him to a caged life.”The others line up next to Jimin, standing their ground by his words.The two parties stare each other down and Yoongi is already eying an exit before the whole Djinn family sets their asses on literal fire.But it doesn’t come.No outburst, no sparks.Just a booming laughter and an amused incredulous chuckle.“A good speech, Jimin-ssi,” Jin’s father appreciates, tension slowly uncoiling from his wide body. “It’s honorable. All of you and your care for my son – it’s nothing short of honorable and I cannot be angry at all of you being so protective.” He turns to his wife, exchanging an amused look before regarding the six again. “Have at it. Do as you please. We will not stand in between you and your ambition,” he offers, but they can all feel a dim mockery crackling between the lines.Jeongguk pulls Jimin back before he can pounce on two deities for treating them like naïve kids. 
  The sun is blazing far hotter than any of them expected during winter, but all the same, they know they shouldn’t be surprised. This is Dubai after all.Having regrouped in the backyard of the villa, Yoongi bunches his sleeves up and crouches to the ground, palms flat on the warm soil.Namjoon watches with a blank expression. “It’s not gonna work,” he says uselessly.Yoongi’s trying to locate Jin by sheer power force, but the priest knows the Djinn would have all traces of his being covered.Yoongi only grunts, eyes closed in concentration and runes blazing black. “I’m not searching for his location. I am well aware he’s stubborn enough to cover it,” he explains. “But I’m hoping for a trail before he went completely off the grid.”Namjoon purses his lips, about to retaliate that it’s not gonna work either, but he holds himself back.They need to start somewhere.“Can you distinguish Jin’s aura from the other Djinns though?” Taehyung asks looking at the grand house behind them.Yoongi tries not to scrunch up his nose because…that’s a good point, his internal GPS already twisting frantically. But he has a plan B. “Jimin,” he calls out, peering one eye open at the vampire. “Come here.”Jimin raises his eyebrows, but moves next to the warlock as requested. “I’m not good at sensing Evil at this level. I’m not sure I can help,” he says factually.Yoongi shakes his head, tipping his chin for the vampire to crouch to his level as well. “I’m not asking you to sense him. I wanna try using you as a guideline. You’re the only other being who has Evil inside that’s different from a Djinn’s. You’ve been close to him this past day too, so I expect there’s been at least some kind of intermixing of your auras. I will not be looking for Jin’s aura, but for traces of yours.”Jimin’s already hunched down in front of him, but his face is disbelieving as he places his hands over Yoongi’s. “That’s a long shot. We’ve all been in contact with him.”Yoongi squeezes Jimin’s hands impatiently as the rest hover around them curiously. “You’re Evil, Jimin-ah- ““We have been known.”“Your aura would be the most pungent,” Yoongi explains curtly.Hoseok is as skeptical as the rest of them, but he wordlessly assumes his position as well. Yoongi didn’t even spare him a glance, but the white warlock knows he’s just being stubborn.Yoongi needs his power source as a kind of backup generator – in the simplest of words – so Hoseok proceeds to kneel by them, just in the middle of Yoongi and Jimin, hands resting on each of their shoulders. His energy buzzes to life but he keeps it at bay for now.He feels Yoongi’s shoulders slump even from that small surge and Hoseok almost tsks.Idiot is always pushing himself and never asks for any help.“Jimin. I want you to let your powers surface,” Yoongi begins in a murmur. “Let go of all of your strength.”“That’s a bit overkill, isn’t it?” Jimin shoots back, but he’s already letting his veins protrude around his eyes and his irises slowly expand.“Doesn’t have to be your max, but just enough to make your aura tangible,” Hoseok rephrases Yoongi’s dramatic demand.Jimin only nods, understanding regardless what kind of level of power they will need.So they wait it out.Namjoon, Jeongguk, and Taehyung watch with stilled breathing as the three lose themselves into their own consciousness.Yoongi is visibly straining to reach beyond the realms of physics and Jimin drops his head in concentration, the veins in his wrists fuller and his face glowing. Hoseok is standing at ready for now, but they can all see his hands tightening on the other two’s shoulders.A lazy breeze swishes around them and the trees bow to it gently.No one breaths for a few prolonged seconds and Namjoon has never felt this useless in his whole life. If he were to still carry a cross around his neck, he knows he would be grasping it tightly.There are no signs.No signs yet of Yoongi latching onto something, though his inhales grow shallower. Hoseok’s brow furrows and Jimin’s arching into himself.There’s a suffocating anticipation.A string being pulled taut.It stretches and stretches.Until it snaps.Everything happens at once.Yoongi inhales sharply, Hosoek sags bonelessly, and Jimin screams in pain, crashing on his back at the impact.“Jimin,” Jeongguk gasps panicked, kneeling by his side in an instant.“I’m f-fine,” Jimin wheezes out, taking Jeongguk’s hands and letting the werewolf pull him up into a sitting position. His sight is slightly blurry, but he seeks out Yoongi and Hoseok. “Jin is- “ Yoongi nods rapidly before he can finish. “Jin’s within holy space.” 
  “There are about 1,582 holy places in Dubai, and that’s only counting the mosques – just putting that out there,” Taehyung informs casually as he scrolls thorough his phone.They walk through the bazaar aimlessly, dodging vendors left and right.They shout after them – as they clearly look like tourists with their attires and uncomfortable faces – unrelenting in their efforts to sell them odd trinkets, intricate carpets, and precious shawls. Some of them even shove spices right under their noses and Jeongguk’s been in a sneezing fit for minutes now. Jimin smiles amused at his poor sensitive pup, a subtle comforting hand pressed at the small of his back as they delve deeper into the market.Yoongi hadn’t been able to narrow down a location, but rather a radius of a few kilometers stretching out around the current grand bazaar they find themselves in.With teary eyes and through a clogged nose Jeongguk asks, “What is Jin even doing within a holy space anyway? Isn’t that highly uncomfortable for him?”Namjoon falls into step with him, hands coiled tightly into the pockets of his cotton pants. “You think Jin-ah would let something as insignificant as holiness bother his Evil blood?” he comments, deceivably factual, but they can all hear the underlying endearment there.Yoongi clears his throat from up head, turning his head slightly over his shoulder to regard them. “Jin’s not as susceptible to holiness as Jimin is. Unless a strong power is aimed directly at him, it doesn’t harm him,” he explains.Jeongguk nods in understanding, remembering the time the priests from Vatican had rendered Jin to his knees with their prayers. “I get that, but still, why would he hang out there of all places?”Yoongi shrugs. “It’s the least likely place he thinks we would look for him. I’m guessing he’s just trying to keep himself hidden for now.”Namjoon tries not to choke too much at the thought. He never thought Jin would actually make an effort to distance himself from them. (From him). Even when Jin had an off day, he’d never pushed Namjoon away. If anything, thinking back, the priest is pretty sure the Djinn had always sought him out. But alas, Namjoon needs to be understanding at the delicate nature of this situation and respect Jin’s need for space right now and not let selfishness get the better of him. Namjoon needs to trust Jin too, that he wouldn’t do anything truly reckless.  Jimin sighs to himself. “I’m useless if he really is in a place like that. I can’t even walk within the range of holy space, even less help you with narrowing down his position,” he says with a slight shudder, the electrifying shocks of Jin’s sanctified whereabouts still zapping through him.Jeongguk presses his lips in sympathy. “It’s okay Jimin, you don’t have to – “Taehyung shoves himself in between Jimin and Jeongguk then, phone held up for the three to see. “As I was saying before you completely ignored me – there are way too many holy spots to check out, but yours truly found this.”Namjoon, Jimin, and Jeongguk all squint their eyes at the screen, Yoongi and Hoseok halting their movements as well.The translation is poor, but they can all make out the key words.Namjoon snorts, resuming his walk and Jimin lightly decks Taehyung over his head. “Seriously Taehyung?”Jeongguk takes the phone from Taehyung’s hand to scroll down for more information, as Yoongi and Hoseok approach them inquisitively. “What? What is it? Is it a strip club?” Hoseok asks, jumping out of his skin with curiosity.Taehyung rubs at his nape, glaring weakly at Jimin. “No. It’s an urban myth – they say there’s this bar build inside of an old mosque not far from here. A mockery created by non-believers. Locals call the people that frequent it pagans, but there are tales of creatures of the Devil lurking there. In our words – supernatural beings. It’s a safe haven.”Yoongi scowls. “Yah, I know Jin is prone to drinking, but I don’t think he’d do something as cliché as moping around in a bar on his birthday. This is far more serious. Plus, the place is not holy. It wouldn’t have left Jimin nearly unconscious if it were.”Taehyung rolls his eyes. “Are you hearing yourself? It’s exactly the type of cliché thing Jin would do.”Hoseok slides next to Jeongguk, leaning over the phone to read the words. He taps his fingers over it, refreshing the page to its original language. Arabic is not his forte, but he has a better shot at it than the rest of them. Looks like all of those endless translating sessions finally come in handy.He has some difficulty pulling through all the jargon, but he notices something he’s sure the rest haven’t. “Guys, this is – it’s not a bar.” Hoseok frowns, getting more confused the more he reads. “Taehyung, for the love of all that’s saint, what kind of a touristic page did you end up on?”Taehyung’s gotten distracted by the jewels displayed on their right, but he quips up, “Oh, it’s not a touristic page. It’s the dark web.”Jeongguk, Jimin, Yoongi, and Hoseok all stare.“I have no idea what this dark web is, but it doesn’t sound legal,” Yoongi says with narrowed eyes.“It’s not,” Hoseok confirms with a sigh. “But it makes sense. Look,” he goes on as he turns the screen for everyone to see. “It says: quenching your soul thirst.”“Hoseok,” Yoongi clears his throat. “You’re showing us foreign letters. We can’t read shit.”Hoseok nods his head. “Sure, but look at the symbols. We can all distinguish those, now can we?” he says with a slight bite.Yoongi huffs, but indulges Hoseok – like he always damn does – and focuses on the small lines and circles.He proceeds to curse.“The Cult.”Hoseok nods. “The Cult.”Taehyung nods just as seriously. “Ah. Yes. Them. The Cult.”Hoseok shuts the phone and returns it to the siren. “Yes, the Cult. They’re not particularly big, nor dangerous, but they’re leaders on the black market. Simply put, they’re illegally dealing souls. And not just any souls, but the pure and untainted kind.”Jeongguk sneezes again, sending spit all over Hoseok and his dramatic reveal.“Sorry.”Hoseok only wipes at his blank face. “Anyway, Yoongi’s point stands – there’s nothing holy about it. We’re not looking in the right place.”Namjoon’s slowly made his way back to them when the five didn’t make a move. He’s just a bit irritated, anxiety only fueling his impatience.“Guys, we’re wasting time. Can we just – look around for holy things or something,” he pleads with strain in his voice. “What are you all even arguing about now?”“Taehyung thinks Jin’s doing illegal things in an illegal joint lead by illegal people that market themselves on an illegal website,” Hoseok explains calmly.Namjoon tsks annoyed. “Yeah, no, sounds just like my Jin.”The slip up remains heavily suspended in the air around them.They all advert their eyes, feeling shameful for bickering about useless things when Namjoon is clearly suffering in a different way than them.  Namjoon for his part can’t even bring himself to correct his words, matters at hand far more urgent. “Look, unless Jin felt like taking out some bad guys in the midst of everything going on, I doubt he’d be there. Plus, it’s not a holy space.”“As we kept repeating for the past ten minutes,” Yoongi mutters under his breath.But Hoseok widens his eyes then, realizing something. “But what if it wasn’t the location that Jimin reacted to?”They turn to him with inquisitive stares and raised eyebrows, Jimin quick to remind that, “Had to be though. I felt in my bones. It was divinity. Weak, but effective all the same.”Taehyung snorts. “I can’t believe you’re so susceptible to the slightest hints of sanctity. Remember that next time you keep me awake at night or I’ll make sure to pour holy water all over Jeongguk’s di- “Jimin compels Taehyung to shove a fist in his mouth with perhaps a little more force than necessary, just as Hoseok goes on insistently. “The Cult deals pure souls, remember? By theory, they’re of holy nature as well. What if Jimin reacted to that? Vast amounts of stored souls might have the same effect as holy soil.”They mull over the possibility, but Namjoon’s already shaking his head. “Jin’s been clean for decades. He doesn’t feast on souls anymore. It will be a dead end, not to mention a waste of time.”Yoongi knows that to be true, but he also knows how anger and sadness can be catalysts for the most reckless of things. “Taehyung, you said this joint is in this area?”The siren nods, turning on his feet and squinting his eyes into the distance. “Should be somewhere in that direction. It’s actually next to a bigger mosque. Or so the text hinted.”Yoongi nods, turning back to Namjoon. “I think it’s better to be safe and check it out. See at least if he passed by. You never know. Maybe we should spread out and that way we don’t actually waste time.”Namjoon presses his lips, but sags his shoulders in resignation. “Fine. But I’ll keep looking on my own. You guys can do as you wish,” he says with a bit more of a bite than intended. But he has no care for that, as he resolutely turns around and resumes his search on his own.The others stare at his retreating back, feeling the reprimand of his words, but also knowing that Namjoon is stretched too thin at this point.Yoongi sighs, regarding the others. “I’ll go, since it would make sense a warlock would look for souls.”Hoseok frowns. “You can’t go alone though. They’re not dangerous, but what if you get outnumbered? And how are you even gonna communicate with them?” Going with him would be the first request on his tongue, but Hoseok is aware a white warlock wanting souls is not a very good cover.“I’ll go with him and we can use my phone for translating,” Taehyung declares. “No one would question a siren. We’re curious by nature and collecting souls is not the weirdest things we’ve done,” he reasons.They can’t disagree with him, mainly because the remaining two are not better options – pure souls are toxic to a vampire and a werewolf has no use of them.“So be it. But we’re in and out, got it? No funny business,” Yoongi warns Taehyung, before turning to the others. “You guys should split up too, but one of you take Jimin with you.”“You guys go together,” Hoseok offers. “I’ll be fine on my own.”Yoongi expected as much, but that doesn’t mean he’s completely content with the decision. Not that he has any say in it.Jimin sighs defeatedly at his own impairment. “Someone has to keep an eye on Jeongguk anyway,” he says in lieu of acknowledging his own weakness.Jeongguk’s about to retaliate, but then something occurs to him when his eyes fall on a coffee vendor just pushing his cart unbothered by them.He lifts his foot and proceeds to kick it, sending the cart sideways and coffee spilling everywhere.They all stare in mortification at the vendor who seems to have a hard time grasping what just happened to his beloved coffee.“Jeongguk,” Jimin admonishes vexed.The vendor’s eyes narrow on them and when he begins screaming profanities, they all start bounding in the opposite direction, as fast as the bodies around them will allow.“Seriously kid?” Yoongi clips at Jeongguk as he waddles way faster than he’d like to be forced to.Jeongguk shrugs mid-run, his canines sharp as he grins. “Maybe if I offend his culture enough, Jin will materialize just to kick my ass.”Yoong raises his eyebrows. “That’s – that’s actually a good plan. Best one so far.” 
  It’s their worst plan yet.Going to an underground joint – a ruin of a place really – under the pretense that they want souls from occultists might just be the dumbest stab in the dark they’ve pulled.What tops that is going in just the two of them.Taehyung is way more excited than the situation calls for.The entrance is deserted, the wood planks securing it just a memory of a door.As advertised, it’s as obscure at it can get.“How does this go, Taehyung? Did the text say anything about a password?”Taehyung shakes his head. “No. I think they just judge based on background.”“That’s not likely,” Yoongi deadpans, but he pushes at the wood.It doesn’t give in, seeming to be nailed into place. He analyses the situation, but it’s not like The Cult runs on etiquette, so he proceeds to blast it away.The wood splinters into pieces and Taehyung whistles impressed. “Nice.”Yoongi shrugs, stepping over the threshold and letting his eyes get used to the dark.There’s a hole in the ceiling, light spilling onto a single point at the end of the mosque.There’s a chair there.Not ominous at all.“Hello?” Yoongi calls out, keen on getting this over with. He supposes any junkie that comes here to get their fix would be impatient.The echoing silence is to be expected.Yoongi curls one corner of his lips in annoyance. The day he meets creatures that aren’t dramatic, is the day he’ll admit he’s a fan of rom-coms.So.Never.“Taehyung, go sit there,” he says as he tips his chin towards the chair.Taehyung’s eyes are iridescent in the dark as they round in surprise. “Yah, why am I always the bait?” The pun sinks in and he laughs to himself. “Oh, I get it. You think it’s funny because I’m a siren. I’ll have you know we’re predators,” he reminds with a proud lilt.Yoongi has no idea what Taehyung’s on about. “You’re good at talking. And they wouldn’t be as defensive towards a curious siren,” he explains. Plus, he wants to get a read on them while they’re distracted with Taehyung.“Whatever, you’re just shit at socializing,” Taehyung says, but he steps up to the chair.Yoongi rolls his eyes as he moves to a darker corner of the room. “Yeah, cause we should all be social butterflies with occultists,” he mumbles.Nothing happens for a while.They can hear the city buzzing outside and Yoongi eyes the sun slowly sinking beyond the gap in the ceiling, drenching the room in increasing darkness.Taehyung’s growing bored, his knees jolting in his impatience. “Come out, come out,” he sing-songs.Yoongi almost shouts at him to not provoke them, but it looks like it actually worked.A semi-circle of figures wrapped in black veils materializes around Taehyung.To his credit, the siren doesn’t squeak in surprise, but Yoongi almost does.Almost.“It’s been long since we had foreigners,” one of them drawls out in their own language.Taehyung is more surprised by that, than by the looming figures around him. “Heard about you. You’re kinda famous around these parts, so I had to see for myself.”Another one speaks out, accent thicker than the previous’. “What is it that you seek?”“Whatever it is you’re selling,” Taehyung says, faking innocence and curiosity. “A friend of mine recommended you guys so here I am,” he adds smoothly.“Who is it that you speak of?”Their odor finally reaches Taehyung’s gills and he steels himself to not heave at the pungent rotten smell. Do they skin small animals here as well or what.“Might be one of your regulars,” Taehyung goes on. “He’s a Djinn.”The dozen figures or so take a synchronized step back.Yoongi curses under his breath. If they’re wary of Djinns and Taehyung just admitted a connection to them, they might just be in trouble.“Which Djinn?” a shorter figure demands in a louder voice.Taehyung realized as well that the animosity is not a good start, but he feigns nonchalance and crosses his legs, hands cupping against them. “Seokjin. Of the Kim clan. Slippery fellow that one,” he says in an attempt to rephrase his take on his friend.“Ah,” it’s all a handful of voices echo and they seem suddenly relieved.Taehyung darts his eyes subtly in Yoongi’s direction, getting across his exasperation. He clears his throat, trying to keep up with the constant shifts. “You do know him then,” he states.One of the figures steps forward then and Taehyung has the inclination this might be their leader. The figure pulls at the shawls and reveals his face. He’s painted with all sorts of red lines and dots and one of his eyes is grey, presumably sightless. There’s a scar running from his bottom lip down to the jut of his chin and his skin is scorched unevenly at the hands of the unforgiving sun.But what’s truly petrifying about him is his young looking appearance.“We know Jin indeed. Used to be a regular, you’re right,” he offers.“Used to,” Taehyung latches onto.The guy cards his hand through his greasy hair and it’s such a human gesture, it eases Taehyung’s nerves. “Jin used to be…. what’s the word?” he asks the others in his native language when words fail him.“Addicted,” another answers.Taehyung widens his eyes in shock and he seeks Yoongi out without meaning to. He snaps his head back towards them when he catches up with his mistake. “Addicted? Are you sure you have the right word?”The leader nods. “Dependent on it? Like that? Couldn’t stop. It was a long time ago, do not worry about your friend now.”Taehyung has a hard time making sense of everything. He can’t imagine Jin in that position. Eating souls is one thing – it’s a treat. But being addicted to souls, that’s another thing. Taehyung scraps for any information he has stored about that, but all that he knows is that vast amounts of soul ingestion gives the same high as lesser human drugs. It’s not particularly dangerous, but there’s never a positive connotation to the word ‘addicted’.He tries to stay focused on the matter at hand. “What changed?”“He stopped at some point. Said he found better things. We don’t know what it was, but he seemed happier. Back then, not only did we lose a valuable client, but Jin changed. He threatened us. Told us to stop dealing and even made attempts at bringing down the Cult.”Taehyung sighs relived. Jin at least never stopped being himself.The leader goes on. “He wasn’t successful. After all, dealing in secrecy is what we’re good at and Jin couldn’t have eyes everywhere. Plus, he never had the heart to actually kill us. We’re friends.”Taehyung narrows his eyes at the news.Friends?What kind of –They are all aware that Jin is mysterious by nature and they always accepted that there are aspects of his life that will perhaps remain unknown forever to their group.But this?Being chummy with an illegal soul dealing cult?Well.Now that he thinks about it, Taehyung supposes it’s a very Jin like thing to pull.“I see,” the siren begins. “So he just let you be?” he asks not quite believing that would be the case.“He made us a deal. We don’t sell to the same client more than three times and he lets us be. Even if we are friends…. that Jin…he’s very – what is it – he’s surprisingly moral for a Djinn. He never wanted for other creatures to go through the same thing and I have no doubt that he would not think twice about terminating us if he caught wind of us not holding up the end of our bargain. So we do. Luckily for you, it’s your first time. So what will it be, siren?” the leader asks, decisively ending the thread of discussion revolving around Jin. There’s a sharper edge to his tone, and Taehyung can feel the patience running out.Yoongi chooses that moment to make his presence known. “When have you last seen Jin?”The figures turn slowly to the newcomer and none of them seem taken aback. The leader eyes him up and down and licks his lips. “A dark warlock. Couldn’t quite place my finger on the other presence in the room, but now my eye sees. Why were you hiding?” he asks calmly.Yoongi walks until he can stand next to Taehyung, who also stands up now that the games are done.“I was trying to see the truth of your identities. Wouldn’t want empty jars from kids,” he says, still keeping up half of an act.But Yoongi knows they’re safe. Even if he never dealt with the Cult before, only heard stories and knows they are not to be underestimated, he knows they wouldn’t bring any harm unless challenged. They’re not violent creatures and their link to Jin is surprisingly cordial.Yoongi knew half of the story when he heard it. He knew from Namjoon that something of the sorts blackened the Djinn’s past. He never knew details and he doubts Namjoon did as well, but the priest had once told Yoongi that Jin went through a straining period when he couldn’t quite find himself. It was shortly before meeting Namjoon, if Yoongi can recollect correctly.The leader tsks, but he doesn’t sound offended. “Of course we’re veritable. What is it that you need, warlock? We have souls from everywhere around the world – all kinds. We just acquired the soul of a high priest from China – very scrumptious. I’ll make you a good price for it.”Yoongi nearly gags. His kind has always been keen on devouring souls but Yoongi’s always been disgusted by it. His grand-grandfather used to say he has a weak stomach.Yoongi prefers to be called a wuss and enjoy his lamb, rather than feeling the bitter slimy taste of a soul.“When have you last seen Jin?” Yoongi pushes. “We’re looking for him,” he admits, because it’s always safe to be transparent in situations like these.The leader chuckles, not bothered by the reveal. “Ah. That’s what it was. You’re looking for Jin. Has he gone disappearing again?”Yoongi and Taehyung share a strained look. It’s getting more and more evident how Jin has a whole history behind him that none of them were aware of. “He’s having some issues with his family. Do you know where he might be?” Taehyung almost pleads.The leader starts wrapping the scarves around his head once more. “Seokjin is a peculiar being. Unpredictable. But I do have an idea. It will cost you though.”Yoongi narrows his eyes. Is it engrained in this culture to just negotiate for every single thing?“Name your price,” the warlock grits out.The leader smiles. “Buy a soul from us and I’ll offer you my thoughts.”Always the entrepreneurs these ones.  Taehyung accepts before Yoongi can negotiate. “Okay. What do you have?” he agrees easily. Truth be told, a soul would be a nice addition to his collection. “I want something cute,” he adds.Yoongi facepalms.“What would you like siren? Are you interested in pureness or in background?”Taehyung nods rapidly. “Give me something interesting.”The leader waves a hand then and the lights around them come on. Endless shelves are revealed, full of jars of all sizes and colors, the force inside buzzing mutely.Taehyung awes with big shiny eyes as he takes in the tall shelves that nearly reach the ceiling.“Have at it, siren. Pick to your liking,” the leader offers courteously.Taehyung wastes no time to bound to them, looking around at all the neatly categorized labels. He goes for kids and animals because he likes those the most.Yoongi sighs, turning to the leader. “Where do you think Jin is?” he presses again.  “I’ll be waiting for the transaction to happen before giving you anything,” the leader says.Yoongi can’t help the roll of his eyes. “Look at him. Do you really think we’ll leave this place empty handed?”The leader looks at Taehyung balancing four jars in his hands and chuckles amused. “That’s fair I suppose. Besides, my words are not be taken heavily. When Jin was upset in the past, he used to come to us. After that, we don’t know, but he used to speak of new friends he made. Used to say that they make his heart light and worry free.”Yoongi’s own heart clenches at the words. The leader has no idea Jin was most likely talking about their group. The Djinn was never open about his feelings, but Yoongi knew he cared deeply for them. But hearing it – it just makes Yoongi’s resolve strengthen.They will not give up on Jin.“He visited us less and less over these past centuries, but there’s one instance that I remember as clear as the sky. He had a fight with his family – maybe as he did now – and he went to the Grand Mosque. He always goes to a mosque whenever he’s angry. He likes listening to the people’s prayers because their choice to believe in a Good has always struck a chord inside of him. He used to say that it’s admirable how people make a choice to be good. He wanted to be like that, always looked up to humans for that, even in their innocence and naivete. It’s a reminder that we all build our own paths to happiness. It’s within our choice.”Yoongi swallows dryly.Their leader gave them useless information – they knew as much – but Yoongi can’t bring himself to focus on that or snap at him for the lack of news. Because this – Jin striving for his own free will and his ambition to be good himself, in this context – it’s becoming apparent that his family has just unleashed the most horrendous punishment on him.It’s been Jin’s biggest fear.To be stripped of choice.To be caged like this.Taehyung comes back then, cradling a small jar with a reddish light flickering inside. “I want this one,” he announces.The leader eyes it. “A good choice, siren. That’s the soul of a young girl who found her end in the shallow waters of the Persian Gulf.”Taehyung nods, eyes downcasted in a moment of self-communion. “I thought it would be only fitting to bring her soul where her body lays. I read somewhere that a soul that’s bound to Earth finds peace the closer it is to its body.”The leader smiles in a ghost of a sympathy. “An honorable thought.”“The least I could do. So where’s Jin?”Yoongi looks at him with weariness. “We’re back to square one.” 
  “Your smell senses are the strongest and yet you really can’t pick up on anything?” Jimin whines, though he knows Jin must have masked that as well. He just wants to have at least some sort of illusion that they’re not completely aimless.Jeongguk sniffles. “Maybe if my nose weren’t so clogged and I could breathe to begin with,” he deadpans, annoyed at the amount of scents around him – an amalgam of spices, incense, various candles, and food lingering in his nostrils.Dubai is not a good place for him, Jeongguk can conclude point blank.Jimin sighs, dragging it out until he runs out of air. They’ve left the bazaar, but they haven’t made much progress. Jeongguk’s checked every holy space they’ve come across and still, nothing.“Do you really think Jin wouldn’t come back on his own?” Jimin muses. He has half a mind to actually give up and wait for the Djinn back at his house. Not because he wants to, but if Jimin hates anything, is the feeling of uselessness and doing unnecessary things just for the sake of doing something. It’s mindless – how they just walk around with no real plan in mind.It goes against Jimin’s very nature.Jeongguk shrugs, eyes falling on another mosque. “We can’t just sit around doing nothing. But I agree that it seems unlikely that Jin would just be out here in plain sight. Even if we do find him, what then? Talk him out if it? You can barely talk me out of doing what I want.”Jimin tsks. “Brat, you know you always do what I want under the pretense that it’s your choice. But never mind that. I think it’s important that Jin doesn’t do anything reckless for now. But you’re right too…it’s like finding an invisible needle in a haystack,” he laments.It’s bleak.Bleak and hopeless.But Jeongguk still halts Jimin in his movements and jerks his head towards the mosque on the other side of the street. “I’ll go check there as well, I guess,” he adds subdued, feeling drained of any motivation.  Jimin nods, taking a seat on a near bench. “I’m starting to think you should set it on fire or something. You were right – we do have a better chance at Jin showing up just to punch you in the face.”Jeongguk thinks for a moment. “Do you have a lighter on you?”“Jeongguk, no.” 
  At odds with the situation, Hoseok feels at ease as he strolls through the more luxurious part of the area.Even amongst the rich and lavish, the traces of belief and prayers are strong enough to soothe Hoseok’s aura and charge his inner power.It’s been a long time since he experienced such a great amount of pure Good Intent spread out around him. It’s a life force, thrumming and pulsing with the murmurs of prayers and belting of foreign preaching. He can hear somewhere in the distance the languid crooning of the Maghrib prayers, which tells him that it must be nearing 6 p.m.He chews on his bottom lip in worry, the more time passing, the more his demeanor plummeting.Jin’s birthday is nearly over too and gods, what an awful time to spend it.Hoseok’s heart goes out to his friend and he wishes with all his might he could do more to help the situation.All their powers combined and they still can’t find any traces of Jin.But secretly, Hoseok expected it.If Jin doesn’t want to be found, Jin will not be found.He always gets what he wants after all.Except with his family, Hoseok thinks grimly.He enters an nth mosque – he stopped counting around 15.Everyone’s kneeling, but there’s an old man that noticed his presence by the door and he moves subtly to make space for him.Hoseok smiles at the kind gesture and declines wordlessly, but politely with a bow. The old man seems to reach a conclusion – perhaps that he’s of a different religion – and resumes his prayers.Hoseok lets the surge of sanctity course through him as he scans the small space. Jin would stand out immediately, if only because of his broader frame.But he’s very obviously not here either.Hoseok shakes his head to himself as he makes his way back out, energy souring with disappointment and just a bit of added anxiety.He can see it, can feel it, can taste it at the back of throat – the hopelessness.Reaching the bustle of the street again, Hoseok is just about to let it materialize in his mind.
I give up. 
But then….Then the most peculiar thing happens.Something cold drops on his exposed nape.Hoseok plasters his hand over it on instinct, looking up at the same time and searching for the source of the droplet.But he isn’t under any establishment, the sky clear up above him with the first beginnings of dusk.His skin comes in contact with the iciness and he brings his palm under his eyes in confusion.It’s a….Hoseok squints, not believing his eyes.But it is.Right there in his palm, melting away.A snowflake.“What in the heavens,” Hoseok mutters bewildered.But then another one lands on his cheek.And on the tip of his nose.And a few more on his forearms.Hoseok looks around him suddenly agitated.It’s snowing.He knows climate change could be at fault and it’s not unheard of to snow in these parts, albeit rare.But the sky is cloudless – a mellow orange coating it.And yet, snow falls steadily.The people around him stop and stare as well, just as confused and dumbstruck as Hoseok. He can distinguish kids asking their parents what the white stuff is.But the parents are just at a loss as well, not understanding where it comes from as they eye the same sky Hoseok witnesses.A shiver trickles down Hoseok’s back.It’s not natural.Something or someone must be causing it.He goes into a frenzy, but there’s only one person that comes to mind.
Jin. 
 
  Namjoon clearly jinxed it when he thought it couldn’t get worse than this.He watches powerlessly as the snow falls before his very eyes.He knows what this is and what it means.Jin must be in so much emotional pain that he made the sky cry at once with his heart.Namjoon’s seen this happen before, only once, but it’s been enough.Few decades back, Jin got the heart-wrenching news of his grandfather having passed away. Details were lost on him, but it clearly hadn’t been natural.Jin had been so devastated and furious that he sobbed until his powers turned volatile enough for the clouds to part and for rain to pour in buckets. Namjoon had been just as powerless back then, but then again, at least Jin had been within his reach to comfort and hug tightly to his chest until the skies cleared again.But this?Freezing snow rapidly turning into a full blown storm?Jin must be –Namjoon’s knees nearly buckle under the weight of dread and uselessness. He feels frantic, tries to grasp onto something.Anything.Some kind of hope.Something to reign in his rapidly spiraling thoughts as he thinks of the worst.He needs Jin.Jin has always been the one to make it better for him, to strengthen his resolve and set hope alight into his soulless being.Jin has always been Namjoon’s salvation.And all that Namjoon needs now is for Jin to just be okay and safe.His eyes seek desperately for something, anything, any kind of mean to make it better.But in this moment, he has nothing.Nothing but the deserted catholic church standing worn out, but proudly in front of him.So Namjoon does the only thing he knows.He bounds in on shaky legs.Steps hurriedly on the cold cement that leads up to the altar.When he’s close enough, he lets his weight drop on his knees, fingers clasping together tightly and eyes squeezing shut until their corners crinkle.  He breathes in and out shallowly a few times and then lets his damp eyes open and settle on the statue of Virgin Mary towering over him.Namjoon lets words tumble off of his tongue without giving them any rational thought.“Please…I beg of you,” he trembles out. “If there really is a higher power out there, and if You still see me as one of your children, please, listen to my prayer. This isn’t for me, but for him. Please, please, please. Make it alright for him. Help him. Save him. Don’t let him suffer through this. Give him strength to pull through,” he chokes out through his sobs. “He doesn’t deserve any of this. He deserves to be happy. Happy…and loved. Please,” he implores, all strength leaving him.Namjoon falls to his hands, head bowing until it touches the cold ground. “Please, please…don’t let this happen. I’m so sorry,” he whispers. “God, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry for letting him slip away. I’m so sorry for never doing anything. But that’s my cross to carry. Don’t punish him for my mistakes. Punish me. I deserve it all. But him…let him be happy. Please, please,” he rambles on like a mantra.“I love him so much, God. Hear me, I love him so much and I will sacrifice anything for him. Why, why, why? Why did You let this happen to him? Just give me a sign, anything, just give me guidance. Give me something. Anything. Someone, please, please,” he pleads with one last shaky inhale of air. He feels his tears running down his face and his lungs collapse with how much he’s heaving. “I will do anything.”He feels hopeless.Like his world has come to an end.This really is happening.It sinks in.His life stretching in front of him and there will be no Jin by his side anymore.He wails with it all.Wails with what he lost.Wails with the anguish he feels for Jin.Wails and wishes he ceased to exist.Namjoon feels himself slipping in an abyss of despair.And just before he drowns in it, a hand clutches at his shoulder and he’s brought back.Just like that.Namjoon snaps his head behind him and even through the blur of it all…He would recognize him everywhere.Jin stands behind him with his own red-rimmed eyes and swollen-bitten lips, but looking just as ethereal as ever.Namjoon stares and a sob wretches itself out of his throat.From relief, from seeing him again, from being faced with the embodiment of his lost love.From everything happening all at once.Jin wastes no time to drop to his own knees, pulling Namjoon against his chest and cradling his head against his neck.“It’s okay, Joon,” he shushes, lips pressed against his temple. “It’s okay, I’m here. Don’t cry.”But Namjoon cries even harder, hands clutching at Jin’s tunic. “I’m sorry. Jin, I’m so sorry. This is all my fault. I never – I should have – You deserve better – “Jin pulls Namjoon slightly back, locking fiery gazes and cupping his face between his warm palms. “It is not your fault, my love. And even if that were the case, then I’m fault just as much as you are. We’ve been wasting time, haven’t we?” he asks, and it’s so soft and gentle, yet with so much resignation behind it, that Namjoon eyes overflow with a new wave of salty tears.“Jin,” Namjoon rasps out, shaking his head slowly. “Please, don’t…I’m so sorry, God, if I could turn back time, I would have laid my heart out to you decades ago. I would have confessed everything you mean to me. I would have showered you with all my love and never let you go.” Namjoon shifts higher on his knees, hands falling on Jin’s on his face. “Jin…you were always the one for me as well. And I won’t give up on you. I know it’s late now,” he sniffles. “I know, God, do I know, but please, let me make it better. Let me talk to your parents. You can’t go through with this. Even if – even if you won’t have me, that’s fine, but just – you, you deserve to be happy and find love on your own terms. And I will not rest until you’re free to do so.”Jin smiles, small and sad, fingers tracing Namjoon’s wet cheeks. “I did find my love on my own terms,” he says with just a small amount of exasperation, but his statement is set ablaze with fondness and affection. “I just hate that it had to come to something so dramatic for the both of us to snap out of it and make a move,” he says with his own wet chuckle. “We’re idiots, aren’t we?”Namjoon can’t help the twin chuckle that escapes his lips. It really is a bit ridiculous. “That we are. But I guess it’s only fitting.”Jin laughs fully then, making tears slip down the apple of his cheeks. “We don’t do anything the normal way, do we?”Namjoon lets his forehead meet Jin’s shoulder. Breathes in his comforting familiar scent and coils his arms tightly around the Djinn.Jin returns the hug just as bone crushingly and buries his face into Namjoon’s hair.There’s a few moments of silence enveloping them, as they both bask into the warmth of each other.Namjoon breathes in a shuddery inhale and murmurs into Jin’s shoulder, “How did you find me?”He has an idea, but he selfishly wants Jin to spell it out for him.“I’ll always hear your calls, Joonie,” he offers.Namjoon is just a bit surprised at the words, because it’s not quite what he expected. “But I – I was praying to God.”Jin laughs quietly. “It’s not in the words that you voice, love. It’s in what your heart calls for. You called for me.”Namjoon’s eyes dull into a sort of shortcoming of grasping the meaning of that. It’s nothing short of overwhelming – how Jin is so attuned to his being.“Jin-ah…then, all those years ago, when you first came to me, what calling did you follow?”Jin tightens his grip on Namjoon. “I don’t know,” he admits in a barely audible whisper. “But I felt you. Heard you – a louder voice than the rest. I felt you calling out to my being. And I was powerless, could do nothing else than follow it. And it lead me to you. I guess…I guess I always knew somehow – perhaps my heart realized it before I did – but there was always something about you, Namjoon-ah. Something that always made me full – complete. Perhaps you were always the one.”Namjoon squeezes his eyes tightly at that, willing this reality to evaporate and create another universe just for them.Just for the two of them, where everything is fine and they’re free to be together as they please.But maybe…Maybe…
Seek your hope.
Maybe it’s still in their power to dictate their own destiny.So Namjoon is done.Done with relying on higher powers and faith to make it better and done with accepting ‘things that are meant to be’. For once, he takes his life into his own hands and just goes for it.He pushes back from Seokjin and presses fingers just underneath his cheeks.Jin is only slightly confused by Namjoon’s sudden actions, but he lets him do as pleases.And Namjoon, he’s had enough.Enough of waiting.So he delves forward and presses his lips against Jin’s with the force and amount of love and passion and adoration he’s kept hidden for decades.He lets it all pour out through their shared connection and pushes in with renewed resolve.He will not let Jin slip away.Not now.Not ever again.Jin regains his bearings fairly quickly and wraps his arms around Namjoon’s shoulders, pulling him in and moving closer himself.Their lips scorch like fire against each other, molding and pressing and just kissing because they missed each other like they’ve been away for centuries.And it is like that.It has been centuries.Centuries until they found each other.And beyond the doors of the church, the snow stops falling. 
  Hoseok’s still freezing his ass off as they all step into Jin’s house, though it stopped snowing a good twenty minutes ago.  They all came back when they saw the abnormal snowing as they figured it was best to regroup.Jin’s father is in the same spot they left him in, but his mother is nowhere to be seen.“Ah kids, finally gave up?” he asks, far more pleased than needed.Jimin locks his jawline, about to snap at him, but Jeongguk is quick slap a hand over his mouth. He kisses his temple as an apology and mutters, “Let him be, baby.”Jimin narrows his eyes but lets it be and Jeongguk deems it safe to retreat his hand.Taehyung however has no one to stop him from stomping up to Jin’s father, jar held securely in the crook of his elbow. His other hand comes up to point an accusing finger just short of the older man’s face.“You need to stop talking so carelessly about your son. Have you seen the snow outside? Did you know that’s your son doing? Because he’s in so much pain that he turned the whole darn weather up side down?”Jin’s father regards him amused and he turns his head towards the tall windows to confirm the siren’s words.“Jin’s not reckless, but he has a hard time dealing with his emotions. He will come by, don’t worry about him,” he says lightly.Yoongi’s the one to let his anger slip up now, storming up right next to Taehyung. “Listen, I respect you and your kin – I highly do – but this is inhumane. The way you treat Jin and how careless you are with his happiness – it’s soulless. You’re are soul-““Let it go, Yoongi.”Everyone’s eyes shift to the new voice.Jin and Namjoon are standing right by the door.There’s shock and surprise and relief and everything in between.But what renders them speechless is Jin and Namjoon holding hands for everyone to see.“Namjoon,” Yoongi breathes out.“You – “Jimin begins, but words fail him. Relief and happiness take roots inside of him.Inside of everyone.Taehyung laughs hysterically. “You did it. Namjoon – you found him.”Namjoon turns his head to look at Jin with only love shining in his eyes. “No. Jin found me.”There’s a chorus of incredulous laughter, of relieved exhales and of Jeongguk groaning.“Dude, I almost set a mosque on fire for you.”Jin snaps out of his fairytale like gaze. “You did what now brat?”Jeongguk cowers behind Jimin. “It was his idea,” he squeaks defensively.Yoongi takes Taehyung’s arm and raises it, displaying the jar held in his hand. “We had our arms twisted into buying a soul, for fuck’s sake, Jin-ah.” He lets Taehyung drop with a relieved sigh. “But God, am I happy to see you here with us again.”Jin closes his eyes, but he’s smirking. “Yah, I can’t let you guys alone for one day, can I?”He meant it as a teasing so he’s surprised by the onslaught of his friends’ words.There’s a loud echo of stubborn ‘No!’s and ‘Never’s and Jin is startled but his chest expands and his heart fills steadily with warmth and affection. He can feel his eyes dampen again, but he rubs at them annoyed.The rest look at each other knowingly before moving at the same time.  They crowd around Jin, and everyone throws their arms around him with ferocity.Jin fakes a whine, but he can’t say anything.Not when he feels Namjoon’s hand still clasped tightly in his.Not when he has Taehyung glued around his middle.Not with Hoseok rubbing his cheek against his own.Not with Yoongi plastering himself to his shoulder.Not with Jimin burying his face into his chest.Not even with Jeongguk having him in a suffocating headlock.Jin sags bonelessly, letting himself soak in every single one of his friends’ love and affection.They’re truly his family.And he would never give them up.Not even at the price of being on bad terms with his own family.Jin seeks his father’s eyes over their shoulders and raises his eyebrows in a challenge.His father however, he just –He chuckles.Chuckles until the sound turns into a booming resonating sound.Laughs and laughs and finally –Nods in agreement.Jin’s eyebrows shoot up, but then his smile digs into his cheeks and his eyes shine with gratitude.He bows his head slightly and mouths, “Thank you, father.” 
  With the last remaining hours of Jin’s birthday, they decided the most appropriate celebration can only boil down to gathering on Namjoon’s balcony and enjoying each other’s presences.Because they need nothing more, nothing less than each other’s company.Jin didn’t even have to pull through an excruciating talk with his parents, his father promising that he will deal with it all – cancelling on relatives, letting his mother know of the changes, and informing the other clan of Jin’s choice.The whole ordeal – it turned out to be far easier than expected.Jin almost laughs to himself at how simple it was to just turn his faith around. To just speak up and demand what he wants.But thinking back on his day – on his tumultuous emotions, on the suffering he’s dealt with – both him and his friends – he knows they did go through their own battles.They fought for this.It might have not been a physical battle, but they worked to get here.To get to this happy ending.Except it’s not an ending, but a beginning.And they earned their right to finally sit back and relax and take it all in.Jin speaks up with a glass held high in his hand. “Everyone, I would like to say a few words.”He clears his throat, suddenly nervous with everyone’s expectant attention on him. But he welcomes it.This feeling of closeness and safety:With Hoseok and Jeongguk’s encouraging stares, Jimin nodding his head with confidence that he can do it, Taehyung’s razor sharp grin, and Namjoon – Namjoon looking at him like he created the whole universe around them.Jin steels himself and smiles.“I’ve been unfair to you all,” he declares. “I never offer much about myself, and even less about you annoying lot and how much you mean to me. But today made me realize a few things. Like how I never had someone care for me so much without expecting anything in return. You never ask – you just accepted me and supported me, no matter the situation. And I took it for granted, when I should have been more grateful. I should have been more vocal, more open, I should have let you all know more just how much you all mean to me.”Jin breaths in deeply then, letting the chill of the night settle in his lungs and the content atmosphere cover him in a blanket of security and love. “I love all of you. You’re like family to me and I wish – I hope we’ll be together forever. Thank you. A thousand times, thank you. For choosing to be my friends and never giving up on me. Thank you.”Yoongi groans dramatically, already slightly tipsy. “Aw, Jin-ah is being emotional tonight – “Hoseok elbows him sharply in his ribs. “Yah, you’re one to talk. You almost started crying when we couldn’t find him.”Yoongi shrinks into himself. “I was scared, okay?” he admits embarrassed.Hoseok chuckles, limbs loose enough to allow a hand to clutch at the back of his nape in comfort. “We were all scared, Yoongi,” he reassures.“Ah. And I’m sorry,” Jin goes on with regret in his eyes. Namjoon’s hand finds his wordlessly. “I never meant to bail. I just needed – needed a bit of time to come to terms with it.”Jimin’s already shaking his head. “We understand, hyung. We were just worried. Thought of the worst and we didn’t want you to hurt yourself in the process.”Taehyung watches Jin’s expression closely – curious if he’s ever going to give them even a hint of his past, of his habits when he’s aimless and sad and angry.Jin’s lips twitch slightly, and perhaps it’s only because Taehyung’s looking for it, expecting it, but he’s sure that the Djinn’s mind narrows on exactly that. The outlet. His past addiction.“I would never do anything truly reckless,” Jin begins, as his thumb traces a pattern on Namjoon’s skin, eyes lost on the glass in front of him. “When I was younger, I had the tendency of – of seeking out mindless things to distract me… toxic things,” he admits and Taehyung finds Yoongi’s eyes subtly in anticipation.Jin lets out a big breath. “But I grew up since then…matured. I learned to not lose myself in the most senseless things. I learned to look around me and find beauty in the ugly. I learned to be grateful of the smallest things. I learned to be happy…I learned to love and in the process… I also learned to cherish myself. I learned to love myself.”There’s a resounding silence taking in Jin’s words.A sudden reminder for everyone.Of how life’s not always easy.And regardless if some of them are immortal or not – they all know, deep inside, that life will reach its ending at some point.Even with infinite days up head, even Jimin, Jin, and Namjoon know that they have to make the most of them.Life might not be easy.But it’s theirs to fight for.Theirs to make it better.Destiny is only as good as they make it to be.The way they all live their life – by each other’s side, but also as individuals – it’s their choice.Happiness is a choice. 
  Jin’s mother sips on her wine contentedly, eyes absent-mindedly focused on the lights of the balcony. Her husband lounges next to her in their chaise-longue in the backyard.She hums. “Do you think this was a good choice, darling?”It might be surprising, coming from her, but it’s all happened so fast – the change when it’s already been set in stone.Her husband chuckles mirthfully. “Since it’s been a long time coming, I’d say it certainly is a good choice.”His wife raises an inquisitive brow. “Dear?”He takes her hand and leaves a kiss there. “Let’s just say it all went according to plan.”She frowns. “Plan? Don’t tell me…”“Ah. Seokjin is hotheaded as much as he is stubborn. Nothing less than a push of this dramatic level would have set him into gear.”She shakes her head, not understanding. “Wait. There was never an arranged marriage?”Her husband smirks devilishly. “Jin had to have things put into perspective. Consider this his birthday gift.”His wife stares for all of five seconds before slapping her husband upside the head. “Yah, and you couldn’t let your wife in on it?”He rubs at his nape, faking a pout. “I enjoy drama, what can I say?”She sighs, but she’s resigned as she crosses her arms.“And they say Jin takes after me.”  



Chapter End Notes
tag yourself - I'm Jin's father


Coda: Secret Santa
Chapter Summary
Local Supernatural Gang Exchanges Secret Santa Gifts
Chapter Notes
a little something for the Christmas spirit!!!@jyrasaurus mentioned back when I posted the first installment - Until Dawn Part 1 The Original™ - that there should be a Christmas edition and I swear I had it all planned out - evil Russian santa and everything - but this is the most I could do with everything happening sO MuCh all the daMN TIME, so there you have it, apologies and all.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Open it, open it,” Taehyung encourages as he claps his hands, jumping out of his skin to get to his own gift already.Yoongi groans like it brings him personal suffering to tangle his fingers through the ribbons of the primly wrapped gift.Jimin watches like a hawk from behind the rim of his glass. “Don’t ruin it,” he says with an empty threat.Yoongi glares at him, fingers not letting up their efforts. “What would you have me do with the paper? Keep it as a memory?”Jimin shrugs. “You should. I poured all of my love and patience into wrapping it nicely,” he says factually, but Yoongi feels bad all the same. He knows Jimin is being dismissingly sincere.The wrapping paper finally gives in, revealing a cardboard box. Hoseok leans into his space to get a good look at it. “Is it speakers?” he asks as he squints his eyes for a label, but there’s none.Yoongi shoves him aside weakly. “Yah, don’t project your own wishes onto my present.”Hoseok pouts, but he lets Yoongi patiently open the box. He can see how eager he is, even with how much he tries to conceal it.Yoongi widens his eyes when he pulls aside the last remaining part of the package.Jimin begins explaining before the warlock can say anything. “Look, I know you’re always whining about Hoseok stealing all of your paper. And I know you’re always hiding how much you miss your relatives, and I know you like having your own personal things – so I ordered this manuscript, custom made so you can have your own – ““Jimin,” Yoongi interrupts. “Shut up.”Jimin shuts his lips resolutely, foreign uneasiness slithering up his back.But Yoongi only stares at his gift with awe.“It’s perfect,” he eventually whispers out as his eyes take in the intricate cover carved out in thin wood, his family crest protruding proudly at the top of it. He opens the manuscript and skims through the blank thick pages, just waiting for his writings to fill them to the brim. He brings them just underneath his nose and breathes in the woodsy scent of a book, except it’s his.His book to write and let his thoughts materialize on.He closes it, eyes lingering on it for just a brief more moment before finding Jimin’s eyes. “Thank you, Jiminie. This is – it’s really great. Though I will deny everything that you said but…Thank you. It really means a lot,” he says as he traces his family crest with his fingertips.  Jimin smiles, relieved more than anything, and tips his head in acknowledgement, feigning nonchalance. “It’s no problem, hyung. I’m happy you like it.”“Move on, move on,” Taehyung urges Hoseok, as he’s the last one before he gets to his own present.Hoseok grabs the box in front of him – just as neatly wrapped as Yoongi’s – and watches it closely. “Hm, I’d guess this is from either Jimin or Namjoon, but since Yoongi already had Jimin…Namjoon?” he asks as he looks at the priest, who only gives him a dimpled smile and a wink.Hoseok nods excitedly. “Then it can’t be useless,” he says to himself. Both Taehyung and Yoongi pinch his sides, but he only moves away with a laugh. “Ahh, don’t give me that. We all know none of you are as thoughtful as Namjoon,” he says, tongue peeking out in his teasing.None of them can disagree with that.Hoseok tears at the wrapping impatiently, but stops in his tracks when he gets to its contents.“Namjoon…” he trails off in incredulity.Namjoon gives him a thumbs up. “Heard you saying you want one, so it really wasn’t as thoughtful as you credit me for, Hoseokie.”Hoseok splutters, taking the contents and displaying it for everyone to see. “B-but, this is limited edition. How did you even manage to get your hands on one?” he nearly shrieks.Namjoon shrugs mysteriously. “I have my connections,” it’s all that he offers, but Hoseok notices the subtle look he throws at Jin.“Yah, Kim Namjoon, did you steal this?”Namjoon chuckles. “I would never. Stealing is a sin after all.”Hoseok shifts his eyes between him and Jin and points his finger between the two of them. “I see what’s going on here, don’t think I don’t know,” he warns, but he lets it go, choosing instead to focus on the limited edition white Balenciaga jacket that comes with its own little assorted pouch. “This is so pretty…gods, thank you. To the both of you,” he says hugging the material to his chest.Namjoon and Jin share a satisfied glance.Taehyung is impatient as he propels himself off the couch in his haste to grab his gift. “My turn!” He brings the gift to his ear and rattles it obnoxiously. “Ohhh, is it a toaster? I always wanted a toaster!”Hoseok stops in the middle of feeling the material of his new jacket, in favor of throwing Taehyung a deadpan look. “A toaster? What the hell would you need a toaster for?” he asks affronted, because that’s his gift and toaster has never even crossed his mind.But Taehyung only shrugs, nails slicing the paper open. “It’s cool,” he offers.Hoseok nearly face palms. “Taehyung, you don’t even have a home on land for a working toaster,” he reasons.Jimin snorts. “Yeah, cause Tae’s one to be practical.”Which.Point taken.Taehyung finally gets to the literal bottom of it and proceeds to squeal in delight. “Oh gosh, is this what I think it is?”Hoseok nods, finally allowing himself to be proud. “It is. All the way from Egypt. Rare just like you, Taehyungie.”Taehyung doesn’t let up his excited shouting as he takes out the matching necklace and ring from their holders. They’re rubies, shiny and smooth and delicately carved out through swirls of gold.Taehyung wastes no time to secure the necklace around his neck and slip the ring around his finger. He looks down at himself, deeply satisfied and content. “Thank you, Hoseok-ah. These are really gorgeous. Ah man, I feel so beautiful.”Everyone chuckles at Taehyung’s child like glee, and Hoseok kisses his cheek. “That’s cause you are,” he says cheesily.They all groan good-naturedly at the mushy display, but Namjoon feels like it’s his turn to unwrap his gift so he leans forward to grab the present that has his name written on it.He smiles, recognizing immediately the swirly writing as Taehyung’s.He makes a show out of inspecting the wide and thin present, though he can tell he’s holding a frame between his hands.“Open it already!” Taehyung gives himself away, but he doesn’t seem to care as his eyes eagerly follow Namjoon’s hands gently tearing at the paper.When his eyes land on the expected picture – painting, it’s actually a painting – Namjoon has to stop himself from chuckling.It’s an old painting, its caked up dryness scabbing away already and the colors faded until they’re nearly grey. The image depicts light stabbing through dark clouds and a warrior standing over a defeated dragon.It’s a horrendous little thing, but Namjoon recognizes the biblical scene easily – Saint George slaying the dragon, which is a symbol of the Devil in the old beliefs.His eyes glaze over as the meaning is not lost on him. His fingers touch the old painting and he almost feels the weight of its heavy background.“It’s an Anglo-Saxon painting, 16th century I believe,” Taehyung explains. “Found it in an antique shop some time ago. I thought…I thought it fits you. A leader… a hero. You know?” he says with a bright, almost self-conscious smile.Namjoon shakes his head in incredulity and gathers Taehyung into his arms. “Thanks Tae. It’s beautiful. I’m humbled you would think of me this way.”Taehyung sways them from side to side, fingers digging into Namjoon’s back with passion. “Of course. You’re the best, hyung. Thank you for everything that you do for us.”Namjoon thinks he might start crying for the 11th time just this month, so he pulls back and nods in acceptance. “No, it’s really you – all of you – I have to thank. We wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for all of us being so close and fighting for every moment together. So truly, thank you.”Jin would tease him on any other occasion, but it’s been a rough mouth, emotionally draining, so he pulls Namjoon towards him and kisses his forehead with intent.“Ah, enough of that. I think we’ve all been emotional enough this month to last us a life time. Besides, it’s my turn,” Jin announces as he sits back and hauls in his arms the huge present that has his name stapled to it.  It’s so big, Jin has trouble handling it. “Aw guys, you shouldn’t have. I certainly don’t deserve the biggest present here,” he says, deceivably modest, but they can all hear the hidden smugness.“Non-sense, hyung,” Jeongguk quips up with a devilish smirk. “The present is only fitting of your greatness.”Jin stops in his tracks when he realizes it comes from Jeongguk. He pulls the gift away from his figure. “Yah, is it from you Jeongguk? Is it gonna explode in my face?”Jeongguk raises his eyebrows innocently. “Hyung. I would never.”Jin narrows his eyes into thin slits, skeptical to the brim, but also curious. His hands break the paper away.It’s a box.Looks normal enough.Jin juts his bottom lip out in wonder, starting to open it.There’s another box inside, white this time and shiny.He opens that as well and is met with confetti.His frown deepens as his hands dive in to search through its contents.They’re met with something solid.“Jeongguk, I swear to all the gods, if this is some stupid prank…” he mutters exasperated.Jeongguk nods encouragingly. “It’s really not, hyung,” he promises. Jimin throws him a confused glance, wordlessly asking if it really is a prank, but Jeongguk only rubs a hand up and down his back and shakes his head.Jin pulls out a medium sized box then. He rattles it cautiously, but there’s nothing giving it away.Impatient out of his mind, Jin tears the whole thing with his hands.A smaller box falls to the ground and Jin groans, everyone laughing at his misery.“Jeongguk,” he whines. “What did you do now, you ungrateful brat?”Jeongguk grins widely, popping a piece of food into his mouth. “Open it and you’ll find out.”Jin snatches the box off the ground and resigns by now.With one last vicious tearing, he finally gets to the contents.He exhales out precisely one hysterical laugh.It’s a key chain.A small wolf of a key chain.Jeongguk looks highly pleased with himself as he leans his arms on the back of the couch. “So you always remember me,” he reveals with a wink.Jin almost chucks it in his face, but somehow – somehow he’s suddenly feeling nothing but fondness for Jeongguk and his idiocrasies.He sighs and then smiles, finding Jeongguk’s shit eating grin. “Thank you, Jeonggukie. It’s really nice of you. Though hyung will never forget you,” he says and it sounds more like a threat.Jeongguk is so taken aback by the lack of reaction that he looks almost disappointed at not having succeeded in riling Jin up.It’s the Djinn’s turn to smirk. “Anyway, it’s your turn, puppy.”Jeongguk scoffs like the sore loser he is, but takes his own gift, shaking it aggressively.“Don’t destroy it before you even see it, kid,” Yoongi admonishes.Jeongguk shakes it even harder because he can’t feel good about himself if he doesn’t go against anyone’s words.Yoongi gives up.“Hyung, is it coupons for unlimited food?” he asks with the curiosity of a child as he begins opening it.Yoongi rolls his eyes, but he also smiles slightly. “Damn, how did I not think of that?” he says sarcastically.Jeongguk is about to chuckle, but it gets stuck in his throat when he sees the statue.It’s medium sized, black and glimmering in the light. It’s a pack of wolves and a few trees sculpted around them for context.Jeongguk feels a feeble sting settle behind his eyes and an invisible hand squeezing at his heart.Yoongi clears his throat. “I…I made it myself,” he confesses. “It’s sculpted from black tourmaline, one of the most powerful stones there are. It’s a protective talisman. I figured…you know, I wanted to make sure there are gonna be no more sprites or leprechauns or whatever tricksters coming at night and casting truth spells on you or whatever else. And the wolves – I know how hard it’s been for you to deal with your position, so I thought – that should be a nice reminder that pack is family. Not a choir, even if sometimes it might feel like that. So…yeah,” he finishes lamely when he felt himself kinda rambling. He put more thought and soul into this gift than he would like to admit.Jimin is the one to regard Yoongi first and he can see the gratitude shining in the vampire’s eyes. He nods his head imperceptibly in gratefulness and Yoongi shakes his head with a small smile, like it’s nothing.Jeongguk surprises everyone when he sniffles, though he’s not quite crying. He shocks them even more when he gets up from his spot and throws himself around Yoongi’s smaller frame.Yoongi leans back with the force of it all, but manages to secure his own arms around Jeongguk’s broad figure.“Thank you, hyung,” he says against Yoongi’s ear. “That’s so thoughtful of you. The fact that you made it with your own hands as well…it makes it even more special. I’ll cherish it forever.”Yoongi rubs soothingly his hands up and down Jeongguk’s back, meeting the other’s fond gazes over his shoulder. “It’s nothing, Jeongguk. Hyung is happy if you like it so much.”Jeongguk nods rapidly against his shoulder before letting go.Yoongi gives him one last reassuring smile as Jeongguk goes back to his place, falling into Jimin’s extended arms.“Aw, you’re just a big baby, Jeonggukie,” Jimin coos as he lets the werewolf lean against him.“’m not,” Jeongguk tries, but it’s weak as he nuzzles into Jimin’s neck, seeking skinship in his sudden vulnerability.Jimin chuckles, about to thread his fingers through his hair, but then Jin shouts at him, “Yah, Jimin, you can coddle him later. Now check your gift already so we can all start properly drinking.”“Right, right,” he says as he eyes the table for his present. But truth be told, there’s no box left.He opens his mouth to ask, but then Jin points at the envelope that ended up under some bottles. “That’s yours, Jimin-ah.”Jin leans forward to get it for Jimin, when he notices his impossibility to move with Jeongguk half plastered on top of him.Jin offers the envelope to the vampire with a very proud smile.“Oh?” Jimin’s confused as to what it could be, but since it’s clearly from Jin, he can bet it’s probably money, or a check, or – money.Jimin opens it with some difficulty, one shoulder pinned underneath Jeongguk, but he manages to eventually.He pulls the paper out slowly, drawing it out in anticipation.Jeongguk peers at them, at the edge of his seat himself.They’re tickets.Jimin eagerly reads the words, but Jin narrates them for him.“2 tickets, first class, to one of the most luxurious secluded – or should I say – sexcluded,” he wiggles his eyebrows at the pair, “resorts in all of the land. All inclusive, house located right on the beach, ocean just shy of your feet, spa and jacuzzi included, beautiful scenery around you, and nice weather. For a whole week.”“If all fails, at least we know Jin can be a successful sales person and feed all of us,” Taehyung comments seriously at the flashy presentation.Jimin for his part is speechless though, eyes flitting between the twin tickets in his hand and Jin watching him expectantly.“Seokjin…I – I don’t know what to say. This a lot. And you bought one for Jeongguk as well? That must have cost a fortune, I can’t accept that.”Jin shuts him up with a dismissive hand. “Please, you know I’m richer than you. Plus, you deserve it. I know you’ve had a hard time with your family lately – I mean, hey, been there, done that, you know? – so I thought what better gift than to force you on a vacation. Take a break, Jimin. Have some time to yourself and be worry free, if only for a bit. And well, not that your brat of a boyfriend deserves it, but that royal suite queen sized bed would go to waste if you were just by yourself, wouldn’t it now?”Jimin stares, jaw slack, not even bothering to feel embarrassed, Jeongguk just as shell-shocked next to him. “Jin, wow, that’s…wow. Thank you. I still don’t know what to say. How can I ever repay you?”“There’s no need to repay me, Jiminie. Just have fun. Enjoy yourself. And whenever you have a good time, think of hyung.”Taehyung leans in, mock whispering, “Good times involves sex,” he reminds with a shudder.“And whenever you have a good time, outside of sex, think of hyung,” Jin rephrases without even blinking.Jimin and Jeongguk laugh embarrassed, but bow their heads a few times regardless, not having enough words in them to actually express how excited they are with the gift.“See, Jimin?” Jeongguk goes on to ask, arm tightening around Jimin’s shoulders. “We don’t have to get married to actually go on a honeymoon.”Jimin slaps his chest. “Yah, I don’t wanna hear of anymore marriages any time soon,” he says as he eyes Namjoon and Jin with a knowing wink.Namjoon huffs. “Yeah, no, me neither,” he affirms resolutely.“I love weddings, but even I’m done with them for a while,” Taehyung quips in. “None of you better get married any time soon,” he warns as he points to everyone in turn.Hoseok laughs, self-consciously moving just slightly away from Yoongi. “Hey, maybe you’re gonna be the one to get married first, Taehyungie. You never know. Life’s crazy like that.”Taehyung crosses his arms indignantly. “I’ll be the judge of my own craziness, thank you very much.”Yoongi watches the exchange with fondness, his heart thrumming with warmth and his body light like it’s floating. “Why marry when we have each other?” he teases in a rare display of mushiness. “I don’t know about you, but having each other is more than enough for me.”The rest don’t spare any breathes to agree and nod fervently in tandem, sharing affectionate looks between each of them and confirming what they already know to be true.What a relief that there’s seven of them.What a relief that they’re together.  



Chapter End Notes
I LOVE THEM SO MUCH I WANNA PUNCH MYSELF IN THE FACE anyhow Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone celebrating them! All the best for everyone and your families and friends and let's all hope for a beTTEr year. for once. like. please @god   twitter for further complaints



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



