



Thin Red Magic - ProperDisreguard - Miraculous Ladybug
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Thin Red Magic
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11309970.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Miraculous Ladybug
Relationship:
Adrien Agreste | Chat Noir/Marinette Dupain-Cheng | Ladybug
Character:
Marinette Dupain-Cheng, Tikki (Miraculous Ladybug), Alya Césaire, Ladybug (Miraculous Ladybug), Adrien Agreste, Chat Noir (Miraculous Ladybug)
Additional Tags:
Exhibitionism, How the heck does that suit work?, slow to start, Eventual Smut, Butt Plugs, Identity Reveal, no beta we die like men, Abrupt Ending
Stats:

        Published: 2017-06-26
          Completed: 2020-05-31
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 5405
      

Thin Red Magic
by ProperDisreguard
Summary
The story of Marinette and the Ladybug suit, and how the feeling of the wind through magical fabric emboldens her in ways no-one expected.(Chaos Ensues)
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





None of the visual



When she first started, Marinette hated the ladybug suit. Don't get it wrong she grew to love the power, speed, agility, and durability it provided, but the suit itself wasn’t without flaws. It was tight, a silhouette that left very little to the imagination. Some literally magical blend of spandex stretchy, latex shiny, grippy textured, and Kevlar sturdy. Technically it was impressive but to her designer sensibilities, it was a mess. As time went on however, she fell in love with it. Mostly, to her own surprise, with how breathable it was.The shift began when puberty started knocking harder. She wasn't fated genetically to become rather busty, but her body seemed to make up for some of that in the hips department. Growth spurts and shifting body proportions had a tendency to make the fit of the ladybug suit a roulette wheel each transformation. One day the back would readjust to new height making her feel stiff and springy, other times it stretched taught in unexpected ways...It was an autumn night, her turn for patrol. Stepping onto her balcony, she could feel the air turning crisp. “Well Tikki, let's check how Paris is doing tonight. Spots On!”A familiar rush of pink overtook her as she felt herself pulled up, a gentle tug into the air as the transformation started. The feeling of her clothes dissolving away as the red costume and black spots stitched themselves over her. Her first realization that her clothes vanished completely was followed by a flurry of ranting at Tikki when they got home, but it made sense eventually: can't have civilian clothes halting movement or ripping underneath. The fact that it was ALL her garments was alittle embarrassing though. As the tingling pink finished its pass over her hair, she stood triumphant, a burst of energy as the power rushed into her system.But with one light gust, the wind told her something was different. She shuddered, an unexpected feeling washing over her. Darting back inside Marinette skidded in front of her full length mirror.She was Ladybug, red and spots with mask and everything, but something didn’t feel right. She slowly spun, checking for holes or tears, anything to explain that feeling a moment ago. The feeling of the cold air right against her skin, like nothing was in between. She grabbed her stool and went to lift a leg and check it for rips, but before she could finish the motion the answer became clear.It was stretched too tight. Namely in the crotch.She sat down on the stool slowly, and felt as the fabric strained unexpectedly to shift with the movement, and the light chill of the room-temp lacquered wood pressing against her butt. Looking in the mirror, her hips were wider than she’d realized. She checked the sides. They seemed taught, tighter than normal. And most importantly : thin. The suit was always breathable, she would fight Akuma all day long and sweat right through it, but this was different. It was still mostly opaque and solid, but every touch from her fingers felt like it passed right through it, like it wasn't even there.Hesitantly, she spread her legs to check further , already nervous and certain of her suspicions. One touch to her thigh told her it was the same, ladybug in appearance, but like bare skin to touch.“Spots Off! Off!”As Tikki reformed from the pink light, Marinette felt the sensation of her clothes returning, like she was being dressed from the nude buy an invisible tingling whirlwind. It wasn't what she was ready for, as her fall from the stool and cacophonous impact with the floor told her.“Marinette! You ok? What's wrong?”“Tikki, the suit, what was with that?! It was, like… Like nothing at all! I felt the wind right through it!”“Oh! That’s normal Marinette!”“Normal?!?! It was like standing on my balcony in the nude!” Came a panicked whisper as she hoisted herself up to sit on the stool again.“Marinette, listen. I can only make so much suit at a time. Magic like that is a tricky thing, and it takes time with each new ladybug to balance the magical connections that let me form more. With you growing and shifting, I’m trying to rebalance your suit on the fly!”At this point, Marinette had shifted from annoyed to the mode of a focused designer. Tikki didn't have enough fabric, so she was stretching what she had prepared literally and figuratively.“That… makes a lot of sense.” She said, Rising from her seat and pacing the room. “... Will it still protect me?”“Absolutely! Any actual impact or attack will hit like it usually does, but you’ll still be ok underneath.”“... and it's only temporary”“Yup! Just until I can form enough magic to expand the suit to a steady form.” Then with a little loop-di-loop in the air Tikki added “I could even replicate one of your designs for it!”With that Marinette halted in her tracks, spinning on the spot to face the floating red Kawami. “Really!?”“Of course! I know with how wonderful a designer you are you could invent something wonderful!”Running over to her desk, Marinette started flipping through pages of sketchbook after sketchbook. With a happy gasp, she Ripped a page out and rushed back to the mirror, sticking the sheet of sketches in the corner of the frame. “Can we go for that?”Tikki floated over to look at the sketches. Strong and defensive looking, with a high collar and a black midrif and shorts, she even had a sketch for a version with a jacket. “These are perfect Marinette! Definitely” Marinette was checking the mirror and drawings back and forth, trying to picture the outfit on her. With a small contented sigh she said “Well then, I’ll deal with a little cold. That will be so worth it”“Don't worry! It won't be that bad!”“Ok. Tikki! Spots On!”Knowing what was coming didn't make the sensation any less clear for Marinette. The pink swirl moving along as she transformed. There was usually a split second as the line of clothes to suit transitioned where she could feel nothing there, but as the magic material filled in this time she blushed, noting how the feeling never went away. As the transformation finished she took one last look in the mirror before running off to patrol. It had all the feeling of Nudity with none of the visual.



Denim and More
Chapter Summary
Old folly leads to new experiences and a growing new passion.
Chapter Notes
Sorry for the long delay on a new chapter. Hopefully I’ll ramp it up and get to more soon!



Chapter 2About two weeks later and Marinette was sitting in class squirming ever so slightly. Not for the usual reasons of the yellow jacketed pain in her ass a row down and over who made her antsy with anger in the past, her concern about her super hero duties, or even her lack of study the last three nights on the topic now scrawled into the board. No, the extra pink in her cheeks and her almost rhythmic wiggling was because under her jeans... she’d worn nothing else.Ever since that night, a feeling sank in after the initial wave of embarrassment. Excitement. The thrill of being Ladybug, that sense of power and movement became linked in her head to that chill in the air, to the feeling of... well... nothing (or so it felt). Tikki had said she could try to thicken the material early if she pushed it, but Marinette told her to hold off and save up strength, she could deal with the feeling. But she’d gone on patrols and fought an Akuma since then. Standing in front of a crowd of reporters while feeling like your most intimate places are on display does something to you even if you don’t realize. Soon, she was absentmindedly staying more exposed in her room. Sitting at her sewing machine in nothing but a loose shirt. Puttering and chatting with Tikki in her room post shower without putting anything on. And most importantly: sleeping in the nude. That’s how today happened. Standard morning of running late but this time her panties (black with green paw prints) never left the chaise she usually lays her next days outfit out on.It was comfortable in ways she hadn't expected. The feeling of Denim on her waist was tingly, rough in one direction and then smooth in the other. The best/worst part was the seam, stiff and rough. When she stumbled into class this morning just as the bell rang she skidded into her seat it rode up on her, sliding into a resting spot usually protected from its invasive journey. She had only lightly noticed it until she looked down a row of seats.There sat Adrien: glowing, handsome Adrien. Just a glance at him sent a blush across her face and a warmth down her body, pooling in her like syrup. He’d turned and given her a gentle wave, and as she skittishly waved back, she rocked in her seat just a little. A bolt had gone up her body right then. Ridge of denim rubbing up against soft, wet, and sensitive.She paused. Mind reeling at the dichotomy of sensation and location. She slid in her seat slightly, trying to readjust away from the textile invader, only to feel that electric spark again. She slid back just a little, and another spark. Left a Mm: jolt. Right a hair: sparks. What started as a simple slide became a tiny vibration, a soft wiggle that pulled her forward in her waist and against the ridge.As her mind raced at the sensation, her gentle sliding continued. “Am I really doing this?!” “What if someone notices?” “Is it visible, am I making a spot?” But as her hips from right back to left, front to back again just those few mm needed, the sensation rose like steam through her, and her worried thoughts melted into something else. “That feels good”, “I wonder how far I can…” “If I wore a skirt, Adrien might see” That last thought rested in her mind with a click, a rush of adrenaline played havoc on her heart rate at the idea of being seen like that, especially by Adrien. The display, the reveal. Marinette didn't always have  the best self confidence or image, and had never thought of herself as that attractive; but there was something about it. The “look but don't touch” of it all, like a painting in the Louvre or one of her pictures of Adrien on her wall. She stifled the mix of a small giggle from the idea and a gentle gasp from the grinding fabric as it pulled rough against a small nub. She’d be a display, a little karmic return for the wall of pictures of Adrien she had, and the nights she spent with images of him in her head, guiding her fingers.“Earth to Marinette!”With a small jolt she turned to the source of the whispered comment, finding Alya Césaire‘s patented hazel eyes and sky high eyebrow questioning stare.Alya whispered again, her tone shifting from snappy to an urgent worry: “What’s wrong with you today? Your more spaced out than ever girl!”“Oh! Um.... just.... late night. Projects. Sewing. Thinking up some... new ensemble ideas.”“You need to get more rest. Your up every night working on some new design and then you sleep like a stone when you rest at all. You look like your gonna keel over right here.”“Ok, ok. I’ll try to sleep once this project is done.”With a little tutting sound and a loving eye roll Alya turned back to the lesson again, and Marinette tried to do the same. But the feeling of the now heat and moisture softened denim seam insisting on wedging itself in a spot it fit all to well keep her mind fuzzy and light.When lunch period arrived the ring of the bell shook her from her stupor, and with a small squeak of “bathroom, be back” to Alya she raced down the stairs and into the lavatory. She checked herself in the mirror. A small dark patch was there on the front of her jeans, her face was flushed, and her heart was beating in double time as much from her excitement as from her sprint there. And there was just one thought in her mind: “I want to feel more”



Chat's Persepective
Chapter Summary
Chat knows something's been strange about ladybug recently, and after an unexpected set of events with an Akuma he gets answers and an eyeful.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Something was wrong with Ladybug, and Chat Noir knew it. It had happened slowly, over the last few months her stance had changed. Part of it was confidence, she seemed to somehow shine even brighter with an inner strength that made him weak in the knees. At the same time, there was something off. A delay before she started running across the rooftops, a wider legged or differently stretched stance, a slight hitch in her breath and pink in her cheeks before spoke to a crowd. Paris as a whole didn't notice, but he was her partner, and it was like a flashing neon sign to him. He just couldn't read what it said.He snapped back to the present. Ladybug was crouched next to him on the roof, scrunching her face a little as she through up an Akuma trap with the red and black spotted drink cooler that her lucky charm had dropped into her hands a minute ago. He checked the distance between them and the Akuma, a swirling mass of fur and claws that had earlier today had been a slighted dog-walker. With the Akuma still approaching but a few blocks away he knew they had time as he turned back to his partner. She was crouched low. Not the usually tucked knees he was used to, but one leg under herself and the other stretched out behind her. Like a ballet dancer or a sprinter on the block if it wasn't for the balustrade she was peering over. There was one thing he knew for certain: this crouch showed off her butt in all its beauty.After his eyes stared at her prominent rear longer that he would have usually admitted he turned back to her face see how her planning was going. He did not expect her to be staring her down. The usual bit annoyance was there, but he could swear she was blushing."Eyes on the main prize Chat""Yes, Milady!"(Wait, the MAIN prize?)The plan was simple, Ladybug would drop the cooler on the Akumas head from the middle of the street. The now blinded Akuma would reach with both hands to remove their new heavy helmet, giving Chat the chance to grab the cursed leash they held and snap it. with the plan set, he stood up as his partner did the same. Her breathing was heavier than usual he noted, and alongside the extra pink in her cheeks, she seemed a little unsteady. He could even swear she shivered a little. He hoped she wasn't coming down with something. But now was the time for the plan. Part one: Chats pole spanning the street.He aimed it a level spot across the street and watched as with a press of a button it shot across the road, embedding the other end in a brick chimney and the near one into the bricks of the small wall edging the roof. He went to give Ladybug the OK, only to turn and face an unexpected but not unwelcome sight. Ladybug was already standing on the roof edge getting ready to head across the beam, putting his head height right at her crotch Was... was her suit darker right there? Blinking himself out of a daze for a moment, panned his face up, and gave her a thumbs up. He hoped it was noted as being for the readiness of the pole, but if he was honest his pole was also giving the approval for the view.She nodded (He could swear she was blushing again) and took a step to line herself up with the beam to head across. Her butt was right in front of chats face, and as he took a mental snapshot he had planned to turn and get ready himself, the Akuma was still approaching down the street. But before he could turn, he heard the sound of stone clattering off the roof. He turned back on the spot to check what happened. And that is the moment her round rear hit him in the face.The old brick wall had cracked when his staff had lodged itself into it, and his partners' right footing had crumbled off the edge when she stood on it. she was falling backward, right into him. His mind spun with a few things at once:First: Oh Hi Heaven! Didn't expect to visit you today. This is not how I expected to get to touch ladybugs Ass or the part of me I expected to use but I won't second guess this gift.Second: He could feel the warmth of her skin. The texture of suit was there, but under that, he could feel the warmth and softness and bounce of strong muscle and tone curve slamming into his cheek at a 45-degree angle. It was thin. Their suits were usually strong, but he knew from an experience with his own suit that if they were pushed too far, be it a Kawami without strength or a shift to add padding elsewhere they could become thinner and less protective. As wonderful as the feeling was, he was worried.Third: In all that warmth and spring, there was something else. A hard, cold thing. Hitting is cheek. Round, like...Before the thought could finish, his reflexes had already betrayed him, his leg sliding back to brace, his arms reaching up to balance her by the small of her back. With his help, she steadied herself. He looked up to check if she was ok, only to burn the image of his dear lady, panting and as red as her suit. For a moment he was certain it was more than just surprise, there was a look in her eyes like fireworks had gone off.In a day of interruptions, however, the latest was a car alarm as the Akuma tore its way through the street towards them. Ladybug sprung into action, tiptoeing swiftly across the pole to the center, cooler in hand. Chat watched as the Akuma turned towards the red-clad hero, silhouetted like a dancer behind a curtain in the late afternoon sun. A purple butterfly mask faded from the Akuma's face as it charged down the street towards her. Now it was Chat's turn."HEY FUZZBALL! I thought you dogs chased cats, not bugs!" He yelled, sliding down a drainpipe to the road. The Akuma turned, a dog-headed person surrounded by a whirl of 3, no 4 swirling masses of biting fangs and slashing claws that were once the dog walkers charges. Stance low, he watched as ladybug sat herself down gently, oddly gently, lining up the cooler."Mhhhhmmmmmm"Both the Akuma and Chat looked up at ladybug, who's unexpected moan had shattered the tension in the air like a hammer thrown at a glass window. Ladybug was stammering, shivering with embarrassment. She was wiggling back and forth nervously, sitting side saddle on the bar over the street below. Out of instinct, her hands shot up to cover her mouth. The cooler dropped, lid open, landing on the Akuma's upturned head just like the plan. Still looking up in bewilderment, Chat jogged over to the Akuma and grabbed the auto-winding leash."AHHHHHH!!!!"Chat had looked down for just a moment to take the item. When he looked up again, Ladybug was falling for the second time this fight. She'd slipped off the staff and was headed back first towards the ground. Chat lunged, trying to catch her. Magical Leather sliding across the asphalt. The Leash flew from his hand, smashing to bits on the ground. He watched as Ladybug brushed across the fading Akuma, claws and fangs striking across the back of her suit. Chat's slide finished with his body beneath her. He felt her butt land hard on his back, but he knew she was safe."OH! Chat are you O....... k......"As Ladybug stood up, she froze. Hands quickly behind her back."I'm ok Ladybug! Just get the Akuma!" Chat called out, still on the ground and winded from the impact."O..OK! On It!"Ladybug spun around, throwing her Yo-Yo at the slowly fleeing purple butterfly.It was at that moment that Chat learned what had been different. What had changed these past few days? What it was he felt when ladybug fell on him the first time today. As she swung her Yo-Yo, he saw her suit was ripped by the Akuma. She was fine, but the back had been shredded. The sight of Ladybugs butt alone would have been a dream come true. A dream he has had multiple times and wouldn't admit, but a Dream to be sure. But as the image burned into his memory to be saved for all time, he distinctly saw a rounded glass form sitting between her butt cheeks. It matched her earrings, a dome of red with black spots..."UMMMMMM" Ladybug turned around and Chat's eyes broke their gaze. He braced in his head for the yelling, the world to come falling down on him after what he just saw. But instead, nothing happened. He looked up to see Ladybug's flushed face. She was blushing so much, but what he didn't expect to see was the bemused smile she wore."Well...I guess you got to see more after all." She said with a small giggle, hands returning behind her behind to cover her open costume. She leaned in towards him. "Hope you enjoyed what you saw. Bye Kitty!" She whispered with an unexpectedly playful tone.And with that, she swung her yoyo to the distance and zipped away, Chat staring agape at one last glimpse of red with black spots cushioned between peach skin as her rear disappeared from view behind a building. He was left still on the ground, a confused dog walker still coming out of their Akuma confusion, a mind full of unforgettable images, and a new interest to look up once the day was over.



Chapter End Notes
Sooooooo, It's been awhile.To be honest, I've had a lot of trouble with this one. The main scenes have been in my head since the last chapter but life and writer's block have just kept me from writing them out in any way that sounded good till now. I don't know how many more chapters I might make, but I do have a final scene idea, and with the Super/Civilian alternating chapters, there will be at least 2 more!Thank you for waiting.(Also, I didn't have a proofreader so if you find any errors just let me know!"


An unconventional Reveal.
Chapter Summary
Adrien life repeats itself!
A non standard accessory creates for a strange reveal!
Head trauma!Nudity!End credits scenes!
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Fate had put a hit out on Adrien Agreste. That was the only explanation he could think of as to why this last month had been trying to kill him.
First was his misstep in trying to google what exact ladybug had been up too, and being caught by Nathalie. The only thing worse than getting “The Talk” from your parents must be to have an overly clinical and years too late version given by proxy because your parent is too busy. The memory alone sent a disgusted shiver down his spine.
Then it was trying to manage late night patrols. He wasn’t sure what part of it all was harder: trying to staying focused when he saw her, or the look in her eyes that said she knew what he was thinking about and was egging him on! Honestly the hardest part of patrols now-a-days was him but that was a given. 
 He’d actually shut down most of the flirting as Chat Noir after a stuttering attempt at a flirty compliment had gone awry a few days after the dog incident. ~~~~~~They were standing along the edge of a roof. Looking out over the lights of the city. He crouched on all four as she stood confidently behind the edge concrete.
“So, um, Lovely night isn’t it?” Even with the confidence that came packaged with the Chat Noir suit, his mind had trouble looking at ladybug let alone forming words. Nothing like a clear mental image of someone’s butt to override the language center of the brain.
“It is, isn’t it. Looking out over the whole city, knowing they're looking back at you….” 
Seeing Ladybug shift her weight from foot to foot, swaying gently as she said that wasn’t something he was used to, but the moment of cute cut through the wall of horny clogging his mind. He took that opportunity to keep the first proper conversation they’d started in a while going.
“It’s getting colder, might have to bring a blanket at this rate.” He broke his gaze and looked out over the city, the late October sky rolled a grey backdrop to the buildings. “Are you cold My Lady?” 
“I don’t mind the cold. Kind of like it.” He turned back to see ladybug shivering, with a blush and a small smile on her face, looking not at the city, but down her chest. She had wrapped her arms around herself in a hug, and over the top of her arms her breasts stat, extra visible from the added fabric tension. He tried to look away, but not before noticing the pert little bump visibly poking up from each mound. 
 
He’d fell off the roof.~~~~~~
And perfect synchronization with his memories playback, he was here. As he started climbing the metal internal steps of Collège Françoise Dupont he tried to shake the last vestiges of horny from his mind. Desperate for distraction, he looked up to the top of the stairs, seeing Marinette was at class surprisingly early. 
She’d been wearing different outfits recently he mused. Short skirts that showed more leg, different tops of different fabrics. He’d seen style like this in his modeling work, and he wasn’t surprised to see the up and coming designer experimenting with looks, even if one or two had gotten her a short talk with the school about dress code. Today’s outfit caught his eye for its similarities to a Japanese school uniform. A thigh length dark blue skirt and a white short sleeve top with a prominent triangular collar matching the skirts tone. He felt a little warm seeing it, like it was targeted at him for all the anime he watched.
As she talked with Alya, the reporter mentioned something and the designer suddenly looked panicked, and turned on her heel to run down the stairs, probably to retrieve whatever she forgot.
But fate had it out for Adrien Agreste, and it had found a perfect weapon. Marinette’s turn kept going, and her step down the stairs became a flailing tumble, spinning around and falling backwards down the stairwell. Adrien’s instincts kicked in, tossing his bag to the floor and lunging to his left to catch her. But as she flew off the top step Marinette gained significant airtime, and as Adrien lunged he dipped down and turned to catch where she would have usually landed.
The side of Adrien’s face was smacked with pert DuPain-Cheng buttocks.
The world returned to slow motion. Once again, Adrien’s mind spun with a rapid fire analysis of his predicament, more plentiful this time than last:
First: the idea that this must be what a Princess Peach side attack in Super Smash Brothers feels like. Looks like princesses share movepools.
Two: He could, (and might need to) get used to this. Tone skin, the flap of skirt at the periphery of his vision, the adorable squeak echoing in his mind. It reminded him of Ladybug. Did all butts feel like this? Warm, unblemished, smooth skin, mostly right cheek, right against him.
Three: Wait… Skin?! He should be feeling cotton, perhaps cotton ploy blend, but this was all skin. That implies that there’s a distinct lack of garment covering this posterior. It wasn’t tights, or any new fabric he’d run into during modeling. This was pure, uncovered rear end. What in the world was sweet, innocent Marinette doing not wearing panties?!
Four: oh look, time is moving forward, just slowly… the floor is getting a lot closer, and there’s more and more butt on my face. This is gonna hurt. At least her landing will be soft. About as soft as most of her butt.
Five: Wait again…. most of this is soft, but there’s something hitting now. Hard, colder, rounded. Way too familiar.
Realization hit him at the same time with the same force as he floor.
~~~~~~
He woke up in the nurses office, groggy. An wrapped ice pack cooled his noggin, and as his senses returned he became quite aware of the massive lump on the back of his head.
He looked around. The office was empty, except for one Marinette Dupain-Cheng, looking at him with worry and blushing beet red.
He was the first of break the silence. “Your Ladybug.”
For a declaration of that magnitude, his even voice and clear tone gave it no pomp or grandeur. It was a statement, not a question or a hope.
Marinette’s eyes went from embarrassed worry to wide panic. 
“Wait What! How? Why?!”
He chuckled at her flabbergasted response, only to turn to a sputtering laugh as he realized just how sore he was.
“Because… Because I would recognize that plug anywhere My Lady, we’re quite intimately acquainted.”
He watched as the gears in her head rolled around and clicked into place, piece by piece.
“Kitty? Oh my kawami…”
“The one and only!” He said, giving the smallest bow he could, only to knock the wrapped ice pack off his head and onto the floor, towel going in one direction and pack itself skidding in another.
Fate decided right then to deal the final blow. Marinette watched the pack on the floor, and Adrien watched as a her face took a look of inspiration that he’d only seen on Ladybug’s face as she designed an Akuma trap.
“Well, this does change things…” she practically purred. Gone was the stuttering mess he was used to and instead she looked at him with what he could only call pure seductions. She stood up from her chair, stepping towards him with confidence. “Kitty, we should talk later about what this means between us, but in the meantime…” With that she bent forward to pick up the towel. This close he could see that her shirt was a little thinner that he realized, clinging to her curves as she leaned over, and he found himself staring at her bosom.
He felt his cheeks warm, and then… then she had the audacity to smirk. Before he could even register what was going on, she stood up strait again and turned around to pick up the ice pack, her skirt flipping up. 
He saw a red jewel with black spots, and everything, everything else.
Adrien Agreste was sent home 20 minutes later due to the bump on his head and a prolific nosebleed.
~~~~~~
A few weeks later Ladybug and Chat Noir stood atop the Eiffel Tower’s highest observation deck. She stood proud, looking out over the city. 
Ladybug’s suit was different. Black armor dotted her outfit. Plates wrapped around her back and reinforced her chest, and across her hips like shorts. Long black gloves reached her elbow, and a line of black ran up the sides of her legs.
Chat crouched next to her, his gaze admiring his girlfriend and all her confidence. 
“Feeling alright My Lady?”
She turned towards him, a light blush on her cheeks, peeking out under her mask. “Yeah, just remembering my… escapades.”
He smiled, and she felt a wave of calm wash over her as she looked upon his admiring face. Once he’d found out who she was, Marinette’s adventurous streak had… shifted. He was an outlet for her energy, and despite the thrill, the risk wasn’t always  worth the reward now that she had a captive audience she knew was watching. She still liked the freedom of her skirts, the tingle of being on the edge. And now that her lovely Adrien was in on it, it became almost a game between them when they had time alone. Was she wearing panties today? Did she have a plug or toy on her?  Who teased who first? Who jumped who once they were alone?
Speaking of…
“Tikki, armor off.”
And in a flash of pink sparkles the black panels dissolved, her body open to the air as her suit was reduced to just her legs, upper arms, and neck. 
Adarien blushed hard. “Oh! Here? But what if someone sees us?”
Ladybug smiled as she tackled her boyfriend  onto the observation deck floor.
“Well, hope they like the show!”



Chapter End Notes
I would like to thank everyone who asked where I was and if I was going to finish this fic. Life has some odd twists and turns, and here after trying to write version after version of this, I hope that I can bring a silly smile to some people’s faces with this weird take, and that I can reward the patience that this amazing fandom has had with my shenanigans.
 
And to thank you for reading the author notes, have a marvel style post credits scene:
~~~~~
Alya put down her binoculars. Slowly.
She’d watched as ladybug had acted differently over time. She’d reported on her new suit. She’d cheered (loudly) when it became obvious that LadyNoir was legit.
But she just watched Ladybug’s bare chest bouce up and down as the hero of Paris jumped her Catsuit boyfriend, just off of visual range of anyone who hadn’t spent the money on high powered binoculars, like the very flustered reporter had. (A worthwhile purchase, her mind noted.)
Alya has no idea what to do with the images burned into her brain. It’s not something she could post on the ladyblog without severely changing the sites age rating. Confronting the heroes would require admiring she’d watched. She couldn’t ignore what she’d seen, or how she felt about it. So her options were minimal. 
She thought her situation out. Her mom was working a late shift, Her dad was away at a zookeeper’s conference for the weekend, The twins were at a sleepover, and her sister was at camp training for a fight. 
Alya picked up her phone.
~
Nino was in his room. It was late, but he was listing to a playlist on his computer and re-organizing his Vinyl collection. His phone buzzed. He checked the messages.
From Bae:“I’m home alone and horny. Get over here.”
Nino was out the door and racing across town on his bike in a blink of an eye.



Afterword


End Notes
Thanks for reading! I'm still trying to get this together so it'll be a slow post.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



