



this is your wake-up - novembersmith - Generation Kill Enders
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

this is your wake-up call
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/155158.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Generation Kill, Ender's Game
Relationship:
Brad/Ray
Character:
Bradley Colbert, Ray Person
Stats:

        Published: 2011-01-23
        Words: 6219
      

this is your wake-up call
by novembersmith
Summary
“Person, I have to admit, I’m having trouble following your logic. What, exactly, do you think me hitting you with the butt of my gun will accomplish?”
Notes
This is an fusion with Orson Scott Card’s Ender’s Game, but hopefully is still understandable to those unfamiliar with the canon. If not, the Wikipedia page should clear things up. Probably it goes without saying, but there are spoilers at the wiki page, and also oblique spoilers within the story. As far as warnings go, there's is an off-screen secondary character death, other assorted acts of violence, and filthy language within. Also, I’ve aged everyone up from the canon a bit.I cannot thank my brilliant beta [info]attempt_unique enough – thank you SO MUCH for cheerleading, for being there when things were down to the wire, and for just generally being awesome. Also, a hearty helping of gratitude for my wonderful [info]brimtoast, who checked this fic over for unwanted tense shenangians and typos.



this is your wake-up call

“Go  on, do it,” Ray says, and closes his eyes and braces himself for the  blow. But he should have fucking known better, because a couple beats  pass and it still doesn’t come, and it still doesn’t come. He opens his eyes and turns around, glaring.Nate stares back at him, looking more bewildered than Ray’s ever seen him.“Person,  I have to admit, I’m having trouble following your logic. What,  exactly, do you think me hitting you with the butt of my gun will  accomplish?”Ray clutches at his own head, pulling at his hair in  exasperation – and hey, he’d always thought Sister Annette had been  exaggerating when she shouted ‘You make me want to pull my hair out!’ at  him after he’d innocently disabled one of the nun’s cars and  reassembled it into a hoverbike. Turns out that’s an actual thing.“Look,  my logic is good, it’s great, I’m good at wacky tactics and you know  it, or Brad wouldn’t have given me a toon, and normally I’d explain and  break it all down for you, but there’s not fucking time. Just hit me and  I’ll explain after.”But then Nate gets that stubborn look Ray  knew all too well from the Battle Room, the look when the adults fucked  them over, threw them at army after army in increasingly impossible  configurations, and Ray knows he isn’t backing down until he gets an  answer. Goddammit. Nate might be the best army commander on the station  (besides Brad, obviously), but sometimes he can be such an annoying  little shit.“Okay. Okay, so. Brad Iced Casey Kasem,” he says finally, willing Nate to understand so they can just get on with this already.Nate  closes his eyes briefly, and then opens them again, and they’re shining  and bright green. “I still don’t understand what this has to do with  you wanting me to beat you up.”Ray goes past wanting to pull out his own hair to wanting to scream. God, Nate doesn’t understand, hasn’t seen,  and once more Ray wants to murder the Bugger-buggering bastards that  run this godforsaken operation, who had seen fit for whatever  unfathomable cock-up of a reason to split up Bravo Army. Nate’s still  commander of Bravo, but in name only: they’d swapped out all the members  aside from Nate, left Nate with only total wet-behind-ear-launchies who  still get nauseous in zero-G to work with.And Brad was running a new army, Tango Army – Nate’s army – without him. Some bullshit about wanting to make sure Brad could  handle full command, and to make sure that Nate’s success wasn’t just a  fluke from him lucking out and having had the best kids on the station  assigned to his army.Bravo’s climbing up the standings now  (after a short stint at the very bottom), but Tango’s been on top since  it was first created and remains undefeated, even if it is being run by  the youngest commander in Battle School history.And now Brad’s  alone in his room, staring at the ceiling, still probably soaked from  that fucking shower, all because Godfather apparently thinks the only  way to mold a successful commander is to fucking torture them, fuck with  their heads and take away every shred of self-respect they have.  Because that makes tons of fucking sense. And now they’ve pushed too  hard, and Brad’s just… gone. Has checked out completely. Normally Ray  can read Brad easy as breathing, but this time, he can’t. Ray can guess,  but he doesn’t know, so he’s taking a giant leap of faith and doing  something stupid and crazy and hoping for the best.Or he would be, but Nate’s not cooperating.“It’s  too much,” Ray manages to get out, after doing a lot more hair-pulling,  practically dancing in place with impatience. “He’s – I don’t think it matters that he knows it’s not his fault. A kid’s dead because Brad killed him  with his bare hands.” And shit, he’s crying, he’s crying in front of  Nate fucking Fick, probably the biggest badass he knows outside Brad.  “He’s fucking gone, dude, you don’t even know how bad it is. He didn’t  even show up for the battle we had scheduled this morning.”“Jesus,”  Nate whispers, because they both know Brad is a competitive son of a  bitch who never gives less than his all, who takes pride in being the  best.  Brad sitting out a battle… Ray watches Nate process this  information as he stares at the flash gun in his hands. And finally, the  penny drops. “Oh. That’s… certainly thinking outside the box, Ray.”“That’s why they pay me the big bucks,” Ray jokes, trying to keep his voice steady, scrubbing at his face. “So you’ll do it?”Nate studies him for a moment. “I’ll do it. It might even help. But he won’t thank you for lying to him, you know.”“Yeah, yeah, whatever, he can hate me later,” Ray says, and tries not to let how sick he feels show on his face.Nate  cocks his head, then nods. “Okay. Turn around – I’m not hitting you in  the head. Brain damage would be going a bit too far in the name of  verisimilitude, and besides, this’ll work better if the hit’s on your  back.”Fucking Nate, always one-upping him. It’s immediately apparent that he’s right, though, so Ray turns around, closing his eyes.“Make  it look real,” he whispers, bracing himself, and then the blow comes,  right on top of his shoulder blade. He falls to his knees, eyes wide at  the shock of it. It takes him a second to get enough air to curse.  “Christ, fucking bug-fucking shit, ow ow ow.” He leans his  forehead against the cool wall for a moment, cursing in a steady stream  until the pain dulls down to something manageable, and when he finally  straightens, Nate looks a combination of amused and annoyed and worried.“Didn’t  really think that one through, did you, Person?” he says, reaching over  and giving Ray a hand up. “Don’t tense up, it’ll hurt worse.”“You don’t tense up,” Ray grits out, but Nate has a point, as usual, so he  tries to relax his muscles a bit. And okay, yeah, maybe he hadn’t really  thought about how faking an attack from Encino Man and his thugs would  involve him feeling the not-fake pain, but whatever, it’s over,  and Ray would totally suffer a thousand times worse if he had to. He  pulls his shirt back off, wincing as he moves.  “What do you think? Does  it look good?” He contorts himself, ignoring the bone-deep throb of  protest, trying to see his own back.Nate regards him with a professional eye. “Looks like someone came at you from behind and wasn’t pulling their punches, yes.”“Okay,”  Ray says, and doesn’t think about what will happen if this doesn’t  work, if Brad doesn’t hear him or doesn’t care. “Okay. I’ll give it an  hour or two to look less fresh.”He guesses he looks pretty  upset, though, because Nate pauses on his way out the door, studying  him, and then says suddenly, “Don’t worry. It’s a good plan, Ray.” And  then holy Christ, he’s pulling Ray into an actual hug, and it’s  stupidly making him want to cry again. Ray’s a touchy-feely person,  likes invading personal space and climbing in laps and being generally  obnoxious and hogging everyone else’s body warmth – he’s small, after  all, has no body fat, it’s just being efficient, Walt, really.But  Nate’s really, really not the type for that sort of thing, is too  serious and somehow dignified, even when he’s being playful. But he’s  hugging Ray now, and it’s breaking Ray’s brain a little.Then he  lets go, transmogrifying back into a cool professional badass again.  Like a magic trick. “I’ll let Poke and Lilley know that they saw the  whole ambush go down. Good luck.”“Thanks,” Ray says, voice  wobbling a little, and then Nate is gone, and it’s just Ray and the  bathroom stalls and sinks.  He stumbles over to one of the faucets and  wets his shirt with cool water, dabbing it over his shoulder and trying  to bring the redness down a bit.It’s funny. Ray used to hate  Nate with the burning passion of a thousand fiery suns, but that was  years ago. Now, outside of Brad, there’s no one he trusts or respects  more.When he’d first met Nate, though, he’d been predisposed to  loathe him, mostly on account of how he was obnoxiously perfect, but  maybe a smidge also because he’d stolen Ray’s best friend. Brad had been  advanced out of their launchy group before Ray, mostly because Ray  dicked around in class – Ray was brilliant, according to Sister Annette,  who alternately had seemed to want to worship him or strangle him, but  he had no drive.But then Brad, who had enough drive for twenty  Rays, had gone and excelled at fucking everything and gotten himself  placed in Nate’s army. Brad had still met Ray for meals, for evening  games of chess, and he’d even let Ray watch in on Nate’s unofficial  practice sessions, ignoring the taunts from his fellow soldiers about  letting a runt like Ray near a gun.But it wasn’t the same. Brad  had talked about Nate all the fucking time, with goddamned hearts and  stars in his eyes, which had pretty much incited Ray into being the  biggest dickrag of all time. Not his finest moments. He’d basically  spent two months bitching, and casting aspersions on Nate’s parentage,  and generally insinuating that Nate sucked exocock for money until Brad  had finally snapped.“Why are you even fucking here?”“What the fuck are you talking about. I’m here for the same reason you are – ‘cause I’m a fucking genius.”“For  once in your life, actually use your brain. Why do you think they’re  pushing us so hard, advancing so many little kids so quickly? The next  war’s coming, and Earth’s not ready–”“Aw, that’s adorable.  You and Fick gonna save the world, huh? Didn’t know idealism was  communicable through semen. Whoa, what the fuck, Brad, let me the fuck  go!”“Would you shut up for five fucking seconds and actually listen? Why are you here if you don’t goddamn care about anything?”“I care about you!”“Then why aren’t you with me?"And  then they’d both gone red and speechless, wide-eyed, while Ray had  wanted to stuff a dirty jock down his own stupid throat, but it’d been  the truth. Sister Annette and the other nuns had been nice enough, but  they hadn’t really gotten Ray, not really. Thought he was crazy smart  and also just plain crazy, when truth was, Ray had just always been so bored.Brad  was the first person that had ever listened when he talked, kept up  with his leaps of logic. And, okay, it sounded childish, but Brad was  the first person that he’d ever gotten to play with, who had laughed at  his jokes and helped him hack the main computer and play ‘Love is a  Battlefield’ through all the Battle Room speakers.Ray didn’t  care about the Battle School, about the machinations of the teachers, or  the world at all, really. Let the Buggers have it in a couple decades –  the world had never done much for Ray. No one had cared about a  starving homeless kid with a dead mother and a smart mouth, not until  he’d been able to do something for them, so why should he care about the  rest of the world? He had food, and shelter, and entertainment in the  form of a massive space station to fuck with and a friend to do it with.But  he cared about Brad. And Brad cared about the world, and the war, and  Nate fuckin’ Fick’s opinion, so after Ray and Brad had stared at each  other, both of them blushing and shuffling their feet for a few silent  minutes, Ray had spit out, “Fine. Give me three weeks.”Two weeks  later, he’d aced all the tests, passed his physical examinations, and  then broken in to Godfather’s personal quarters and delivered a rousing  speech about how much he wanted to get in the fight and save the world,  rah rah. He was summarily deposited in the quarters of Tango Army with a  frankly sort of boring lecture about how he had to respect the school’s  security system or they’d eject him into deep space without a suit.When  Tango Army had trooped in, fresh from their last battle, and Brad had  seen Ray, sitting on one of the bunks and kicking his feet diffidently,  he’d fucking glowed.And it turned out that Nate was a  cool guy, and so Ray’d stopped bitching about him so much. And maybe  Brad likes Nate better than Ray and goes all gooey-eyed over his  strategic brilliance and nobility and ideals and what the fuck ever, but  it’s Ray that makes Brad laugh until he snorts out his milk at lunch,  and Ray that’s at Brad’s right hand, and Ray that distracts Brad when  he’s angsting all over the place about being a good enough Commander. Or  whether he should do something about Poke and his girl, who are  fraternizing all over the place and thus possibly paying less than a  hundred percent attention to training, or whether he’s pushing Trombley  hard enough and getting him up to his full potential, blah blah, fucking  blah. Brad looks like he should be living up to his Iceman nickname, but he’s actually a big fucking marshmallow.And  that’s even without going into all the drama over his break-up with one  of the lieutenants that got transferred to another army a year back who  immediately began fucking her new commander – who happened to be one of  Brad’s former teammates. Seriously, do not get Ray started on that  shitstorm.Then the battles started getting more intense, and if  Ray had thought the teachers were fucking with them and being  manipulative dickfaces before, he got thoroughly schooled. Two, three  battles a day, and then they fucking shipped off Nate and put Brad in  charge. Brad started looking stressed and tired, stopped sleeping, got  huge fucking circles under his eyes.But if there’s one thing  Ray’s the best at, even if he’s not noble or good at long-term strategy  or making nice with the teachers, it’s at being distracting and keeping  Brad laughing, even when he’s exhausted  enough to pass out face-first  in his breakfast.But no jokes or verbal diarrhea or stupid acrobatics in zero-G while singing showtunes will fix what’s just happened.A  kid is dead. Three of the Shark Army boys had been dicking around Brad  for months. They’d started off with a vendetta against Nate for his  perfect record and Golden Boy status, but then Brad’d been advanced.  Brad, a kid five years younger than any other army commander, and he’d  gone on wiping the floor with the lot of them, even as the adults  started making the battles harder and harder, stacked further and  further against Tango.The teachers had sneered at Shark Army,  lowest in the standings, and then set up a battle where it was obvious  that they wanted Shark humiliated. Why, neither Brad or Ray could  understand, but apparently it was because they thought Brad hadn’t been  fucked in the head enough before. Shit got really bad after that.  Tango kids kept getting thrashed in the halls, whenever they were out  of sight of the teachers, but Brad seemed unconcerned.“Teachers won’t let it escalate too far,” he’d said. “We’ve got more important things to worry about.”“You  can’t count on the adults,” Poke had said skeptically. “They’ll let it  go far as they fucking think it can go,” and Ray had emphatically  agreed, and so had Walt and Lilley and even stupid fucking Trombley, but  did Brad listen? No, he went off alone to shower, and now a kid is dead  because he thought he and his two friends were enough for one naked  Brad Colbert.  And the dumb fuck hadn’t even realized he’d been  manipulated, that he was just a pawn in the great game of Making  Commanders and Winning the War.Ray’s best fucking friend killed  another kid, and Brad can’t cope with it, cares too much and too  deeply, so Ray has to remake the world into something that Brad can cope with. Is going to lie to do it, be worse than the fucking teachers  because for once, he’s letting them manipulate him. He knows they’re  watching all this, knows they’re hoping he’ll fix the fucking mistakes  they made, and he will. He hopes he will, because he can’t stand the  idea of losing Brad.Brad trusts Ray, trusts him totally and completely, and Ray’s a dirty, selfish, rotten coward.Half  an hour passes with him thinking dark thoughts at himself, nauseous  with worry as he examines himself in the mirror and judges the darkening  bruise –already turning a deep purplish black, which is sickly  fascinating. And then he can’t put it off any longer. The redness of  Nate’s blow has faded. He could have gotten this bruise this morning,  not half an hour ago, and that’s good enough.The rest of Tango  Army is still milling around outside Brad’s private room where Ray had  left them, after listening to Poke rant desperately at Brad about the  Iceman letting them down, Walt helplessly trying to coax a response from  him, even Trombley coming to Brad’s door and offering confused  condolences, because he doesn’t understand why killing that asshole was a  big deal, but he guesses it was for Brad, but now there’s a battle  going on and shooting some motherfuckers will make Brad feel better,  right?Ray had watched all that and hadn’t said anything, which  was pretty fucking momentous for him. Ray’s always got something to say –  except, apparently, on the one occasion he really, really fucking needs  to say something.And finally Ray had had to leave, had gone  pacing around the different levels of the space station until he’d seen  Nate’s army leaving the Battle Room. Nate was still carrying his gun and  looking uncharacteristically fierce and furious, angry the same way all  the kids are in the wake of Kasem’s death, and Ray had had the epiphany  he’d been waiting for and dragged a confused Nate off to a bathroom and  begged him to pistolwhip Ray, just a little.Now it’s showtime.Apparently  Tango Army’s given up on trying to coax Brad back from catatonia. A  couple of them brighten when they spot Ray approaching, but Ray doesn’t  say anything to any of them, just eases himself inside Brad’s quarters  and closes the door behind him.Brad’s still lying in the same  position he’d been an hour ago, is still naked from the shower and  staring up at the ceiling, hair dried weirdly flat. He hasn’t moved at  all.Brad doesn’t know it, but he’s still counting on his Ray Ray  to have his six, just like always, and goddammit, Ray damn well does.  He’s whipped up a plan, a good fucking plan, and carried out phase one.Now  it’s time to carry out phase two, except he can’t seem to open his  stupid mouth. He’s always been good at bullshitting, at flying by the  seat of his jumpsuit, but this time it matters, matters more than it  ever has in his whole fucking lifeThis has to go perfectly,  because Ray’s only got one shot, here, and fuck, he’s probably been  standing in the doorway staring long enough as it is. If Brad’s even  registered his presence. Which is just so fucked up – Brad’s always  lecturing Ray about his situational awareness, about keeping his senses  sharp, and  Ray can’t deal any longer with the dumb, mute version of his  best friend.Fuck over-thinking shit – that’s Brad’s job, and it’s about damned time he wake back up and start doing it.“You  done feeling fucking sorry for yourself?” Ray says brightly, and  launches himself out of the doorway and into the room, loud as he knows  how to be, manic and grinning. “Because it’s getting pretty fucking old  and I’ve got better things to do with my time than sit around here like  the fucking grumpy dwarf from Snow White, waiting for your prince to  come. You know the fucking Miss Earth contest’s starting next week, and I  still haven’t hacked the mainframe enough to get us a live feed.”Brad  doesn’t respond, so Ray sits on him. This also fails to produces a  response, so Ray leans down and raspberries Brad’s cheek. Brad blinks.  Encouraged, Ray bounces a little on Brad’s stomach, and Brad frowns and  actually looks at him. Hallelujah, praise Jesus. Ray is in fact  the most annoying fuck in this solar system; he wonders if Command will  give him a medal.“Oh, there’s someone still in there after all. Good, ‘cause you need to fucking hear what I’ve got to say.”Brad closes his eyes, turns his head away, and that shit’s just not on.  Ray gets his best shit-eating grin on and jabs Brad in the chest, hard,  and he knows Brad can feel it because he winces, just a bit.“Don’t  worry, princess, I’m sure you’ve already heard plenty of shit about the  war effort, and the absolute necessity of your contribution, but I hope  you know I’m not that predictable, because I’ve got something new to  say: I’m glad you killed that motherfucker.”Brad’s whole body  goes taut. And part of Ray knows that if he wasn’t so selfish, he’d let  Brad go, let Brad get shipped back to Earth to snap out of it, or to  just stay peacefully silent for the rest of his days.But Ray is  that selfish, so it’s a moot point. Besides, Brad’s a warrior. And he  hates his fucking white-bread family and creepy angry older siblings  anyway. If Ray lies to himself, he can believe he’s doing Brad a favor.“And  you know what, if I had the body of an Aryan godchild like you do,  I’dve fucking taken out that shitwagon and all the dingleberries he  rides with myself. But I’m the fucking runt, and not that I can’t take  care of myself, but when those fuckers got me alone, I sure as shit  didn’t have all the advantages you rode into battle with. It’s getting  pretty fucking offensive watching you pout about it like a goddamned  civilian who got dumped at prom.”Brad’s eyes had opened back up as Ray spoke, but it’s still a glorious, glorious shock when he actually says something.“They  got you alone,” he states, and he’s looking at Ray, processing even  though his face is still pretty blank. His voice is raspy, hoarse, and  it sounds like fucking aural gold, like victory and hugs and sunshine  and a decent meal after two months of starving on the streets.  “When?”“This  morning,” Ray shrugs, then winces, and that’s not even a front, because  motherfucker, Nate really had got him good. “Lucky Lilley and Poke came  along when they did, or I’d have got it worse.”Brad sits up,  and now he’s scowling. Ray feels almost faint with relief. It’s worked.  It fucking worked. Ray had known Brad cared about him – but some dark  little twisted sordid part of him is glad, glad of the confirmation.“Show me,” Brad snarls, and Ray twists, not suppressing the hiss of pain as he contorts himself, lifting his shirt.Brad swears, and lifts a hand, traces the edges of the bruise. His touch is cool, soothing.“I should have killed all three of them,” he says, voice deadly calm, and Ray inwardly cheers.“Fucking  right, you should have. That’s what I’m trying to tell you, homes, they  wouldn’t have stopped for anything less than one of them dying. They’d  have come after all of us in Tango Army eventually, with unfair fucking  odds, and if someone in this equation had to die, I’m glad it wasn’t me.  Or hell, I’m even glad it wasn’t Trombley.”He turns back around and lets his shirt fall back into place. Or, well, it would have fallen back into place, but Brad’s still got his hand on Ray’s back, carefully holding on.“No  one will fuck with you or anyone else again,” he says, and there’s  still pain in his eyes, still something bleak and horrified, but that’s  okay, he can come back from that. He’s in there. He’s talking. Ray will  take it. But he’s not done yet, not quite.“Hopefully Godfather  will stop fucking waving a red flag with our faces on it at Shark Army,  now. Or any other army,” he says nonchalantly. “Crazy asshole, getting  kids killed for his creepy-ass power games. Soon as we win this fucking  war and get back to Earth, I’m siccing Child Services on him, you  fucking watch me.” You’re not to blame, it’s not your fault, it’s theirs, it’s not your fault, dammit.“I’ll  cosign it,” Brad says, voice still frosty and deadly, and then he  stretches, wincing as he moves long-still muscles. Then his eyes narrow.  “Ray. You’re on top of me. Why are you on top of me?”“Oh god, you’re naked,” Ray realizes out loud, mortified that somehow this never occurred to him during the planning session or the grand speech portion of the evening, and Brad fucking laughs at him. “I mean, uh. I was overcome by your beauty, what can I say?” He  pauses thoughtfully, stroking his chin. “And also by how fucking  annoying you were being.”“As you say, I am an Aryan godchild,” Brad agrees, and his hand is still on Ray’s back, warmer now, rubbing in small soothing circles. It hurts,  but it’s an oddly good hurt, and Ray leans into the touch, likes the  way the pain deepens slightly – confirmation that his stupid, ridiculous  ploy worked. Ray really is a fucking genius sometimes. “Can’t blame me  for not noticing, because you, on the other hand, are a runt. A pygmy.  It’s like being tackled by a feather.”“Shut up,” Ray retorts automatically. “My growth spurt will be here any fucking day now.”“Mm. Keep telling yourself that,” Brad says, and then he’s sitting up, and oh sweet starfucking lord, he is naked and Ray is in his lap,  and Ray is starting to suspect that the whole adoration/possessiveness  thing he’s had going on for the past couple years has maybe had less  than noble underpinnings, because his mouth has gone totally dry.And of course, that’s when Walt sticks his head in the room. He takes in the scene and his eyes go huge.“Uh,” Ray says, but Brad just raises an eyebrow and says, “What is it, Hasser?”“Just, um. We got another battle assignment, going down in five minutes.”Brad nods perfunctorily, as though he hadn’t totally ignored the assignment they’d gotten six hours earlier. “Ray, off.”Ray  scrambles to his feet, not looking over when Brad stands, tall and  broader than any sixteen-year-old should be. Unlike Ray, who is  ridiculous and scrawny and even shorter than most of the new recruits,  who are only eight-fucking-years old. Unfair.Brad dresses  quickly, and if his hands are still a little shaky, well, whatever.  Ray’s not complaining. And judging by the whoops when they finally leave  his room, neither are any of their men. They’re all crowded around the  door, not even trying to hide the fact that they were eavesdropping.Poke slaps Brad on the back, relief bright on his face.“You really had us worried, dog,” he says, and Brad arches an eyebrow. “Battle this morning without you was a fucking rout.”  Less because Poke and Ray and the other toon commanders couldn’t cope,  and more because they were fucking distracted by their leader being  goddamned catatonic, but Poke has a point.“And here I thought  you infants could shit without me wiping your asses every five seconds,”  Brad retorts, and then looks around. “What are you dumbfucks still  doing here? Battle room in three. Let’s see some fucking hustle.”He strides off towards his bunk and starts dressing.“Iceman’s back,” Poke says, grinning from ear to ear.“Hoo fucking rah,” Ray agrees weakly, and goes to bang his head against a wall for a minute, while he's still got time.***Obviously,  they win the battle. And all the next ones, too – well, except for the  one against Nate, but that'd been a stalemate anyway, so it doesn't  count. With both Brad and Nate at the helm, Ray knows they’ll eventually  win the war. It might fuck them up a bit in the process – hell, every  kid in Battle School’s already fucked in the head, and if the taxpayers  back home complain about the cost of training them, wait ‘til they get a  load of the therapy bills – but they will win.Nate, Nate Ray  figures will be all right in the end. He’s got plans, is always ranting  about the inefficiency of the global political system, and it’s pretty  much set in stone that he’s going to rule the world some day. Nate’s got  goals. But Ray doesn’t think Brad’ll know what to do with Earth  after it’s been saved, if he’ll be able to cope with the pace of  standard, normal, boring living. He doesn’t have a goal outside the war  like Nate does, and he’s been running at top speed his whole life,  training and pushing himself to the limit.Ray figures, Brad  stays on the planet, there’s a strong chance he’ll turn into a  supervillain just to keep himself busy. And then Nate will fight him;  it’ll be a mess. Best to just nip that in the bud and keep on the move.So  basically, when Brad fucks off after the war’s over and becomes a space  explorer or whatever, as he will inevitably do once Ray explains the  logic to him, Ray’s coming with. Because, shit. He figures at some  point, when all his time and energy aren’t being eaten up with fucking  drills and training and maneuvers and exercise and lessons and all the  rest of the bullshit they put them through in this hellhole of a school,  he’s going to actually develop a healthy sex drive, not just  occasionally jerk off and collapse into a coma afterwards. And when that  happens, he wants to be wherever Brad is. Just in case.And even if Brad’s not interested, well. Ray could always fuck an alien, he supposes.“Hey, hey, Brad. Brad. Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad.”“What,”  Brad says, looking over the top of his datapad, where he’s typing away  furiously on his touchpad. Ray’s supposed to be catching up on Mohist  military histories himself, but he’s decided to boycott learning for the  next couple days. Fuck studying; he’ll just cheat off Brad. Instead  he’s lounging next to Brad’s on the bed, refreshing his skills of  technical reconnaissance by using his own pad to hack into Trombley’s  computer and send him flirty messages from Satan.“You think Buggers are any good in bed?” he asks, looking away from his very important work, making his eyes go large and dewy.Brad blinks, then says blandly, “I’d ask your mom, but she’s dead,” then goes back to work.“Oh,  Bradley, it’s little moments like this that make it all worthwhile,”  Ray coos drippily, and pillows his head on his arms for a moment  thoughtfully. Maybe he can code a virus that will flash hearts and  pentagrams on any computer screen that detects Trombley’s suit sensor  nearby. Yeah, he totally can.Brad looks up again and smiles, and it’s not one of his usual flavors, sarcastic or amused or angry, but something softer.“When  you’re right, you’re right, Ray,” he says, and then gets a weird look  on his face, raises a hand, hesitates, and then puts it on Ray’s back,  just below the bruise.It’s been a few weeks since Nate thumped  Ray a good one on the back, and the bruise has faded to a sickly green.  Brad keeps checking on it, though, making sure Ray has cold compresses  and advil. It’s cute, in a mother-hen sort of way, except when Brad  starts ranting about myositis ossificans and freaking Ray’s shit out.  But the likelihood of that happening has gone way down, so Ray’s not quite as nauseated about it any more.Suddenly,  Brad tosses aside his pad and it lands with a clatter. Ray looks up,  eyes wide, and then hisses when Brad presses down on the bruise, just  hard enough to remind Ray it’s still there, still sore.“So. Were you ever going to tell me?” Brad asks mildly, and Ray’s mind goes totally blank.“No,” he stutters out automatically. “How did you – did Nate –”“Godfather  told me,” Brad says, and his hand goes back to petting Ray, his face  one of polite curiosity. “He’s got the whole thing on vid. Showed it to  me.” Ray tries to sit up, but Brad presses him back down into the bed,  smiling, and for the second time in years, Ray cannot read him at all.“I’m – fuck, Brad, I’m sorry,” Ray says, screwing his eyes shut. “I just, I didn’t know what to do, and you were—”“I understand why you did it. And I know you won’t do it again. But you should have told me. At some point, anyway.”I didn’t want to lose you. “Yeah, well. I’m a coward like that.”Brad regards him thoughtfully. “You know why Godfather told me?”“Because  he hates me.” Ray pauses for a moment, then concedes, “And also maybe  because I filled his quarters with fire-retardant foam.” Ray’d been a  little angry after shit went down, so a week after Casem’d died, he’d  gotten at least a mild form of revenge. Better than nothing.Brad snerks, and then his face smoothes out again. “That may have been a factor,” he allows. “But no.”He rolls over onto his side and puts his head on his hand. He’s, uh, really really close, and staring in Ray’s eyes, and Ray’s about to have a major panic attack, here.“Nate  and I are shipping out tomorrow,” he says suddenly, watching Ray’s  face, which Ray strongly suspects has just fallen pretty fucking far. “I  told him I wouldn’t go without you. He… tried to disabuse me of the  notion. Said he knew how much I prized honesty. He told me I couldn’t  trust you, and that that’s not a good quality for a second-in-command.  That’s when he showed me the video. You manipulated me. You’re a good  liar; I’d never have guessed.”“Jesus fucking Christ, Brad,” Ray  manages to get out, and his heart is doing not-good, probably unhealthy  things in his chest, alien-chestburster-style.“But I do trust  you. Then he said you don’t follow orders well,” Brad continues  thoughtfully. “You don’t listen, you’re frivolous and reckless and not  suited for Command School.” He pauses, then continues, and his hand goes  back on Ray’s back. “I told him I was aware of that.”“Ouch,” Ray says weakly, but he’s smiling hugely. Brad still trusts him.“And  I told him that I don’t care. I want you there.” Brad leans forward and  brushes his lips over Ray’s, and Ray’s heart has a fucking seizure. “I  wouldn’t go without you, and Nate wouldn’t go without me. So we’re  shipping out tomorrow,” he finishes, leaning back, face the definition  of smug. Then he bites his lip, looking hesitant for a moment. “If you  want to go.”“Wait, go back to the kissing,” Ray says frantically, and struggles to get upright, and Brad laughs, loud and bright.“We’re  leaving at oh dark hundred, Ray,” he says fondly, and then gives in to  Ray’s probably pretty excellent puppy eyes and presses his mouth to the  corner of Ray’s. “You should get some sleep.”“Fuck you, I should get some sex!” But he is tired, and holy shit, he is so not ready for Command School, what the hell.  He really needs to catch up on those fucking military histories now. He  scrabbles for his pad again, torn between ripping at Brad’s clothes and  attempting to speed-read like mad.“Love you too, asshole,” Brad  says, and flops on top of him, utterly pinning him to the bed. Ray’s  pad falls to the floor with a loud crash, and he wiggles and complains  furiously before giving in. Brad is a fucking tank, and he’s way too  used to ignore Ray’s rants by now, the bastard.“Ray,” Brad says suddenly, after Ray’s gone dozy and warm. “Don’t ever hurt yourself like that again. Not for me.”Ray  would do a thousand worse things for Brad in a heartbeat; he’s not  alone in feeling this way, he knows. He knows the other boys worship  Brad, too. But not like this. And they’re not in his bed, and tomorrow,  they won’t be on the ship heading out to Saturn, to the base there.But Brad’s voice has steel in is, and he’s raised his head again and is glaring at Ray.“Say it.”One  more lie, then, and Ray promises himself it’s the last one. “Sure  thing, homes,” he says, smiling wide enough that his cheeks hurt. “No  sweat.”



Afterword


Works inspired by this one

(Podfic of) This is Your Wakeup Call by Novembersmith by chemm80



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



