



Through The Window - Lafaiette - Spider-Man - All Media
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Through The Window
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/1537574.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Spider-Man - All Media Types, Deadpool (Comics)
Relationship:
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson, Spideypool
Character:
Peter Parker, Wade Wilson, random guy
Additional Tags:
Voyeurism, Peter and Wade play a game, there is a pervert, Threats of Rape/Non-Con, Established Relationship
Stats:

        Published: 2014-04-28
        Words: 5014
      

Through The Window
by Lafaiette
Summary
It was their game and Peter enjoyed it immensely, as much as Wade did.
Thanks to a window without curtains, Wade can see what Peter does when he's not at home. Peter notices and humor and hot things ensue, but Wade is not the only one who likes watching him...



Through The Window

One of the windows of their apartment missed a curtain. Wade had accidentally tore it to pieces while practicing target shooting in the house; the glass behind it had been repaired, of course, but Peter’s glare had been so frightening and he had lectured the merc for so long that Wade had promised him to change all the curtains in the apartment with new, more beautiful ones.
A month had passed and the bare window had been forgotten, not so important after the washing machine broke. It actually let more light enter the living room and Peter often sat by it to read.
And now that he was on the external fire escape, free to look into their apartment without problems, Wade thought that he had been a genius. Sure, the glass also broke and Peter got mad, but he had created a golden opportunity. He could see everything and he could especially see Peter.
The mission had ended earlier and the young man wasn’t probably expecting him; he was unaware of his presence just outside the window and Wade grinned, licked his lips, and cautiously peeked into the living room.
Peter was sewing some clothes on the couch; they were mainly Wade’s clothes, tattered and torn in multiple places. His shirts were the most damaged and Peter was carefully sewing the thread of the right colour on the collar of a red one, his tongue between his teeth due to concentration.
“Aww, honey!” Wade whispered, his mischievous expression now softened. “Aren’t you cute?”
The young man cut the thread and lifted the shirt to observe it better; satisfied with the result, he smiled and took another one, turning it in his hands to find eventual problems.
“Oh, Wade…” he sighed fondly when he found a huge rip on a sleeve. “How did you even do this?”
The merc observed him from the window for a long time, forgetting his lewd thoughts from before. Peter repaired all of his clothes, often smiling at the weird holes that Wade himself didn’t know how got there; when he pressed Wade’s favorite sweater on his face to smell his scent, the merc blushed and let the familiar warmth that Peter gave him every day invade him.
“Dork.” he murmured when Peter closed his eyes, the sweater still pressed on his nose. “Petey, you are the cheesiest dork ever!”
Once every pair of jeans, shirt and sock were repaired, Peter got up, took the pile of clothes, and went into their bedroom to place them back into the closet and drawer. Wade stayed outside, now comfortably sitting on the fire escape. He waited for his boyfriend to come back into the living room and when he did, he carefully raised his head to see what he was doing now.
He was preparing ingredients and tools on the counter of their kitchenette, humming a tune and taking food out of the fridge, reading the expiration dates, the different cooking times, frowning when he couldn’t find something due to the number of unhealthy fast food bags that Wade had bought the day before.
“Where is the… oh, here it is.”
Wade noticed that he was making a lot of food. When Peter glanced at the clock on the wall, he did the same and smiled.
“You know I will come back home soon and you are making dinner for me, Peter?” the merc smiled sweetly, the blush spreading to his ears. “Fuck, I will have to punch the wall to feel manly again.”
Peter continued his cooking and preparations while Wade kept observing him. It was an odd experience, but it also relaxed him and it reminded him that Peter and the life they shared inside their cozy apartment was something to treasure and protect at all costs. The sound of cutlery and boiling soup, the scent of it, Peter’s voice humming the familiar tune made him fall into a sleepy state. The weather was also nice, the air crisp, but not chilly, so Wade closed his eyes and laid back, resting against the warm brick wall, his mind filled by Peter.
A sudden silence woke him up; there was still a nice smell coming from the window, but Peter wasn’t humming nor cooking anymore. Wade groggily sat up and peeked into the room again; the stove was still on, the food was almost ready and the table was set, but Peter was nowhere to be found.
“Maybe he went to the bathroom…” the merc looked at the now dark sky and frowned. “Huh, how much did I sleep?”
He rubbed his eyes to chase away the last trace of sleepiness and climbed down the fire escape, walking around the building until he found the other one that lead to their bedroom window. Nobody could see them from there and they always used it to leave and come back home after their superhero duty.
“Petey? I’m home!”
Silence. He walked into the kitchen, then to the stove to lift the lid of a pot and smiled.
“Aunt May’s special soup? Fuck yes!”
He put the lid back to its place, careful not to ruin anything meticulously prepared on the stove and counter, and searched for his boyfriend again.
Then he saw the note on the table, just next to a glass.

I went on patrol for a few minutes while dinner is braising.

“Braising?” Wade repeated, puzzled, but Peter had thought about that too and the following words explained it to him.

(It means to cook slowly) Don’t touch anything! I’ll come back soon and give you a proper welcome home :D 


Love, Peter

“Fuck.” Wade whined as the blush came back and spread to his neck. “Now I have butterflies in my stomach too.”
He went to change into something more comfortable with the biggest grin on his face and didn’t see the shadow outside the curtainless window. Peter, in his Spider-Man costume, slowly crawled on the wall, hidden by the darkness. When he had gone outside to patrol, he had seen immediately the big and tall figure of Wade asleep on the fire escape. It wasn’t hard to imagine what he had been doing and Peter snorted under the mask.
“Maybe he hoped to see something sexy.” he mused, then grinned. “Mh, that doesn’t sound so bad.”
He crawled all the way around the building, reached the window of their bedroom they always left open, then jumped in, just when Wade walked into the room wearing loose sweatpants and one of the shirts Peter had repaired for him earlier.
“Baby boy!”
Wade opened wide his arms and Peter hugged him, nuzzling his neck as the merc gently removed his mask and kissed the top of his head.
“How was the mission Fury assigned to you?” Peter asked as they stumbled together towards the bedroom.
“Good! It wasn’t difficult, I… I came back just two minutes ago.”
Peter smiled against his neck and let him change topic while he stripped out of his Spider-Man costume. Wade of course helped him, his hands lingering on his body and giving playful gropes here and there.
“Dinner is ready.” the young man said, taking a scarred hand and leading his boyfriend into the living room without breaking eye contact, his smile bigger. “Wanna take a shower together later?”
Wade grinned back at him.
“Hell, yes!”
Peter looked at the window without curtains and faked a worried expression.
“Also I think it’s time to buy new curtains, honey. What if someone see us wearing our costumes inside the house?”
“No!” Wade made his infamous puppy eyes, which were too hard to ignore for Peter. “Nobody in the building next to this one lives at our same floor! Also you are a master at hiding in the shadows and I am fucking good at stealth!”
“Good at stealth? You?” Peter raised an eyebrow, smiling amusedly, and Wade pouted, smacking his arm.
“Yes, me, you little spider without faith. Anyway, there is no need to buy a new curtain. You love that spot, you always sit there to read now!”
“It’s good, yes.” Peter admitted, deciding to play a little more. “But it doesn’t look good like this and it makes me a little… huh, anxious.”
“It never did until now.” the bald man whined, hugging him and resting his head on his shoulder. “Come on, Petey, forget the curtain and let’s eat. I want to take that shower with you!”
“Oh, I see.” Peter poked his side, making him yelp. “You are too lazy to choose and buy new ones, right?” Fortunately Wade didn’t notice the amusement and light irony in his voice and nodded quickly, too quickly.
“O-Of course! You know I’m a lazy ass!”
Peter stared at him for a long time, his smile never faltering, and Wade started fidgeting and looking around the room.
“W-What?!” he babbled when he couldn’t take it anymore. “It’s true, I can’t choose curtains, they are one of my worst enemies! You have to pick the right length, the right colour, the right fabric…”
“Truly a difficult task for a trained soldier.” Peter giggled as they went to the kitchenette to finally prepare the plates. “Come on, big guy, help me with the soup. The window can wait.”
“Yes!” Wade exclaimed under his breath, triumphantly, and Peter turned his head to hide his smirk.
 
Two days later Wade went out for another mission, this time a shorter one.
“I should come back before dinner.” he assured Peter and the young man saw the way he was smiling, the anticipation in his eyes, and realized Wade had intention of coming back way earlier to observe him again.
‘Two can play this game, honey.’ he thought, barely containing his excitement, as he kissed his boyfriend and watched him leave from the bedroom window.
When it was about time for Wade to come back, Peter started to put his plan into action. He walked around the house wearing only a pair of boxers and when it was time to make dinner, he licked suggestively the spoon, even letting some tomato sauce drip on his bare chest. He smirked when a gasp came out of the window; he ignored it and took a napkin to wipe the sauce off in a slow, seductive manner, taking extreme care in touching his nipples and then licking his fingers, one by one.
Few minutes later a flustered Wade scrambled into the room from the bedroom and Peter looked innocently at him.
“Hi, honey! How was the mission?”
Wade spluttered something and the young man raised his eyebrows, looking at his crotch.
“Is that…?”
The merc looked down and cursed when he saw the hard bulge on his suit.
“I… I was thinking about you on the way home and…”
Peter’s smile could light up the entire Avengers Mansion, now, and Wade gulped, mumbling some more nonsense until his boyfriend laughed and took him to the bedroom, where he took care of his erection.
 
- - -
 
One week later, Peter did it again, knowing that Wade would be outside the window hoping to catch more sexy glimpses of him.
He complied.
The pants were the first to go, followed by the shirt; Peter was once again walking around the house in his red and blue boxers, a gift from Wade. He hummed the familiar tone while doing the chores, bending in lascivious way as he faced the window, complaining about the hot weather and rubbing a wet towel on his neck. Every time he did something, a whine or gasp came from outside and he almost couldn’t stifle the laughs.  
There were popsicles in the fridge and Peter started eating one, flickering his tongue on the tip like he had done so many times before with Wade’s penis. Something - someone - tripped on the fire escape outside, but Peter pretended to have heard nothing and went on, sucking the popsicle and imagining it was really Wade’s dick.
The idea made him hard and he slowly slipped a hand under his boxers, forgetting the popsicle and focusing on the mental image of  his naked boyfriend. He moaned softly, his thumb rubbing the head already wet with precome, and just then Wade, the real Wade, appeared in front of him, panting and naked.
“H-Hi.” Peter gasped smiling up at him and Wade, his expression a mix of arousal and surprise, hurried to help him lower his boxers, swearing under his breath when he tripped and almost crushed Peter.
The young man giggled and they spent the next hour writhing and playing on the couch, their laughs mixed with moans and cries of pleasure.
 - - -
 
During a mission with the Avengers, Peter temporarily lost his super-strength.
A small terrorist group had created a serum to weaken superhero powers and make them completely harmless, but it had been discovered before it could be completed. Still, it had maintained a feeble effect and one of the terrorists managed to throw a bottle of it at Peter. Only his super-strength was affected and Banner assured him that it would come back in a few days, but it was almost a shock feeling so… weak again. He could still stick on everything and use his spider-sense without problems, but it wasn’t the same without the ability to lift cars, smash walls and throw powerful punches.
“It’s better if you don’t go on missions and patrols until your powers are fully back.” Banner told him and Wade insisted about it too. To be fair, he absolutely prohibited him to go out.
“Stay at home, relax, don’t get into trouble. Don’t you dare stepping outside of this apartment, Peter!” Wade said, even threatening to hide the Spidey costume until Peter reassured him and told him that he had no intention of going on patrols.
“I know how dangerous it would be.” he smiled at his boyfriend and stroked his cheek. “Can you check on the city for me though?”
Wade’s eyes widened. When he wasn’t away on missions, he and Peter often patrolled together and helped the other Avengers with minor and major problems. He had never protected the city alone, though, it wasn’t Deadpool’s job, it had never been. Now Peter was giving him full support, asking him the big favor of doing what Spider-Man couldn’t temporarily do. He trusted him and believed in him; Wade couldn’t be happier and, at the same time, more anxious and worried.
“Are you sure?” he asked in a low voice, a whisper, and Peter nodded and kissed his lips.
“Yes.” he answered. “Use my web-shooters to move faster.” He laughed, pressing their foreheads together. “Some people still mistake us for each other anyway.”
“O-Okay. I can do that.” Wade was blushing, he looked like a child who had been finally given a huge, important responsibility. “I… I mean, how difficult can it be?” He raised  his hairless eyebrows, grinning.
“Can I use my katanas? I could do the best moves while swinging with the webs!”
“Only if necessary. And you can’t use them to kill people.”
Wade frowned.
“… Can I at least shoot?”
“No!” Peter squished his cheeks and glared at him. “No killing, Wade! Immobilize the bad guys with the webs and use your weapons only on the non-vital parts of their bodies! Is that clear?”
Wade nodded and when Peter let him go, he smiled brightly at him.
“Don’t worry, sweetums, I will be the best Spidey ever!”
“There are also people who can tell us apart now, though.” Peter mused, sighing and returning the smile. “I think this will help Deadpool’s reputation too.”
So Wade left the house every night, using the web-shooters to move across the city (and he was very good at it, Peter had to admit) and leaving the guns at home… albeit begrudgingly. And Peter could tell when he came back and sat on the fire escape, hidden by darkness, his eyes staring at him.
It was their game and Peter enjoyed it immensely, as much as Wade did. One time, he walked out of the bathroom completely naked after taking a hot shower, the towel that he usually wrapped around his hips now used to dry his hair and chest.
A second time, he slept on the couch with the red and blue boxers a little lowered to show better the outlines of his manhood and the happy trail. Once again, he heard Wade scramble to his feet and going all around the building to climb the other fire escape outside their bedroom window, stumble into the apartment and finally join him on the couch, already naked.
“Hi there…” Peter smirked with sleepy eyes. Wade’s were playful, a little bit crazy due to lust and the whole sexual energy he had kept at bay. Quietly, he traced his fingers along Peter’s back, causing him to shiver and squirm with a snort, and then kissed him, the other hand already playing with his happy trail.
Neither of them mentioned the game, but Peter intended to continue and he knew Wade was absolutely all for it.
 
- - -
 
Three days after the incident with the serum, a package came.
Wade wasn’t at home, busy with the Avengers at the other side of the city; Peter was feeling better, but his special strength wasn’t back yet, so he still couldn’t take part in any mission.
The package was a bit surprising, but it wasn’t the first time he had received one. Wade loved sending him stuff out of the blue, both when he was away and simply to make him happy and be funny. 
There was a note attached and Peter opened it while lifting the top of the box; he blinked, astounded, and carefully picked up the frilly lingerie set folded inside. He gulped and finally read the note, needing information.

Wear it later, at around 6 PM, and do the same thing you did with the popsicle days ago. I wanna see you come.

It was printed, not handwritten, and there wasn’t any joke, any funny innuendo. It was a brief and cold sexual request and Peter felt a bit mortified, especially after examining the lingerie.
Damn, it was obscene. It was nothing like the things Wade liked to wear once in a while - those were classy, their simplicity made them sexier, appealing, especially on his scarred body.
The panties Peter had in his hands right now were transparent, they didn’t leave anything to imagination, and the fishnet of the stockings was too big.
“I wonder where he bought this…” the young man murmured. “It isn’t his style at all.”
However he complied and when the clock stroke 6 PM, he took off his clothes and wore the whole set, stockings included. Usually it was Wade the one who wore dresses, but he had taught Peter some things about drag and the young man had accepted to wear feminine clothes during sex in the past. So this wasn’t new and the idea of Wade observing him in that state actually aroused him.
He thought about the sex they had the day before, the way Wade’s mouth had closed around his manhood, his rough fingers caressing his skin, his gasp when he had slipped into him.
“Hmm…” Peter moaned, one hand twisting gently, the other one touching his balls. He closed his eyes, imagined that those were Wade’s hands. He couldn’t feel the scars, the hot breath, nor he heard the jokes and sweet nicknames, but Wade’s smile was burned inside his mind and he focused on that, calling his name as his index finger found the slit on the wet head.
“A-Ah! W-Wade…!”
He writhed, the movements of his hands now frantic, and with a shiver and Wade’s name on his lips he came, hot sperm dripping all over his fingers and the panties.
He laid back, head resting on the couch and eyes closed, and breathed deeply; when he heard the heavy footsteps, a smile appeared on his lips.
“Hi, honey.” he sang and giggled when big hands fell on his face and stroke his cheeks. Big, smooth hands… He frowned and hastily opened his eyes.
There was a man above him, a man who wasn’t Wade.
“What the…?!”
He got up, scrambling to his feet, and blushed when he remembered what he was wearing.
“W-Who are you?” Peter exclaimed, stepping back as the man approached him with a hungry stare. There was nothing special about him, apart from the height and body type similar to Wade’s. Peter had never seen him before, but he didn’t look like a burglar; his clothes were simple, colorful, his face was bare…
“Listen, dude, I… I don’t know who the hell you are and what you are doing here, but…”
“Oh, come on, stop playing and give me what I want!” the man scoffed, pushing Peter against the wall and seizing his arms. His tone became sultry, low, a purr. “You did all those sexy scenes for me, didn’t you? Even Deadpool stopped by your window to drool on you!”
“E-Excuse you?” Peter narrowed his eyes and made to push the guy away… in vain, because his super-strength still wasn’t back.
‘Oh no. No, this is bad. Very bad.’ He felt as helpless as he had felt when he was younger, beaten every day by the bullies at school. He couldn’t defend himself, he was weak, and this time there was something worse than punches and kicks waiting for him.
“You are a dirty boy.” the man purred groping his crotch and making him cry out in pain; his touch was painful, disgusting, and Peter tried to move his arms, but the guy was strong, tall, and didn’t even budge.
“I just moved into the apartment in front of your window. At first I thought you just liked going around your house like that, but then…” he licked his neck and Peter shivered, not in pleasure, but in fear. “Then I realized that you did that only in this room, where I could see you. Very sexy.”
“Like hell I did that for you, you sick perv!” Peter growled, never ceasing to wriggle. “I didn’t even know you were living there and could see everything! Let me go!”
“Don’t tell me you did it for that freak that lives here, because I don’t believe you.” the perv bitterly replied. “Plus you accepted my gift and did what I wrote in the note!” He grinned, a sight that Peter had never wished to see in his life.  “Admit it, you wanted to send me a message. It must be difficult having sex with that scarred monster of your boyfriend, huh?”
He started unfastening the belt of his jeans, holding Peter’s wrists above his head and the young man pressed against the wall. “Don’t worry, I’m here now… I’ll make you feel good, don’t worry.” The pervert groped his crotch again, frowning when he didn’t feel any erection under the panties. “Oh, come on! I will do a better job than that freak could ever do in years!”
“Don’t you dare calling Wade like that! The only freak and monster here is you!” Peter cried out, slapping his face and kicking his groin; it wasn’t enough to push him away, though - that man must have been a soldier or a trainer -, and Peter couldn’t dodge the hand that hit his cheek, making him see stars.
Just when the man was about to drop his pants and push him on the floor, a shoot resonated in the room. Peter had never been happier to hear that sound before.
The pervert turned around at the speed of light and his jaw dropped at the sight of Deadpool aiming a gun at his head.
“Okay, you little shit.” the merc growled. “Walk away from the young man and smile at the camera. You are going to die.”
“N-No!” Peter intervened; that guy was a filthy bastard, but he couldn’t accept any death. “Wa… Deadpool, please, don’t!”
Wade frowned under the mask.
“Pe- uh, dude, what the hell are you saying? He… he almost…” he glared at the pervert kneeled on the floor, who was crying and begging him not to shoot, and shouted: “God, I fucking have to kill him! Put a bullet in that filthy brain of his and cut open his chest until his insides are all scattered on the floor!”
The guy yelped and sobbed louder, shaking so hard they could hear his teeth chatter.
“Deadpool.” Peter whispered and Wade grunted; the young man walked over to him and put a hand on his raised arm, until the merc finally lowered it.
“Honey.”
Wade looked at him and, after seeing his small smile, the eyes still scared and his almost naked state, sighed.
“Fine!” he snarled, going to the sex fiend and lifting him from the floor using a single hand. “I don’t want to see you in this neighborhood - no, scratch that - in this city ever again.” He lowered his voice to a growl, furious and dangerous. “Are we clear, you bastard? I will slit your throat open if you come back here.”
“Y-Yes, I swear! I swear! I-I’ll take my stuff and disappear!”
Wade let him go and the man ran out of the window, whimpering in panic. Silence fell in the room and Peter sighed with extreme relief.
“Are you okay?”
Wade had walked next to him, his mask removed; his expression was sad, worried, and he gently cupped Peter’s cheek.
“Yes.” Peter relaxed into his touch, closed his eyes and let out another sigh, this time shaky. “God, I was so… scared and…” he looked at his boyfriend, smiling. “Thank you for saving me, Wade.”
“Fuck, Peter, I’m so sorry, I should have come sooner, I…” Wade caressed his face, kissed his forehead, then his mouth, and his lips stayed for a long time on his. Then he slowly pushed him away to look at his lingerie.
“What the hell are you wearing? This is not mine! It’s… it’s horrible!”
“I-I know. That guy sent it to me.”
“He what?!”
Wade was starting to fume again, but Peter hugged him and put one of his scarred hands - God, he loved them so much! - on his hip.
“Wade.” he pleaded him with his eyes. “Please, I want to take off this disgusting lingerie and…” now that the worst had passed, he felt like crying and he did, the effect of the adrenaline going away and leaving his body dry. “And I want to stay with you.”
The merc held him closer and lulled him, murmuring sweet words into his ear, reassuring him and promising nothing like this would ever happen again.
“Come, Peter.”
They went into their bedroom, where nobody could see them, and Wade gently, oh so gently, took off the lingerie from Peter’s body and threw it out of the window.
“This is the touch I love.” Peter said as they fell on the bed, his fingers tracing Wade’s scars, his mouth brushing against his chapped lips.
They kissed and touched each other until they started breathing heavily, longing for more, for a deeper contact; Wade never stopped whispering into Peter’s ear, peppering his face with kisses as he prepared him, murmuring words like “safe, always safe” and “don’t worry, baby boy”.
Peter wrapped his arms around him and smiled, locking eyes with him.
“Hey.” he called.
“Hey.” Wade kissed his lips and Peter, spreading his legs to signal him he was ready, said: “I’m yours.”
And Wade, slipping slowly into him, returned the smile and pressed their foreheads together.
The only noises in the room were the sound of their skin, the creaks of the bed, and their moans and gasps. Peter closed his eyes and tightened around Wade’s, enveloping him in his warmth; he listened to his moans and he cried out in pleasure too, especially when the scarred man started talking again and grasped his erection.
“Peter… P-Peter… I…”
His rough fingers rubbed the base of the length, the thumb played with the head, and Peter had to stop him, his gasps and sounds already too loud.
“D-Don’t make me come now! More!” he giggled and Wade moved the hands from his dick onto the bed, to pound into him better.
“Peter…” the merc panted. “I… I watched you from the window too. When I came back earlier from the missions… huh!”
“I-I know.” the young man answered and he laughed seeing Wade’s astounded face. “I did all those shows for you.”
“You little…!” Wade burst out laughing and his thrusts became stronger and faster. “I mean, I suspected it! But… but…”
They giggled together and the laughs soon turned into happy whimpers and exclamations. Wade grunted, bit his lips, and with a final thrust he made Peter come all over his chest with a high moan.
“K-Keep going…!” Peter panted and Wade did, pounding into him until he came too, filling him.
He flopped next to Peter and tangled their limbs together, brushing back from his forehead his sweaty hair.
“Huh.”
Peter blinked and slightly lifted Wade without effort.
“… My super-strength has come back.” he frowned, letting him go and resuming the cuddles. “Wow, what a timing.”
Wade chuckled and kissed the palm of his hand, saying: “We are going to  buy new curtains tomorrow. Thick, long curtains.” He grinned, suddenly excited. “Petey, we could buy ones with our logos on them! Damn, that would be amazing!”
“No.” Peter smiled and rested his head on the big, scarred chest. “But I’m sure we will find good ones. I trust your judgment.” His smile grew bigger. “The news praised you a lot in the past days, you know? You did a great job, Wade. I’m proud of you.”
He was sure Wade was blushing and his embarrassed, but happy hum confirmed it. So he raised his head and pressed a sweet kiss on his lips.
“You know what? We can’t put curtains with our logos in the living room, but what about here?”
Wade’s answer was an enthusiastic smile.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



