



Unexpected - betweenjaemin - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Unexpected
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14812262.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Smut, Fluff and Smut, Police Officer Jeon Jungkook, Barista Park Jimin, Delivery Boy Park Jimin (BTS), Bottom Park Jimin, Top Jeon Jungkook, I am going to hell, Side Namjin if you squint
Stats:

        Published: 2018-05-31
        Words: 6104
      

Unexpected
by betweenjaemin
Summary
“You alright there?” Jimin asked. “N-no, yes, n—, I’m okay.” Jeongguk stutters. Jimin smirks again and starts advancing towards Jeongguk. “Are you nervous?”“N—” he started.  “I caught you staring at my ass,” another step closer to Jeongguk.  or jikook fic where run!bts ep 47 jungkook meets run!bts ep 45&47 jimin
Notes
hi everyone, this is my first fic for this fandom and also the first smut i have ever written in my entire life — it was supposed to be a short 2k fic but it ended up becoming 6k words omfg i need to cleanse myself fdfjjgknonetheless, enjoy ;u;

          See the end of the work for more notes




Unexpected

This was not what Jeongguk was expecting.  “Fuck, it’s so hot.” Jeongguk grumbles as he pulled his shirt off him. June. Summer has arrived – it was nearly 38 degrees out; the heat radiating into his living room. It was finally his day off. Jeongguk groans as he plopped down onto his sofa, an ice-cold glass of beer in his hand and a bag of chips in another. He sighs. It had been a long, arduous month. With the recent manpower cut, his supervisor, Namjoon, started piling tons of paperwork on Jeongguk’s desk. He had been working continuously and twice as many shifts as before; it was definitely tiring him out. All he wants right now was to enjoy his day off doing nothing. Jeongguk picks up the remote control and switches the TV on. Sweat droplets and condensation from his beer trickle down his torso, fuck, the heat is unforgiving. He bore his eyes into the electronic box in front of him, eyes drooping close. The doorbell rings, jostling Jeongguk awake from his nap. Reluctantly, Jeongguk opened his eyes, bringing his hand up to shield them from the rays of the harmful sun. Once he is able to focus, Jeongguk takes in his surroundings. The sun is setting, and the TV is showing the reruns of an old cliché drama. The doorbell chimes, again. “Who is it?” Jeongguk groans, slightly annoyed at whoever is at the door, having woken him up from his slumber. He took a swing of his beer, now lukewarm. “Ugh, gross.” He grumbled as he slams the glass back down onto the coffee table. “Delivery for Jeon Jeongguk-ssi!”Jeongguk makes his way to his front door, pulls it open and was met with a shock. Standing right on his door was the most beautiful man Jeongguk had ever laid his eyes upon. The man, not much taller than himself, stood next to a package resting on a trolley. He donned a blue vest over his black T-shirt with a pair of matching sweatpants. The owner of the voice has blonde locks tucked underneath his black cap, low enough to protect from the sun but also high enough to expose his eyes, so brown and so mesmerising. “Good afternoon! I’m here to make a delivery for….” the delivery boy voice fades as he looked up from the receipts in his hands. Jeongguk caught his eyes scanning Jeongguk’s body as if he was a prey ready to be eaten, he averted his gaze hurriedly. The delivery boy lifted a pointed finger, directly at a shirtless Jeongguk. “What are – oh shit, sorry, be right back!” Jeongguk sputtered. He runs back into his apartment, leaving a startled blonde on his doorstep, in search for the piece of clothing he threw off hours ago. Jeongguk found the white item draped across on his dining chair, hastily put it on and made his way back to the door. “Sorry, I – it – the weather was unbearable.” Jeongguk mumbled with his head lowered, hand reaching over to scratch the back of his neck. “It’s alright,” the delivery boy singsongs and Jeongguk’s heart pings, thankful to have such sweet melody graced his ears.“So, I have a package, you said?” Jeongguk started, hoping to change the topic as quickly as possible, hoping to forget the embarrassing incident that happened seconds before.  The delivery boy stares at the receipt in his hands, “You ordered a full-length mirror from IKEA, scheduled to be delivered today, is that right?” “Oh, yes, that’s right, c’mon in.” Jeongguk confirms, as he stood aside and made way for the blonde to wheel his package in. “Where should I place it?”“By the dining table is fine, here let me help you.”After a gruesome 10 minutes of ripping off the package, plastic covering and tapes, Jeongguk got his full-length mirror placed nicely by the dining table. The mirror is beautiful, rose gold borders with intricate carvings resting on a sturdy stand, reflecting light off the sun, illuminating the dark dining area. Jeongguk stood up, dusting his shorts, and then proceeds to wipe his face with his shirt. He looked over towards the delivery boy. He had his vest removed, exposing his now soaked black top that clings to his body, showing off his physique. Despite being smaller than Jeongguk, he observed that the man has well-defined pectorals and arms.  “Can I offer you a drink?”“No, it’s okay, I have one more delivery to complete after this.” The blonde replied as he puts on his vest. “C’mon just one glass of water, I’m sure after all that moving and this stupid heat, you must be thirsty. A glass won’t hurt.” The blonde hums in response, contemplating as if Jeongguk’s asking a lot of him, before giving in. “Well then, ice water will do, thanks.”Jeongguk smiled at his little victory, beckoning the blonde to follow him to his kitchen. Jeongguk poured two glasses of water, one for himself and one for the other. The man before him gulped down the water hurriedly, quenching his thirst.  “Thanks for helping out er…” “Jimin, I’m Park Jimin,” The delivery boy shrugged, “Just doing my job, thanks for the water anyway.”Jeongguk nods in acknowledgment, eyes lost in the blonde’s, not paying attention to the words coming out of his mouth. “Jeongguk-ssi?” Said blonde waves his hand in front of Jeongguk’s face, breaking him out of his trance. “Huh? Oh – yeah, I’m – oh, I mean, no problem.” Jeongguk stammered. The man placed a hand over his mouth and giggled shyly, before turning around making his way back to his truck. Jeongguk leaned against his doorframe and stares at the blonde’s back, wondering when he would have the chance to see him again. Just then – “Hey, Jeongguk-sshi?”Jeongguk looks up to see Jimin has one leg in his truck, ready to slide in but his head turned towards Jeongguk. “Yeah?”“You had your shirt on backwards,” Jimin called out before chuckling and getting into his truck. “See you around!”Jeongguk looks down at his shirt and groans before slamming the door shut. Way to make a good first impression on the most beautiful delivery man he ever seen.  - “Jeongguk, I need you to come over to the station right now.” Jeongguk groans as he brought his hand up to rub his eyes before he slaps it across his face. He looked over to his alarm clock resting on his bedside table. “Hyung, it’s 8 fucking am on a Saturday, why do I need to go over to the station?!” “We have a problem, it is an emergency” Namjoon states. “What sort of emergency would require me – “ “Just get your fucking ass over here, Jeongguk,” Namjoon ordered hastily before cutting the call. Jeongguk threw his phone down on his bed and grumbles. It was Saturday, he had plans – well, plans to stay in bed the whole day and eating pizza, but plans nonetheless – now it’s ruined thanks to Namjoon. Jeongguk kicks his duvet off him and let out a loud yawn stretching his hands overhead. He stood up and grudgingly made his way to the showers. Jeongguk reaches the station in an hour and raps knock on Namjoon’s door. “Come in.”Jeongguk steps into his office and was shocked to find Namjoon sitting behind stacks of files, fingers frantically flying across the keyboard eyes fixed on the laptop screen. Namjoon’s eyes were puffy and bloodshot, his tie hung loose on his neck, and there are three abandoned mugs of coffee on the table by his side. To say that Namjoon is tired is an understatement. Namjoon looks wrecked. Confusion sits on Jeongguk’s face, Namjoon might be his superior but he is first Jeongguk’s best friend.  “What is going on, hyung?”“The chief just dumped a pile of old case notes on my desk, asking me to sort them according to year, by tonight.” He stresses, “How am I supposed to finish sorting them and finish my current report both by tonight?! You are going to help me with it.” “You made me come over to the station on my precious, Saturday morning just to help you sort fucking case notes?!” Jeongguk screeches and threw his hands up in the air. Namjoon winces, shoulders scrunching upwards. “I’m sorry, Guk, would you help me, please? I’ll buy you a meal this week, just help me now before I get my ass fucking fired.” Jeongguk rubs his face and sighs in defeat, after all, there is some truth in what Namjoon said. “Fine, only because the Chief is a fucking pain in the ass. And, Jin-hyung would come after me if you were to die here.”  A pink tinge appears across Namjoon’s cheeks and he grins, “Thanks, Guk, I knew I can count on you.” “You bet.” 4 hours and three more cups of coffee later, Jeongguk finally finished sorting the old case notes and Namjoon submits the report, all in time before their Chief could come after both their asses. Namjoon leans back into his chair, legs propped up on his desk, “Fuck, so glad we’re done. What would I have done without you, Guk?” “You still owe me lunch,” Jeongguk states as he raises his brows. “Fine, let me clear up this mess and then let’s get outta here, I know a new place just opened up down the street.” Namjoon suggested as he knocked over one of his forgotten coffee mugs, spilling cold coffee all over his desk. “Shit!”Jeongguk sighs, “why not you go freshen up while I help you with this?” “Yeah, okay, thanks. Sorry, Guk.” Namjoon says sheepishly as he made his way out of his office.  -  After lunch, they decided to head to a nearby coffee shop just to catch up on their lives apart from the station. As Namjoon went off searching for a table, Jeongguk headed for the queue. There are three people in front of him, and as Jeongguk looks up, a blur of blonde hair caught his eyes. “One caramel macchiato, coming right up!” Jeongguk ears perk up at the familiar voice. He strains his neck, looking over the shoulder of the person in front of him and that’s when he sees him. Jimin, beautiful Park Jimin. Jimin was wearing a white button-down shirt with sleeves that reached his elbows and a pair of black slacks that hugs his legs, accentuating his round butt. Jeongguk gulps as he watches Jimin work his way around the coffee machines, tampering and levelling the coffee beans, face full of concentration. “Here you go, Sir. One caramel macchiato. That will be four dollars.” Jimin chirps. Jeongguk has his gaze fixed on the barista. Eyes scanning and analysing his every move, before long, it was Jeongguk’s turn to order.“Next – Oh hey! Jeongguk, right?” Jeongguk swallowed down a gulp as he wipes his sweating palms on his pants. “Y-yeah, Jimin-ssi?” “Oh, you remembered me!” Jimin exclaims and gives Jeongguk a wide smile, eyes disappearing into crescents. Jeongguk returns his smile, cheeks tinged pink.  Jeongguk’s eyes travelled down to his thick lips, and he wishes he could feel how soft they would be against his. “Your smile is so pretty...” Jeongguk blurts out. Jimin’s lips forms an ‘o’ and blushes.“Jeongguk,” he startsJeongguk’s face turns beet red as he redirected his gaze upwards. “Sorry, I just… think that your smile is really pretty,” Jeongguk apologises, pulling at his collar, avoiding Jimin’s eyes. “You’re cute, Jeonggukkie.” Jimin laughs. “Well then, what can I get for you?”Jeongguk blushes, duck his head under his shoulder and mumbled, “Two iced Americano, please.” “Coming right up!” After a few minutes of waiting, Jeongguk grab both the cups and brought it over to a table by the window where Namjoon is seated. “A friend of yours?” Namjoon asks as he motions towards Jimin. “Sort of, I guess, just some guy who delivered something to my house a few days ago.” “He’s cute.” Jeongguk nods his head in agreement as he took a sip of his, “Yeah. He’s hot, too.”“Did you get his number? You should bang him.” Jeongguk chokes on his drink. “What? You said he’s hot,” Namjoon elaborates.“I did, but that doesn’t mean I have to fuck him.” Namjoon shrugs, “It’s been long since you last get laid, man.” They started talking about work, and how shitty their Chief is. Joking about moving to another town, where there will be more actions. To be honest, the thought of it sounds exciting. They have been stuck in this quaint town for all their lives. There were not many action-filled days to be lived, most of their days are spent patrolling the roads and Jeongguk was starting to lose his passion.  Jeongguk looks over to the coffee bar, where Jimin is. He watched intensely, how Jimin smiles at every customer, and how Jimin prepares coffee for each of them. He looks graceful, he is graceful. Small hands holding warm cups of coffee, levelling and tampering the beans. Jeongguk is mesmerised. His eyes travelled over Jimin’s hands, up to his arms, shoulders and down to his perky ass. Jeongguk gulps and licks his lips. How he wished he could grab the round globes in his hands. Just then, Jimin looks up and caught Jeongguk’s eyes. His lips curl up into a smirk and winks at Jeongguk before he turns back to the counter. Jeongguk felt his ears goes red, as embarrassment creeps up his neck to colour his face. In state of panic, for getting caught, Jeongguk stood up abruptly, knees hitting the table, spilling his cup’s content all over his bottoms. Jeongguk swears he felt every single one, in the coffee shop is staring at him. Jimin included. “Hey, Guk are you alright?” “Yeah, yeah. I—I’ll be right back,” Jeongguk rushes into the washroom and managed to get most of the coffee out before it permanently stains his pants. He looks up into the mirror, placing his hands on either side of the sink. He breaths deeply, and mentally counting down, in hope to calm his racing heart down but to no avail. He splashes the water on his face before he looks at himself in the mirror, beads of water flowing down his face. Jeongguk thoughts trailed back to what happened just minutes before. How can a man made him react like that? His grip on the sink tightens, knuckles turning white. “You know, you have to pay for the sink if you break it.” Jeongguk eyes widen as he turns towards the entrance and sees the cause of his palpitations. Jimin stood with his arms crossed, leaning against the door frame. He had his eyebrows raised and his lips, slightly parted. His pristine white shirt, not a stain of coffee in sight, fits snugly on his body. He looks like a model straight out of a runway. Heck, he could’ve look like he came from the garbage dump and Jeongguk would still think that Jimin is hot as hell. “I—I,” “You alright there?” Jimin asked. “N-no, yes, n—, I’m okay.” Jeongguk stutters. Jimin smirks again and starts advancing towards Jeongguk. “Are you nervous?”“N—” he started.  “I caught you staring at my ass,” another step closer to Jeongguk. Jeongguk’s heart started to pick up pace again, and he swears he could hear his beating in his ears. “Did you like what you see?” Jimin questions. When Jeongguk refuses to answer Jimin decided to take matters in his own hands, he strides towards Jeongguk, nose almost touching the other.  “I said, did you like what you see, Jeonggukie?” Jimin demanded as he pushes Jeongguk lightly against the sink. He felt his back hit the cool glass of the mirror. Jimin pry open his knees and stood between Jeongguk’s thighs, invading Jeongguk’s space. He looks into Jeongguk’s eyes and cocks an eyebrow. “Answer me, Jeongguk.” “I—” His words were halted as Jimin rests his hands on Jeongguk’s thigh and gave it a light squeeze. He leans into the junction between Jeongguk’s shoulder and neck, giving him kitten licks before blowing on the wet area.Jeongguk shudders as the cool air hits him. Jimin presses his thigh against Jeongguk’s crotch. His hands found purchase on Jeongguk’s hips.“Jimin” Jeongguk starts.“Yeah, baby?” He breaths into the shell of Jeongguk’s ear. “We are in the toilet,” He gasps, feeling the bulge growing in his pants. “Yeah, so?” Jimin raises a brow as he started palming Jeongguk’s growing bulge. “Shall I stop?” “N-no,” Jeongguk moans as he starts to grind against Jimin’s palm. “Please, don’t.” “Tell me, Jeongguk, tell me what you want me to do,” Jimin taunts. “Harder.”Jimin removes his hand and wraps his arms around Jeongguk’s neck, he presses his cock against Jeongguk’s and starts to grind his hips down. Jeongguk threw his head back, letting it rest on the mirror and his hands around Jimin’s sides. He closes his eyes and let out a coarse moan. Jeongguk wraps his legs around Jimin, using the sink as a form of leverage. He digs his heels into the back of Jimin’s thighs, bringing him closer, as he matches Jimin’s pace. He moves in tandem with Jimin, thrusting upwards as Jimin grinds down, he felt his pants growing tighter and tighter. Jimin moves his hand to the back of Jeongguk’s head and brought his lips down to his. Jeongguk sighs into the kiss, finally feeling the softness of Jimin’s lips after dreaming about them the whole week. This was not what Jeongguk expected when he came into the washroom. All Jeongguk wanted was to calm his racing heart rate, not to further increase it.Their kiss was harsh and desperate, their teeth clashing with each other before they found a suitable rhythm. The sounds of their kisses echo throughout the toilet. Jeongguk hands snakes up to cup Jimin’s cheeks as he tilts his head and deepens the kiss. Jimin bites onto Jeongguk’s lower lip and pulls back, eliciting a moan from the younger. “Fuck, you kiss good.” He pants as Jimin lets go of his bottom lip. Jimin grips onto Jeongguk’s shirt tightly and pulls Jeongguk closer to him, so close that Jeongguk can feel his breath on his chin. He looks up into Jeongguk’s eyes; it was just like his – dark, black and lust-filled. Pupils dilated, desperate for more. “Then kiss me more, Jeongguk.”Jeongguk crashes his lips back against Jimin’s once more, his hand travelled down the small of Jimin’s back while the other snake to his knead the globes of Jimin’s ass. He moans into the kiss, and Jeongguk takes the opportunity to part his lips with his tongue, seeking permission. He brushes his tongue across his teeth, exploring the hot cavern of his mouth. Jimin loosens his grip and starts to play with the hem of Jeongguk’s shirt. He rubs his hands on Jeongguk’s abdomen, he moans as he glides his fingers along the bumps of Jeongguk’s abs. Jeongguk took pride in the fact that the results of his 5-day workout per week had shown. He never missed a day for the past year, and he is definitely proud of it. He was well built, muscles all in the right places and in the perfect proportions. Jeongguk smirks into the kiss, smug that he finally has something against Jimin, “Do you like it?” “Shut the fuck up.” Jimin retorts, as he sucks on Jeongguk’s tongue harshly. One of his hands disappears under Jeongguk’s pants and grabs his bulge, pumping it lightly. The tip of Jeongguk’s cock peeks out from the waistband of his briefs, glistening with precum. Jimin swipe his thumb across the tip, smearing precum all over. He ruts his cock against Jeongguk’s thigh, attempting to relive any form of friction. Jimin breaks the kiss and latches onto the nape of Jeongguk’s neck, nipping the area, leaving faint red marks across his neck. His free hand moves down to Jeongguk’s pants, unzipping and pulling both his pants and underwear down in one swift movement, pooling at his ankles. Jimin sinks down to his knees, eyes never breaking contact with Jeongguk’s. He licks a stripe up on the underside of his cock. Jimin then wraps his hands around Jeongguk’s thighs as he took his throbbing length into his mouth. Jimin started nibbling the head of his cock lightly, sending a wave of pleasure through Jeongguk’s spine. His cock started to leak more precum and Jimin laps it up hungrily. He scrunches his nose, Jeongguk’s precum doesn’t taste as sweet as vanilla ice-cream but it’s not bad either. He continues to nip along the underside of Jeongguk’s cock and one of his hands came up to fondle his balls.  “Fuck,” he whimpers. “Quit teasing.”   Jimin ignores Jeongguk’s pleas as he starts to suck on the tip of Jeongguk’s red cock. Jeongguk groans, his patience wearing thin. He brought his free hand down, grabbing a fistful of Jimin’s blonde locks, pulling him closer. Jimin winces but seems to take the hint and finally, finally, took his whole aching cock into his mouth. Jeongguk sighs in relief and lightly thrust into his mouth. Jimin hollowed his cheeks, sucking his cock in, drawing a low whine from the younger. Jeongguk looks down at Jimin – he had his free hand in his pants, pumping his neglected cock lightly. His half-lidded eyes never leaving Jeongguk’s. The sight itself was nearly enough to drive him over the edge. He pushes his cock further in, hitting the back of Jimin’s throat. Jeongguk tangles his hands in Jimin’s hair and he starts to thrust his cock further into his mouth. Jimin gags and chokes, tightening around Jeongguk’s cock. Jeongguk caught the tears off Jimin’s cheeks with his thumb as he continues thrusting into his mouth with fervour. Jimin gave a particular hard suck, and that resulted in Jeongguk coming down his throat with Jimin happily swallowing it all down. Jimin releases his cock with a loud pop. A trail of saliva connecting Jeongguk’s cock and his swollen lips. The younger brought his thumb down to break the connection, wiping the remnants of his cum on Jimin’s chin. He let his fingers graze along the sharp definitions of Jimin’s jaw, before tilting his chin up harshly, their eyes never leaving each other’s. Jimin’s lips felt raw and dry, Jeongguk brought his face down to Jimin’s level and starting licking Jimin’s lips softly. “What time does your shift ends?” “Soon, about another hour,” Jimin breathes. Jeongguk pauses, an hour doesn’t seem like a long time but when you have hot barista in front of you waiting to be pleased, it does seem like an eternity. But the thought of beautiful Jimin sprawled naked on his bed seem so inviting and tempting, he decides that the wait would be worthwhile. “Okay, I’ll wait for you.” Jimin nods, “Go, before your boss notices you’re gone,” Jeongguk states and – “Shit, Namjoon hyung.” Jimin snickers as he makes himself presentable, before heading out with a slight wave of his hand. Jeongguk pulled his bottoms and briefs back up, and then switches on the tap, splashing water on his face. Once he decides that he look less debauched, he left the washroom. Namjoon put one hand up just as Jeongguk opens his mouth, “Look, I think I know what just happened, I saw him heading in after you and that mark on your neck confirms my suspicions.” He points out. Jeongguk stares blankly at Namjoon, his mouth opening and closing like a goldfish, hand coming up to cover his neck instinctively. Namjoon stood up with his coffee cup facing Jeongguk, he brought a hand up to his shoulder and gave it a light squeeze. “He must have been damn good for you to be stuck in the toilet for 30 minutes,” he whispers into Jeongguk’s ears. “Remember to use protection.” “Hyung!” Jeongguk whines as he whirls around just in time to see Namjoon waving his hand in the air never looking back as he left the coffee shop with a chime of the bell.  - Once they got inside Jeongguk’s apartment, he turns Jimin around, trapping him between himself and the door. Jimin lifted his gaze to meet the younger, hands lightly caressing the base of Jeongguk’s neck. Jeongguk held on to Jimin’s wrist before sliding up to intertwine their fingers together. He leans in and presses his lips against Jimin’s. Their kiss was soft and slow, unlike the ones they shared earlier today. Jeongguk presses himself against Jimin, trying to get as close to him as possible. Jimin free hand trail upwards, stopping the nape of Jeongguk’s neck, tugging on his hair, eliciting a moan from the taller. Jimin’s tongue snakes into his mouth and licks the roof of Jeongguk’s mouth. He hitches Jimin’s leg up around his waist and started rolling his hips against him. “Please,” Jimin moans desperately.Jeongguk places both his arms underneath Jimin’s thighs and lifts him up, lips never leaving his. Jimin wraps his legs around Jeongguk’s waist as he cards through his hair. Their kisses now more tongue than lips. Jeongguk really wants to take Jimin there and then, impatient and desperate, he threw Jimin on his sofa and hovers over him, hands on both sides of Jimin’s head. He starts to pepper Jimin’s face with soft, fleeting kisses – he kisses his forehead, he eyelids, his nose, his cheeks and finally his lips. The kiss was slow and gentle, as if Jimin would break under his touch if too much pressure was used. Jimin hands start to roam around Jeongguk’s body, he trails upwards and tweaks a nipple, eliciting a moan from the younger. Jeongguk sat upright and removes his shirt before throwing it to some corner of his room, and Jimin follow suit. Jeongguk stares at the sight below him and sucks in a breath. Jimin is beautiful. He is everything Jeongguk isn’t – Jimin is fair, almost as fair as snow, while Jeongguk is tan. Jimin has soft blonde locks that contrasts Jeongguk’s black ones. Jimin is not made of muscles, he doesn’t have well-defined abdominal but at least he is lean and toned. Jimin is small in comparison to Jeongguk but he fits so well in Jeongguk’s embrace. Jimin does not have Jeongguk’s doe eyes but his eyes are soft, he looks up at Jeongguk, full of adoration.Jimin shudders as Jeongguk runs his fingers up and down his sides, “You’re beautiful, have I told you that?” He whispers. Jimin chuckled, eyes crinkling up into crescents, “No, you didn’t.” “Well, you know now,” Jeongguk replies softly into his ear before nibbling on his earlobe, playing with the piercing between his tongue. He drifts lower to his jaw and down to his neck where he started to nip on his neck. At the same time, he hands one hand on Jimin’s nipple, tweaking the sensitive nub. “Ah- Jeongguk,” Jimin sighs. Jeongguk starts to grind down on to Jimin hips as he sucks harder on his neck, leaving his mark. Jimin tilts his head, giving him more access as Jeongguk began to suck harder and harder on his neck. He switches his hand, giving Jimin’s other nipple the same treatment. He rolls the nub between his index finger and his thumb, flicking it now and then. He could feel Jimin bulge growing and a wet patch soon appears on his slacks. He unbuckles Jimin’s belt and unzip his pants, he begins pulling his bottoms down, Jimin lifting his hips up to aid Jeongguk a little. Jimin’s cock is shorter than that of Jeongguk’s but he makes up for it in thickness. Jimin’s hard – his cock is of an angry red, throbbing with precum beading at the top. Jeongguk thumbs his slit, smearing precum all over his length.“I’ll be right back,” Jeongguk says.He gave Jimin a soft peck on his lips before hopping of him, leaving a confused Jimin on his couch. Jeongguk returns shortly with a box of condoms in one hand and a bottle of lube in another. Jimin watches in excitement as Jeongguk squeezes the contents of the bottle on his fingers. He rubs the lube between his fingers before prodding one at Jimin’s entrance. He uses his thumb to spread Jimin’s cheeks and pushes his fingers in. Jimin flinches at the sudden intrusion, Jeongguk looks up to Jimin, pausing his actions. Jimin nods his head, encouraging him to continue. He adds a second finger and began to scissor his fingers inside of Jimin. Jimin begins to thrust back on Jeongguk fingers, hands searching for something to hold on to. Jimin eyes shot open in surprise as he felt something wet and cold entering him. Jeongguk begins to thrust his tongue in in tandem with his fingers. He increases his pace and brought one arm up to rest on Jimin’s waist to prevent him from choking Jeongguk (not that he minds, but still). Squelching sounds filled the room and Jeongguk continues sucking on his hole. His pants getting tighter by the second. He removes his fingers and wrap them around Jimin’s length, giving it a couple light pumps. Jimin moans loudly, as his hands begins to pull on Jeongguk’s hair. “More please, Jeongguk,” Jimin begs and who is Jeongguk to deny?His fingers leave Jimin’s member and he buries three fingers into Jimin’s clenching hole joining his tongue in feeling around his inner walls. Jeongguk kept his gaze on Jimin’s face, changing the angle of his thrusting according to the sounds and expressions Jimin makes. At one particular thrust, the elder’s eyes flew open and a lewd moan escapes his mouth. Jeongguk continues to prod the bundle of nerves, as Jimin’s moans bounce off the walls of the apartment, his toes curl in pleasure. Jeongguk can feel Jimin clenching around his tongue and fingers, just then, Jimin tugged harshly on Jeongguk’s hair, wanting his attention. “Want to come with you,” he pants. Jeongguk removes himself from Jimin and watches his hole clench around nothing as he started to remove his jeans. Jimin whines at the loss of his fingers but was soon replaced with Jeongguk’s cock accompanied with a sharp, piercing sensation. Jimin hisses at the sudden intrusion. Jeongguk sits back on his haunches and hitches Jimin legs up, wrapping them around his waist. He looks at the sight below him, halting any movement, to give Jimin the time to adjust. Jeongguk rubs his sides, soothing him. He bends down, chest nearly touching Jimin’s and wipes a stray tear off his cheeks. He gave him a chaste kiss on his eyes before he plunges all the way in, bottoming out. Jimin digs his heels into Jeongguk’s ass, pushing him deeper into. He rests his forehead against Jimin’s, sweating dripping down the bridge of his nose and onto his partner’s face. Jeongguk grunts as his continues to pound into him with fervour, skin slapping against skin. Jimin screams in pleasure as Jeongguk found his prostate. He circled his hips pressing against his sweet spot. Jimin is a moaning mess, hair matted to his face, droplets of perspiration trickle down his temple. Jeongguk brushes his bangs out of his eyes and intertwines his hand with Jimin’s. He noses Jimin’s inner wrist, lips ghosting over his skin as he trails his mouth upwards towards his shoulder, to his neck, his jaw, and his lips. He nibbles lightly on Jimin’s lower lips as his free hand started to stroke his neglected cock. He started clenching harder around Jeongguk’s cock, nearing his release. At the point where Jimin is about to release his cum, Jeongguk halts all movement and smirks, “Not yet.”He kisses the pout of Jimin’s face before lifting him off the sofa, still inside of him. Jimin places both his hands on Jeongguk’s shoulder and started bouncing in his hold, desperate for release. Jeongguk dives into the junction between his shoulder and neck, Jimin is a mixture of sweet and musky. He smells like coffee beans and cocoa, with a tinge of sweet vanilla bean. Jeongguk’s intoxicated, he could smell Jimin all day. Jimin continues riding Jeongguk’s cock, his neglected erection rubbing against their bodies as he bounces, precum spattering all over. “Look behind you, Jimin.” He looks over his shoulder and met Jeongguk’s gaze in the mirror. The same mirror he helped Jeongguk fixed a couple of days ago. Jeongguk has his hands on Jimin’s cheeks, spreading them open. His grip frim and steady, not a hint of unstableness, ready to take over whenever Jimin tires out. Whereas Jimin looks like a wreck, his neck marked with reds and purples, lips raw and swollen, sweat dripping down his already wet hair. Jeongguk turns around so that Jimin is now facing the mirror while bring his ass down to Jeongguk’s hips. He brought his finger to circle his rim, tantalising him. Jimin tilts Jeongguk’s chin upwards, meeting his lips in a sloppy kiss. His thrusts become slower and weaker; Jeongguk lets Jimin down, before sliding out of him. He holds on to Jimin petite waist, preventing him from losing balance on his trembling limbs. Jimin’s spent, and he hasn’t even come yet. Jeongguk flips Jimin around so that both of them are facing the mirror. He traces Jimin’s abdomen, fuck, his hands are everywhere and Jimin is in state of euphoria. “You are so fucking beautiful, Jimin.”Jimin hums in reply and bends forward, hands on either side of the mirror sticking his ass up. Jeongguk took the lube from the couch pour a liberal amount on his cock, lubricating his shaft. Without a warning, he pushes his scorching length all the way, bottom in. Jimin tenses up at the intrusion, letting out a low growl. Jeongguk has his hands wrapped around Jimin’s waist, holding him up. He rubs circles on his hip bones as he kisses the knobs of Jimin’s spine. He began thrusting slowly into Jimin, firm grip on Jimin’s waist, soothing him. He brings his body down, chest touching Jimin’s back. He licks the shell of his ear and felt Jimin shiver under his hold. “Ah...Jeongguk, f—faster,” he pleads.Jeongguk presses Jimin up against the mirror as he picks up his pace. Jimin moans as he felt the cold surface of the mirror cool down his body heat. Jeongguk digs his fingers into his hips, as he pounds into Jimin relentlessly. Jimin screams in pleasure as Jeongguk found his prostate, fucking him into oblivion. Jeongguk’s hand drift to the elder’s shaft, lubricating it with leftover lube on his hand. He pumps Jimin’s cock in tandem with his thrusting. Jimin presses his cheek against the cool glass, moans slipping out of his mouth in the form of Jeongguk’s name; fogging up the glass. He grips the borders of the mirror so hard, that his knuckles turned white. Jimin came with a scream, shooting ropes of whites into Jeongguk’s palm, some landing on the mirror. “I’m c-close,” Jeongguk pants. With a couple more thrusts, he spilled his cum inside of Jimin’s walls. He continues fucking Jimin through his orgasm as Jimin rests his forehead against the mirror. He took Jeongguk’s cum-covered hand and brought it up to his lips, kissing each fingertip lightly before lick the cum off his hand. “Fuck,” Jeongguk growls. He pulls out of Jimin, cum trickling down his thighs. He brought his hand down, scooping up what he can and pushes it into Jimin’s mouth. He laps it up hungrily. With whatever energy he had left, he carries Jimin to his bedroom and plops him down on his bed. He grabs a couple of wet wipes and starts to clean before the cum dries up. He returns to bed after disposing the wipes to see Jimin curling up on his side, eyes drooping. He gave Jeongguk a soft smile as he pats the space besides him. Jeongguk crawls into bed, tucking Jimin’s head into the crook of his neck as he kisses the top of his head. Jimin drapes his arm across Jeongguk’s waist, pulling him in as he snuggles into his warmth, drifting off to sleep. Jeongguk cards his hand through Jimin’s hair and smile before closing his eyes. This was definitely not what Jeongguk was expecting when he meets Jimin.  - (Few days later, Namjoon came over to Jeongguk house for movie night, he passes the mirror as he made his way to the kitchen. “Hey, Guk?”“Yeah?”“What’s that stain on your mirror?” He asks as he points to the dried cum on the mirror, raising a brow. Well, fuck.  Yup, definitely not what Jeongguk was expecting.)



Afterword


End Notes
thank you and congrats for making it all the way to the end!!1!1!!honestly, the hardest part about writing this was deciding whether i should use jungkook or jeongguk lmao. Thanks for reading <3


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



