



unpack your baggage - wendywrites - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

unpack your baggage
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9424757.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Park Jimin
Character:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Prostitution, Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault, Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Stats:

        Published: 2017-01-22
          Completed: 2017-02-12
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 14952
      

unpack your baggage
by wendywrites
Summary
Namjoon wasn't looking for a shoulder to cry on when he called up the escort service, but it's what he gets and then some.Jimin never thought he could be so happy and fulfilled with a former client, but life is funny like that.




Namjoon



 “Ah, ah, ah...” Namjoon pants and grunts, the plush cover of the bed clenched in his hands in a vice grip. Sweat beads on his forehead and rolls down his face, drip-drip-dropping onto the muscled back flexing beneath him. “Ah, oh, yeah, Namjoon...” Namjoon clenches his eyes shut and thrusts harder. It's no use. At this point he doesn't even know who he's trying to mentally substitute beneath him. Jimin is small and sweet and soft, but only when he has his clothes on. Naked and bent over the edge of the bed, hips pushing back to meet every one of Namjoon's thrusts, there's no mistaking the fact that he's a man—and not just a man but... “No. Wait. Stop,” Namjoon pants. He places one hand on Jimin's lower back and pulls out with the other. “What's wrong?” Jimin asks, voice breathy as he looks over his shoulder. His eyes are dark and hooded, nearly covered up by his sweat-soaked fringe. He wets his plump, red lips with his tongue. Namjoon swallows, but his mouth and throat are dry. His cock jumps slightly in his hand. “What's the problem?” Jimin straightens up, turning around to face Namjoon. He runs a hand through his hair a few times. A electric jolt runs through Namjoon's entire body as he takes in the expanse of Jimin's bronzed skin and defined muscles. It's quickly replaced by a guilt-ridden shudder. “Sorry, I just—I kind of—” Namjoon rubs a hand over his eyes as he tries to find the words. “Are you married?” “W-what? No!” Namjoon blurts out, blinking in shock. “You wouldn't be the first,” Jimin says matter-of-factly. Namjoon looks away. “I'm not married,” he scoffs, unable to mask the bitterness. “Ah,” Jimin hums. “What?” Namjoon looks back at Jimin. He doesn't like the other man's tone, like he suddenly understands everything about Namjoon. Jimin holds up his hand and Namjoon hates how something in his stomach flutters at how tiny and delicate it looks. “This agency typically gets three types of clients: closeted men cheating on their wives, questioning men looking for an experiment, and out men wanting to explore their kinks,” Jimin says as he counts the points on his hand. “Oh, and so what am I?” Namjoon snaps through gritted teeth. “Very troubled,” Jimin says softly, concern painted all over his face. Namjoon sighs, his entire body slouching as the tension bleeds out of him. “Maybe I am, but what's it to you?” He lifts and drops his shoulders in a shrug. “We're not, I mean, this is purely a business relationship.” Namjoon gestures between the both of them. “True,” Jimin chirps, sitting down on the edge of the bed. “But that doesn't mean I can't be concerned as a human being.” He looks expectantly at Namjoon. Namjoon hesitates. “Uh, I'm sorry, but if we're going to do this, can we not be naked?” he coughs, rubbing the back of his neck. “Oh, alright,” Jimin giggles, his eyes disappearing into crescents. Namjoon finds it hard to reconcile this Jimin with the one he was buried inside a few minutes earlier. Namjoon shakes his head and grabs his boxers and shirt off the floor. Jimin squeezes himself back into his too-small red briefs and plops back down on the bed. He pats the space next to him, but Namjoon is already heading towards the armchair next to the bed. Jimin shrugs. “So, you're not married and you seem to be sure of your attraction to men, but you don't seem to be particularly happy about it.” “What the fuck is there to be happy about?” Namjoon sits forward in his chair. “I'm dreading having to go back home for Chuseok because I know I'm just going to get bombarded with more questions about why I still don't have a girlfriend—I don't have the excuse of studying for exams anymore. My brain goes completely blank when mother makes her unsubtle comments about grandchildren. I didn't want this!” Out of the corner of his eye, Namjoon sees Jimin open his mouth, but now that he's finally speaking his frustrations out-loud, he's not going to stop until everything is out. “One of my oldest friends is getting married next month and I'm genuinely happy for him, but I also can't stand how easy it is for him,” Namjoon spits out, his chest heaving and aching. “How he and his girlfriend can just be together in public. It's such a simple thing—to walk around, to link arms, to hold hands, to hug, to kiss—but I can't—I mean, I could, I guess.” Namjoon shrugs. “Do what my mother and my grandparents and everyone else expects me to do, but it would be hollow and a lie.” His hands clench into fists on his lap. “I just—I just want to be happy, same as everyone else...” “Namjoon?” Jimin's small hands cover Namjoon's fists. Namjoon looks up, surprised to find the other man kneeling in front of him. The concern on Jimin's face has trebled and Namjoon doesn't get why until Jimin cups Namjoon's cheeks, running his thumbs under his eyes. Namjoon's breath hitches in his chest; his face crumples; his shoulders shake. “Come here,” Jimin says softly, pulling Namjoon out of the chair. The shorter man is stronger than he looks. He manages to get Namjoon onto the bed right as the last bit of strength and self-control leaves him. “Shhh, it's alright, it's okay, you're going to be okay,” Jimin murmurs as he cards his hands through Namjoon's hair. Namjoon shakes his head even as he buries it in Jimin's chest. He tries to speak, but the half-formed words die in his throat or are rendered garbled beyond recognition by his sobbing. Jimin just continues to whisper his soothing nonsense, one of his hands shifting to Namjoon's back. “It'll be alright.”    “Really, why do you care so much?” Namjoon croaks when he finally settles down. It could be several minutes or several hours that he's spent wrapped up in Jimin's arms. “This is more than human concern.” Jimin's hand briefly pauses its soothing ministrations. “You remind me of one of my friends,” he admits softly. “He was in a similar situation.” “And how did things work out for him?” Namjoon asks, only slightly sarcastic. “He tried to kill himself.” Namjoon feels his eyebrows jump to his hairline. Jimin pulls away at last, a frown on his face. “I'm not saying that I think you would do that. I just want to help someone if I can.” “Ah.” Namjoon blinks, staring at Jimin. Jimin stares back. The silence is broken by Namjoon's stomach. “Oh, sorry,” Namjoon mutters, his face warming. Jimin snickers. “It's probably long past the time you scheduled dinner with the agency. I'll give the lobby a call and have them bring it up.” Namjoon sits up, stretching to work out the kinks in his back and legs. He doesn't feel any more optimistic now than he was before his breakdown—at the moment he doesn't really feel anything—but he also doesn't carry the same tension in his body. This year's Chuseok also seems a bit less daunting, if still a chore. Maybe all he needed was a good cry. “Namjoon?” “Hmm?” Namjoon blinks, shaking his head slightly. “They say your samgyetang will take about forty five minutes to be ready, will some tangpyeongchae suffice until then?” “Uh, yeah, sure.” Namjoon shrugs. “Yes, you can bring it up now. Thank you,” Jimin says before he hangs up the phone. He stretches languidly as he walks back to the bedroom area. Namjoon expects to be prodded into talking some more, but Jimin just drapes himself on his side and stares up at Namjoon. “What?” Namjoon blinks. “What did you want to ask me?” “Huh?” Jimin smiles. His eyes shift downwards. Namjoon follows them to find that he's been tugging at his left thumb. “Well, I guess—” 
Ding ding dong.
 Namjoon curses under his breath. Jimin snickers. Namjoon's irritation is blown away and replaced by shock at the other man's nonchalance as he goes to answer the door without any other covering. 'Then again, getting naked for strangers is part of Jimin's job description,' he thinks as he closes his gaping mouth. “So, what were you saying?” Jimin rests a silver tray on the bed between them. “Oh, right, well, I was just wondering if it would be alright to book some more sessions with you,” Namjoon asks casually, his eyes on the food in front of him. “Do you want some of this?” He holds out his chopsticks. Jimin bites his lip. “I'm really not supposed to be eating while on the job.” Namjoon snorts. “Well, I've paid for it and I say you can have some.” “Do you have a feederism kink?” Jimin smirks. Bits of shredded beef and mung bean sprouts get caught in Namjoon's throat; his chest heaves with coughs. “Sorry, sorry,” Jimin laughs, his small hands pounding Namjoon's back. Namjoon opens his mouth to retort, but Jimin beats him to the punch. “Don't think I don't know that you're using the food as a distraction. Why wouldn't it be alright for us to see each other again?” Namjoon chews at the inside of his cheek for a minute. “What if I just want to shout and cry and be a miserable wreck for sixteen hours?” “I've had worse assignments,” Jimin says plainly, lifting a bite of food to his mouth. Namjoon watches him chew, unsure if he's being glib or not. “Like what?” “That's not something I reveal on the first appointment. What kind of whore do you think I am?” Jimin gasps in feigned outrage. Unbidden, a laugh slips past Namjoon's lips. He doubles over, trying to muffle it, but his breathing and his shaking shoulders are a dead giveaway. Namjoon gives up, lets his guffaws escape freely. Jimin's tinkling laugh soon joins in. “Oh, careful,” Jimin giggles as he moves the tray right before Namjoon's leg knocks it off the bed. “Sorry. Mph!” Namjoon's petering laughter is cut off completely when soft lips press against his. When Jimin pulls away, he blinks in question. “Wanna work up an appetite for the samgyetang?” Jimin grins, a glint in his eyes. He's close enough that his breathing tickles Namjoon's nose and lips. Namjoon isn't sure what gives him away, but as his cock slowly comes to life, Jimin's smile gets more and more smug. “Come on, then.” Jimin places a hand on Namjoon's chest and pushes him down onto the bed. Namjoon blinks at the ceiling. There are a few seconds of metallic clinking and sheets rustling before Jimin appears, straddling Namjoon. Namjoon's hands hesitantly rest on Jimin's hips. Jimin smiles. “Do you want me to ride you?” “Um, I don't not want that.” Namjoon blinks. Jimin tilts his head. “You seemed insistent on not facing me earlier. Is that still a problem?” Namjoon bites his lip but is quick to release it with a sigh. “No, I'm not caught up in that whirlwind of negative emotions anymore. I've been sure that I'm gay since I was seventeen, denial hasn't really been my struggle. And you're obviously not Yoo—I, I mean, you're a, uh, a very attractive man,” Namjoon clears his throat, hoping his stumble wasn't too obvious. The look on Jimin's face tells him that it was very much noticed, but the other man thankfully doesn't call him out on it. “Yeah, you're gorgeous and actively egging me on to sleep with you and I should just enjoy it,” Namjoon says, his speech gradually getting slower as he rakes his eyes up and down Jimin's body. His mouth goes dry again. “Yes, you should enjoy it,” Jimin says simply before he rolls his hips into Namjoon's. Namjoon hisses, tightening his grip on Jimin's hips. “Come on, show me how you want it,” Jimin moans softly, grinding down even harder. When Namjoon can breathe, he takes a deep breath and flips their positions.         “Hey, you wanna hear something funny?” Jimin tilts his head towards Namjoon to show that he's listening even as he keeps his eyes on his phone. Namjoon shakes his head, snorting a laugh. He was the one who had to insist that Jimin could use it during their downtime—sixteen hours is a long time and Namjoon has no delusions about his charisma or his stamina—Jimin being hesitant to flout yet another company policy, but look at him now. “You probably already sussed me out, but there's a guy that I like.” “Yeah, I thought so,” Jimin hums. “It's fucked up, but I kind of tried to use you as a substitute for him that first time.” Jimin shrugs. “I get that a lot. And only that first time?” He briefly looks away from his game to cock an eyebrow at Namjoon. “Maybe once or twice afterwards.” Namjoon looks away, rubbing the back of his neck. “Anyway, he's been my close friend for a few years now. He's a year older than me, but he'll, like, talk to me about his problems and his struggles and he seeks my advice and opinion on things.” Namjoon licks his lips. “I never even thought of telling him how I feel, I didn't want to ruin a friendship for nothing, you know? But last week he told me something.” Namjoon pauses as helpless laughter spills from his lips. It takes him a few minutes to calm down. When he looks up, Jimin has finally put aside his phone. “He likes guys. He called me up—like, actually called instead of texted—and had me go over to his studio to listen to a verse for a special track he and his crew have been working on. It took me a long ass time to get it, the line was in the middle of the damn verse, and even when I heard it it didn't quite click. I only realised something was up when I felt his eyes burning a hole in the side of my head.” Namjoon looks up from the stripped pattern of the covers to see if he's losing his audience, but Jimin's eyes are as bright and attentive. “So, it took a little while, but then I got it. And then it really hit me. He likes guys too.” Namjoon spreads his hands in a grand gesture. “It's like, suddenly I have hope, you know? I was so stunned that I couldn't even sound happy. He probably thought I was thinking less of him,” Namjoon cackles. It's barely audible over his own laughter, but Namjoon hears Jimin lightly snort. “Internally I'm screaming, but I gather my wits as best as I can and tell him that it's fine, that there's nothing wrong with that. He instantly relaxes, like he was seriously worried about my reaction...” “It's not an indictment of your character,” Jimin speaks up at last. “People can react funnily to that sort of news, and you always have to be mentally prepared.” “No, I know, I know and I certainly don't have the right to be throwing stones. I guess I just can't help but be a tiny bit disappointed? Maybe Yoongi felt the same way when I finally told him,” he says more to himself than to Jimin. “So, what's the funny part?” “Oh, ha, well, he gets all smiley and happy. Like, stupidly happy. I haven't seen him grin that much since the freak snowstorm on his nineteenth birthday that cancelled classes for two days,” Namjoon chuckles despite himself. “And then he tells me that he's seeing someone.” “Ahhh,” Jimin hums. “Yeah, but that's not the best part. His parting comment after he hears that I also like guys? 'Ah, Namjoon, sometimes you feel more like my brother than my actual hyung.'” Namjoon does his best imitation of Yoongi's Daegu-accented voice. Jimin winces sympathetically. “Forget the friend zone, I'm in the fucking family zone.” His story told, Namjoon lets himself fall onto his back, his chest shaking as laughter erupts from his mouth. It's loud and ugly and if he didn't know that the walls are soundproofed, he'd at least attempt to rein it in. “What, am I crying again?” he asks when Jimin's concerned face appears above him. “No, but you look like you want to,” Jimin frowns. “I kinda do. Just completely rip the bandage off and get everything out so I can move the fuck on.” “I think a better first step would be to tell him how you feel.” Namjoon sits up, his mouth falling open in incredulity. “Really,” Jimin continues, rocking back on his heels so that their heads don't collide. “Your friend doesn't sound like he'd mock you or cut you off and I think you actually need to hear—not just anticipate—a rejection to fully move on from it. I've been there, I know how easy it is to unconsciously delude yourself and set yourself up for a bigger fall later on,” Jimin says with a wry smile. Namjoon chews on his bottom lip in thought. The idea of telling Yoongi that he likes him has always seemed infinitely more daunting than just admitting to being attracted to men in general. He'd though that he'd never have to do it, practically counted on it. But if not confessing will only make things worse for himself... “Then again I am a whore.” Jimin shrugs. “What do I know about maintaining meaningful relationships?” Namjoon flinches. “Don't say that. Just because you-you sell your body doesn't mean—” “That I'm a whore?” Jimin laughs, looking far too amused for Namjoon's liking. “No,” Namjoon says through clenched teeth. “Oh my god, you really have a problem with the word 'whore' now,” Jimin giggles, his eyes disappearing. Namjoon pauses. “And you don't?” “It's what I am.” Jimin clicks his tongue. “And I've been called worse.” “I thought your agency screened all their clients,” Namjoon frowns, remembering the hoops he had to jump through to book his first appointment. “I didn't always work for the agency.” Jimin leans over the side of the bed to riffle through the remains of the fruit plate on the floor. Namjoon throws a look at his back. 'Now who's using food as a distraction?' he thinks. But he catches himself when a small voice at the back of his head reminds him that Jimin is the one in the more vulnerable position. “I see,” Namjoon says belatedly. Jimin pops a strawberry in his mouth and chews it so thoroughly that it looks painful. Namjoon thinks he might disappear into his phone again, but Jimin starts talking again after he finishes. “You might find it weird; I don't mind 'whore', but 'slut' makes my skin crawl.” There's an odd tone in Jimin's voice that sends a chill up Namjoon's spine. “I'm guessing that's because of former clients,” Namjoon says slowly, carefully forming his words. “One in particular. Others haven't helped, but he was the one who planted the seed.” Jimin's mouth twists. He holds the expression for a few seconds before he glances up at Namjoon. It suddenly occurs to him that Jimin has been very careful with his expressions and body language, that even when they're not fucking he's still switched on and tuned to be as inoffensive and charming as possible. Namjoon isn't really one for dirty talk in bed, but what if there's some other behaviour of his that's put that horrible look on Jimin's face and he didn't even realise? “You alright?” Jimin blinks. “Uh, yeah, fine.” Namjoon clears his throat, mentally berating himself for making Jimin play caretaker again. “So, that guy, he used that word a lot?” “Constantly. For him it was like a punctuation mark,” Jimin says with a humourless snort. “Hearing it just sends me right back to that alley, kneeling and trying not to choke or cry.” “Shit,” is all that Namjoon can say. Even if his mind didn't go blank, the words would just get stuck in his throat anyway. Jimin pats his cheek. “Don't feel sorry for me. I don't, not anymore.” “Right.” Namjoon blinks. “Do enjoy your job?” Jimin shrugs, popping a grape into his mouth. “Sometimes. Like any job there's good and bad.” “What's the weirdest client you've ever had?” Namjoon can't stop himself from asking. Jimin laughs. “That depends on how you classify weirdness.” “What's the strangest thing someone has asked you to do that no-one else has?” “Hmmm...oh! God, there was this one guy who had me put on an all-white linen suit and sit on a cake.” Jimin shakes his heads, his eyes misty in memory. “The fuck?” Namjoon barks a laugh. “He paid a million Won for that,” Jimin cackles, falling onto his side. “Damn, and here I thought I was weird for crying,” Namjoon mutters. “Rest assured, you're one of my more normal clients,” Jimin says as he stretches languidly. “Am I your favourite client?” Namjoon asks, only half teasing. “Absolutely,” Jimin smiles sweetly. “Do you give that answer to everyone who asks?” “Absolutely.” Jimin nods. Namjoon tries to look indignant, but it's difficult when Jimin is giggling so cutely. Namjoon settles for throwing one of the pillows at him. “Next time, I'll make you do something even stranger. Like wear a dog costume and try to lick yourself.” Jimin's giggles morph into full-blown, body-shaking guffaws. “I look forward to it.”         “Is everything alright?” Taehyung chuckles lowly, looking up at Namjoon through his eyelashes. “Uh, yeah, I'm fine,” Namjoon coughs slightly as Taehyung removes his tie. “If I didn't know better, I'd think the agency didn't give you a heads up for today.” Taehyung says with another laugh, carelessly tossing Namjoon's tie to the floor. Three days ago Namjoon had gotten a call from the agency telling him that Jimin was indisposed and no longer able to make it to their next appointment, giving their apologies and offering a substitute or a full refund. Namjoon impulsively chose the former (after all these sessions are his only outlet for regular sex with someone other than his own hand), but now he's thinking that he should've just taken the refund. Namjoon doesn't even know why he's so rattled. Taehyung is handsome and he smells great and he seems perceptive enough to know that Namjoon needs some guidance, but he's not... “Fucking hell,” Namjoon mutters, throwing his head back so hard he nearly breaks his neck. The momentum sends him stumbling back until his calves hit the edge of the bed. Gravity sends him sprawled flat on his back. He runs his hands over his face, fingers kneading his forehead to soothe the sudden ache there. “Okay, I can work with this.” Namjoon jumps when a pair of strange hands slowly move up his thighs to his waist. He sits up to find Taehyung right in front of him, his smile still in place. “It's your lucky day. I give great head,” he grins, sinking to his knees. 
...trying not to choke or cry.
 “Actually!” Namjoon jumps to his feet, knocking Taehyung on his ass. Taehyung blinks in equal parts surprise and confusion. Namjoon coughs to get rid of the crack in his voice. “Actually, there's a scenario that I'd like to play out.” “I'm listening.” Taehyung cocks his head. Namjoon steps around him and heads over to the door leading to the living room section of the suite. “This is your apartment, and you're relaxing on the bed after a long day at work.” Taehyung nods and hums. “I've just broken in to steal some valuables, thinking that no-one's home—” “I'm liking where this is going,” Taehyung grins. He gets up from the floor and lounges on the bed. “Yeah, so, you're on the bed, undressing and touching yourself.” In the corner of his eye, Namjoon can see Taehyung licking his lips. “And, uh, I'm at the door to the bedroom. I see you in here, but instead of leaving I watch you.” Taehyung stares unblinkingly for a few seconds before he sits up straight. “That's it?” “Yeah, I—I'm a secret voyeur.” Namjoon has to use all his willpower not to cringe. “I get so hot at the thought of watching people get off without their knowledge, but that's, like, kind of creepy—and illegal—so, like, this is the time when—” “I get it.” Taehyung nods. “I was hoping for something a bit more hands-on, but I'm a bit of an exhibitionist myself, so this works for me.” He winks. For the life of him, Namjoon cannot tell if Taehyung is being coquettish or candid. “Alright, take your mark, and let's get to it.” Taehyung claps his hands together. Namjoon jogs to the other side of the suite, closing the double doors behind him. He heaves a sigh, running a hand over his eyes. It doesn't take long for the muffled sounds of Taehyung groaning and fabric rustling to reach his ears. Namjoon has no idea if that's his cue or not, but he figures it probably doesn't matter that much anyway. He slowly twists the doorknob, pushing one of the doors slightly ajar. Taehyung is already shirtless, the light brown skin of his chest gleaming from the oil he's rubbing on it. Anyone with eyes can see that he's good looking; Namjoon feels his cock twitch slightly in his pants. “Ahhh, so tiring. I need a holiday,” Taehyung groans as he starts rubbing the sides of his neck. “Or a massage.” He sighs. As he starts to shimmy out of his trousers, Namjoon unbuckles his and reaches his hand inside his boxers. It would probably be weird and suspicious if he requests this specific scenario and doesn't get off to it, so he closes his eyes and pumps his cock to full hardness. When he opens his eyes again, Taehyung is leaning against the leather headboard, his head thrown back as his hands work between his open legs. “Mmm, I wonder if there's anyone else on earth who could do this better than I can,” he moans. Taehyung squeezes the base of his cock and runs his hand up the shaft. Even from across the room, Namjoon can see drops of pre-cum glistening in the light as they dribble from the head of his cock; it's quite the sight. “O-ohhh,” Taehyung gasps as he rubs his thumb over the slit, still applying pressure to the shaft. Namjoon swallows, his grip on his own cock tightening. “Mmm, so good.” Taehyung arches his back, contorts himself into a position that looks almost painful. His left hand gropes and squeezes his balls while his right hand speeds up, pumping his cock with a speed that borders on manic. The sounds of gasping and moaning and wet slapping fill the room. It eggs on Namjoon; he rests his forehead against the door as he works on his own cock. Through half-lidded eyes and with his blood rushing in his ears, the man on the bed starts to look and sound like— “Oh!” Namjoon chokes on a gasp, his body trembling as hot cum splashes on his hands. “Fuck.” Taehyung's groaning is barely audible over the ringing in Namjoon's ears. His chest is heaving hard and the tip of his nose is tickled by puffs of air and yet Namjoon feels like he can't breathe. He clenches his hand over his chest as if to calm the painful thudding of his heart against his ribcage. The floor beneath his feet feels like it's shifting and moving and Namjoon stumbles forward, crying out when a sharp pain ripples in his shoulder. “Hey, what's wrong?” Namjoon shakes his head, using the pain and Taehyung's voice as an anchor. “Sorry, I'm not feeling well. I've got a latent heart condition and I think it's flaring up.” “Oh.” Taehyung blinks. “Damn.” “Yeah, I think I'm going to clean up and go see my doctor.” Namjoon flaps a hand in the general direction of the bathroom. “Right.” Taehyung nods. “I hope you feel better.” Namjoon grabs his bag and heads into the bathroom, taking deep breaths. By the time the hot water hits his bare skin, he's mostly calmed down. Well, his body has, his mind on the other hand is a whirlwind of thoughts and feelings. “You fucking idiot,” is all he says as he furiously scrubs his skin.         When the agency said that Jimin was indisposed, Namjoon figured that he'd simply come down with the nasty flu that's been going around at the firm. The temperature change from autumn to winter and then winter to spring generally tends to cause a spate of illness. Three weeks later, he's shocked to hear that Jimin is still ill and has actually handed in his notice. Namjoon holds tightly onto his phone to steady himself as his stomach bottoms out. He's not seeking a hook-up, but this is his only line of contact with Jimin. They wouldn't give him Jimin's phone number even if offered to pay for it. At any rate, what he wants to do should be done face to face rather than over the phone. So, he asks and he pleads and he wheedles and he lies and he somehow manages to get an hour long slot at 1 p.m. on Tuesday. The normally placid voice of the booker is clipped and strained by the end of the call, but Namjoon shrugs it off. He has no intention of ring them after this anyway. At work on Monday, Namjoon shamelessly bows and scrapes to his manager to get the day off at the last minute, letting the derisive scoffs from others in surrounding cubicles roll of his back. He can be awfully single-minded when he's got his mind set on a mission. That night, his mind races with thoughts of what he's going to say, mentally scribbling and crossing out words as they come to mind. In a way, it's like when he first started hanging out with Yoongi and tried to help the older boy with lyrics for a track. It's frustrating but also exhilarating. Tuesday simultaneously comes too quickly and too late. Recognition twinkles in the receptionist's eyes when Namjoon steps up to the desk and requests the key for his room. Namjoon accepts it with a polite smile and a nod. When he finally makes it to the door he pauses, staring at the dark lacquer finish for a few seconds. “Just do it,” he mutters before he opens the door and steps inside. Stood in the middle of the room in blue jeans, an oversized sweater, and a surgical mask on his face, Jimin is significantly more dressed down than Namjoon has ever seen him. Even his hair looks naturally mussy rather than artfully teased and arranged to give the appearance of being tousled. “Hey,” Namjoon breathes, closing the door behind him. Jimin waves, his hand all but drowning in the long sleeve. Namjoon clears his throat and steps closer to the other man. “Getting this appointment was almost as difficult as finding the agency in the first place. For the money we pay, clients really do get indulged a lot, it was kind of weird to be told 'no'. I had to insist that our sessions had minimal contact just to get this one appointment. Spun a tall tale about how I was into erotic trampling and asphyxiation and shit.” Namjoon hopes the line will pull a laugh out of Jimin, make his eyes disappear as the apples of his cheeks get fatter. Jimin looks away. The mask on his face covers most of his reaction, but Namjoon sees a glimpse of amusement sparkling in his eyes. “Please say something,” Namjoon sighs. “I can't read your expressions when they're covered up by the mask. ” Jimin returns his gaze to Namjoon's face. “I don't know how much they told you, but this can't be a normal session.” His voice is strong and clear, if slightly muffled by the mask. Namjoon swallows his disappointment. “Don't insult me, man. You've got to know that I didn't want one last quickie.” “No, I suppose not,” Jimin concedes, crossing his arms over his chest. Namjoon winces when he feels the pop in his joint. He releases his thumb and flexes his fingers, berating himself for falling back into that nervous habit. “Look, they told me that you're ill and that you're quitting and I just wanted to make sure you were alright and say goodbye. Even business relationships need closure, you know?” He chuckles slightly. “You're stalling. You couldn't fool me the first time; there's no way you can do it after nine months.” Jimin uncrosses his arms, rests his hands on his hips. “Yeah, I am,” Namjoon admits. Without further ado, he steps right in front of the shorter man. Until now, with Jimin blinking up at him, he's never truly appreciated how great their height difference is. Namjoon slowly raises his hands and hooks his index fingers in the strings of the mask. Jimin narrows his eyes. Namjoon pauses, his entire body frozen as he stares back at Jimin. After a few moments, Namjoon can feel the tension slowly bleed out of Jimin's jaw. He slowly pulls the fabric down and off Jimin's face. Jimin's already plump lips are slightly swollen in places where the scattered sores are drying up and healing. In his peripheral vision, Jimin's eyes are shaking. They close when Namjoon leans in and plants a kiss on the sore-free corner of Jimin's lips. “That's dangerous,” Jimin says, voice tight. Namjoon shrugs. “It's how I used to kiss my grandmother when she got 'fever bumps'.” “Oh.” Jimin's eyes are narrowed again, but he looks more uncertain than wary. “Yeah. Anyway, I won't keep you any longer. I just wanted to see you again, make sure you were alright.” Namjoon scratches the back of his neck as he scrambles to hold onto his courage. “And, I guess I also kinda wanted to say that—that I like you.” “What?” Jimin laughs, half voice and half air. “I like you.” It's easier to say the second time. “I like you and I've heard that confessing my feelings and accepting rejected outright is an important part of moving on.” Namjoon tries to smile, but from what he can see of his face in Jimin's eyes, it ends up looking more like a grimace. Jimin's laugh this time is even weaker than before. “You...?” “Look, I'm totally aware of how this looks and sounds—trust me. I'm really not expecting anything. It was just getting a bit too much like before, when I had a storm raging in my mind and—” Namjoon blinks at the hand covering his mouth. “Just, shush,” Jimin raises the index finger of his other hand in front of his lips, “I'm trying to process this.” Namjoon nods. When Jimin removes his hand, Namjoon has to make an effort not to lick his tingling lips. He presses them together, his eyes following Jimin as he paces a trail all through the room. “Okay,” Jimin says as he stalks back to Namjoon. “What—exactly—do you like about me?” The combative tone of Jimin's voice throws Namjoon off for a moment. “Uh, well, I mean, I like lots of things about you? Obviously, you're good looking, but not even in a way I've seen before. I've never met anyone who can be so, so sensual and sexy and yet so fucking cute and adorable.” Jimin is staring at him so hard that Namjoon has to step back and look away. “But it's not just your looks. If that was all, I would've just jumped onto the next pretty thing and fucked Taehyung.” Jimin gapes, looking as taken aback at the words as Namjoon feels. “But I didn't!” Namjoon's voice nearly cracks with how high-pitched it goes. “I couldn't. And that's when I knew that you weren't just a source of good sex and good company. I didn't just like being around you, I—I liked you. You're sweet and you're funny and you're a brat and I really like you.” Namjoon pants slightly, hoping his face isn't too red. Jimin rocks a bit on his feet, just staring back at Namjoon. “It was great sex,” he says lightly. It takes a second, but Namjoon feels a weight lift from his chest when he sees the teasing glint in Jimin's eyes. “Yeah, true,” he laughs breathlessly. “So?” Jimin looks expectant. “So?” Namjoon blinks, not following. Jimin rolls his eyes. “Really? You're just going to leave it at that? Confess and then run away?” Tempted to say, “Yes, that was kind of the plan,” Namjoon bites his lip. “Look, the reason you failed with your friend wasn't because he put you in 'the family zone', it's because you didn't even try. You didn't tell him how you felt until it was too late.” Namjoon blinks. “Well—” “And after going through so much trouble to set up this meeting, you're just going to let me walk out of that door—out of your life?” “Well, I didn't think—” “Alright, then,” Jimin sighs, fixing his mask back into place on his face. “Good bye, Namjoon.” He turns and starts towards the door. Namjoon was never athletic, was always one of the last picks for teams in school, and he never got anything more than a participation certificate. But today he moves quicker than The Flash, jumping in front of Jimin's path. “That's not what I want,” Namjoon says desperately, pulling Jimin against his chest and holding him there. “What do you want?” Jimin asks softly, his breath pleasantly warm even through the mask. “I want...to walk around in a park with you and link arms. I want to sit in a cafe and hold your hand and talk. And I want to hug you and give you kisses and...” Namjoon trails off, breathing deeply. “You can start by asking for my number.” A laugh bursts out of Namjoon's lips. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.” He pulls back to look at Jimin and finally he's greeted with twin crescents. Namjoon grins so hard his cheeks start to hurt. Nearly dizzy with happiness, he leans in. He just about manages to catch Jimin's lips, but he's off-centre. “The hell? Are you crazy?” Jimin jerks his head backwards. “Yeah,” Namjoon says with a soppy smile. “Crazy in—” “Hush! Don't you dare finish that sentence,” Jimin laughs, the apples of his cheeks peaking over the top of the mask. Namjoon grins, laughing despite himself. He holds out his arm for Jimin to take. Jimin knocks his hand against Namjoon's chest and then he loops it around Namjoon's elbow. Back in the lobby, the receptionist can't hide his interest as he looks back and forth between the two of them. Namjoon just flashes him another polite smile and heads towards the exit. In front of it he sighs, letting his arm drop to his side. Small fingers give his hand a gentle squeeze. Together they step outside.     ~ ~ ~    “Come on, then,” Jimin calls out, grinning brightly even as Namjoon doubles over and rests his hands on his knees. “You know,” Namjoon pants, “when I said I wanted us to walk around a park, I was thinking more like a botanical garden in Jeju-do. I didn't really mean a national forest in Norway.” Jimin places his hands on his hips. “That's your problem, you don't dream big enough.” Namjoon rolls his eyes and straightens up, dragging his tired legs up the steep path. Their tour guide yesterday kept going on about how clean and fresh the air is here, but for all its supposed purity it's doing nothing for Namjoon's energy levels. Jimin's smile widens as Namjoon gets closer, and he just can't find it in him to be annoyed when Jimin looks so damn cute. “This view at the top better be spectacular,” Namjoon huffs when he reaches Jimin's side. Jimin just giggles and holds out his hand. Namjoon takes it in his, lacing their fingers together. Jimin presses his other hand to the back of Namjoon's neck, bringing him eye level for a lingering kiss. Namjoon tenses, but then he remembers where he is. “I know the sun is up for eighteen hours here, but let's try to hurry up a bit,” Jimin says when they finally pull away. Namjoon goes to pinch him, but Jimin ducks and sprints further up the trail. “Alright, but remember I know where you sleep,” Namjoon calls out as he trudges on. “Awww, don't be mean,” Jimin laughs, already squirming nervously as he waits for Namjoon to catch up. Namjoon chuckles, taking Jimin's hand once more as he reaches his side. He tugs the smaller man under his arm, holding him there as they continue their trek to the top. “Joonie, this is so awkward,” Jimin giggles . “Let me go,” he says even as he wraps his arms around Namjoon's torso and clings to his shirt. “Nah.” Namjoon rests his cheek against Jimin's hair. “We're fine like this.” 



Jimin



“So...” Namjoon speaks for the first time since they stepped outside the hotel.

“So?” Jimin hums, looking at the sky. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Namjoon fiddling with his fingers. In an endearing way, it's kind of ridiculous how hesitant and unsure the other man is even now. Behind his surgical mask, Jimin smiles slyly. He can guess what Namjoon is trying to ask, but teasing him is more fun.
“So, I was curious as to whether you had some free time today. I've got the day off work—probably the last one I'll have for a while—and I was thinking...” Namjoon trails off, biting his lower lip.

Jimin decides to spare him. “If you're asking me on a date, I'd be interested. There's nothing I'm doing today that can't be done tomorrow.” In fact, he'd like to put off his one big task for the day. Job-hunting now is no less soul-draining than it was two years ago.

“You sure?” Namjoon's brow is furrowed. “I know this is really short notice and you don't have to upset your schedule just to—” He stops short when Jimin's hand once again covers his mouth.

“Really, it's fine.” Jimin drops his hand. “So, where are we off to?” He looks around at the street packed with office workers carrying bags of food and cups of coffee. “Have you eaten? We could get lunch.”

In response to Namjoon's words, Jimin's stomach starts to gurgle. He pats his abdomen in a bid to silence it. “Is that a 'yes'?” Namjoon chuckles.

Jimin knocks Namjoon's chest with the back of his hand. He opens his mouth to answer, pausing when his lips brush the fabric of the mask still covering his face. Jimin frowns. “What's wrong?”

“If we do eat together, I have one condition.”

“Sure,” Namjoon immediately replies.

Jimin chuckles to himself. “Can we go back to your place?” He asks softly, peeking up at Namjoon through his lashes. There's no real need to put his charm to work; Namjoon would probably agree without them. Jimin just really enjoys seeing the slightly dazed expression it brings to Namjoon's face.

“Um, uh, yeah, why not?” Namjoon blinks.

“Thanks,” Jimin smiles. “I don't really want to take this off in public.” He gestures to the mask.

“Oh. Ohhh. Right.” Namjoon gives his head a small shake. “Sorry, I totally—”

“Don't worry about it.” Jimin waves his hand dismissively. Truthfully, he hates the idea of removing the mask in another person's presence, but Namjoon's already seen the horror that lies beneath and Jimin isn't going to pass up a free lunch. “Did you drive or are we taking the subway?”

In the five minute walk to the station, Jimin loses count of the number of times his and Namjoon's hands brush against each other. By the fifth time, Jimin is tempted to just grab Namjoon's hand. To quell the urge, he stuffs his hands in his pockets. Glancing up at the taller man, he scrutinises him to figure out if he was doing it deliberately or not. He gets his answer when they step onto train car and a hand lands on the small of his back. Jimin looks at Namjoon. Namjoon looks back at Jimin, a light flush painting his cheeks as he murmurs something about minding the gap. Jimin's smile is hidden by the mask, but he knows Namjoon can see it in his eyes. Namjoon keeps his hand on Jimin's back until they leave the train car.

“I hope delivery is alright since we're going to eat at my place anyway,” Namjoon says as they climb the stairs to return to street level.

“Yeah, it's fine. It's not like I expect you to cook on such short notice,” Jimin laughs.

Namjoon scoffs. “Even if I had a month to prepare, I wouldn't put you through that.”

Jimin giggles.

“Are you feeling for anything in particular?” Namjoon asks as they stop outside a posh apartment complex. “Like, chicken or pizza or Chinese or jjajangmyeon?” “Hmmm, not really. Chicken, maybe,” Jimin answers absently. He's more interested in checking out the surroundings. It's one thing to know that Namjoon must be wealthy to afford the agency's full-package long-haul sessions and another thing to actually see evidence of him living well. The lobby of the complex has the atmosphere of a modern art gallery—with the appropriate paintings to boot. Namjoon's own flat is decorated in a similar style, though more minimalist. The living room walls are off-white, save for the one at the far end of the room that's painted red. There isn't much in the way of bric-a-brac or decorations; a washed-out blanket with fraying edges resting on the arm of the leather sofa is the only item that seems to have any sentimental value.

“Hey, it'll be a little while until the food gets here, do you want something to drink?” Namjoon asks, already heading towards the kitchen.

Jimin blinks to clear his head. “Um, do you have ginseng tea?”

“Probably not,” Namjoon replies, smiling sheepishly. “But I do have coffee and beer.”

Jimin makes a face.

“Water, then?”

“Yeah, I'll have a glass of water.” Jimin nods. “Though I wouldn't mind having a beer with the chicken.”

“Of course. Feel free to sit down.” Namjoon gestures to the sofa that sits in front of the red wall.

“Oh, wow,” Jimin groans as he sinks into the soft leather.

“Is it that nice?”

At the sound of Namjoon's low chuckling, Jimin cracks open one of his eyes. “You do live here, right?”

Namjoon snorts, leaning back into the sofa. “I mostly stay in there.” He nods his head towards the corridor that presumably leads to his bedroom and bathroom. “I eat in here when I get back from work and sometimes I like to read in here because of the natural lighting, but that's about it.” He shrugs, taking a sip of water. “I'm a very boring person, sorry.” “I'm not much better, either, to be honest.” Jimin shrugs.

“At least you have interesting stories to tell from work.” Namjoon freezes, his eyes widening.

“You don't have to dance around it,” Jimin says plainly, absently fingering the condensation forming on his own glass of water. “I mean, you've got to be curious right?”

“It just seemed like a sensitive topic for you. It wasn't before, but earlier—back at the hotel—you were being kind of closed off about it.”

Jimin watches as a bead of water gradually accelerates, increasing in size as it runs down the coloured plastic and dribbles onto his jeans; the blue colour darkens where it lands.

“Like, you've still got that mask on your face even though we've been alone for several minutes already.”

Jimin bites his lip. He quickly releases it. “And you don't have to,” Namjoon continues. “Even though there's no-one else around and I've already seen them, you can keep it on if that makes you more comfortable.”

His voice is so deep and so warm and so comforting...And yet the back of Jimin's eyes prickle with tears, the lump in his throat already too big to swallow. He slowly tilts his head back against the sofa and blinks carefully, breathing deeply. Once he's certain he's calmed himself down, Jimin turns to his right to look at Namjoon. The other man is staring back, his position mirroring Jimin's. Jimin hooks the index finger of his free hand under the string behind his left ear. He pulls the mask off and lifts the glass of water to his mouth in one quick movement. Surprising himself, Jimin drains it with a few gulps.

“Would you like another glass?” Namjoon asks softly.

His eyes shift in their sockets as he looks at Jimin's uncovered face. They frequently linger on Jimin's lips—Jimin struggles not to bite them each time—but there's no disgust or even curiosity in Namjoon's expression. He's just...taking Jimin in.

“Yes, thanks,” Jimin replies, voice barely above a whisper.

Namjoon gets up to refill the glass. The low thump of his footsteps and the light clinking of ice in the glass seem to echo in the stillness and silence. It's a bit too much for Jimin and he doesn't know how much longer the food will be, so he turns on the television. What comes up is a re-run of a drama series that Jimin dropped after the first episode. He clicks his tongue as he changes the channel. There won't be much on at this time of day, but Jimin refuses to watch that poorly-written, poorly-acted mess—not even as white noise. Namjoon returns with the water. Before he can sit down again, the video intercom chimes. “That'll be the chicken.”

Jimin is still clicking through channels when Namjoon returns with their food and a two bottles of beer.

“I could put in a DVD if you want. I've also got Netflix,” Namjoon says as he lays the containers of chicken, kimchi and danmuji out on the coffee table.

Jimin cocks an eyebrow. “Is that why you invited me here? So we could Netflix and chill?”

“I guess?” Namjoon blinks. “And, hey, coming here was your idea,” he points out, the volume of his voice raising in that way that indicates he's a bit flustered.

“Never mind,” Jimin snickers, shaking his head. Internally, he laments the waste of a perfectly good innuendo.

“What do you want to watch?” Namjoon asks as he scrolls through the films and shows in his list. “I'm not particularly fussed.”

“You know, for someone who supposedly doesn't watch a lot of television, you sure do have a lots in your Netflix queue,” Jimin says before he digs into his half-and-half chicken.

“I've only watched, like, five of these,” Namjoon says around a mouthful of kimchi. “I queue stuff up but then forget to go back and actually watch them. If I'm paying for a subscription then I should use it, right? But usually I can't be bothered.”

Jimin really wants to pick 'Right Now, Wrong Then' since he missed out on seeing it while it was in theatres, but it's not in Namjoon's saved list and the content makes depressing fare for a first time lunch date. Going back to Namjoon's list, Jimin notices quite a few American programmes. He clicks on one that looks bright and colourful.

“You've heard of 'The Get Down'?” Namjoon grins brightly, dimples popping in his cheeks. As per usual, Jimin's face gets warmer and his fingertips tingle as if he's touched an exposed wire.

“I've heard it's good, though I've never seen it myself.” Jimin stuffs his mouth with chicken and sips at his beer.

“It's great!” Namjoon beams. “I've watched all the episodes, but I wouldn't mind seeing it again.” Jimin flashes him a thumbs up; thankfully, he seems to have gotten away with that lie. “Oh, shit, I forgot this only has the English version.”

“And you understand all of it?” Jimin knew Namjoon could speak English, but he thought it was strictly in a business context.

Namjoon nods. “Well, sometimes I don't know some of the slang and some accents can be hard to understand and I can miss things if they talk too fast, but I generally get what's going on.”

“Ah,” Jimin hums.

“It's really too bad,” Namjoon complains, a hint of a whine in his voice.

Jimin hides an amused smirk behind his bottle of beer. “Oh?”

“Yeah, it's a really good show. It's about the genesis of hip-hop in New York, about how DJs in the 70's created it from parts of disco music. It's such an amazing thing to watch happen, to see where the genre came from and see how it evolved.”

Jimin rests his cheek in his hand. He doesn't even try to conceal his fond smile as he watches Namjoon ramble on about this show. At its heart, it's a show about music and music is something Namjoon can't help but be passionate about. Times like these make Jimin wonder where Namjoon would be now if he had thrown caution to the wind as a teenager and chose to pursue music over law.

“Uh, sorry. Am I boring you?”

Jimin blinks. “Hmmm? No, I like hearing you ramble.”

Namjoon winces. Jimin reaches out to give his knee a comforting pat. Beneath his hand, the muscles in Namjoon's leg twitch and jump. Jimin looks up at Namjoon in mild surprise. As Namjoon stares back, his eyes turn glassy, his mouth falling slightly open. Jimin licks his lips; Namjoon's gaze follows the movement. Jimin can't help himself. As if hypnotised, he slowly trails his hand up Namjoon's leg, giving his thigh a squeeze. “Wait.” Namjoon grabs Jimin's hand. They both jump at the skin-to-skin contact. Namjoon pulls Jimin's hand off his thigh, moving it to the space between them on the sofa. Jimin expects him to bring his own hand back to his side, but the warm weight remains on Jimin's hand.

Namjoon clears his throat. “Maybe we should talk about how we're going to take this...you know, physically?”

“There's no point in us standing on ceremony,” Jimin huffs a laugh.

“Maybe,” Namjoon concedes, “but that was when we had a different kind of relationship.” He gestures between himself and Jimin with his other hand. “This isn't just a business transaction anymore. We can still set boundaries and the pace that we want to take things,” he says reasonably. Once again, Jimin feels a lump form in his throat. This time he's able to swallow it without choking. He rests his cheek against the sofa and looks down at their joined hands, watches as Namjoon's thumb idly strokes the back of his hand. Jimin feels himself relax with each passing second. “I really want to make out with you right now,” Jimin says wistfully, turning his hand so he can lace his fingers together with Namjoon's. Jimin absolutely loves kissing. He always has and does more so now that it's one of the few forms of physical intimacy that hasn't got some kind of taint to it because of work. Jimin could probably count on one hand the number of clients who ever initiated lip-to-lip contact—the closeted ones don't kiss men and the out ones don't kiss whores. “I wouldn't stop you if you kissed me,” Namjoon smirks, winking and tickling Jimin's palm. Notwithstanding the appearance of those dimples, Jimin simply smiles and says, “No.” It sends a flood of warmth through his body. Unbidden, giggles bubble up in his chest and spill out from his lips. Namjoon's smirk softens to a smile. “Okay.” He nods. “So, what do you want to watch?” “How about 'Right Now, Wrong Then'?” “Yeah, sure,” Namjoon replies. “I know people can think of it as a depressing film because the two leads don't end up together, but the way I see it, their relationship progresses as much as it can in the circumstances, and that in itself is a good thing. They unpacked their true selves and learned about each other, taking something away from their brief contact. He gives honest feedback about her painting and she decides to watch his films.” He pauses for a second. “Uh, I didn't just spoil it for you, did I?” Jimin shuffles across the sofa to close the gap between them. He rests his head against Namjoon's shoulder, smiling when Namjoon releases his hand to wrap his arm around Jimin's waist. “No, you didn't,” he says softly.         “Good work today, Jimin,” Manager Lee says with a pleased smile once she's finished counting the day's takings. “Thank you.” Jimin bows. “Don't forget to lock the back door after you finish taking out the recycling,” she calls out on her way to the door. “See you Monday.” Jimin bows once again. “I'll work ward. I'll see you on Monday.” Straightening, he runs his hand through the sweaty hair plastered to his forehead and surveys the cafe. Even though Jimin and his colleagues have been clearing and cleaning tables regularly through the day, there are still several tables littered with half-empty cups and half-eaten food. The chalkboard sign outside needs to be cleaned off so Minsong can make a new drawing with tomorrow's specials when she comes in. The store window needs to be cleaned. The floor has to be swept and mopped... Jimin huffs a breath. “Might as well get to it.” Taking strength from the fact that he has the next two days off, Jimin rolls up his sleeves and adjusts his apron. It's only been a couple of weeks since Jimin's worked at the cafe, but in that time he's figured out the way to order his chores to best maximise time and efficiency. To start with, he fetches the chalkboard sign from outside and cleans that off first to give it the longest drying time possible. If it's even slightly damp, the chalk won't show on the board. He'll take out the recycling just before he does the floors to keep himself from forgetting and he'll do the floors last. Cleaning the window is the only task that Jimin still struggles with, more so now that the extension pole for the cleaner is broken. The last thing he needs is to fall off a chair and break something.  
Ding ding ding!
  Jimin instinctively turns to greet whoever's at the door. “Good—Ah!” He windmills his arms to keep himself from falling. “Oh, shit!” Jimin manages to regain his balance, but he lets himself fall into Namjoon's outstretched arms. “Sorry, I didn't realise you were standing on a chair. I didn't mean to surprise you—Well, I did, but not like this,” Namjoon smiles sheepishly. “It's alright,” Jimin says as he rights himself. “What brings you here?” Namjoon shrugs. “Nothing in particular. It's Friday and we're finally both free for the next two days and I wondered if we could spend some time together. I sent you texts, but you never replied. I figured you'd be busy, so I decided to drop in and see you after hours.” “Oh.” Jimin's heart flutters in his chest. “Was that a bad idea? Am I being a nuisance?” “No, no.” Jimin shakes his head. “I'm cleaning up now though, so I'll probably be another hour or so.” He bits his lip. Namjoon smiles, flashing his dimples. “No problem. I can help you.” Jimin runs a hand through his hair as he considers the offer. As a new employee, he's hesitant to havesomeone work in the shop with Manager Lee's knowledge or consent. Plus there's a reason why the glasses in Namjoon's cupboard are mostly hard plastic. But the longer Jimin is silent, the more Namjoon looks like a Great Dane that's about to be sent back to the animal shelter. “Yeah, okay.” Jimin nods. “Really?” Namjoon perks up. “Why not?” After all, clearing rubbish and wiping tables isn't exactly skilled work. “Cool, I promise not to break anything,” Namjoon grins, putting down his bag and shrugging off his suit jacket. Jimin can't help but laugh at the other man's excitement. “It's only cleaning.” He shakes his head and then brushes his hair out of his eyes. “No, it's cleaning with you,” Namjoon says with a soppy smile. Jimin tosses a rag at his face. “Start at the back table and work your way to the front.” “Understood, sir.” Namjoon salutes. “Do you mind if I put my music on?” “No, go on.” Jimin gets back on the chair to finish the window. Namjoon is taller and has longer arms, but Jimin doesn't trust him not to fall and hurt himself. To his credit, Namjoon manages not to break any glasses as he clears the tables. Though, he does knock over a pepper shaker, sending a shower of black cascading to the floor. “Shit. Sorry,” Namjoon sneezes. Jimin waves a hand. “That's why I do the floor last. There's more pepper in the storeroom. I'll refill it.” That minor hiccup aside, Jimin and Namjoon finish cleaning the cafe in a record-breaking twenty four minutes. Before he starts on floor, Jimin has to look around the entire shop to make sure he didn't forget to do anything. “I can sweep, you sit and take a break,” Namjoon offers. Jimin would refuse—out of politeness, if nothing else—but Namjoon pulls the broom out of Jimin's hands and pushes him down into a chair. “Oh, before I forget, I brought you some ginseng tea.” Namjoon heads over to his bag and fishes out a Thermos. “Oh, thank you.” Jimin accepts it with both hands. “No problem.” Namjoon shrugs. “I thought you could use a pick-me-up.” “Do I ever,” Jimin mutters. He takes a long, slow pull, closing his eyes and letting the steam tickle his face. It brings to mind fond memories of sweltering summers, chasing his younger brother through grassy fields, and learning how to fish with his grandfather. “I find ginseng tea to be quite sweet, so I didn't put any sugar in it. I hope that's alright.” Jimin slowly releases a sigh, his shoulders relaxing with each second. He opens his eyes. “It was exactly what I needed,” he smiles at Namjoon. “Thank you.” A bashful grin, deep dimples and hipster glasses should look comical on someone like Namjoon. Instead Jimin is hit by a wave of fondness so hard that his vision swims for a moment. “Really, it was nothing,” Namjoon chuckles. When he finishes the tea, Jimin folds his arms on the table and leans forward. He only means to rest his head. The large hand shaking his shoulder is a surprise. “What?” Jimin asks thickly, his tongue heavy in his mouth. He blinks heavily, trying to keep his eyes open as he turns to the man looming over him. “Sorry,” Namjoon apologises, “I wouldn't wake you, but I don't know how to lock up.” Jimin shakes his head to clear it as he rises to his feet. Stretching and yawning, he rubs his face and runs his hand through his hair. “Thanks again for helping,” Jimin says as he heads towards the door, the slur in his voice present but receding. “I'm glad I did, you look exhausted.” Speaking of which... “Can I take a rain-check on a date tonight?” Jimin blinks when the muggy August air slaps his face like a wet towel. “I really just want to crash, but we can do something tomorrow.” “No, that's fine.” Namjoon says no more, but Jimin can practically hear the words buzzing around in his mind as Jimin locks up the cafe. “What is it?” Jimin asks when he's finished. “I was just wondering...I mean, you're shattered and I'm worried about you getting home alright, but we live on opposite sides of the city and it would be a pain to go all that was just to come back, especially since we're gonna meet up again tomorrow—” Jimin raises his eyebrows significantly. “Okay, what I'm saying is...wanna stay over at mine?” “To sleep?” Jimin lets his brows drop so he can cock one at Namjoon. “To sleep,” Namjoon says with a resolute nod. “Alright.” “Really?” Namjoon blinks. Jimin chuckles. “Without someone to wake me on the bus or the train, I'll probably miss my stops. And, anyway, somnophilia isn't your thing.” “You know, I was going to offer to carry you on my back, but I think I'll let you walk.” “That's fine,” Jimin says with a sleepy grin. “Knowing you, you'd trip and drop me.” “Come here, you brat,” Namjoon growls, throwing his arm around Jimin's shoulder and pulling him closer. Jimin giggles into Namjoon's neck, steadying himself with an arm around Namjoon's waist. Namjoon flinches when Jimin's breath hits his neck, but he doesn't pull away. Emboldened, Jimin pushes his luck and presses his lips to Namjoon's skin. “Jimin,” Namjoon warns, his voice tight. “Sorry,” Jimin mumbles, pulling away. Namjoon doesn't let him get too far. “Not kisses,” Namjoon says lowly, the words barely audible over the sound of late night traffic. “I know. I'm sorry,” Jimin repeats. Like a drunk sobering up, Jimin's sleepiness ebbs as he thinks about what he just did. Namjoon has made leaps and bounds in overcoming his fear of showing any kind of affection in public, but no kissing of any kind is still a rule he holds fast to. Jimin heading over to his place without even a change of clothes is a testament to the faith that Jimin has in Namjoon respecting his own boundaries; he should know better than to take advantage. “Hey, I'm not mad at you.” Namjoon bumps his shoulder into Jimin's. “I know.” Jimin ducks his head. “Come on, don't look so upset. It only makes me feel worse about this.” “Don't.” Jimin briefly squeezes Namjoon's waist. “Boundaries are okay, remember?” “Yeah,” Namjoon smiles, leaning in to lightly touch their heads together. The silence that follows is a bit awkward, though not entirely uncomfortable. Maybe that's just on Jimin's side—a glance at Namjoon shows him looking completely relaxed. The longer Jimin is out in the summer air, the less sleepy he gets. By the time he and Namjoon make it to the subway station, he figures out the source of his unease. Pulling away from Namjoon, Jimin digs his phone out of his pocket and sends a text.  
Buzz!
  Namjoon blinks, raising his eyebrow at Jimin. Jimin silently asks him to answer it. Namjoon retrieves his own phone and opens his messages.  
what if I do want to have sex with you?
23:09  Namjoon turns to Jimin, mouth open. Jimin bites his lip and drops his gaze to his phone. It's not long before it's buzzing in his hand.  
If that's what you really want...we can
23:10  Jimin chews on his lip, his fingers hovering over the screen as he mulls out a reply. He nearly drops it when it buzzes again.  
But why do you look like you just told me that you have an outstanding arrest warrant or something?
23:14  Suddenly, Jimin wishes that he had waited until they got to Namjoon's before he attempted to have this conversation. He huffs out a breath, knocking his head against the train window as he leans back.  
We can talk later
23:17  Jimin flashes Namjoon a grateful smile. Never before has a train ride been so long or so suspenseful. As they get out to change lines, Jimin itches with nervous energy, eager to air the concerns and doubts that have plagued his mind for weeks. As they pass through the ticket barriers and head up to street level, Jimin regrets bringing it up at all. He must be broadcasting his dilemma through his expressions or his body language because the receptionist in the apartment lobby openly stares as Jimin and Namjoon passing through. In the relative privacy of the lift, Namjoon takes Jimin by the hand and leans in for a kiss. Jimin stiffens. “Sorry.” Namjoon steps away, releasing Jimin's hand. “I wasn't trying to start anything, I just wanted to comfort you. But that was a bad idea.” Jimin sighs. His body is fatigued but his mind is racing. There's already a dull pain in his temple. Maybe Jimin is imagining it but the chiming of the lift when they arrive at the sixteenth floor has an ominous tone to it. “Would you like—” “Well, let's—” “Oh, sorry, go ahead and—” “No, it's fine, I'll—” Jimin closes his mouth. Namjoon does the same. Neither speaks for a moment, watching the other and silently gesturing for them to talk. “This is ridiculous,” Jimin laughs despite himself. “Yeah,” Namjoon agrees, smiling sheepishly. “I'll have a glass of water, thanks.” “Sure.” Namjoon heads over to the kitchen. “I've also got some leftover Chinese from yesterday. Want me to heat that up for you?” “Yes, please.” Jimin hovers in the living room for a minute, watching Namjoon watch the microwave. He takes a deep breath to gather his courage. “Actually, I'm going to take a shower first. I won't be long.” “Oh, well, okay,” Namjoon replies to Jimin's retreating back. He makes a stopover in Namjoon's bedroom to gather some old clothes that he can borrow for the night. It takes some fumbling through drawers for Jimin to figure out Namjoon's system, but soon enough he's got a pair of sweatpants and a white T-shirt in hand. Jimin picks up the toothpaste, ready to use his finger to clean his teeth. Next to Namjoon's electric toothbrush sits an unopened manual one. It's silly and a little unbelievable, but the sight of it goes a long way in calming the storm in Jimin's mind. He makes his shower as perfunctory as possible, cleaning his body and his hair as quickly as he can without slipping and hurting himself. His hair is still dripping wet when he makes his way back to the living room. On Jimin's return, Namjoon greets him with a sheepish smile. “Uh, bad news: the Chinese from yesterday might not actually be from yesterday.” “That's fine, I'm not really that hungry anyway,” Jimin says softly. He holds out his hand. Namjoon takes it, lets himself be tugged out of the kitchen. He grunts in surprise when they pass through the living room without stopping. By the time Jimin leads Namjoon through the bedroom door, the grip on his hand has becoming noticeably tighter. “Jimin,” Namjoon starts. Jimin quiets him with a finger on his lips. “These last four months are the longest I've gone without sexual contact since I became a whore.” He presses his finger into Namjoon's lips to keep him from voicing any objections. “I didn't enjoy everything I was paid to do, you know this. Some days I outright didn't want to be touched at all, but I had to suck it up and smile. “Still, it was a job, one I was good at. I knew what to do when I clocked in; I knew how to push and pull and tease to make an orgasm that much more breathtaking; I knew how to perform and put on a show. I don't...I don't know how to just be with someone anymore.” Jimin drops his hand from Namjoon's lips then raises it to his still-wet hair. He sways slightly on his feet, almost dizzy with how much lighter he feels after dropping that weight off his chest. He breathes deeply as he watches Namjoon process his words. His breath hitches and some of the weight returns when he realises that he can't read the other man's expression at all. Namjoon's face is shuttered of all emotion, his eyes staring right through Jimin like he's not even there. “...Namjoon?” he whispers. Namjoon blinks, his only reaction to Jimin's words. After a few more minutes of silent, glassy-eyed staring, Jimin lifts a hand to cup Namjoon's cheek. His skin is worryingly clammy. “Namjoon?” Jimin speaks a bit more forcefully. Thankfully, that brings some life back to Namjoon's eyes. Unfortunately, Namjoon has swung to the other end of the spectrum and now he looks devastated. Blinking rapidly, he backs away from Jimin until the backs of his calves hit the bed. He drops onto the mattress like a stone. “I'm sorry,” he wheezes, voice muffled form the hands covering his face. “And I'm sorry, I'm doing it again.” Jimin lowers himself onto the bed. “Doing what?” he frowns. “Making it about me,” Namjoon grits out through clenched teeth, pressing his hands harder into his face. “I shouldn't, but now it's in my head and shit—” Namjoon drops his hands from his face. There's no sign of tears on his face, but his eyes are bloodshot. “The entire time I told myself that I wasn't bad for it—that I didn't ask for anything weird and I wasn't rough and you smiled at me and laughed with me—” Jimin can barely hear over the ringing in his ears. “—but you weren't even in a position to—Ow!” Namjoon's eyes widen comically. “I can't believe you,” Jimin snarls, raising his hand to slap Namjoon's chest again. “Jimin?” Namjoon blinks, lifting his own hands in self-defence. “It's been months! Do you really think so little of me as to believe that I don't know my own feelings? That I can't discern real desire from obligation? Do you think I'm with you out of, of friggin' Stockholm syndrome?” “No.” Namjoon rolls to the other side of the bed, dodging another attack. He attempts to use the momentum to jump to his feet, but fumbles, going crashing into the wall with a sickening thud. “Namjoon!” Jimin gasps, the red haze retreating from his eyes. He rushes to the other man's side, crouching down next to him. “Are you okay?” he frowns. “Uh, well, I'm not bleeding,” Namjoon chortles. He removes his—thankfully—bloodless hands from behind his head and holds them out as proof. “Good,” Jimin sighs in relief. “Ow,” Namjoon whines, rubbing his shoulder. “You're a dick.” Jimin rises to his feet and steps away. “For what it's worth, I'm not trying to be one.” Jimin crosses his arms over his chest. “I'm clumsy in more ways than one. You know me; I overthink things and get in my own way. And this is new territory for me too.” A jolt of electricity runs through Jimin's body. “Please, Jimin. I'm not trying to be condescending, I'm just worried—worried about fucking up and hurting you.” “Namjoon, was I your first?” Jimin asks softly, turning around. “Not—Well, I mean I got a couple of hand jobs from guys at clubs and once I nearly got a blowjob...” Namjoon trails off, looking away and rubbing the back of his neck. “Oh, Namjoon,” Jimin sighs. Even if he wanted to, Jimin can't hold onto his anger and frustration at the sight of Namjoon looking so bashful. “Um, so, this has been a very...illuminating evening. I think I'm about ready to turn in,” Namjoon says cautiously, turning back to face Jimin. “That sounds like a great idea. I feel like I've just lanced a massive boil.” Jimin pushes his hair back, fluffing it up. Namjoon's bed is large enough for them to sleep without touching each other (and Namjoon sticks to the far end of one side the as if he thinks that's what Jimin wants). Jimin curls up behind him, resting his forehead on the nape of Namjoon's neck and wrapping an arm around his waist. “If you want to be the little spoon, you could just ask,” Jimin mutters, already halfway asleep. Namjoon's back trembles with laughter. He covers Jimin's hand with his own and relaxes into the bed.    'Namjoon...' Jimin blinks in confusion at the sight of the other man. Waking up in bed next to Namjoon means being in the hotel, but the wall and the sheets and the furniture are all different. Jimin sits up in bed and takes a proper look at the room he now remembers is Namjoon's. Yawning loudly, Jimin starts to stretch; he revels in the cracking and popping of his joints. Beside him, Namjoon groans and shifts in his sleep. “Morning,” Jimin says around a yawn. Namjoon grunts wordlessly in reply. Jimin laughs through his nose. He lies on his side, reaching out to ruffle the other man's hair. Namjoon opens his eyes at last, blinking owlishly. “Hey,” Jimin greets him, his voice raspy. “Hey,” Namjoon mumbles. The hand resting on Jimin's leg comes to life. It moves slowly up to his hip, fingers lightly stroking the exposed skin from where the too-large sweatpants have slipped down. Jimin watches Namjoon's long fingers—musician's fingers—as the absent petting morphs into something more deliberate. Returning his gaze to Namjoon's face, Jimin finds him looking far more awake and alert. The hand cups Jimin's hip but otherwise ceases its movement. Jimin looks down at Namjoon. Desire is as familiar a sight to Jimin as the back of his own hand. He's seen it in the eyes of passing strangers and clients—from Namjoon himself. Love he knows from his family and from friends back home. The combination of the two is dizzying and new. Jimin leans down and presses his lips to Namjoon's. His lips are chapped, his breath is too warm and heavy, there's a film over his teeth and a slightly bitter taste permeates his mouth, but Jimin refuses to pull away from Namjoon. Not breaking contact, Jimin raises his hips and throws his leg over Namjoon's side. He moves to lie down on the taller man's chest, but Namjoon sits up, shuffling back to lean against the headboard. Pressed this close, Jimin can feel that Namjoon is half-hard in his pants. The sensation makes Jimin's own cock twitch in interest. Curling his arms around Namjoon's neck, Jimin slowly moves his hips forward. “Mmmm,” Namjoon groans and Jimin feels it rumble in his own chest. Namjoon squeezes Jimin around his torso, bringing them close enough to trap atoms. He loosens his hold, letting Jimin sit back on his heels. Even now, Jimin is only just eye-level with Namjoon. “Hey,” Namjoon says with a dreamy smile. “Hey.” Jimin returns the smile. “Slept well?” “Yeah, I was too tired to be disturbed by your snoring.” “Pfft, as if you can throw stones.” Jimin chuckles. “So, what did you have in mind for us to do today?” He stretches once more before he climbs off Namjoon. A hand grasps his wrist before he can get out of bed. “Can we just lie in for a bit?” Namjoon pouts cutely. Jimin's empty stomach vehemently protests the notion. The stale after-taste sitting on his tongue and the mildew odour coming from the damp spot on the bed where Jimin laid his head offer support. “Yeah, sure,” Jimin hums as he curls up next to Namjoon. The lub-dub of Namjoon's heartbeat is strong and clear and it should keep Jimin awake, but something about the sound is comforting. Jimin finds himself struggling to keep his eyes half-open.         “Hey, Jimin.” Jimin raises his eyebrows so Taehyung knows he's listening even as he keeps his eyes on his phone. “Seriously, man? After ignoring me on LINE for weeks, you invited me out just to ignore me in person?” “It's not like that,” Jimin frowns, his brow knitted as he struggles to text Namjoon and speak to Taehyung at the same time. “Namjoon's just been super busy at work, this is our one window of opportunity to talk for the day.” He even had to pull an all-nighter on his birthday, the poor thing. At the moment, he's not even got the time to spare to eat in the break room, he's sitting at his desk and reading through pages of a seemingly endless contract that he needs to finish editing by tomorrow morning.  
My eyes r bleeding TT
14:47  
:< awww

hang in there joonie!
14:48  “Ah, so you haven't moved in with him yet?” Jimin spares Taehyung a glance. He's leaning forward over his burger, elbows on the table, eyes glinting with interest. “Not, like, officially.” Jimin shrugs. “I stay over some nights though.”  
Miss you so much
14:50  
me too
14:50  “Is it because he spies on you in the shower?” “Tae!” Taehyung flashes him a cheeky grin. “You can't blame me for being curious. Second to me, you're the last person I'd expect to date a John.” He stuffs a few fries into his mouth. “Yeah, well, life is funny,” Jimin says vaguely. He's only just got Namjoon to stop dwelling on their past, dredging up with Taehyung is not on his list at all. “Alright, alright, I can take a hint,” Taehyung says in a sing-song voice. The fry in Jimin's hand is perfectly poised to hit Taehyung right between his eyes. After a second of deliberation, Jimin direct it to his mouth instead.  
Sorry, I've got to go and finish this thing :/
14:55  Jimin pouts.  
ok. text me when you finish, no matter how late it is
14:55  
promise!
14:56  
I promise :]
14:56  “So, what have you been up to?” Taehyung asks when Jimin pockets his phone at last. “Not much.” Jimin shrugs. “I work at a cafe, I play video games, and I have dates with Namjoon.” “A cafe? Now that's nostalgic. I miss free coffee,” Taehyung sighs, resting his head on his fist. “If I stop by would you give me a discount?” “No,” Jimin smiles sweetly. Taehyung sticks out his tongue at him. “To be honest, I'm kind of tired of the cafe,” Jimin sighs, taking a sip of his lemonade. “Would you think about going back to college? Yeah, okay, maybe not,” Taehyung corrects himself before Jimin can open his mouth to reply. “You could give dancing another shot,” he grins, snapping his fingers. “What, like, on a pole?” Jimin cocks an eyebrow. “No, like, in Hongdae.” “I dunno,” Jimin swirls his half-empty cup, “I've not done it in years. And Hoseok moved back to Gwangju, so I don't even have a partner anymore.” “He did? Are you alright for rent?” Taehyung frowns. “Yeah, I've got savings and this new job helps.” Taehyung hums for a minute, scratching his chin. “Have you ever thought about making videos? Don't say a sex tape! I mean, like, as a vlogger.” “What would I even make videos about?” “Anything.” Taehyung shrugs. “You could host a mukbang. Or you could talk about the games you play—recommendations and shizz. You could even do some of those quick workout from home type videos. Those are really popular with people who don't have the time or the money for the gym.” Jimin pulls a face and pats his stomach. The pit-pat sound has now become a thump-thump. “I'm not sure anyone should be taking workout advice from me.” Taehyung gasps, his hand flying to his mouth. “No more chocolate abs?” Jimin shakes his head. “The chocolate has melted. It's now more like pudding.” “Oh, well. You still look hot though. I mean, I'd do you if you'd let me,” he says around a mouthful of his burger. “I'm flattered,” Jimin says flatly. “Think about it. Doing videos, I mean.” Jimin waves his hand dismissively, but the idea stays buried at the back of his mind. During his nightly commutes, he catches himself playing back the events of the day, sifting through the tedium to find points of interest. Selling coffee and muffins is distinctly more formulaic than selling one's body. Nevertheless, it's given Jimin more than a few amusing anecdotes. He tries recounting them to himself in the mirror some mornings as he gets dressed, but he always ends up feeling too self-conscious to finish. He stews on the idea for three weeks before he finally mentions it to Namjoon over pizzas and beer. “Videos?” he murmurs thoughtfully. “Is it realistic? I don't think I'm charismatic enough to have people go out of their way to watch me eat.” Jimin blows at the hair hanging in front of his face before he brushes it away with his hand. “If you're camera-shy, you could write a book instead,” Namjoon says matter-of-factly. “A book?” Jimin feels his eyebrows leap to his hairline. “Yeah, why not?” Namjoon asks, as if it's really that simple. Jimin opens and closes his mouth, but the words refuse to come out. “Don't look so pressured.” Namjoon raises his hands defensively. “It was only a suggestion.” “It's...I've never thought about writing a book before. I don't know if it would be any good.” He takes a large bite, carefully chewing the meat and melted cheese. “'It always seems impossible until it's done', Nelson Mandela,” Namjoon says sagely. Helpless laughter spills from Jimin's lips. It quickly peters off. “Do you really think I could do it?” Jimin sits up straighter, staring Namjoon dead in the eyes. “Yes, I do.” Namjoon nods. His voice is light, but it lacks flippancy or insincerity. Jimin slowly releases the breath he didn't know he was holding. “Alright, I'll try,” he says softly. “Cool,” Namjoon smiles. His dimples make for a welcome and reassuring sight. “Is there anything else on your mind?” Jimin clicks his tongue. “Yes, you need to take a break from work before you give yourself a heart attack.” He punctuates his declaration with a jab of his half-eaten slice of pizza. Namjoon darts forward with his mouth open. Jimin pulls back the slice before he can reach it. “I'm serious,” Jimin frowns. “You didn't even get to celebrate your own birthday, and the only reason we'll be together on mine is because tomorrow is Sunday.” Namjoon sighs, “Yeah, I know. It would have to be some time next year, though. The firm tends to get a bit hectic as the year draws to a close.” Jimin's mouth twists. “Well, alright, but let's decide when now, so you can book the time off with no problems.” “When were you thinking?” “How about the summer—June?” “Because it's the anniversary of when we first met?” A smile slowly spreads across Namjoon's face. “Hmm, more because it'll be warm and we'll have maximum daylight hours, but yeah, sure, that too,” Jimin says with a careless shrug. Instead of dodging, he leans forward and catches the pepperoni that Namjoon lobs at him right in his mouth. “Thanks,” he grins smugly. Namjoon rolls his eyes. “Alright, I'll book a week off in June. What did you have in mind for us to do?” “I think we should go on a trip together,” Jimin says with a hopeful smile. “A trip?” Namjoon blinks. “Where?”         “Norway trip, day three. June 26, 2020. 5:19 a.m. This is Jimin's log. It's this early in the morning and yet the sun has already been up for an hour.” Jimin zooms the camera in on his eyes and blinks into the lens. “As you will probably remember, I'm very tired right now,” he croaks. “I was actually sleeping quite well. Yesterday's hike with Namjoon was more tiring than I was willing to admit and the eight hour time difference is hard to adjust to so quickly. I fell asleep in an instant. However...” He zooms out, bringing the sleeping lump behind him into view. “However, my bladder woke me up in the middle of the night and Sleeping Beauty has very ugly snores.” As if to prove his point, Namjoon snorts and grunts particularly loudly, shifting on the bed until he flops onto his stomach. “I went to the living room section and lay down on the sofa, but I could still hear him,so I only got to doze.” Jimin takes a deep breath and slowly exhales. “Jimin of the future, does it get any easier? Do you learn to tune it out? Or are you in jail because you smothered him with your pillow?” Jimin walks around to the other side of the bed and turns the camera on Namjoon. Half of his face is buried in the sheets, but his mouth is open, letting sounds and saliva escape in equal measure. Jimin laughs softly and snaps a photo. “Jimin of the future, I hope this footage still makes you smile. I hope Namjoonie's cuteness still makes your heart thump until it hurts. I hope we have a whole collection of trip videos. I hope you're writing your follow-up book after your first was well-received.” “Jimin...” Namjoon mumbles. “Ah, Sleeping Beauty is awake. Good timing too, we still have to get changed and eat and we have to be at the docks before eight.” “If I'm Sleeping Beauty then give me a kiss...” “Hang on.” Jimin kneels down next to the bed and carefully angles the selfie stick. “Yeah, that looks good,” he mutters to himself as he checks the screen. Namjoon attempts to raise an eyebrow, but he ends up winking at Jimin instead. Jimin giggles and leans in to press his lips to Namjoon's. Without missing a beat, snaps several photos before he pulls away. Namjoon cranes his neck to follow, looking more awake than he did a minute ago. Jimin flashes him a cheeky grin. “Well, we've got to get up and go make those memories that you'll be reflecting on as you write. Jimin of the future, fighting!” Jimin pumps his fist. “Log end.”




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



