



Vervain and Rapunzel - vietbluefic - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Vervain and Rapunzel
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12067923.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Major Character Death
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster & Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster & Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Seokjin | Jin & Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, background characters
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Fantasy, Alternate Universe - Fairy Tale, Dark Fantasy, Dark Fairy Tale Elements, Fairy Tale Retellings, Fractured Fairy Tale, Rapunzel Elements, Hansel and Gretel Elements, Rumplestiltskin Elements, Magic, All Magic Comes With a Price, Names, names have power, Witches, Blood and Violence, Illness, Blood Magic, Magical Deals, spinning, Spinning wheel, Healing, Dessert & Sweets, Brainwashing (sort of), Enchantment, magic-induced forgetfulness, Possessive Behavior, potentially disturbing imagery/themes, Heavy Angst, Platonic Relationships, Protective Siblings, Brotherly Love, Namjoon-centric, (for the most part), Protective Namjoon, Namjoon & Taehyung Are Brothers, Sweet Taehyung, Sick Taehyung, witch seokjin, Seokjin Isn't Human, Bittersweet Ending, Twoshot
Series:
Part 1 of
The House of Gingerbread and Icing
Stats:

        Published: 2017-09-12
          Completed: 2017-12-03
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 22786
      

Vervain and Rapunzel
by vietbluefic
Summary
Namjoon had known better than to steal from a witch’s garden, he truly had. But his brother was sick, and his brother was dying, and love drives even the sanest of men to do mad things.He just never expected the extent of the consequences. ❦ ✿ ❦ ✿ ❦ ✿ ❦ ✿ ❦ ✿ ❦“We were as Hansel and Gretel and we ventured out into the black forest of the world.” ~Patti Smith
Notes
Also inspired by certain elements of Cherry of Zennor, or The Strange Story of Cherry Honey.FINALLY got around to posting SOMETHING after months of writer's block! I freaking love fairy tales, heheheh. ❤EDIT 6/22/18: I've since made a YouTube playlist of songs that I'd listen to on repeat while writing this story, as well as some others that I hope will add to the mood. I hope you guys enjoy!

          See the end of the work for more notes





The Thousand-Blooms Garden
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The forest is off-limits, for the safety of everyone in the village.There are no excuses. No exceptions. No one is to enter the treeline even under the worst circumstances. When firewood is running low, when meat is needed to fill a family’s bellies, you don’t go into the forest for that. You go west, away from the sunrise, heading into the woods where the trees grow sparse and low, pale brown with dried-out shrubbery. Turn your back to the eastern forest, to all its mangled trunks, tangled briars and green-black leaves. Ignore the cool wind that slinks through the treetops. It’s the safest thing to do.There is good in that forest, yes (good boughs for the aforementioned firewood, and enough deer and boars to feast year-round) but the creatures that favor cruelty and malicious mischief far outnumber them. They live in the hollow trunks, the shivering meadows and uneasy breeze; they float along the sound of bells and laughter. Taehyung claims he can hear them from the window of his sickbed. He often asks Namjoon about them to pass the dreary days.“They’re loud today, the faeries,” he says. “Maybe they’re having a party.”The night is blue outside, as is the spring moon and the towering, groaning trees. Fireflies dot flickers of gold through the darkness. Taehyung has a bad chest-cold that turns his voice thick and wheezy, and Namjoon smiles as he mixes horehound syrup into his younger brother’s porridge.“Wouldn’t surprise me. They’re supposed to love to dance, so they probably invited all their friends over for a ball. Open up, say ‘ahh.’”(He doesn’t hear anything.)Clearly Taehyung likes the idea of a faerie ball. The boy’s eyes light up even as Namjoon spoons watery gruel into his mouth. They’ve stretched their last bag of oats thin. Soon the pantry will be scraped clean, and they’ll have to survive on runny grain porridge, bitter-black rye bread, and salads of dandelion leaves and whatever greens Namjoon can find in the woods. Without Taehyung’s help, he can’t gather enough wood to sell either, nor risk the full day it takes to go to market with his brother alone and bedridden. The coin purse jingles emptily as a result. Another thing to worry about. For his brother’s sake, Namjoon struggles to keep the exhaustion off his face — though, granted, smiles come easy whenever Taehyung manages to sit up, the way he does now.“The washerwomen told me they drink flower nectar for wine,” Taehyung croaks around the porridge. “I think that’s smart. Wine’s gross and sour, and way less delicious than flowers, I bet. It’s basically rotten fruit juice and I can’t ever get it down at all.”Namjoon makes a face at him in sympathetic solidarity, although he does chide, “Does that mean you’d rather drink your tinctures straight?”“Ew, no way! You remember how the garlic one smelled?” Taehyung shudders and pulls the quilt over his face, as if to physically ward off the memory. “It tasted even worse. The wine helped then.”“And you’re lucky the doctor prescribed you something sweeter this time around.” Namjoon chuckles and pokes the blanket lump with the spoon. “C’mon, Taetae, eat up.”Namjoon is a worrier. He can’t help it — their mother used to say that he came out of the womb with a frown, and thus Taehyung likes to joke that his big brother was born overthinking. It earns him a swat over the head each time, but it’s not untrue. After Taehyung manages to swallow a few more mouthfuls, Namjoon sits with the barely-eaten bowl in hand and listens to his brother’s mumbles with one ear. Every breath that Taehyung takes rattles wet and hollow in his chest. Namjoon feels his own heart squeeze, tight and fearful.Nobody goes into the forest — so nobody has the medicine that Taehyung needs.“Vervain and rapunzel. The more, the better,” the doctor had said. His mask swung around so that he could peer at Namjoon through the tinted eyeholes. The curved beak, combined with the doctor’s black-wool robes, made it seem as though a giant raven perched on the footboard, ready to peck out Taehyung’s fever-swollen eyes and eat the sickness off his bones. Chills had slid down Namjoon’s spine like icy fingers at the thought.“You would boil the herbs over the hottest fire manageable to make a tisane, then have him drink the mixture every other hour for fifteen days. I’d expect to see improvement by a week.”“But?” Namjoon had pressed, because he’s good at hearing the things people don’t say. And the doctor had paused. Stared at him. Namjoon half-expected the mask to split open and show a raven’s shriveled triangle tongue.“Rapunzel is a winter green,” said the doctor at last, and his breath had reeked of rosebuds and posy, “and vervain does not grow in these regions. You can buy them from the market, but…” Namjoon remembers how his eyes rolled like a hungry bird, taking in the room with its sparse furnishing, dirty walls. The tiny two-room cottage, exuding such curses as  hunger  and  disease  and  poverty.The doctor hadn’t finished. Instead: “I give the boy a month. Maybe two. He won’t make it to autumn.”Namjoon had wanted to drive him out with screams and fury and a splintered broomstick. Instead: “Oh. I see. I… Here. Your payment. Thanks, anyway.”And then the door closed and he sank down to the floor to cry.Taehyung is a good boy. A good brother. No matter how much he may complain, he takes all his medicines without protest and tries to help Namjoon around the house on the days he has strength to stand. Taehyung cracks bad jokes, brightens their poor house. He squeezes his eyes shut and keeps quiet when Namjoon has to force bitter elixirs down his throat; he’s used to it. So Namjoon continues cooking for two, working for two, working to pay off the continuous doctor visits and pricey drugs. His arms and shoulders toughen with labor, so that Taehyung squishes his biceps between clammy hands and giggles.“You look like a pirate,” he rasps, grinning and sleepy. Namjoon scoffs and leans in to pinch his cheek.“Brat,” he says and nuzzles Taehyung’s sweaty hair. He’s never afraid of catching whatever Taehyung has because as a woodcutter, Namjoon has always been strong, solid. Hale and healthy the way Taehyung never was.(So he ignores the snarled, needling thoughts that arise amidst the dark of night. The ones that whisper how the pantry would be full if the sickbed were empty. How he’d make it even if Taehyung never does. How  easy it would be to gather his brother into his arms and carry him into the woods, into the river. Taehyung is so weak against the cold.)(They’re horrifying thoughts and Namjoon sobs silently for his brother’s forgiveness.)“Dummy,” Taehyung responds. His skin radiates heat against Namjoon’s cheek as he sighs. Taehyung’s fingers are thin enough to see right through to the delicate bones where he slips them into Namjoon’s waiting grasp. Then, little by little, they relax and go slack as he drifts off to sleep.Outside the window, the breeze whistles and Namjoon imagines he hears windchime-voices within it. He holds Taehyung’s fingers between both his hands, a moment longer. Then he lets go. He gets up. Fetches his axe.Nobody goes into the forest.But Namjoon needs that medicine.Those who wander the forest are at risk of becoming lost, in more ways than one, and Namjoon picks his way around the creaking trees with hyperalert caution. The path is badly overgrown. Rich earth festers with weeds and thorns that catch at his boots, so that he has to hack his way through. An owl hoots somewhere overhead. Wolves howl in the distance, and moonlight illuminates the underbrush in slivers of silvery white. The flame of Namjoon’s oil lantern wavers in the breeze. He keeps walking.A witch is said to live here. Not that unexpected, if one considers the nature of this place — but it’s the rumors surrounding this enigmatic figure which Namjoon has seized onto. They say that the witch makes his home in a stone-and-root house reeking of magic. They say that he possesses knowledge worth a hundred generations of doctors. They say that he steals children from their cribs, eats their hearts whole and ripe. They say he has a sweet tooth.They say his garden teems with all sorts of flowers and herbs, growing out of season.And with every step Namjoon thinks:  Vervain and rapunzel. Vervain and rapunzel. Vervain  — step —  and  — step —  rapunzel  — step.The moon rises through the hours and the path never ends.He sees a light.Through the cloyed, sticky shadows between the trees comes an orange glow: tinier than the nail on his pinky. Namjoon feels his breath go backward and he picks up the pace, ignoring the ache in his soles. Fallen branches and new shoots crackle underfoot, and the noise feels as if it’s attracting every evil thing from miles away. Suppressing a shudder, Namjoon puts out the lantern in hopes for cover under dark, and at once the shadows pounce. Gaps between the trees threaten to swallow him up. Vines and saplings reach for him. Their spindly leaves look like deformed fingers, triple-jointed and greedy. He feels so many eyes on him.Namjoon focuses on the distant glow ahead as sweat begins to trickle down his face. The blurry silhouette of a chimneyed house is coming into view. Not even the treetops stir with the slightest breath of wind. All is still. The night-insects are silent. He wonders against reason if his eardrums have ruptured.A stone wall. Namjoon pauses, squints into the dark up and down its length. There’s a sickly-sweet odor, thicker than treacle in the air, like a million burning poppies. He drops the oil lantern where it clatters deafeningly against a rock, then scales the wall. Rough hands scrabble for purchase before he drops down on the other side. The house stands mere feet away, that soft glow emitting from its curtained windows, the highest of which gapes round and golden through the darkness. Orange firelight through the curtains, probably from a hearth. Not that it matters. Namjoon is already searching.This close, he can hear it: the faint  wrrrrrr, wrrrrrr  of a spinning wheel.By the dim light of the windows he paws around for the purple of vervain, the dainty leaves of rapunzel. The heady stench of the garden with its thousand blooms fills his head to vertigo and he chokes on the urge to retch. Frantic, Namjoon digs past an entwined jungle of hawthorn, ragwort, and deadly nightshade. Glistening holly berries bead against his skin, drops of blood; thyme, sage, and garlic try to warn him away with their pungent scents. Milkweed drips sticky sap over his fingers. A budding nutmeg plant rattles its fruit irritably when he crushes its stem aside, and the meadowsweet and lavender catch him across the face with soft, scratchy blooms. Namjoon barrels into a patch of foxglove and irrationally he imagines their bell-flowers ringing silver, a warning for the witch about the intruder, and his heart thunders as he rips up plants in his haste,  hurry hurry hurry—There.He grabs a cluster of purple blossoms and yanks, so hard that a chunk of earth trails behind their roots. It takes another heart-seizing minute to find the rapunzel, but once he does, he stuffs them by the handful into his pockets until they brim to overflowing. Namjoon’s breath comes so fast he practically hyperventilates, and with the desperation of a dying man he drags himself back over the wall and hits the ground hard. Then he scrambles to his feet and runs. Runs. Doesn’t look back. Never look back.He wouldn’t have wanted to see the shadow that appeared at the window anyway.The axe swings and splits the log with a clean, sharp sound. With single-minded efficiency, Namjoon saws and hacks and piles wood into a jigsaw arrangement, lining kindling and oil at the base so that the wood will burn easy. On top he sets an iron pot filled with water. The fire roars high once ignited, and Taehyung peeks from the cottage window with feverish fascination.The woodcutter washes his stolen herbs with cold spring water. Picks the dirt from their petals, snaps away those few rotten stems. Then, after the fire turns blue and the pot froths with heat, he drops in the herbs.They wither and shrivel into mush. Namjoon stirs every so often with a carved spoon, causing a honeyed fragrance to waft up with the steam each time. His heart misses a beat. Briefly, he wonders if witches grow their herbs with magic.(He wonders — too late — if there will be any unwanted side effects.)“Taehyung,” Namjoon calls after he spoons out a cup of the tisane. “I have your medicine.”Taehyung had nodded off; he stirs and blinks bleary eyes when Namjoon enters the bedroom. The older boy sits on the edge of the bed and Taehyung reaches for his hand right away.“You smell nice,” he wheezes, and Namjoon smiles with his eyes.“I smell like soot,” he corrects. He has charcoal smeared across his arms and cheeks, and black rubs off onto the sheets as he helps Taehyung into an upright position. The pillow is soaked under dark hair and fever-sweat. But the boy looks at him with crescent-eyed fondness, and suddenly Namjoon finds that he’s glad he stole from the witch.(Stupid.)“How does it taste?” he can’t help but ask as Taehyung sips, tentative, from the tin cup. The liquid inside is hot and brackish green, such that Taehyung wrinkles his nose when he first sees it. But now his eyes widen and he stares at Namjoon in surprise.“Good,” is the astonished reply. “It’s really good. It tastes like…like…” Another sip, a contented sigh. “Like if…you were thirsty for a long, long time, and then finally got to have a drink of water. It’s good like that, y’know?”“Yeah?” Namjoon’s heart is pounding. “That’s great. So now you have no reason to complain when I make you drink more in two hours.”Taehyung sticks out his tongue. Namjoon laughs, overjoyed and so, so relieved.His brother is not going to die.But there’s not enough. He didn’t steal enough.And on the third day, even as Taehyung begins to sit up more and more often, even as Taehyung starts wobbling on bony legs from the window to the door and back, to the brothers’ delight… Namjoon feels dread fill his belly whenever he looks at the receding amount of medicine. A cup every two hours for twelve daylight hours depletes the tisane, fast enough that by evening of the third day he’s pounding the bottom of the pot to get that very last drop. Taehyung is breathing easier now, and he sleeps more soundly than ever, but Namjoon clutches fistfuls of his hair and  worries.They’ve run out. They need more. He has to go back.He stares out into the dark of the forest and shudders.He has to go back.Once more, Namjoon slips out under the dark of night and walks until the moon is at its peak, until finally the dim orange glow comes into view. His heart leaps with fear and anticipation. Namjoon flexes his fingers around the wicker basket and hurries on. There are things in the trees — more of them now — and he imagines that he can hear them rasp in layered, lapping voices. Their eyes gleam as they watch him.The granite-block wall looms when he approaches. Namjoon hooks the basket over his elbow and prepares to climb.  Go away, hisses the cold of the stones underhand.  Go away. But he bites his lip and ignores them, and they lapse into silence when he drops into the garden a second time.In and out — that’s the plan. Namjoon locates the vervain and rapunzel much quicker than last, and as he comes closer he notices that the destruction he’d wrought has been fixed since. Upturned earth refilled, trampled stems and ripped-up flowers restored. Abrupt goosebumps prickle over his skin.
 In and out. Like a proper fucking thief. Hurry. 
But right when Namjoon kneels and reaches for the herbs, for just a moment, he feels it.A thread: finer than spider-silk, taut and invisible in the dark. It’s tied to the foxgloves and when the thread jerks, the flowers chime with an inexplicable, impossible sound.The door to the house booms open. Namjoon scrambles backward as a cold wind blasts his face. His heart flies up to his mouth and sticks there when a hand seizes Namjoon viselike around the throat. He chokes, kicks, struggles to get away but the hand lifts him with ease. An oval face moves into view then, illuminated by the ray of fire from the open door, and the air in Namjoon’s lungs freezes.The witch is beautiful — much in the same way that daggers and spiders and snowy white corpses are beautiful. His voice is warm and shivery as he says, “So this is my petty little thief.”The witch smells like petals, burnt sugar, and wood-rot. Namjoon claws at his stony hand and gapes for breath. “Please,” he gurgles. “Please.”“I don’t know whether you’re exceptionally brave or exceptionally stupid to believe you could get away with stealing from  me,” says the witch. He tilts his head, and beneath dark hair Namjoon sees darker eyes, and the fury boiling inside them. “But how long did it take to mend my broken, bleeding plants, do you think? How long to replace what you ruined, to wash the fear and pain from their roots? Perhaps an offering of your blood is what’s needed to cure my garden.”“No no no no.” Namjoon sobs and shakes his head. “I-I need, I just, I need,  my brother, please, please,  don’t—”He hits the ground hard, the ghost of the witch’s grasp still scalding his neck. Namjoon coughs, gags and sucks in the icy air of the night. The witch cuts a black silhouette against the glow of firelight. Dark eyes glitter, this time with intrigue.“Speak then,” he says in his warm petal-voice. “I may be willing to listen, if your thievery turns out to have been less selfish than it seemed.”“He’s sick,” Namjoon croaks. Pain throbs along the back of his tongue but he forces the words through. “M-My brother, he’s… He needs herbs, medicine, and they don’t grow anywhere but here. I’m sorry, sorry, I wouldn’t be doing this if I had any other choice, believe me.”“Your brother.” The witch sounds thoughtful. Namjoon isn’t sure what that means. “Ah, that means you must be the elder, ever so soft-hearted and devoted. And the herbs you stole from me have run out, which is why you’ve returned to risk your worthless neck. Am I right?”“Y…Yes.”“I suppose your little brother will die without them?”Namjoon clenches his eyes shut. “Yes,” he says through gritted teeth.The witch smiles: a truly horrible sight. He kneels then, and Namjoon flinches when a bone-white hand reaches to take his chin. Fingernails rest curved and sharp on his skin. Silence encompasses. Namjoon trembles so hard he can hear his teeth chattering within his ears.“You have,” says the witch at length, “a very beautiful ring.”Namjoon starts and looks down at his hand. Nestled round the knuckle of his right ring-finger is a band of ash-wood, awkwardly carved so that the thickness varies in certain places. It’s such a plain simple thing, and yet the witch’s tar-eyes never leave it.“Taehyung made it,” Namjoon says without thinking, then freezes when the witch grins outright. His teeth are huge.“Taehyung…” Something in the name twists and turns foul as it leaves the witch’s tender lips, and Namjoon wants to bite off his tongue for the mistake. “What a lovely name. Your brother’s?”He can’t speak, just whimpers and nods. The witch studies him for a long while before getting up.“Very well. I’ll let you take as much from my garden as you want tonight, for Taehyung’s sake—” Another blood-curdling smile. “—if you give me that ring.”Namjoon bows his head and tugs the ring off with trembling fingers. The witch plucks it from his outstretched palm, runs a fingertip over the nicks on the inner curve. From inside his house, light hits the ash-wood ring so that it glows liquid gold. Then the witch’s eyes flick up and pierce Namjoon through the heart.The warning is clear.Under the creature’s sharp watch, Namjoon rushes to gather all the vervain and rapunzel his basket can hold, then flees as fast as he can.Namjoon doesn’t thank the witch. For to do so would be to admit indebtedness and have dug deeper his own grave.More wood. More fire. More water. The herbs crumble apart into emerald-green and the scent of honey.Taehyung gets better, oh-so-gradually. He stands. Laughs more. Grins huge and rectangular. Wanders into the cottage’s second room, beyond the threshold, and talks Namjoon’s ear off so that the older boy forgets how empty his right fingers feel. The tiny cottage blossoms like a heliotrope, filled with jokes and the smell of fresh-cut wood. In spite of himself, hope sparks deep inside Namjoon. He nurses the sensation tentatively: eager to make it grow…but too fearful to allow it to take root.Yet when Taehyung surprises Namjoon by coming out to the dry woods — a packed lunch under his elbow, a proud albeit winded smile on his face — Namjoon thinks he just might cry. They split bread, pats of cheese, and a single apple under the wan afternoon sun. Work-sweat cools on Namjoon’s nape. His arms ache from the constant swings of the axe. But in this moment, he is content.(Stupid, says a small part of him.  Selfish. You can’t ignore the truth.)(But with his belly full, his brother flushed and beaming, the witch’s house shrinks and shrinks from his mind until at last, it disappears completely.)Sunlight streaks the dark of Taehyung’s hair with apple-red. Namjoon ruffles it and smiles.The medicine lasts five days; this time Namjoon knows what to do. After sunset, once Taehyung has fallen into an exhausted, dreamless sleep, Namjoon dons a cloak and refills the oil lantern. The wild forest no longer appears so foreboding, for better or worse. Fir trees creak and bend to study him. Brambles and thistles seem to skitter in order to get out of his way. Pebbles the size of his thumb, smooth and milk-white, clatter forward to mark his path, where they gleam under the light of his lantern.The witch is waiting when he arrives.“You need more,” he states before Namjoon even opens his mouth. Cowed, the boy nods and tries not to peer past the witch into the open door, no matter how much his curiosity burns. Rose-petal lips tick up before a long hand reaches for Namjoon’s neck. Fingertips skim across his collarbones, burn what bare skin they brush. He doesn’t dare move.“Your necklace,” hums the witch. He hooks one triple-jointed finger around the chain and lifts, revealing the veined blue stone that dangles there. Namjoon swallows hard; Taehyung made this one too. “I will take it.”“Yes,” mumbles Namjoon. Then he inhales sharply when the witch yanks on the necklace and snaps the chain free. Pain stings the back of his neck, and when he reaches back, his fingers come away with a thin line of red.The witch rolls the stone charm around his palm. “Turquoise,” he murmurs, then glances at Namjoon. “Well, don’t dally. Do what you’ve come here for.”With that, he steps back and vanishes into the firelit interior of his house. The door remains open but Namjoon keeps his gaze averted to be safe. Just like last time, he quickly picks the herbs he needs, piles them into the basket, and then picks up the lantern to leave.Except.“Wait.” Namjoon freezes at the voice behind him. When he turns, the witch is back in the doorway, expression shadowed. “I’ve something I’d like to give you,” says the creature. “Come inside for a moment.”“What?”The witch doesn’t reply at first. Just stares straight at him. Golden rays ignite the edges of glassy black eyes and Namjoon’s heart halts mid-beat.“I said come  in.”The boy rushes to obey and the door closes behind him on its own.To Namjoon’s surprise, though, the witch’s house isn’t at all frightening inside. In fact, it’s almost mundane. Against the northernmost wall is a huge hearth with red-hot logs crackling inside the grate, before which is a wooden table strewn with dried flowers, grasses, and a mortar and pestle. A pot of brown, bubbling, and incredibly sweet-smelling liquid hangs over the fire. Books pile atop every remaining surface. Garlic and bunched herbs are strung from the ceiling, and past them Namjoon sees a staircase twisting upwards to the second story.The only thing that might be out of place is the spinning wheel beside the table.“Here you are.” Namjoon startles out of his ogling when the witch pushes something into his hands. “A small gift from me.”The wax paper crinkles, speckled and the color of milk chocolate. At the witch’s prompting smile, Namjoon unties the string and opens the package to reveal a baker’s-dozen cookies.Immediately the fragrance of molasses and gingerbread hits him so hard, Namjoon absolutely  has  to lean forward and inhale deeper. The cookies are golden-brown, still warm, and for a finishing touch the witch has sprinkled sugar crystals on top. In other words, they’re perfect, and Namjoon’s mouth starts to water despite himself. It’s all he can do not to taste one right then and there.But then he remembers.And he looks up with wide eyes at the witch, who stands there unblinking. Smiling.“I love gingersnaps.” The witch emphasizes the last syllable so the word ends as a hiss. “They warm the belly, warm the heart. So easy to make, too.” His eyes narrow pleasantly and he says, “Do share them with your dear brother Taehyung.”The name spills like blood from his mouth, and Namjoon’s lips are numb as he replies, “I will.” He doesn’t.On the way home, he stops by the river and hurls the witch’s gift in, as far as he can. A day later Namjoon wakes to find Taehyung gone.His heart lurches and he bolts from bed and dashes outside, hair in disarray. The boy’s jacket is missing, as are his boots, and Namjoon scours the surrounding area for any sign of his younger brother. “Taehyung?” he calls. “Taehyung?!” But no answer comes. A violent tremor seizes his entire frame and Namjoon’s mind flies to the worst scenarios: kidnapping. Wild animals. Bandits. Faeries. A witch’s wrath.“Shit,” he hisses quaveringly, thinking of a cursed house and deals and drowned, destroyed gifts. “Shit, why did I—”The sound of laughter and splashing water.Namjoon whirls around and his heart gives a relieved leap when he glimpses the sparkle of water between the trees of the safe, dry woods. The stream — of course. Taehyung had gone to meet the washerwomen.Indeed, after Namjoon’s put on his boots and tramped out to the little green stream, he soon recognizes the ring of Taehyung’s excited voice. His younger brother’s figure is as gangly and awkward as a fawn through the trees; when Namjoon discovers Taehyung eagerly telling one of the elderly women a story, an instinctive grin crosses his face. The washerwomen look as happy to see Taehyung as he is them, save one who scowls at her clothes-bundle as if it’s personally offended her. Taehyung bounces in place with his tale, and Namjoon chuckles when the older women coo and pinch his cheeks. The younger boy holds his head high. Dawn colors his face pink, brightens his eyes, tints the dark of his hair red, and everything is—Wait.No.Namjoon blinks. Steps closer, and squints. Taehyung’s hair ruffles in a breeze and the roots of it seem far, far lighter than they should be, not the deep earth-brown they should be. Then he notices the one washerwoman glance up at Taehyung. Her brow pinches together before she looks away as if he’s something distasteful. It’s that expression that has Namjoon storming out of the trees.“Taehyung!”Taehyung jumps and spins around, only to beam when he spots his older brother. “Namjoon! Listen, it’s great news: Mrs. Park is gonna have a baby, so Grandma Park is finally gonna be an  actual  grandma, and Mrs. Jeon’s grandson is all-grown up and he’s heading to the city to go to  school—”But his words snap off abruptly when Namjoon grabs his arm. The older boy has no idea what his expression looks like, but some of his panic must show because Taehyung’s tongue halts with a stutter and he stares back, wide-eyed and rather frightened.Because this close, Namjoon sees. He  sees. It was never his imagination, never what he convinced himself whenever he looked at his little brother; that it was just a trick of his eyes or the sunlight. No, the streaks of red through Taehyung’s hair are very, very real, and to his horror Namjoon realizes just how vivid the color will be. The roots are dark, still, dark crimson — but the tips have faded light enough to hint at a much more noticeable shade. Much more noticeable, and then he notices the washerwomen. Their expressions. Once Taehyung turns his back on them, they glance at one another with nervous eyes and laughter evaporating from their lips. Their gazes return, again and again, to Taehyung’s lightening hair and Namjoon knows that they too remember a near-black shade of brown. Not this. Not  this.The one washerwoman is watching him askance. Her own eyes are hard and suspicious. So Namjoon grabs his stunned brother and shakes.“Where  were  you?! I woke up and couldn’t find you anywhere!” he yells. “You’re still  sick, Tae, you’re not in the clear yet! What if something happened to you?”Taehyung shrinks under the reprimand and Namjoon’s heart breaks at his rueful expression. “But…I…”“I don’t want to hear it,” Namjoon snarls and yanks his brother forward by the sleeve. Terror hums through his veins. “We’re heading home and this better not happen again! Dammit, you  tell  me if you’re about to disappear, got it?!”Taehyung doesn’t say anything as Namjoon maneuvers them out from the washerwomen’s earshot. Already he detects mutters and conspiratorial whispers behind them. For a minute that stretches into an eon, they walk with nothing but the crunch of their footsteps on dry grass, the shrill of unseen birds. The air between them feels as brittle as frost.Then: “I feel better, you know.” In this stillness, even Taehyung’s whisper echoes. “A lot… A lot better than I ever have. I can hold down all my meals, and sleep without coughing fits, and just walk around and not feel so tired after. I’m so much  stronger  and I thought— I-I thought you’d be glad about it.”“Taehyung…” Namjoon begins.“But you’re not,” Taehyung cuts him off; the boy’s eyes are far away and so, so heavy. “You’ve been weird about the whole thing. You don’t talk to me as much. You sleep in a lot, all the way into the afternoon. You treat me like, like  glass, and you don’t wear your ring anymore, or your necklace, even though you said they were your favorite and you’d love them forever. In the evenings I clean your boots and in the morning they’re muddy all over again.”Namjoon feels his blood run cold. “Tae—”Taehyung looks up then and Namjoon is taken aback by the hurt and fear in his eyes.“And it’s…spring.” Taehyung’s voice wavers. “And rapunzel grows in winter. Namjoon, what — what did you  do?”The very woods falls silent around them.Taehyung is trying to choke back his tears, but every hiccup echoes off the shriveled trees. Namjoon plunges into immediate shame and guilt (of course, of course he’d know, how could Namjoon be so stupid) and pulls the younger boy into an embrace, which Taehyung accepts wholeheartedly. His teary face burrows into the crook of Namjoon’s neck as the older boy strokes his red-streaked hair.Namjoon crushes his eyes shut and confesses in a low voice, “I bargained with the witch in the forest.”For the longest minute, Taehyung doesn’t say anything. Then Namjoon feels him nod shakily, and it is the worst thing in the entire world.“What’s he like?”Namjoon pauses mid-swing and glances to where Taehyung sits on a rotten stump. The boy’s gaze is distant, fixed on the rim of his empty cup. Blank.“The witch, I mean.”Namjoon exhales heavily and heaps the cut logs to one side. No one is buying them, despite Taehyung’s welcome help and thus the replenished supplies of wood. In fact, no one comes near their house much anymore. Furtive eyes leer at them when the two head out to market, and Namjoon pretends that the comments he overhears don’t unsettle him.Taehyung raises his head. The sun glows through the soft red of the fringe peeping out from under his hood. Over these past few days, his hair has gone from the color of old blood to that of a plump strawberry; only a few strands of brown mottle what remains. The brightness of the shade clashes harsh with his dark eyes, dark skin, and Namjoon hurriedly flicks his gaze aside.He recalls peeled white teeth, tar-eyes, petal-soft features and lips arranged into disturbing perfection — and a full-body shudder grips him.“He’s terrifying,” whispers Namjoon. Taehyung’s lips thin and he nods.“You were scared.”“Yeah.”“I’m sorry,” Taehyung croaks, and Namjoon jolts at the heartbreak visible on his face. The older boy drops his axe and goes to grab his brother’s hands.“No,” he says, “don’t say that. Don’t apologize. Tae, this isn’t…” Your fault, he wants to say, but the way Taehyung looks at him proves that no amount of reassurance will solve this. So instead, Namjoon clutches his brother’s hands tight and cringes at how cold Taehyung is.“Joon,” Taehyung whispers, staring at their interlocked hands. Then Namjoon feels his fingers flex and the boy lifts his head to reveal round eyes. “Joon. Let’s run away.”Namjoon blinks and sputters, “What?”“Let’s run away!” Taehyung leaps to his feet, face igniting with desperate excitement. “We can pack up and go now, go somewhere far, far away where nobody knows us and the witch can’t find us! We can do it, can’t we?!”Namjoon stares, the cogs in his head turning, slowly, but turning because Taehyung’s suggestion actually  isn’t impossible. “You…You think that would really…?”“Yes!” Taehyung shouts. “Let’s just grab all our things and leave! The villagers, they wouldn’t chase us, and I’m so strong now that I could walk for — forever  and not feel tired at all! Please, Namjoon, they won’t miss us if we go and start over somewhere else. Nobody would mind.”“The sea,” Namjoon breathes, plans and maps already forming themselves in his mind. “You’ve never seen the sea. We can move there. I can become a fisherman.”“I can, too!” Taehyung crows in delight and jostles Namjoon’s arms, up and down. “I can help! I’ll become so great at fishing, we’d be catching real-life mermaids in no time!”And now Namjoon grins and laughs even as his heart begins to thunder. They can do this, yeah, they can do this. “The Kim brothers, professional mermaid catchers!”“We’ll be awesome!” Taehyung drags him by the hand towards the house, smile boxy and eager. Namjoon can’t help the fierce love that comes pouring into his chest and he squeezes the younger boy’s hand tight. They don’t have money or horses, so travel will be difficult, but if in the end they find someplace safe to call home, then it’ll all be worth it.For Taehyung, it’ll be worth it.It’s with such thoughts in mind that Namjoon looks up and sees the archer.Instinct takes over with a roar. Namjoon lurches forward with a booming “GET DOWN!” and tackles Taehyung to the ground right as an arrow whizzes past their heads. Harsh angry shouts break out between the trees and with a jolt Namjoon recognizes the voices of the village elders. He scrambles to get to his feet, hauling a breathless Taehyung up with him.“Namjoon, what—?!”“No time! Just run, Tae,  run!”He clings to Taehyung’s hand as they make a mad dash for the nearest cover: the dark of the forest. Clods of dirt fly up in the wake of their escape, vines entangling their ankles, and behind him Namjoon can hear Taehyung’s gasps of terror as well as a storm of yells, whinnies and hoofbeats. The cries turn his blood to ice, even more so than the  whizz-thwap  of the arrow piercing a tree mere feet away.“There he is! Kill him!”“Cursed boy, magicked boy!”“He’ll bring the witch to us all!”(No, whispers a voice in Namjoon’s head.  It’s not Taehyung who’s doomed us. It’s me. It’s me.)Another  whizz-thwap  — and suddenly Taehyung shrieks.Namjoon is yanked backwards by Taehyung’s fall. Pain shoots through his shoulder as though his arm’s been wrenched from its socket, and he whips around to find Taehyung curled in on himself, fist stuffed into his mouth to stifle a scream. “No, no,  nonono,” Namjoon moans when at last he makes sense of the thing sticking out of Taehyung’s thigh. A narrow wooden shaft enters mere inches above the back of Taehyung’s knee. From the other side protrudes the arrowhead, jagged and dripping. The hoofbeats are getting closer.“Go! Namjoon, go!” Taehyung shrills, trying to jerk his hand out of Namjoon’s grasp. “It’s me they want, get the hell out of here!”“Shut the fuck up and get on, you brat!”Taehyung yelps and fumbles for hold as Namjoon hauls him onto his back. His lungs are ablaze but he keeps running, propelled by adrenaline and raw fear. His back becomes warm and wet from Taehyung’s blood.But it’s not enough.It’s never enough. Whizz-thwap, and the pain that bursts through his calf brings Namjoon to his knees.They sprawl, Taehyung tumbling from his back, Namjoon collapsing headfirst into the underbrush. Briars slice open his face and blood streaks down his chin. Sweat drips into his eyes as he bellows in agony. Namjoon reaches down to wrap shaking fingers around the shaft of the arrow, and shadows flicker above him which he can’t tell is people or sunlight through branches.Mutters: grating cold against his ears. The heat and sweat of horses, the glint of unsheathed blades. Voices and commands, sharp and sorrowful both at once.“Hush, boy, it’s over.”“Won’t take long. Won’t be slow.”“More mercy than the witch.”“NO!” The word tears from his throat and Namjoon drags himself forward, seeking the form of his little brother hunched beneath looming, threatening figures. Taehyung whimpers, clings with bloody fingers to Namjoon’s shirt and it’s all Namjoon can do to hold him. Every breath wheezes thin and reedy between his teeth. His vision is swimming. “No, no, you can’t take him from me, not Tae, not, no…”Then a shadow detaches from the rest, and a shard of ice punctures him between the ribs.Someone’s hand muffles Taehyung’s screams. Namjoon stops breathing.Oh. Oh.The ice slides out and leaves behind a spreading heat. Ever-so-slowly, Namjoon feels himself fall forward, until the earth comes up to caress his face and his chest blooms open to soak into the forest floor. Blood bubbles on his lips, streams past his cheek. Somewhere far away, Taehyung is wailing his name. Namjoon’s head has dropped to one side, and through blurry eyes he watches the shadows envelop his brother. Then Taehyung stops screaming when they slit his throat.They didn’t lie. They do show him mercy: the villagers gently lay him down beside Namjoon while he chokes, thrashes and gurgles an incoherent plea. Namjoon’s eyelids flicker when he feels Taehyung scrabble at his motionless body. Feels the boy’s explosive terror, feels the weight of grief and defeat like a boulder inside himself.  It’s okay, he still wants to say, because  I’m here with you.But bitter earth fills Namjoon’s mouth and he can’t open it to speak anymore.The two brothers die side-by-side, bleeding out to feed the forest.    The sun has set. The sky has gone dark. A gibbous moon begins to rise in one patient arc, and stars scatter like chips of ice. A cold wind hisses and howls through tightly-twined trees, cards invisible fingers through Taehyung’s hair and he startles awake with a gasp.The first thing Taehyung does is grab his throat. The memory of drowning in his own blood lingers, fresh and vivid as though it just occurred. But his mind recoils and he bursts into horrified laughter when first his neck, then his leg prove smooth and unmarred. Then laughter turns to gasps, gasps turn to sobs, and Taehyung bends over the body of his older brother with a keen of anguish.“Namjoon,” Taehyung calls hoarsely, to no response. “Namjoon, Joon, please, wake up. Wake up!”Namjoon doesn’t stir. Taehyung throws his head back and shrieks.“You can’t, you can’t  do this!  It’s not fair! If you want me alive, then you’ll have to bring him back too because I’m not leaving without him, do you hear me?! IF YOU WANT ME, THEN BRING HIM BACK, UNDERSTAND?!”Nothing.Taehyung shuts his eyes and buries his face against Namjoon’s shoulder. The older boy is frigid to the touch; he no longer smells of soot and cedar but rather raw earth, and the copper in blood. Soon Taehyung’s hands are slippery red, and when he pulls back to cough and dig his knuckles under his eyes, his cheekbones smear as if bruised.He hears a soft, sweet noise beckon to him, and raises his eyes.A white songbird tilts its head. Studies him. Its pupils are button-black and shiny, feathers glimmering in the dim moonlight. It cocks its beak the other way, then turns aside and pecks at something on the ground. As Taehyung stares, the songbird unearths a hard round object that rolls and lands just a few feet from the two brothers. Moonbeams coalesce across its surface, lovely and surreal.Beyond it, there is another. And another. And another. And Taehyung’s breath hitches when his eyes follow the trail of gleaming pebbles to where it vanishes amidst branches and bushes.The songbird wings away when he stands, but Taehyung pays no mind. When he picks it up the first pebble is smooth and cool as water in his hand.  Follow me, follow me, it laughs into his fingers. Taehyung swallows hard and drops it.What choice does he have?“You’ll be okay,” he tells Namjoon, and presses a tiny kiss to his brother’s forehead before shifting him. It’s hard — because Namjoon is tall, and huge, and heavy with death — but somehow Taehyung manages to hoist him onto his back and takes a staggering first step.The pebbles twinkle and laugh. Taehyung is cold all over as he follows them into the darkness.Before long, the glow of firelight comes into view.Before long, Taehyung scents a fragrance that makes his head spin, wobbles his knees, like an overgrown garden or a million burning poppies.Before long, a chimneyed house emerges like a giant from the forest, and goosebumps prickle along his skin when the gated wall creaks open to allow him entry.Before long, Taehyung stands on the doorstep, listening to the whispers of trees and flowers surrounding him, to the  wrrrrrr, wrrrrrr  of somebody spinning inside.Silence descends after Taehyung knocks. Then, the door opens.“Ah,” says the too-beautiful face that appears in the crack. Taehyung feels terror thrill down his backside at the  black black black  eyes that cloy and cling to him, a gaze running stickier than tar over his skin. They adhere to the red of his hair and spark in recognition. Rose-petal lips peel into a smile. “I know you.”The door opens wider, pouring molten-gold light across Taehyung’s face. A delicious smell curls out, candied and nougat-creamy, enough to flood his dry mouth with saliva. But he just stands and shivers beneath the witch’s shadow. Out of nowhere Taehyung thinks of empty cribs and ripe, beating hearts.Words spill from his mouth to the ground at his feet: “My brother.”The witch waits.“He’s dead.” Taehyung’s voice cracks.The witch smiles. “I know,” he says. Somehow it doesn’t sound like he’s referring to the corpse on Taehyung’s back at all. Tears well in the boy’s eyes but he fights them, struggling to find both courage and the right things to say.“Please. Help me,” is all he can come up with. Even so the witch looks pleased. Charmed, almost. Taehyung’s legs shake, unused to hours of exertion, weak from fear and exhaustion — so he has no strength to flinch when the witch touches his hair. The gesture is frightening in its gentleness.“I can do that,” he says, “but I will need payment. You’re asking for strong magic, little one, and  all  magic requires proper exchange. Your brother gave me his ring, his necklace. What will you offer me?”Taehyung thinks about sick days, sick nights, whittled away with a knife and ash-wood. He thinks about Namjoon’s dimpled smile, Namjoon’s fingers barely able to slide the band over calluses. He thinks about a stone in a stream, a silver chain, tendons standing in his neck as the woodcutter chops down saplings for coin. He thinks about firewood. Iron axes. Thin porridge and rare happy lunches.Taehyung thinks about his brother bleeding, dying, and the truth rises to his lips: “Anything.”Then not a second later, he adds in dismay, “But I don’t— I don’t have anything.”He freezes, however, when the witch steps closer. The triple-jointed hand trails down from his temple to his throat, cupping the place where the villagers had cut him open. Sharp nails cradle the sides of his neck. He doesn’t breathe. The witch grins.“Oh yes,” he says, “you do.”The world returns in flickers.First: warmth. Tongues of flame paint his fingers, light and ticklish, while tender heat creeps under the blankets to fan across his icy skin. It melts his eyes and thaws his tongue. His body begins to relax, curling into itself. Feeling prickles along numbed fingers and toes, along the edges of his skin, and he groans.Second: light. Gold and black and sweet strawberry-red — wavering fire, shadows that spring and cavort across his eyes. A familiar silhouette, hunched and small, to whom he tries to call out but his tongue swells and strangles him. When it stretches into a tall distorted figure, though, and turns to look at him, he can think of nothing but that he wants to  get away.Last: sound. A crackling fire, the creak of wood, murmurs and a shuffling, sniffling noise. A deep voice that thrums through his marrow and turns him around so he can cling to the safety of it. A clatter and whirr: the hiss of thread on thread — these never cease.Namjoon awakes.Yellow sunlight streams into the windows. From outside trills the song of nature, birds and bees and whistling wind. The grate has been doused into cold and gritty-gray ash. Dust motes drift through the still air, which smells of old books, herbs, and sugar. Namjoon lies on a bed that’s been pushed against the southern wall. The mattress is springy, comfortable in heather and cotton. His head rests on a goose-down pillow; his leg is stiff with gauze. Wool blankets wrap him in a cocoon and Taehyung, thin and exhausted, slumps over a chair beside him.Namjoon’s eyes widen, and he finds his tongue sluggish between his lips. “T-Tae…”Taehyung jumps. Jerks his head up and blinks wildly, unbelieving. The two brothers stare at one another for a good while.“Namj—” Taehyung pounces and grabs his brother’s hands where they rest atop the covers. “Joon! You’re okay, you’re, oh,  oh, I thought—”“Shh,” Namjoon rasps, mouth parched and disgusting. “Shhh, s’okay, s’all right, Tae, I’m here now.” Taehyung whimpers and holds Namjoon’s knuckles to his cheek.“I thought you wouldn’t… I woke up and you didn’t… I didn’t know what to  do.”“You did great, Taehyung,” Namjoon says, firm despite a weak, breathy voice. “You saved me, didn’t you? That’s amazing. You were amazing, Tae, believe me. My lil’ brother.”Taehyung’s lip wobbles. Tears gather on his lashes, spill down his face. He says, “I’m sorry, Joonie. I’m sorry, I’m  sorry,” over and over, to the point where Namjoon’s brow begins to pinch in bafflement. He tries to rise onto his elbows but falls back with a grunt.“For what, Tae? Taehyung, what’s wrong?”“I love you.” Taehyung clutches his hand and won’t let go. “I love you so much, you know that, right? You’re the b-best big brother I could’ve ever had, and I’m so glad to have you, and even when I wouldn’t stop teasing or being a pain in the butt, you kept loving me and caring for me and I’m so  happy—”“Taehyung,” Namjoon whispers in mounting horror, because it looks so different by day that only now does it dawn on him where they are. “Why are we here? Wh— What have you done?”“He wouldn’t help you unless I agreed,” Taehyung says with huge fearful eyes. “But you’re okay, so I-I’ll be okay. It’ll be fine, Joon, I promise.”“What did you promise him?” Namjoon crawls into a sitting position and seizes his brother’s arms. “Taehyung, what did you give him for me?!”Taehyung swallows. Shuts his eyes. He folds into the chair as if afraid, but his fingers clutch Namjoon like the last lifeline he has left. Neither of them pay any attention to the stairs groaning under a descent of slow footsteps. Not at this moment, not yet.Taehyung gulps, inhales again and again. Then he looks up, and dark wet eyes plead for understanding.“Myself,” he says hoarsely. “I gave him myself.”Namjoon goes numb, and the witch smiles and coils bone-white hands into Taehyung’s hair.



Chapter End Notes

"Suddenly the door opened, and a woman, as old as the hills and leaning on a crutch, came creeping out. Hansel and Gretel were so frightened that they dropped what they were holding in their hands.

But the old woman shook her head and said, 'Oh, you dear children, who brought you here? Just come in and stay with me. No harm will come to you.'
  And she took them by the hand and led them into her house."


The Firstborn Child
Chapter Notes
Sorry for the wait! Enjoy!! <333

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




A zig-zag scar mars the right side of Namjoon’s chest. It’s hot to the touch, worsening when the witch runs a fingertip down the raised welts of sutures. Namjoon bristles under the contact and Taehyung offers a sympathetic look where he stands stiff and silent against the wall. The witch is the epitome of calm, however, as he paints a stripe of greenish-yellow ointment down the wound. His flesh reeks of death and violets.“You’ve been asleep for five days,” he tells Namjoon in a conversational tone. “Stiff and stone-dead when Taehyung brought you here, but I spun your blood into thread, sewed the life back into your heart. Be grateful, my petty thief.” He smiles. “You were bought at a very high price.”The ointment stings. Within the cage of his ribs, his heart thuds an odd, off-beat rhythm that unnerves Namjoon as he lies back, staring stonily at the ceiling. By day, the witch appears a wholly different person. Daylight strips away the shadows until his face rounds out and gleams. His smiles turn sincere in their friendliness, his skin glows soft pink and he becomes downright surreal in his beauty. Amber gilds the edges of his hair. He wears no shoes, but his clothes are commonplace enough: trousers, leather belt, and a knit sweater the blue-gray of a raincloud. Though disturbing still, those jointed hands no longer resemble claws as they change the bandages on his leg. Namjoon catches Taehyung ogling more than a few times and, to his chagrin, can’t bring himself to totally blame the boy either.(Only those viscous eyes stay the same. The corners of them keep watch on Taehyung, always.)Namjoon whispers, “We’re not staying.”The witch stops what he’s doing. He looms pitch-eyed above Namjoon. Panic squirms across Namjoon’s feverish skin but he keeps his hands lax on the blankets and continues, “We appreciate the help. But we’re not staying.”The witch tilts his head and looks over his shoulder at Taehyung. His expression is hard to read — though Namjoon thinks it borders on something like amusement. “Taehyung,” he says, and the boy’s breath stutters. “Come here.”Taehyung does so, and the witch cups his chin and lifts so that a ray of sunlight falls across his frightened face. A smile crosses rose-petal lips as he pushes back Taehyung’s red bangs. The look on the witch’s face is tender. His skin is stark white against the boy’s golden-brown.“Your brother is sick. Take care of him, and then come out to the garden with me. Don’t take too long, understand?” He waits for Taehyung to nod, then turns and smiles at Namjoon. His eyes narrow. “I’ll leave you two to talk.”That said, the witch exits the house (the door opening and closing for him of its own volition) and straightaway Taehyung plops himself on the edge of the bed and touches Namjoon’s hand. “I made you oatmeal,” he says softly. He pads over to the table, brings back a rough-hewn bowl. Steam curls from hot cream and grain, and the fragrance alone sends Namjoon’s shrunken stomach into fits.“Thanks, kid,” he murmurs, and Taehyung returns a wan smile. He eases Namjoon into an upright position before stirring a spoon into the oatmeal. Namjoon slips out a grating chuckle that becomes a cough; the role reversal doesn’t get by him unnoticed.“C’mon, Joonie. Say ‘ahh.’”The spoon pokes at his lips and he lifts his eyes to find Taehyung’s face soft with fondness. Clearly he’s realized their unique positions as well. Both brothers share ironic half-smiles and for a moment, it’s almost as if they’re back home. But the feeling quickly fades — dispersed by the herbs and witchery that hang like dead things from the rafters — and Namjoon ignores how every mouthful turns to stone in his belly.“He still doesn’t know your name,” Taehyung pipes up at length. “I’ve been super, super careful not to slip. He won’t tell me his, either, which I guess is obvious, but at least he won’t get yours.”Namjoon gives him a tiny, pained smile (what can he say when this is all his fault?) and loops one arm over his shoulders for a hug. Taehyung accepts it with enthusiasm, sets the half-finished bowl aside and snuggles into his brother with a sigh. His hair seeps red through and through, bright enough to bleed. A leaf is stuck in it, which Namjoon picks out and watches flutter slowly to the floor.“Did he hurt you?” he whispers. Taehyung shakes his head minutely; strands of scarlet hair tickle Namjoon’s nose.“He makes me do a lot of chores, but he’s not mean. He cooks me food and sometimes he even lets me have sweets. But I’m smart: I check everything the witch gives me for magic first, exactly the way you and the elders taught me. It could be worse, I think.” It could be worse. Namjoon smothers a chill at that. He opens his mouth to say something but is cut off by a coughing fit. At once Taehyung hops up, lays him back down, and runs over to the fireplace to pour liquid from a pot. He returns with a cup as well as a damp cloth that he presses over Namjoon’s forehead. The coolness is an immense relief to his burning skin.“I wasn’t bluffing,” he whispers between sips of chamomile tea. “We’re going to leave.”Taehyung goes rigid. He sputters in protest. “But— We can’t— I  promised—”“No. You’re not staying with him,” Namjoon cuts him off. “Whatever… Whatever the witch sees when he smiles at you like that, right now that’s probably the main thing keeping you alive. But it doesn’t guarantee that he’ll let you live months, weeks,  days  from now. No way am I taking that risk.”Taehyung doesn’t reply. He looks small, fearful and far too young to be trapped in this nightmare. His eyes skitter everywhere but at Namjoon. It’s a long, trying wait before he whispers, “You could go, you know. After you’re all better.”“Don’t talk crazy. We’re both getting out of here,” Namjoon snaps back, but Taehyung just glances at him with a wild sort of helplessness.“I can’t, Joonie. I  can’t. I told him he could have me if he saved you, which he did, and I can’t go back on what I said to a  witch.” A boxy smile appears, wobbly at the edges. “Y-You’re scared I’ll be hurt if you really do leave, huh? It’s okay. I’ll be fine, Joon. He won’t kill me, he won’t. I want you to go to the sea, like we said, and you become a fisherman and get your own boat and go all over the world, and I’ll be h-happy here. I’ll be…”His voice trails off. Namjoon reaches out to grab his fingers. Taehyung starts and blinks away tears.“Hey,” Namjoon croaks, eyes soft. “Did you forget? You’re my little brother.” He holds out his pinky. “And I’m not leaving you behind, Taetae. Not ever. You got that?”“Taehyung…”Taehyung jolts and whimpers at the saccharine voice that floats in through the door. Namjoon all but sees it wind around him, beckoning, and he squeezes Taehyung’s hand in encouragement. A second later, Taehyung squeezes back, albeit weakly. Then he lifts his other hand, and a sharp pang shoots through Namjoon at the fierce and desperate manner Taehyung curls their pinkies together.“I have to go,” he says after another second. Namjoon flattens his lips but nods, whereupon Taehyung hops to his feet and hurries out the door. After that, there’s not much to do except lie still, and listen, and wait.Come evening, Namjoon rests in bed tracing the whorls in the wooden wall with his eyes. Taehyung looks tired when he comes in, hands grass-stained and crusted with dirt. He and the witch wash up in a tub of cold well-water and then the latter cooks, humming as he works. Taehyung peeks around the witch’s elbow at the dishes, who looks at him askance and chuckles as if genuinely charmed by the boy’s drooling face. Even Namjoon has to begrudgingly admit that everything looks and smells delicious.(Numerous withered plants strew the table; Namjoon recognizes certain flowers and shiny green leaves beside the parsley and basil. All it would take is a little sleight-of-hand. A pinch of monkshood steeped into his willow-bark tea. Nightshade disguised as unripe blueberries. Hemlock roots and ramson boiled with the soup. The juice of smashed bloodroot, sprinkled onto Taehyung’s plate. They are so utterly at the creature’s mercy and oh, how he  loathes it.)“Taehyungie,” the witch calls, and it takes every ounce of willpower for Namjoon not to spit out  Don’t call him that.  “Go get your brother and we’ll eat together.”Taehyung startles out of his hungry stare and replies, “Okay.” He hooks Namjoon’s arm over his shoulders to help him out of bed, taking care with the older boy’s chest. Namjoon chews on his lip when the boy eases him into the chair at the end of the table, because the witch takes the seat directly across from him. He looks straight at Namjoon and smiles. Namjoon wants to scream.It’s a feast. Roasted chestnuts and parsnip, hares’ livers stewed with leeks and mushrooms, sharp cheese, fluffy buttermilk bread toasted to perfection; Namjoon is both relieved and annoyed when he gets only light foods for his stomach, bone marrow broth and golden applesauce. Dessert is walnut comfits and chocolate-coated blueberries. Namjoon chomps on his tongue, tries not to feel betrayed by his rumbling belly. With one hand under the table, he draws counterclockwise circles that wind tighter and tighter inward. But the food seems safe from any enchantment and he catches Taehyung’s eye to give a subtle nod. The boy’s shoulders relax.However, the witch glances up, and his vaguely smug expression fills Namjoon with equal parts terror and anger. Even more so when the witch piles Taehyung’s plate high and the boy digs in eagerly. Both stiffen, though, when the witch ruffles his hair as well, strands pooling like blood under his palm. Taehyung shivers and gulps down a lump of food, and the witch laughs.“You worked so hard today,” he says. His fingertip traces the bridge of Taehyung’s nose in an almost playful manner. “Eat well. You’ve earned it.”Namjoon clenches his fists and imagines cutting off those hands.After supper, the witch sits spinning thread before the fire, except it isn’t hemp or flax he pulls apart but the tendons and sinews of dried beast carcasses. Dead cats and foxes pile the table on which they just ate and the brothers look away in disgust. White-gold thread emerges from the bobbin, smelling of bones. At his beck, Taehyung sits stiff against the witch’s knee to wind the glittering strands around a spindle. The work goes long into the night, so that stars emerge in the window, and the moon rises. Finally, Namjoon pretends to be asleep while the witch whispers to Taehyung for some time before retiring upstairs. Taehyung prods the still-hot coals with a poker and waits.One, two, three. Breathe. One, two, three.Then he shuffles over to the bed, kneels, and presses his mouth beside Namjoon’s ear.“I’m ready.”Namjoon opens his eyes.“Let’s go.”The brothers attempt escape. Clutching one another’s hands in the dark, they flee through the trees in desperate search for the forest’s edge. The laughing white pebbles have disappeared. The trees creak and groan as if in anger. For hours upon hours they wander, until Taehyung is stumbling with exhaustion and Namjoon’s threaded-up heart feels fit to burst. But the forest spins them — around and around — and refuses to let them leave.That’s when the witch finds them.By day he is lovely. But at night. Oh, at night.His ethereal beauty becomes terrible, pale and spidery and monstrous — and when enraged, the witch proves a terrible, monstrous thing indeed.“You will not steal from me again, thief!” he shrieks such that Namjoon’s very bones resound, and the boy grabs his chest and screams and  screams  as the threads in his heart begin to unravel. Taehyung flings himself at the witch’s feet begging for his brother’s life in a high, desperate keen. The towering creature turns on him, then, and crushes his wrists into an icy grip. Then they’re dragged back, back, back to that accursed house, where the witch abandons Namjoon to writhe on the stones of the hearth and hauls Taehyung kicking and crying upstairs. Namjoon tries to plead, but the door slams and the entire house trembles in response.Then there’s nothing but dust and silence and  painpainpain.An eternity must go by before the spine-rending agony eases. The door at the top of the staircase opens for a white-faced Taehyung to stagger down. The witch follows close behind. It’s well into the day, which means he is soft and sweet once more.“Don’t do that again,” he warns a numb, sweat-soaked Namjoon. “I won’t be so lenient next time.”Taehyung is quiet. He quivers all over and flinches when the witch passes to head back upstairs. Rough, raw scrapes on his hands ooze blood, and when Namjoon manages to catch enough breath to ask what happened, he doesn’t say a word.“Up,” he does eventually speak, albeit in the tiniest voice Namjoon has heard from him, ever. “Upstairs. There are rooms. A lot of them. He made me clean them.”“That’s it? He didn’t…do anything to you?”Taehyung shakes his head. He babbles, “He made me clean them. There were so many, so many rooms. He held my arm so I couldn’t get lost, because the hallway wouldn’t end and there were  so many rooms. One was filled with books, and one with jars, and one with these s-statues that looked like people who’d been turned to stone, and some didn’t have eyes or ears or legs or arms and I had to clean them all even though I begged him to let me back down, and then there was— there was a room with a coffin, a coffin, and I had to polish it, he made me, but there was someone  inside of it  and they kept screaming and screaming  for me to let them out and I couldn’t — c-couldn’t d-do it, I just wanted to get out, I wanted you, I wanted to go home,  I want to go home, please please please—”“Taehyung! Taehyung, snap out of it!”Taehyung stops. Blinks. Hiccups and lets Namjoon hold him tight. He whispers, “I don’t… I don’t want to go up there again. Namjoon, don’t let him make me go up there again.”“I won’t. Oh, fuck, Tae, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”“Don’t let him,” Taehyung wheezes and clings to his brother. “Don’t let him, Namjoon, please, don’t let him, don’t let him.”They never try to run again.“Your hair,” says the witch, “is such a pretty color, Taehyung.”Taehyung’s lungs seize, as they do whenever the witch’s lips shape his name, but he forces himself to lie pliant and immobile. The witch hums, and too-long fingers tug lightly as they weave a circle of white stones into his hair. His breath tickles the boy’s cheek when he leans forward and Taehyung crushes down a surge of fear at the proximity. Hastily he whispers, “You’re too nice to me.”The witch chuckles and murmurs, “I do believe I need to spin a new spool of this color. Would you be kind enough to help me when I do? I’ll bake you a pie, whatever flavor you want.”“‘Kay,” he says. Right away he feels those fingers vanish from his scalp, only to reappear as they caress a line from cheekbone to jaw.“Sweet boy,” breathes the witch. He beams, radiant and beautiful here in the garden save for those black-oil eyes. The stones in Taehyung’s hair rest cold against his temples. His heart flutters an anxious beat when the witch brushes his nose, his mouth, but nonetheless Taehyung keeps still and allows a hand with too many joints to trace the veins along his throat. Under his breath, the witch begins to sing.Almost a week has passed since…  since, and Taehyung has taken to going quiet and skittish whenever the witch is around. He hates himself for this fearful obedience, but his brother is bedridden and vulnerable to a witch’s threats — and furthermore, the nightmares are more than enough to warn him of misbehavior’s consequences. Thus willing to behave, Taehyung throws himself into the chores. He mixes and arranges herbs, sweeps, scrubs, washes, dusts, cleans, tends the garden, tends to his brother’s needs, and helps around the kitchen making tea and sweets. Calluses and work-blisters form on his fingers; muscles throb with a deep and constant ache. The smell of baking bread dizzies him with homesickness. The witch watches as he stirs yeast and flour into vats of pale dough. A stone well nestles behind the house from which he fetches water, along with a massive kiln where all the loaves and layered cakes are placed in alcoves to bake. Taehyung doesn’t doubt that someday he’ll be cooked in there, too.Yet the witch treats him with something very near to kindness. He talks to Taehyung while they work. Treats him to bits of chocolate and fruit, toffee and marzipan. And he often touches Taehyung’s face and hair, who, not knowing what else to do, accepts the attention in nervous silence. He turns away the moment the witch looks elsewhere.Occasionally, he’s called outside. The witch sits cross-legged in the flowers, pats his thigh for Taehyung to lay his head. It’s in these moments, with the witch singing to him in dulcet tones, that Taehyung can close his eyes and imagine he is happy.(“He’s not cruel,” Taehyung whispers to Namjoon when they tuck against one another at night, but that makes the older boy frown and he understands why. Because if not cruelty, then it’s true affection — and everyone knows a witch’s affection only leads to death.)“Witch,” he blurts out and stops the touch dead in the hollow between his collarbones. He focuses on the blue sky above but nonetheless feels those oil-eyes bore into his skull. Taehyung inhales and forces out, “Can I ask you a question?”A beat. Then a chuckle. Fingers slide up his trachea.“That depends very much on what about.”Taehyung swallows. Those first few days, while Namjoon was unconscious, he’d tried to wheedle from the witch his name but the less-than-subtle attempts ended after he’d annoyed the creature enough to backhand him. So he hurries to say, “It’s not that.”“Hmm.” The witch smiles, sweet and curious. “Well then.”“I was wondering…” Taehyung begins, then blushes and fumbles. “Um, I was just, I wanted to… I mean.  Areyouafaerie?”The witch’s eyebrows shoot into his hairline before he erupts into squeaky peals of laughter. He pats Taehyung’s face and grins fondly. “No, not a faerie. Sorry.”“Oh. Then are you…a person…? A human?”The smile broadens. “I’m not human, either. Why do you ask?”“No reason… I was just wondering.”Well, that, and Taehyung is undercover in search for potential weaknesses as there are ways to defeat both faeries and humans. Faeries are susceptible to salt and cold iron, while people can just be walloped over the head real hard. But if the witch is neither… Taehyung slumps his shoulders. The witch snickers at his crestfallen face and tangles his fingers into red, red hair.“No,” he says. “I know why you’re asking.”Taehyung thinks his whole ribcage collapses inward. His heart stops, then restarts at ten times its normal speed as he stammers, “I, no, I-I just—”“You’re curious,” the witch continues, “about my magic, aren’t you?”His eyes crinkle and Taehyung sends up fervent thanks to whoever’s watching over him.“Yeah. Yeah, I wanted to…know more about that.”“Ah, well, there’s no harm in mere curiosity. Here, come into the house. I’ll show you.”Gently, the witch shifts his head off to stand, then pulls Taehyung up after him. Despite himself, the boy can’t resist the rapt interest that arises as they walk hand-in-hand into the house. The witch has magic, that’s a fact — but he’s never actually  shown  much of it. Only bits and pieces: fires lit without flint, chalk runes quickly rubbed out, piles of teensy rodent skulls that Taehyung has to sort — and every so often, more thread, spun from the bones and tendons of dead animals. So it’d be a lie to say Taehyung has never wondered what more the witch is capable of.A snore rattles the quiet then, and Taehyung glances sideways to find Namjoon fast asleep. The older boy splays out over the bed, limbs akimbo, shirt loose over the zig-zag scar. Taehyung smiles, feels his heart soften and warm. His attention snaps back, however, when the witch lets go of his hand to brush spidery fingers over the spinning wheel. Taehyung gnaws his lip at that. The wheel has never given him a very good feeling.“Taehyung,” the witch says quietly. “Do you like gingerbread?”The unexpected question takes him aback. He says, “Um. Yes?”The witch turns, smiles, and goes to fetch a glass jar. He opens it and hands Taehyung a square of fragrant golden gingerbread. “Have one. Help yourself,” he says in the saccharine way that seems reserved for the boy. “I always make too much to eat on my own.”The cookie smells absolutely delectable and cold sweat breaks out across Taehyung’s nape. Because he can’t check it for magic, not here, not while the witch is watching, those eyes cleaved to his skin. So he pastes on a guileless grin and shakes his head.“I couldn’t,” he tries. “You, you already give me so much all the time. It’s not…”Those eyes shift — and horror bursts through Taehyung’s blood strong enough to spur him to immediately lean forward and crunch the cookie between numb teeth. Hints of ginger, honey, and orange zest crumble across his tongue and straightaway the witch relaxes, his face beautiful once more.“Good, isn’t it? Now, tell me…” The glass lid pops back on, and the witch turns his back to Taehyung to put it away. He closes the cupboard with a slow, slow hand. “Have you ever heard of a story where a girl spins straw into gold?”The cookie  is  good.  Really good. Taehyung tentatively takes the rest from the witch’s hand and nibbles on the corner. A pleasant tingly sensation spreads tendrils from his belly into his chest.“Mmhm, I know that one. But she couldn’t really, so a faerie helped her out instead.”“Ah, that’s right. But I, dear thing, can do all that faerie could, and more.”Taehyung pauses mid-chew to blink. The table, which had been cluttered as always with herbs and bowls and candles, has cleared for a row of wooden spools. And he’s seated in a chair. And so’s the witch. Huh. When did that happen?“First, this is ordinary thread.” A spool slips into his non-cookie hand, and he looks down to see fine white thread wrapped thick around the cedar cylinder. “Made the same way humans make it, from hemp and flax and wool. I weave it for clothing, use it to sew and mend. A witch I may be, but believe me when I say I’m no stranger to mundane labor, Taehyungie.”“I believe you,” he hears himself say, and the witch gives him a tenderhearted look. The white spool slides out of his hand then, to be replaced by one of yellow. Except when Taehyung lifts it for a better look, he’s stunned to find that the tiny thing is incredibly heavy, and the tangled strands of thread are thick-wound and glittering.“Now this,” says the witch’s voice, “is pure gold. Woven from straw, just like in your stories, but I can draw it in purer form from other things as well.”“Whoa,” Taehyung breathes. “It’s beautiful.” The threads sit in his palm shining and delicate, and dreamily he imagines how he and Namjoon would live like kings on the shore if only they have this to sell. From somewhere far off, the witch giggles.“If you think that is beautiful, take a look at this one.”This time it’s a spool of thread so impossibly blue, Taehyung stares for several minutes unconvinced that he’s not actually looking upon a piece of the sky. He pops the half-eaten cookie into his mouth to free both hands, unwinding a strand of brightest blue around his forefinger. It shimmers like a shred of water and he moves it back and forth, utterly entranced. The witch watches him intently.“What do you spin this from?” Taehyung asks. The witch smiles at that.“Irises.”“Oh, like the flower? That’s pretty.”“No,” the witch says, calm. “From eyes, Taehyung.”The words don’t quite register for some time. Then, slowly, Taehyung raises his head. His voice comes out hushed as he says, “What…?”“I spin it from blue eyes,” the witch replies. He reaches out to pluck the thread, pulling it taut round Taehyung’s finger until it gleams under the light like a tear. “Faeries visit me, did you know that? They like my garden, my sweets even more. But above all else, Taehyungie, they love my threadwork. Oh, you should see the tiny little clothes they weave from my spinning, the handsomest vests and jackets and skirts. This one is the most popular, however, along with my bone-thread, so they bring me ingredients to exchange. Though they do tend towards children with blue eyes…an unfortunate preference, you see, when I may be in need of others.”Taehyung opens his mouth. Closes it again. The witch loosens the thread and takes the spool from his trembling hand. Roots around, then hands over another. The spool is squat and flat black — black as his own hideous gaze.“Stolen shadows. You can pull them apart with your fingers, if you know how. The people they once belonged to will never grow old.”One after another after another: green, brown, gray, purple, orange, pink. Taehyung is rooted to his chair, unable to move or make a sound as the witch guides him through every color. The spools are cold in his hands. Bile swells in his throat, only to be trapped there by the sticky sugar on his tongue. His heart races as if about to leap from his ribs and he stares towards Namjoon’s still form, willing him to wake up. Why, why,  why won’t he wake up?  Maybe there’s something wrong with him,  Taehyung thinks then. The thought lances him through: that he is truly alone in this.A single spool is left on the table. It has no thread, however, and the witch pauses. Stares at him. Smiles with such a knife-sharp edge that it shoves deep into Taehyung’s chest, puncturing his lungs, cutting the tightness around his diaphragm so that he gasps for air. Salt clogs his nose, and he realizes with a jerk that he’s been sobbing silently this whole time.“Now it’s my turn for a question. In exchange for all these secrets, yes?” the witch says, voice low, so low. Goosebumps prickle down Taehyung’s arms when those tarred eyes cloy to his face. He can feel their gaze drip, slick and greasy against his skin, tainting him everywhere. “Taehyungie. Do you like me?”Taehyung wheezes. Shakes. He says, “I…I don’t…”The witch reaches forward and runs a thumb into the corner of his mouth. The touch burns.“Because I like you,” he whispers, “and it’d be so nice if you stayed. I haven’t had anyone live with me for a long time. I’ll take good care of you here, Taehyung. I’ll keep you safe, keep you clothed and fed and happy. You’d want for nothing here in my forest, in my house.”He lifts his hands and cups them before his mouth. Taehyung stares as the witch breathes gentle into his palms, then holds them out to reveal a pretty butterfly that flaps dainty red wings. It’s so small within those bone-white hands, yet the witch’s fingers cup the creature like a precious thing and he whispers, “So if I gave you the freedom to choose, Taehyung, would you like to stay with me?”Taehyung feels his mouth unlock, and suddenly he can breathe easier, whatever spell has hold of him freeing him to answer. He recognizes the sickly-sweetness behind his tongue for what it truly is now: the witch’s magic, imbued into the gingerbread, seeping hot and livid along his veins. His head wobbles on his neck; Taehyung sees the world dim and brighten in wild intervals. The oval of the witch’s face is the only place that doesn’t blur. He knows the correct answer:  Yes, he’s tempted to say, if only to rid himself of the fog inside his brain.  I will stay with you. Yes. But he thinks of Namjoon — of blood and knives, and thread spun from peeled blue irises — and even the butterfly is false and glazed with sugar. Taehyung bites his teeth together and screws his eyes shut. It takes all his strength to spit out, “Go to hell.”The magic crushes him alive. He crumples, falling to the floor with a  thud  that jars his bones until they won’t stop shaking. The sweetness in his throat closes around the scream clawing to escape. Taehyung stares at Namjoon’s motionless figure in bed (wakeupwakeupwakeupwakeup) as disjointed hands touch his face and butterfly wings become the curved handles of scissors, wicked sharp and wicked scarlet. His hair trembles beneath the witch’s sigh.“Such a pity, then,” he says, “that you have no choice after all.”Taehyung gurgles past the sugar in his throat. Opens his mouth to call out Namjoon’s name. The witch strokes his cheek.“Shhhh, hush,” he says, and the magic in Taehyung hums. “Sleep now, Taehyungie, and forget. Forget your brother. Forget where you are. Forget. Forget.”Blades against his chest.“This won’t hurt long.” (The witch is not a faerie.) (Faeries cannot lie.) Namjoon knows something is wrong the moment he opens his eyes.The witch towers over him, one hand on his shoulder, and Namjoon registers the honey-sweetness in his mouth right after. He grunts and cringes away from the creature; his head lolls heavier than a rock across the pillow.“Thief,” whispers the witch, voice creeping along the walls like ivy. “Wake up. You’ve been asleep the whole day.” I have?  Namjoon frowns. He shifts to sit up, and the movement shoots a stinging pang through the zig-zag scar on his chest. A memory ignites upon the sensation: similar agony, fidgeting and fighting not to grimace, and the witch taking notice. He’d poured dark tea into a cup that he handed to Namjoon, gently remarking  For the pain. Then he smiled, and turned away, and Namjoon all but chugged it down after scribbling a hasty checking-circle into the bottom.And after that…nothing.Namjoon bursts into lucidity and howls a silent curse. Stupid!  Stupid!  Of all the things he’d been so careful to do, he never thought to check their food for  drugs! “Taehyung,” he croaks immediately. “Where’s…”“He’s right here.”The witch smiles (Namjoon wants to rip those smiles off his fucking face) and gestures towards the table where Taehyung sits. Namjoon stares. Taehyung is motionless, head bowed, fingernails scratching listlessly at the bottom of his seat. He won’t look at Namjoon.“What did you do to him?” Namjoon hisses, forcing his reeling body to sit up. The witch peers down at him and both eyes seep black tar. Blunt teeth gleam in the dimness.“Nothing at all,” he says. “He’s perfectly fine. Aren’t you, Taehyungie?”Taehyung lifts his head and his gaze skitters across the floor like a frightened animal. His eyes are swollen and bloodshot, face pale. The boy just barely nods in response. Namjoon mashes his lips together into a slashed white line.“Come, my thief.” A corpse-colored hand curls around Namjoon’s cheek and lifts his head, so that he and the witch are almost nose-to-nose. “It is time for dinner.”Evening meals in the house are a quiet affair. They tend to be, of course, but tonight especially so. Maybe because Taehyung doesn’t try to instigate conversation like usual, but rather keeps his head down and picks at his food, gnawing on his lower lip. Or maybe because the witch doesn’t eat at all; instead, he sits and winds thread, around and around a spool the length of Namjoon’s thumb bone. The thread is brightest crimson, spun the harsh shade of Taehyung’s hair. It pools dark against the witch’s skin like a gash and Namjoon’s stomach turns at the sight of it.(Do witches even bleed?)For dessert, the witch has baked a pie. He cuts Taehyung a generous slice, presses his lips to the boy’s temple and whispers something Namjoon can’t hear. Then he disappears upstairs, and Namjoon snatches forward to grab Taehyung’s hand and whisper-shout, “Tae, did anything happen to you? The bastard put valerian root in my tea. Are you all right?”Taehyung doesn’t move. Doesn’t speak. A blank stare levels at the slice of pie on his plate, which exudes the delicate fragrance of chocolate and butterscotch. His fingers rest limp in Namjoon’s grasp so the older boy lets go to grab Taehyung’s face instead, forcing his brother to stare at him.“Taehyung, for fuck’s sake,  talk to me!”The boy starts. His eyes widen and he focuses onto Namjoon’s face as if only now realizing his big brother’s presence. A strangled noise escapes him, and he begins to tremble. “He…” Taehyung gasps. “I… Yeah. I-I’m fine, fine.”“You don’t look fine,” Namjoon retorts. “What did he say to you?” Taehyung flinches but shakes his head. He grips Namjoon’s wrists and casts a nervous glance at the staircase before lowering his voice to a hoarse whisper. His words come rushed and frantic.“He just said t-thanks, for helping him earlier. And I remember he…the witch told me he’d, he’d bake a pie for me if I would. But…” Fear slithers into Taehyung’s eyes like fingers. “I don’t…know what it was. What he wanted me to do. I can’t remember. I’ve been trying to, all night, but I can’t, I  can’t remember.”“Shit,” Namjoon says, heart racing. “Shit, Taehyung, he must’ve magicked you. No, no, look, listen. Listen to me. I’m getting better, okay? I’m healing, and getting stronger, and fuck all if I’m going to let him catch you alone again. You’re all right, you’re safe with me. I won’t let him hurt you, Tae.”Taehyung is staring at him with no expression save for the wild storm in his eyes. Tears well along his lashes, dark with sinking despair. “Namjoon,” he says in a small and quavery voice, and Namjoon sucks in a sharp breath because it’s been so, so long since he’s heard his name spoken aloud. “I’m scared. I really am. I’m s-sorry, because I want to be brave, I do, but I’m  not. I’m just…scared…of him, and what it is he wants to do to us. Last night, I — I had a dream that he… He took you outside, to the ovens, and h-he…”“Oh, Tae. Tae.” Namjoon pulls him closer and knocks their foreheads together. Wraps his pinky around Taehyung’s, fierce and determined. “I’m scared, too, but we’re gonna get through this. Remember what I promised, Taehyung. We’re gonna be okay.”But Taehyung closes his eyes and doesn’t say anything.Time is strange in the witch’s house. Every day passes slowly, and Namjoon scratches lines into the bedframe to keep track. As another week goes by, his zig-zag scar heals from a raised, red welt into a mere ridge of pink tissue. Crimson thread sits heavy within Namjoon’s ribs, soaking in his blood, throbbing with restlessness. Just as he’d said, he gets stronger: enough to walk back and forth, out from the house to the gated stone wall. Beyond the iron bars, towering myriad trees rustle and leer. The canopy of leaves overhead susurrates with mocking laughter. Namjoon blocks his ears against their taunts and wonders if he’s gone insane.Seeing him by the gate (or hearing the trees?), the witch sets him to simple tasks alongside Taehyung, who is more than happy for the help. So Namjoon sits thigh-to-thigh with his younger brother, helps him shave lemon peel into a batch of cookie dough and roll caramels into squares of wax paper. The younger boy pops a piece into his mouth when safe, eliciting a snort from Namjoon. If anything good has come of all this, it’s that Taehyung has lost his frightening thinness. Round cheeks flush, filled out with better food and constant exertion — to say nothing of all the sweets. Namjoon smiles and shakes his head when Taehyung offers him one as well.(The smell of sugar repulses him now. It clings to their clothes, sticks in their hair, and won’t wash away. Red thread drips honey over his heart, and Namjoon dreams about insects crawling into his eyes and ears to get at it.)It’s always at night when the truth hits him, harsh and sneering. Taehyung gets nightmares; Namjoon knows firsthand that his brother started having them frequently after being sent upstairs. He’ll scream himself awake from the worst of them and jostle Namjoon from slumber as well. Then Namjoon will wrap himself around Taehyung’s shaking form, murmuring soothingly, running fingers through his sweaty hair. Most of the time this is enough to lull the younger boy back to sleep. Marking the end of another restless night.However, the nightmares have worsened since that uneasy dinner. Even long after he awakes Taehyung whimpers, pleads, and shrieks as though being torn limb from limb. Tonight he thrashes and gasps for air like a drowned man, hands flailing against the covers to shove them away. Namjoon’s attempts to console him have no effect whatsoever.“It hurts! No, no, it hurts!” he shrills. “Please, stop,  stop,  stopstopstop!”“Taehyung, it’s me. It’s your brother!” Namjoon curses and grabs the boy’s hands when he tries to claw his own throat. His vision blurs hot and damp. Fuck — no, Namjoon can’t, he  can’t  cry right now. Not now. “Look at me, Tae, you know me! It’s Joonie, Joonie’s here, baby, you’re okay, we’re okay, you’re…”(But like witches, Namjoon can lie.)(Nothing is ever going to be okay again.)“Give him to me.”He starts. Raises wide eyes to the witch. The white-faced creature stands mere feet from the heather bed; Namjoon hadn’t heard even the softest sound of approach. Upon the slight echo of the witch’s voice, Taehyung flinches violently, lets out a wavering keen as he tucks both hands over his face. Namjoon clenches his jaw and hurls out, “Fuck off,  witch.”The witch’s eyes hollow. His teeth are the white of maggots. He holds out his triple-jointed hands and says, “I’m not going to hurt him. Give him here, or else let him suffer his horrors alone. Your choice, thief.”Taehyung convulses underneath him and Namjoon bites his teeth together until they creak painfully. He has already given away Taehyung’s name, has already forced the boy to offer himself to the witch in exchange for his restored life. But to hand his little brother over to the witch’s waiting arms,  willingly…No. Namjoon doesn’t think he imagines the sense of finality in that.But.
 But. 
An inhuman wail seeps from Taehyung’s throat, and Namjoon’s resolve crumbles as he hangs his head. His voice cracks on the word, “Fine.”A smile blooms across the witch’s face.Very, very careful is the manner with which he pries a moaning Taehyung from Namjoon’s rigid grasp. Then Namjoon can only watch as the creature cradles Taehyung against his chest, sings for him a lullaby. By all logic, there’s no reason the struggling, full-grown boy ought to fit in the witch’s arms, as the latter’s only the size of any ordinary man. Yet somehow he does, and little by little, Taehyung falls quiet and goes limp. Dull eyes flicker without sight; he sniffles, tears streaked down his face. Drops of blood drip from his bitten lips and the witch thumbs them away gently.“There we are,” he whispers. “Isn’t that better? Yes, shhh, you’re safe…” He hums, brushes out Taehyung’s blood-bright hair and Namjoon bites his tongue to curb the fury building inside.(He’s always touching Taehyung’s hair.)“C…C-Cold…”“Oh, dear thing. Sit, sit.”The witch lowers Taehyung into a chair before the fire, and when he moves away to pour the boy a hot drink, Namjoon runs to his brother’s side. Taehyung shakes and shivers such that Namjoon can hear his teeth chattering, and when he laces their fingers together the younger boy’s skin feels colder than ice. But Taehyung’s gaze remains glazed and distant even as it fixes on his face.“Veins,” he rasps.“Taehyung?”“He pulled out my veins. Out, he pulled them out.” Taehyung paws at his chest with stiff hands. “Like that. Like that.”“Move,” comes the witch’s voice. Triple-jointed fingers tip the rim of a cup against Taehyung’s mouth. Namjoon tenses and starts to say something but (too late) the younger boy stirs and gulps twice. He chokes, coughs, and boiled milk dribbles down his chin as the cup is pulled away. Namjoon wipes his face clean and this time, something more wakeful flares along Taehyung’s features when he looks up.“Here, Taehyungie. Eat this.”Behind the scent of warm milk wafts a spicy fragrance: honey and orange zest and ginger. Taehyung shudders and turns away from the biscuit held to his lips. However, the witch reaches out to turn his chin back, whereupon Taehyung whines and opts to clamp his jaw shut in a show of abrupt stubbornness. An inappropriate amount of pride flares inside Namjoon at that.“Dun’ want it.”“It’s just to help you sleep,” cajoles the witch. “I’m not going to poison you, silly. Trust me.”Taehyung shakes and shakes his head, holds onto Namjoon’s hand like a lifeline. He speaks in a rush, voice strained and harsh. “I don’t believe you. You’re a liar, you lie, you  lie—”“That’s quite enough,” and now there’s a dangerous edge to the witch’s voice that has Namjoon bristling and sidling closer to his brother. “Be good now, Taehyung, and do what I say.”“Did you not hear him? He says he doesn’t want it.”The witch wheels on Namjoon so suddenly, his smile doesn’t even drop. Rather, his bared teeth morph from benevolence to a hideous snarl and he spits out, “Was I speaking to you?” At once, Namjoon feels his legs give, and he is so grateful that he’s already sitting because he would’ve surely fallen otherwise. Nevertheless, he’s darkly satisfied when he manages to keep his glower steady. Blacker-than-black eyes flash at this gesture of defiance, and with a hiss, the witch begins to draw himself up to full height—“Don’t! Don’t fight!” Taehyung worms between Namjoon and the witch’s tar-eyed glare. Panic pinpricks in his own dazed eyes and he worries at Namjoon’s shirt collar with one hand. “Don’t fight, please, don’t hurt him… Don’t be angry, witch.”“I’m not angry, baby,” says the witch, bone-white face already back to being soft and amicable. He extends the gingerbread biscuit again, and pitch eyes scrunch into crescents when this time Taehyung takes the biscuit between his lips, chews it, and swallows. “There now,” he murmurs, and bends to peck the boy’s forehead. “Was that so difficult?”“No,” Taehyung replies — or at least, Namjoon thinks he did. He’s startled when it emerges more of a garbled, “Nuhh…” Taehyung’s already-disoriented eyes glaze over into unnatural exhaustion and he slumps against the witch’s stomach. The creature laughs, places both hands on his back and coos at him. Then, with still-disturbing ease, he lifts Taehyung into his arms (wrenching his hand from Namjoon’s none-too-gently) and carries him back to bed.Namjoon watches in stunned silence. His sewn-up heart thunders so hard that his ribs go sore. He holds his chest and nurses the hatred seething there.“He’s wrong, you know,” he can’t stop himself from saying. “You  are  cruel.”Tar-eyes drag slowly from the unconscious boy to him. The witch’s lips furl into a derisive grin.“Cruel?” he echoes. “Cruelty is for humans, for faeries who have nothing better to do with their time.  I, dear thief, am merely a witch.”“Why are you doing this?” Namjoon demands as the witch leans down to tuck the blankets around Taehyung. “What are you trying to do to him? Dammit, what do you want from us?”“He made a deal and now must honor his word. It’s always been as simple as that.”“I stole from you,” Namjoon tosses out. “I’ve already made two deals with you. Let Taehyung go and take me instead.”Amusement ignites the witch’s eyes and he lets out a high-pitched laugh. It’s the one that squeaks, the one that made Taehyung snort when he first heard it and then freak out that he’d be eviscerated for laughing at the witch. “Oh,  oh, that’s funny. You actually think that you have anything of greater worth to me than your little brother!”Namjoon holds himself rigid to keep from shrieking. “You scare him,” he grits out, and the witch’s eyes curl over his smile.“It is wise to fear me.”“What the fuck do you  want from him?!”The smile vanishes. The witch steps towards him. “Watch your tongue,  boy,” he says and it comes out a low rumble. “You were the one who came in the dead of the night, prowling like a rat to take what wasn’t yours to take. You bargained for my garden, my herbs, my  magic. Then you fed it to him, thief, thief and fool, so much so that now it’s my magic that courses through his blood and eyes and bones  which means that HE BELONGS TO ME!!”The witch  roars  the last part — so much louder than Namjoon ever heard him speak these past few weeks that he flinches and fights back a whimper. But the witch’s fury cools just as fast as it blazed. Now a smile crawls across his too-beautiful face, slow and insidious.“Taehyung is mine,” he says in a low tone, “and no meager deal can match what he’s worth to me now. For all this time, did you never once wonder how it was that he woke up that night?”“I…” Namjoon goes cold at the memory: Taehyung’s throat cut, Taehyung struggling and gargling his own blood beside him. “W-What are you…”“A better question, then. Did you never wonder  why  he was killed in the first place?”The witch’s voice is soft. He sits on the edge of the heather mattress and strokes back Taehyung’s hair. Ruby strands gleam by the firelight.“Look at him. He’s no longer yours, thief, because more than just the color of his hair was changed by how much of my magic he’s consumed. Truth be told, I would’ve come for him whether he bargained himself away or not. Your village elders must’ve realized that, hence they tried to destroy him so as to discourage me, ward me off. A shame it did not work,” the witch sneers. He turns to Namjoon and his face is a porcelain mask of glee. “You wanted my magic to save him from death, my thief — and so it did. And so it will continue to do, long after you are dead, to the end of time and whatever lies beyond. A slit throat?  Ha!  You could dash his bones down to the marrow and still he’d live. You could take him apart piece by piece, and still he’d live. You could drain him of every last drop of blood to water my precious garden, and still. He’d. Live.”Namjoon can’t breathe. Can’t blink. The witch smiles smiles smiles  smiles smiles smiles—“You’re beginning to understand. Good. Of course, you could still cut out your eyes, cut out your tongue, and offer them up as penance. I’d take them all the same…but Taehyung wouldn’t go free. Ah — and now you’re thinking, then what about my teeth? My hair, my toes, my fingers? Why, yes, my dear thief, I’d take them too. But I wouldn’t give you back your brother. You could bargain every last bit of yourself for him and still Taehyung would be bound to me, because you can’t even begin to hope to match him in value.” He touches the exposed skin of Taehyung’s throat. “Enchanted blood is strongest of all, you see.”“Holy shit,” Namjoon chokes out. “Holy — Holy  fuck, you want my brother for…to f-fucking—”“I want him for resources,” the witch says, all matter-of-fact, “of which Taehyung has simply become a bottomless well.” He tilts his head then. Crinkles his eyes: warm and friendly. “But don’t worry. I do like him…and I’ve not forgotten how to be kind. Taehyung won’t even remember what happened to him after the fact, and it’s not as if his eyes or teeth or tongue will stay missing, either. He’ll be content and happy and none the wiser, while I get all the ingredients I could ever need.”“Fuck you!  Fuck you!” Namjoon roars, forgetting to be afraid in the explosion of his ire. “Pry him from my cold dead fingers, you damn monster! I’ll kill you before I let you lay another hand on him! I’ll kill you!”The witch laughs and laughs and  laughs, and the sound crawls over the walls and ceiling with skittery clawed legs. His eyes seep darkest black. It’s so cold.“The only thing that binds me from tearing out your still-beating heart is Taehyung’s deal,” he says, hissed and menacing. “But soon enough, he won’t remember that you even are his brother — and  then, my dear, stupid thief, we shall see about that.”The witch begins feeding Taehyung gingerbread nightly. True to his word, it staves off the nightmares, but Namjoon doesn’t fail to notice how Taehyung changes little by little despite the peaceful sleep. The way he blinks: sporadic. The way he breathes: shallow. How his fingers and legs twitch sometimes, and the way he doesn’t seem to notice. Namjoon yells and takes away the enchanted sweets at first. But the witch never retaliates — only ever smirks — and soon enough Namjoon realizes why. Without the magic in his system, Taehyung’s night terrors return tenfold so that even the trees outside echo his screams. He slams his head against the bedframe, delirious and desperate to rid himself of the things in his head until, in a panic, Namjoon shoves him facedown into the pillows and holds him there so that lack of air stops his thrashing.Morning greets them with purple bruises on Taehyung’s cheek, throat, and wrists. The guilt devours Namjoon alive. The scent of ginger and orange lingers on Taehyung’s breath, like a curse.Namjoon’s scar has become a jagged white line bisecting his chest. Now it hurts only when he presses on it hard, and he’s regained enough strength to take up tasks outside the house. Namjoon has to admit, he derives some comfort in the tasks of his old woodcutting job. Taehyung finds behind the house for him a rusty axe that he sharpens to perfection, and even the witch eyes him with something near approval when he brings in loads of fresh-cut firewood. It’s never for  him,  of course — since that night Namjoon has found the presence of the witch more unbearable than ever. He can’t stand being inside that house, either. He’d sleep outside in the fucking dirt if he could.But however more Namjoon grows to hate the house and its witch, things seem to be going the opposite for Taehyung. He unwinds. Unravels, like a spindle of loose thread. He follows after Namjoon still, but the older boy can tell that Taehyung’s fingers are slipping from his the longer they stay. Once, Namjoon finds him outside where the boy’s supposed to be fetching water for laundry. Except Taehyung stands stock-still right at the edge of a faerie-ring, mushrooms all snowy white. Bare feet buried in moss and dirt, hands curled against his chest. Eyes wide, too bright, staring blank and awed at empty air. Namjoon freezes, and Taehyung laughs long and delighted into the silence. Laughing at nothing — at something Namjoon can’t see. It’s a chilling sound.And several times, Namjoon wakes up to Taehyung sitting upright and motionless. In the darkness and dying firelight, his hair is the color of an old wound. His eyes are dull and shineless; Taehyung stares at him as though they are strangers.“Taehyung,” Namjoon whispers each time, voice cracking with fear. “Who am I? What’s my name? Tell me.”An agonizing length of time always passes before Taehyung says in a deep, detached voice, “Brother. Big brother. Namjoon.”His relief is never long-lived.The witch leaves today. He’s left them only once before: the day after their attempted escape, when Namjoon was in too much pain and Taehyung too scared to try anything. Namjoon doesn’t know where he goes, or what he does on these rare excursions — but nonetheless, the witch dons a hooded cloak and makes off into the forest, a wicker basket hooked over one elbow. Before he leaves, however, he locks the gate and loops a silver chain around the bars to keep them inside. And before that, he corners Namjoon and forces the boy to look him in that hideously flawless face. Gooseflesh erupts down Namjoon’s back at their proximity. He smells sugar melted into that fetid breath.(Outside the ever-blooming garden, the trees are green with new leaves. Summer has come. Have they been here so long?)“If you try to break this lock,” whispers the witch, “I promise you that nightmares will be the least of your brother’s worries.”Namjoon believes him.Still, that doesn’t mean he’ll sit around twiddling his thumbs all the livelong day. So the moment the witch disappears into the green shadows of the forest, Namjoon leaps to his feet. He scours the grounds, seeking along the gate and stone walls for a way out. Taehyung trails behind him, eyes dim, face blank. He looks as lost and aimless as a wandering ghost, and pity for his little brother surges within Namjoon’s chest. So he takes the boy’s hand and tells him stories, anecdotes from their childhood as they walk. Taehyung shows no reaction, much to Namjoon’s disappointment. But at least he seems to be paying attention. Namjoon will take that over the blank stare affixed on things unseen any day.“Hello? Hello, is anyone there?”The very sky freezes and Namjoon whirls around. Taehyung goes immobile beside him. The voice comes again: hearty and resonant.“Ho, is anybody here? My horse and I are looking for a little water, if you’d be so good as to spare some!”The earth comes swooping up to Namjoon’s face, and he realizes belatedly that it’s because he dashed forward so fast, his foot caught on a clod of weeds and caused him to trip and fall badly. His cheek bashes against the grassy earth but he doesn’t care, because there’s someone here. Another voice is shouting now, and Namjoon recognizes with a jolt that it’s his own.“We’re here! We’re here! Help us!”His body crashes against the bars of the gate and a man jumps on the other side. Namjoon registers brown hair, a moss-green cape and the silhouette of a saddled horse. The man booms, “What on earth, boy, you startled me! Whatever is a young man like you doing out here?”Namjoon’s chest is heaving, heart racing as though to tear open the near-healed threads. “Sir, please,” he begs. “We need you. You have to help us.”The man’s face goes tense and he considers Namjoon with a warier look this time. Slowly, he says, “Why? What’s wrong, and who are you?”“I’m Nam— Namjoon. We’re trapped, my brother and me. This is a witch’s house,” Namjoon explains in a wild rush. “He put spells on my little brother and we have to get out of here, I’m  begging you.”“A witch’s— Are you serious?” Fear flickers across the huntsman’s face and Namjoon feels every bit of heat rush from his body with his desperation. “But I thought… Dear spirits, no, I fucking knew this forest felt wrong. Even that stag looked… No, then I’ve stayed here too long, I must leave!”“Wait!  Just wait a minute!” Namjoon shouts, gripping the bars as if caged. Taehyung hovers by his elbow and the hunter pauses mid-mount. Namjoon hastens to say, “Take— Take my brother with you. He can’t stay here! He’s light, he, fucking,  please, you have to take him!”“What?” cries the huntsman. “Forget it! I don’t know who or what you really are, but I’m not fool enough to try to cross a bloody witch. Find someone else!”“There is no one else!” Namjoon bellows. “If you have any fucking shred of goodness in you, then take my brother and  get him out of this place!”The huntsman sputters, flicks a hasty gaze between Namjoon and the silent, red-haired boy behind him. Namjoon can all but see the cogs turning in his head. Finally, the man swears and spits onto the ground, grinding his teeth.“Hurry up and boost him over. I’ll catch him on my horse.” The huntsman pulls himself into the saddle and glares at Namjoon. “I’m not risking my life and limb for a child,” he warns, a note of fear embedded in his voice. “If the witch comes after me, I am gone. Clear?”“As fucking crystal,” Namjoon snaps. But his gaze softens as he turns to Taehyung, and the boy looks back with no expression. Namjoon pulls him towards the wall and takes a deep breath. “Taehyung,” he says. “Do you remember how you used to watch me and the other boys collect apples, the ones that we couldn’t reach? I need you to copy us now, okay?”“Why?” Taehyung whispers even as he steps close. Namjoon manages a wan smile and wraps an arm around his neck. He presses his forehead against the younger boy’s, brown hair tangling with red.“Because you’re going home, Tae. Do you understand? You’re going home.”Taehyung furrows his brow but simply murmurs, “Home,” under his breath as Namjoon lets go. When the older boy interlocks his fingers, Taehyung just stares a moment longer before stepping onto Namjoon’s palms, who hoists him over the stone wall. Namjoon’s heart is in his mouth:  hurry hurry hurry. He hears the scrape of Taehyung’s hands, shoeless feet, on the granite before hooves pound and the huntsman curses, “Shit, wait—”Namjoon hears Taehyung hit the ground on the other side with a sharp  thud. He winces, the horse squeals and he hurries to the gate bars where he sees Taehyung scrambling to get up. The boy freezes when the hunter spurs his steed closer and reaches down a hand, face grim and nervous. “I’ve overstayed my welcome in this forest, I just know it. Stop dallying and get on already, boy! Now!”But Taehyung flinches away. He presses up against the wall and Namjoon is struck by the horror on his face. Taehyung wheezes and gives his head a frantic shake. “Horses,” he gasps. “Hunters. No. No. Stay away, stay away from me.”“Boy!” shouts the hunter. “What are you babbling about? Hurry up!”With that, he leans down to seize Taehyung by the arms, but then everyone present lurches in shock at the raw, incoherent shriek that rips from the boy’s throat. Dark-rimmed eyes go huge and he howls, “No! Don’t touch me, don’t, stay away!” Taehyung tries to wrench away, pushes at the huntsman’s face with animalistic panic and enough force that the man is shoved from atop his mare into a hard fall. He curses and grabs after Taehyung, whose wails increase as the stranger yanks his ankle so that when he tries to run, he trips and hits the ground again, harder this time, and Namjoon shouts from the other side of the gate because shit shit shit, he should’ve  known! “Taehyung, it’s okay, it’s  okay, he’s not here to hurt you! Listen to me, fuck —  Taehyung!”“Please please please!” Taehyung shrinks into himself and grabs his throat. “I don’t want to die! It hurt, it hurt, I don’t want to die!”“Shut up, kid, shut up!” hisses the hunter in the meantime. His face contorts in alarm and he keeps glancing at the forest nervously. “We’ll both be dead if your witch hears you! Fucking get on the horse or I’m leaving you behind, you hear me?!”“Taehyung!”“Stop it! STOP!”Chaos. It’s chaos. The huntsman curses and wrenches Taehyung’s swinging arms behind his back, wringing from the boy a strangled cry of pain. A loop of twine yanked from his belt then binds the boy’s hands, but this only serves to terrify Taehyung further. He thrashes, digs his heels into the dirt. A cacophony of noise, of panic, of hysterical cries cut off by an airless gasp when the hunter punches him across the face and Namjoon exclaims irate at that and Taehyung goes insane when the man pulls out a dagger to cut the hem of his shirt for a gag and—Then.The trees.Go quiet.For just a moment.So that Namjoon almost hears.The name Taehyung screams.And then the forest explodes, and the hunter’s horse roars high and shrill as wind rushes, and a voice pitches high in terror before snapping off abruptly. Ribs. Teeth. Tongue. Colors. Namjoon can’t make sense of what his eyes are telling him. Shadowed leaves and branches hissing green. Black-on-black, dripping and oily. And red — red  everywhere.Taehyung’s breath hitches between hiccuped sobs, and a voice that drags misshapen fingers down Namjoon’s spine and scar shushes him.“Shh, child, I’m here now. I’m here, don’t cry.  Shhh…”Namjoon looks again and now he sees. The witch (he has a name he has a name he has a name) is shining and beautiful even amidst the scene of gore and bones burst wide open. Hot, acidic vomit springs up to Namjoon’s tongue and he leans over to throw up against the gate. The sight, the smell twists into his nose and mouth and brain, until his stomach heaves and he gives up everything he’s eaten that day. Yet even as Namjoon crumples to his knees, numb with sickening, devastating helplessness…the witch whispers, holds Taehyung tight and cradles him in the folds of his cloak.Taehyung’s face is slack with relief, and covered in the huntsman’s blood. Take not what is yours,  mutter the rowans afterwards, beyond the bloodied wall.  None but fools covet what belongs to a witch. Leave while you still can.  Cruelty? To outsiders’ eyes, yes,  reply the great oaks, branches clattering like teeth.  But your eyes can only tell you so much of the truth.  You are going to die here,  laugh the firs, the pines, the eternal evergreens.  You and your brother both. He shall never ever ever leave this place, and the witch will take him, and break him, and then eat you alive! “SHUT UP!” Namjoon bellows into the forest’s unending dark, lurching to his feet to shove his face against the gate bars. “SHUT UP, ALL OF YOU! LEAVE ME ALONE!” The trees don’t respond.  Namjoon keeps screaming. Namjoon doesn’t sleep that night. He can’t close his eyes. Can’t end this nightmare. His throat aches and Taehyung, Taehyung, Taehyung had gotten him a cup of water and he couldn’t even stomach that. Couldn’t hold down a thing during dinner: every bite stinking of rust and guts, like the witch had fed them the huntsman’s remains.Embers and orange logs crackle in the hearth. Yet Namjoon has ice flowing through his veins. He shivers and burrows his fingers into Taehyung’s blood-hair. He’s losing his brother. He’s losing  himself.  Lead despair weighs down his limbs and Namjoon is running out of time. Unless—
 No. 
(His scar has all but healed completely.)
 But I promised. 
(There’s nothing he can do.)
 But I promised! 
(Taehyung had said so himself.)
 I PROMISED. 
(The witch even said—)Namjoon bolts upright but goes still as Taehyung shifts in his sleep. Air rushes in and out of his lungs, but he forces himself to slow, shaking as he crawls out of the covers and the small bed and staggers out the door, out of the house. Night has always frozen around the witch’s house, silent and lifeless. But Namjoon has either been around enough magic (or spiraled down to enough madness) to hear the hidden voices that flutter and giggle amidst the branches. His head spins with the nauseating stench of the garden, and he crumples to his knees somewhere between the yarrow and lobelia. The trees mutter and creak.“Help me,” he pleads, and presses his forehead into the loam. “Help us. I’ll do anything, anything.”But nobody answers.Namjon kneels in the cold and the not-silence until his legs groan in protest, whereupon he slowly gets up and stumbles back to the house. His eyes are raw and heavy. He’s so, so tired.He walks in and stops dead in his tracks when he spots a figure by the hearth.“Taehyung…?”The boy doesn’t reply, doesn’t move aside from a slight sway. His back is to Namjoon, so the latter can just see the corners of Taehyung’s dark eyes glimmer in the firelight. He exhales deeply and makes his way to his younger brother. Taehyung trembles, sighs when Namjoon places a hand on his shoulder, and closes his eyes.“What’re you doing up, Tae?” Namjoon murmurs, hoarse, weary. “Were you looking for me?”Taehyung turns and opens his eyes. His pupils gape, black and swollen. Namjoon bites back his shock: it’s the most lucid Taehyung has looked in a while — yet at the same time, the most haunted. The furthest he’s ever been from Namjoon. The wind whistles against the corners of the house, and Taehyung says, “Quiet. He’s fallen asleep. Don’t wake him up.”Humming thickness falls over the room with the weight of Taehyung’s words. Namjoon stares; his mouth drops open and he grabs Taehyung’s wrist tight and hopeful. “Tae,” he whispers. “How do you—”“Shhh.” Taehyung pulls his hand back and holds a finger to his lips. Black-filled eyes roll up to the ceiling, then over to the fire, then back to Namjoon once more. “Come. Come here.”He walks forward with a slow, deliberate step. Namjoon lingers close behind as the younger boy ghosts by the kitchen’s innumerable cupboards, cabinets, and drawers before pausing beside one. This one, he pulls open and roots through the utensils piled inside, such that the quiet room echoes with soft  clack-clunks of metal and wood. Namjoon watches him, nervous, then feels his pulse quicken when Taehyung turns back around. A pair of scissors in hand. Wicked sharp, and wicked scarlet.“T-Tae…?”“Shh,” the boy breathes again. He lifts the scissors and then —  snip-snip  — cuts off a large lock of his own hair. Red strands flutter and pool in his fingers. He lifts his head. “Come here. Come here.”Swallowing, Namjoon does so and holds deathly still as Taehyung reaches up to cut his hair as well. Then the scissors go back into the drawer before Taehyung slides it closed, and the boy glances sideways at the staircase. The silence is becoming unbearable and Namjoon can’t stop himself from blurting out, “Tae, how do you know his name?”Taehyung shifts unto him that unblinking gaze and Namjoon is suddenly struck with a memory:  You fed it to him. It’s my magic that courses through his blood and eyes and bones. Thief and fool. Thief and fool. “Magic hears, magic sees,” Taehyung is whispering, eyes black and dry and faraway. “Magic knows. Magic bleeds.”“Tae, tell it to me, I have to save you. Tell me his name.”But Taehyung shakes his head, still repeating the strange words under his breath as he drops his gaze to the strands of hair in his hand. Work-ruined fingers tremble as he begins to braid and weave them together. Bright red over brown — dark brown over red — until the strands are wound into a six-inch length of twisted hair. This, he ties around Namjoon’s wrist and then stands holding the older’s hand in both of his.“It’ll keep you safe,” he whispers and runs a thumb over the bone in Namjoon’s wrist. He hums; it’s an almost inaudible sound. “I’ll keep you safe.”Namjoon gulps back a sharp sting in his throat. He croaks, “For fuck’s sake, Taehyung. Why won’t you just tell me his  name?”“Magic knows. Not me. Magic knows.”“T-Then what about me? What’s my name? Who am I, Taehyung?”“Go back to bed now,” Taehyung replies instead. He studies Namjoon’s face and then smiles. A thin, sad thing.“It’ll all be over soon.”Namjoon feels his thoughts spin, wispy and numb through the darkness before dawn. The room is dark. Restless. Taehyung sleeps beside him, deep slow breaths warming Namjoon’s cheek. Namjoon’s pupils gape wide with the dimness so he can see the silhouette of his brother’s face. Peaceful.Today. It has to be today. Taehyung has slipped too far, such that Namjoon will lose him forever if they carry on in this cursed place. The bracelet of their hair scratches where it slips on his wrist. Whispers against his skin,  Magic knows.  He exhales, shuddery. What does that mean? What does that  mean? He thinks. Red thread, spinning wheel. Bodies and tendons, soft white, springy.He thinks. Horses, hunters, knives, blood, throats.He thinks. Taehyung, the witch, hair redder than apples, the color of thread.His eyes widen.He thinks:  The witch left. He thinks:  The witch came back with something. And he thinks:  The witch will leave again if it’s gone. And then a plan follows, and a sick feeling grows upward from his belly.Namjoon doesn’t even know if he dares to hope anymore.“Strange.”The witch cocks his head. Narrows his eyes at the basket in his hands.“I’d only just gotten a fresh batch… There should’ve been a lot more than this. You didn’t touch them, did you, Taehyung?”Taehyung is doing his best not to look over at the witch, at the things on the table from his seat nearby. A dead animal (a marmot, maybe?) lies across his lap where he’s attempting to pull out the sinews and tendons. Its belly gapes in a scarlet, scooped-out cavern. “No,” he says in a weak voice, looking faintly nauseated. “I didn’t.”“Hmm.” The witch studies him for a second, then turns aside to frown over the basket. Tiny bones and skulls pile the wooden table; a few have yet to decompose so far, skin and flesh still clinging. “And I don’t suppose you did, either, did you, thief?”Namjoon glances up. The bracelet is hidden under his sleeve. His knees are damp where he kneels scrubbing the stone hearth; both hands burn red from the soapy lye, but he’s glad for it. The tingling scalds away the memory of babies’ corpses, heavy in his arms as he dumped them one-by-one into the well behind the house. Not like they’ll be here to drink from it anyway.“No,” he says, quiet but firm. “I didn’t touch them.”The witch stares at him long enough for things to turn uncomfortable before he bares his teeth, irritated. “Those wretched fae,” he growls. “I do so many favors for them and yet they continue to steal from me! I must be harsher still with them, it appears.”Grumbling thus, he packs up the little corpses, leaving the heap of animal carcasses on the table by Taehyung untouched, then covers the gruesome basket with a white cloth and puts the thing up onto a shelf. Then the witch grabs his cloak and looks at Taehyung. The boy is bent over his work, teeth latched onto his bottom lip as he tugs at the white cord of a tendon. He jumps when he feels a hand in his hair, however, and looks up. The witch smiles down at him.“Taehyungie,” he says, abruptly sweet. “Be good, okay? Keep an eye on him for me.”He doesn’t clarify who — he doesn’t need to. Taehyung swallows, nods without a word, and Namjoon keeps his eyes trained on the ground to hide the unease boiling inside. It’s working. It’s working.“Good child.” The witch runs a hand over Taehyung’s hair and hums. “I’ll be back soon, all right?” The edges of his eyes harden ever-so-slightly when he glances at Namjoon. “Behave yourself.”“Okay,” says Taehyung. “Bye, witch.”The witch leans down to kiss the crown of his head. Then, with a sound as if the whole house shudders once, he leaves and they soon hear the distant clanking of the chain around the gate. Then, not even that.Namjoon scrubs and scrubs until the stones of the hearth froth white, counting to one hundred under his breath. Once he reaches that, and the witch shows no sign of returning, he dunks the brush into the sudsy bucket and casts a glance at Taehyung. His little brother is quiet, focused on the task in his hands, and Namjoon closes his eyes for just a second to steel himself.Now.“Taetae,” he speaks up, shattering the silence of the house. “Can you… Can you help me with something?”“Yeah?” Taehyung looks up from the dead thing in his lap. “What do you need?”Namjoon pulls the cleaning brush from the bucket and waves a circle in the air, dripping soap and lye onto the floor. “The witch, he… He wants me to clean the staircase, and a little ways into the upstairs, too. Will you help me?”Straightaway fear sparks in Taehyung’s eyes and he clutches stiff fur, rigid in his seat. Even after all this time, Taehyung’s terror of the upstairs hasn’t faded, not in the slightest. He croaks, “Why — Why would you need me for that?”“You just have to hold the door open for me while I scrub the floor,” Namjoon tries to coax. “Please? I’d…I’d feel better if you were standing close to me. I don’t want to up there by myself.”He forces himself not to flinch when Taehyung’s eyes turn startled and sympathetic, disgusted with how he’s manipulating his own little brother. Of course, Taehyung immediately says, “I… Okay. I’ll try,” and puts the dead animal on top of the grotesque little pile. Namjoon breathes deep and picks up the sloshing bucket, and together, the boys make their way up the stairs at Namjoon’s suggestion.“I want to do it first. Get it over with,” he says and fights not to be sick at Taehyung’s understanding nod. “Plus that way we won’t slip on the steps after I clean them. That all right?”“Yeah. Yeah.”The wooden steps creak under their weight. There’s just enough space for them to stand side-by-side. Taehyung shudders and whimpers so very faintly the further up they go and Namjoon can’t help his own budding dread as they approach the second-floor door. It’s unassuming enough, the wood stained along the jambs, but Namjoon’s hand tremors as he reaches out to twist the doorknob and push it open.It swings wide to reveal a wall. He peeks his head in and discovers a long corridor, stretching from left to right. No windows, no doors, no end in sight. Dark.“Please hurry,” Taehyung whispers behind him, high and scared. Namjoon inhales. Turns.“Forgive me,” he says, before he seizes the boy by the shoulder and hurls him inside.Taehyung yelps as he hits the floor, arm bashing into the hardwood as he slid to hit his back against the far wall. There’s a moment where he’s quiet, stunned and limbs all akimbo — but then realization catches up and he lets out a noise of such terror that the incident with the huntsman holds no comparison, no comparison at all. Namjoon gets one last glimpse of Taehyung scrabbling forward on hands and knees before he slams the door closed and grabs a long block of wood he’d cut and hidden against the wall last night. This, he jams under the doorknob and then stumbles back as Taehyung begins to well and truly  scream. “NONONONONONO LET ME OUT LET ME OUT LET ME OUT!” shrills the boy as Namjoon rushes back down the stairs, almost tripping and falling in his frantic haste. He’d dropped the bucket of lye and soapy water into the hallway as well. Suds dribble onto the topmost step from under the door, which shudders in its frame from the force of Taehyung’s pounding. “PLEASE LET ME DOWN LET ME I DON’T WANT I DON’T—”“Sorry,” Namjoon gasps, even though Taehyung can’t hear him over the sound of his own shrieks. He bursts out of the house, where a million voices meet him in the trees the wind the sky and he runs to get the axe where it rests out in the garden that tears his senses open with its myriad-scent, and when he comes back he can hear echoing through the house the horrific sound of fingernails on wood as Taehyung tries to claw the door open. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!”“PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, I’LL BE GOOD!” Taehyung thumps on the door and wails. His voice cracks and threatens to die; his throat is sure to bleed. Namjoon has never never never heard him like this and it kills him,  it kills him.  “I’LL BEHAVE, I’LL BE SO GOOD, JUST LET ME DOWN! HELP ME SOMEBODY OH,  FUCK, PLEASE!”Namjoon chokes back a sob and unknots the hair bracelet where it loops around his wrist. He continues to chant a hoarse plea of, “I’m sorry, sorry, just call for him, please, please, this is the only way. Taehyung, it’ll be over, call for him, just, just,  please—”And Taehyung does.And when the witch bursts through the door, face boiling with rage, eyes hotter than burning oil where they scour the room eager to rip him open—He’s ready.Namjoon feels the bone-melting heat of magic shove against him even as he jumps out from behind the door. The creature’s throat is white and soft when Namjoon loops the hair bracelet around his neck; already his hands feel as if skin is sloughing off his bones wherever he touches the witch. But the length of the brothers’ hair, stronger than a rope ladder, stronger than hair should ever be, holds firm yet, and the witch lets out an inhuman screech as he tears at Namjoon’s arms with flaying nails and triple-jointed fingers. Blood flies and ribbons are torn from his hands and Namjoon is burning alive, burning where he stands, but he clenches his teeth and grabs onto the one thing that’ll save him.Because this time, with his hands tingling from the magic in Taehyung’s blood-hair, he heard it loud and clear.Namjoon roars the witch’s name — and just like that, all of a sudden the whole world comes to an end.“I’ll kill you,” promises the witch, wheezing as Namjoon drags him by the legs over the threshold, outside. “I’ll kill you and make him watch. I’ll hang you from the rafters and let him hear you strangling alive. You are dead, boy, you are  dead.”“Shut the hell up,  Seokjin.”The witch (because that’s all he is, all he ever will be, he doesn’t deserve to be named) convulses. His eyes dribble black as Namjoon flings him out into the thousand-blooms garden. His grin is wide, whiter than sugar. His laugh squeaks and bursts like shattering glass.“It won’t be by my hand, either,” he whispers. “You’ll kill yourself, leaving him all alone. I’ll haunt you to your grave, driving you mad and mad and mad until death becomes a better friend to you than precious little Taehyungie. He’s mine.  He’s all mine.”His words rasp against one another, the bracelet of woven hair tied tight around his windpipe. Namjoon ignores him and hauls him around to the back of the house.The kiln is large. Big enough to hold a body. The witch hiccups giggles as Namjoon heaves open the heavy stone door. Inside, the small dark space smells of sweetbread and ashes. Namjoon seizes the witch by his hair and pulls him in.“You will never escape my house. Take him and run, but I’ll find you wherever you go. I will be there every time you close your eyes, every time he goes to sleep. You can never kill me.”“I told you to fucking shut it,” Namjoon spits. He feels a wild rush of vindication whenever he looks down at the witch. It stems from spite when Namjoon pulls the witch’s face in close and snarls, “This is for my little brother, you thrice-damned bastard.”The witch smiles. Sweeter than sugar.“Your brother belongs to me,” he whispers, “and that will never change.”Namjoon doesn’t have to worry about the witch pushing open the kiln door, about him running away. He’d already dealt with the creature’s hands, with his feet.(Witches do bleed, after all.)  (And everyone knows they burn.) “Taehyung?” Namjoon knocks on the door wearily. Silence: Taehyung stopped screaming some time ago. “Tae, baby? It’s me. It’s Namjoon.”No answer. Carefully, he removes the wooden prop and opens the door. The floor behind it is wet with sudsy puddles and straightaway Namjoon notices the blood rippling in them. There’s something there as well: a small red object that Namjoon can’t quite make out. His breath hitches and he pushes the door open wider.“Taetae,” he calls again. “It’s okay, it’s over now. We’re safe. Let’s—” His voice wavers for a brief moment. “Let’s go home, you and me.”A muffled sound catches his attention and he turns to find a shape hunched in the darkness. Then it sniffles and he realizes that it’s Taehyung, curled into a ball against the wall, face buried in his knees, hands tucked over his head. Namjoon steps over the puddle and creeps closer to him.“Hey,” he whispers, and Taehyung twitches. “He’s gone, you’re all right now. It’s over, Tae. You’re safe. He’s never going to hurt you again.”With that, he puts a hand on Taehyung’s shoulder — then  reels  backwards when the boy punches at him with a screech.Taehyung’s fingers are bleeding; the nails are cracked and split wide open, and Namjoon’s stomach flip-flops when he sees that one of them is missing entirely. The boy kicks at him and Namjoon has to scramble back to avoid his blows. Seeing this, Taehyung stops attacking and tries to crawl away, but his hands seem to pain him to the point that his arms crumple and he lets out a moan of such pure anguish that Namjoon freezes. He stares, bewildered and disbelieving.“Tae?”“Get away from me!” Taehyung shouts at him, deep voice splitting at the edges, jittery and furious. “Don’t touch me, you fucking murderer, don’t come near me! Seokjin…  Seokjin, you killed him, you fucking killed him!” His ruined voice swells and fills up the house then as he bellows, “You killed my brother!”A roaring buzz fills Namjoon’s ears with so much white noise, they ring and go silent.He stares.“What…Taehyung…I didn’t…” He reaches out. “I’m not…”“Leave me alone,  witch-killer!” Taehyung wrenches his wrists aside — leaving streaks of blood down Namjoon’s equally-ruined hands — and utters a broken sob. He smears red across his temples when he rakes stiff fingers through his hair. “I want my brother. I want Seokjin, S-Seokjin, and you  killed him, I heard him, he, oh, fuck, you  burned—”“Taehyung, it’s me.” Namjoon’s vision is blurring. He feels tears spill over, streaking down his face. “It’s Namjoon. Don’t you recognize me?”“No no no no,” Taehyung moans. He shakes his head and peers at Namjoon with nothing but fear in his eyes. “You’re evil. I don’t know you, I don’t know you, just leave me alone! Leave me alone. L-Leave me alone…”He crumples into sobs, huddled into himself on the floor, like a child who’s lost everything. Namjoon slumps beside him, kneeling, staring blankly at the boy who cries for a witch.“Taehyung,” he keeps saying. “It’s me. It’s okay, it’s just me. I won’t leave you, Tae. I love you.”Over and over.“I love you.”The house smells like charcoal and gingerbread when it burns.Namjoon holds Taehyung against his chest, the boy’s legs hooked around his waist, as he looks back once to watch the walls, the windows and rooftop go up in flames. It will spread, too, out to the gardens where enchanted flowers and herbs will catch ablaze; Namjoon had made sure of that. No more victims of the forest. No more babies’ corpses. No more immortal boys with bloodred hair. Every last trace of the witch — turned to ash.Taehyung is limp. Eyes blank, tears still streaming down his face. He didn’t stop Namjoon from cutting and piling wood around the place, but his arms loop over Namjoon’s shoulders and he won’t turn around from where the witch’s house incinerates.The trees are laughing. The gates are wide open.Namjoon steps through and carries his brother into the dark of the forest.



Chapter End Notes
This is the Good Ending. Stay tuned, because I have more ideas for this universe yet.As always, thank you for reading.



Afterword


End Notes

story aesthetic

❁ My Tumblr

❁ My Twitter




Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



