



we found love in the - chthonicheart - Supernatural
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

we found love in the home of a sinner
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/389445.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Supernatural
Relationship:
Castiel/Dean Winchester
Character:
Sam Winchester, Bobby Singer, Castiel, Dean Winchester
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Alternate Universe - College/University
Stats:

        Published: 2012-04-22
        Words: 7240
      

we found love in the home of a sinner
by chthonicheart
Summary
Castiel kisses Dean in his dorm room on a Thursday. Only, Dean isn't interested in boys.
Notes
Okay, so I wrote this fic in about five hours, but here, have some fluffy college!au Dean/Cas with a side order of Bobby and Sam. I promise this fic isn't as depressing as it sounds, but I hope you like it anyway. Thank you so much to ashinan for looking this over for me, I've got no idea what I would do without you.



we found love in the home of a sinner

It’s a Thursday afternoon when Castiel first kisses Dean.It’s  shy, and tentative, and barely there in a sense where it totally is, and  it’s almost so subtle to the point that it’s impossible to ignore  without Dean looking like an ass. So, he doesn’t. He sinks into the  feeling of the other man’s lips on his, and doesn’t kiss back, but he  doesn’t retreat either. He stands there, comfortable and poised because  this is Castiel, and even if Castiel is kissing him like Dean usually  kisses girls, Castiel is his best friend and Dean would do anything for  him.He’s never thought about another man romantically. Sure, he  can appreciate an attractive guy when he sees one, because Dean’s always  been kind of fascinated by the physically fortunate people out there.  Castiel is no exception.He’s an attractive man, with unruly hair  that looks like he just toppled out of bed–and more often than not, he  usually has–and a square-cut jawline that somehow works on him in a way  that wouldn’t work on anyone else. He has intense, azure-blue eyes that  can focus on literally anything for any amount of time possible, and  while he’s just about the weirdest person Dean’s ever known, he’s also  one of the best, too.They’re standing in Dean’s small, lofty  dorm room when Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s, and he’s never  thought of this before. He’s never thought of kissing another man, let  alone Cas, but somehow it works and he’s not as repulsed by the idea–or  the act–as he thought he would be.He probably should be having  some huge gay crisis right now, throwing words that he doesn’t mean and  running because Dean’s always ran from his problems in the past. But, he  doesn’t this time, and whether this is because he doesn’t see this as a  problem or because he’s still in shock (less likely), well, he’s not  willing to analyze that.Cas pulls back a few seconds later, his  blue eyes dark and clouded; searching. He licks his lips, catching the  taste of Dean, and somehow Dean actually finds it kind of endearing.“Dean,”  he says, and he reaches up a hand that stalls awkwardly in the air,  fingers twitching to touch, but he’s hesitant and unsure. “I’m in love  with you.”And Dean’s only a sophomore in college, hasn’t even  figured out what he wants to major in, and he’s smelly during the best  times, and drunk and dry at his worst, but he knows that Cas’ confession  fills him with a warm feeling that he’s not really used to, but thinks  he can get used to all of the same. If Castiel had somehow managed to  fall in love with Dean, who is everything short of perfect and kind of a  monumentally shitty person underneath his deflective exterior, then  Dean thinks trying something with him wouldn’t be such a horrible idea.*They decide to stay friends, for the most part.“I  don’t want to do this if you don’t want to either,” Cas tells him, once  they’ve pulled away from their kiss and Dean still hasn’t made a move.Dean  doesn’t know what to say; he’s never been more confused about what he  wants in his life, and that includes the time when he and Sam got  fantastically drunk and sat on their parents roof, looking up at the  stars and arguing about the deep, metaphorical meaning of life–they  always did stupid shit like that when Dean was a freshman in college,  because it was nice to have that familiarity when everything was brand  new. Now, Sam’s a junior in high school and has traded drunken nights  with his brother with romantic nights with his girlfriend, Jess, and  Dean’s always wanted to look at someone like his brother looks at  her–like he would put himself through hell just to see them happy, even  if it’s just for a flicker of a moment.“I don’t know what I  want,” Dean says, and it’s the truth. It’s always been hard to lie to  Cas, even in the beginning, when he was the weird boy in Dean’s standard  English class, the one who never asked questions with his mouth, but  asked them with his eyes instead.Castiel smiles, and it’s not  sad, but it’s affectionate and just the right side of too kind. “I  know,” he says. “But I’ll be here when you do.”*Dean  grew up without a childhood, and learned from a young age that if your  family was happy, then eventually you would be, too. He raised Sam from  the time that the boy was five years old, practically, when his dad was  too choked up on red-blooded anger and misplaced guilt to look after two  growing boys that reminded him of his lost wife too much. When his  father was home, Dean looked after him, too; he made sure his father  always showered (at least once every few days), made sure his father  always ate something, no matter how small, and when his father came home  high on booze and remorse, he tucked him into bed with a kiss to the  forehead and prayed.He prayed for happiness and closure for his  father, for great fortune and the childhood that never came for Dean;  even though he was only nine, he felt like he was twenty years older. He  never prayed for himself because he already had everything he needed,  and everything he needed was in Sam.When his father passed away  when he was fifteen from liver failure, Dean would like to say he was  surprised, but having spent one-too-many nights cleaning up dried bile  and leftover bits of food from his fathers sheets, it was practically  written in the stars.*Castiel lives in the dorm room across from Dean’s.He  has a single room, one he snatched up because he applied for room and  board early and got lucky with his picks. Dean pretends he isn’t  jealous, but they both know that isn’t true.Dean’s roommate is  off the rail and weird, but not in the same way that Cas is. He drinks  too much, and is about three years older than Dean, but is still only a  sophomore like him and Cas, and his beard is too long at times and too  short at others. He’s nice, though, even if he mumbles in his sleep and  steals Dean’s favorite pens from off of his desk. He’s bearable, he  respects Dean–unless he’s drunk, but even then it’s blindly obvious that  he tries–and he could have ended up with someone worse, someone like  Gabriel, who is loud and obnoxious and Cas’ brother so Dean can’t help  but love him.Cas’ dorm is always clean and proper; the only  parts of his room that are messy and have no order are his desk and his  bookcase, but that’s just Cas, so Dean isn’t really surprised. It’s  somehow incredibly cosy, and Dean finds himself spending more nights in  Cas’ dorm than in his own.Cas asks why this is one night when  they’re studying f0r separate finals that are on the same day, and Dean  shrugs his shoulders and says, “Chuck.”Cas doesn’t call him out on the lie, and Dean knows that’s probably because he knows Dean doesn’t really have an answer.It’s  the middle of spring, where the grass is almost always dewy from the  soft kiss of dawn, and the flowers are in full bloom; Dean hates to  admit it, but it’s kind of breathtakingly beautiful in a way that is  commonplace to him now. Spring semester is coming to a close, which  means that Dean has approximately two months to choose a major or else  he’s basically screwed.“Have you figured out a major yet?”“No.”“You should probably get on that.”Dean  scoffs, and throws a pencil at his head. He ignores how he misses by a  huge margin and instead throws another one. And ignores that one, too.  “I have two months,” he retorts.Castiel looks at him intently,  his eyes boring holes into the side of Dean’s face. He’d find it  unnerving if he wasn’t used to it already. He has two looks on autopilot  almost always, and it’s either him being a particularly smug bastard,  because he enjoys ruining Dean’s life, or it’s this pensive, searching  look, caught somewhere between a dying puppy and newborn kitten. They’re  both equally as frustrating.*One month after Castiel kisses Dean, Dean starts to notice the little things that he never picked up on before.He  starts to notice how whenever he calls Cas, he comes, and he doesn’t  know if this has to do with Cas being in love with him and everything,  but it’s unsettling, knowing that someone would be so willing to help  Dean with absolutely anything. He knows he would, too, because that’s  just Castiel, helpful and willing, all action and ask questions later  kind of guy, but in the best possible way.He starts to notice  that the text messages he sends Dean aren’t usual between friends. How  he will find magazine clippings out of Dean’s favorite muscle car  magazine and will send them to him via picture message–and sometimes  he’ll even clip them out and place them in an envelope, slipping it  under Dean’s door. Sometimes he’ll hear someone mention pie, and will  text Dean and tell him to have a good day, will you, and to try not to  threaten anyone today, please.He starts to notice how he does  all of these, too, even if they’re sparse at first, but gradually they  grow like the flowers in the spring, and Dean finds that he doesn’t mind  all that much.*The Wednesday before spring break, Dean invites Cas to come back to Bobby’s house with him.He doesn’t expect for him to say yes.*They’re  on the road two days later, four packed bags in the backseat, with  stolen beer and cheap junk food in the front. Metallica is blasting  through the speakers of Dean’s baby, his 1967 Impala, the only girl he’s  ever thought was worth keeping around. There’s a hint of a smile on  Cas’ face that is beautiful and different all at once.Dean  doesn’t know what makes him do it, but without a second thought, he  reaches over with his hand that’s not on the steering wheel and grasps  one of the hands resting on Cas’ lap.He doesn’t see the smile that takes over Castiel’s face, but he’s pretty sure he hears it, and that’s just as well, too.*“They’re  kind of crazy, like serious-level, almost hospital-admittance crazy,”  Dean warns, when they’re one hundred miles outside of Bobby’s rundown,  two story house nestled in the South Dakota mountains.“I’m sure  it’ll be fine, Dean,” Cas says, and then adds, “I’m not exactly normal,  either.” And Dean has to smile at him because Cas might not talk a lot,  but when he does, it’s always something worth hearing.“No,” Dean agrees, “I don’t suppose you are.”Cas smiles at him, a slight quirk of the mouth that makes Dean’s smile broaden into a grin. “You are not either.”“No,” Dean says, and rather than saying it, thinks, ‘I’m probably the weirdest of us all.’By  Castiel’s eyebrow quirk, Dean almost believes that he somehow heard  that too, the private thought hidden between all of the emotions that  Dean shovels down and ignores. He’s not sure, but it’s a definite  possibility; Cas has always known him better than most.*They  arrive on a chilly, cold afternoon that’s bleeding into early evening.  Cas sleeps most of the rest of the way, and Dean finds it hard to not  glance over more often than not, admiring the soft, angelic like  features that he barely gets to see so relaxed. Cas, Dean realizes, has  always been beautiful, but he looks his best like this, pressed against  his baby’s door, deep in sleep, curled in on himself with his one hand  shoved between his face and the door, the other hand still clutching  Dean’s tightly.“We’re here,” Dean says, gently, shaking his fingers free of Cas’.The other man stirs awake, slowly, eyes blinking open, unfocused and raw, blue almost entirely taking over black. “Dean?”Dean nods, even though he’s pretty sure Cas can’t make out the movement, and gestures around him. “We’re here,” he repeats.Cas  blinks his eyes again, and they’re suddenly more focused and alert, and  he nods, getting out of the car and retrieving his bags from the back.  Dean does the same, and together they walk up to the house.“My  kid brother is going to be here,” Dean tells him; he probably should  have told him sooner, but Dean’s always been dodgy on details,  especially when they revolve around Sam. He doesn’t let himself think  about how he’s never taken anyone to meet Bobby, or Sam, because they’ve  never been important enough. But Cas; Cas is Cas, and he’s always been a  little off-kilter, and for some reason, this is what his family’s drawn  too. It’s a nice fit and he refuses to acknowledge what this says about  their relationship, and instead barges into the house.“Honey, I’m home,” he calls, meeting silence and an awkward shift of weight from foot-to-foot from Castiel.Out  of his peripheral vision he sees this mammoth like creature come up and  ambush him from his right side, the side that Cas isn’t currently on,  and before he can even process what exactly it is that he saw, he’s  gathered up by his brother in a hug that squeezes the breath out of him.Dean  pats his back, once, says, “Stop being a girl, Sammy,” before he  finally gives in and hugs his brother back. It’s been since Christmas  since he’s last seen the kid, and since then he’s grown at least three  inches and doesn’t appear to be stopping soon. “Stop growing, you’re  making me look bad.”Sam just grins, loose and familiar and  Dean’s stuck with how glad he is to see him. He never thought it would  be so hard to leave Sam, but then again, he never really pictured  leaving him in the first place.It’s then that Sam notices  Castiel, who is rubbing his neck awkwardly and is staring at the floor  like he is wishing upon a deity to make it possible for it to swallow  him up. Sam lifts a curious eyebrow at Dean.“Hello,” he says, to Castiel.Cas  looks up, politely, and holds out a hand that may or may not be shaking  in the almost awkward silence. “Hello. You must be Sam,” he says, and  by the look of surprise on Sam’s face, he wasn’t expecting such a  gravelly voice to come out of someone so tiny. Dean was surprised, too,  but it quickly became one of the things he liked the most about Cas.  It’s soothing as much as it is grating, and Dean now finds it too easy  to get carried away in the sound.“I’m Castiel,” he offers, a moment later. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”“Likewise,” Sam agrees, and then looks at Dean, silently asking ‘who the hell is he’ and ‘are you dating’ simultaneously.Dean  doesn’t dignify that with a response, instead choosing to look at Cas,  who is looking at Dean in return, kind of like a deer caught in  headlights, like he doesn’t know what to do with his hands that are  laying limp awkwardly at his sides.“Where’s Bobby?”Sam  grimaces. “Shopping,” he sighs. “Says we were running out of food. I’m  dying, Dean. He can’t cook for the life of him and if I have to swallow  down another burnt cheeseburger that looks more like a rotten liver, I’m  going to be forced to move out. I miss your cooking.”Dean blushes brightly, and before he can say anything, Cas looks at him curiously. “You can cook?”“No,” Dean hisses at the same time Sam says, “He’s brilliant.” And seriously, fuck little brothers and their meddling ways.“Interesting,” Castiel replies, looking at Dean with something in his eyes that he can’t quite identify.“Anyway,” Dean says, quick to change the subject. “I’m going to go get settled in and let Cas do the same.”Sam  raises an eyebrow, makes a motion with his hands that is downright  obscene and of course Dean’s forced to throw the nearest thing at his  head. It happens to be the pillow that’s in his hand. “Bitch.”Sammy smiles, open and bright, even though Cas is there, and Dean thinks this might actually turn out to be okay. “Jerk.”*Dean  and Cas end up sharing a room, not because they have to, but because he  can tell Cas kind of wants to–not that he blames him, really–and Dean  finds he doesn’t mind so much either.“I’m sorry about my brother.”“He’s very tall,” Castiel comments, in that off handed way that he’s so very good at. It startles a laugh out of Dean.“He is.”“He loves you very much,” Castiel says.Dean feels a clenching in his chest, but manages to smile at Cas anyway. “I’d hope so.”Castiel  smiles at him, one of the rare, open mouthed smiles that he rarely  gives anyone, but remarkably are all saved for Dean. “He does.”*When Bobby comes back from the store, the first thing he does is slap Dean across the back of his head.“Hey!” Dean protests. “Don’t damage the goods.”Sam  snickers, holding his tongue on what is probably some snarky remark  about how Dean’s goods are long dead, if they ever existed at all, or  whatever else Sam feels like teasing him about this week. Castiel is  straight-faced as always, but his eyes are laced with amusement, and  Dean’s pretty sure that he’s enjoying himself.He doesn’t know why, but it makes something warm settle and blossom in his chest, like he’s done something right.The  second thing Bobby does is offer his hand to Castiel, introducing  himself as “Bobby” and offering him a look that takes a moment for Dean  to recognize: acceptance.“I was thinking,” Dean says quickly;  the air is changing, he’s pretty sure it’s going in a direction that he  doesn’t want to deal with right now; thick and full of emotion. “That I  could cook breakfast tomorrow. You know, first day back here and all.  And plus I know Sammy probably misses it.”Bobby isn’t fooled. “Tryin’ to tell me that my cooking’s rotten, boy?”Dean  just smiles, and Bobby smiles back, and he can feel Castiel’s foot  nudging his under the table, too, and Dean is blindsided by how happy he  feels.*Bobby peels himself away from them, saying that  he’s going to go work on a car in the salvage yard he’s been trying to  fix up recently, so they’re left sitting in the kitchen. The air is a  little awkward, but nothing that Dean can’t handle, and he looks at Cas  and smiles, because he can.Cas doesn’t smile back, but his eyes  brighten considerably as he clears his throat. “Would I be able to take a  shower?” he asks. “I don’t think being trapped in a car for so long  agreed with my hygiene.”Dean nods. “Sure,” he says, and shows him where everything is.When  he gets back, Sam looks at him with this face, one that Dean’s labelled  as Sammy’s ‘I’ve-figured-it-all-out’ face. It’s infuriating, but that’s  only because he usually hits the problem firmly on the head. He’s never  been very good at it himself, but Sam makes it up enough for the both  of them.“So, you and Cas?” He asks.Dean raises an eyebrow. “What?”Sam sighs. “Don’t play stupid with me, Dean,” he says, throwing bitch face #5 on him, pursed lips and all.“We’re just friends,” Dean admits; he learned early on that it’s better to just tell Sam than to let it marinate.“Are you?”“Yes.”“Doesn’t seem like it. Pretty sure the poor bastard’s in love with you.”“Yes,” Dean says, again; there’s no use in denying the truth.Sam doesn’t look surprised that he knows. “You love him back.”“I don’t know.”“Well,” Sam says, completely unconvinced, tone drenching in ‘you’re an idiot’, “you should probably find out soon.”Dean resists the urge to punch him and simply throws a “No shit, Sherlock,” over his shoulder.*Dean’s never been in love with anyone.He  doesn’t know how love is supposed to feel; he’s always been pretty  reclusive with his feelings–though he definitely has them, despite  popular belief–especially when it comes to sharing them with other  people. He loves Sam, sure, and he knows that he loved his mom, and his  father, when he wasn’t a piss-poor, deadbeat drunk that put too much on  the shoulders of a little boy. He loves his car, and it’s arguable that  Dean might just be in love with her, because, well, he doesn’t really  need to explain that one; it’s obvious.Even if he did end up  falling for someone, he thought it’d be a pretty girl with the mouth of a  sailor and a great affection for the Browning sisters, or maybe even  someone more modern, like Pahlinuk. She’d like weird music and would  dance in the middle of the kitchen while making eggs for breakfast, and  would kiss his cheek whenever he did something worth praising for. Cas  definitely isn’t a girl, and he’s never seen him pick up anything as  crude as Fight Club–or at least modern and as crude as Fight Club. He  likes old English poetry and reads novels more than he watches movies,  or TV, and he has this strange fascination with everything around him.So,  Dean’s never been in love, it’s not like he’d be able to recognize the  feeling, and that’s frightening, because he’s always classified his  friendship with Cas as ‘normal’. He’s not quite so sure anymore.Sam  stares at him the rest of the day, with a look on his face that’s  caught between annoyance and something that vaguely resembles pity, and  Dean has to resist the urge to fucking punch him in the face. He doesn’t  need pity, nor does he necessarily appreciate it, because it’s not like  there’s anything that anyone needs to feel sorry for.Dean  leaves after dinner to go to the local bar–they’ll serve him even if  he’s underage because he’s always been reckless and everyone seems to  like him at the bar (“It’s because of your unfortunate good looks, kid,”  Bobby said to him after it happened the first time. “Just don’t come  home drunk, ya idjit.” Sometimes, Dean thought Bobby was more of a  father than his dad every really was). He wants to invite Cas, but Sam  has him in the living room, nerding out over some dead writer that has  quote-unquote changed their lives and shaped their childhood.He  snorts loudly, throws a “See you guys later,” over his shoulder, and  makes it out the door slow enough to hear Cas’ soft response of,  “Goodbye, Dean.”*Dean wakes up slowly the next morning,  his face cuddled into his pillow and the gentle morning air crisp and  welcoming on his back. He blinks away the final shutters of sleep, looks  around at the blurry edges of the room, and realizes that Cas is still  in his bed, covers pulled over his head, breathing rasping through his  nose. Dean doesn’t know why he smiles, but he does.He stretches  across the bed, feeling the lovely pull that always manages to wake him  up, and he can’t help the cat-like purr that rumbles from his throat.He  looks across at the other bed where Castiel is sleeping, and sees a  rustle of movement and then suddenly Cas' eyes are on Dean. He smiles,  the soft quirk of his mouth that is open and honest in the dim light of  Dean's old bedroom–when he lived here, anyway–it's so nice that Dean  even lets himself smile back, too."Good morning," Dean rumbles, voice thick with sleep."Hello,  Dean," Cas greets, like always. He gets out of bed, letting out a soft  gasp of surprise once his feet touch the cold, tile floor. There is  something adorable about Cas like this, when he's tired and vulnerable,  doesn't let his usual stoic tendencies take control of his face. His  hair is rumpled and sticking up in odd places, and there's a five o'  clock shadow that's spread delightfully across his cheeks, but he's  still the Cas that Dean has known since his freshman year of college.It  strikes him odd to find that thought so comforting, that the weird boy  that he never thought he would connect with ended up being his best  friend. He doesn't spend time trying to analyze it, as he's never been  good at that anyway, and instead focuses on the bright, sculpted planes  of Cas' naked chest.He's never took the time to appreciate  another man's physique like this before, especially not this close up.  Cas is slender, but not too-skinny in the way that would suggest he's  weak and brittle. His skin is pale porcelain, creamy and smooth. It's  mesmerizing under the faint, yellow light seeping through the drapes."How  did you sleep?" Dean asks, because he knows that if he spends anymore  time staring at his chest, then he probably won't stop. He really  doesn't want to open another door to Sam's teasing, especially not  before breakfast.Castiel nods. "Well," he says."I can go  start on breakfast," he offers, "if you want. You can take a shower. .  .or do whatever it is that you do in the morning," he adds on,  awkwardly. And when did things get awkward between them?Cas doesn't seem to notice though, anyway. "I would like that very much."Dean grins, lecherous. "Well, knock yourself out," he says.*Dean  cooks eggs, bacon, pancakes and biscuits and gravy–eggs and bacon for  Sam, pancakes for Dean, and biscuits and gravy for Bobby; he makes a  couple extra of everything because while Cas is Dean's best friend, he  doesn't know what he prefers to eat in the morning, and thought it would  be better safe than sorry.Just as he's finished frying the  bacon, Sam stumbles into the kitchen, murmuring something about coffee  and how delicious the food smells, and thank god for small miracles such  as Dean's cooking. Dean points him to where the general vicinity of the  coffee maker is, like he doesn't already know. He tries to ignore the  fact that his sixteen year old brother is already a coffee addict and  instead focuses on not burning the bacon–even though he seriously could  do this in his sleep."Where's Bobby?" Dean asks; usually the man  is up and about by now. He sleeps even less than Dean, which is bad,  because Dean barely sleeps."Think he went down to the salvage  yard to work on one of the cars there. Or maybe he actually went into  the shop today to take care of some orders."Dean smirks. "He likes cars too much," he says, though there isn't any conviction in his voice.Sam throws him a look. "Coming from the man who spent nearly a year fixing up his car," he snorts."Still the most beautiful girl in the world, too."Sam  shakes his head, like he doesn't believe that he's related to someone  who is as obsessed with his car as Dean is, but Dean thinks it's better  than being obsessed with something that can ruin your life, like drugs,  or sex, or porn. He's a little alcohol-happy, but it's hard not to be,  especially with his upbringing by a borderline-alcoholic father."You're ridiculous," Sam says, finally, and then sniffs the air in pure delight. "Is it almost ready?"Dean nods. "Yeah," he says. "I'm going to run something out for Bobby," he adds on.Sam  quirks an eyebrow, but Dean doesn't have to explain himself. Dean's  empathetic and sensitive to human needs when he wants to be, and he  knows that Bobby doesn't eat nearly as much as he should, despite Dean  and Sam's constant nagging about it. It's not that he's purposely  hurtful towards himself, but he gets obsessive and compulsive about his  cars, and the last thing on his mind usually is what's for dinner.Dean  would always run him out something small, even if it was an apple or a  pack of crackers, because the way he saw it, Bobby was basically Dean's  second father. He already lost one. He doesn't need to lose another.They  settle into a silence that's not awkward at all, nothing ever really is  between them. Even when Sammy sat Dean down when he was twelve years  old and told him that he didn't want to be a mechanic like Bobby, or  dad, and instead wanted to be a lawyer–the kid was scared shitless and  if Dean hadn't been so busy laughing hysterically, stomach in knots, he  probably would have found it adorable.Cas walks in a few moments  later, and by the soft moan of surprise, he hadn't been expecting the  smell. "Hello, Sam," Cas says, taking the proffered cup of coffee in  Sam's hands gratefully.Sam smiles at him, friendly and open. He doesn't know why, but it warms Dean's heart considerably. "Good morning, Castiel."Castiel  doesn't quite smile at him, because he doesn't quite smile at anyone  unless it's Dean, but his eyes lighten in fondness and Dean can't help  but think that they're going to get along fine. "What smells so good?"Dean blushes. "Breakfast," he says.Cas raises an eyebrow, his face otherwise impassive. "You really do cook.” It's not a question."I suppose–"Sam  cuts him off. "He's brilliant. He's always been shy about what he's  good at because he's humble and modest and it's fucking annoying, but  he's great and he's been cooking the family thanksgiving dinner since he  was eleven." Sam doesn't mention how it was ramen noodles and poptarts  up until Dean was sixteen, but he's glad he didn't."I'm not anything special," Dean says.Castiel smiles at him with his eyes, earnest. "You are wrong, Dean."Dean  doesn't say anything, simply flushes redder at Castiel's confession  that might mean more than Dean's willing to look into right now, and  instead announces that breakfast is ready to be served, successfully  changing the subject.Sam levels a meaningful look at the side of  Dean's face while they're eating; he's not fooled, and by how Cas is  doing the same to the other side, he's probably not, either.*The rest of the day goes by slow after that, but Dean's grateful for it.They're sitting in Bobby's library, just below the staircase in the front room, when Cas puts down 'Leaves of Grass' and stares intensely at the side of Dean's face.He shifts under the gaze, and eventually when Cas doesn't look away, he's forced to look up. "Cas?"Cas licks his lips, once. "You're an exceptional cook, Dean."Dean blushes under the praise, and can't help but preen a little. "You think so?"Cas  nods. "I wouldn't say it if I had meant otherwise," he says, like it's  the most obvious thing in the world. And it probably is, but Dean's  always been terribly oblivious."Thank you," he says, and doesn't  say the 'it means a lot that you think that' that's hanging off the  end, but he hopes Cas hears it anyway."Have you thought about culinary school?" Cas asks, after a few moments of silence.Dean grapples for a moment in shock. "What?" He asks, dumbly."Culinary  school, you know, where they work with food and sometimes they'll even  let you make something called meals, we have them three times a–"Dean cuts him off. "Very funny.""You  should think about it. I think you would like it." Castiel sounds so  sure, positive that it's what Dean wants, and it kind of makes him fall  quiet for a moment."I don't know," he says, "it's not like I can get actually make a life career out of it.""Of course you can," Cas cuts in. "Why wouldn't you be able to?"Dean shrugs. "Because I generally don't get lucky, in anything, but in that especially."Cas narrows his eyes at him, pursing his lips. "That's not true," he says. "You're very lucky.”"After all," he says after a moment, when Dean doesn't say anything else. "You met me, didn't you?"Dean  doesn't dignify that with a response and instead throws the nearest  paperback at Castiel's head, but he's smiling wide while he does it.*The  next couple of days fly by in a blur, where Dean's not sure what  exactly is going on, but he enjoys it all of the same. They take Cas out  to the salvage yard and watch as he tries–and epically fails–to fix up  one of the cars in Bobby's yard; they're actually sure he's only managed  to make it worse. But Dean can't let himself regret it when they come  home and Cas smells like sweat, and sweet, thick motor oil, with his  skin glistening and kind of red from the constant beat of the sun on his  back.Cas is some brand of genius that Dean's never encountered  before, one that makes him fly through books like they're thirty minute  long TV shows instead of five-hundred pages of novels with encrypted  metaphorical language that he can't even begin to understand. So, Cas  reads faster than anyone he's ever known, and he's halfway through  Bobby's library before they're even there for five days.He doesn't know why he finds it enamoring, but he does.They're  sitting huddled together on Dean's bed now, clutching the neck of a  tequila bottle and passing it back and forth as they both take long  swigs. Dean's feeling fuzzy around the edges already, but Cas looks  collected and his eyes might be slightly dilated, but he's nowhere near  drunk. They've done this so many times that it almost feels like home,  and he likes it too much not to sink into it."Tell me something,  Cas," he slurs, after half of the bottle is gone, empty beer bottles  cluttering the floor. They may have gone a little crazy with the  alcohol, but they're young and reckless, and Dean can't imagine doing  this with anyone but Cas, anyway."What do you want to know?" he asks.Dean shrugs. "Whatever you wanna tell me," Dean says.Cas  is quiet for a long time. Dean feels himself drifting from where his  head is back against the wall, his body spread out on the bed, knee  aimlessly bumping into Cas' every once in a while. The contact always  fills him with a content heat that Dean probably would have minded if he  were sober, but he's not, so he doesn't worry. He's quiet for so long  that Dean almost thinks that he's fallen asleep or is simply choosing to  ignore Dean–it wouldn't be the first time, either; Dean says stupid  things when he's drunk."What do you think about mythology, Dean?" He asks.Dean opens his eyes into slits, and stars at the outline of Cas' profile in the dim light of Dean's–their–room. "What?""Mythology,"  he clarifies. "What do you think about it? Do you think there's any  truth to it, or do you think it's all purely fictional?"Dean  thinks for a long time, and when he finally looks up, Cas is still  looking at him. "I think there's a truth to everything," he stumbles  over his words slightly, but he knows Cas understands.Castiel always understands."Even with something as broad as mythology?"Dean nods. "Of course," he replies. "Especially when it comes to mythology."Castiel smiles at him, and Dean wishes he was sober enough to actually see it. "That's why I decided to major in it."Dean shoots him a confused look. "You chose to major in it because of what I think?"He  actually breathes out a laugh at that, and shakes his head. "No, Dean,"  he says. "Because I think there's a truth to it, and I think it wants  to be discovered."Dean might be drunk, but he's pretty sure that  this conversation is one of the most important they've ever had. He  only wishes he was able to appreciate it.*The night before they’re about to leave, they’re sitting on Bobby’s back porch, looking up at the stars.“I’ve never been happier,” Dean says.Cas looks over at him. “Pardon?”“When I’m cooking,” he clarifies. “I can’t really explain it. But it makes me happy like nothing else can.”Castiel smiles at him. “I think you did just fine,” Cas says.They’re  quiet for a long moment, but it’s something that Dean can get used to,  spending quiet moments with Cas, not talking, but instead just  surrounding each other with their company.“What do you want, Dean?”“What do you mean?”Castiel’s eyes get impossibly bluer. “What do you want? What would make you happy?”“I  am happy,” he clarifies, even though they both know it’s a lie. He’s  content at best, and remorseful at worst, but he doesn’t think that’s so  bad when he could be miserable all the time.“What would make  you happy?” Cas repeats, in a ‘if you dodge the question again I will do  something horrible to you in your sleep in retaliation’ sort of tone.Dean  doesn’t answer for a while, simply stares into the side of Castiel’s  face, because he can, because he’s there, and no one’s really asked him  this question before.His life has been a constant flurry of  huge, idiotic little brother who was fussy as a child and was far too  brilliant for his own good. If Dean’s honest with himself, he never  wanted to go to college, but did because he knew if Dean didn’t, then  Sam probably wouldn’t either, and he wants success so bad for Sam that  sometimes it honestly scares him. His father was a good man before the  fire, and an acceptable one after it. He was honest and kind of deadbeat  in a way that makes it impossible for Dean to hate him, no matter how  hard he tries–he can’t hate something that simply fell off the tracks,  that lost sight of life and gave into the pain that was eating him  alive.Dean’s always been there for Sam, through thick and thin,  through screaming matches and bullies that were too rough on a boy that  shone brighter than the sun. Dean came home and fixed him dinner and  cleaned his scratches, helped him with his homework and read him  disgustingly sappy stories that made Sammy smile at him like he was the  only person in the world. Dean would do anything for his brother. Their  relationship might be a little co-dependant but he’s always thought  that’s what made them different from the rest, in the best possible way.He’s  never done anything for himself, even when he was younger. He’d turn  down his father’s offers to take him to ballgames or the local zoo and  told him to take Sam instead, because Dean wasn’t interested much–even  though he was, he really was, but he didn’t find it too important back  then–and it made Sammy giggly and that’s the look Dean liked on his  brother best.“Cooking,” he whispers, finally, so soft that he’s  not sure Castiel hears it. “I like knowing that I’m–it’s stupid, but I  like knowing I might make someone happy, even if it’s only for a moment,  because they’re eating something nice.”“That’s not stupid at  all,” Cas clarifies. “I think it’s great. I think you’re talented and  you deserve to be happy, and if that means dropping out of college and  pursuing your cooking career, then you should do it, Dean.”“Why?” Dean asks.Castiel smiles at him. “Because, you deserve it. You deserve to be happy, Dean.”Dean doesn’t quite believe him, but for a moment, he lets himself and sinks, sinks, sinks.*“Don’t forget to call me,” Sam whispers into his ear, and the fucking prick is spreading tears along his neck.“No chick flick moments, bitch,” Dean says, and they both know it’s the only promise that Dean’s going to give him.Sam  smiles, though it’s wobbly at best; he knows how hard it is for Sam to  watch him go, how hard it is on them both, but Sammy is more selfless  than Dean is, and would never ask him to stay–they both know Dean would  say yes, and they’re both too cautious to even go near the possibility.“Jerk,”  Sam mumbles, and then turns to Cas, who is watching the exchange with a  half smile on his face. “It was very nice to meet you.”Sam  holds out a hand, and surprisingly Cas pulls him in a hug, it’s awkward  and stilted at best but it makes the three of them smile. “You as well,  Sam,” Castiel says, with his eyes crinkling at the corners.Bobby  sighs. “Go on, ya idjits, before I have no choice but to strap ya’ to  the posts here,” he calls out, but Dean knows that he’s just as upset as  Sam is, and can’t help but smile anyway.“He’s not kidding,” Dean tells Cas, who nods in return.“Thank  you for your hospitality, Mr. Singer,” Cas says, because he’s polite  and kind of misguided and doesn’t know that Bobby hates it when stuff  like that comes out of people’s mouths.Instead of getting riled up, he simply slaps Cas on the back and says, “It’s Bobby to you, boy.”And  it doesn’t make sense, but it hits him so tenderly, that Dean almost  falls to the ground with it, knees shaking, but in that moment, watching  Cas interact with the two people that mean everything to him, he  realizes that he’s in love with him. So much that it physically hurts.*Dean doesn’t have some big chaotic epiphany.He  doesn’t freak out or panic or go into attack mode. He simply looks over  at Cas, when they’re caught somewhere between Iowa and Indiana, and  smiles, radiant and so very honest, that it ends up shocking them both.“Hey, Cas?”“Mmmm?”“I’m  in love with you,” he says, because he’s never been in love before  this, but it feels pretty damn great, and the fact that he can feel this  good when he’s simply just riding in a car with his best friend, is  pretty fucking damn nice.Cas looks up at him with shock, either  because Dean’s finally honest with his feelings, or at the fact that he  even has those feelings to begin with. He almost thinks he screwed up,  that maybe somewhere between spending too much time with Dean and his  crazy, splintered family that he somehow fell out of love with him, but  then Cas grins at him. He grins at him broad and pretty and the hand  that encloses over his is warm with promise.Cas doesn’t say  anything back; he doesn’t have to, doesn’t need to, because his smile  says it all and Dean knows they’ll be okay.He’s never been so sure about anything in his life.*
Dean finally kisses Castiel back on a Monday.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



