



Welcome Home - vestals - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Welcome Home
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16212305.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Marriage Proposal, Fluff, Camping, Min Yoongi | Suga is Bad at Feelings, Bottom Jeon Jungkook, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Daddy Kink, Pseudo-Incest, Depressed Min Yoongi | Suga, POV Min Yoongi | Suga, jungkook and yoongi love each other a lot, lots of... mmmm nature, Min Yoongi | Suga Is Whipped
Series:
Part 3 of
Keep In Line
Stats:

        Published: 2018-10-06
          Completed: 2018-10-11
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 18521
      

Welcome Home
by vestals
Summary
Yoongi isn't sure how long he's loved him. When it turned from something innocent into what it is now, but he wouldn't have it any other way. Yoongi wants nothing but Jungkook and he's going to ask him to marry him, even if he's terrified he'll say no. (Part three of Oscuridad)
Notes
y'all wanted proposal... have some proposal. y'all wanted to know what Yoongi been thinking,,,,, have some yoongi pov. y'all wanted chapters for this instalment, have some chapters. vestals, fanservice god.kidding lmao.but anygays...this instalment is different stylistically not only because I write a little different than when I did in the spring, but also bc its from a different character's pov so I kinda wanted to change the way things like the smut for example are described since ofc a guy in his mid 40s would perceive it differently ! not that I know what it's like to be a 40 year old man. idk is that called the tone? I don't know shit about writing tbh im just kinda herethis is named after welcome home by boyo which tbh rlly reminds me of oscuridad ynkk

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1




There’s something about Jungkook when he gets home from football practice. About the way he spreads out on the couch with a groan, kicks off his Nike’s and rubs his dirty socks over the cushions. And the way he snaps at Yoongi when he tries to massage out the knots in his shoulders and his fingers sink into the wrong bit of flesh. There’s something about the tired look on his face, and dark circles under his eyes, too, that Yoongi loves. 

He loves the reminders of him as well. Loves the red wine stain he left on the bedroom carpet. Loves the t-shirt decorated in blotches of rusty blood that he ended up ruining after trying to pick up a broken plate. Not to mention the burn on the hardwood floor of the patio from when he’d let his joint fall out of the ashtray by accident. 

Love, Yoongi has learned in his seemingly infinite years of being, is most certainly a choice. A choice that’s oftentimes near impossible to resist making, but a choice nonetheless. There are a multitude of instances that led him to this conclusion, many occuring when he was around Jungkook’s age, but he’d only finalised on this theory after what had happened when he was still married to Jiwoo. 

When he’d moved in, he’d lectured Jungkook, however gentle it’d been, to pick up after himself. He’d sigh in annoyance when he forgot to do the dishes, refused to make his bed, and raised his voice at him whenever he broke things throwing his football around. 

Love is a choice, and Yoongi’s decided to make it. Has given in to the things he used to hate and let them turn into something completely different. 

He loves Jungkook and as long as he chooses to marvel in the boyishness, they’ll be happy. Not that he ever plans to stop. 

Which is exactly what’s running through his mind as he watches Jungkook eating dinner. His eyes are glued to the TV and he’s shovelling an obscene amount of lo mein into his mouth, courtesy of the Chinese delivery place down the street. He listens to the sound of him chew, open mouthed and sloppy, and watches as a rather… wet looking piece of broccoli falls to the ground. Which, of course, Jungkook doesn’t even notice, much less pick up. 

Yoongi genuinely doesn’t mind. He doesn’t know how he does it, but somehow, the sight earns absolutely nothing but an endeared smile. He’s so mindless. There’s nothing he really cares about except running around and being with Yoongi and it’s just- pure. Yoongi finds it pure. He needs this after everything he’s seen and done. 

“What are you thinking about pops,” Jungkook asks as he reaches for his can of soda, “I can feel your brain waves from all the way over here.”


That I’m ready to marry you

, he thinks. Not that that’s what he actually says, something more along the lines of, “That the landlords going to kill me for all the stains you’ve left over this apartment.” 

“Your words sound bitter, but your tone is unconvincing,” he finally looks away from the screen, “Also, why are you sitting so far away?”


Because I like to admire you

, his brain chimes unhelpfully. He can’t come up with a better reply, so he just sighs like it’s Jungkook that's forcing him to move and positions himself at the edge of the couch. The younger scarfs down the last bite of his dinner and stretches out, throwing his feet over the edge before plopping his head on Yoongi’s lap. 

They stare at each other for a moment, Jungkook’s eyes wide, like he expects Yoongi to say something. So he does, impulsive as it is, “You know.”

He knows what he’s done has worked, the cocky bastard, so he grins, “Yeah?”

“We love Fall,” god, where is he going with this?

Jungkook seems just as confused, “Well- yeah. I guess we do love Fall, why?” 

“Since we,” his throat feels tight, dry, as if he really is proposing right then and there and not simply organising a possible opportunity to do so. 

Possible

, because he’s the first to admit he’s a coward, especially in the face of love. “Since we hate Winter. And it’s getting cold.”

Jungkook sits up and cocks an eyebrow at him, “You good, dad?”

Fuck, there it is. The unavoidable reminder of exactly what he and Jungkook are- 

were

, he corrects himself. What he and Jungkook used to be. It’s different now, and he can’t chicken out. Not so soon. No, he at least needs to give himself a chance. He clears his throat, “Perfect. A plus. It’s just… well, I have a couple vacation days saved up, and this Thanksgiving is supposed to be especially warm. One last ‘heat wave’ if you will before it gets real cold.” He’s rambling, so he cuts to the chase, “Do you think you could take a day or two off school? Maybe we could get away for a while, unless you were planning on heading to your mother’s, that is.”

Jungkook snorts, as if it’s the most ridiculous thing in the world, “Why in the name of the good lord would I ever go to Jiwoo’s for our 

anniversary

?” 

“Anniversary,” he feels himself mutter, raising a hand to his mouth. He’s smiling, “I guess it is our anniversary.”

Jungkook smacks his lips, unimpressed, then lays back on his lap, “Careful, grandpa, looks like you’re catching a pretty nasty case of dementia.” 

“Jungkook,” he shuts his eyes, “It’s not- you can’t catch… whatever. It doesn’t matter. I guess I was confused about whether or not it was-”

“Last Thanksgiving or the Thanksgiving before that?” 

“Huh,” Yoongi looks down, “Guess we do have a penchant for making shit happen around this time of year.”

He hums, pulling Yoongi’s hand into his hair, “Pet me.”

Who is he to say no?

“So,” he says after a moment, “What do you say about going. You know, camping, or something?”

“Camping, huh?” he grins, “Haven’t done that in forever.”

“Yeah,” Yoongi nods. He doesn’t seem as opposed as a part of him feared he’d be. “We can rent a cabin, hike during the daytime. We won’t go too high into the mountains, but I’m sure we can find something fun to do to pass the time.”

Jungkook turns around, purposefully blowing hot air onto his crotch as he says, “We always do, don’t we?”

“Is that a yes?”

“I think you forget how whipped I really am for you, dad.”

“For the love of God, Jungkook, you need to quit it with the dad thing.”
 
Yoongi’s alone again. In his car during lunch break, halfway through a mediocre tuna sandwich. He’s out here for a reason, but he’s afraid that after he does what he’s planning to do, things will feel a little too real. 

He looks at the time on his cell phone, sighing when he realises he needs to be back inside within ten minutes. 


He’s running out of time to get this sorted. So he selects Taehyung’s contact and brings the phone to his ear. It rings six times, then goes dead. He looks at it, and just as he’s about to dig back into his meal, he gets a call back. This time, it’s him that nearly doesn’t answer. 

“H’lo,” Tae slurs into the phone, voice thick with fatigue, “Whozzis?”

“It’s Yoongi,” he replies, applauding himself for how even he’s able to keep his voice. 

He groans, “Yoongi? Jeez, man, what the fuck are you doing calling me at 

this

 hour?”

“It is nearly one thirty in the afternoon.”

“Yeah, on a Wednesday!” he snaps, “What could you possibly need me for?”

“Okay, Taehyung. I’m telling you this in confidence, do you understand me?”

“Confidence, got it,” he repeats with a yawn, “Are you, like, cheating?”

“No, why the 

fuck

 would I do that?”

He makes a non committal noise, “Cut to the chase, old man.”

“Jungkook and I have been talking over the last few months, and we’re thinking of getting engaged-”

He doesn’t understand how, but he’s interrupted by the other’s silence. The sounds of his breathing, still deep from sleep and that of him shuffling around have gone dead and he’s left to ask, “Uh, Tae?”

“Did you just say what I think you said?”

Yoongi looks to the clock on the dashboard. He really doesn’t have time for Tae’s predictable and equally as dramatic games. “That I’m thinking of hopefully proposing to Jungkook, soon? Yes.”

“Wow… I don’t know what to say,” he breathes, “I mean, he’s talked about it to me, too, but shit. It’s actually gonna happen, huh?”

In a moment of weakness, Yoongi caves and asks, “Do you think he’ll say yes?”

“What kind of question is that?” he snorts, “I don’t think anyone in the world is capable of loving another person the way he loves you. It’s fucking annoying.”

Yoongi knows it’d be stupid to cry over the phone, so he holds himself back. Just barely. Not trusting his voice, he stays quiet until Tae continues, “Did you just call to ask that, or…?”

He shakes his head before remembering he’s on the phone. “No. No, I can’t really seem to find any rings of his around the house and was wondering if you had any idea what his size was.”

Tae thinks for a moment, “Uh. You know what? I think he was half a size larger than me when we ordered our class rings senior year. I remember since we got into this dumb fight about hand and dick sizes-”

“Read the mood, Taehyung,” he looks down at his sandwich in disgust. His future fiance (or so he hopes) having a dick measuring contest with the guy he used to sleep with is not really a mental image he wishes to subject himself to. 

“Right, sorry,” he says, not a hint of remorse in his voice, “Anyways, I’ll find you the ring and send you the size he probably is based on that, yeah?”

He frowns. There’s something in his voice that Yoongi doesn’t quite trust, “Do you want something from me?”

Smugly, he replies, “Just a tiny favour.”. 

“And what could that be, Taehyung?” 
 
“Yeah, it’s a 7.5,” Tae announces as he plops into the passenger's seat of Yoongi’s sedan. “I actually had his instead of mine, so that’s weird. If you see mine anywhere, steal it back.” 

“Steal,” he mutters under his breath as he slides the gear back into drive, “Can you remind me why you absolutely insisted on coming, Taehyung?”

“If you’re that desperate to know-”

“We aren’t even friends. You know me as Jungkook’s dad-”

“Soon to be husband-”

“Stop,” he hisses, trying his best to turn his head away. The thought makes him a little too gooey, something he doesn’t really want to be in front of Taehyung. 

“Right, anyways,” he says, “I’m obviously going to be Jungkook’s best man and you came to me for help, so I get to be involved. But also, I’ve always wanted to do shit like this for him. You know, be involved with his wedding, engagement, all that sappy BS. I suppose one could argue that I’m too young to be dabbling in this sort of thing, but I don’t really see myself getting another chance.”

He gulps, “What does that mean?”

“I think this is it for Jungkook,” he shrugs, looking out the window. His voice sounds softer than it did when he got in the car and he assumes he’s just as uneasy about showing him how affected he is. “Like, I think he’s going to be with you now.”

Yoongi doesn’t know what to say. 

They sit in silence for a while until the younger speaks up once more, “So you said you guys have spoken about this, or?”

“Yep,” he nods, “Came up on Valentine’s actually, right before the… yeah.”

He instantly wishes he hadn’t brought it up. He’s well aware of Tae’s lingering attraction to him and besides, the idea of the kid knowing exactly what he’s like in bed is something he’s still not entirely pleased about. 

Luckily, he brushes it off, “Right, yeah. Who brought it up?”

“Jungkook.”

“And yet you’re still scared he’ll say no?” he can hear the smile in his voice, bordering on condescending. 

He jumps to defend himself, even if he knows that all his fears are are meaningless anxieties, “Well, you know how impulsive he can be.” 

“Fair point,” Tae says, “But you should hear the way he talks about you when you’re not around. I’m pretty sure you’re the only thing he actually thinks about. When he is thinking, that is.”

He doesn’t join Taehyung in laughing, but does smile to himself, satisfied. 
 
“I really think he’d like the platinum,” Taehyung’s wearing a shit eating grin on his face. Yoongi hates it, “Like, feel how heavy it is, Yoongi. Come on.”

“How I miss when you called me Mr. Min,” he grumbles, snatching the plain wedding band out of his hand, “And when you had at least a sliver of respect for me, as your elder.” 

“That flew out the window when my best friend started calling you daddy-”

“

Time and place, Taehyung

,” he spits once more, flashing the woman behind the counter an apologetic look. “I’m going to have to buy the ring at KMart if you don’t watch your mouth.”

“Huh?”

“You’re going to get us kicked out,” he raises his brows pointedly. 

They’re at the nicest jeweler that Yoongi can afford. A little boutique on a relatively quiet street that he feels very much out of place at. The sales lady isn’t at all welcoming, her tone as rigid as her posture and he swears he can feel the doorman glaring at him, like he’s waiting for the right moment to escort them out. He turns his head to look at him, but either he’s turned away, or it’s his anxiety getting the best of him. 

Then, he opens his palm and really inspects it. Granted, he’s not much of a jewelry guy, but he can’t tell the difference from the last one and odds are, neither will Jungkook. Still, for good measure he asks, “What’s the difference, anyways?”

The woman behind the counter falters, as if she can’t tell if what he’s said is supposed to be a joke. “You see, Sir,” she begins, “Platinum is not only much more durable, in the sense that it doesn’t corrode, but it is also significantly purer than silver, by which I mean that the blend has a comparatively heavier amount of platinum as opposed to the other metals usually blended in.”

She seems to have settled on the simple answer after reading Yoongi’s near disinterested look. He tends to do that sometimes, act disinterested when he really does care. He never notices he’s doing it, nor does he do it on purpose, but he’s grown used to the reoccuring look on people’s faces when he’s addressed. However, it does provide enough of an answer for him. If it’s more durable, that’s good, right? It’s an investment, not only symbolically, but physically, too. The longer the ring lasts, the better. 

He looks again at the platinum in his palm, “And this is size 7.5?”

“Yes, everything in the case I’ve shown you is a 7.5, sir.”

He gnaws the inside of his cheek. He supposes that for men at least, all wedding bands look more or less the same, and further, that Jungkook isn’t too likely to wear a big stone on his finger, but still. Still, he wants it to be special, and it… isn’t.

Which the saleswoman, good as she is at her job, must notice. “We do engravings for an additional price of one hundred and twenty dollars per ring, if something of that sort catches your fancy.”

“Holy shit,” Tae says, “Do it.”

He doesn’t even bother cutting him off, just clenches his jaw for a moment before, “Think he’d like it?”

“Do you do engravings on the inside, too?” he asks her. 

“Of course.”

“Do it on the inside,” he says to Yoongi, “So it’ll look chill from an outside perspective, but he’ll know it means more. You know him and keeping up his unbothered facade.”

Yoongi relates to the statement more than he’d like to admit. But what to engrave? He thinks for a moment, back to the jokes they share, the names they call each other around the house. No, too cheesy. He needs something timeless. That, and engraving ‘daddy’ on an engagement ring doesn’t exactly seem like the best course of action. He has no doubt that that’ll be the last straw for the saleswoman. 

“Would you be able to engrave the twenty sixth of November, 2016, please?”

Taehyung boos, “Your anniversary, really? Is it ametuer hour?”

“I’m going to make sure you aren’t invited to the wedding if you say one more stupid thing, Taehyung.”

The saleswoman, who has been expert at ignoring Tae’s crude remarks, asks, “On both rings, Sir?”

He nods. 

“Right,” she flashes him a tight-lipped smile, undoubtedly relieved their interaction is nearing its end, “If you don’t mind, I’d like you to write out the format in which you’d like the date to be written and then I can ring you up.”

Yoongi feels nothing when she tells him how much he has to pay. He blinks at her, then looks down at the credit card machine. Nope, not a hint of dread and sure, his heart’s beating a little quicker than it should, but it’s because he’s 

excited

. 

He’s excited to see the smile on Jungkook’s face when he gets home, he’s excited for their trip, for the cabin he’s found on AirBnb and is most certainly excited about the prospect of making things real.

It’d been hard to comprehend at first. Why he didn’t feel the numbness he thought was a staple of his being when he spent time with Jungkook. Why, when Jungkook smiled at him, he felt himself light up inside. How the younger had come to possess the ability to throw this rose-tinted filter over his world the second he entered his mind. 

He still doesn’t truly understand it, but it no longer surprises him. So, he lets himself smile when he enters his PIN and takes the receipt in his hand. 

“Come back around lunch tomorrow,” she says, “Your rings will be ready by then. Have a lovely day, Sir.”

“You too,” he and Tae call in unison. 
 
The rings are heavy in his pocket as he packs for their trip. Jungkook claims to have emailed his professors with some sort of reasonable explanation to why he isn’t going to attend his Monday and Tuesday classes, but Yoongi knows him well enough to recognise when he’s lying. Not that he really cares. 

Jungkook can ditch whatever he wants if it means he gets to watch him muck about in the woods. He has a feeling they’ll both enjoy themselves and besides, he’s proud of himself for saving most of the money he’d made during the months that Jungkook hadn’t been around. There’d been nothing to spend it on, anyways. No one to buy meals for, no one drinking all his beer or asking to ‘borrow’ money for ‘school supplies’. 

And, yes, he knows the drain on his disposable income should piss him off, and that if Jungkook really needs pocket money, he should tell him to get a job, but he genuinely doesn’t mind. Whatever keeps Jungkook happy, he’ll think to himself as he pulls a twenty out of his pocket and throws it his way. 

His hands shake as he slips the little velvet box into the front of his backpack. He hides it by stuffing a t-shirt and a pair of boxers on top of it, not that he thinks Jungkook will try and find it, anyways. The kid’s in his own head more times than not, not really the type to go through another person’s belongings without clear intent. Of which he has absolutely none. The trip is supposed to be the highlight of Thanksgiving, he’d be surprised if Jungkook thought any different. 

He can hear him now, snoring on the living room couch. He’s fallen asleep watching TV again, something that seems to be commonplace in the face of football season. Yoongi wishes he could carry him upstairs himself, tuck him in without waking him, but he can’t. Jungkook’s seems to grow bigger by the day and though Yoongi basks in the transformation, he’ll admit it hurts his pride just the slightest. 

He’ll also admit to being selfish. Which is why, once he’s finished packing his and Jungkook’s things (he’s probably going to be in no mood to do it himself tomorrow), he makes his way down to bring him to bed, not that he’ll remember a thing. No, he’ll wake up disgruntled but pleased and Yoongi will smile down at the disoriented look on his face. 

Then, he’ll hit snooze and kiss him til his alarm goes off once more.
 



Day One
Chapter Notes
also id just like to say thank you for all the support on this, oscuridad is one of my fave aus to write so I dont think any of you get how happy I am to be able to share it with people who like it just as much !!!! thank you so much for all the comments in such a short time as a small writer its super exciting to see!im going to try and upload every day until its all posted except maybe Tuesday bc im seeing my babies live shhhhhh!1onio3dn2eojf2 !!!! well my laptop is also half broken so that might slow things down but yeah....

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“What’s up?” Jungkook asks. They’re halfway into the drive and he’s just woken up from his nap, hungry as ever.Yoongi hadn’t said much, just told him that they’d stop at the next McDonald’s they came across before falling silent once more. Which Jungkook had seemed alright with while he was still in the process of waking up, but is suddenly no longer satisfied with.“Nothing,” he lies.“Nothing, huh?” Jungkook purs, “Getting bored?”He isn’t, not at all. Instead, he’s panicking because he has absolutely no idea what he’s going to say when he proposes. He actually would never have thought of it, ironic as that is for a man so recently married, unless Tae’d brought it up on his way to drop him back at the dorms.
(“How’re you gonna pop the question?” he asks after a particularly obnoxious smack of his bubblegum, “Got a speech prepared or something?”

“Fuck,” he mutters under his breath.

“Are you cursing because you missed the exit or because you have nothing planned?”

He looks over his shoulder and curses again.

“So the second thing, huh?” Tae nods, “I think we both know that you could toss the ring in Jungkook’s general direction and tell him to catch and he’d love it. Kid’s weirdly easy to please when it comes to you- which you take for granted-”

“You’re forgetting all the years we weren’t in love,” he grumbles, “Trust me, I know how difficult he can be.”

“Totally besides the point. What I’m trying to say is don’t sweat it.”

He huffs at the ridiculousness of the suggestion as he swings a u-turn, “You try proposing to the love of your life and tell me if it’s really nothing worth sweating over.”

Tae coos, “The love of your life?”

“I’ll leave you on the side of the road, Taehyung, don’t test me.”)
But Jungkook can’t know about any of that, not for now. “Eh, not too bored. Why, you wanna take over?”He feels a hand on the inside of his leg, “No, you can keep driving.”“Jungkook, you know how I feel about road-head-”“Yeah, that you pretend not to like it.”He’s right. He does like it, and a little too much, can never concentrate on anything when Jungkook’s got his mouth around him. It makes driving impossible and call him crazy, but he really doesn’t think crashing his car is worth getting a little action.His hand creeps further upwards, “Daddy my mouth feels so  empty .”Oh no.He doesn’t realise he’s said it outloud until Jungkook replies, “Oh yes, daddy, come on please? Let me suck your cock, thank you for taking me on such a nice trip.”Yoongi’s barely listening. Jungkook’s lips are grazing the shell of his ear, and the hand not palming at his cock is rubbing circles into his bicep. He scans the road and upon processing that it’s nearly empty, says, “You’re going to be the death of me. Very literally.”Jungkook licks a stripe up his neck and he groans, involuntary, but loud enough to drown out the radio.“Daddy, please? I’ll be good for the rest of the day, promise.”It’s over before it even begins. Yoongi’s half hard under his touch and he hears himself saying, “Okay, only since you’re daddy’s best boy, alright?”Jungkook preens and he dies inside. He turns his head to meet his eyes, just for a moment, and he already looks absolutely ecstatic. He’s so beautifully responsive to praise, melts the second he hears a pet name and it’s probably one of Yoongi’s favourite things about him.He has to fight himself not to look down when Jungkook undoes his pants and his cock springs free. He knows just how to stroke his ego, moaning at the sight like he hasn’t seen it a million times before and making some needless comment about how big it is.Which it’s not. It’s average and at this point, Yoongi really has no idea if Jungkook has genuinely convinced himself it is. He sure acts like it, humming something about how good daddy stretches his throat before taking the head in his mouth.He slides to the base with no qualms and it’s that that nearly has him swerving off the road, just as he knew he would. He’s well aware that this is a terrible idea, but each time he looks down to Jungkook, staring up at him with wide eyes, he finds himself saying something along the lines of, “So good, baby, know just how to make daddy feel perfect,” instead of, “Hey, we should probably stop.”He pulls over instead, and when Jungkook pulls off to give him a disappointed look, he says, “Wanna concentrate on you.”Which seems to please him, his satisfaction amplified when he feels Yoongi’s fingers threading through his hair. He stares at Jungkook, speechless as he plants kisses up and down his length and digs his tongue into the slit, waiting for more encouragement. Which Yoongi has to force out of himself, brain turning to mush at the sight before him.“Good boy,” he hears himself say, “Daddy’s good boy, feels good sucking my cock, huh?”“Amazing,” he hums against it, making the elder’s hips kick, “Taste so amazing, daddy, wish you’d fuck my throat.”But he likes this better and push comes to shove, it is him that’s in charge. Yoongi is selfish. So he says, “Gotta earn it, baby. Show daddy how well you can get him off and he’ll fuck your throat til you can’t talk later, alright?”Jungkook’s lashes flutter, long and dark. He’s got a hand down his pants, undoubtedly getting himself off, but Yoongi doesn’t care enough to interject. Besides, there’s something about the way Jungkook sucks dick when he feels just as good. His ministrations grow sloppier, and his moans even louder around Yoongi’s cock, chokes, even, if he’s really lost to it.Which he must be because his back soon bows and he pulls off to gasp for air, thick line of drool connecting his swollen bottom lip to the throbbing head of Yoongi’s cock. He cums at the sight of Jungkook’s bloodshot eyes and his mouth, still wide open.“Oh, baby,” he groans, watching a rope of it fly right past Jungkook’s lips before another catches his chin and drips down his neck, “Jesus Christ.”Jungkook collects it on his finger before pushing it into his mouth and sucking it clean, prompting Yoongi to pull him into a kiss, “Let daddy make you feel good, yeah?”He can tell how close Jungkook is to cumming based on the broken noise he makes when he wraps his fingers around him. He arches into Yoongi’s touch, moaning “daddy” over and over until he feels him release over his hand, hot and sticky. Not that it takes much. When it comes to Jungkook, it never does.“I love you,” he pants and what is Yoongi to do but say it back, run his clean hand between his shoulders and press kisses to the crown of his head.The problem of how he plans to propose, however, remains. He watches intently as Jungkook scarfs down his second Big Mac. Listens to the smacking sounds he makes as he chews and follows the spot of ketchup that’s smeared over his cheek. It shouldn’t be endearing, but it is.As is the muffled, “You’re not really talking, promise you’re alright?”“Saving energy for the drive,” he replies, reaching under the table to rub Jungkook’s knee. It’s an awkward angle, but he wants to touch him.He slurps at his soda, “Sure you aren’t going to serial kill me?”At which Yoongi chokes on his spit. “Jungkook. Why on earth would I kill you? I’m in love with you.”Yoongi likes to catch him off guard, watch how he sputters and blushes before trying to play it off as if nothing’s happened. He really is touched by the smallest of demonstrations, he thinks, maybe a more simple proposal would work, after all?But no, he wants Jungkook to remember it. That being said, it’s always possible that something simple would better stand out in his mind-He feels a weight at his side and looks up to realise that Jungkook’s slid into his booth. “Hi, baby.”Jungkook hums, ruining the moment by wiping his ketchup stained face all over Yoongi’s white shirt. He snaps, like he always does, “Jungkook, there are napkins right there, what the hell are you doing?”Of course, it comes out much to harsh for either of their liking, leaving Jungkook to place his burger down and mutter, “Sorry, I didn’t notice.”It’s embarrassing because he always does this, snaps at Jungkook when he’s just trying to mess around. He knows it’s mean but it’s reflex and as much as he tells himself he’s going to try to think before speaking, he can’t quite find it in himself to make it happen.He swallows his pride instead, curling his arm around Jungkook’s shoulder and resting his head against his. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees him smile, though he still says, “Daddy’s being stupid, baby. It’s alright, it always is, isn’t it?”It seems to be more than enough. Jungkook cranes his head to press a kiss to his cheek, “Yeah, always.” The parking lot is empty when they arrive at the start of the trail. It’s only an hour’s walk down the path to find their cabin, supposedly isolated from the others, not that it appears to matter. He’s happier this way, had wanted it to be as private as possible, which is why he’d booked what he had in the first place. This way, he’ll get Jungkook to himself for the next few days without another soul in sight.And sure, he anticipates a little boredom on the younger’s behalf, but if no cell connection means no Taehyung, he’ll listen to him complain.  It’s not that he has anything in particular against him, he just doesn’t… like him. Doesn’t like the way Jungkook acts around him, the way he speaks when they’re together and no matter how much Jungkook tries to convince him that it was he who got Tae into drinking and smoking, not the other way around, he can’t quite find it in himself to believe it.Once they find the cabin, they drop their bags on the porch and go look for somewhere to watch the sunset. It’s Yoongi’s idea, things like this always are, but Jungkook usually seems happy as ever to tag along.“Map says there’s a clearing somewhere around here,” he says, frowning down at it in his hands. “With a little hot spring, the owner recommended it in her emails.”“I admittedly don’t know how to read a map," Jungkook replies, "Or why we need a compass.”Yoongi blinks at him, unsurprised, “Helps us figure out what direction we need to go in, baby. Does it say we’re headed West on your phone?”“Uh-huh,” he nods, “But how does that even work?”“The earth has magnetic poles, which compasses pick up. Tells us which direction is which.” Ah, the generation gap. Jungkook doesn’t give himself enough credit for how open he is to it, always making the effort to ask, even if he doesn’t seem to understand the answer.It’s something Yoongi had beaten himself up over a fair amount before he’d given in, telling himself that there’s no way they could have anything in common, much less be together with it in the way.Except, as usual, he was only looking for excuses to sabotage himself. And maybe save his failing relationship with the wife he hadn’t ever really been sure he loved.That, in the middle of the forest, is when it clicks. The reason he’s all nerves and can’t get his head out of the sand. This proposal is different. This time round, he is in love. Truly and deeply and it’s driving him crazy in a way he doesn’t quite mind.Not that he hadn’t cared about Jiwoo, it was hard not to. After all, she was a kind, open widow with a young son. She was a good person, still is for all he knows and despite fucking her over the way all three of them know he did, he still carries a certain respect for her.He’d wanted to make her happy and give her son a chance to grow up with a father figure. Because he’d wanted the best for them, not because he was in love.And look how that’d turned out.“Yo, I think I found it!” Jungkook’s voice rings out from about thirty metres to the right.Not too bad, he smiles before following the voice, not too bad at all. Sure, they’d been through a lot, he’d broken her heart and shattered the facade of a happy family she thought she had, but now.Now, he has Jungkook.  Who is naked by the time he reaches the clearing, toned back on full display. Yoongi has to remind himself not to be a creepy old man and tear his eyes away.“Jesus, Kook,” he forces himself to sound stern, “It’s November, it’s cold. And besides, there are ticks in the woods. You’re gonna get sick.”Jungkook turns around and Yoongi gulps.“Dad, it’s literally like… sixty out, which is why we’re here. Also, you should get naked, too.”“Why on earth would I strip down in the woods?”He cocks a brow, well aware of what exactly has Yoongi so flustered, “Because we’re at a hot spring maybe? And I wanna get in with you?”Right, of course. That makes sense. Watching the sunset in the hot spring, that’s why they’re here. Easy to forget when Jungkook looks the way he does, when his eyes hold that mischievous glint he loves so much, and his hands are popping each button of his shirt, one by one. He can’t help himself, dipping in to kiss him, but Jungkook turns away.“We’re gonna miss the sunset you so desperately wanted to see.”They both know Jungkook wants to see it, too, but won’t ever admit it. No, he needs to keep up the guise of being a cool college kid, which, thankfully, Yoongi doesn’t have. If he still did, they’d probably do a lot more sitting around.He breathes, “Right, yeah,” nonetheless as he watches him work off the rest of his clothes.The water isn’t as hot as he’d expected, regardless of the steam he’d seen rising off it. He feels each muscle relax as he sinks in, Jungkook a pace ahead. He watches him get on his knees and let it run up to his neck before turning around and beckoning him further, just in time for the reddening sun to begin to dip behind the trees.When he reaches him, he presses himself up against his back, planting his nose in his hair and taking a deep breath in. It’s the same shampoo he’s always used, but it smells sweeter these days.Jungkook melts under his touch, wiggling around to fit their bodies closer together.“I love you more than anything, you know that, right?” he says into him just as Jungkook falls limp in him arms. “I love you so much, baby, more than life itself.”“I love you, too,” he finally says, voice trembling.“You alright?”He hears Jungkook sniffle and plants a kiss on his cheek.He whimpers, “I just…. know you love me. I can see that you love me because you’re taking me on this vacation that you have all planned out and it’s- Yoongi, it’s so beautiful.”Just as he says it, the sun disappears, leaving the sky a light shade of purple. He twists around in Yoongi’s arms and the elder feels his heart swell. “You really like it?”“Oh god, I love it,” he shoves Yoongi’s face away, “Don’t look at me.”He chuckles, “And why’s that?”“Because I’m  embarrassed ,” he pouts.“You’ve cried in front of me before though, no?”“Yeah, but I-“ he shakes his head, “I don’t know. I was in love with you before but now I..?”Yoongi scans his face as he shakes his head, the action causing a tear to fall from his eye. He wipes it off and Jungkook’s mouth parts, as if he genuinely has no clue what to do with himself.“What is it, baby?”“It feels different now-nowadays,” he’s crying ever so slightly, leading Yoongi to tighten his grip on his waist, “I d-don’t even know how to put it into words. It’s just whenever I’m with you, when I get to be alone with you, I’m so happy. Yoongi you make me so  happy .”“Me too,” he feels stupid, but it’s all he can find it in himself to say. He’s supposed to be the adult, old and wise and full of explanations. Hell, before Jungkook turned from part of his life into just about all of it, he’d been under the impression he wasn’t too sorry of an excuse for one.But then he’s faced with times like this and he’s reminded of what he really is, a kid in an adults body. Which, sure, isn’t that uncommon according to google, but it feels different. Not like he’s youthful, but as if he’d been frozen at the age of twenty four, left to watch the years fly by before him with no way to keep up. He’s forgotten what it’s like to grow, which is why he assumes he hadn’t realised for such a long time. Sure, he supposes that in a way, the experiences he’s had, all that he’s gone through have added to who he is in some way or another, but- but what?He isn’t sure he cares anymore. Never really bothers to question himself when he’s with Jungkook because if Jungkook doesn’t care, why should he?“You mean the world to me,” he isn’t sure who says it, but then they’re kissing, slow and deep, like they’re trying to get across a point they can’t quite put into words.Jungkook backs him into shallower water and pushes him into a sitting position so he can crawl into his lap, lips trailing their way down his neck to nip and bruise. Yoongi doesn’t think he’s ever felt so at ease. Like the world is all theirs. Like they’re the only people who exist and that this is their eternity.He opens his mouth, thinks that now might be the best time to ask the question, but he’s speechless and besides, he’s left the ring back at the cabin with the rest of their belongings.Less importantly, the feeling of Jungkook licking back into him is something he isn’t quite ready to pull away from. It’s rare that he doesn’t get hard, since, unlike himself, Jungkook is young and virile as can be and if anything, the idea of just how reactive he is turns Yoongi on even more.That being said, it is refreshing when it’s like this instead. Slow kisses, hands that wander, but not greedily, and the breathy, satisfied sighs he always lets into his mouth.He tastes good, of the spearmint Orbit he likes to chew and Yoongi loses himself in it.“Why is your heart beating so hard?” Jungkook asks between kisses, but Yoongi ignores him, doesn’t want to ruin the surprise, no matter how shortly it is to come.He’s not nervous anymore. Jungkook is holding onto him like he absolutely positively needs him to survive, his grip ringing truer than his words. Not that Yoongi has ever doubted them.“If you squeeze me any harder I think I’ll break,” he says regretfully.Jungkook laughs into his mouth, a soft noise followed by a final peck to his lips before he pulls away. “Somehow don’t think you’d mind too much.”He hums in agreement, “There certainly are worse ways to go.”It’s dark now, leading them to stumble back to the cabin, clothes bunched beneath their arms as they shiver from the cold. It’s funny, watching a naked Jungkook scamper through the woods, hissing when he steps in some kind of animal shit and yells a rather angsty, “Fuck!”“I’ll let you shower first,” he giggles behind him.“If we ever get home, that is.” Thankfully, they make it. Jungkook tries to coax him into the shower, but he’s too hungry to fool around and opts to head to the little kitchenette to start dinner instead.The cabin is decent. Wooden, with a front porch, light, electricity that comes from a generator out back, and running water. It’s even got a fridge that appears to work and though as a whole, it’s sparsely decorated and the outside is a little daunting, Yoongi decides he likes it.He fishes out the steak he’d bought and oils the frying pan, hands hovering above it to try and absorb some of the heat. It’s colder at night, and though he’s just switched on the heater, it appears to only be working at half capacity. Though he can’t say that’s the end of the world. The chillier the room is tonight, the tighter Jungkook will hold him and he has absolutely no problem with that.“I’m so hungry I could eat a cow,” Jungkook gripes, snapping him out of his trace. He rests his head against Yoongi’s and wraps his arms around his waist, “Also it’s like… Antarctica in here.”“Luckily for you, I’m making some,” he smiles down at the stove, “And I packed a fleece for you in your bag, the UC Boulder one. Go find it.”He yawns, “Kay. Want anything out of yours?”He almost says he wouldn’t mind another layer himself before he remembers how crucial it is that Jungkook doesn’t go through his stuff. “It’s okay, gonna shower anyways.”His lip curls at the sudden coldness when Jungkook steps away and he can’t help but twist around to watch after him. It’s stupid, but there’s something about the way he moves. His (bad) posture, his red hands, balled up by his sides, and the way his wet hair bounces with every step. It shouldn’t be interesting- hell, it’s the farthest thing from, but there’s something about it.“I can feel you staring at me,” he calls, but Yoongi gives him nothing but a noncommittal grunt in return.Though Jungkook has no issue, however much he likes to complain. They both remember the days Yoongi felt the need to sneak his looks all too well and it drove both of them crazy.He kisses him when he gets back, nothing too heated, but it’s welcomed nonetheless. Then, “I can take over dinner while you shower.”“Eh, I’ll do it after.”“You smell like a swamp.”Yoongi chuckles, “Wow babe, sure know how to make a man feel good.”Jungkook shrugs, “Not like you don’t all but throw me in the shower after practice.”“I wish I could,” are his parting words, “I don’t think I could lift you up if my life depended on it.” Yoongi doesn’t understand how on Earth Jungkook falls right to sleep after his nap earlier in the day, but he does.It’s too early for him, however, and he finds himself staring out the window, into the night. The woods are loud, almost deafeningly so, from the wind whistling through the trees to the various species of insects and animals that haven’t yet gone into hibernation for the winter.He once more turns his eyes back to Jungkook, who has a heavy arm thrown over his stomach. He’s snoring, mouth ajar and as much as Yoongi would love to let the pool of drool soaking into the sleeve of his t-shirt continue to grow, he’s too restless to stay in bed. He doesn’t consider himself to scare too easily, but the woods are by no means settling. He finds himself drawn past the front porch, padding over to the edge of the property and shining his flashlight out into the trees. He can hear an owl, but still jumps when the light catches it’s eyes.He used to do this whenever he went camping. Sneak out after everyone was fast asleep and stare into the darkness. There’s something in him that gravitates towards it. He’s always wanted to drop everything and walk in, deep as he can manage, and disappear. It’s an odd thought to have been having since early childhood, this he knows, but he hadn’t been able to shake it until… well, this is the first time it’s done nothing to beckon him in.Otherwise, he feels the same. The wonder, the longing and mild terror at the unknown. Except this trip, he’s content with stopping at the edge because there’s actually someone to keep him here. He’d never had a particular attachment to his family, to the majority of his friends or his ex wife. At least not one strong enough to keep his feet planted flat on the ground with no desire to move in any direction but back to the cabin.He can no longer hear Jungkook’s snores, but he can imagine them. Can picture the way he drags his eyes open in the middle of the night to fumble for the water on the bedside table, or how he sometimes bumps into the doorframe on the way to the bathroom.At long last, he’s found something worth sticking around for. He turns the flashlight off to bathe himself in total darkness, embracing the creeping feeling running up his spine and the sound of his own heart, all too loud in his ears.Then, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his pack of cigarettes. He lights one, takes a deep breath in, and exhales. Though it’s too dark for his eyes to register the smoke, he knows it’s there, floating up into the night sky. He tries to follow it, but he's met only with clouds. No stars tonight.The discomfort of the dark is beginning to turn to genuine fear, so he gives up, taking one last, long drag of his smoke and tossing it towards the trees before shining his light over it and covering it with dirt and the decomposing leaves that line the ground.Jungkook is under the impression that he’s quit. Which he has, for the most part. He just needs one every now and then when his nerves run a little too high.He sneaks back into the house, thanking god that Jungkook sleeps like the dead as he makes his way into the bathroom to brush his teeth. He’s got a remarkable sense of smell, Yoongi thinks, mind travelling back to the countless number of cigarettes he’d tried to get away with smoking behind his back.On his way back out, he grabs the notepad and pen laying out on the dining room table. He needs to get his speech ready, or at least organise his thoughts to get his point across to Jungkook. Because he isn’t about to try and say he’s the absolute worst with expressing himself, but he tends to freeze up when he’s put on the spot and that’s the last thing he wants. I love you  , he writes. No, too direct an opening. He’s no poet, but he at least wants to sound like he has some idea of what he’s doing. So, he scribbles it out and replaces it with,  I think I’ve loved you for a long time .Better, he nods.
 And I’m not sure when exactly it began, but it’s grown and continues to do so every day that I get to have you. We’ve been th- 
He shakes his head. Hums in frustration.
 We gave up a lot to be together, but now we have each other, and I’m happy. I can’t remember a time I’ve ever been genuinely happy at where I’m at in life. But now I am, and it’s better than I could have ever imagined. I don’t want to change anything, I don’t want to lose anything, namely you. I love you, Jeon Jungkook and- 
He doesn’t realise he’s crying until a tear hits the paper, smearing the black ink. Not that it really matters. His handwriting is near illegible, anyways. He reads it over once, twice and a third time.It’s not as well written as he wants it to be, doesn’t get across nearly enough, but he doesn’t know how to do any better. Isn’t sure which words to use to get across to Jungkook exactly how he feels past the basic, “I love you, you make me happy.”But Jungkook understands, the voice in his head reminds him, he always has, even before he was willing to admit it to himself. Jungkook knows how much he’s flourished in the time they’ve been together, knows how down and out Yoongi’d been when he’d lost him for those excruciating eight months.He wipes his face and casts the notebook to the side. Then, he cranes his head to look into the bedroom window. There’s not a peep out of him, the lights are still off and the window is shut tight. He checks the door, to see that is too.So he lights another cigarette, allowing himself to enjoy it this time. Take slower puffs, let the tobacco clear his mind and ease his muscles. He needs to stop crying, doesn’t quite understand why he can’t.He leans against the porch railing and lets out a deep breath. This time, the smoke is visible, lit by the yellow bulb right above the door.He’s able to wipe the last of his tears by the time it’s reached filter, and he flicks it out towards the trees, this time making no effort to hide it. He knows the younger just as well, has a feeling he won’t notice something so small in the brush.He picks the pad up, pen shaking in his fingers, and writes, -it would make my entire life if you granted me the promise of having you as long as we live. Will you marry me? It’s not perfect, but it’s enough to play off of, hopefully embellish in the heat of the moment.That, and he’s tired at long last, likely from the mental energy he’s spent trying to get his point across.He reads it over a couple more times, then lets out a deep breath, and just for the hell of it, lights a third cigarette. This one's for celebration and though his lower tolerance has him dizzy, he pushes through.He showers once more when he gets inside, trying not only to calm himself down, but to scrub the sweet scent of tobacco from his skin.  



Chapter End Notes
I edited this for an hour and it tried to delete itself but guess who copied that shit before trying to post... lmaoalso I still have no clue how a compass works,,,, what I said was a wild shot in the dark pls dont hate me


Day Two
Chapter Notes
when I was in the midst of writing this fic I was like... this is basically smutless but im now realising that this chapter begins and ends with smut... so....

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




He wakes to Jungkook riding him. It’s not the first time this has happened, nor will it be the last (so he hopes) but it’s quite the start to his morning nonetheless.He raises a hand to squeeze Jungkook’s waist, still too out of it to make any sort of verbal reply. It seems to be enough for him, prompting a rather loud moan, one that, if they were at the flat, Yoongi would have scolded him for.Hell, he nearly does until he remembers that they’re all alone and the only things Jungkook could be bothering are the animals.It’s early. He can tell by the pale morning light filtering through the white curtains onto Jungkook’s tan skin and he finds himself unable to think of anything other than how beautiful he looks.He basks in the sight of his matted bangs and pretty, pink cock curled against his stomach, absently moving to trail his hands down his thighs, which are tensed from his ministrations.“Daddy,” he moans, a useless expression that expects no response. He knows how low functioning Yoongi can be first thing in the morning.Still, he hums up at him, does what he can to smile and Jungkook squeaks in satisfaction, crashing down into his chest to nuzzle into his neck.“Thought you were never gonna wake up,” he pants, “Took forever.”Yoongi appreciates his efforts, he really does, so he readjusts the younger’s legs and grips each cheek before he starts to buck up into him.“Oh, so good,” Jungkook groans, “Daddy, right there, please.”The reaction ignites something in Yoongi. When does it ever not? It’s this warmth in his chest, flowing down to his legs, out to his arms and into his head. Jungkook, he thinks for the millionth time, is the love of his life, and the idea that he gets to have him and hopefully after this weekend, keep him for life is near incomprehensible.He flips them over, hoisting one of his knees over his shoulder and bottoming out. He’s awake enough to want control back, and besides, it’s easier to kiss him like this and that’s all he wants to do.Jungkook seems to be thinking something along the same lines, meeting him halfway and curling his fingers in the back of his hair. It’s muscle memory, should be monotonous, but it never is. Especially when he’s letting these breathy hiccups into his mouth.  Eventually, he moves down to his neck, kissing over the purple bruises before sucking a fading one. He knows it’s going to make Jungkook cum and it does, hot and untouched between them.He listens to the way he cries out when he’s pushed into overstimulation, leaning back to gauge the wrecked look on his face and letting it drive him over the edge, too.They moan in unison when Yoongi fills him up, his final few thrusts slick with the slide of his spunk.After a moment, he pulls out and flops down beside him, his still tired mind barely registering the way Jungkook winces.“What time is it?” Yoongi finally croaks, voice hoarse from sleep and the smokes he’d indulged in the night before.“It’s probably almost nine now,” he hums, “Sorry, I woke up early and I wasn’t gonna get you up with me, but I got bored.”Yoongi snorts, “I’m not complaining. Better to get an early start anyways if we're gonna try and make our way down to the waterfall.” The ring weighs heavy in Yoongi’s pocket as they set off on the trail. He isn’t sure if today is the day, if the waterfall will be beautiful enough and he’ll have the balls to pop the question, but he figures it’s worth a try. He’s decided, however unwise it may be, to lug it around with him until he proposes. He doesn’t want to give himself the chance to make excuses and proposing without the ring is a pretty reasonable obstacle to put in his own way.It’s nice, the hike is. It’s mostly downhill on the way there, and though it’s much to cold to swim, it’s still supposedly worth seeing.They’d made sandwiches with the leftover steak from last night, nothing fancy, but it’ll do the trick before they have to make their way back.“Why’d you make the trip the first few days of the week?” Jungkook asks. They’re about fourty-five minutes in, all of them spent in comfortable silence. It’s worth it, gives them the opportunity to let the scenery soak in. Boulder seems more like LA out here, overcrowded and smoggy with a few too many people. Yoongi wonders, after all this time in the overdeveloped town he calls home, if he doesn’t have culture shock. Jungkook sure seems too, head darting left and right as if he can’t comprehend the vastness before him.This is what Yoongi wanted to see, loves his eyes when they’re wide in wonder as well as his mouth, which is parted ever so slightly as he fights to even his breath.They’re going faster than Yoongi would like, but at least it’s downhill. Manageable for the time being, he supposes.“The cabin was cheaper,” he lies. He’d really just wanted a long weekend back home, deciding that if he had the opportunity to get the best of both worlds, he was certainly going to take it. That way, they can hole up inside and order takeout for just about every meal the way Jungkook loves. That, and if he says yes, Yoongi wants to take him out somewhere nice to eat.It’ll be the last of his money for a couple months, but at least they aren’t planning to get married for a few years. Jungkook’s suggestion being the end of college. It feels terrifyingly soon to Yoongi, but in the best way possible, and who knows, maybe he will end up giving him what he wants.When does he ever not?“Well,” Jungkook says predictably, “At least well have a couple days to lay around before we’re back to work, huh?”The look on his face says he doesn’t quite understand why Yoongi chuckles at his response. Global warming, Yoongi decides, actually isn’t that bad. Or I mean he knows that’s a bold statement, but it at least makes hiking easier. The one thing he hadn’t been a fan of were the bugs, the biting mosquitoes and the gnats that always swarmed him the second he stepped outside. Now, they’re dead for the winter and he’s able to enjoy the warmth of the sun filtering through the trees and the uncharacteristically warm weather.And Jungkook, who has pulled off his fleece and tossed it back for Yoongi to put in his bag, leaving him in an old muscle tee.He’s let himself trail behind, not only because his right knee is finally starting to ache like he’s been anticipating, but to watch. Jungkook’s calves are toned, as are his arms and shoulders and it’s interesting to watch the way they ripple with each movement. Or it is to him, at least.He’s sweating, too, the way he always does and Yoongi finds himself fixated on the droplets of it rolling down the back of his neck. He still feels odd looking sometimes, shocked every now and then by just how young Jungkook looks. Sure, he’s no longer a kid, but he’s still a good two decades behind Yoongi, and the differences are painfully clear.Every now and then, when he’s in the process of tearing himself down, he lets it bother him. The age gap, the fact that Jungkook will outlive him unless something hurts him first, and the obligation the younger will take upon himself to care for him once he’s too old to do it himself.Sometimes, it feels like it’s approaching too rapidly. Like the next thirty years are going to fly by the way the past two already have. It terrifies him, because his intention isn’t to back Jungkook into a corner, but he knows that the younger will insist on caring for him and the last thing he wants is to make him suffer. To no longer be able to give him what he can now.“What’s Google Maps say?” Jungkook asks rather dumbly, snapping him out of his train of thought.“Google-” he frowns, “Jungkook, it’s just a normal map.”He looks down at the large sheet of paper in Yoongi’s hands and smirks, “Yeah, guess it is.”He ignores this, crouching down to pinpoint where exactly they are, “Shouldn’t be too far now,” he says, “One more turn and we’ll be heading straight for it.”“Good, I’m ravenous.” He almost thinks they aren’t going to find it until they do. And once he does, he can’t wrap his mind around how they could have missed it. It’s audible before it comes into sight, the roar of the unimaginable volume of water toppling from above drowning out even the songs of the birds.It’s cooler nearby, too, not that Yoongi’s complaining. No, because Jungkook scampers back to his side and curls into him, a less practical solution to putting his fleece back on, but a cozy one nonetheless.“Shit,” he mutters when it finally comes into view, nostrils flaring in what almost looks like intimidation.Yoongi, for once, doesn’t have it in himself to look to Jungkook, just as taken as the younger. “Cool, right?”“Yeah, I,” he shakes his head, “I kinda just agreed to come to this thing because you wanted to… but. Yeah.”“We should come back in the summer, it’d be great to swim in, no?”Jungkook hums. Then, after what seems like a second of deliberation, “Well it’s not-”“I didn’t plan a romantic getaway for you to catch pneumonia on the first day.”“Points have been made,” he agrees rather begrudgingly, taking one last, longing look at the water before sliding his hand down from where it’s planted on his bicep to intertwine fingers, “I see a rock. Let’s go eat before I die of exhaustion.”Jungkook watches it as he eats with a childlike wonder in his eyes until Yoongi asks, “Never seen one of these before?”He’s quiet for a second, “My dad took us to Niagara falls when I was five. Haven’t since.”Yoongi isn’t sure what to say. While (trash) talking Jiwoo is considered acceptable in their household, the topic of Jungkook’s real father is awkward.In fact, this is one of the first times he’s ever brought him up. It hadn’t been taboo when they’d been living with his mom per say, but it’d been swept under the rug. A memory that neither of them had really wanted to relive. Which, according to Yoongi, is why she pushed him to act like Jungkook’s real father. A replacement, so they no longer had to worry about what it was that they’d lost.However, Yoongi’d been a poor excuse for one. Jungkook’s father never would have done the things he did and it’s this knowledge that’s created a permanent pit in his chest. He wishes he could have been two people at once, doesn’t want to have Jungkook any other way, but knows he’s probably fucked him up for life. Or that’s what he likes to tell himself at least.Which is why, upon his confession, he feels a wave of guilt wash over him. He’s suddenly awkward, feels sick at the idea of proposing to his son, even if he knows in the back of his mind he’ll be alright by the end of the day.Still, the paralysing reality of what he’s considering, the sharp corner of the velvet box against his thigh and the look of sorrow on Jungkook’s face push him into putting it off.He knows he needs to put his arm around him, coax him back into laughing with him, but it feels wrong right now. He can’t help but think that maybe Jungkook compares them, too. Considering the circumstances, Yoongi thinks it'd be hard not to.He knows it’s been an awkward amount of time since his confession, so he gives in and moves closer, taking Jungkook’s hand in his own.“I know what you’re thinking,” Jungkook says as soon as they touch, “And it isn’t like that.”He gulps, “What do you mean?”“I don’t…,” he shakes his head, as if he’s trying to figure out how to put his sentence together, “I don’t see you as a father figure the same way I saw him.”Yoongi is silent, turning his eyes back to the waterfall.“I told you you’re like a father to me and I meant it, but it’s different. How I see him versus how I see you. You didn’t replace him. Mom wanted that, but I never did… I still don’t. I see you get weird about it and I don’t know how to describe the difference or comfort you. But- but just trust me, alright? It’s okay.”“I never wanted to be him, didn’t think it was right,” he starts slowly, “Jiwoo implied you needed it and I believed you deserved it. A dad, I mean.”“Yeah, and you are my dad. Just- just a different dad. I don’t know what I’m saying.”He thinks for a minute he’s done and then he says, “Like the same way when we have kids, they’re gonna have two dads. And we’re gonna be different dads-”Yoongi finally finds it in himself to look at him, “Wait, what?”“Yeah…?” he shakes his head a little, as if he doesn’t understand why Yoongi’s taken so off-guard. “I mean, neither of us is going to be a mother, I don’t think, no?”“You want kids?”“Well, not now, but in general.”Yoongi feels like he’s walking on glass, Jungkook switched from one sensitive subject to the next, “Don’t you hate kids?”“I wouldn’t hate our kids. The same way I don’t like cats, but I like Tae’s.”“Your friend’s cat and your own child are two very different things, Jungkook.”He continues on as if he hadn’t heard his reply. It’s strange how quickly he can steer his mind from his father and Yoongi wonders if he really does want to talk about kids, or he’s trying to distract himself.“We’ll have two. We could get a couple donors once I’m settled into my career and give them matching names.”“You’ve been thinking about this, huh?”“You’d be surprised how boring Chemistry is,” he snorts, “Plus, why wait to think about things later. Better to get your head wrapped around what you really want early on so you can finalise what you want when the time comes.”Yoongi scans his eyes, blinks once or twice before he feels a smile creep at the corners of his mouth.“What?” he scoffs, “Think I’m joking, cause I’m not. Kids are part of the grand Yoonkook plan, right after getting married and-”“No,” he says quickly, “No, it’s just. You’re growing up.”The words have no impact on the younger, who just rolls his eyes and says, “Dad, I have to listen to you say that every day.”“Not every day-”“Every. Single. Day,” he emphasises each word by widening his eyes.“O-Okay, maybe I do,” he stutters, “But that’s usually over little things. I’ve just. Your thought pattern, it’s maturing and I’m… really proud of you.”“Stop,” he whacks his shoulder, “But also, please continue.”“You never think before you speak or act and I love that about you, still do. But seeing you make long term plans. And,” should he bring it up again? “And you always seem to shy away from. You know, speaking about your father.”Suddenly, he’s flustered, as if he’d expected the compliments to be shallow, “I guess…”“Really,” he says, “And I know I reacted weirdly at first, but I suppose it just kind of taken aback. The suddenness. If you want to discuss it more, get anything off your chest, you know I’m here right?”“Of course,” he plants a kiss on his cheek, refreshingly chaste, “I don’t think I’d want to have your kids if I thought you were emotionally unavailable.”Yoongi hums, leaning into his touch.“And by the way, I think you’d be a phenomenal dad. What am I saying? You are a phenomenal dad.”There’s something in Jungkook’s eyes that he could swear is pleading him to propose, as if he somehow knows and he’s trying to silently urge him on. But Yoongi’s frozen, and besides, it must be imagination, right? Him projecting his own thoughts into the younger?Instead, he cups his cheek with a large hand and leans in to connect their lips. Jungkook’s, as always, are warm and just the slightest bit chapped, and though Yoongi feels odd kissing him, he can’t think of much else to do.As a compromise to himself, when Jungkook tries to push him down onto the rock to straddle him, he pulls away, “Better get back before it’s dark, baby. What do you think?”“Wouldn’t it have been cool to get your dick sucked in front of a waterfall?""Jungkook-"He pouts, "C’mon, daddy, I’m still all stretched out from this morning.”Though Yoongi can come up with a plethora of reasons to give into Jungkook’s demands the way he always does, he laughs it off, planting a final peck to the side of his mouth (one the latter he eagerly chases) before rising to his feet.“We can exchange the blowjobs of a lifetime when we’re home, baby, trust me. The forest is not a place you wish to be lost in after dark.”“Oh the ways your infinite knowledge woos me,” Jungkook says sarcastically. But he’s smiling as he scarfs down the remaining bite of his sandwich and throws their things in the bag. Yoongi, as he should have already expected, is too tired to get it up by the time they arrive at the cabin.It happens sometimes, after a particularly harsh jog, a couple too many beers or, in this case, a solid seven collective hours of hiking. His back is sore, he has a nasty scrape on his shin from god knows what, and the way back had had some pretty steep incline, making him plain old exhausted.Jungkook isn’t in the same boat. And Yoongi wouldn’t have been at his age either, but years of sitting down for hours at a time and general day to day ware have tuckered him out.They’re both hungry again when they get home, so Yoongi warms up the soup, the flavour of which (southwestern style chilli) turns out to be Jungkook’s least favourite. He whines in Yoongi’s ear about taking him shopping next time, something the elder explicitly remembers asking him to do himself, but he just shuts him up by reminding him that they don’t have much of a selection.As expected, he gobbles it down anyways and Yoongi watches, head in hand as he munches his own dinner roll.Jungkook’s on his fourth and Yoongi finds it fascinating. What about it, he isn’t sure, but the younger has somehow managed to turn what should be a rather monotonous activity into something interesting. As usual, he chews with his mouth open and takes big sips of beer to soak into the bread in his mouth and though he’s well aware that both of those habits are disgusting, he’s nothing but intrigued. Which he is by everything the younger does, to a stupid extent really.Sometimes, he wonders if this is all he does. He hasn’t finished a book in ages and though the TV always seems to be on, he couldn’t name a single show on Adult Swim.He’s probably just embarrassingly whipped, of this he’s well aware, but Jungkook doesn’t seem to mind. No, he basks in the attention as he always does, urging Yoongi on. The hot shower he takes after dinner soothes his aching muscles. He isn’t sure if he’s done something specific to his knee, or it’s just age, but it’s a sort of pain he can’t seem to shake. Oh well, he thinks to himself as he towels off. He’ll just have to walk a little slower tomorrow.It’s going to be uphill. They’re climbing a lower peak, the top of which is supposed to give them a gorgeous view of the surrounding valley and though the guidebook had suggested they camp out, Yoongi reckons it’ll be too cold.He that taking action tomorrow, on the cliff, is the best course of action. His hands shake around his toothbrush and though he feels stupid for how terrified he is of what he’s about to do, he knows it makes sense. For him, at least. Yoongi can’t seem to trust a single positive thing that comes his way. Something has to go wrong, right? Jungkook is too good to be true.This statement ends up being further proven when he emerges from the bathroom to find him in a pair of baby blue cheeksters. The first thing he notices is the tiny pink ribbon on them, acting as a sort of frame for the swollen tip of his cock, which has risen above the waistband.He’s been doing… something, the glazed look in his eyes and blush high on his cheeks giving him away.Yoongi finds his voice to be little too dry when he chokes out, “Are you wearing lipstick?”“Guh-gloss,” Jungkook stutters out. And then his back arches something clicks in Yoongi’s mind.“Does baby have a toy inside him?”“Uh-huh,” he’s panting, head rolling to the side to meet Yoongi’s gaze, “Couldn’t wait for you to get out.”“Really?” he cocks an eyebrow, fighting to keep a normal pace as he approaches the bed. Jungkook likes the control he exudes, but sometimes it’s near impossible to maintain. He sits himself down next to him, fingers finding his cheek, “This is the second time today you’ve gotten yourself off without asking daddy, isn’t it?”Jungkook knows he’s right, but he just blinks up at him, cherry pink mouth forming this perfect little pout that he can’t resist kissing. So he does, leaning in excruciatingly slow to lick into Jungkook’s mouth. He jumps to respond, but Yoongi pins his hands above his head and shifts on top of him, wedging a thigh between his.“Nnng,” Jungkook whines, “Daddy, ‘s too much.”“Is it, baby?” he chides, “Don’t you think you deserve to be taught a lesson for sneaking around behind daddy’s back? Hopping on his cock without asking like a greedy little whore?”“Please,” his voice has grown soft enough for Yoongi to register the humming of the vibrator inside him. He thinks he knows which one it is. The silver plug that not only buzzes, but softly shocks as well. Jungkook likes getting edged with it in, enjoys the little jolts that send his ridiculously responsive body into overdrive. One must hit because he gasps and grinds his rock hard cock into Yoongi’s bare leg.“God,” he gasps, “Daddy, please?”“Please?” he mocks, “What are you begging for, kitten?”“Anything. Muh-make me feel good- I don’t care.”He leans back to look at him for a second. It seems like he’s close to cumming, but letting him off so easily would be no fun. Because even though he had convinced himself there was no way he’d be able to get off tonight, his body is telling him he may be wrong.Not that it’s any surprise, Jungkook just does that to him sometimes. Nothing new.He presses another kiss to his parted lips before letting go of his hands and ordering, “Remote.”With shaking hands, Jungkook pulls it from beneath the pillow and hands it to him, moaning in what sounds like an unusual combination of disappointment and relief when he switches it off. He stares up at Yoongi, the look in his eyes making him appear so helpless that the elder can’t help but feel endeared.He knows what effect he has on him, though, wastes no time in reaching out to intertwine fingers, “Daddy, I’m so close, I need you.”“Okay,” he breathes, starting by pressing a soft kiss to Jungkook’s mouth. He doesn’t waste any time to move lower, travelling the very same route he always takes down to his cock. He’s just slower than usual, relishing how riled up the younger already is.Usually, Yoongi doesn’t have this advantage, just as desperate to touch as the Jungkook is himself. Tonight, however, he’s feeling lazy, not to mention a little sadistic. Might as well play games on the rare occasion he has the patience.He presses a little harder into the bruises on his neck and chest before stopping at his nipple and turning his eyes up to meet Jungkook’s half shut ones. He takes it between his teeth, rolling the hardening bud between them before sucking it into his mouth.Jungkook’s cry travels out the open window to echo through the woods and it’s pathetic, the amount of urgency in his voice. Yoongi does what he does best and plays off it, “Is my baby that desperate?”“Daddy, hurts.”“But I’m being so gentle,” he takes the other in his mouth and does the same, “Barely touching you, bunny.”“M-more.”“More of what? Want daddy to bite you harder?”“Noooo,” his voice has taken on a babyish lilt, bordering obnoxious and Yoongi loves it. This is exactly where he wants him, pushed into this headspace where he’s borderline innocent, pliant, eager and needy for Yoongi’s touch.“Then?”Jungkook huffs and grabs at the hand resting on his waist. He knows he’s going to try and bring it to his cock, but Yoongi doesn’t give him the chance, instead snatching it and bringing it back above his head.“Hands on the headboard, kitten. No moving or daddy won’t let you cum til morning.”“B-but-,” Jungkook looks like he’s about to start crying, narrow hips bucking up into his boyfriend.He shakes his head in faux disappointment. He hates to admit it, but he loves the tears, how pretty they make Jungkook look, the twist he feels in his gut whenever he sees them. He wants to make him cry and though it makes him feel the slightest bit guilty, it’s that much more gratifying when they finally fall.“Do you want daddy to punish you like this? Or would you rather wait all night?”He’s done it. Jungkook shakes his head rather violently and one spills over the side, dripping halfway down his cheek before Yoongi licks it off. There’s something about the saltiness on his tongue and the little gasp Jungkook always lets when he does it.“N-need it now, daddy, so bad. I-I’ll anything, I promise.”“Look at you,” he whispers, “What are you crying for, baby? Are you really that hot for daddy’s touch?”He nods, bottom lip trembling, “Thinking about you. In the shower, I was imagining the way you’d fuck me, been too long.”“It’s only been two days, my sweet,” he hums before getting back to work. Jungkook is so pleasantly sensitive everywhere on his body, which makes kissing down the lines of his abs equally as gratifying as anywhere else. He sniffles and jerks and begs for Yoongi to go faster, but he doesn’t listen, well aware of his right to take his time. Jungkook isn’t going anywhere, he never will be and it’s only when he’s in this dominant headspace that he’s able to accept it without a hint of doubt.He swears he hears a, “Fucking finally,” from the younger when he reaches the head of his cock, but he ignores it, trailing his lips over his hip bones to his inner thighs.“Daddy,” it’s loud enough to drown out the sounds of the birds and insects outside, “Daddy, what duh-do you want me to do! Please, fuck, I’ll do anything, wanna cum so bad.”“Daddy wants you to be patient,” he says into him, letting his teeth graze his skin, “Daddy wants you to stop thinking you can do everything yourself when he’s here to make you feel good. Don’t you think it’s rude to hurt daddy’s feelings like that?”He could literally ask Jungkook to transfer to med school in this state of mind and he’d agree wholeheartedly, which is why it’s not surprised when he yelps, “So rude. It was s-so rude. Baby’s so sorry, didn’t wanna hurt daddy’s feelings. Luh-love you so much.”He tries not to smile, “Will you do it again?”“Never, I puh-promise.”“Good boy,” he hums, deciding to give the younger the break he needs and finally peel the panties from his body.He eagerly lifts his hips and Yoongi can’t help himself from trailing his eyes up his long legs to the dip in his waist, perfectly highlighted by the angle at which he’s perched. Once they’re out of the way, he kisses up from his ankle, eyes locked on Jungkook, who looks like he’s trying his best not to complain.His entire cock is flushed deep red, the tip of it nearing purple and upon seeing it, Yoongi knows that once he’s got his mouth around him, it’s over. He doesn’t have to get off today, he thinks to himself, as long as Jungkook feels good, it’ll be alright.That in itself is equally as rewarding, just in a different way.He breathes hot air into his balls first, chuckling at the whimper that escapes Jungkook’s throat. He’s begging, the words devolved to meaningless blabber, but he pretends to ignore it, instead poking his tongue out to lick up his perineum.“God,” Jungkook hisses, cutting himself off with a sob when Yoongi finally trails his tongue up his balls to his cock.He’s holding his own hands, nails digging into his palms as he tries to contain himself. It doesn’t work, however, both of them flying into Yoongi’s hair the second he takes him into his mouth. Not that the elder blames him. He hasn’t teased him like this in ages, and he had already been on the edge with his favourite toy, so he lets him.He lets him cant his hips up too, entire body shaking in pleasure once he’s sunk til the hilt.His precum is salty on his tongue, and he’s twitching uncontrollably in Yoongi’s mouth, muffling a sound of pleasure when he pulls off and spreads his legs.“Do you want daddy to eat your ass, baby? Think you’ve been good enough?”“Y-es please,” is all he can manage. When Yoongi steals a look at him, his head has snapped back and his veins are bulging, a clear sign of his nearing release.“Do you think you can do me a little favou-”“Anything,” Jungkook gasps, clenching around lube soaked the plug. Yoongi was right, it’s the silver one, tiny metallic end perfectly complimenting the pink of Jungkook’s hole. He’d started asking for money to wax a couple months ago, something the elder is more than happy to fund.“Think you can cum untouched for me, pretty?”“Uh-huh. Just- can I now, daddy, please?”He swirls his tongue around his entrance as he slowly pulls it out, fixated on the desperation with with he’s clenching to keep it in.“What’s wrong, baby?”“Nuh-nothing, can’t help it- gonna feel so empty.”He has an idea, “Want daddy’s cock, instead?”“Yes,” he says, words leaving his mouth not a second after Yoongi’s asked, “Really want it, daddy, so bad.”“Need cock in your slutty hole twice a day, huh?”“Only yours,” he gasps, “Please hurry, daddy, need it more than anything.”“Okay,” he breathes, shifting up on the bed to line up. The toy is big, has Jungkook’s hole gaping just the slightest bit. But Yoongi isn’t complaining, likes the way it clenches shut the second his head grazes it and he pushes in.“Oh,” they groan in unison. Yoongi bottoms out with ease, moving his hips in short little thrusts. He doesn’t want to keep fucking Jungkook for too long after he cums. Though he’s faring much better than the elder, he has no doubt the excruciating build up has drained any energy he had left when they got home.“You look so-”“Don’t,” Jungkook rasps, shutting his eyes, “Gotta- wanna last with you. Can’t talk to me like that, I’ll.”“Okay,” Yoongi breathes. Watching Jungkook like his is enough for him. His blush has run down to his chest and he can tell how hard he’s struggling to hold on by the way he’s biting his lip. He’s refusing to look at him and with each thrust, his dick twitches painfully against his stomach.He can’t help himself, blurting, “God, Jungkook, you look fucking amazing-”His eyes and mouth shoot open in unison and he cums, untouched and sloppy between them. He’s sobbing, arms grabbing up for Yoongi, “Didn’t mean it, daddy, wanted to hold on so bad.”He pulls out and repositions himself with one of Jungkook’s thighs between his own. Then, he starts grinding. He can get off like this, he’s closer than he thought he’d be as a result of the younger’s reaction and besides, as long as he’s with Jungkook, anything feels amazing.Surely enough, it doesn’t take long. Jungkook is whimpering his ear each time he grazes his softening cock. He’s begging him to cum, says he wants to feel it more than anything and it drives Yoongi over the edge, biting down hard just below the younger’s collarbone to carry him through. 



Chapter End Notes
lmao I almost forgot to upload lmao tbt to when I used to upload every day wtf


Day Three
Chapter Notes
The last chapter !!! Sorry for the delay my laptop took the shit at long last so I went to my uni and uploaded it at the library lmaooooo I didn’t edit or anything bc I’m terrified my classmate is going to sneak up on me and be like :) what’s up and I’ll be left defenceless

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Today, he wakes up first.The first thing his eyes fix on are the underwear on the floor, a little pile of blue fabric that has him sighing in satisfaction at the memory they now hold.Then, he looks down at Jungkook in his arms, craning his head ever so slightly to gauge his mussed hair and kiss-swollen mouth, ajar as he snores away. His nose twitches and he mumbles something in his sleep and Yoongi is suddenly reminded of the first morning they’d shared after they’d gotten back together.It’s been almost a year since that day, but there’s something about this that feels the same. Yoongi’s heart is beating a little too hard and he’s trying to not fidget because for whatever reason, he feels giddy. Like this is the start of something new and it’s in that moment that he promises himself that today will be the day he proposes.He isn’t sure what exactly it is that has him reminiscing. Maybe it’s the sunlight that’s fallen across Jungkook’s face, or the way he’s holding him, he isn’t sure, but he’s overcome by gratitude and it’s all he can do not to wake him up. He just wants to look him in the eye, see him move or smile or hear his voice, undoubtedly gravelly from sleep. Every now and then, Jungkook seems to good to be true, like some sort of illusion that’ll blow away if he isn’t careful.  When he’d woken up that morning, he’d been convinced he was dreaming. His alarm had gotten him up around six in the morning for work, and he’d felt confused by why it’d been so difficult to reach out to turn it off until he realised someone was lying in his arms.That someone had turned out to be Jungkook and he’d damn near screamed in excitement. Instead, he’d decided to let him sleep, typing out some bullshit email to his work about food poisoning before pulling him back into his chest. He’d smelt like Yoongi that morning instead of his own cologne and it’d messed with him, given his brain an excuse to try and convince him he was instead an apparition.He had dreamt about Jungkook fairly regularly during their time apart, so it had certainly been a possibility, but Yoongi had metaphorically crossed his fingers and fought back the urge to fall asleep, scared that if he did, Jungkook would disappear.The only difference now is that he knows he’s real. And that he won’t lose him and that alone makes him happy enough to burst out laughing. Or well, it starts as more of a relieved chuckle, but the more he thinks back to just how miserable things were without him, it evolves.What a miserable bastard he’d been. How pathetic and purposeless. He knows he shouldn’t be making fun of himself, but now that he has so much, he can’t help it. He usually avoids thinking about those dismal eight months and on the rare occasions he does, all he feels is panic at how much he has to lose.Jungkook won’t leave him. It’s a rare moment of clarity, but it’s clarity nonetheless. Jungkook loves him and he wants to be with him. Hell, they’ve talked about this. Jungkook was the one to bring the whole marriage thing up. He has him now, he gets to be with him and he needs to have a little faith in them as a unit. He needs to trust himself and Jungkook.“What the fuck,” is the first thing he says, twisting around in the elder’s arms. His voice is slow and his eyes are only half open and Yoongi is so endeared by the sight before him that he begins to laugh even harder. “Dad, what’s wrong?”“It’s nothing,” his stomach hurts. He fights for a breath of air before sitting himself up to try and snap him out of it.Jungkook, still cold and clingy from sleep rises with him, smiling into the skin of his shoulder, “Why are you laughing, come on.”“It doesn’t matter,” he says, pulling himself out of Jungkook’s grasp and to his feet before holding his hand out, “We’d better get going, baby, if we wanna enjoy the hike. C’mon lets shower.”The drowsy confusion is still clear on his face, but after a moment of deliberation, he decides not to push it, shrugging before clambering out after him.“I’m freezing,” he whines, reaching out to reattach himself to Yoongi, “Also, you never wiped me down last night, there’s cum all over me.”“Spoiled,” he scolds, kissing his head, “You had daddy exhausted, you’re the one that should have cleaned us up.”“You were exhausted?” he isn’t looking, but he can feel Jungkook’s incredulous stare, “You’re the one that- never mind. I’m too tired for this shit.”Yoongi decides to eat his words and clean Jungkook off himself, taking extra time on his dirtied stomach and thigh. The younger slumps either against the shower wall or his chest, the weight of him nearly knocking him off his feet on several occasions. He’s deadweight when he’s tired, slow to wake up and even slower to regain his bearings.It’s cloudy today, something he absently remarks upon after burning his tongue on the cup of coffee Yoongi makes for him before he fries up some eggs.“It is,” he nods, “But it isn’t supposed to rain, so we’re good.”“Should we bring an umbrella?”He hears a thump and turns around to see that Jungkook has face planted onto the table.“We don’t have one. Also, are you feeling alright?”“Dandy,” Jungkook groans, “My whole body hurts and I’m exhausted.”“We can do a different excursion,” Yoongi says. And he means it, doesn’t really mind whatever they end up doing because everything is absolutely breathtaking, so he doesn’t think it’s going to be terribly challenging to find somewhere nice to ask the question.“Nah,” he lifts his head and shakes it before plopping it back down, “I’ve been through worse. Remember that time you tried to hang me from the ceiling in that weird shibari pose or whatever and I had to play a game the next day?”“Don’t remind me.”He’d nearly dislocated his hip and Jungkook had had a hell of a time trying to hide it from his coach to avoid getting benched. Because how the hell was he supposed to explain how he fucked it up as bad as he did overnight.“Just make me another coffee.” Surely enough, Jungkook toughs through. He’s a little less enthusiastic today, but he still seems to be enjoying himself, trudging up the mountain with Yoongi’s hand in his.It rains, but it’s more of a mist than anything. Nothing enough to bother either of them into turning back. No, when it picks up to a drizzle, they plant themselves on a stone they find along the way, Yoongi whipping out the thermos of hot chocolate he’d prepared for them.“It’s good,” Jungkook nods as he takes a sip.And Yoongi knew he was going to say something along those lines because he’d made it with four tablespoons of mix instead of two, just the way he liked it.“I’m glad,” is all he says.They’re quiet as Jungkook sips his drink. There’s something undeniably soothing about the pitter-patter of the rain on the branches. “We should do this every year. Maybe earlier, even, when things are greener.”“Yeah, baby?” Yoongi leans into him, eyeing the dampened brush. The wet has brought out it’s earthy smell, perfect in combination with that of the hot chocolate.“I like it,” he says softly, “Being all alone up here, where it’s quiet. Just us, you know?”Yoongi nods against his shoulder.“We could even do a city, too. But it’s not… peaceful, I guess. Like, this is really something.”Jungkook doesn’t quite have a way with words, but neither does Yoongi. He gets it, what he’s talking about, “Agreed.” Eventually, they set off once more. Yoongi decides he likes today better than yesterday. They’re slower but Jungkook talks more, about football and some party he went to with Taehyung three weeks ago. Not that Yoongi minds. It’s nice to hear his voice and besides, he knows just about everything about the people in the story he’s telling because Jungkook talks about them all the time.When the incline gets rough, they fall quiet once more and Yoongi begins to feel the familiar creeping signs of cold feet. He clenches his jaw and tries to ignore it, however, because they’re leaving when they get up tomorrow and he needs to make this happen. It’s normal to feel anxious, he reminds himself. This is a big step for them and it’s meast to be nerve-racking. He just needs to think back to how he felt this morning, how sure he was that things would work out. That they will work out, he corrects himself. The sight, once it comes into view, takes their breath away. He feels Jungkook freeze up just as he does, his clammy hand tightening in Yoongi’s.He isn’t sure what exactly it looks like in the summer, when the trees are full of bright green leaves, but he has to wonder if this isn’t better. There’s a whole world sprawling out beneath them. What seems like billions of trees, some evergreen, while others are stripped of their colour, and it’s absolutely stunning. They roll over the hills like waves, each different from the last, adding a new bit of texture or detail. It’s still foggy, too, the grey surroundings making the pine trees stand out amongst the rest.“I feel like,” Jungkook starts, but then shakes his head, “I don’t know. I just- can we sit down?”“Of course,” Yoongi murmurs, leading him towards the edge before plopping down. It’s a long way to the bottom, he realises after peering over, but swings his feet off anyways. This is perfect. Everything is coming together and the sight before him is serving as the perfect distraction from his nerves. He finds himself trying to come to terms with the fact that after this, Jungkook will really, truly be all his, but it’s hard to concentrate. Maybe it’s better this way, though. If he can’t overthink things to the extent he usually does.They don’t talk. Jungkook’s fingers rub soothing circles into his shoulder as they watch a flock of geese flying south for the winter and Yoongi is left to wonder if they’re too quiet around each other. Luckily, however, he’s able to catch himself before he ruins it. There’s nothing wrong with comfortable silence, is there? And besides, when they come up with things to say, they say them. If they have problems, they confront them. He thinks for the millionth time about how much he hates his mind for trying to ruin every moment of happiness he has, but then he realises this isn’t the time to pity himself. He’s going to allow himself to enjoy the younger’s presence and then, he’s going to propose. And today, the 26th of November, will be a good day. He lets a soft smile play at his lips when he realises that it’s their anniversary.Things will be perfect. Hell, they are perfect.It’s only once they’ve disappeared from sight that Jungkook says, “This makes the waterfall look like a public swimming pool.”Yoongi only then realises his hands are shaking, “Hey, can we get up for a second. I wanna show you something.”Jungkook, for a moment, looks confused at his tone, but nods and shuffles away from the edge of the cliff before standing up. “Sure, why not.”He’s turned around and headed back for the path before he can stop him, leading Yoongi to stumble to his feet before, “Where are you going?”“To whatever you wanted to show me?” He cocks a brow, “I mean, we’ve kinda seen everything we need to see here, no?”Yoongi opens his mouth, then closes it. He can barely hear Jungkook’s voice, his own heart hammering all too loud in his ears. “No, I um. It’s over here.”He pats his pocket, sighing in relief when he realises the rings are still there.“Uh,” Jungkook chuckles, “You aren’t gonna push me off the cliff, right?”“What?” He hisses, “No, Jungkook, why would I- come on, babe, just-“Jungkook shrugs and makes his way over, allowing Yoongi to take his hands before getting onto one knee.He knows, Yoongi realises once he staring up at him. He’s smirking in a way that would be cocky if it weren’t equally as touched and he looks like he’s trying to hold back tears.Fuck, Yoongi suddenly thinks to himself. He can’t remember a single word on that goddamn piece of paper and they’re left in momentary silence before he decides to ditch the whole thing and blurt, “Jungkook, I really love you. And I don’t know how to say this in a way that’s gonna take your breath away like I want it to- but… But, will you marry me?”He tugs his hand awkwardly from Jungkook’s when he realises he’s forgotten to take out the box and fumbles for it, nearly dropping it as he tries to crack it open with one hand.“Oh my god,” Jungkook croaks. And then he’s on his knees right next to Yoongi, shoving him to the ground in what feels a little more like a football tackle than a hug. Though Yoongi accepts it nonetheless, pulling his arms free to wrap them around his shoulders. “Of course I’ll marry you, Yoongi. Nothing in the world I’d rather do.”“Thank god,” he hears himself say. And then his muscles go limp and he lets himself enjoy it. The weight of Jungkook on his chest, his warmth, protecting him against the chilly wind and the sound of his overjoyed little sniffles as he cries with happiness. Yoongi cries a little too, not that he really registers it.He feels only calm, the reassurance shutting down every single fear that he hadn’t registered had weighed so heavily on his chest. There’s not a problem in the world enough to bring him down and for the first time since he’d gotten Jungkook back, he feels at peace.“Thank you,” he hears Jungkook whisper after a while, “For loving me and taking me in and giving me a change in the first place. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”“I love you,” is the only coherent thing he can think to say, “And thank you, too. For letting me be with you.”Jungkook cranes his head to kiss him, soon readjusting himself to grip each side of his face to hold him down. Not like Yoongi would dare break away. No, he wants this just as bad, licking into the younger’s mouth with an equal fervour. It’s heated, not with arousal but excitement, a sense of desperation that Yoongi can’t quite place, though he certainly feels it, too.“Yoongi,” Jungkook whispers when he breaks away, forehead leaning against his, “What you said, you meant it, right?”He doesn’t say anything, just pries his left hand from his face and plucks one of the rings from it’s box before slipping it onto his finger.Jungkook doesn’t get off, but he sits up, holding his hand out to examine the ring, “I love it.”“Really?”“Of course. It could be a fucking ring pop and I’d never wanna take it off.”“Check the inside,” Yoongi is still laying flat on the ground, mud sinking into his scalp, but he doesn’t wanna move just yet. Wants to live in this exact moment for the rest of time, because when is he ever this elated?Jungkook whimpers when he sees it, clutching it to his chest for a moment before slipping it back on, “I was scared you’d never ask.”“Me, too,” Yoongi chuckles, eyes trained on Jungkook as he lifts the other ring from the box.“Can I put yours on you?”He nods.“We’re matching,” Jungkook’s voice is watery, as if he’s going to start crying once more, so Yoongi props himself up and leans in to kiss him again.It works. By the time Jungkook leans away, he’s insisting they take a million selfies, chattering a mile a minute about something Yoongi can’t quite keep up with.Still, he complies, smiling in each of the pictures, even kissing Jungkook in a fair few, something he usually refuses to do.“I love you,” Jungkook sighs when they’re done.“I love you, too,” he agrees, “But we’ve been laying on the edge of a cliff for a dangerous amount of time.”“Yeah,” Jungkook nods, “let’s get going.” They have sex the second they get home. Not that Yoongi expects any different. Jungkook tries to pin him against three trees on their way back, whispering dirty little comments he can’t quite process into his ear.He’s close to giving in himself, actually, letting Jungkook go as far as pulling him out of his pants before he remembers that not only is it soon to get dark, but that they have no lube.He hasn’t really been able to process much since he asked him to marry him. The walk home had been spent in a daze, Jungkook’s fingers felt fake in his own and he hasn’t realised the three hours downhill have flown by until he’d being pushed onto the bed with Jungkook on top of him.He has half a mind to insist they shower, especially considering the fact that they’d been lying in the dirt, but he doesn’t have the heart to. Jungkook’s fingers feel so good pulling his clothes off his body and the pair of lips on his neck are too sweet to resist. He only realises how bad Jungkook is shaking until he flips him over, once more taken back to the night he’d gotten him back. How out of it he’d been when he’d admitted he still loved him.He’s overwhelmed. Yoongi is, too, and there’s something undeniably settling about the fact that they’re both equally as gone.“Tell me I’m not dreaming,” Jungkook groans between kisses, hand blindly grabbing at the lube on the bedside table, “This is real right?”“It’s real,” he promises, taking it from him and slicking up his fingers. He doesn’t have it in himself to tease the way he did last night, or even make it special because he needs to be inside him as soon as he can manage.Hell, fingering him right now is more to get him wet than anything else.Not that Jungkook is complaining. Or he is, but it’s more that Yoongi isn’t going fast enough, “I’m already stretched.”“You’re dry,” is all the elder can offer him in response.“Then h-hurry up, we’ll have some romantic do-over later, alright?”“That’s the plan,” he slips his fingers out, thankful as ever he doesn’t need to ease him into it when he lines up and bottoms out in one swift movement. It’s the most coordinated he’s been all day, greediness being the only thing able to drive him.He stops once he’s inside him, gives Jungkook a moment to adjust as he strokes his face with stars in his eyes, “I cannot wait to marry you.”Jungkook keens at the attention, nuzzling into his touch for a moment before bringing him down into a kiss. He’s slower this time, seemingly satisfied enough by being intertwined to momentarily stop his fidgeting.“I knew, you know,” he says once he pulls away, “That you were planning this. I was scared you’d changed your mind.”Yoongi opens his eyes, “Huh?”“Yeah, silly. I found the note you wrote, next to your pack of cigs.”“So much for a surprise,” he says, though neither of them seem at all disheartened.“Didn’t need one,” Jungkook says, “You could probably throw the ring at me and tell me to catch and I’d be happy.”Yoongi laughs, fighting to keep his eyes focused on Jungkook. He hasn’t started moving yet, but this is what the other seems to want, so he’s happy. He just wants to be here with him, see him smiling the way he is right now. If cockwarming is the way to do it, so be it.“What’s so funny?”“Nothing,” he pecks his jaw, “it’s just that Taehyung said the same thing.”Jungkook looks surprised, “Tae knew about this?”“He helped me buy the ring. It was pretty annoying.”“You hung out with him for me?” Yoongi isn’t sure how, but Jungkook appears to melt further into the blankets with each word he says, “You don’t even like him.”“Who else knows him better than you?” Yoongi asks, “Wanted it to be perfect for you.”“It is,” he nods, “Thank you, Yoongi, I’m- I don’t know how to thank you?”“You said yes, that’s more than I could ever ask for.”Jungkook tells him to start moving, so he does, fucking little praises from the back of his throat with each thrust. They hold each other tight, not bothering to do much in the way of name calling or choking or edging because they’re too emotionally spent to care. All that matters is that Jungkook’s here with him, that he’s wrapped around him the way Yoongi loves, kissing his doubts away and thanking him over and over for all he’s done.How’s Yoongi ever supposed to pay him back? For letting him have him, for agreeing to marry him, for sticking by his side through all the mixed signals and the bullshit and the months they’d spent apart.He doesn’t deserve him. And he knows his mind won’t ever let him forget it, but it’s not the worst way in the world to perceive their relationship. Because what this means is that he’ll never take Jungkook for granted, that he’ll hopefully put as much love and care into seeing him grow as he has til now.He makes sure to run his hands over Jungkook’s body. Up his legs to his hips, then across his torso before his fingers find their way into his mouth. The position is strange considering the near-headlock Jungkook has him in, but it’s worth getting to touch him. It always is, after all.Yoongi cums first. It surprises him, especially since he’s usually pretty in control, only realising the extent of how wrecked he is when he registers the bang of the headboard against the wall. He gasps Jungkook’s name when he does, riding out his orgasm while he fights his way out of his arms to touch him.The younger still grabs up for him, however, tells him he feels cold and he can cum untouched, but Yoongi doesn’t listen. He barely hears it, in fact, too caught up in his own thoughts to pay the other much mind.He only lets him pull him back down when he finishes himself, licking his lips when he catches some of it on Jungkook’s chin. He licks it off and pushes it into his mouth, shuddering when he accepts it with a pleased moan.He isn’t sure how much time passes like that, with them panting into each other’s open mouthes, but when he opens his eyes, the room is pitch black.“’S cold,” is the first thing the younger slurs, voice hoarse from his moans.Yoongi’s too fucked out to do much other than grunt in reply, slowly pulling his cum slicked cock from Jungkook and getting to his feet.“Come back.”He wants to. His eyes have adjusted to the dark and he has to admit the prospect of climbing under the covers with Jungkook is appealing, but they need to shower. Ticks are no fun, and neither is lime disease, and when push comes to shove, it’s him that still needs to be making an example.Everything feels different, he thinks to himself, but is it really?No, he still needs to be a good role model to Jungkook, still needs to baby him. It’s not like the ring will do anything but exacerbate their habits.So he weakly grabs at his arm, limbs made of rubber. “C’mon, baby. Can’t gotta make sure the ticks are all off.”“I don’t wanna get cleaned up,” he huffs, “Wanna nap.”“Daddy will wash you off again, baby. Nice and slow, the way you like it.”He groans, “We already showered today.”“And it was nice, wasn’t it? Don’t you like it when I hold you? With the warm water?” He circles around to Jungkook’s side of the bed, fingers finding his hair, “We’ll be quick, and then I’ll make you dinner. I brought a bottle of Prosecco and everything, baby. Don’t you wanna try?”“Fine,” he still sounds mildly irritated, but Yoongi knows the offer of alcohol is enough to win him over.“It’s fancy. I got it imported from Italy, just for you.”“You’d better,” he can hear the grin in his voice as he leads him to the bathroom.“So,” Yoongi starts after they’ve toasted and sat down for dinner, “You actually want kids, huh?”“Shit,” Jungkook’s eyes light up, “So fucking bad, you up for that?”“Jungkook. When have I ever said no to you?” 



Chapter End Notes
Should I do an epilogue where they get home and go on their fancy date and have some fancy sex ? No promises but in considering if yall are thirsty for some more yoon on Kook action lol



Afterword


End Notes
this is gonna have like 2 or three more chapters so? yeah. I just need to edit the rest lol twitter CC


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



