



What every college - haukeakelii - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

What every college student needs
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11721990.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Model Kim Taehyung | V, CEO Min Yoongi | Suga, Dancer Park Jimin, Minor Jeon Jungkook/Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Daddy Kink, Sugar Daddy, For like 5 seconds though, Barista Kim Minseok | Xiumin, Slow Burn, Bottom Park Jimin, Top Min Yoongi | Suga, Panties, I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping, Don't Judge Me
Stats:

        Published: 2017-08-06
        Words: 7043
      

What every college student needs
by haukeakelii (orphan_account)
Summary
Jimin doesn't want to sleep with Yoongi for money, he would do it for free but knowing how easily he gets attached, he refuses to have sex with Yoongi only to be left heartbroken once the CEO gets bored of him. Yoongi doesn't easily find someone to be sexually attractive. And then there is Jimin that he straight out wanted to fuck in the Café.They make it work.



What every college student needs


Jimin is laying on his tummy on the bed with a blue ink pen held gingerly between his pink lips, a bunch of papers and other colorful pens and highlighters surrounding him as he frowns deeply. This time is no homework but it is something just as important to him : managing money. Being a college student with no wealthy background whatsoever is more than troublesome and his shitty Café job doesn't seem to make it any better though the owner, Chanyeol, pays double the amount others do. But he has to keep himself fed and dressed and accepted by the society and it's rich way of living and not long after the pay day everything is gone from his mostly empty bank account. 

 

"What am I supposed to do now?" He bites down into the piercing at the corner of his bottom lip and looks up at the ceiling with a pout on his lips. He took his phone from under the pillows and texted his best friend about meeting at Chanyeol's Café. The other male might already be there anyway, considering he is the twin brother of the owner's husband.

So he throws the pen on top of his papers and puts on a comfortable pair of ripped skinny jeans and an oversized plain colored T-Shirt, gets his overused converse on and leaves the dorm. The Café is not far, actually it is strategically placed right outside the school grounds so students like Jimin don't even need to look decent to get a good cup of coffee or a good meal in the middle of the day. It's filled with students, so it doesn't matter to any of them how shitty someone else looks after hours of studying and no sleep and over stressing.

 

He goes in and looks around for his friend. The Café is bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside. There is soft music playing in the background, the spacious round chairs now having soft blankets on their backrests and tables changed colors to accommodate with the cold season. The counter, still big as ever with now seasonal food behind the glass, is decorated with Halloween toys, fake spider webs and tiny ghosts and by the look of the truck outside the building they are going to bring in more decorations by the middle of the month.

Jimin plays with one of the tiny ghosts until a short male comes out from the back. He smiles at Jimin and instantly greets and asks what he would like to have.

 

"One green tea and one Turkish black tea please. And one question, is Baekhyun around?"

 

"Come right up." He finished typing into the computer that sends the orders to the kitchen and then looks up at Jimin with an apologetic smile. "Not today, sorry. Chanyeol said he is sick so he wouldn't be able to make it. Why?'

 

"I'm supposed to meet with Taehyung, he said he was close by so normally he should have been here before me. I thought that maybe Baek can call him or something." Oh yes, being a college student also means having very limited credit on your phone. It is usually Taehyung that sends him texts and calls him so Jimin doesn't have to pay a lot for his phone but in moments like those Jimin hates his financial status because he can't afford to send another text or call.

 

"Why don't you just sit down and I will bring your tea so you can drink while you wait? I will keep the Turkish tea warm back in the kitchen for him."

 

"Thanks Xiumin, you're an angel." 

 

"Don't worry about it." He does as told and claims a seat as his. He quickly pulls the blanket around his shoulders and smuggles into it. It's already October and he still has no jacket to match the weather. It's not like he leaves the school grounds a lot anyway and it's not like he needs it a lot since the buildings are always kept warm and the Café is not far from him but he still needs something to help him warm up every time. 

 

He sits quickly, nodding once in gratitude when his drink is brought but then staying completely still as he contemplates. His eyes remain fixed on the window, watching as the wind gently moves the leaves and branches of the smaller trees. He doesn't know for long he has been tuning out the world around him, but a sudden crash brings him out of the trance and forces him to focus on the scene behind him.

 

"I'm so, so sorry sir!" It's Minseok getting on his knees on the floor to clean the broken glass. "I don't know what happened, I might have blanked out. I'm truly sorry!" Jimin gets up and kneels beside his friends to help out. He can feel the stranger's eyes on him, be is quite a sight after all; his piercings not matching his face or fashion sense as most put it and the winged clock tattoo is standing out more than his bright pink hair. He knows he's judged.

 

"It's all good, don't worry." The voice stops Jimin for a few moments. It's deep and dominant, dangerously low but holding a soft strictness.

 

"But your shirt is ruined..." It is Minseok's time to stop and look the man up and down. He is dressed richly, that's for sure. The shorter doesn't even dare imagine what he will have to do to get money if he has to pay for the shirt.

 

"Just a couple hundreds, no big deal, right Yoongi-hyung?" Taehyung comes from behind, fingers reaching for this 'Yoongi''s chin but the shorter slaps his hand away as if it is an annoying fly. "It's fine baobei, really. If he really wants it paid I will gladly take the bill."

 

"I don't want it paid."

 

"Good, because I wasn't actually going to pay you anyway."

 

"Taehyung, don't be rude." Said male pouts as Jimin's words. "I'm Jimin, are you a friend of Taehyung's?"

 

"Me? Friends with this guy? I would rather die." The stranger smirks, despite not looking at the other's fake hurt expression, he knows it's there. "I am stuck with him for a few weeks until my apartment is renovated."

 

"You know Woozi from the local high school? This is his older brother. We have been friends for years, he is just my complete opposite." Jimin doesn't know how to feel about that because the complete opposite of Kim Taehyung means a lazy man, one that doesn't enjoy social situations, one with 0% energy, no friends and no motivation. But this man looks like he's doing important stuff; perhaps he is a lawyer or a doctor, but it's not like you can be the opposite of his friend for those two. "Let's sit down." He says, taking Jimin's attention off the man. They sit at the table the smaller of the three has practically claimed with his tea still steaming and blanket left on not one but two chairs.

 

"Is it really okay if he's here?" Yoongi has opted for listening to music, simply plugging his earphones in and ignoring the world around him.

 

"Yeah, don't mind him. He's a strange individual."

 

"Look who's talking." He snorted, knowing very well how 4D the model is. He is like an alien stuck on a planet on which it's people just don't get him so he stopped trying to be like them and acts like his own weird self. And Jimin is pretty sure, up at this point in their friendship, that Taehyung is really out of this world. "Anyway." He changes the subject, bringing a pout to the other's lips. "I am fucked. I just did my monthly calculation and there is no way I can stay in uni if I don't stop eating, buying clothes, supplies for projects and going to the dance studio."

 

"I told you, you can always just accept money from me."

 

"And I told you, no. You're my best friend but dude, that ain't happening. I will just have to quit college. It's not like I'm the first to do that." Taehyung sighs loudly. Of course Jimin would never accept his money but he can still hope. But he knows the reason why. It's not like Jimin wouldn't be able to work after and give back the money, is because Taehyung never really had real friends before Yoongi -who already seems well off so there's no way he's after Taehyung's money- and Jimin, so the dancer doesn't want Taehyung to think he has to give him money just because of his 'friends' in past. And he is right, is not like he's the first nor last to quit college but a better education mean a better, well paid job.

 

"You can't just quit Jimin, you know that. People don't hire drop-outs, not for decent jobs anyway."

 

"They don't hire college students without experience either, which is fucking stupid, where am I supposed to get experience from if they don't hire?"

 

"I might have a solution for you, Jimin-ah." Both the dancer and model snap their heads towards the owner of the deep voice. "But I would like to talk about it in private. There are too many costumers now." Yoongi wraps the earphones around his phone before putting it away in his bag and looks around as he does so. Jimin does too and indeed, since they arrived, a lot more people came in and more than half of them know Jimin and would most likely interrupt the conversation if they notice him. So he's lucky Yoongi writes an address down for him before leaving alongside with Taehyung, both having packed schedules.

 

He takes a good look at the address as he sips from his tea and instantly chokes. The address is not the street and house number, it is the name of a studio. And not only a studio but the as far as Jimin knows from his dance team, it's the music studio a lot of idols, especially rappers, tried to go to but a lot were straight out refused because in the CEO's words 'they have to come back to him with talent if they want to record and produce there' and Jimin can't help but imagine an old man, probably underground rapper in his teens, going strict on everyone for no reason. But he's going to the studio first thing in the morning so Yoongi will probably point out the CEO to him in if they happen to cross paths.

 

Or that's what he hoped yesterday. But today he's kind of shocked. As soon as he entered the building and said Yoongi's name, the young woman at the reception gave him a strange look before calling someone.

 

"Hey, there's this kid asking for you. Pink hair, piercings, tattoos. Should I let him in or should I call security?" Jimin bites the inside of his cheek at the woman's attitude. Sure, he may be pierced and inked but that doesn't mean he is about to kill someone. He is just a very aesthetic person, that's all. "Huh? He isn't here yet? Fine then. Will do." She ends, practically slamming the phone back in it's place. "See that elevator over there? Go in, press the last floor button and go straight until you see a narrow hallway and enter the door that has huge ass figures right outside."

 

"Okay... Thanks." Like in movies, the girl blows a bubble with her chewing gum instead of actually saying anything back. She goes back to her phone as soon as Jimin is in the lift. "Last floor." Talking to himself as he looks for the button, he frowns at one of the names right next to it. "Rap Monster?" The name reminds him of wanna be rappers. The type that just started and that already think they're at the top of the music industry. But Jimin doesn't have a stage name just yet so he can't comment on others'.

As told, he goes straight only. At the end of the hallway are indeed really big figurines waiting for him. They're creeping him out a bit but since apparently Yoongi is here, he swallows the feeling and knocks. The instant the door opens, loud music hits him. The beat is strong and is the type that makes people wanna dance but it's soon turned off. 

 

"You're here for Yoongi right? Come in."

 

"Uhm, where is Yoongi?" Looking around, there is only one person besides the one that opened the door and it is not Yoongi. Just as hot, but not Yoongi. Now that he takes a look at both males, they seem out of breath, hair sticking out in various directions and cheeks flushes and Jimin really, really wants the ground to swallow him because he interrupted their make-out session or sex or- actually, he doesn't even want to think about it.

 

"He will be here in a few. I'm Namjoon by the way. This is Jungkook." Jimin doesn't introduce himself, they already know his name after all, but he nods at both of them as a 'nice to meet you'. He looks around the room and he notices the insane amount of figurines and the darkness of the room. But looking back at Namjoon and Jungkook, they don't seem like the 'dark' type.

 

"Why am I here if Yoongi is not?"

 

"He wants you to wait here. He said a lot of people might give you strange looks if you wait in the lobby and he doesn't want you to feel looked down upon. Believe me, it's better here than there." Namjoon claims the desk chair. He makes a hand motion to Jungkook, who gets up to let Jimin sit, while he throws himself in Namjoon's lap. 

 

"I gotta go..." He drags on as if he wanted to add something but with a quick glance at Jimin he stops himself. "I have classes. But thanks for today, and thanks for the gift."

 

"Of course baby." Jimin doesn't want to think like that, but by Jungkook's expression, he seems too used to getting gifts. And Namjoon doesn't look troubled at all. Oh, a sugar daddy maybe. The pale boy kisses his 'lover' goodbye and waves shyly at Jimin before scooting up his plaid shirt and leaving. "He's adorable, isn't he?" The dancer does frown. Was he staring that much? Though again, 'adorable' isn't the adjective Jimin would use. "You're not bad yourself, I can totally see why Yoongi wants you."

 

"Excuse me?"

 

"Look at you. You're small but have the right amount of muscles, your hands are adorably tiny, your hair is a cute crazy color, you obviously know how to dress up. You got a baby face and seem to be having smooth skin. You might want to get rid of the lip piercing though, Yoongi doesn't like facial piercings but you can get your ears pierced instead." The smaller tries to register all the words coming out of Namjoon's mouth but he doesn't understand what all those would mean to Yoongi. "You could make the perfect sugar baby, especially if you're already a sub." Oh. Oh. Fucking oh. 


 


"Is that why I'm here? I thought he might have wanted to hire me to work in the studio not his bedroom." 

 

"You would work either way under his name. But if you choose the bedroom it's easier, believe me." Quick to put 2 and 2 together, Jimin raises to his feet in a flash. 

 

"He's- he's the CEO?"

 

"You didn't know?" 

 

"Uhm... no! That doesn't even matter! I don't want to sleep with him for money!"

 

"But would you for free?" That closes Jimin's mouth. He would actually sleep with Yoongi and maybe even get in a relationship with the older but he doesn't think Yoongi would want anything with him if it's not sex. "See? What's wrong with the extra money?"

 

"I'm not Jungkook."

 

"He's not my sugar baby and I'm not a sugar daddy, we're in a real relationship. I just like spoiling him and he likes being spoiled and maybe he doesn't show it because he's not good at showing emotions but he's really grateful. There's nothing wrong with it, Jimin-ah."

 

He wants to apologize for assuming something like that but the door opens suddenly to reveal Yoongi. He is wearing a plain white tee but has a dark grey suit on that hugs his waist artistically. He wear an expensive watch, completely different to the one he had the other day but it still matches the suit. He also has more piercings than the day before; they make Jimin think the man will come with something new everyday and if he would have a say in it Jimin wants him to get a tattoo. 

 

"Hey, where's Jungkook?"

 

"Uni. Where's Taehyung?"

 

"Fucking photo shoot." Yoongi walks over to Jimin and pats his shoulder lightly as a greeting. "His Gucci ass wanted to drag me there too but I am already late as it is, I didn't want to be there the whole day. Now come, Jimin-ah, let's go to my office." He stays quiet the whole time until they enter the office. That's when Jimin straight out asks Yoongi if he's crazy. "As far as I know, I'm not. But then again, I didn't get professionally checked out yet."

 

"You want me to have sex with you for money?"

 

"Oh, that. Yeah, to be blunt. But of course, if you're a virgin I wouldn't force you into doing more than blow and hand jobs."

 

"First of all, I'm a bit offended you could think I am virgin with my looks. Second of all, why? You could get a prostitute if you're that desperate." The college student doesn't even take a seat nor accept Yoongi's silent offer to drink with him. But that wine does look absolutely delectable and he can see the date on the bottle -old wine is good wine- and the design on it lets Jimin know is a very expensive one but if he wants to tell Yoongi everything he can't get drunk.

 

"The thing is, I'm not. I have done pretty well in 3 years without getting laid. But you're hot as fuck, Park Jimin. You're the only one so far that attracts me sexually and you're in need of money so why not? What's the problem?"

 

"Even if we just fuck, I will get attached. I always do and I always get left behind. Once you get bored I will be all alone again, then what's the point in having money if my heart will be broken?" Sighing, Yoongi stands up from his leather chair and goes around the desk. He leans back on it, fingers crossed in front of him and comfortably laid on his lap while he crosses his legs at the ankles.

 

"I already told you I'm sexually attracted to you, how do you know I am not going to be emotionally as well?" The silence is an answer too, one that Yoongi is satisfied with. "Stop over thinking. Why don't we just try it out for today? If you still say no by the end, I will still give you one of my cards. It has enough to pay off the student loan for the next 2 years and perhaps you will still have something left after. But let's try first, okay?"

 

When Jimin reluctantly agreed to give it a try, he expected Yoongi to fuck him in the office and then give him some money before sending him out. But instead, the man smiled childishly in victory, his gummies showing for the first time since yesterday and he dragged Jimin out the door and into his awaiting car right outside the building. It's a very, very expensive car, the dancer can tell simply by how shiny it is from the outside but God please strike Min Yoongi the inside is amazing. Is dominated by leather and silk and the head and arm rests are covered in an extremely soft material that brings Jimin's curious side out; making him, trace the softness over and over with his finger tips. The car logo on the wheel is the brightest one the dancer has ever seen, the circle is created by precious gems and the logo itself seemed to be graved with white gold. All the buttons are so bright that they're almost giving him a headache but his attention is stolen by the charms Yoongi has hanged around. From a toy dangerously close to the ones in Namjoon's office, to the silver initials 'T' and 'H', to the ever classical pair of dice that are of course, covered in leather and not fluff.

 

"-min? Jimin." Yoongi's strict tone quickly pulls him out of the trance.

 

"Y-yeah?"

 

"Did you already eat breakfast?"

 

"No. I didn't get to. I came to the studio as soon as I woke up."

 

"I see. Do you have classes today?" The CEO hums in acknowledgement once the question is answered negatively and seems to be thinking for a moment before turning the car around and heading into an opposite direction. "How about we make a quick stop at McDonald's? I want to bring you somewhere for lunch but it will take 3 hours so we eat a bit now and then you can sleep until we get there."

 

"Three hours? Where are you bringing me?"

 

"Daegu. My mother has a restaurant there and since I only have a lot of free time today, I will bring you there now so you could try out the food there. I do have the weekend free but I would rather stay in than drive there or anywhere at all." Jimin would too. After a week of being a CEO who in their right minds would drive unnecessarily long just for food? Though he thinks Yoongi is being extra, the thought of going to his mother's restaurant somehow warms him up on the inside. 

 

They eat something light from the drive through. They decide to stay in the parking lot while eating and then drive to Daegu, just to be safe -it was more Jimin begging Yoongi not to drive while they eat so they wouldn't get into an accident but Yoongi listening to him means they somehow decided together-. But with something in his stomach and with Yoongi's playlist, he falls asleep. He doesn't register Yoongi parking on the side of the road to let down his chair or cover him up and raise the head rest so it would act as a pillow. He doesn't wake up when Yoongi turns down the music for good, actually, he doesn't wake up until they're 5 minutes from the restaurant.

 

"Did you sleep well?" He asks while parking the car. He doesn't even look at Jimin but the shorter can tell he has a satisfied look on his face.

 

"Yeah. You shouldn't have let me sleep for so long, weren't you lonely?"

 

"It's fine, really. I don't usually know what to talk about so you spared me from being awkward. Plus, now you will have enough power for today." Not questioning it, he makes sure he looks presentable before leaving the car and entering the small restaurant. On the walls there are articles mentioning Yoongi. A young woman comes out from the back and greets them both happily. "Is mom here today?"

 

"Nope. She will only come in next week so you're stuck with me." She jokes. She doesn't question his and Yoongi's relationship but she does smile at him sincerely and for him that's more than enough. "What would you two like?"

 

"Bring us two servings of my usual. I would like some cola with mine."

 

"Cola for me too."

 

"Noted. Will be here soon. Shall I turn on the music for you guys or is it fine like this?"

 

"It's all good, maybe later when more costumers come." Gathering some courage he speaks for the both of them. He did good by the proud smile Yoongi is throwing his way. "Is it always so full?" He asks sarcastically as besides them, there is only one elderly woman eating slowly as she gazes from time to time out the window.

 

"Just during the week and only during lunch. A lot of people have to eat at work during lunch but usually they eat breakfast and dinner here. In the morning you have a 'happy' playlist to wake you up and in the afternoon they put on some soft jazz." Jimin can't help but take notice of the CEO's happy expression. His body seems to finally relax, as if he let down his guard now that he's in a familiar place. "Tell me, Jimin-ah, what do you do?"

 

"I work at the Café from yesterday. I can't make coffee to save my life but I take and bring the orders, sometimes I help in the kitchen for a little extra to my pay check. On rare occasions when I'm not tired, I stay behind until closing time so I could take home some of the leftover cakes."

 

"Are they that good that you stay behind so late?"

 

"I swear to everything nice, those cakes are the best thing ever. They practically melt inside your mouth."

 

"Isn't that a bad thing?"

 

"No, it's a good thing, at least with those cakes. I have classes at 11 tomorrow. I will have breakfast at the Café at 10 if you want to try them. My treat." Well, it's not a lot, it shouldn't be considered a lot, but Yoongi is happy because he's not even done with today and Jimin already thinks about tomorrow. They keep chatting through out lunch and after relaxing for a while Yoongi brings Jimin to a local park. He sits on a bench while watching the younger play with a few dogs, all small and fluffy and playful and just so friendly and ready to jump on Jimin that it makes Yoongi take a picture and while looking at it, he realizes it's the only picture from his camera roll that isn't work related. A Jimin surrounded by dogs is so much better than the screenshots he took of important meetings he planned, or lyrics he ended up writing on random papers -but took a photo of them all so he wouldn't have to keep carrying papers around-. And Yoongi decides he likes the aesthetic of the moment so he takes another picture. "I'm sorry, I keep doing my own thing." He's bashfully looking down at his hands but he doesn't hesitate to sit next to the taller.

 

"I told you, it's okay. I would rather give my attention that have someone's attention on me. That's why I'm the CEO, people only care about the idols."

 

"Isn't that sad though? Everyone needs a little bit of attention every now and then."

 

"I have yours now, don't I?" He looks down at a blushing Jimin and now he understands the younger's words when he said he gets attached easily. But so does Yoongi. That's why after their day in Daegu he gives his best into making sure Jimin doesn't leave him. From lazy days, to Jimin coming to the studio and spending hours with him only for the sake of being together -considering Yoongi is so concentrated he ends up unconsciously ignoring Jimin who simply lays back on the sofa and listens to Yoongi going over his lyrics or changing beats- to their Café trips and a few times, for Yoongi to compensate Jimin's time spent at the studio, he would wait until the dancer is done with his shift to take him to the dog Café in the Gangnam district. But just yet, he doesn't go overboard. He did pay for Jimin's semester but other than that, he keeps low. Jimin even got him to agree that unless he really needs it, he's not going to spend money on him and that the one asking the other to hang out is to pay for the 'date'.

 

They also didn't do anything just yet. They have held hands and Jimin has tiredly played with his much bigger than his own fingers while they watched movies and sometimes they would cuddle if they both felt extra clingy but they don't kiss. They don't randomly hug and they keep their hands to each others but it's slowly driving both of them insane. But since Yoongi wants Jimin to take the first steps, he does. On their 7 month, Jimin calls Yoongi -now that his semester is done with he actually has the money to charge his phone and call all he wants- telling him he's not feeling well. As predicted, the older scolds him for not dressing warm enough for his Café trips but also sends him to his house so he could take care of Jimin once he gets home. But the dancer goes shopping first. He picks out his favorite type of panties, which he didn't tell Yoongi he likes wearing but he did see the CEO looking at one day, he buys thigh high socks to match the underwear and he goes to a special studio to get 'daddy's baby boy' on one of Yoongi's large hoodies.

Going to Yoongi's place as soon as he's done, first thing on his list is a shower and preparing himself. He uses the lube he had back at the dorm. It's water based but it smells incredibly nice, just like peaches and vanilla and for a second Jimin gets drunk on the scent but he has a mission. He cleans himself throughoutly before using the lube. He pours a generous amount on his fingers and slowly, starting with one finger, he gets going. But now he admits it himself, his hands are small. His fingers can't reach that sweet spot no matter how hard he tried. But he opened himself up pretty nicely if he has to say so himself. Just to be sure he's going to stay that way, he plugs himself up. It's a small plug but at the outside end of it has a pretty baby blue diamond; however, the rest of it is pastel pink, one of Jimin's favorite colors and one of Yoongi's favorite colors on Jimin.

Jimin dries himself up, goes to Yoongi's bedroom where he left the clothes and gets dressed, then runs his fingers through his hair a few times to make sure it is still parted in the middle of his forehead and that it doesn't create awkward bangs. Once he's perfumed and set, he gets on the bed and scrolls through his social media. 

 

It takes a while for Yoongi to come but Jimin knows, the CEO came home earlier than usual just because he said he's sick. Does Jimin feel bad though? Just a tiny bit but the man will surely forgive him and get over it.

 

"Jimin! I'm back!"

 

"I'm up in the bedroom!" He yells back but giggles, finding it stupid that they chose to yell instead of going to each other but it's better like this.

Yoongi enters and is about to tell Jimin all about the rude old lady he encountered while buying Jimin his favorite cake but as soon as he reads the text on the hoodie and sees the socks that so deliciously end up in the middle of Jimin's thick thighs, he forgets about the lady and about the cake and fuck him, he forgets he is the CEO of a popular studio and he's not supposed to act like a horny virgin.


 


"Fuck baby, you should get sick more often if that's what a cold does to you." Yoongi's voice is deeper than usual, dropping a few octaves as his member's is starting to stiffen in his pants.

 

"Don't jinx it, I really hate colds."

 

"Don't you mean real colds?"

 

"Don't you mean let me fuck you?" He practically growls. His hands work on getting his blazer off and his legs get him towards the bed in record time, lips locking with Jimin's. It's just kissing for a while, both getting addicted to each other's mouth and tongue so quickly that it's scaring them but it feels so good, lips touching, tongues dancing around each other and trying to get dominant but the moment Yoongi starts sucking on Jimin's tongue, the dancer gets lost in the feeling and gives his lover full access to his mouth. But then he's pushed into the soft blanket and spit is dripping down his chin and he can't seem to focus anymore, the lyricist practically being blurred out. "Please fuck-" he manages to let out before Yoongi captures his lips again. He is hard in his own baby pink panties, even registers his small cock sticking out of them a tiny bit but he so doesn't care. His mind is concentrating on getting Yoongi butt naked while still kissing the older.

 

"Can daddy really have you? You don't know how fucking bad I want you but if-"

 

"Please... Let me ride you daddy, please! Let me show you how much I want you." His breath is out of control and he already looks fucked but he doesn't have that after sex glow and Yoongi doesn't like that one bit.

 

"Come ride me then, princess. Fuck yourself on my cock, baby." He's slapping Jimin's hands away when they reach for the hem of his hoodie to take it off. But his own hands reach underneath and he groans at the panties. They're lace and have an adorable design on each side with a little bow and now with Jimin's tip sticking out right in the middle. "Such a good boy for daddy, noticing me looking at them. They look sinful on you kitten but they're in the way, we have to get rid of them." So they do. They easily slid the panties off and take the plug out and Jimin takes his time in taking Yoongi's briefs off. He can see the shape of the cock clearly though the underwear, a little wet patch letting Jimin know where the head is so that's where he sticks his hand inside and pulls the member out. He lays a few light kisses on it, not showing Yoongi how happy but nervous he is to try out giving a blow job after so long. 

Light kisses turn into kitten licks and kitten licks turn into taking Yoongi inside his mouth, bobbing his head and sucking in his cheeks with every chance he gets. The older's fingers in his hair do nothing than encouraging him, Yoongi's groans giving him enough confidence to try and take more inside his mouth. But he doesn't get to go down to the very base as his hair is pulled, causing him to let the cock out of his warm sanctuary.

 

"But daddy-"

 

"Shh, kitten. Come now, didn't you want to ride me? Show me how much of a slut you can be for me? Don't you want to get praised for being a good boy, hmm?" When he puts it like that, Jimin does want to be praised. He wants to hear Yoongi's out of breath tone telling him how good be looks or that he's doing a fucking good job. He wants all that. "That's right kitten, get on." Hands leave his hips for a second, wanting to take the watch off so it wouldn't be a problem for any of them but Jimin stops midway of his cock to slap his fingers away from it.

 

"L-leave it on, please." He smirks and places his hands back on his hips to push the younger down completely. They moan at the almost lost sensations. Both haven't done anything with anyone in so long, and now that they do, and on top of that doing it with someone they have feelings for, it feels better than ever.

Jimin is clenching his walls around the cock, he can't even regulate his breathing even if they didn't really started. And no one moves. They're getting used to the feeling, getting used to the warmth and fullness.

"I wanna move..."

 

"Move then kitten. Roll your hips for daddy." Jimin leans down for a second but then stands up again, back arched and fingers running through his hair as a way to prepare himself. He doesn't want to look down at Yoongi. His man is intimidating him and he doesn't want to admit that he actually likes the feeling. But he's forced to look down when Yoongi's fingers wrap around his wrists to bring the hands down on his abdomen. "You can touch love. You're on top, you can do whatever that pretty head of yours comes up with." Using his chest as support, he starts moving. Neither can see their cocks because of Jimin's large blouse but it gives them a chance to concentrate on each other better. At least for now that Jimin goes slow. His hair is already out of place and his cheeks are flushed red, making him look like a shy little thing but his small hands are roaming his chest, going over his collarbones and nipples and the fingers on one hand even go to trace the watch he wears. "Just like that, princess. You look so fucking beautiful but so out of it, you don't even know where to keep yours hands."

But to Jimin, Yoongi doesn't look any differently. His chest in raising and falling in a quick manner, his front bangs are wet and sticking to his forehead, his fingers grip his clothed hips enough to leave bruises. He looks even better to him once he manages to get the man in a sitting position. His arms sneak around his neck as Yoongi's leave his hips and opt for his ass to help him with moving.

"You're doing amazing baby, such a good boy for me." Jimin speeds up his movements, moans and throws back his head because he feels so fucking full going down but he dies to have it all inside him when he raises and there's only the tip barely in. "Come baby, faster." Jimin is quick to obey. His speed is picking up again as he kisses Yoongi, fingers gripping at the man's hair since there's nothing else for him to grab on but he doesn't seem to mind the hair pulling one bit. It makes the CEO groan loudly inside his mouth and one of his hands even spanks him once in return to make him moan.

 

Their kiss is long and sloppy, they have saliva dripping down their chins and they gave up on trying to focus on each other as now they keep their eyes closed in pleasure. Fingers trace down his hoodie in hope to find his cock underneath the material. Once found, he starts pumping it through the material, thumb going over the tip every time before going down to the base. His hips can't stay put either, he starts thrusting in and in return is awarded with high pitched whimpers in pleasure and little whines that remind Yoongi of a small, clingy but adorable puppy.

 

"You feel so go-od!" The word is dragged out and it comes out in cut syllables due to Yoongi's fast and powerful thrusts. "Daddy! I-I... Oh God... Come, I'm gonna-gonna-!" 

 

"Fuck Jimin, come then baby! Come all over yourself!" With a shiver running down his spine and clenching around Yoongi, he comes. The little wet spot is growing bigger but not uniformly, cum ending up all over the inside of his hoodie because of Yoongi's rough thrusts that make his cock move around uncontrollably.

And Yoongi comes as well. But he comes deep inside his lover and it takes a lot of self control for Jimin to not get hard again at the feeling of warm cum dripping down Yoongi's cock and out of his hole. But he doesn't need to because as soon as they come down from their highs, Yoongi strips him completely and takes him to the bathroom where he fucks him against the shower cabin wall and on the sink counter so Jimin could admire himself, as Yoongi so lovely explained it.

By the time they're done, a few hours have passed and they're both exhausted but it's all worthy seeing each other flushed and sweaty and with the after sex glow Yoongi so desperately wanted Jimin to have.

 

But they force their bodies inside the bathtub. Jimin let the warm water run and dropped a lavender bath bomb inside, just to be sure they relax fully and that their tense muscles wouldn't be that sore the next day.

 

"I'm sorry." He hears Yoongi whisper from behind him. He's resting on Yoongi, leaning on the man while he leans on the tub pillow. "I over did it, didn't I?"

 

"We both over did it. If I didn't want it I would have stopped you. Don't over think it."

 

"That sounds strangely familiar, I wonder where did you learn that from." But smirking and then chuckling after getting lightly hit, he lays a few kisses on Jimin's shoulder. "Thank you for today. You know nothing had to happen, right?"

 

"I know, but you have been on your best behavior and you're too hot not to jump you." He pauses, wanting to find the right words but Yoongi does for him.

 

"I love you, baby."

 

"I love you too... Daddy." The taller groans, throwing his head back as Jimin giggles and leans into him even more.

 

"I suggest you stop if you don't want to get wrecked."

 

"I don't have classes for the rest of week so I wouldn't mind. Come inside me all you want and then plug me up, what about that daddy?" He says it so innocently that Yoongi can't help it.

 

"God, I fucking love you!" He bites hard into the same spot he previously kissed as he slides inside Jimin once again.

 


By the end, Jimin thanks all the Gods he knows for not having classes because the next day he can barely move an inch.





Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



