



When It Comes To You - iaminlovewithyou - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

When It Comes To You
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14671749.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS, K-pop
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook, Jeon Jeongguk, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Park Jimin
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard, Bodyguard Jeon Jungkook, Bodyguard Min Yoongi | Suga, Bodyguard Kim Namjoon | RM, Romance, Angst, Fluff, shameless flirting, Flirt Taehyung, yoongi is whipped, namjoon is a mess of limbs, i'll keep adding tags as and when required, taekook, Yoonseok - Freeform, namjin - Freeform, they all have stories going on, Slow Burn, they are all just a mess of blushes
Stats:

        Published: 2018-05-15
          Completed: 2020-04-03
          Chapters: 12/12
        Words: 118462
      

When It Comes To You
by iaminlovewithyou
Summary
Taehyung's life changes when his father hires a bodyguard for him, Jeon Jungkook.Yoongi is shamelessly whipped for Hoseok but don't know what to do with it.Seokjin just enjoys making Namjoon blush.Jimin swore he'll never date because he's surrounded by a bunch of losers.
Notes
I don't know why but I always associate Taekook with Jungkook's cover of "2U", hence, the title.

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



“Ah, is this my new friend?” Taehyung asked as soon as he entered the living room. His parents were sitting with a young guy, almost his age. They all seemed to be having some serious conversation right before Taehyung walked in.“Oh, son, you’re here. I want you to meet Jeongguk,” his father said and gestured towards the new boy, Jeongguk. He stood up from his place and bowed to Taehyung.“Okay?” Taehyung was confused. He wasn’t sure what was happening. His parents called him this morning, told him they need to talk to him urgently before they leave for China. He expected them to talk all business stuff with him but instead they have a new member sitting with them in his house.“Taehyung, you should sit,” his mother said.He sat in a corner, made sure he could see Jeongguk and his parents clearly.“We’re leaving in a while, as you know. And, well, there’s,” his father couldn’t complete his sentence, he looked nervous, he turned towards his wife for support and she smiled and placed her hand on his.“Jeongguk here is your bodyguard,” his father said it in a breath.“What?” Taehyung yelled. He wasn’t expecting this at all. Jeongguk is his bodyguard? What are they? Rich? When Taehyung looked at Jeongguk again, he could have seen the signs. Jeongguk wore a slim black suit, with a white shirt, not to mention he looked stunning but that’s another story. There’s a microphone attached on his suit and the wire attached with his earpiece, which should be weird for a normal person.“Taehyung, I don’t know how to explain it to you but I don’t think you’ll be safe with us,” his mother sounded way more nervous than his father.“But why? You guys will only be gone for a few months and I’ll always have friends over, there’s even a guard at our gate as we speak. And even if there will be any danger, I’m skilled, you know it. I didn’t learn all those martial arts for nothing.”“Taehyung, son, you know how much we love you, this is just a precautionary step. A little, ‘what if’ step.”“I still don’t see the need for it. You know I’m more that-” he was interrupted by his father’s phone. Taehyung was annoyed, he just wanted to talk to his parents but because of the new project his parents are busier than ever. They hardly talk to each other and they all hardly have any meals together.His father started talking on the phone and Taehyung looked at Jeongguk. Jeongguk hasn’t said a word since they all sat. It’s not Jeongguk’s place to talk either but Taehyung wanted to know what’s happening. Taehyung kept looking and, in the moment, Jeongguk looked towards Taehyung. Brown eyes on brown eyes. Taehyung held his breathe, he couldn’t look away. Jeongguk’s face had no expression and it made it harder for Taehyung to understand what the other was thinking. They didn’t blink nor did they try to break the eye contact but Taehyung’s father voice caught Taehyung’s attention again.His father was speaking to him and he wasn’t sure since how long the conversation had been going on, he was too scared to ask now.“I’m sorry, son. This had to be this way. But we have to leave now. Please don’t give any trouble to Mr. Jeon, he’s only here to help.” His father stood up and walked towards the door. Taehyung was as confused as ever.He stood up and followed his parents out, they hugged and said their goodbyes and Taehyung told them to go rule over China, which made his mom laugh.Once his parents were gone he turned towards Jeongguk, who already started walking inside. Taehyung followed him in silence.It was four in the evening of a Sunday. He should be out with his friends but instead he was here, with Mr. Jeon Jeongguk.Taehyung wasn’t sure what to do next, how all of this was supposed to take place. Why on earth was he supposed to have a bodyguard and that too a man his age who looks as fine as he does. Has his parents never watched the old English classic ‘Bodyguard’?“I have questions,” Taehyung said and it made Jeongguk look at him. Taehyung still felt uneasy having Jeongguk’s eyes on him and he don’t know why.“How about we meet in next half an hour, here. And we can talk about all the details,” Jeongguk said. His voice softer than Taehyung remembered and it made Taehyung curse internally.Taehyung nodded at him and went to his room. Now even though they had a huge house, they only had one floor. Taehyung’s room was in the right corner and his parent’s room was in the left. The room parallel to Taehyung’s was a guest room, his cousins would stay there whenever they were visiting but now that room was occupied by Jeongguk. Great, now Taehyung had to see him every time he left his room. There were three more rooms in the house, all guest rooms.Taehyung closed his door as soon as he entered the room. He called Jimin, had to call Jimin.“Taehyung, we just hung out,” were the first word Taehyung heard when Jimin picked up.“Jimin, I have a bodyguard now so tell me how your whining is important.”“You have a what?” Jimin squealed.“Exactly, and I don’t know what to do. I was fine before but suddenly I am scared.”“Taehyung, are you alright? Like, are you in danger?” Jimin sounded concerned and it made Taehyung smile.“I’m okay, Jimin. At least that’s what I think. I don’t know, him and I are gonna sit and talk and I’m nervous. What if I’m in danger?”“Taehyung, let him explain, see what’s the matter. If you want I can come down to see you.”“I’ll let you know if I need you here.”They talked for some more before hanging up. Taehyung still had time and he started deciding if he should change his clothes? He was wearing very loose pants with a simple blue shirt. But what if Jeongguk thought that he wanted to impress him that’s why he changed? Taehyung couldn’t risk that. He contemplated all his options for next ten minutes and then it was time for the meet up.He walked in the living and found Jeongguk already sitting in one the chairs at the dinning table. Taehyung walked towards him and sat opposite to him.“So, you wanna tell me what’s going on?” Taehyung asked.“Yes, sir. As you know, your parents hired to take care of your safety. I’ll have one more member from my team living here with me. We’ll install few more cameras around the house and outside the house, we’ll not invade your privacy, so your room will remain camera free. To ensure your safety, I’ll be with you throughout the day. Now, do you any questions?” Jeongguk asked after he completed his briefing.“Yes, I do. First, please don’t call me ‘sir’, just call me Taehyung. And second, why? Why do I need safety all of a sudden? My parents are not celebrities and neither am I. What is all of this about?”Jeongguk looked confused for a second and then his expressionless face was back on. “I don’t know if it’s my place to say but as your bodyguard, I want you to understand the situation so that you can cooperate with me,” Jeongguk hesitated before continuing, “Your father started receiving images of you. In your room. Nothing explicit, lying in your bed, hanging out with your friends. Some were as creepy as you sleeping at 3am, this concerned your father. And they’re not sure if your room is bugged or if there is someone who enters your room to actually take pictures of you.”Taehyung sat stunned, his parents never said anything. He was scared and a shiver ran down his spine.“How long have they known?” Taehyung asked and started playing nervously with his fingers.“About few days, he contacted us a week back, wanted us here before his departure.”“Hmm,” was all Taehyung could utter. It was a lot to process, a lot to think about in that moment.“Is that all?” The hesitation in Jeongguk’s voice was clear.“How long are you staying?” He asked.“As long as we don’t catch the person behind those pictures.”“Okay.”“I need help form your end,” Jeongguk said. His posture firm, Taehyung was surprised that he hasn’t seen one expression on Jeongguk’s face.“That being?”“I want a list with images of all the people you’re in contact with on a day to day basis. All the person you work with for business,” Jeongguk looked down and in a low tone said, “or pleasure.” That made Taehyung smile. No matter what kind of a big shot Jeongguk thought he was, Taehyung suddenly had the upper hand in the whole conversation.“Even one night stands?” Taehyung smirked.“Umm, yes,” Jeongguk hesitated, not meeting the eyes.“But, don’t you think it’s misleading to ask a one night stand for a picture or for their phone number?” Taehyung leaned forward on his chair and put his chin between his hands.“I’ll let you handle that, I’m sure you’re clever enough to figure something out.”“I don’t think you know me well, Mr. Jeon,” Taehyung was still smirking, the tension in his shoulder from the news that Jeongguk dropped on him, was gone.“Moving forward, if you’re meeting someone or if someone if coming over, I do need names and if not shared before, numbers as well.”“Even One-”“Even one night stands,” Jeongguk finished for Taehyung.“Well then, we’ll see what can be done. I’ll share the list with you by the end of the night. I have some great pictures of some of my friends and they’ll die of embarrassment if I forward them to you, but now that you’ve ordered me-”“Please take my job seriously, sir. This might be a joke to you but it’s not for me,” Jeongguk said with a clenched jaw. Taehyung made a mental note to admire that jaw later.“And you think I’m not scared knowing someone out there is taking pictures of me from my bedroom? You think that’s what’s funny to me?” Taehyung didn’t mean it to sound that rude but he said what he said.“I- I didn’t mean it like that, just, please be cooperative.”“Anything else?” Taehyung wasn’t in a mood anymore.“Not really. Just share everything as soon as you can so I can start working on the profiles.”Taehyung gave him a nod.Jeongguk stood up from his spot and awkwardly started walking towards his assigned room.“I’ll try my best not to come invade your privacy and if I ended up crossing a line, please know it is for your safety. If anything, anyone makes you uncomfortable, do let me know. If you’re suspicious of anyone, let me know of them as well.” Jeongguk stayed at his place and Taehyung turned towards him.From this angle, Jeongguk looked tall, his features looked sharp but his face looked soft, his cheeks softer and it all made Taehyung smile.“Yes boss.” This got Jeongguk off guard, he looked at Taehyung with a confused expression.“Call me Jeongguk.”“Call me Taehyung, not sir.” Taehyung walked away towards the kitchen.When Taehyung was sure Jeongguk has left, he walked towards Seokjin’s room. Knocked a couple of times but when he heard no reply, he barged in.“Taehyung, leave.” Seokjin sounded pissed.“No, what are you even doing?” Taehyung walked towards his bed and sat in a corner.“I’m trying to sleep.”“It’s 7 o’clock.”“What is your point?”“You’ll be up all night and will drive me insane for the rest of the night and I can’t with all that. You can’t sleep now.” Seokjin turned towards Taehyung. A weak smile forming on his face.“I hate you, kid.”“Enough about me but have you seen that hot bodyguard I have now?”Seokjin rolled his eyes at him. “Things he said, sounded serious.”“You eavesdropping now?” Taehyung teased.“No, you guys were just that loud.”“We haven’t even done anything yet,” Taehyung winked and received a pillow thrown on his face.“You disgust me, Kim Taehyung. Now, get out of my room.” Seokjin covered his face with the blanket tried hard not to laugh.“Come on, let’s cook something, I’m starving.”Seokjin stood up from his bed, stretched his arms and started walking outside.“I’ll do the cooking, you just stand there and watch me, I asked you to make rice once and it took you 3 hours.”“I had no idea how to work the rice maker,” Taehyung said and laughed at the memory.“You’re impossible.” Once they sat for dinner, they talked lightly, talked about friends and family but ignored the whole Taehyung situation. Seokjin didn’t wanted to intrude, wanted Taehyung to talk to him when he was ready. But, if Seokjin was being honest to himself, he was sure Taehyung wouldn’t talk about it. It’s not his nature. He would worry when he’s alone but in front of the people, even those he calls his family.“Do you think he ate? He has been inside since he got here,” Seokjin asked.“I don’t know, I wanna go ask but I don’t wanna disturb him.”“Yeah, so, I wanted to ask how you feel after having a bodyguard?”“It hasn’t settled in yet, maybe tomorrow I’ll know for sure. Right now, there’s just this hot man in my house, who’s not even sleeping in the same bed as me.”Seokjin slapped Taehyung’s shoulder, “What is wrong with you? You can’t flirt with him.”“What? Why? He’s young, almost my age, is attractive and as long as he’s not uncomfortable, I think we’re good.” Taehyung smiled his signature smile at Seokjin and Seokjin shook his head in disapproval.“You’re gonna make him uncomfortable.”“He can let me know about it,” Taehyung said and started putting food in a fresh plate, “till then, I don’t think I need your grandpa advise.” He winked and walked towards Jeongguk’s room.“You’re stupid, you know that.”Taehyung wiggled his ass before knocking on Jeongguk’s door.It took Jeongguk a while to open it, still dressed in his suit, he walked aside to let Taehyung in.“I wasn’t sure if you’ve had dinner, so I got you food,” Taehyung’s voiced sounded way too innocent to himself, he cleared his throat.“Oh, thank you,” Jeongguk took the plate from Taehyung and walked towards his desk where he was working.Taehyung debated what to do for a while, to say there or to walk out. He walked towards Jeongguk’s bed and sat on it crossed leg.Jeongguk looked at him in confusion, “Are you gonna stay?”“Do you mind?”“It’s your house.”“It’s your room.”“Stay,” Jeongguk said and started eating his food. Taehyung thought there will be tension between them, not the sexual kind but the awkward king, but there was none.“About Seokjin.” Taehyung wasn’t sure if Jeongguk knew.“Yeah, what about him?” Jeongguk’s eyes were fixed on his food and Taehyung suppressed his laugh at how Jeongguk resembled a rabbit.“How much do you know of him?”“From my file, he’s adopted, working on becoming a chef. Wants to open a restaurant of his own.”Taehyung smiled. Seokjin’s dreams always made Taehyung smile.“He’s great, he is the best cook ever,” Taehyung smiled and Jeongguk gave him a nod.“His father worked for my father, they weren’t close friends or anything but his father looked up to my father. Seokjin and I were good friends, we used to meet in all these official parties and I have always looked up to him as my elder brother.” Taehyung passed.“His parents passed away, he was old enough to live alone but my father offer him a place to live. Seokjin, he does well around people, needs that push and support and since he has been here, I have been better as well. I see him as my brother. He is my brother.” Taehyung stayed quiet for a while.Jeongguk hadn’t interrupted him, hadn’t said a word. He just ate.“I guess the reason why I told you all this is, I don’t want you to treat him any differently from how you would have treated my real brother. Seokjin is my real brother. I was you to give him the same respect as that.”Jeongguk gave him a promising nod. Taehyung stood up and walked towards the door, “My friends will be here tomorrow, I would want you to meet them as they’ll be around a lot. If there’s someone from your staff that I need to know of, please do introduce me to them as well.” Jeongguk gave him a nod again. Taehyung wasn’t sure if Jeongguk was just a man of few words or he was just being professional.“Leave the door open.” Taehyung heard Jeongguk said as he was closing the door. He pushed it open and walked towards his own.Taehyung locked his door and after he has changed, tucked himself in. He was scared, he wasn’t going to lie to himself now. The mere fact that someone was in his room and took pictures of him, didn’t just made him uncomfortable but made his skin crawl. His mind started racing and he started thinking about every person he has ever known in the last five years or so. Who could it be?His thoughts were interrupted with a soft knock on his door. With hesitation Taehyung walked towards his door and found Jeongguk standing on the other side.“Can you keep your door open?” Jeongguk asked.“What? Why?”“I need to see you,” Jeongguk said and it made Taehyung’s voice hitch. “What?”“I mean, if I can see you, I’ll be able to know you’re safe and that way I’ll be able to sleep as well.”“But, what about that person?”“He can’t hurt you Taehyung, not till I’m here. My team will find him. Trust us.”Taehyung nodded. “I’ll keep the door open,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk turned to walk away.“Jeongguk,” Taehyung called out.“Yes,” Jeongguk turned.“Do you want me to keep it open even when I have a one night stand?” Taehyung smirked and Jeongguk just turned around and walked away, a small “Good Night” thrown towards him.Taehyung went to bed with a lighter mind, he couldn’t believe that that stupid talk with Jeongguk at his door has suddenly made his mood better. He laughed remembering the look on Jeongguk’s face when Jeongguk walked towards the door.Taehyung wasn’t sure how good of an idea it was to keep his door open. He tossed and turned for a while and then looked out his door, adjusted himself in an angle which game him access to look inside Jeongguk’s room. It was past midnight now but Taehyung could still see Jeongguk on his work desk, his side profile clear in the dim light of his table lamp. The lights of the room were off and Jeongguk was typing something on his laptop.Taehyung smiled, he felt good knowing someone else cared for his safety as well, even if it was just their job and even if Taehyung’s dad was giving him good money for it. It still felt good.Jeongguk turned his face and looked inside Taehyung’s room. Taehyung closed his eyes in shook, as if caught doing something wrong. He smiled and opened his eyes again. Jeongguk can’t see him. Jeongguk could see a figure on a bed but he couldn’t see the man himself or his eyes on Jeongguk. It was dark in Taehyung’s room, little light coming in from in between the curtains.Taehyung could see Jeongguk adjusting for a better angle, failing and turning back to his laptop.“He’s so cute.” Taehyung smiled.Taehyung’s life was about to change, with or without Jeongguk in it. But he knew Jeongguk was going to play a major role in it. And maybe, just maybe, he would like him in the frame as well.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung tip-toed in Jeongguk’s. It wasn’t what he initially planned but when he realized that Jeongguk sleeps with his door unlocked, he walked right in. Jeongguk wasn’t there. It was empty. He had no idea where Jeongguk could be so he had to move fast. He looked around the place. Jeongguk has settled in. His stuff arranged in order except for his shirt which he wore yesterday, it was there on the chair he was working on last night.Taehyung picked it up and kept on snooping around. It was hard to find anything; the whole room was so clean. There was a laptop on the table but he knew better to try and open it. There were no diaries, no notes, nothing. Taehyung wasn’t sure what he wanted to find when he entered but now he just wanted something, anything.“What are you doing?” came Jeongguk’s voice from the door and Taehyung’s soul practically felt his body. He squeezed his eyes shut, scared, to think or any excuse he could.Slowly, he turned around and said, “This is my house.”“And this is my room,” Jeongguk eyed him and Taehyung felt shy, “Your point?”“Mr. Jeon, I don’t have to take permission to roam around my house,” Taehyung wanted to sound confident but he was sure he was failing. Taehyung still had his night pajama-shirt on but Jeongguk was in another one of the suits.“You’re in my room.” Taehyung didn’t wanted to argue.“I was going to make breakfast so I wanted to know what you’re gonna have. You weren’t here so I thought I’ll just sit and wait for you,” Taehyung smiled proudly. This should work.“Seokjin told me you can’t cook.” Jeongguk said and leaned on his doorframe with a wicked smile on his face. Seokjin is in trouble. That’s for sure.Taehyung took a deep breath and sprinted out of the room. Taehyung saw the way Jeongguk’s lips turned into a smile when he ran past him. That asshole, Taehyung thought. After about an hour when Taehyung and Seokjin were done with breakfast and cleaning up they sat to discuss what needed to be done but they were interrupted by Jeongguk.“A few of my team members will come here, one will stay in the same house.” Taehyung heard Jeongguk loud and clear but acted like he was still talking to Seokjin.“And Sir- Taehyung,” that got Taehyung’s attention and he turned towards Jeongguk with his boxy smile.“If there’s anything I need to know about you or your personal life, please share it with me. It’s important and I want you to take all of this very seriously. I also don’t want you snooping around my room.” The smile from Taehyung’s face was gone and he looked down towards his legs and just said a soft, “okay. Sorry.”Jeongguk was about to say something but he stopped himself. He then turned towards Seokjin and asked him if he could talk to him in person.Taehyung has never trusted anyone as much as he had trusted Seokjin. So, if there was something that Jeongguk was up to, Seokjin would have told him.Taehyung messaged Hoseok and Jimin instead. Asked them if they can come by. Hoseok said he was still in his class and would take about an hour to get there and Jimin said he’ll drop by with Hoseok. They asked if the rest of the people should come as well and Taehyung said no, he wasn’t in a mood to talk to people right now.With the corner of his eyes he noticed movements in the house. He put his phone in his pocket and saw a few people entering and exiting the house. Seokjin and Jeongguk were done talking and were observing the people as well.Then entered a tall man, his hair parted from the side and he looked around as if he owned the place. Taehyung eyed him from head to toe, even thought he was dressed in a suit, he didn’t look like the bodyguard to him. The man smiled when he noticed Jeongguk and walked towards him with his dimples on display.“Seokjin, this is Kim Namjoon, my head,” Namjoon held out his hand towards Seokjin.Seokjin’s mouth was closed and he just gave him a nod and his hand. “And Namjoon, this is Seokjin, you can say, he is the head of the house.” Taehyung heard that. Taehyung totally heard that.“I’m the head of the house,” Taehyung said from behind with his arms crossed over his chest. Seokjin gave him a soft smile and Namjoon with smiled and nodded. “You must be Taehyung.”“Damn right I am.” Taehyung walked towards them.“Well, it’s nice to finally meet you, Jeongguk sent his report yesterday and I wanted to meet you in person. So, I hope it’s okay that I dropped by,” Namjoon said.“He sent out what?” Taehyung turned towards Jeongguk who had a blank expression on his face.“Oh, well it’s just work. You’re our client and the reports help us keep records of things, nothing that you should be worried about.”“Can I read it?”“It’s confidential.”“It’s about me. I want to know.”“You should just ask Jeongguk then.” Namjoon was a hard one to crack. With that smile, he would and could fool the world.Taehyung dropped it as soon as another person entered. The shortest in the room. All soft features and wow, what skin. He walked straight to Namjoon and said, “All clear. Nothing to worry about.”Namjoon gave him a nod.“This is Min Yoongi, head of security.” Namjoon smiled as he introduced Yoongi. Taehyung noticed that Seokjin hasn’t said anything in a while now which was very odd.“He’ll also be staying in the same house, if you don’t have an extra room, he can stay with Jeongguk.”“I want Yoongi to stay in my room. It’ll be easier.” Jeongguk turned towards Namjoon as he started explaining him stuff Taehyung gave no shit about. Instead, Taehyung kept his eyes on Seokjin.“He’s tall, right?” Taehyung leaned towards Seokjin as he said that.“Hmm.”“Is that why you’re nervous?” Taehyung laughed.“Taehyung, I swear to god, I’ll make you cook your own lunch if you say another word.” Seokjin threatened Taehyung who just kept on laughing.When everyone was done adjusting their stuff. Namjoon took the couch to complete some work on his laptop, even if he was just on his social media sites, Taehyung couldn’t tell or cared.Yoongi was still walking around the house to see where all they could plant a CCTV. Then entered the life of the party. Jimin and Hoseok.They could be heard from a mile before they enter the room. Taehyung smiled to himself. Hoseok could he heard talking to Jimin about how fun the dance practice was today.When they entered they eyed the living room, looked at all the new faces and with a confuse expression walked towards Taehyung. Taehyung had already informed them about the changes so he couldn’t understand. Without another words, they started walking towards Taehyung’s room.Right before Taehyung was about to close the door to have privacy Hoseok, very loudly said, “That tiny guy outside Jin’s room is so cute.” And started laughing. Taehyung just shook his head and closed the door.“You think he’s cute?” Taehyung smirked.“Not like I would date but like maybe I’ll go for a coffee,” Hoseok laid himself on Taehyung’s bed, probably exhausted from all the dancing.“Why are they all so good looking? Are you sure they’re here as your bodyguards and not applying for some modeling jobs,” Jimin said and laid next to Hoseok.Taehyung pulled out a chair and sat without uttering a word. “It’s weird,” Taehyung said after a while of silence.“What is?” Hoseok asked with his face still looking at the ceiling.“Having people looking at all my moves, keeping tabs on me, it’s weird.”“Yeah but you know it’s for your own safety. If what you’ve told us is really what’s happening, we can’t risk it. You’re too important,” Jimin said as a matter of fact and it made Taehyung smile. It made his heart pick up a beat. It’s not like he didn’t know of Jimin and Hoseok’s love towards him, it was just nice to hear about it once in a while.The door opened and Seokjin let himself in, walked over to Taehyung and pulled out another chair for himself.“You’ll be okay with all this?” He asked.“I have to be.”“if anything makes you uncomfortable, you let me know. I asked them if they’ll put any cameras in your room and they said that’s not necessary as someone will always be with you, so you’re in good hands.”Taehyung smiled for a second. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t scared of the situation. He was, but his intention wasn’t to make Seokjin worry with him or for him.“Who did you talk to?” Taehyung asked to change the subject.“Namjoon,” Seokjin said and looked away.“The guy you’ve been drooling over?” Taehyung teased and started laughing when Seokjin turned towards him and opened his mouth to speak but words didn’t come out.“I was not,” Seokjin finally said.“I’ve never seen you so nervous or quiet in front of anyone ever, you’re so confident all the time and in front of Namjoon, you couldn’t even say your own name. Jeongguk had to introduce you.” This got Jimin and Hoseok’s attention and they sat up.“He froze?” Jimin yelled in excitement.“I didn’t freeze.”“Oh my god, he totally did,” Hoseok joined in and Jimin and him started laughing.“I did not. You guys are pathetic. Jeongguk was introducing Namjoon so I thought he’ll introduce me as well that’s why I didn’t say anything.”“All I hear is-” A knock on the door stopped Taehyung’s comment.“Yes,” Taehyung yelled and when the door opened, a confused Jeongguk stood outside.“Seokjin, if you have a minute, Namjoon would like to talk to you,” Jeongguk said. Taehyung turned towards Jimin and Hoseok who tried their best not to laugh but ended up bursting into laughter and Seokjin stood, hit each of them on their heads and threatened them that he’ll never cook for them again.When Seokjin walked out he saw Namjoon wasn’t there so he asked Jeongguk, who informed him that he was outside as he had to rush for a meeting.Seokjin took a deep breath before he walked out. Namjoon stood by his car and the atmosphere intimidated Seokjin. He kept his eyes fixed on Namjoon when he walked towards him, a little smile on his face as a greeting.“You wanted to talk,” Seokjin said.“Yes, I-I, you are, you think, you-” Namjoon stopped himself before he could embarrass himself anymore.“Maybe we should start again,” Seokjin laughed.“Yes, I’m sorry,” Namjoon started laughing with him. Seokjin noticed that Namjoon wasn’t looking at him, his eyes were either on the group or at Seokjin’s head but never directly at Seokjin. He smirked at that. Maybe he had the upper-hand in all of this.“It’s about Taehyung, I trust Jeongguk and Yoongi with my life and I trust that they’ll do everything in their power to keep him safe but I need your help to ensure everything happens smoothly,” Namjoon didn’t stutter.“Sure, tell me.”“From what I gathered about Taehyung after meeting with him and from Jeongguk’s report is, he’s a bit impulsive. He’ll do whatever he wants to do. We just want to make sure he don’t get himself in any danger. Like, there will be some restrictions and I don’t know if he’ll follow those but he trusts you, I’m sure he’ll let you know if he’s planning on doing something, we just want you to stop him. I think you’ll be the only one who’ll be able to do it.” Namjoon looked a bit uncertain, as if he wasn’t sure if Seokjin would want to help or not.“I’ll do anything for Taehyung. Even if I have to beat his ass and make him sit at home, I’ll do it.”This made Namjoon laugh. He pressed his lips and displayed his dimples again and bobbed his head and shoulders as he laughed.“Thank you and just inform us if he’s up to something or if there’s something he’s hiding. The more we know, the better.” Seokjin gave him a nod at that.“And Mr. Kim,” Namjoon started again.“Please, just call me Seokjin or Jin. But not Mr.”“Seokjin, as much as we want to catch whoever is behind this, we have to make sure Taehyung is safe. His safety is priority, finding the culprit comes next,” Namjoon explain and Seokjin stayed quiet.“But your safety is priority as well.” When Namjoon said that he looked straight in Seokjin’s eyes and Seokjin’s heart started racing. All of it felt a little too intimate to him. Seokjin swallowed, his throat too dry.“I’ll make sure no harm is done to you,” Namjoon said but this time his tone was a lot softer.Seokjin couldn’t reply. Couldn’t make the words form a sentence.“And well, yes, please just let us know if you both need anything at all. And about Taehyung, yes, do let us know if he’s up to something,” Namjoon changed the subject, he felt like he made Seokjin uncomfortable.“I’ll let Jeongguk know,” Seokjin said, his voice sounded weird even to himself.“Or you can let me know,” Namjoon said and pulled out his card for Seokjin. “I’m sure Jeongguk already has a lot on his plate, it’ll be better if you let me know and I’ll take it from there.”“Okay,” Seokjin said and took the card from Namjoon.“I’m sorry, I’ve to rush. It was really nice to meet you.” Namjoon bowed to him and as he was about to sit in his car Seokjin said, “Join us for dinner.”“What?” Namjoon turned around and he looked confused.“I’m making dinner for everyone as you all are our guest and you guys are helping us so much, you should join us if you’re not too busy.” Seokjin could hear his own heart. It was loud and fast. Blood rushed towards his face.“Oh, that’s very kind of you. I don’t want you bother you more than I’ve-” before Namjoon could finish himself Seokjin spoke up, “It’s not a bother, I insist.”“I’ll try my best. I don’t know how long this meeting with go but if I could end it fast, I’ll join you for dinner,” Namjoon said and thanked him again before getting in the car.Seokjin didn’t correct him when he said he would join him for dinner. Seokjin just turned the card in his hand a few times before he kept it in his pocket. Jeongguk and Yoongi took turns to check all the security cameras. They wanted to make sure everything was in place. When Yoongi finally went to Jeongguk’s room with his suitcase, Jeongguk said, “He called you cute.”“Who?” Yoongi didn’t even look back, eyes focused on his stuff.“That friend on Taehyung,” Jeongguk was full on smirking.“Yeah, whatever,” Yoongi didn’t wanted to get into this. He knew all of it was wrong.“You know we technically don’t work with him, so you might still have a chance.”“I’m not interested, this is my first day here, stop making it difficult.”“I’m just saying, there’s no harm,” Jeongguk just wanted Yoongi to be out there. It’s been so long since he has seen Yoongi with someone, it has gotten to a point where Jeongguk would just push Yoongi to any person who would show interest.“It’s not right and you know it.”“So, if it was right, you would have been down for it?” Jeongguk won’t drop it.“I’ll not get ahead of myself, I have a lot of work to do and if you wanna play, go find Taehyung.”Yoongi hasn’t dated anyone in a long time now, maybe since he left college. He has forced himself to work hard to provide for his family. Relationships were hard when you’re working 24/7. You hardly get time to meet or talk over the phone. Texting wasn’t something Yoongi was interested in so he never considered it as an option.He has tried dating, it never worked out. So, he has stopped forcing himself to go after every person he found slightly interesting.After a while when they all were done with shifting all of Yoongi’s stuff in Jeongguk’s room, Seokjin called them all for dinner.It wasn’t dinner time though but no one protested. It was pretty early but everyone was tired enough to consider the early dinner.They had two small square tables.“We attach them together whenever we have guests otherwise we just use this one for us,” Taehyung explained.“We’ll eat on this one,” Jeongguk pointed towards the one on the right, “You guys can eat over there.”Seokjin, Jimin and Hoseok started arranging dinner. Seokjin made a lot. It took him hours but he finally was able to pull off the dinner.When they all sat to eat Seokjin kept glancing at the front door, hoped to see Namjoon walking in any minute.“Looking for someone?” Taehyung teased and Seokjin looked back at the table and realized that everyone has already started eating and he hasn’t even served himself yet.“No, I was just making sure the doors are locked.”“Sure, you were.”They all ate while making small talks. Hoseok, Jimin and Taehyung talked about the places they all could visit now that everyone was kind of free. Seokjin just kept nodding, his mind too occupied with wheatear Namjoon would show up or not. Deep down Seokjin knew the chances of all of that were really slim. With the way Namjoon hurried for the meeting, it looked important and important things tend to run late.Seokjin saw that Jeongguk and Yoongi served a second plate for themselves, it made him smile. They were eating well and for all the hard work they have done for Taehyung they deserved it.Seokjin wasn’t hungry much, he ate all he could and he was done for the night. Right when he was about to get up to put his plate away the front door opened and in walked Namjoon.Namjoon searched the room for Seokjin and when his eyes landed on him, he gave him the brightest smile. Seokjin was too stunned to smile back, so he just kept looking.“What are you doing here?” Yoongi asked.“I wanted to check if you have settled in.” Namjoon lied.“You never do that,” Jeongguk noted and turned back to look at Seokjin, who stood with his plate in his hand.“Well, it’s a surprise then.”“Sit, we were just having dinner, I’ll get you a plate,” Taehyung said when he realized Seokjin was incapable of words.Seokjin let Taehyung take the charge and sat down with a smile on his face. He hoped that Namjoon wouldn’t notice. Seokjin wasn’t sure why all of it made him happy. It wasn’t like he could sit with Namjoon or talk to him, he wasn’t even sure if he wanted to talk to him.Seokjin never glanced back, never looked back to see if Namjoon was looking or not. He kept his face straight and ate some more.Once they were all done, the debate on who should clean up started. Seokjin said he shouldn’t do it as he cooked and no one had any reply to that. So, he sat down of a chair and watched them fight. Suddenly they heard a loud noise from the kitchen and when they turned they all saw Namjoon there.“Don’t tell me,” Yoongi said and started laughing, this was the first time any of them saw Yoongi laugh, expect, of course, Jeongguk. Who joined Yoongi.“I was just waiting for it,” Jeongguk said and slapped the table as he laughed. Seokjin stood up and walked towards the kitchen, he saw that a plate was shattered in front of Namjoon’s leg.“Oh my god, are you okay?” Seokjin rushed towards Namjoon with concern.“Yes, I-I’m fine. I’m so sorry, I was putting it in the sink, it slipped and, I’m so sorry.”“It’s fine, it’s just a plate. You didn’t hurt yourself, right?” Namjoon was taken aback by the sudden concern in Seokjin’s voice. His expression was different as well. Jeongguk and Yoongi used to look at him like that in the beginning but not anymore. Now they’re too used to Namjoon’s mess.“Seokjin, you don’t have to worry, Namjoon has a thing for breaking stuff,” Jeongguk said and laughed again.Namjoon started picking up the pieces of the plate and Seokjin helped him. They both picked the piece in silence stealing glances at each other.“Well, that leaves the five of us,” Jimin said. Taehyung, Jeongguk, Yoongi and Hoseok all went to where Jimin stood. They did several rounds of ‘rock, paper, scissor’ till only two of them remained.“I don’t wanna do it,” Taehyung whined.“Stop being a kid, this is what you deserve,” Jimin laughed.It was Yoongi and Taehyung’s turn to clean the dishes, after Namjoon and Seokjin were done with cleaning they sat with the rest and watched Taehyung and Yoongi bicker for a while. Yoongi turned to Seokjin and said, “I can cook as well, I’ll help you from tomorrow, I don’t wanna be stuck doing things with this kid.”“This kid has a name,” Taehyung said sarcastically.“I don’t care.” Yoongi rolled his eyes.Taehyung and him started cleaning in silence. Taehyung kept saying few things now and then to fill the silence but Yoongi never replied. Taehyung turned to see what the rest were up to and saw Jeongguk laugh at something Seokjin said. His laugh was as beautiful as him and Taehyung smiled.He turned his attention back at Yoongi and with a smirk on his face he said, “Hoseok, that’s his name.”Yoongi turned to him in complete silence, “So?”“I thought you should know.”“And why is that?” Yoongi wasn’t having it but Taehyung was determined.“Because since we’ve been here washing dishes, this is the first time you’ve replied to me.” That made Yoongi quiet again.Taehyung smiled, felt good to have an upper hand on Yoongi. Once they all were done with cleaning, Namjoon asked Yoongi if he could talk to him. Yoongi said needed to activate the night cameras and he would be done in few minutes.Jeongguk went with Yoongi in the room to help him. Jimin said he and Hoseok should leave and Taehyung said he would walk them out. That left Namjoon and Seokjin alone in the kitchen.After a few minutes of silence Seokjin took the initiative, “Thanks for coming, I didn’t know if you would.”“You called, so I had to,” Namjoon teased and it relaxed the atmosphere a bit.“I’ll bug you for stupid things, mind you,” Seokjin said.“I’m looking forward to that,” Namjoon pressed his lips as he smiled, his dimples popped out.“How was the meeting though?” Seokjin felt too domestic as he asked that. They met just few hours ago, a question like that was a bit too personal.“We’ll see tomorrow.”“They cancelled?”“I postponed,” Namjoon kept smiling.“W-why would you do that?” Seokjin could feel his heartbeat getting faster. This wasn’t supposed to happen.“This is Yoongi’s first day here, I wanted to make sure he was all settled in,” Namjoon said and it felt like a punch to Seokjin. He felt stupid that he had his hopes high. Namjoon is just Yoongi’s boss. Just a guy Seokjin would have to see every now and then.“And how can I say no to delicious food?” Seokjin gave a weak smile to Namjoon at that.“Glad you liked the food.”They both stood in silence again but this time it was awkward, Seokjin felt like he made it awkward by getting his hopes high.“Will I be seeing more of you?” Seokjin found himself asking. He never planned on asking him such a question but there was no harm.“Not unless I’m required. Yoongi and Jeongguk are highly trained, so, if they don’t need me, I’ll not be here.” Seokjin could feel a little sadness in his tone but he brushed it off, he was being delusional.“But if Taehyung does something that Yoongi and Jeongguk aren’t aware of, you can let me know and I’ll be here.” Seokjin just gave him a nod. He could feel Namjoon’s card in his pocket.Before he could reply to that Yoongi walked towards them, “Let’s go?” he asked Namjoon. Namjoon stepped away in Yoongi’s direction.“Thank you, Seokjin. For the dinner and your company. I’ll see you around?” Namjoon gave him a little bow.“I’ll see you around,” Seokjin said in a soft voice and bowed as well.Yoongi and Namjoon walked out and on their way Yoongi just laughed and looked at Namjoon, “You’re shit at flirting, so formal.”“Shut up,” Namjoon replied with a shy smile.Outside they found Taehyung, Jimin and Hoseok, they were talking in low voice with their eyes fixed on Jimin’s phone.“Oh god, no, really? That’s bad, I feel so sorry for her,” Taehyung said and Hoseok laughed. Punched him on his arm slightly which made Jimin laugh.Taehyung looked up and saw Yoongi and Namjoon, then he looked back Jimin and Hoseok and said that he should leave. He wanted to talk to Jeongguk about tomorrow.They all said their goodbyes with hugs and laughter and Taehyung ran inside.Jimin walked towards Yoongi and Namjoon and Hoseok followed him. Yoongi was confused.“I don’t think we have officially met, Taehyung just has a lot going on so he forgot to introduce us,” Jimin said and held out his hand, “I’m Jimin, one of his friends.” He smiled when Yoongi and Namjoon shook hands with him, they said their names respectively.“Hoseok.” He held out his hand towards Namjoon and Namjoon greeted him with a smile. Then he turned his hand towards Yoongi, “Nice to meet you.”“Yoongi,” Yoongi said after a second and when he took Hoseok’s hand in his, it felt warm and soft. Long fingers wrapped around his thin frame. “Likewise,” he said after a while.“Well, we should head home, thank you for taking care of Taehyung, if you guys need anything or any help, we’re always here,” Jimin said with a smile. Yoongi was still looking at Hoseok.“Yes, sure. Thank you,” Namjoon said and they all said their goodbyes. When Hoseok looked at Yoongi to say Goodnight, Yoongi felt like he was caught in action. He felt embarrassed, he looked down and Hoseok laughed.Once they were gone, Yoongi cleared his throat and asked Namjoon why they were out in the cold.“I want to talk to you about something,” Namjoon started.“Is this about Seokjin?”“Is it that obvious?”“You missed a meeting, do you want me to say more?” Yoongi folded his hands.“Okay, I didn’t miss a meeting, I postponed a meeting, there’s a difference,” Namjoon tried to justify.“Namjoon, we’ve been trying to get them for over three months now and you risked that.”Namjoon stayed quiet at that. He hadn’t thought it through, that was for sure.“Would you have wanted me to go in a meeting with a distracted mind?”“No, but I wanted you to tell me so that we could go together.” Yoongi wasn’t angry, he just wanted things to work out. He wanted Namjoon to use his brain, “IQ that high for what?” Yoongi laughed and Namjoon relaxed. They are okay.“I bet you just didn’t wanted to talk about the meeting, so what is it?”“I gave him my number,” Namjoon said as low as he could.“You what?” Yoongi was surprised, Namjoon wasn’t like that.“Like, not in a ‘call me, we should go out’ way but more in a ‘If Taehyung does something stupid, let me know’ way,” Namjoon clarified.“And what did he say?”“Nothing, that’s what I’m scare of. I’m so confused. Like, at times I think there’s something and the next I think I’m reading too much into it.” Namjoon took a deep breathe and exhaled. His head felt heavy.“Namjoon, you’re being too hard on yourself, you guys just met. Give it time, if there’s something, you’ll know,” Yoongi said in a calm voice.“But how? We’ll hardly meet, it’s not like I can just drop by any time, I’ll have to make excuses to be around and I am shit at excuses. And if we don’t see each other often, he’ll get over it.”“He’ll get over it?” Yoongi questioned.“Yes, have you seen him? He looks like a Greek God, if I get into it, I’m never getting over,” Namjoon tried to joke but it felt too real. Yoongi just gave him a half smile.“We’ll figure something out, maybe you’ll be required more than we planned. We’ll see what can be done. You sure about this though?”“About what?” Namjoon looked at Yoongi in confusion.“Seokjin.”“No, I’ll be honest. I just think it’s the first day infatuation and we’ll all wake up tomorrow feeling stupid.”“You’re thinking too much, just go home and sleep on it.” Yoongi pushed Namjoon towards his car.Namjoon always came to Yoongi for advice because no matter how hard it was Yoongi would never lie to him, never sugar-quote things for him. He would never give him false hopes and Namjoon liked that. He wanted to told the truth. He wanted to know thing as they are rather than a manipulated version of it.Namjoon left with a goodbye. Yoongi stayed out for a while longer. He should have gone for a vacation just like Namjoon suggested a month ago, he shouldn’t have been here but Jeongguk asked for him and he couldn’t say no to Jeongguk.This was Yoongi’s last project before his hiatus. Yoongi just wanted this job to be done with, wanted nothing more than to catch the culprit and to be out in different countries. He planned on sleeping a lot and could go for a night travel but those are just plans. Namjoon and Jeongguk asked him if they could join but he wanted to do this alone. He wanted to be alone. Once inside, Taehyung went to wish Seokjin but Seokjin was already in his bed. He then walked towards Jeongguk’s room.“Are you free?” He knocked at the door with a question. The door was already open but Jeongguk looked busy.“Yes, do you need something?” Jeongguk looked up from his laptop.“I wanted to talk,” Taehyung stayed at the door.“Sure, come on in,” Jeongguk smiled and gestured towards his bed, “You can take that, I’ll sit here.”“What is it about?” Jeongguk asked.“I know you’ll not tell me what you wrote in that report, so, I’ll just talk about other things,” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk let out a soft laugh.Taehyung walked towards the bed and sat on the edge with his legs crossed. Jeongguk adjusted his chair so he was facing Taehyung.“I thought about what you said and well, I wanna help. Like, my friends, they’re coming tomorrow. They drop by a lot, I’ll give you a list with names, so it’s easier. I’m close to all of them so, if you’ll see them as suspects please don’t make it very obvious. But if you’re sure about someone, then I would want you to tell me.”Jeongguk just nodded at that.“So, enough about me, tell me about yourself.”“What about me?” Jeongguk asked.“Are you single?” Taehyung winked.“That’s personal,” Jeongguk said, his voice sounded weird but he ignored it.“Are we not friends?”“You’re my client.”“Don’t make it weird, I want us to be friends,” Taehyung sounded hopeful and Jeongguk kept looking at his face. Taehyung had sharp features but he looked soft in the night light.“Don’t make it hard on me.”“I’m a great friend, ask anyone,” Taehyung protested.“What do you do?” Jeongguk asked instead.“What?” Taehyung asked in confusion, his head tilted towards the right. He wasn’t sure he understood Jugnkook’s questions.“I mean, you’re in your early twenties, from what I’ve gathered, you don’t go to school or college anymore, so, what do you do?”“For living?” Taehyung asked with hesitation.“You can take it as that.”“I help my dad?” Taehyung meant it as a statement but it came out as a question.“Okay, so that’s all.” Taehyung felt like the conversation was coming to an end.“I take pictures, I draw,” Taehyung said as Jeongguk stood up from his seat.“What?” Jeongguk turned towards Taehyung.“I’m a paid photographer, it started as a hobby but then people started liking it, so I take pictures. More like, I help with portfolios and stuff like that, help bloggers and all. My charges are less because I only wanted to do it for fun but I started getting a lot of requests and it started getting hectic so Jimin and Hoseok came up with a charging chart. It feels good to earn this way, I don’t have to rely on my parents anymore and it don’t make me seem like the rich brat people think I’m.” Taehyung kept his eyes on Jeongguk. Noticed the expression change from confusion to understanding.“You still do it, I mean, during my stay here, do you still plan on doing it?” Jeongguk asked and sat back down.“Why? Do you want me to take pictures of you?” Taehyung teased and leaned forward towards Jeongguk.“I don’t mean it like that,” Jeongguk hesitated.“I’ll not charge you,” Taehyung teased again.“I mean, if you’ll continue it, I’ll need a list of all your clients, past, present and whoever approaches you.”“You’re so boring, this is all business to you.” Taehyung huffed and leaned back on the bed.“I’m serious, Taehyung, it’s important and you said you’ll help.”“Okay, yes, I’ll,” Taehyung said and put his hands up in surrender.“What do you draw?” Jeongguk asked.“What?”“You said you draw,” Jeongguk was curious.“I-I, I’m not that good. It’s rough and it’s mostly for me,” Taehyung felt nervous, he kept his eyes down and started playing with his knee to distract himself.“Anything you can show?” Jeongguk asked in a soft voice after he saw the hesitation in Taehyung.“The one above your desk,” Taehyung said in a whisper, prayed that Jeongguk hadn’t heard him. But the movement on Jeongguk’s end said otherwise. Jeongguk stood up to look at the picture. It was a bed, drawn in dark shadows, sheets a mess and pillows puffed on one side. The walls were dark because of the shadows that came from the window.“It’s beautiful,” Jeongguk said and sounded a bit breathless.Taehyung kept his eyes down, gaze fixed on the floor.“What does it mean?” Jeongguk asked.All of this was too intimate for Taehyung, his art was his own. It wasn’t like no one knew but no one cared enough to ask. Jimin and Hoseok were more into the kind of art that speaks. The kind like dance, that moves and can be expressed through your body. They have praised Taehyung’s art but they never really understood it. Seokjin on the other end have stayed quiet. He was the kind who praise with their silence. He always looked at Taehyung with so much pride after Taehyung showed him one of his work that it would warm his heart.Taehyung has never spoken about his work, never expressed them in words.“It’s about lovers,” Taehyung said and looked up. Jeongguk was still looking at the picture with awe and it did something to Taehyung. He kept looking at Jeongguk’s face, his mouth open in surprise.“It’s a good love story,” Jeongguk turned towards Taehyung and smiled as he said that.“You-you think so? Why?” Taehyung asked. He was the first one who said that.“The sheets make it look like they had a great night,” Jeongguk said while he kept his eyes on the wall and Taehyung kept his eyes on him.“People always say it has a sad tone to it,” Taehyung pointed.“Because of the dark shadows? It looks more like during the hard time, they still pulled through.”Taehyung was amazed, he kept looking. He was confused. Jeongguk wasn’t supposed to get it. “Do you want to, maybe-”“Am I interrupting something?” Yoongi said as he entered the room.“Oh no, Taehyung came to inform his friends will be here tomorrow,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung walked towards the door.“The ones we saw today?” Yoongi asked.“And more,” Taehyung said and then he turned to Yoongi and winked, “Don’t worry, Hoseok will be there.”“Send us a list of everyone who’ll be here,” Yoongi said as he rolled his eyes.“He said he’ll send it by the morning,” Jeongguk replied instead.“I’ll see you guys tomorrow, goodnight.” Taehyung started closing the door and then it hit him, “And Yoongi, treat this as your home.”“I shouldn’t,” Yoongi stated. “This is my work place, if I treat it like home, I’ll not be doing my job.”“Okay, I mean, relax now and then. If you need something, Seokjin and I are here.”They all said goodnight and Taehyung walked in his room, he was about to shut the door when he remembered how Jeongguk has asked him to keep it open.He went to bed shortly after. He kept looking at Jeongguk’s room every now and then. The light was still on but Jeongguk wasn’t at his desk, maybe he was helping Yoongi.Taehyung tossed and turned for a while. Tomorrow will be dramatic, if he could, he would have asked his friends to meet him somewhere else or at someone else’s house but he knew Jeongguk would’ve said no.Hoseok and Jimin promised him that they’ll be there for him and he trust them. Taehyung tried distracting himself, he thought of Hoseok and if Hoseok was serious when he called Yoongi cute or he just meant it as an observation? He needed to figure that out. What was up with Seokjin as well? Him and Namjoon seemed weird. He needed to talk about that as well.After Jeongguk was done with Yoongi’s task, he turned all lights off, he looked at Taehyung’s room and saw that Taehyung has his door open. Jeongguk smiled to himself, maybe they could be friends if this went well.



Chapter End Notes
Done did that! I'm really sorry it took me a while to update this, I wasn't well the last few weeks so I just couldn't write.Anyway, I hope you like the starting on Namjin and idk if i'll call this the start of Yoonseok yet.Let me know what you think of the chapter and which all parts you liked.Thank you


Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jeongguk found himself in Taehyung’s room surrounded by Taehyung’s friends. There were easily around ten people in the room and by the look of that he could tell that Taehyung was popular.Jeongguk walked towards a corner and stood there for a while, he was in his casuals as he doesn’t feel like suiting up for a bunch of people.With the crowd in the room, Taehyung was nowhere to be seen and neither was Jimin or Hoseok. The ten people just sat on Taehyung’s bed and kept eyeing Jeongguk, would point at him or would just laugh. Jeongguk couldn’t care less.Yoongi was with Seokjin, he wanted to learn all the ins and outs of the house and Seokjin was more than happy to help. Jeongguk stayed at his position for about fifteen more minutes before Taehyung walked in with a bunch of people. A girl with straight blonde hair in a mini skirt, she looked like she walked right out of a photoshoot. Right next to the girl was a guy around Taehyung’s height, brown hair and ripped jeans. Too ripped for Jeongguk’s taste. Behind them were the trio.Taehyung entered with a loud laugh and stopped as soon his eyes landed on Jeongguk. He ushered the guests to take a seat in his room and walked towards Jeongguk. When he was sure no one could hear them, he said in a low voice, “Why are you here?”“It’s my job,” Jeongguk said.“To be in my room?” Taehyung stepped closer just to make sure that his voice wasn’t heard by a third person. He could see Jeongguk tensed up and he smiled.“Yes.”“Then why aren’t you here during the night?” Taehyung couldn’t have let it go.“This is not the time to joke, go back,” Jeongguk said and took a step backwards.“But why are you here and why are you wearing black sunglasses indoors?” Taehyung asked.“I’m keeping an eye on them, everyone’s a suspect and I need to study them. To make sure they’ll not harm you.”“Just because you case so much about me,” Taehyung smirked and poked Jeongguk’s chest, “I’ll let it pass.” He happily walked back to his friends who were talking about some photography assignment for Taehyung.There were way too many people who were there for Jeongguk to focus on, so he made sure to look at each and every one of them specially when they were close to Jeongguk. The new guy, Hyu, sat next to Taehyung for the majority of the time, with the girl in the shirt, Una. They all sat and laughed for a while but the guy kept looking back at Jeongguk.Jeongguk could see that Hyu would lean too close to Taehyung and would whisper something in his ear that would get a laugh out of Taehyung. Hyu’s touches weren’t so friendly either but from what Jeongguk had known of Taehyung in the last few days, he could say that Taehyung was one of the most clingiest person he has witness so maybe it was all normal.Taehyung stood up and asked everyone if they wanted something to which everyone started ordering their drinks. When Taehyung complained that he only got two hands and a small tray, Hyu got up from his place and offered to help.“We get it you’re dating, stop being annoying,” Una said and Jeongguk froze on his spot. The whole room busted into laughter but Jeongguk couldn’t hear a word. Taehyung had a boyfriend. Taehyung never mentioned that, Jeongguk was sure of it.Taehyung smiled awkwardly but he turned to face Jeongguk, Jeongguk couldn’t face Taehyung now, he was getting angry and he didn’t wanted anyone to see him like that. Hyu was already out towards the kitchen and Jeongguk walked towards Taehyung’s room’s door. He walked fast and hard but as soon as he left the room Taehyung got a hold of his hand.“Where are you going?” Taehyung asked, there was something in Taehyung’s voice. Hesitation? Guilt?“My work here is done,” Jeongguk replied in a firm voice. He made sure to not let Taehyung know he was angry. He couldn’t even understand himself what got him so fired up. So what Taehyung had a boyfriend?“You’re not gonna keep an eye on everyone anymore?” Taehyung asked and this time his voice sounded like he was scared. His hand was still holding Jeongguk’s wrist.“I’ve seen enough,” Jeongguk said and shook Taehyung’s hand off off him.Instead of walking towards his own room he walked outside in to get some fresh air and to clear his head.Hoseok walked towards Taehyung who was still at his door. “Are you okay? What happened?”“I don’t know,” Taehyung replied.“Maybe I should go ask him,” Hoseok said.“If he looks pissed, just give him some space,” Taehyung said and turned around to walk back inside.Hoseok started walking towards the main door but his eye caught a tiny creature, Min Yoongi just walked inside his own room. Hoseok stood by the main door and he was conflicted for a second. For a second he just wanted to go into Jeongguk’s room. He looked out and saw Jeongguk, who sat on the ground and stared at the clouds. Hoseok thought that Jeongguk needed to be alone otherwise he would have gone to Yoongi.Hoseok started walking back towards Taehyung’s room when he saw the lights in Jeongguk and Yoongi’s room go off. He walked towards their door and stood there as he watched Yoongi scatter his clothes on a chair.“What are you looking for?” Hoseok found himself asking.Yoongi didn’t even bait an eye at him, he acted as if he knew Hoseok had been there.“None of your business.” Yoongi knew he was being rude but he just wasn’t in a mood.“Fair enough,” Hoseok said and walked inside.“Why are you with your clique?” Yoongi asked. Still looking through his bad.“Clique? Is that what you call us?” Hoseok laughed and this one time Yoongi looked back at Hoseok.Yoongi kept quiet. “Why is it so dark here? Why are all the curtains drawn and why are all the lights out?” Hoseok asked.“Why are you still here?” Yoongi was tired and he needed a nap, he couldn’t find his pajama and he was just pissed.“You never asked me to leave,” Hoseok said in a low voice and sat on the edge of the bed. Yoongi stayed quiet. Once Yoongi found what he was looking for he walked into the bathroom to change and when he got out Hoseok was still there.Yoongi ignored him all together and went towards his side of the bed and laid on the bed. Hoseok took it as an invitation and laid down on Jeongguk’s side of the bed. Yoongi laid straight, his face up towards the celling and Hoseok mimicked him.“If you’re uncomfortable or want me to leave, you can say so and I’ll leave you alone,” Hoseok reminded Yoongi.They stayed like that for just a few seconds before Hoseok pointed towards the celling and said, “That’s Jupiter.”He smiled and looked at Yoongi, who was looking at him in confusion.“And that’s Venus and Saturn is over there,” Hoseok kept pointing. “When Taehyung and I were little we cried to Taehyung’s parents so they would get him the glowing star stickers and when they got it, we created our own galaxy. We didn’t know much of planets back then so we would just randomly point at a planet and say it what we wanted,” Hoseok laughed as he remembered the childhood.Yoongi wasn’t looking at the stars, his eyes were fixed on Hoseok, Hoseok was animated. He spoke with actions, moved his hands a lot, made faces a lot while he was speaking and explaining. His face would light up when he was happy.Hoseok turned to Yoongi and yoongi panicked, he looked up at the celling again and said, “You all were dumb kids, they are all starts and there’s no planet anywhere.”Hoseok laughed out loud and threw his pillow at Yoongi, Yoongi caught and pressed it on his side. “You’re being mean, we were kids and Taehyung’s dad got us the all star stickers. So, we built a universe from what we had,” Hoseok explained.Yoongi just shrugged, pretty sure Hoseok couldn’t see it.“What was your universe as a child?” Hoseok asked with so much excitement that it took Yoongi off guard.Since Hoseok has entered the room Yoongi had been nothing but rude with him and yet here he was in bed with him talking about stars and universe. Still as bright as he entered.Yoongi thought there was no harm in replying, Hoseok was being nice, “I played basketball a lot and Piano.” He kept it short and simple.“You played basketball? Wow and you can play piano? Wow,” Hoseok sounded hyped. He has turned towards Yoongi, his body rested on one side and his face straight towards Yoongi. Yoongi still kept his gaze up.“Yeah, I learned it when I was pretty young and played it till I couldn’t find time.”“Will you teach me?” Hoseok asked.“What? Basketball or Piano?”“Anything, as long as you will.”“I can’t promise anything,” Yoongi found it hard to say no. It has never happened before. He had easily said no to so many people before.“You dance?” Yoongi asked for a minute of silence. He thought it was only polite if he would ask the next question.“How do you know that?”“I’ve a file on you. It was mentioned,” Yoongi said.“Oh, and here I thought you were taking interest in me,” Hoseok laughed again. His laugh was bright, it did something to Yoongi but he couldn’t figure out what.“I’m not,” Yoongi said bluntly.“Not what? Interested in me?” Hoseok asked.“Yes, you’re a suspect.”“I’m a what? Suspect? You think I’m behind all of this?” Hoseok sounded genuinely hurt and he stood up and sat straight. “Taehyung is one of my best friend.”“I know,” Yoongi said firmly.“And yet you think I could be behind all of it?”“I’ve seen families turn against each other and do crazy shit, so, yes, I do believe you are capable of this and could be behind it. Everyone’s a suspect till they’re not.”“You hurt me, Min Yoongi,” Hoseok said dramatically but there was sadness in his voice.“Namjoon calls him a heartbreaker,” Jeongguk said from the door.“Are you okay?” Hoseok asked instead when he remembered why he left Taehyung’s room in the first place.“I’m good. Can you do me a favour and give me a list of all the people present in that room and their relationship with Taehyung?” Jeongguk asked politely.“Sure, you can also ask Taehyung, he would be happy to help.”“He keeps lying, so it’s hard to take his word.” Jeongguk knew he sounded bitter but he said what he said.“Oh, yeah, sure. I’ll message them to you.”“Thanks, do you have my number?” Jeongguk asked and finally entered the room. Walked towards the bed stand and took off his watch.“I’ll take it from Taehyung, don’t worry. Let me know if I can be of any other help,” Hoseok said and stood up. He could tell it was time for him to go. He walked towards the door and looked at yoongi, “I’ll see you around, Mr. Pianist.” Yoongi just kept his eyes on Hoseok till he disappeared into Taehyung’s room.“You told him?” Jeongguk shoved Yoongi’s shoulder playfully.“Shut up.” And Jeongguk laughed.“Why are you in a mood?” Yoongi asked.“It’s nothing, Taehyung isn’t helping much.” Jeongguk laid down where Hoseok was laying.Yoongi waited for Jeongguk to elaborate.“He has a boyfriend, did he ever mention it to you?” Jeongguk took a deep breath, tried calming himself down.“No. But what’s the problem here? The boyfriend or Taehyung having a boyfriend and hiding it from you?” Yoongi asked and it was Jeongguk’s turn to be quiet.“Kid, I keep telling you, keep your feelings separate from the boy. He’s too likable and lively and I see you. I see you getting close to him and it’s only been just a bunch of days. He’s your client and he even has a boyfriend. Don’t let his life affect yours. You walked out on your job today, do you think that’s ideal?” Yoongi wanted Jeongguk to understand the depth of it. Wanted him to understand how serious all of it was.This could just be attraction or it could be more but whatever it was, it wasn’t professional.“I’m sorry, I’ll be more careful next time. It’s just he caught me off-guard with all of it.”“Are you sure it’s not his ass that caught you off guard?” Yoongi tried making a joke to lighten up Jeongguk and it worked.“You’re the one to talk when you go all gaga as soon as Hoseok is around.”“You’re tiring me, kid. I’m gonna take a nap,” Yoongi said and turned around to nap. Jeongguk just laughed and walked outside.By the evening everyone has left and it was just Taehyung, Jimin, Hoseok and Seokjin in the house.They were all sitting in the living room doing their own work while the music played in the background. Yoongi was still in his room. Jeongguk and Seokjin sat side by side and the rest were sitting on the floor.“Where’s the dimple guy? Will he not be around?” Jimin asked Jeongguk who just shrugged.“In this household, we answer each other,” Seokjin said and nudged Jeongguk.“It’s Namjoon, he’s busy. He won’t be here till it’s an emergency.” Seokjin sulked, he didn’t wanted people to see him that way so he started brushing his nose as if there’s dust on it.“Can’t we call him to say hello?” Jimin was hyper, Seokjin wondered what all of it was about?“Why?” Jeongguk asked.“Because I wanna thank him for sending two entertaining guys here,” Jimin snorted.Jeongguk just rolled his eyes, “We’re not here for your entertainment, we’ve work to do.”“And you ran away from it just few hours ago,” Jimin said and got a punch on his leg by Taehyung.“Call him,” Hoseok said this time. Hoseok and Jimin walked towards Jeongguk and stood behind the sofa. Taehyung stayed seated where he was and Jeongguk looked at him. He avoided looking at Jeongguk.Jeongguk took out his phone to dial Namjoon when Jimin pressed the facetime icon.“What’s the point if we can’t see him?” Jimin said and Seokjin smiled. Seokjin shifted a little so his face wasn’t seen on the screen.It took a couple of rings for Namjoon to pick up. He was still in a suit and sat in what looked like a office. He had his work glasses on and Seokjin thought that was pretty cute.“Jeongguk, this better be an emergency because I’m about to leave for a meeting,” Namjoon said and didn’t even look at the screen. It looked like his phone was placed on a phone handler and he was freely moving his hands left and right to gather his stuff.“Hi Namjoon,” Jimin and Hoseok cooed. That made Namjoon look at the screen, he smiled and sat on his chair.“Hi guys, I’m sorry, I’m kinda in a rush-” He stopped mid way when Seokjin appeared on the screen, Jeongguk found it hard to fix an angle so he tilted the screen horizontally. It made everyone appear on the screen. Seokjin just smiled and Namjoon just kept looking.“We’re really sorry for disturbing you, please go ahead with your meeting, we just called for no reason,” Jimin said apologetically.Namjoon looked at his watch and back at the screen, “I’ve some time, what’s going on there?” Namjoon lied.“Just was wondering when you’ll drop by because Jeongguk and Yoongi are boring,” Jimin complained and the conversation went back and forth for a while. Seokjin stayed quiet throughout the whole thing which was so unlike him.“Jeongguk,” Namjoon said after few minutes, “You should message me tonight.”Seokjin’s eyes landed on Namjoon in a second. He knew it too well who the message was for.“What? I should message you tonight?” Jeongguk asked.“Yeah, message me tonight,” Namjoon repeated. His eyes would land on Seokjin every now and then.“And say what?” Jeongguk was very confused.“Yeah, and what should he say?” Seokjin asked. His lips pressed in a thin line as he tried suppressing his laugh.“Anything, just tell me about your day or just send a picture of yourself and we’ll take it from there,” Namjoon said and smiled. His dimple on display again.“What? You want me to send you a picture of myself?” Jeongguk found it really hard to digest. Seokjin tried controlling his laugh for a long time but when he couldn’t he just stood up and walked towards the kitchen so he could smile freely.“You know what, Jeongguk?” Seokjin could hear Namjoon’s voice from the living room, “Don’t message me. In fact, only call me when it’s urgent. I’ve to go now.” With that they all said byes and hung up the call.“Believe me, he’s actually pretty sorted but I don’t know what happened today.” Seokjin heard Jeongguk as he spoke to Jimin and Hoseok.Yoongi stayed in his room, he could hear them talk as they made plans for dinner but Yoongi ignored it all. He had offered to help in the kitchen with Seokjin but Seokjin has declined. Said, he would call Yoongi himself if and when things are out of his hands. Yoongi only went outside to have dinner with them, even then he stayed silent. It was hard enough for him to concentrate on work when Hoseok and Jimin were being so loud all the time, they wouldn’t leave Taehyung’s side even for a second.Yoongi wasn’t joking when he told Hoseok that he was a suspect because Hoseok was and so was Jimin and Seokjin. It’s Yoongi’s job to be sure that the person Taehyung calls family aren’t the one behind it. His eyes would land on Hoseok every now and then during dinner but Hoseok wouldn’t bait an eye at him. He was too focused on his food and Jimin’s performance with him. Yoongi zoomed out their conversation as soon as he realized he was eves dropping.Jeongguk looked uncomfortable as well, he wouldn’t look up at anyone and would eat his food quietly. Taehyung was no different but Taehyung was interacting with Hoseok and Jimin. Seokjin would ask questions as well and the dinner table looked busy. Yoongi missed Namjoon at that time, with Namjoon the silence has never been awkward. He had never felt the pressure to talk, he had never felt the need to make small conversations with him in order to keep him entertained. The dinner would have been less awkward for Yoongi.Once everyone was done, Hoseok went to Seokjin’s room with him and Taehyung went with Jimin in his room. Jeongguk and Yoongi went to theirs.“I’ll sleep right off,” Yoongi said.“You slept all afternoon,” Jeongguk replied.“I didn’t, that Hoseok guy interrupted my sleep time.”“And do you mind?” Jeongguk teased.“Don’t start with me kid.” Before Yoongi could say something, Taehyung appeared at their door.“Hoseok and Jimin will be staying the night,” He informed both of them and when Jeongguk refused to reply Yoongi said a simple ‘okay’.“Can I talk to you for a second?” Taehyung turned towards Jeongguk and then towards Yoongi, “Do you mind?”“No,” Yoongi said and laid down on the bed.Taehyung still stood at the door awkwardly. Jeongguk refused to even look at him and pretended like he was busy with something on his laptop.“You can start,” Yoongi said and closed his eyes. Taehyung cleared his throat awkwardly and when Yoongi opened his eyes Taehyung was still at the door.“Don’t tell me you want me to leave?” Yoongi sat up.“There’s no place else to go, sorry.”“Take him in your room,” Yoongi said and looked at Jeongguk, who was still busy typing gibberish.“Jimin is asleep,” Taehyung said apologetically.“I just wanna sleep today,” Yoongi said and grabbed his pillow and blanket, “how hard is that?” he added.Once Yoongi was outside he settled on the sofa. The sofa was big and spacious enough for him but it wasn’t nearly as comfortable as the bed. He made himself comfortable and prayed no one else would disturb him anymore. He could hear Hoseok and Seokjin’s laugh every now and then from Seokjin’s room but he ignored it.Seokjin was in his bed and acted like he wanted to sleep but Hoseok just wouldn’t leave. “Why are you still here?” Seokjin yelled.“Why do you want me to leave?” Hoseok laughed. Something was fishy, Hoseok could tell.“Just leave, I’m tired.”“You’ve been smiling since the dinner ended and I won’t leave till you tell me what’s going on,” Hoseok said and Seokjin covered his face with his blanket.“Why don’t you go entertain Taehyung or Jimin?”“Don’t change the topic, Seokjin. Tell me,” Hoseok almost yelled.“Go talk to Yoongi, I think he’s calling you,” Seokjin said and Hoseok’s body language changed.“Did I say something wrong?” Seokjin asked.“Yoongi thinks I’m a suspect.”“So?” Seokjin wasn’t impressed or surprised.“So, you think that’s fine? Thinking I’m a suspect? How would you feel if he thinks you’re a suspect?” Hoseok asked.“I would feel like he’s doing his job right. If he just lets us off the list just because we’re close to Taehyung, that’ll be wrong.”“You’re talking just like him,” Hoseok pouted.“Go talk to him and ask him why he thinks you’re a suspect,” Seokjin tried one last time for Hoseok to leave.“Tell me first and then I’ll leave, I promise,” Hoseok said and crossed his legs to be comfortable on the bed.“Oh God.” Seokjin thought about it for a second, it would be nice to have someone to talk to about it and Hoseok is the guy who wouldn’t utter a word to anyone. “You promise to not tease me and just leave.”“Yes,” Hoseok said enthusiastically.“Fine, I’ve to message Namjoon,” Seokjin said and waited for a reaction but all Hoseok did was sat there with his mouth hung open.Then in a very low whisper he said, “Their boss Namjoon?”“Yes,” Seokjin was almost blushing now.“But why? And how?” Hoseok was confused. Happiness and surprise was clear on his face.“He gave me his number and asked me to contact him in case of an emergency-”“But what’s the emergency?” Hosoek looked serious.“Let me complete. He said I should message him if and when there’s a need and I didn’t know what to say so I didn’t but then today over the facetime when he asked Jeongguk to message him, he looked at me. It was so obvious but I just don’t know what to say and it’s scary.”“Do you… like him?” Hoseok asked carefully.“It’s too early to say.” Seokjin hadn’t put himself out there a lot, he never had the time. The time between his course classes and cooking classes hardly left him with much time to date.“Don’t start with a dick pic,” Hoseok said and Seokjin laughed. Maybe they’ll be okay. “Get out of my room.”“I’m only trying to help,” Hoseok said as he was pushed outside. Seokjin locked his room. He flustered for him to have Hoseok back in the room.He laid down on his bed and looked at his phone, he should message. But what if Namjoon was sleeping? But what if he was waiting? He wouldn’t wait, that would be stupid, right?There were million things going on in Seokjin’s head when he dropped a single Is this the dimple boy? In the textbox and hit send.Within few seconds he got a reply.Namjoon: you like them?Seokjin: they don’t look bad.Namjoon: hahaha, well I was kinda expecting a picture of you.Seokjin: I’m in bed.Namjoon: is… that an invitation?Seokjin blushed from head to toe. That wasn’t what he meant. But now he couldn’t stop thinking about it.Seokjin: I meant it’s dark so I couldn’t take a picture.Namjoon: the flash is there for something.Seokjin: what kind of a human being clicks a picture with a flash? you disappoint me.Namjoon: you looked good today.Seokjin: and nothing has changed since.Namjoon: I would still need a picture to make sure.Seokjin: you can see it in flesh if you drop by tomorrow.Then there was silence for a few minutes. Seokjin wasn’t sure if he said something wrong or Namjoon was just busy.Namjoon: tomorrow’s hard. I won’t be able to make it.Seokjin: I was just joking, you don’t have to and if you’re busy, we can talk later.Namjoon: no, I’m free. I wanna talk to you. Do you mind if I call?Seokjin debated for a minute. Texting made his heart race so fast he couldn’t even imagine a phone call. Maybe he debated for too long because Namjoon messaged again.Namjoon: I’m sorry if I panicked you, we don’t have to speak on the phone. I’m fine here as well.Seokjin decided to call. He dialed his number and Namjoon picked it with the first ring.“I thought you got angry,” Namjoon sounded tired.“You sound tired,” Seokjin said instead.“It was a long day. My hand was tired and I couldn’t text anymore so I asked if we can speak like this but then you stopped messaging and I thought you were angry,” Namjoon explained.“Your hands were tired doing what?” Seokjin teased and held back his laugh but he could hear Namjoon’s little laugh on the other end.“Typing, I wish I had something better to do with them.” They laughed a little and went back to talking about their day. Namjoon told him he had to get up at six for some shit work and Seokjin kept pressuring him to sleep but they both stayed on the phone for another half an hour before Seokjin realized that Namjoon could drift off any second.Seokjin started speaking in a low and calming voice and within minutes he was sure Namjoon was already half way asleep. He said goodnight and Namjoon murmured something which sounded a lot like goodnight before they hung up.Seokjin had a smile on his face for the rest of the night. They had a dumb conversation, talked about nothing specific but it felt nice and good. He drifted off to sleep soon after.Hoseok when pushed outside pressed his ear to the door to hear something but there was nothing. Texting hardly gave you any noise till it’s the other kind.He started walking towards Taehyung’s room when he saw Yoongi laid down on the sofa, his blanket was down on the floor.Hoseok smiled to himself and walked towards the sofa, picked the blanket and tucked Yoongi. While he was tucking Yoongi his hand accidently brushed Yoongi’s jaw and Hoseok could confirm, that jaw only looks sharp but is really soft.Yoongi wiggled a little but went back to sleep, Hoseok sat on the floor. He just couldn’t go back now. He sat there as he watched a sleeping Yoongi.“Why… you here?” Yoongi asked in a sleepy voice.“I thought you’re sleeping,” Hoseok said but didn’t make a move to leave.“No one lets me,” Yoongi mumbled.“I can leave if you want,” Hoseok said in a soft voice. Didn’t wanted to wake Yoongi up completely.“Stay,” Yoongi said softly and buried his face in the blanket.“I’ll stay,” Hoseok said and smiled.“They only say it but don’t mean it,” was what Hoseok understood Yoongi said. He didn’t ask more, he stayed quiet and sat there for as long as he could. Then he saw Taehyung leave Jeongguk’s room and walked into his own. Hoseok stayed.Jeongguk walked out and told Hoseok that he should get some rest and that he’ll take care of Yoongi. Hoseok wanted to help but he just nodded and went where Taehyung was.Once he entered he asked Taehyung if everything was okay and Taehyung stayed quiet.Taehyung kept recalling the conversation in his head. He just wanted to talk to Jeongguk, ask him what happened.When Yoongi left the room, Taehyung closed the door for privacy. Jeongguk still acted like he was busy.Taehyung went to the bed and sat on the exact same place he sat last night.“Are you angry?” Taehyung asked.“I’m busy,” Jeongguk said.Taehyung wasn’t here for this and he wasn’t going to wait around. He stood up and started walking towards the door, “Let me know when you’re free so we can talk.”“You came here to say something,” Jeongguk said from behind. He closed the laptop and was now seated on the chair with his arm crossed.“I came here to talk,” Taehyung corrected him.“Then talk.”“What’s with you?” Taehyung got straight to the point.“I didn’t know you have a boyfriend,” Jeongguk replied straight away.“And that changes anything because?” Taehyung asked and sat back on the bed.“It doesn’t, I just don’t like being lied to. Specially when I asked you to tell me the truth.”“You never asked if I had a boyfriend.”“I never asked if you had friends either, you told me all about your whole crew for hours yesterday and you didn’t mention him once.”“His name is Hyu,” Taehyung said. “And I never lied to you, I just never told you the whole truth.”“Don’t start this bullshit with me,” Jeongguk sounded pissed and Taehyung had never seen him this way.“We’re not dating, it’s complicated.” Taehyung wanted to explain but it was hard enough for him to understand let alone explain it to anyone else.“He is your boyfriend though? You are committed to him, right?” Jeongguk asked. His arms still folded.“That’s true but, it’s not like that.”“Explain because I call bullshit,” Jeongguk raised his voice with every word.“That’s hard to explain, you’ll not understand.”“Is it because you wanna call him your boyfriend and still sleep around with others?” Jeongguk himself knew he shouldn’t have said that but he did it anyway.“Stop making assumptions-”“I don’t care, Taehyung.” Jeongguk aggressively rubbed his face. He looked tired. “I don’t care what you do or who you sleep around with. I just want you to be honest with me if you want me to catch the guy behind it all.”“Is it really all about me not telling you about him,” Taehyung asked.“Yes,” Jeongguk replied.Their conversation was almost dead, Taehyung knew it. Taehyung wanted to say a lot of things, wanted to explain a lot of things but he wasn’t sure if Jeongguk wanted to heard him out.“So, it’s not about me having a boyfriend?” Taehyung looked down as he asked.“It’s not.” Jeongguk didn’t add anything and Taehyung didn’t move either. He wanted for Jeongguk to say something else but as the time passed Taehyung got up to leave, when he reached the door Jeongguk said, “You’re a client.”For a second Taehyung could sense hurt and desperation in Jeongguk’s voice.“Jeongguk,” Taehyung said his name very softly. Made sure he had Jeongguk’s attention.“As much as you want me to be honest to you, I want you to be honest with me as well. So, when I ask if it’s about me having a boyfriend or not, I don’t want you to lie to me.” With that Taehyung walked out.He wasn’t sure where they stood now, if they were on each other’s good books or they were just people involved in a mess.Taehyung wasn’t sure what he wanted from Jeongguk but this useless fight over a guy what’s what he expected. There’s something about Jeongguk that draws Taehyung towards him but Taehyung is too afraid to do anything or to say anything.The whole thing with Hyu is a mess in itself. It’s hard for Taehyung to explain it to Jeongguk but he wanted to. He wanted Jeongguk to know. He wanted Jeongguk to understand that there’s no love in Taehyung’s heart for Hyu and that in no way was he using Hyu. Taehyung never really thought Hyu loved him as well. They were just in this because Taehyung was stupid and Hyu was clever.Maybe Jeongguk and him will sit down and talk about it one day and he hopes that the day comes soon. He couldn’t go on fighting with Jeongguk. He hated the feeling. His mood had been so low the whole day since Jeongguk walked out of his room this afternoon.They all laid down in bed. Taehyung remembered to keep the door of his room open. Hoseok and Jimin were asleep and Taehyung adjusted himself so he could peek into Jeongguk’s room.The light in Jeongguk’s room was still on. He was still pacing around the room. Taehyung saw Jeongguk in front of the switchboard, he stood there for a while. He didn’t turn the lights off. His back was towards Taehyung that’s why Taehyung couldn’t tell what his expression were like. Then Jeongguk turned. Taehyung could swear that their eyes locked and the blood rushed to Taehyung’s neck and cheeks. But it was impossible. There was complete darkness in Taehyung’s room which made it impossible for Jeongguk to see Taehyung.But Taehyung felt that look. He remained froze till Jeongguk turned and switched off the lights. Hyu had never made his heart race like that and all Jeongguk did was look into a dark room.Taehyung, for his own personal reasons, wanted Jeongguk to know the truth about Hyu. Maybe tomorrow, he will.



Chapter End Notes
I'm so sorry for the late update. i was just really busy with personal life.Do let me know what you think of this chapter and the characters.Thank you!


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 The next few days happened like this: Jeongguk walked out of every room Taehyung was in. Taehyung tried to get a hold of Jeongguk multiple times but Jeongguk would make an excuse and leave before Taehyung could utter a word. Taehyung got frustrated and his stubbornness got the best of him. He stopped trying. He wouldn’t go out of his way to talk to Jeongguk.To Jeongguk’s amusement the whole thing affected him. His job was to make sure Taehyung was okay and to catch that culprit and Taehyung was safe, but something in Jeongguk just doesn’t sit well. It wasn’t like he himself showed any interest in talking to Taehyung but being ignored wasn’t on his agenda.“I’ll be going home this Christmas,” Jeongguk announced unexpectedly at lunch a few days later. Christmas was in three days and even though it wasn’t his original plan but he went with it.“When will you be leaving?” Seokjin asked. Taehyung showed no interest in the topic, stuffed his mouth with food instead. Yoongi looked unbothered as well, that left Seokjin to show all the emotions.“A day before Christmas,” Jeongguk replied.“That’s like, day after tomorrow. So, who’ll be here then?” Seokjin asked.“Yoongi,” Jeongguk said. Throughout the whole conversation he didn’t look up once. Kept chewing on his food while he answered Seokjin.“Where’s your home?” Seokjin asked and Jeongguk hesitated for a second. He wasn’t sure if he wanted them to know but it wasn’t anything to hide and moreover Seokjin has been nothing but nice to him since the day they arrived.“Buasn.”“Really?” Seokjin looked surprised and that was the first time Taehyung looked up as well. His expression was unreadable.“Yeah, why?”“Jimin is from Busan as well, he’s leaving tomorrow, why don’t you go with him?” Seokjin said and Taehyung looked at Seokjin.“He is?”“Yeah, and he hates traveling alone and you’ll make a new friend as well. Go with him, I’ll give him a call as well. How are you going? Train?” Seokjin asked.“I was planning on driving,” Jeongguk said paused for a second, then he looked down and said in the lowest voice possible, “I want to clear my head.”“He’ll love it, I’ll call him,” Seokjin said and moved away from the table and into his room. Yoongi was done eating as well and he picked up his bowl to put it in the sink. This left Taehyung and Jeongguk alone on the table.They stayed quiet for a minute, just the voice of chewing in the air.“At what time are you off?” Taehyung asked, this was the first time Taehyung talked to him in over two days.“I was thinking of leaving early morning to avoid traffic,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung gave him a nod.The conversation ended then and there.Seokjin came back and talked Jeongguk’s ear out over what they should do while driving and what routes to take. Taehyung found his escape and went to his room.His chest felt heavy and he didn’t know why? It shouldn’t be like that. He knew he acted like a stubborn kid but he wanted to make things right. He knew his only chance to talk to Jeongguk was tonight.Jimin called him later that day to let him that he’ll be staying over as they need to leave early morning and Taehyung was glad, he wanted someone to be there with him for the night.When the night came so did Taehyung’s anxiousness. He wanted to get Jeongguk alone and wanted to make sure that Jeongguk actually pay attention to what he had to say. The whole during, all Taehyung did was stare at Jeongguk in hopes that he would look at him but that didn’t happen. Jeongguk was too busy with Jimin who was very excited about their trip.Once the dinner was over, Jeongguk very politely stood up and started walking outside.“Where are you going?” Seokjin asked when he noticed.“Out. For a run, maybe.” And Seokjin just gave him a nod. Jimin went to Taehyung’s room and Yoongi went to clean up the dishes.Taehyung hated running, hated anything that had to do with him walking faster than he does now but he was willing to do it for Jeongguk. When he walked outside, he was ready to run but saw that Jeongguk just walking around. Taehyung took a deep breath and walked towards him.“Can we talk?” Taehyung asked.Jeongguk didn’t look at him, he just gave a simple nod. Taehyung hated it.“It’s about the boy the other day.”“You don’t have to explain anything to me, it’s none of my business.”“As someone who’s here to protect me, I think it is your business.”Jeongguk stayed quiet at that. Taehyung was right about it.“I don’t have feelings for him,” Taehyung said. They weren’t walking anymore. Just stood side by side with their head held low.“He’s your boyfriend.”“That… that part is true,” Taehyung said. He hated it. “But it’s more complicated than that.”“Let me ask you something,” Jeongguk said and turned towards Taehyung. For a second, Taehyung wanted Jeongguk to be quiet and for them just to be there for each other. For a second, Taehyung thought of reaching out and hold him.“Just reply with a yes or no, don’t explain. Please.” Taehyung gave him a nod at that.“Are you guys committed to each other? In the sense that you can’t date anyone else and he can’t date anyone else?” Jeongguk asked and Taehyung stayed quiet for a minute too long.“Yes,” Taehyung replied. He wanted to explain more but Jeongguk was already on his other question.“Did you guys plan on being boyfriends?” Jeongguk asked but spoke again, “Let me rephrase it, did any one of you ask any one of you to be their boyfriend and the other one said yes?”Taehyung hated it, “Yes,” he replied.Jeongguk then looked up at Taehyung, straight into his eyes. They stood close, a little too close for them to just be two people talking.“Then I don’t think there’s more for us to talk about it. As someone who’s here to protect you, this much information is enough.” Jeongguk just turned around and walked away.Taehyung stood there, he couldn’t move. His chest still felt heavy. This wasn’t how he planned the conversation to go. It got more complicated than the last time.Taehyung wanted to cry and he couldn’t pin point why? He wasn’t supposed to feel like that. Was he? Taehyung woke up at four am to Jimin just running around the room repacking his stuff. He shuffled him bed a little and asked what Jimin was doing.“We’re leaving in five minutes, Jeongguk is already outside. I can’t find my charger.”“You guys are leaving now?” Taehyung stood up panicked. He thought they were leaving at seven or something.“Help me find my charger. I didn’t want to wake you up, you were shuffling a lot so I thought you didn’t get much sleep and I wanted to let you rest.”“Take Seokjin’s charger, he’ll not notice.” Taehyung was already out the door when he said that.He wore the slippers in a hurry and bolted outside. There it was just Jeongguk by the car and he imagined the rest were either asleep or already said their byes.“So, you were just gonna leave like that?” Taehyung almost yelled in frustration. He wasn’t sure why he was so angry.“Taehyung, go back inside, you’ll catch a cold,” Jeongguk said and walked towards Taehyung. That was the first time Taehyung realized that he forgot to grab a coat. He was in his pajama and shirt and it was freezing outside.“I don’t even get a goodbye?” Taehyung asked ignoring Jeongguk’s command.“I said go back inside because you freeze.”“And I said, don’t tell me what to do and just reply to my question.”Jeongguk stayed still, his eyes heavy on Taehyung’s. Taehyung crossed his arms in a defensive manner and Jeongguk just shook his head. Jeongguk started taking off his coat and walked towards Taehyung, who refused to let his guard down.Jeongguk swing the coat around him and adjusted it on his shoulders, held the collars firmly and tapped it twice before he took a step back.“You’ll get cold,” Jeongguk said again.“When will you be back?” Taehyung asked again.“First week of Jan, I guess. Yoongi will be here, if you need help, he’ll be here.” Jeongguk assured him.Taehyung wanted to mention that his birthday was soon. But he stayed quiet.Jimin walked out right then and hugged Taehyung tight. “I’ll miss you so much. I’ll facetime every day. My mom already messaged me asking me to bring you along. They miss you as well. I’ll see you soon, okay. I’ll be back in a couple of days. Can’t miss the big day.” Jimin pulled out from the hug and kissed Taehyung’s cheeks. Squeezed his shoulders again before he walked towards the car and put his luggage in.Jeongguk just stood there and kept his eyes on Taehyung and this time Taehyung didn’t look away. They stood there for a moment, both of them stayed quiet. Just kept looking. Taehyung thought he saw regret on Jeongguk’s face for a second but he could be wrong.“Come on, let’s go,” Jimin yelled from inside the car and Jeongguk turned towards the car.“Drive safe,” Taehyung said as he watched Jeongguk leave.“Take care of yourself,” was what Jeongguk replied instead.Once the car was out of sight, Taehyung hugged the coat tightly around his body. It still smelled like Jeongguk. He hated it.For Taehyung the whole day went by him staying in his room and avoiding people. He refused to see anyone, Seokjin would come and feed him and they would talk a little but Seokjin understood so he didn’t do anything Taehyung wouldn’t want him to. Yoongi never disturbed. He did his job like a professional he was.As much as Yoongi hated to admit it, he had been very distracted the last couple of days. Ninety percent of it had to do with a particular heart-shaped lip boy and the rest ten percent because of how stupid Taehyung and Jeongguk are acting.Since the night of Hoseok tucking Yoongi in, they haven’t talked. They have crossed path a few times and Hoseok has tried making small talks but Yoongi had been busy. He would catch a glimpse of the boy with a loud laugh whenever he was walking in or out of the house to run errands.Last few days Hoseok hasn’t been around, Yoongi don’t want to admit that he missed the presence but he got used to the chattering in the house. It seemed empty without all of them here.Yoongi had thought a lot about it, why he found himself looking for Hoseok whenever he heard an extra voice in the house. Maybe it had to do with the way Hoseok looks at him, the way Hoseok’s cheeks lift up when they make eye contact. Maybe it had to do with the fact that Yoongi could see Hoseok searching for him, Yoongi could see Hoseok looking around before his eyes would land on Yoongi and it always felt like he found what he was looking for. Or maybe it’s just the irrational part of his brain, which made him believe those things are happening when Hoseok was just being nice.Maybe it was the attention. It wasn’t like Yoongi wasn’t approached by people but it happened once in a blue moon. His job made it impossible for him to meet new people, he hated going out, he would rather go out for drinks and get back home. It’s been ages since someone showed any interest him, so maybe it was just that. Maybe.He remembered the last time he saw Hoseok, he was asked how he was holding up. That question caught him off guard. Maybe Hoseok just wanted to have a conversation but Yoongi wasn’t sure what it was, he replied with a simple ‘good’ and left. He still regretted it.The day of Christmas, the house was quiet. Yoongi wanted to take an off as well, he wasn’t supposed to be working today, Jeongguk was. But he was stuck on the house. He went out to check all cameras were working, made sure to talk to Seokjin to take more precaution as it’s a holiday season and the chances of the culprit showing up was high.They sat down for lunch, Taehyung, Seokjin and Yoongi. Yoongi didn’t bother with small talks, kept his mouth full with food.“I’m sorry you have to work during the holiday,” Taehyung said to Yoongi and Yoongi just gave him a small nod. Yoongi thought for a second that maybe he seemed a little rude. Maybe he should just try and make conversation as well.“Jeongguk was supposed to stay today, it was supposed to be my off,” Yoongi said, not sure if it was the right thing to start a conversation with.“Then why did he leave?” Seokjin asked.“Don’t know, he hasn’t taken an off since he started working with us. This is literally his first off. Majority of the times Namjoon had to give him special vacation because Jeongguk’s mom will call Namjoon and will ask him to send Jeongguk home.”“He has never taken an off?” Taehyung asked. His voice sounded off so Yoongi took a little time before he answered.“I mean, it’s not like he doesn’t want to,” He never wanted to, “It’s more like, he never got the chance.” Yoongi lied.“I’m sorry,” Taehyung said again and this time Yoongi wasn’t sure what he was sorry for, he wasn’t going to ask either. “You deserve an off. Does your family lives nearby?”“Not really but I wasn’t planning on going home, I would just have gone to my apartment.”Taehyung stayed quiet, Yoongi could see that his words affected Taehyung but he wasn’t sure what to say next. They all had their lunch in silence.After the lunch and when Seokjin was done with dishes Taehyung approached him.“Do you have a minute?” Taehyung asked.“I’ll slap your head off if you ever are so formal with me,” Seokjin said. Taehyung laughed, his heart felt light again.“I’ve just been stressed,” Taehyung said as they started walking towards Seokjin’s room.“I can tell but stop stressing over Jeongguk, I am sure he just needs some space,” Seokjin assured him.“And I can respect that,” Taehyung said in a way made it look like he was trying to convince himself.“What do you wanna talk about?” Seokjin said as he laid down on his bed.“I feel bad for Yoongi, he shouldn’t be here.”“There’s nothing we can do now, it’s okay. It doesn’t look like he minds so much,” Seokjin tried assuring him again. Seokjin just wanted Taehyung to take it easy on himself, he has a lot doing on in his mind and Seokjin didn’t wanted Yoongi to be one of them.“Yeah but still, it upsets me. So, I called Namjoon,” Taehyung smiled.That caught Seokjin’s full attention and he sat straight. “You called Namjoon?” Seokjin repeated.“Someone likes it?” Taehyung teased and pushed Seokjin’s shoulder.“Don’t you start with me,” Seokjin increased his voice. “Why would you call him?”“I wanted to give Yoongi the day off so, I called Namjoon, asked him if Yoongi can go home for today but he said that’s risky and I shouldn’t be left alone.” Taehyung pouted and crossed his arms.“I even told him you’ll be here but I guess he just don’t trust you,” Taehyung said in a teasing manner.“I’m not your bodyguard, he shouldn’t trust me with this,” Seokjin defended Namjoon unconsciously.“I’ve seen that you’re on your phone a lot lately,” Taehyung smiled mischievously.“I’m not doing this right now,” Seokjin said and laid down in his bed again, covered his face with the sheets. He could feel his ears turning red.“Anyway, I told Namjoon that I feel bad for keeping Yoongi here, considering it’s Christmas and he told me Yoongi isn’t big on festivals. I told his it’s still a holiday and I want Yoongi to be home,” Taehyung said and paused for a second. When he received no response from Seokjin, he continued, “Namjoon offered to come over.”Now, things were interesting. Taehyung wanted to laugh. Wanted to look at Seokjin’s face but Seokjin had gripped the sheets tightly.“He’s coming over now?” Seokjin asked in a low voice.“I haven’t confirmed anything yet, I told him I need to talk to you first. He said he’ll only be able to make it after eight tonight and I told him I’ll let him know soon. So, what do you say?” Taehyung asked.“You want Yoongi to go, so, I don’t think we have a choice,” Seokjin said from under his sheet.“Just say you want him here and I’ll leave,” Taehyung laughed and walked out Seokjin’s room. He went straight to Yoongi and told him he could leave when Namjoon arrives. Yoongi kept quiet and gave him a small thanks.For Seokjin, the rest of the day moved with the snail’s speed. Every minute felt like a century. He was anxious.Things between him and Namjoon aren’t perfect but that’s just because of Namjoon’s job. Since the day they talked on the phone, they deceived to talk again but would never get the time to do so. Namjoon would run from one meeting to another and from one client to another, Seokjin was afraid to call. He wanted Namjoon to do his job right and that’s why he only left him messages. Seokjin would always, always be cooking whenever Namjoon called. Their time never matches and when the night comes, one or the other thing would occupy someone and no calls would be made.Seokjin believed it was a miracle that they talked the first time they did.He changed at least six times before he concluded that anything would work on him. He decided to just put on a simple white t-shirt with blue ripped jeans. The t-shirt was deep cut though. When he walked out of the room it was already eight and there was no sign of Namjoon.“Someone dressed to impress,” Taehyung teased when he looked at Seokjin.“A man can look great whenever he wants to and I don’t even have to try,” Seokjin replied.Before Taehyung could reply to that, Yoongi walked in with Namjoon. Namjoon in a suit. Namjoon in a black sleek suit and the smile he carries.Seokjin couldn’t move from his spot. For all the confidence he carries with himself, this wasn’t how he expected to behave.“Namjoon, thank you for coming over. I really hope i didn’t kill any of your plans for the night.” Taehyung walked ahead and greeted him.“It’s no problem, honestly. I’m happy to be here,” Namjoon said with a smile and then he looked a Seokjin. Taehyung just pressed his lips together and tried his best not to laugh.“I’ll see you tomorrow then, don’t leave before I’m here,” Yoongi said to Namjoon and made his way to his room. He came back with a small bag and said his goodbyes.“Stay for dinner,” Seokjin offered.“I’m good, thank you. I’ll be off then,” Yoongi said.“What’s your plan for the night?” Namjoon asked.“Might go to a pub near my place and have a drink, then to bed,” Yoongi replied. He wasn’t big on celebrations.“Ah, hope you enjoy,” Taehyung said and they all sat down for dinner. Except for Yoongi, who was about to leave when Namjoon asked if he could give him a glass of water.“How’s Hoseok now?” Seokjin asked Taehyung while Yoongi was getting water.“I wanna say better but you know how he is. He don’t want us to be sad. I feel so bad that he couldn’t go home, he hates staying alone during festivals and it scares him,” Taehyung said.“I offered him to come here but he refused, said he wanted to stay home. Stupid, should just have been here with us. I even asked if we can join him and he said no to that as well. He said his place is too small for all of us to be there.” Seokjin added.Yoongi came back with the glass of water and gave it Namjoon. Said his goodbyes again and left.Once the dinner Taehyung stood up, about to leave. “Don’t have sex tonight when I’m in the same house,” Taehyung said.Namjoon coughed, almost choked up on his water.“Just because you ain’t getting any action doesn’t mean no one else should either,” Seokjin replied. He didn’t dare look at Namjoon who coughed some more. Seokjin just hoped that Namjoon got the sarcasm and wasn’t thinking too much.Taehyung just laughed and went straight to his room. He was too tired and he hadn’t slept much last night. When he laid down, for a second, he thought of messaging Jeongguk but he wasn’t sure what to say. He opened his messages and stared at them for a minute, there were few messages from his parents and his friends but he wasn’t in a mood to reply to any of them. He closed his phone and tossed and turned till he fell asleep.When Seokjin and Namjoon were done with dinner Namjoon said he would check all the locks. Seokjin went ahead to do the dishes in the meantime. Once, they both were done, Namjoon stood by the kitchen and watched Seokjin.“Are you just gonna stan and stare or help me?” Seokjin asked without turning.“You’re already done,” Namjoon mentioned with a smile.Seokjin whipped his hands dry and turned towards Namjoon.“Hey,” Namjoon said lightly and it made goosebumps appear on Seokjin’s skin.“Hi,” Seokjin replied shyly. They both were smiling and they both had no intention to start talking anytime soon.After a while Namjoon asked, “Which one’s my room?” and Seokjin took him to Yoongi and Jeongguk’s room.“So, I’ll be sleeping here?” Namjoon asked as he kept his bag on side table.“Yes, do you have other plans?” Seokjin teased.“Can you give me a second, I’ll just change. I’ve been in the suit since morning and I just really need to wear something comfortable,” Namjoon said and started taking out his clothes from his bag.“Sure, yeah,” Seokjin replied in a hurry. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning then, sleep well and if you-”“No, no, wait,” Namjoon said in panic.“I don’t want you to leave,” Namjoon said as he cut off Seokjin.“What?” Seokjin wasn’t sure if he heard him right. Wasn’t Namjoon the one who hinted that he should leave?“I’ll change in the bathroom quickly and you can stay here for a while, I mean, if you want to, of course. Otherwise, sure, yeah, I’ll see you tomorrow,” Namjoon said hurriedly.“You want me to stay?” Seokjin asked.“Yes.” Namjoon wanted to add a few more things but he thought that would do. Without anymore words, he went to the bathroom to change and when he came back, Seokjin was still there. The atmosphere in the room was different though. The curtains were off and so were the lights. The only light inside the room was of the moon.It was bright enough, it wasn’t dark at all. The windows were wide, Seokjin pulled out some candles as well.“Taehyung has to keep his room’s door open while sleeping and if there’s so much light coming out, I don’t think he’ll sleep well. He hasn’t slept well in a while, so I hope you don’t mind,” Seokjin said as he was lighting the candles.“No, not at all,” Namjoon replied.They stayed quiet for a while, once Seokjin was done with the candles, he sat on a chair. Namjoon offered him the bed but Seokjin thought that would be too intimate.“Oh come on, I’ll be on this side and you can stay on that side,” Namjoon said and Seokjin started moving. He placed the pillow on his lap and sat down looking at Namjoon. “I hope you can resist all this,” Seokjin said and waved a hand up and down his body.Namjoon let out a laugh, “I’ll try my best.”Things weren’t as awkward as Seokjin anticipated. Conversation flowed easily. They never touched the ‘us’ topic but covered the rest.“I didn’t think I’ll see you again so soon,” Namjoon said honestly. Namjoon was laid down on the bed, he had a blanket which went up to his waist and Seokjin tried hard not to look at his chest, which looked really defined. Maybe it’s because of the work he does.“Someone sounds eager,” Seokjin teased with a smile.“What if someone is?” Namjoon asked instead. He placed both his hands behind his head which gave his biceps a lot of volume. Seokjin wasn’t sure if that’s Namjoon’s plan but he wasn’t going to be distracted by it.“Then that someone should drop by often,” Seokjin said instead and it made Namjoon laugh.“This whole month has just been so busy,” Namjoon said.“It’s work, the busy it is the better, right?” Seokjin smiled and started playing with the edge of the pillow.“Yeah, but now I don’t even have Yoongi with me. I kinda miss the guys in the office but it’s good for business that they’re on the field.”“If you miss them so much, you should come by for lunch or dinner,” Seokjin said. They were joking at this point. Seokjin knew he couldn’t ask Namjoon for that. Work comes first.“And when they ask me why I can’t make it to the meetings, I should just say that Seokjin said I should drop by the house more.”“That should work, my name is that powerful,” Seokjin said and it made Namjoon laugh real loud. Namjoon’s laugh made Seokjin laugh as well.“With the way things were, I thought you kinda have started to ignore me,” Seokjin said, it wasn’t the whole truth but it wasn’t a lie as well. Seokjin never thought he was being ignored because he understood the type of work Namjoon does but still there have been times when he has wondered if maybe he was forcing himself onto him.“Seokjin, Please. I would never. I even used to take bathroom breaks to reply to you,” Namjoon said.“You replied me from the bathroom?”“Would you rather not have a reply at all?” Namjoon asked instead.“The things you do for me,” Seokjin said in a teasing manner, “Cute.”Namjoon gave him the biggest smile, he looked shy as well.“Your dimples are cute as well,” Seokjin found him saying.“Ah, really?” Namjoon smiled and displayed his dimples for Seokjin. “What else do you find cute?” Namjoon asked.Seokjin was a little surprised over how Namjoon didn’t react negatively to the word ‘cute’, whereas most men he has met, they wouldn’t want to associate themselves with that word.“Your nose,” Seokjin said and Namjoon laughed again.“Thank you,” Namjoon said after a while. “And not just for the compliments but for your company. I’ve just been a bit stressed with work and stuff and I just realized that it been a long time since I sat and actually had a conversation with someone which had nothing to do with business.”Seokjin just gave him a smile. Namjoon has yawned exactly twelve times since they entered the room. Seokjin has noticed that, he didn’t want to keep him up for long. Seokjin understood the sentiments in Namjoon’s words. He gave him a smile again.“You should get some rest,” Seokjin said and started getting up from the bed when he felt Namjoon’s hand on his wrist.“Stay a little longer,” Namjoon said with a yawn and it made Seokjin smile with fondness.“You’ll fall asleep any minute,” Seokjin said but Namjoon didn’t let go of his wrist. Seokjin put hand on Namjoon’s hand tried getting his wrist out of it. Namjoon’s hands were really soft.“Please, stay with me,” Namjoon mumbled.“Namjoon, I’ll be here in the morning, you should sleep,” Seokjin said very softly. Namjoon’s eyes were still open but they looked heavy with sleep. “I promise,” Seokjin added.“Okay, goodnight, Seokjin.”Seokjin stood up and placed the pillow on a side, he then walked towards Namjoon’s side and tucked him in. Namjoon looked really soft, really small in that very moment. Seokjin smiled again. He did the curtains so there’s darkness in the room and the he blew out all the candles. He went back to Namjoon’s side. Namjoon’s eyes were still open.“Sleep,” Seokjin said with a small laugh.“I’ll, thank you again,” Namjoon said in the softest voice possible. Maybe it was just the sleep.Seokjin leaned down and kissed Namjoon’s forehead. “Goodnight, Namjoon.”Namjoon finally closed his eyes, he had a smile on his face and Seokjin was happy to cause it.When Yoongi left Taehyung’s place he had a plan. The plan consisted of him getting drunk and staying home. There was a small pub near his place and he was very familiar with the owner. Not friends but acquaintances. Everything was planned. But then how he found himself standing in front of Hoseok’s main door, he had no idea about it.He left Taehyung’s with the sole purpose of making it to his apartment but he just couldn’t escape the thought of Hoseok being alone on a festival.He never planned on visiting Hoseok but there he was, outside Hoseok’s house. Yoongi hesitated before he rang the door-bell. He still debated if he should just leave. He still had no idea what he would say when Hoseok would ask him questions of why he was here.Yoongi could hear footsteps but it still took a while for Hoseok to appear on the door. Hoseok looked as surprised as Yoongi imagined. His lips formed an ‘o’ and words failed him.“Y-Yoongi?” Hoseok said in disbelief. He stood at the door and by Hoseok’s expression it was clear that he wasn’t going to invite Yoongi in. Yoongi put his hand up and pushed the plastic bag which contained fried chicken, towards Hoseok.“Here, have this,” Yoongi said and Hoseok took the bag unconsciously. Yoongi then turned to leave. His work here was done.“Are you leaving?” Hoseok asked the obvious.Yoongi just turned to look at him, wasn’t sure if any answer was required.“You got so much, have some of it with me,” Hoseok offered before he even checked the bag. Yoongi could hear the desperation in Hoseok’s voice so he just gave him a nod and Hoseok let him enter.It was true, Hoseok’s apartment was small. The kitchen started in the living room and there was just one more room on the opposite side. It looked small but felt like Hoseok’s. The apartment was clean, Hoseok must have been on his sofa before he opened the door because there were multiple blankets on the sofa with some cushions. The tv was on and some show or movie, Yoongi has never heard of, was playing.“Please, make yourself comfortable, I’ll be there in a second and do you need anything to drink? I only have sprite, if you need something else, I can get it from the market, it’s not far away.” Hoseok was rambling and for some reason Yoongi just found it adorable, he just smiled and asked Hoseok to just get anything that he wanted.Yoongi sat on one corner of the sofa, it wasn’t big but it was spacious enough for two, could fit three if forced.Hoseok came back from the kitchen and he had a bowl filled with the fired chicken Yoongi brought, he got both of them sprite as well and Yoongi wouldn’t complain.“I love fried chicken,” Hoseok said and Yoongi just nodded.It was obvious that Hoseok wanted to asked something but he reframed himself. Maybe because he didn’t want Yoongi to feel uncomfortable.“I have all of Taehyung’s friends addresses memorized.” Yoongi lied. It wasn’t like he digged Hoseok’s address but he has Jimin and Hoseok’s addresses memorized as they are Taehyung’s closest friends.“Taehyung sent you?” Hoseok asked curiously. They both were on the sofa now. Hoseok placed the blanket on Yoongi’s legs. Yoongi wasn’t cold at all but he didn’t mind.“No,” Yoongi replied.“You came on your own?” Hoseok asked and this time he looked up at Yoongi.“Why didn’t you go home for the festival?” Yoongi asked instead of replying to Hoseok.“I planned on going but then the academy I work at, they called and I had to go, there’s this huge festival we’re working for and there have been a lot of changes and I couldn’t say no. But they called a few hours ago and told me that the practice for today has been cancelled. So, I had no other choice to just stay home. I tried looking for tickets but everything is booked,” Hoseok replied.The light in the apartment was low. There was a small bulb on the side of the wall, the curtains were open so the light could enter and then there was the light from the TV. Otherwise, it was darker than what Yoongi anticipated.Yoongi wanted to ask Hosoek more about what he does but he wasn’t sure if that would be too much, they ate in silence with the television’s noise in the background. Once they were done, Hoseok collected all the plates and placed it in the sink and this time when he sat back on the sofa he sat closer to Yoongi.They weren’t really close but their knees were touching. Yoongi could feel his cheeks going warm. Yoongi could feel the blush that formed on his neck. He didn’t want to move his leg, he liked the warmth for some reason.“I asked Taehyung not to be concerned, he wanted to come over himself, even asked if I would wanna come over as well. I didn’t want to sulk in front of them. Taehyung is already stressed with the whole Jeongguk and his boyfriend thing, I didn’t want to add on to the stress.”Yoongi made a mental note to ask Jeongguk about the boyfriend thing. He didn’t want to look dumb in front of Hoseok so he just gave him a nod. This time around, things were different when they talked. Yoongi was facing Hoseok, Yoongi’s one leg was on the sofa and the other hanged low. His back rested on the arm of the sofa. Hoseok was somewhat in the similar position but his legs were crossed on the sofa. They both sat facing each other and they both were holding eye contact.“Why didn’t you go home? To your family?” Hoseok asked when he was sure Yoongi wasn’t going to initiate a conversation.“We’re not big on festivals. I visit home every once in six months and that’s about it for me. I don’t drop by for festival, we hardly celebrate any.”“That’s the longest you have said in one go to me,” Hoseok mentioned and laughed. Yoongi realized he liked Hoseok’s laugh. It was loud, it was warm and it has its own ring to it.“I’m sorry, I can be awkward in the starting,” Yoongi replied. He didn’t know how to let Hoseok know that it wasn’t that he didn’t want to talk to him, it’s just he didn’t know how to.“So, it’ll get better by the time?” Hoseok teased and smiled.“If we talk regularly, then, yes.” Was he flirting? Was this considered flirting? Yoongi wanted to leave.“Oh, that’s how it is.” Hoseok was clearly taken off-guard, he couldn’t come up with a better reply.“I’m glad Taehyung sent you here,” Hoseok said after a while. They were still looking at each other.“He didn’t,” Yoongi replied. If he said he overheard and decided himself, that would be embarrassing for him.“Then,” Hoseok started and paused for a second, “Why are you here?”Yoongi stayed quiet for a minute too long but Hoseok kept his eyes on his, he just wasn’t going to let it go. Yoongi thought of hundred things he could reply with. But he ended up with, “Because I wanted to.”Hoseok repeated, just to make sure he heard Yoongi right, “Because you wanted to?”“Yes,” Yoongi replied. Was this okay? Was this allowed? Did he make Hoseok feel uncomfortable? He should have warned him, he shouldn’t have been here at all. But something in Hoseok’s expression said that it was okay. That Yoongi was right where he was supposed to.Hoseok’s eyes were heavy on Yoongi’s. It was like Hoseok could see his soul. Yoongi blinked a few times to not let the lightness in his head take over. It all felt so toxic in a really good way.Yoongi tried telling himself that Hoseok was thankful towards Yoongi because he needed this company, not because Yoongi was here. That Hoseok was thankful because he needed someone to be there and not because he needed Yoongi. Hoseok would still have been thankful if it was Namjoon or Jeongguk.But something about the way Hoseok was looking at Yoongi, said otherwise. It said that Hoseok is thankful that it was Yoongi. It said that if anyone could have visited, Hoseok wanted it to be Yoongi even if the chances were slim. It said that Hoseok would want Yoongi over another company.Yoongi wasn’t sure how it happened but Hoseok’s face was inches away from his. They were close, very close. Yoongi felt Hoseok’s hot breath on his face, he felt the shaky intakes of breathes Hoseok took.Yoongi hesitated and lifted his hand to cup Hoseok’s face. Hoseok was hovering over him, his face looked down on Yoongi’s. Yoongi angled his face so he could look Hoseok in the eyes. Hoseok’s skin was soft, really soft. Yoongi wanted to run his thumb over Hoseok’s cheeks but he resisted the urge.Hoseok smiled with Yoongi’s hand on his cheeks. He leaned in with hesitation. When their lips touched, it wasn’t like how Hoseok has seen in the movies. It wasn’t sparks flying. Yes, there was rapid heartbeat and the warmth in the body but moreover it was grounding. Hoseok hesitated before he moved his lips. Pressed Yoongi’s bottom lips with his lips.Yoongi closed his eyes and moved his head for a better angle. Hoseok’s lips were soft and smooth on his. Hoseok’s hands were soft and warm wrapped around his neck. Hoseok’s cheeks were burning with sensation under his hands. Then something Yoongi clicked.Hoseok felt it and he leaned back to give them space to breathe. Hoseok looked at Yoongi with hopeful eyes but Yoongi avoided the eyes contact. Yoongi hurriedly gathered his things and he was out the door before Hoseok could even wrap his head around what was happening.Hoseok sat on his sofa and he felt like shit. Was Yoongi not into it? Was it not what he expected? Was the kiss bad? Millions of things ran through Hoseok’s mind.Hoseok reminded himself that Yoongi kissed him back. That Yoongi was the one who placed his hands on his cheeks. That Yoongi kissed him back. Maybe he changed his mind. He was allowed. But Hoseok honestly thought there was something between them. Maybe Hoseok was wrong. Jeongguk was back from his trip to Busan. Halfway through his hometown, Jimin told him that Taehyung’s birthday was on the thirtieth. Jeongguk knew but in the mix of the whole boyfriend thing, the birthday slipped his mind.Jimin asked him if they would be back before the birthday or if Jimin would have to go back home alone. Jeongguk said he would accompany him. Maybe the whole boyfriend mess has stretched for too long. It wasn’t required. It wasn’t any of Jeongguk’s business who Taehyung was exclusive with.Jimin and Jeongguk made it back on the night of the twenty ninth. Jimin wouldn’t let Jeongguk get inside the house. They both were outside the house and inside Jeongguk’s car.“Why are we here?” Jeongguk asked.“Seokjin messaged me and asked me to wait here.”“Why can’t I go in?”“Because I can’t go in,” Jimin said as a matter of fact. Jeongguk just rolled his eyes.Jeongguk liked Jimin. Jimin was free and fun to be around. Jeongguk felt more of his age when he was with Jimin than he was around anyone else he’s met yet.Jeongguk saw Seokjin and a sleepy Yoongi walk towards the back of the car and enter inside.“I thought you were coming back next week,” Seokjin whispered.“Why are you whispering?” Jimin whispered back.“Taehyung is sleeping,” Seokjin said.“We’re in a car,” Jeongguk said loudly and Yoongi flicked his head.“You talk that loud one more time, I swear.” Yoongi sounded cranky, like he hasn’t slept well in few nights.“Why are we all here?” Yoongi asked annoyed.“It’s Taehyung’s birthday in,” Seokjin looked at his watch as he spoke, “next thirty minutes.”“So?” Yoongi asked.“Don’t be insensitive,” Jimin snapped and this time Yoongi rolled his eyes.“Well, I have a plan, so the plan is that no one wishes him right after twelve. I even switched off his phone so he won’t get any messages and I called Hoseok not to come tonight,” Seokjin started explaining. Right then Jeongguk noticed that the mention of Hoseok made Yoongi bow his head down. What happened while he was gone? Jeongguk wondered.“No, please. I can’t do it. I love him, he’ll be so sad thinking none of us remember his birthday.” Jimin whined.“It hurts my heart as well but here me out. His birthday always go with a same rhythm, he always knows everyone’s gonna surprise him at midnight and then we’ll make it grand by following his orders all day and then the party at the end of the night and it also starts the New Year. This time, I think we should do something different.”“And what’s that?” Jimin asked.“I was thinking that the whole day we keep ourselves busy and act like we forgot his birthday, let’s just not mention the date or day at all. So, the lawn behind the house which has been under renovation for ages, we’ll use that for the surprise. Namjoon said he’ll help and will send some guys over to help us out. I’ve already called all his friends and they’ll be here in the evening to set up the whole place as well. Taehyung never goes out towards that arear because he still thinks it’s not complete. And then once we’re all done, we throw all out love at his face.”“I have a love-hate relationship with this plan, he already sounded so low when I called him today,” Jimin said with concern.“It’ll be alright, believe me. I’ll take him out shopping tomorrow anyway. I told him I have a date,” Seokjin said.“Namjoon asked?” Jeongguk was surprised.“Did he say he’ll?” Seokjin asked back. The tip of Seokjin’s ear turned red and it made Jeongguk smile.“I haven’t talked to him yet, but go-”Before Jeongguk could finish his sentence Seokjin snacked his hand. “Don’t ask nonsense when you don’t know.”It made Jimin laugh and Yoongi smile.“Can I go back now?” Yoongi asked.“Yes, I hope we’re all clear with the plan and Jimin can you stay for a second?” Seokjin said.Jeongguk gave Seokjin the keys to his car. Asked him to make to sure to look the doors before the come back in.Once Yoongi and Jeongguk were inside their room, Jeongguk went to clean up. When he returned he saw Yoongi was reading a book.“Is everything okay?” Jeongguk asked.“It’s a long story,” Yoongi said instead of lying.“We have the whole night,” Jeongguk replied.“You must be tried, you drove all day. We can talk tomorrow.”“As long as you promise to talk.”“Yes, now come to bed, we have a long day tomorrow.” Yoongi shuffled to make place for Jeongguk.“I’ll go check on Taehyung first. His door is closed.”“It’s been that way since you left,” Yoongi mentioned.Jeongguk walked out of his room and towards the Taehyung’s room. He was about to open the door when he heard a noise from inside. He wasn’t sure what it was, but it sounded like footsteps. Maybe Taehyung was up.The living room was pitch black, no light came form anywhere. Very quietly he pushed the doorknob and slightly opened the door to peek in.Inside he saw a man who hovered over Taehyung’s sleeping figure. Jeongguk was about to enter the room when the man turned on his phone. The light from the phone made the man’s face visible and it took Jeongguk a few minutes to register that the face he saw was familiar. Way too familiar for his liking.He saw the man click a picture of Taehyung, who was still asleep. The angle of the picture reminded him of the pictures Mr. Kim has sent him when they hired Jeongguk for this case. Jeongguk couldn’t move. He had been in the position where he had to catch a person and he has done it in a heartbeat but this one time, he just couldn’t move.When he saw the phone’s power turned off, that was when Jeongguk move from the gate. He hid himself in a corner. It was already pitch black and there was no way anyone could see Jeongguk but he had to make sure anyway.The door of Taehyung’s room opened and then he saw Jimin run towards the main door. He was out within a second.



Chapter End Notes
I'm so sorry that the updates are taking so long. I've just been caught up with bazillion stuff.I hope you enjoyed this chapter.Please do let me know what you think of it. It always motivates me to write more and write faster hahaha.Let me know what you think of the plot as well.


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes
TW: mention of gun and blood.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Are you coming?” Jeongguk asked Yoongi on his way to their room.“For what?”“You didn’t read the messages?” Jeongguk wasn’t even surprised at this point.“When you know I didn’t, why don’t you just tell me?” Yoongi was cranky than ever. Something truly was off but Jeongguk was in a rush. The meeting starts in five minutes.“Jimin made a groupchat with everyone in it, except for Taehyung, and it’s for the birthday party. We have a whole meeting in five minutes to discuss the dos and don’ts.”“How’s gonna be there?” Yoongi asked instead.“Everyone.” With that Yoongi knew Hoseok would be there as well and he was sure he wasn’t ready to face Hoseok yet.“I’ll pass, you and Namjoon discuss all the dos and don’ts and don’t let the kids make any decisions. Remember, we’re on duty. If anything goes wrong, it come to us and i’ll not compromise with security.”“Okay okay, I’ll let them know,” Jeongguk said and walked towards the room. Yoongi still had to check all the security cameras that were going to be installed for the party, so he left the house.When Jeongguk entered, everyone was already seated in a circle. Jimin in between of Hoseok and Seokjin. They had the laptop opened in front of them so that they could video chat with Namjoon. Namjoon had to attend everything so that he could be able to attend the party.“Are we ready?” Jeongguk said as he approached the group. His eyes never left Jimin’s.Jimin had been in the house since ten in the morning and it was now two in the afternoon. Jeongguk had kept all his attention on Jimin. Observed his behaviour and his interactions with everyone but nothing seemed out of place. There were times when Jimin would get scared if someone walked by and he was using his phone, he was cautious with his phone.But Jeongguk or the Kims hadn’t received any threats yet. He just waited for Jimin to do one thing wrong so that he could interrogate him.“Where’s Yoongi?” Seokjin asked and interrupted Jeongguk’s train of thoughts.“Oh, yeah, he went to check the security and cameras. He said we can start without him,” Jeongguk said and went to sit beside Hoseok.“Strange, Yoongi never misses any meetings,” Namjoon said from the screen and that was when everyone noticed that the call got connected and they all greeted each other.“Where’s Taehyung?” Namjoon asked.“He’s working in his room and asked me to lock the door as well, he’s safe,” Jeongguk said and emphasised on the word ‘safe’.“Keep a check on him every few hours, today could be risky, people always love causing trouble on big days.”Then they started the real meeting.“How many people are coming?” Namjoon asked Jimin.“Around two hundred to three, I guess and they’re bringing people with them-”“Are you crazy?” Jeongguk said in surprise. There was no way three hundred random humans will be walking around Taehyung tonight.“What? Taehyung has a lot of friends, it’ll be rude not to invite everyone.”“Cut it down to fifty people. And who’s catering?” Namjoon continued.“What? Fifty? Is this a joke? How are you supposed to have a part with just fifty people?” Jimin protested and Hoseok just laughed.“Jimin, we have two options. One, you have a party with fifty people. Two, there’s no party. I can get a manpower to handle three hundred people overnight. Also, this is not a discussion. We set the ground rules here because we have to make sure that every single one of you is safe. Also, give me a list of all the fifty people, send me their contact details as well. In fact, hand it over to Jeongguk and he’ll take care of it from there. Are we clear on this?” Namjoon said very firmly, if you had no idea what kind of a person Namjoon was, it might seem rude, but they all have been with Namjoon for some time now. They know where all of this came from. Namjoon’s heart is at the right place.“Okay, I’ll do it,” Jimin said in a sulky voice and Hoseok laughed and rubbed Jimin’s back.“He’s bossy,” Seokjin said in a flirty manner and it got a smile on Namjoon’s face. He tried his best not to let it show but Seokjin noticed and so did the rest of them.“I’ll just ask Seokjin to do the talking for me from now on,” Jimin said teasingly.“And I would have agreed with Namjoon,” Seokjin said and winked at Namjoon which made Namjoon smile even harder.“The amount of betrayal, go join the government then.”“Anyway,” Namjoon said and cleared his throat. “Catering, who’s doing it?”“So, the restaurant from where I’m learning, a bunch of my friends said they wanna do it, so, it’ll be just four to five people. No agency or company,” Seokjin said.“Okay, just send the list of people with their contact numbers to me,” Namjoon said and hoped no one noticed how he asked Seokjin to send the details to him and not Jeongguk.“Anything else you would want me to send you?” Seokjin teased and Namjoon pressed his lips to suppress a smile. Seokjin just looked satisfied.“The party gets over at midnight,” Jeongguk said before they could end the conversation.“What?” Hoseok almost yelled, “Now, this is truly crazy, fifty people were fine but midnight? Who ends a party a midnight?”“It’s his birthday party, it lasts till it’s his birthday.”“This is crazy, at least give us like two or three in the morning,” Jimin said and then paused for a second before he added, “Taehyung love parties.”“One AM and that’s final,” Jeongguk said and walked out of the room and Hoseok followed him.“Jeongguk, wait,” Hoseok yelled from behind.“Hoseok, I really respect you, please I can’t do more-”“No no, it’s not about that,” Hoseok interrupted and Jeongguk turned to face him.“I was wondering, if you know where Yoongi is?” Hoseok asked quietly. He really wanted to talk to Yoongi, ask him what was going on.“Oh, well, he’s busy today with the whole party stuff and he hasn’t been in a good mood lately, I’m sorry. I’ll let him know you asked for him.”“No no no, no, you don’t have to, it’s fine. I was just asking. I’ll see you tonight then,” Hoseok said and walked out the front door. Yoongi hasn’t been in a good mood lately and Hoseok wondered if that was because of him. If everything that happened was a mistake? If Yoongi truly regretted it. The party started at roughly eight at night, Jimin being Jimin made it all happen. Got everyone under the same roof and the whole birthday surprise for Taehyung worked but Jeongguk missed it. Jeongguk was too busy briefing the security team in the parking that he missed the way Taehyung lit up when Jimin showed him to the crowd. Jeongguk missed the way Taehyung smiled and laughed when everyone sang him the birthday song. What Jeongguk doesn’t know was that in all that Taehyung searched the crowd for Jeongguk. Taehyung missed Jeongguk.When Jeongguk entered the scene, Taehyung was nowhere to be found, he asked around and got to know that Jimin and Taehyung were in the washroom cleaning off the cake.The thought that Jimin had Taehyung alone at that time scared Jeongguk. He hadn’t told Yoongi and Namjoon anything yet and he still wasn’t sure why.When Jeongguk entered the washroom, he saw Jimin and Taehyung, they were laughing at some story which was foreign to Jeongguk.“I’m sorry to interrupt,” Jeongguk said and the two boys turned towards him, “Jimin, can you give us a second?”Jimin turned towards Taehyung, as if asking if he would be okay being alone with Jeongguk, when Taehyung gave him a nod, he left them alone.Jeongguk made sure that there was no one in the washroom, he turned towards Taehyung and said, “Stay beside me.”Taehyung looked at him in confusion and in the time that Taehyung took to answer Jeongguk, Jeongguk for the first time that night noticed how Taehyung looked. He wore a loose pant and a peach coloured see through shirt with a mesh underneath. He wore a few rings to accessorize himself and Jeongguk wouldn’t lie, Taehyung looked good. Looked like the guy the party was thrown for.“What?” Taehyung was confused, his mouth opened slightly and his lips trembled as if he wanted to say more but couldn’t.“I should have framed it better,” Jeongguk said as he realized how that would have sounded. “I want you to be by my side throughout the night, there are a lot of people here and I’m not sure anyone can be trusted.”“I’m not gonna go around following you like a lost puppy,” Taehyung said in a defensive manner and crossed his arms.“That’s not what I said,” Jeongguk said in frustration, it was hard to talk to Taehyung somehow, they weren’t like this before. “It’s for your own safety.”“And you care?” That felt like a personal jab. Like, there was more than what was being said.“It’s my job,” Jeongguk chose to answer it safely.“Stop with this nonsense, I’m not gonna stand around you when you can’t even look me in the eyes and talk to me properly. I even tried talking to you but you won’t listen and you kept avoiding me-”“If I’m the problem then I’ll let Yoongi do it, but you’ll have to be around one of us,” Jeongguk interrupted. He hated the anger in Taehyung’s tone but he knew it was his own fault.“I’ve seen the way you look at me,” Taehyung said and crossed his arms. The movement gave his chest definition and Jeongguk tried his best to keep his eyes on Taehyung’s.“What do you-” Before Jeongguk could ask more, Jimin entered. “Tae, everyone’s looking for you. It’s your party. Can’t you guys talk later?”“There’s nothing left to talk,” Taehyung said and walked out, Jeongguk followed.Jeongguk knew there was no way Taehyung would let him be near him so he decided to go for the backup, Yoongi. He spotted Yoongi near the dance floor, he was in position, eyes always scanning the room.“You need to be with Taehyung,” Jeongguk said as he leaned into Yoongi’s ear. The music way too loud for his taste.“What happened to you taking care of it?”“I tried. He won’t let me.”“That bad, huh? Well, just make sure Hoseok isn’t with them.”“I’ll keep him distracted.” Jeongguk was about to turn to look for Hoseok when he remembered something, he turned back and said, “Keep an eye on Jimin for me.”“You got an interest?” Yoongi teased and they both walked their ways.Yoongi walked over to Taehyung, who was surrounded by some people. The only person he knew in the crowd was Seokjin. They both smiled at each other.“Stay within five feet distance from me,” Yoongi whispered to Taehyung and without any fight Taehyung gave him a small nod.For Yoongi, Taehyung and him had an understanding. They both were here to play their parts, Yoongi wouldn’t force himself in Taehyung’s life and Taehyung stayed out of Yoongi’s way as well. Taehyung was also always cooperative with Yoongi, which Yoongi appreciated.“You wanna dance?” Jimin asked Taehyung.“I’ll just find myself a booth to sit, I don’t think Yoongi would like me shaking my hips because he’ll have to be on the dance floor as well.”“That’s true though,” Jimin said and then waved at a man in the crowd. “I’ll see you soon,” He said and ran towards the man.Once Seokjin, Taehyung and Yoongi were seated on a booth, Taehyung asked, “Are you suspicious of anyone here?”“No one looked out of ordinary,” Yoongi commented. As much as he would love to go in detail of how some people would just not stop looking at Taehyung, it wasn’t his place to jump to assumptions.“They’re all nice people, I have known most of them for more than five years now.”“You know, majority of the crimes that are committed are by you know in real life, someone you’re close with,” Yoongi said as a matter of fact.“Stop scaring the kid, it’s his birthday today,” Seokjin said and rubbed Taehyung’s back, who just gave a nervous laugh.“I’m just being honest, I don’t want you to isolate yourself just because there’s someone out there, I just want you to be a little bit more cautious.”“This is still scary,” Seokjin announced and looked at the crowd ahead of them, everyone was dancing, busy within themselves. “Hoseok, Jimin, come join us,” Seokjin yelled when his eyes landed on them.Jimin had his arm wrapped around Hoseok’s as they made their way towards the table. Yoongi made sure to look towards the crowd rather than at the Hoseok but he didn’t miss the way Hoseok’s smile dropped when he saw Yoongi. Yoongi would have lied and said his heart wasn’t hurt at that moment.“We need to get this guy laid,” Jimin said as he enthusiastically pointed towards Hoseok. They all shifted to make place for Jimin and Hoseok. Seokjin and Taehyung just laughed at Jimin’s remark and Yoongi acted like he hadn’t heard shit.“What has it been? Seventy years already? Come on, let the dry spell die tonight,” Taehyung punched Hoseok’s shoulder lightly.“What is wrong with you guys? Are you guys drunk?” Hoseok laughed nervously.“Grumpy cat wouldn’t let me drink but yes, Jimin is drunk,” Taehyung replied as he pointed towards Yoongi.The thing was, everyone at the table was oblivious to the tension between Yoongi and Hoseok and as much as Yoongi would love it that way he also wanted to be excluded from the narrative.“Come on, it truly has been ages since I saw you with someone and I know you’re really busy with work but make some time for yourself,” Seokjin said to Hoseok.“I’m alright, guys. Stop this.” Hoseok laughed.“Okay, how about Kim, he’s smart and handsome, earns good and, from what I’ve heard, is excellent in bed,” Jimin said sheepishly. He was giggling now, he really was drunk.“Jimin, there are plenty of Kim’s in the room.”“Yes, and you can pick any one of them, wow,” Jimin said and laughed which was later joined by Seokjin.“You got game, boy, you got the body and the face, you don’t trust me?” Jimin pushed himself more towards Hoseok who just shook his head in disbelief, which Jimin took as denial.“Yoongi,” Jimin called out but Yoongi stayed still.“Hello, Jimin to Yoongi-”“What are you doin-”“Shut up okay,” Jimin said to Hoseok and took a deep breath before he yelled, “Min Yoongi,” at the top of his lungs. Even with the loud music, a bunch of people turned towards them and Yoongi looked at Jimin with a mixture of annoyance and embarrassment. But drunk Jimin couldn’t figure the expression out.“Yes, thank you for your attention, kind sir,” Jimin bowed to Yoongi with just made Seokjin laugh.“How do you find Hoseok? Like, let’s say if you were a normal guy at some bar and Hoseok would come hit on you? What would you do?” Jimin’s questions caught everyone’s off-guard.“Jimin,” Hoseok said in a high-elaborate-pitch.“It’s not inappropriate, he’ll stop me if it is.”All the eyes on the table were at Yoongi now, except for Hoseok’s.“I don’t have to answer that,” Yoongi replied after a while.“Yeah, you don’t have to, but wouldn’t you want Hoseok to get laid tonight? Should you help another man out?” Jimin pleaded. The answer was, no, Yoongi wasn’t looking forward to Hoseok getting laid that night. He couldn’t have said that out loud because that would raise questions even he couldn’t answer.“I’m gonna go dance, cool myself off, anyone wanna join?” Hoseok abruptly stood up and started walking towards the dance floor.“I’ll come,” Taehyung and Jimin said in union.“I’ll head to the bar, I guess, you take care of the kids and call me if you need something,” Seokjin said and started walking towards the bar, he left Yoongi to himself and that gave the man a lot of time to collect himself.Seokjin wasn’t in a mood to drink, even though he would never say no to a drink but Jeongguk sent a long message to Seokjin that morning and have asked him not to drink, Jeongguk just wanted to take some necessary precautions and Seokjin would do anything for Taehyung’s safety.The only reason he made his way towards the bar was because he saw a familiar face, a body, if he was to be exact. Seokjin smiled as he walked.“Hello, Officer,” Seokjin greeted as pushed his body forwards towards the bar’s slap.“Please don’t call me that,” Namjoon laughed.“You don’t like it? What do you want me to say? Mr. Uniform?” Seokjin teased. Seokjin had his back turned towards the crowd, his face turned towards Namjoon, whereas, Namjoon faced towards the crowd and away from Seokjin.“Namjoon, just that’ll do,” Namjoon replied.“No nicknames? How dull is that?” Seokjin leaned a bit forward towards Namjoon, he wanted Namjoon to notice him.“Do you have any?”“Yes, many, Jin, Jinnie, or my favourite, Worldwide handsome,” Seokjin said proudly.“What?” Namjoon said and turned towards Seokjin, he was laughing, loudly. His head bowed low and hand covered his face.“What? It’s true, do you think I’m not?” Even though Seokjin was only teasing, he still wanted to know what Namjoon would say to that.“No, absolutely not.” The sincerity in Namjoon’s voice made Seokjin’s heart race.“Don’t you have a job to do?” Seokjin said out of panic and moved Namjoon’s head towards the crowd, only so his eyes weren’t on Seokjin anymore.“You look good,” Namjoon said faintly.“What?”“I said, you look good,” Namjoon repeated.“Oh, ah, umm. Thanks.”“For someone who’s Mr. Worldwide Handsome, you don’t take compliments that well,” Namjoon teased but his eyes stayed glued towards the crowd. They were in a corner, Seokjin and Namjoon. This corner gave Namjoon a good access to the whole room, he could see everything and he was on duty.“Well, maybe I’m not used to them being coming from you,” Seokjin replied and moved his body a little more towards Namjoon.“Maybe I should give it out more?”“Yeah, you should.”Seokjin was aware that he stood near to Namjoon now, way close than he would have felt comfortable with anyone else.“Why are you even at the bar? The dance floor is certainly more entertaining than this side of the room,” Seokjin asked and looked in the front, the bottles of alcohol lined in front of him.“Because I’ve heard that a certain someone likes to drink on celebrations,” Namjoon said and got the glass of water he kept for himself. He took a sip of water to wet his otherwise dry throat. He was nervous, flirting with Seokjin was a nervous territory.“Are you that smooth in bed as well?” Seokjin replied and Namjoon choked on his water. He started coughing hysterically and Seokjin just laughed with him, he rubbed his back and patted it a little hard for the cough to go down. “Why would you start flirting when you can’t even take it yourself?” Seokjin yelled.“You… call whatever you just said,” Namjoon coughed again, “Flirting?”“What else was it? An invitation to my bed?” Seokjin yelled again and Namjoon’s eyes were big, he couldn’t believe the words that came out of Seokjin’s mouth.When Namjoon had calmed down, he decided on two things, first, he couldn’t read Seokjin at all and second, never to take any liquid in front of Seokjin otherwise he’ll choke.“Why are you here?” Namjoon asked instead.“To give you some company,” Seokjin replied but took a step back, “I could leave if you don’t want me here.”“No, no, that… that wasn’t why I asked,” Namjoon said and shook his head. He understood how it might have sounded wrong, “I’m sorry, I just… I meant to ask… Stay. Don’t leave.” He kept his eyes forward.“As long as you’ll have me,” Seokjin smiled and teased to calm Namjoon down and Namjoon just bowed his head again and laughed.“The party is in the front though,” Namjoon said when he realized that Seokjin had no intention of looking at the crowd. There was no one behind the bar except for three bartenders at the other corner.“I like my view the way it is,” Seokjin said and moved towards Namjoon again.“Oh God, are you drunk?”“I’m not allowed to drink tonight,” Seokjin said.“So, you’re flirting with me?” Namjoon laughed.“Am I that bad at it?” Seokjin whispered in Namjoon’s ear and it made Namjoon shiver.“I just don’t think it’s the right time,” Namjoon tried his best to his voice as stable as he could.Seokjin’s shoulder were brushing with Namjoon with how close they both stood. Seokjin’s chin was practically touching Namjoon’s shoulder but instead of resting it he dropped his left hand down. He was to left side of Namjoon, Namjoon’s hand an invitation to be touched, to be grabbed. So, Seokjin took it. Took the opportunity and caressed his index finger over Namjoon’s thumb and finger.“When do you ever have time for me? There’s never a right time with you,” Seokjin whispered in Namjoon’s ear and this time, his words were heavy, his tone challenging.Namjoon couldn't reply, he stood there, eyes still fixed to the crowd and scanning the room.Namjoon stayed quiet for too long, Seokjin moved his finger and started caressing the inside of Namjoon’s hand.Seokjin was teasing, he was flirting, he wanted to see how far Namjoon would go with this. They both knew Namjoon was on duty, they both knew there’s absolutely nothing that could happen right now.“You… you’re a distraction,” Namjoon said in a low tone.“I...” Seokjin would never want Namjoon to be distracted from his work, it’s about Taehyung’s safety after all. He would hate if anything were to happen to anyone just because Namjoon wasn’t attentive and that too because of Seokjin.“I should le-” Before Seokjin could walk away, before he even had the time to take his hand out of Namjoon’s, Namjoon grabbed his hand. Held it as delicately as he could. His touch was warm but nervous. His fingers were shaky.“Stay,” Namjoon said again, “I’m gonna have a break in another five minutes,” Namjoon said and turned towards Seokjin. Namjoon’s pupils were blown, watching Namjoon like that ignited something in Seokjin.“We can get out for a while,” Namjoon finished but Seokjin was too froze to even response. As soon as Namjoon turned back towards the crowd, he saw Yoongi making his way towards him.Namjoon took a deep breath, being alone with Seokjin right now, this soon, it made his heart beat stronger and faster.“You got a minute,” Yoongi said as he approached Namjoon and Namjoon could feel that something was wrong.“Seokjin, could you excuse us for a second?” Yoongi asked politely and Seokjin nodded.“Wait,” Yoongi called Seokjin back and said, “Just make sure to be with Jimin and Hoseok. You three need to be together right now.”“Is everything okay?” Seokjin looked worried.“Yeah, everything’s under control.” Namjoon noticed how Yoongi didn’t reply to Seokjin’s question but replied to his worry.“Where’s Taehyung?” Seokjin asked.“With Jeongguk,” Yoongi replied. With that being said, Seokjin gave Namjoon a last look, ‘Take Care’ return all over his face and Namjoon just gave him a nod.“You need to go out towards the back, the side of the house to be exact. And watch that side. Jeongguk is at the terrace with Taehyung. Taehyung got a call from his parents and as it’s loud here, he went up and Jeongguk said he would go up to check on him because I saw someone go up a about twenty minutes ago and that person hasn’t come down yet.” Yoongi explained.“Stay in touch and I’ll send few more guy inside,” Namjoon replied.“I’ve asked Jeongguk to send me a signal on the walkie if anything happens, he just walked up a minute ago.”They both nodded and Namjoon walked out, it was poorly lit outside even though it was bright as day inside.Namjoon checked for his guns and asked the two guards outside to go in, Namjoon called for some back right then.“Taehyung.” Namjoon heard Jeongguk from the terrace just when the song was changing. But as new song started, nothing could be heard anymore.Jeongguk was on the terrace, it wasn’t huge but it did the work. Taehyung was on one end of the trace happily chatting on the phone.“Taehyung,” Jeongguk called out. Taehyung turned towards Jeongguk and his smile dropped. He said something on the phone and then hung up.“What are you doing here?” Taehyung asked.“Who was that on the call?” Jeongguk asked instead.“If you don’t answer my question, I don’t answer yours.”“Don’t play smart with me right now, just answer the question.” Maybe Taehyung sensed the seriousness in Jeongguk’s voice. “My parents,” he replied nicely.Jeongguk just walked towards Taehyung and they stood close. “Wha-” Jeongguk closed Taehyung’s mouth before he could speak. Taehyung was taken by surprise. He looked at Jeongguk with wide eyes and then he started resisting. “Shhh,” Jeongguk said and moved his other hand around Taehyung’s waist. They were close, face to face and chest to chest but Jeongguk wasn’t there with Taehyung. His ears were open. His eyes scanned the terrace. There were few random objects on the terrace, some posts, canvases, a small garage in the middle of the terrace and several random stools and chairs. There were no movement, but he trusted Yoongi, he knew someone was up here with them. He could feel it. He just wanted to know the direction.He looked at Taehyung’s face for a second and there was fear. Jeongguk wished he could explain but he knew he couldn’t speak right now. Gently, he moved Taehyung behind him. Made sure that Taehyung was safe, that whoever it was out there with them, if he had a weapon, he would have to go through Jeongguk first.“Wh-”“Don’t move or speak,” Jeongguk whispered. He scanned the whole area again but he couldn’t see what was behind the garage. He couldn’t move towards the garage as he had Taehyung with him. He stood there, waited for the peron’s move.A loud bang on the door startled him.“Taehyung, we’ve been looking everywhere for you,” a very very very drunk Jimin yelled. He entered with the whole crowd. Everyone walked straight towards Taehyung and Jeongguk.“Shit,” Jeongguk mumbelled and turned towards Taehyung, “Stay with me.” It wasn’t a discussion and Taehyung knew it.Jeongguk quickly spotted Yoongi.“I tried to stop Jimin but he’s too drunk, almost threw up on four different people and I don’t have enough manpower to handle fifty people.” Yoongi explained as they both stood on the side and kept an eye on Taehyung.“We have to ask everyone to leave.”“That means we’re letting go of the actual culprit.”“Better leave him now than let anyone get harm,” Jeongguk said and Yoongi nodded. It was only a little after midnight but it was needed to be done.“Kids, the party is over,” Yoongi yelled and everyone turned. The music was already low as Yoongi made sure to turn the volume down when everyone decided to move places.Everyone protested to Yoongi’s words but Yoongi started motioning people to go down the stairs. Hoseok was pretty quiet during all of it. He stayed by a whining Jimin and an understanding Seokjin. Taehyung just stood there, smiled at everyone and thanked everyone for showing up. Every time a person walked towards Taehyung to hug him or wish him, Jeongguk would get nervous. The thought that anyone could have any weapon wouldn’t leave his mind.Hyu and Una stayed by Taehyung for the longest. They both showed no signs as to when they would leave.“You both have to leave as well,” Jeongguk said after a few minutes. Hyu was drunk, that much was clear. He was a bit too touchy to Taehyung as well, held Taehyung by the waist just like Jeongguk had a few minutes ago.“I’ll be staying with him,” Hyu said and Jeongguk didn’t mean to laugh but he did. Laughed at the fact that Hyu thought he was the one giving out orders.“I don’t think you heard me right, I said, both of you will have to leave as well,” Jeongguk said with irritation and Yoongi pressed his hand.“I’m his boyfriend,” Hyu said a bit louder. “I would never harm him.”“I’m his bodyguard,” Jeongguk replied calmly. “I’ll make sure you don’t lay a finger on him. Now, leave with dignity before I’ve to ask one of my men to escort you out.”Hyu took a step towards Jeongguk, the same intimidating way people do when they are trying to fight someone. Jeongguk really tried his best not to laugh. Taehyung grabbed Hyu’s hand before he could take another step.“It’s okay, you should go. I’ll see you tomorrow.” Taehyung smiled at Hyu. Jeongguk looked away.“You sure? I can stay the night over, I know how much you hate sleeping alone,” Hyu said and Jeongguk turned to look at the man.“Yes, it’s okay, I’ll have Hoseok and Jimin with me.” Taehyung have another reassuring smile and Hyu smiled back. He leaned in to kiss Taehyung and Jeongguk was about to look away when he noticed Taehyung’s finger on Hyu’s lips.“You’re drunk,” Taehyung said.“It’s your birthday kiss,” Hyu replied.“You’re still drunk.” Taehyung patted Hyu’s shoulder and the man turned to leave, he gave Jeongguk a look before his way out.“Una, you’ll have to leave as well,” Jeongguk said poliety.“She can stay,” Taehyung said but then he looked at Jeongguk and the seriousness on his face, “I mean, can she stay a little longer?” Una wasn’t a thread, her records were clean, she was one of the closest friend of Taehyung as well and Jeongguk would be around them.“Not for too long,” Jeongguk replied and everyone moved down.Namjoon met them all in the living room. Seokjin gave everyone water, Jimin desperately needed it.“Why was everyone asked to leave?” Seokjin asked and then Yoongi looked over at Una, they couldn’t talk in front of her even if they wanted. All of Taehyung’s friend knew Taehyung had a bodyguard but they all knew a made up story. No one truly knew what was happening.“I’ll take Una to my room, I wanted to talk to her,” Taehyung stood up and started walking followed by Una and Jeongguk.“You don’t have to be here, you can be with the rest of them,” Taehyung said to Jeongguk.“I can’t leave you alone tonight,” Jeongguk replied in a whisper so that Una couldn’t hear them. She already made her way to Taehyung’s bed.Taehyung just gave Jeongguk a nod and the walked to the other side of the bed.“You okay Tae, you look a little different?” Una asked.“Hyu is cheating on me,” Taehyung said. The whole fell silence, even though there were only three of them, the atmosphere changed and it seemed like they’re crowded by with silence.“What? Oh my God, Tae.” Una sat straight and turned towards Taehyung.Taehyung just gave her a weak smile. Jeongguk could feel his blood boiling.“How do you know that?” Una asked as she covered her mouth with shock.“I received a message anonymously and at first I thought it’s a joke but then there’s proof.”“Where? How? I’m so sorry, Tae.” Una reached out and grabbed Taehyung’s hand. Jeongguk just kept his eyes on them.“It’s just, you know, Hyu is famous and all because of his dad and media is always trying to find things to bash someone that would make his dad look bad. If you search his name with the name of his partner, you’ll find few pictures and articles. I guess I never noticed because I wasn’t keen on news so much and all they talk about is violence and drama, so, if it wasn’t for the anon tip, I would have never known.” Taehyung explained and closed his eyes. He took a deep breath.“Do you want juice? My throat’s all dried up,” Taehyung said and stood up. Una just gave him a small nod.Taehyung went out to the kitchen to grab the drinks and Una went back to her phone. When Taehyung came back, the juice spilled got spilled on Una and she jumped from the bed.“I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry, I must have zoned out,” Taehyung said and rushed towards his wardrobe. He pulled out a black plain shirt and gave it to Una.“You go change in this, you’ll catch a cold with the drink on you, I’m so sorry.”“It’s okay, it’s okay. I’ll change. It’s okay, Tae.” She walked towards the bathroom and as soon as she entered the bathroom Taehyung turned around and grabbed Una’s phone from the bed.Jeongguk wasn’t sure what he was doing, Jeongguk wasn’t even sure if he was supposed to ask. Jeongguk just observed Taehyung’s face, his expression and there was nothing. His face was as blank as it was when he handed Una the shirt. Right before Una was out of the bathroom, Taehyung dropped the phone right where it was.“I’m all changed and new,” Una declared as she was out.“I’ll not hold you around for long, you should go get some rest tonight,” Taehyung said.“No, it’s completely fine, I can stay over the night,” Una insisted.“You really don’t have to, I appreciate it. You helped a lot with organizing all this and I can’t ask you to stay, you’ll not even get proper sleep here. Jeongguk wakes me up at five in the morning for some stupid drills,” Taehyung lied.“Are you sure I should go? Jimin is really drunk and Hoseok might go home, I can sleep here with you, I’ll be here with you,” Una said and still went to grab her phone.“Yes, I’ll be completely fine,” Taehyung said and turned towards Jeongguk, “I have Jeongguk.”With those words, Jeongguk was certain that his heart skipped a beat. He was confident that his heart started racing as well and he was confident that a blush was rising.“Okay, I’ll see you soon,” Una said and hugged Taehyung. Then she kissed his cheeks and smiled at him.“I love you, I wouldn’t be here without you. Thank you so much. And about Hyu, don’t worry about it, it’s probably just a rumour and I’ll talk to him,” Taehyung said and smiled.“I love you too. And you sleep good, okay? If you need me, just call me. If you need me to talk to Hyu, just let me know as well. I’ll ask his ass what he did now.”They both hugged again and Una moved towards the door, she smiled at Jeongguk as a way to say bye and then she walked out the door.As soon as she stepped out and Jeongguk heard her leave the house, Taehyung sat down on the floor. It looked like he was about to faint and it made Jeongguk worried. Jeongguk rushed towards Taehyung but stopped when he saw Taehyung’s face. His body was dull and he moved his legs towards his chest, held them close.“Taehyung,” Jeongguk said in almost a whisper.“I wanna be alone,” Taehyung replied in a broken voice.“Are you okay,” Jeongguk asked.“Can you please close the door on your way out,” Taehyung said poliety in a shaking voice.“Do you need me to call Hoseok or Seokjin for you,” Jeongguk asked again.“Tell them I’m asleep,” Taehyung said and he dropped his head on his knees. Taehyung’s eyes were all red, the tears just in his eyes and were fighting to escape.Jeongguk wanted to comfort him, wanted to say something, just anything but he couldn’t. He wasn’t allowed and Taehyung doesn’t want him there. Jeongguk’s throat hurted. Jeongguk’s body felt heavy and he closed the door as he walked out.He saw that everyone was still in the living room. Seokjin and Namjoon sat on opposite sides on the sofa, kept as much distance as they possibly can. Jimin laid down on the other sofa with his head on Hoseok’s lap and Yoongi sat on the stool in the kitchen.“Jeongguk, tell me what’s happening, I’m worried,” Seokjin said as soon as he saw Jeongguk.Jeongguk had to collect himself fast, he took a deep breath and walked towards everyone, stood facing them so everyone could hear.“We think the culprit was with us tonight,” Jeongguk said and looked at Jimin. He was confident that Jimin wasn’t there but something about Jimin just doesn’t sit well with him.“What? Who?” Hoseok asked.“We don’t know yet, we have a lot of work to do from tonight but I want everyone to rest well,” Namjoon replied.“How’s Taehyung?” Yoongi asked.“He’s,” Jeongguk started and stopped, he had to lie to them, “asleep, was tired and just wanted to rest. We should leave him like that.”“His door is closed, is that okay?” Seokjin said.“It’s his birthday, it’s the least I can do for him,” Jeongguk replied. He hated not being there with Taehyung but he knew he couldn’t.“You want some coffee?” Seokjin said and walked towards the kitchen, “I’ll make everyone coffee and they can stick around for longer.”“I’m good, thanks, I’ll just… I’ll be in my room,” Jeongguk said and went straight to his room.Taehyung on the other hand went to bed, crying wasn’t going to do anyone any good, he understood that fast.He laid down on his bed and kept looking at all the pictures from today. Of Hyu, Una, Jimin, Hoseok, Seokjin, Namjoon, Yoongi and Jeongguk. There was one picture of Jeongguk and that too a blurry shot, but that was his favourite. Taehyung’s head hurted. The day was too exhausting. The day was too demanding. All Taehyung wanted was a cuddle but all he got was a cold bed.Taehyung opened his phone and went through his messages, checked all the people who have messaged him and who all he had to reply later.Jeongguk’s name was right there, he wanted to message him. Wanted to just talk. Wanted to know how long are they going to be like this? Another messages popped up from an unknown number.
You looked good tonight.
Taehyung reread the message over a dozen times but he couldn’t understand who could have sent it.How’s this? Taehyung replied.Is that how you reply to a compliment? The message read.Taehyung was too tired for this, he thought all of it was a prank. All his friends has had a habit of pranking Taehyung on his birthday and he thought it was one of those things. He was confident.You have always looked good in the white, you still look as beautiful as well. The new message read. Taehyung looked down and realized he wore a white shirt. The lights in his rooms were off so there was no way someone could see him from the outside, his curtains were pulled apart and the only light there was was of the moon.Taehyung looked around to see if he could sense any moments in his room or outside.Don’t look around, pretty, you’ll not see me. Another message popped up. That was when it hit him that someone was looking at him through his phone’s camera.Taehyung panicked. He wanted to yell but he wasn’t sure if he could. Suddenly he saw a red laser light inside his room coming from the outside. Taehyung lowered himself more into the bed, there was no way that laser light could touch him if he was deep in his bed.His heartbeat was fast and so was his breathing.What do you want? Taehyung replied.What I’ve always wanted. The messenger said.Taehyung opened another message with Jeongguk. Hurry, someone can see me from the outside. Taehyung wrote and hit send.You. You and only you. The new message from the blocked number read.As fast as you can, get beneath you bed. The reply from Jeongguk said.Taehyung wasn’t sure if he could move, he wasn’t sure if there was any way out of it. The laser light moved all around the room. Taehyung lowered the brightness of his screen and with one quick moment, rolled beneath his bed.Hurry, i’m scared. Taehyung wrote to Jeongguk. Taehyung was sure that Jeongguk must have been coming up with a plan but Taehyung was scared to death. The whole situation was making him lose his mind.Beneath the bed are we? I liked you on top of it. The new message from the blocked number read. Taehyung would reread all the messages, his heart would beat faster at every word. He was disgusted. His stomach felt weird.There was knock on Taehyung’s door. “Taehyung are you safe?” Jeongguk’s voice calmed him down a little bit.“I’m scared.” Taehyung almost yelled.“He can’t touch you, he can’t hear you. I’ll not let anything happen to you, I promise.” Jeongguk yelled back from behind the door. Taehyung wasn’t sure why he wouldn’t enter. Why he just wouldn’t save him from this.Talking to the boyfriend are we? The new message popped up. You know I can see you talking even if I can’t hear you. Let’s put a target on him, shall we, pretty?Taehyung heart sunked as he watched the laser stop at the door.“No no no no no, Jeongguk, run, run Jeongguk run,” Taehyung yelled on top of his lungs.“Taehyung-”“He has his gun pointed at you, run please run,” Taehyung yelled again but the door flung open. Then he heard the gunshot and then everything went black for him.Taehyung blinked and blinked and blinked but he couldn’t focus, he couldn’t see or speak. He wasn’t sure if the time has stopped or if everything was in slow motion or if everything went fast. But he was sure only a few seconds has passed because Jeongguk walked towards the bed. Taehyung laid underneath it. His phone still right next to him. Taehyung wasn’t sure when the crying started but he was crying. His head was heavy, his heart was scared and he was scared.Jeongguk looked at the bed for a second before he laid down on the floor. Parallel to Taehyung. Jeongguk laid down right where the bed ended and Taehyung was in the middle of the bed, underneath it.They both looked at each other for a while. Silent. The only voice there was, of Taehyung’s breathing and irregular sobs. Jeongguk wanted to speak first, wanted to ask if Taehyung was okay but he stayed there. He would speak whenever Taehyung looked ready.“Are you hurt?” Taehyung asked in between of his sobs. The room was dimly lit because of the lights from outside but if Taehyung could see Jeongguk well, he would notice how Jeongguk’s lips broke into a tiny smile over the concern.All of it happened to Taehyung and Taehyung only and his first question was if Jeongguk was hurt or not.“I’m not hurt, are you okay?” Jeongguk asked. Taehyung remained silent and just kept looking at Jeongguk.Jeongguk was still very worried about Taehyung, he wanted to check if Taehyung was okay, physically as well. He for sure knew that Taehyung wasn’t emotional alright just yet but he wanted to check if there were any accidental wounds on his body.Jeongguk, very slightly and slowly, moved his hand under the bed, towards Taehyung. Jeongguk’s palm was upwards and his finger’s losely open.Taehyung moved his eyes towards Jeongguk’s hand and kept looking, Jeongguk wasn’t sure what was to happen next. He would wait a while and then ask Taehyung to walk outside. But he stayed just the way he was.Then he saw Taehyung’s hand move and his fingers touched Jeongguk’s. Taehyung moved his hand a little more and placed it on top of Jeongguk’s. Jeongguk closed his hand around Taehyung’s and circled the back of Taehyung's hand with his thumb.“You’re okay, we’re okay,” Jeongguk said reassuring him. They both were still on the floor. Taehyung gave him a nod and Jeongguk pulled Taehyung out from under the bed.When they stood up Taehyung turned towards the window and saw the bullet. He forgot that all the glasses were bulletproof, for a second there he was actually scared that the culprit has pulled the trigger on Jeongguk.They walked outside and Seokjin offered Taehyung water. Hoseok ran and a blanket and wrapped Taehyung in it. Jimin was awake again but he was still drunk. He tried to be as sober as he could.Soon after Yoongi and Namjoon joined them.“Did you catch him?” Jimin asked.“He flew before we got there,” Yoongi replied, “But we have few stuff, the bullet’s shell and the phone he threw away.”Yoongi didn’t wanted them to know more, they just needed to know that they’re not clueless. That it would take them less time to catch the culprit now.“Taehyung can’t stay here tonight,” Namjoon said.“Take him to our room with you,” Yoongi said to Jeongguk and he just gave them a nod.“What about the rest?” Jeongguk asked. “It’s not safe for anyone to alone right now.”“I’ll stay here with Seokjin, Jimin, Hoseok and Yoongi,” Namjoon replied. He looked over at Seokjin as if asking for permission.“As much as I would want to but I can’t stay here tonight,” Hoseok said.“Same,” Jimin said right after.“I have a big day at work tomorrow and I have to be there at seven in the morning.” Hoseok looked over at Taehyung with guilt but Taehyung just smiled at Hoseok. Taehyung knew how hard Hoseok was worked to be where he was right that moment.“I can drop you tomorrow morning,” Namjoon offered.“All my stuff is at my house, we’ll have to leave by four from here if I have to make it on time, it’s better this way,” Hoseok replied. They all looked around, they knew they couldn’t leave Hoseok and Jimin alone.“I would go with them,” Yoongi said and all eyes were on Yoongi.“I would take Hoseok and Jimin to Hoseok’s place and make sure they both are safe,” Yoongi suggested.“Will you be okay with it?” Namjoon asked and Hoseok wanted to protest, wanted to say no but he couldn’t. He just gave Namjoon a simple nod.“Okay, so it’s settled. Yoongi takes Hoseok and Jimin to Hoseok’s, Jeongguk takes Taehyung to the safe house and Seokjin stays here with me,” Namjoon announced and as if on que, everyone started moving. They all greeted Taehyung for the last time and everyone made their way out.“Take care of him and call me if you need anything, okay?” Seokjin said to Jeongguk right before they were about to leave. Jeongguk gave him a nod. Once the car left, Yoongi pulled up with car, Jimin rushed towards the back and just laid down on the backseat. Hoseok hesitated before taking the passenger seat.“Seokjin, get some sleep, okay? Don’t worry so much, it’ll do no one any good.” Hoseok smiled and Seokjin nodded.Once that car left, Seokjin turned towards Namjoon, “That leaves the two of us,” he said softly.“All the doors and windows are locked, right?” Namjoon asked as they entered the house.“Yes, ” Seokjin replied. There was this unsaid tension between them. Seokjin wasn’t sure what to say or do. He still wanted to know about the culprit but he also didn’t want Namjoon to be uncomfortable.Namjoon stopped in the living room, he wasn’t sure where to go to next? Should he just walk towards Yoongi’s room or just sit down on the sofa right there.“I’ll get you water, you look tired,” Seokjin said and they both moved towards the kitchen.“It’s been a long day,” Namjoon replied.“Do you mind me asking what happened outside?” Seokjin was careful, wanted to not polite but also wanted all the information. “And don’t lie please.”“When Jeongguk got out of the room and told me what Taehyung has messaged him, that only left us with one place. The abandoned building just parallel to house and in front of Taehyung’s room. Everywhere else is empty around the house, just big empty grounds. So, I asked Yoongi to come with me, all the backup guys we had for the night were sent home because, I guess it’s my fault, I thought we all were safe.”“It’s not your fault,” Seokjin said firmly.“I should have known better,” Namjoon replied.“There’s no way in hell you could have known that,” Seokjin pressed the topic.“Well, then Yoongi rushed with me and I was certain that whoever the person is will see us before we can even catch them and that’s what happened, Jeongguk stayed outside the door for as long as he could, which bought us time but that wasn’t enough. The distance we had to cover was large and as soon as Jeongguk entered the room, I guess, that’s when the bullet went off. The building is huge as well, we couldn’t know which way or where the person was, so we just made a round guess.”Seokjin handed the glass of water to Namjoon and he took a sip before he started again, “When we entered the building’s terrace, we saw few stuff, the bullet shell being the main thing, the disposable phone he was using to message Taehyung.”“How are you so sure it’s a he?”“He bumped his shoulder somewhere and he heard a loud yell, I’m certain it’s a man and girls aren’t that crazy, are they?” Namjoon joked to lighten the mood. “But we can never be too sure, a voice says nothing, even if I would have seen the back of the person, I could still only have a guess. But we all have a feeling that it’s a man. For once, majority of Taehyung’s friends are men, the only girls he hangs out with aren’t that close to him. And with what little evidence we have for what’s happening, it clearly looks like someone who was or is close to Taehyung.”“Do you have any suspects?” Seokjin asked. He knew it was to early to ask but he just wanted to know.“I shouldn’t be telling you this but I don’t believe it hundred present myself, so, well yeah.” Namjoon took another sip, “Jimin.”“Jimin? Park Jimin? Our Jimin?” Seokjin was baffled. He couldn’t have heard it right.“Yeah, him.”“There is no way, no way on earth Jimin is in any way involved. Not even one percent. You can have my word on it,” Seokjin crossed his arms in a defensive manner.“I’m not accusing him, it’s just a suspect list, you were on it as well and so was Hoseok. We can never be too sure of anything till we are.”“Jimin would throw his life away from Taehyung in a heartbeat, he would never ever do anything like it ever, to Taehyung or to anyone for that matter. Even if he hated the person,” Seokjin’s voice raised.“Hey, hey, Mr. Worldwide Handsome, I’m not accusing your friend. Jimin is just one of the suspects. Everyone who attended the party today is a suspect.” Seokjin smiled at the said nickname.“Taehyung will be okay, right? Safe and sound?”“Jeongguk wouldn’t let anything happen to Taehyung. As stupid as that kid is, he would take a bullet for Taehyung.”“That whipped huh?” Seokjin teased.“You’ve noticed?” Namjoon laughed.“There’s just, I don’t know what to say it, tension? Going on between them, they just need to sort things out for themselves. Taehyung has a pure heart, a warm, kind, loving heart. He take things too personally, if you don’t explain why you disagree with him, he’s think it’s a jab at him. And you know what people say, communication is the key.”“Wise words, oldman,” Namjoon teased.“Get out of my house,” Seokjin laughed with surprise and slightly punched Namjoon’s right shoulder and Namjoon squealed in pain.“Are you okay?” Seokjin got worried and walked towards Namjoon but Namjoon stopped him.“Don’t… I’m okay, I’m okay.”“You don’t sound okay, you sound like you’re in pain,” Seokjin said with concern.“Take off your coat,” Seokjin said firmly, his hand stretched out towards Namjoon.“What? No, I’m fine.”“I said take your goddamn coat off, Namjoon,” Seokjin raised his voice and Namjoon went still. They both looked at each other and Namjoon knew there was no way he could get out of it. So, Namjoon did what he was told. Slowly, he started taking off his coat.“You know, this isn’t how I imagined you would ask me to strip,” Namjoon joked.“Not now, Namjoon,” Seokjin tried to press the smile. He wanted to be serious.That’s when Seokjin saw, the white shirt ruined with red colour. It was like, Seokjin’s throat went dry all of a sudden, his eyes went wide and he couldn’t speak. He just looked at Namjoon who just shrugged his shoulder like it was nothing.Seokjin took Namjoon’s left hand and lead him towards Seokjin’s bathroom.“It’s really nothing, I can take care of it,” Namjoon said but Seokjin didn’t reply. He urged Namjoon to sit on the toilet seat and went to grab his first aid and dry and wet towels.“How did It happen and what did you hit?” Seokjin asked. His own voice sounded foreign to him. He tried to calm his heartbeat so he could work with what’s in front of him.“You don’t have to worry.”“Don’t make me repeat myself.”“When I was entering the building, it was all dark and I could hardly see anything. But I didn’t hear any footsteps, right when I was about to turn towards the terrace, the person pushed me, I was taken off-guard because I couldn’t hear or see him. I fell down some stairs and I guess that’s when I hit my shoulder to something, but it wasn’t bleeding then, when he ran past me, I grabbed his leg and that’s when he stabbed me whatever he had in his hand. I couldn’t see what it was but it clearly wasn’t a proper knife. Maybe a pocket knife. It wasn’t that sharp or long. That’s why the cut’s not deep. I hit my head and I blacked out for a few seconds and that was long enough for him to escape. Yoongi was on the other side of the building, he didn’t even hear anyone leave,” Namjoon explained with his head held down. Seokjin took the scissor and cute the whole sleeve from the shirt.“You should have told me before, what even was your plan? You were to stay here for the whole night,” Seokjin’s voice was softer than the last time when he said that.“Nothing really, I would wait for you to fall asleep and then go see what was needed to be done. We all know how to do first aid, we learn because that’s compulsory in the field.”“You’re so stupid, Namjoon, the more you leave it open the more chances of an infection,” Seokjin said and he started treating the wound. It was true that the cut wasn’t deep but blood was still tripping out. He cleaned the blood first.“I would have taken care of it,” Namjoon tried to sound confident, “And I can take my shirt off if you need me to, to work on it better,” Namjoon said innocently as he pointed towards the cut.Seokjin smirked, “I don’t think my heart could take that view right now.”“I… I didn’t mean… I didn’t… I meant…” Seokjin laughed because he had Namjoon flustered.“I get it, I’m just teasing.” Seokjin laughed. Then they both remained silent. Seokjin worked hard, all his concentration on the arm and that was why he missed the way Namjoon was looking at him. He missed the small smile on Namjoon’s face and he missed the little blush on Namjoon’s neck and cheeks. He missed the way Namjoon’s body was warm because of Seokjin and not because of the wound. That’s why Seokjin missed the way Namjoon’s breathing would go uneven whenever Seokjin would touch his knee on accident.Once they were done, Seokjin took Namjoon to his room.“You’ll be sleeping here,” Seokjin said as he gestured towards his bed.“I can sleep in Yoongi’s bed.”“But you’ll be sleeping here,” Seokjin smiled and waved his hand towards his bed.“I don’t want you to be uncomfortable,” Namjoon said in a low voice.“If I was, I wouldn’t have asked you to sleep in my bed, I’ll get you some medicine and you can sleep, okay? We can take care of everything tomorrow,” Seokjin said and moved around his room to find the box of medicine.“We?” Namjoon noticed as he moved to sit on the edge of the bed.“Yeah, I’ll help you out with whatever you need,” Seokjin said.“You don’t have to do my job for me,” Namjoon said and Seokjin could sense some uneasiness in his tone.“I know, that’s why I’ll only be helping out.” Seokjin got the glass of water and got some painkillers and antibiotics.“These will be good for the night and if you need anything else, you can ask me,” Seokjin said as he handed him the medicine.“Where did you learn all this? The first aid,” Namjoon asked and Seokjin went to sit beside Namjoon.“I cook a lot and I love trying out different style of cooking and knifes and sometimes it gets out of control and I just don’t see it coming. Sometimes the cuts are not deep, just light enough to cut the upper skin but not get the blood out but other times it’s deep, the knife is sharp and I just hated going to hospital every few weeks for such cuts. So, I took a proper class for first aid, learned everything I would ever need to know for such cuts,” Seokjin said and smiled at Namjoon. The night light in the room was on, it wasn’t bright but it was bright enough to see each other’s faces.“Well, your cooking came in handy,” Namjoon gave a little laugh.“It truly did, now, why don’t you rest, you’ve had a long day,” Seokjin said. Got the blankets for Namjoon and put them on the bed.“I’m not sleepy, maybe the adrenaline is still high and I just can’t fall asleep.”“And maybe the painkillers and antibiotic will kick in soon and you’ll be asleep in the next hour,” Seokjin said and gave him a pillow.“Maybe. Till then, talk to me.”“About what?” Seokjin asked and Namjoon took off his shoes. “Do you need comfy clothes, I have t-shirts and shorts that you can wear,” Seokjin added.“Just the shorts will do, I’ll keep the same shirt on.” Namjoon soon changed into a pajama given by Seokjin and went to lay down on the bed.“Which side is mine?” Namjoon asked.“Whichever suits you,” Seokjin replied.“I’ll take the right side then, so that I can sleep on my left arm and still look at you.” Namjoon was painfully aware that they were alone and that nothing could happen between them, not tonight, not ever. He’s Kim Seokjin and he’s just Kim Namjoon.“I’ll like that,” Seokjin said with a shy smile and Namjoon settled on the bed.“You kissed me on the forehead the other night,” Namjoon said all of a sudden.Seokjin laid down next to him after he has turned off the lights. The room was still lit by the moonlight from the window. “Yes, I did.” Seokjin made sure that there was enough distance between the two. His bed was big enough to fit three people.Namjoon just smiled to Seokjin’s answer. He wanted to ask or maybe say more but he knew his smile would be more than enough of an answer.“Where were you plans when you were gonna take a break at the party tonight?” Seokjin asked and Namjoon laughed. Loud, louder than Seokjin has ever heard him.“Oh God, don’t ask me that now,” Namjoon said and laughed again.“Too embarrassed to say it.”“Maybe too flustered to say it,” Namjoon admitted.“I’m looking forward to you doing what you were gonna do,” Seokjin teased and bopped Namjoon’s nose which just made Namjoon smile harder.“Did you just bop my nose?”“Tell me to stop if you don’t like any of it,” Seokjin replied and smiled. Namjoon just rubbed his nose in the softest way Seokjin has ever seen.“Sleep now, I bet you have an early start in the morning, I already have you phone on charging and if anyone important, and by that I only mean Yoongi or Jeongguk, will call I’ll let you know.”“Goodnight, Seokjin.” Namjoon smiled as his eyes started getting heavy with the medicine.“Sleep well, Joonie,” Seokjin whispered and he could see a small smile forming on Namjoon’s lips before he fell asleep. Yoongi reached Hoseok’s place in next half an hour. A sleepy Jimin almost crawled his way into the apartment. Throughout the ride no one spoke a word. Jimin was asleep the whole time and Yoongi and Hoseok just stayed quiet.Once they were inside Hoseok’s apartment Yoongi felt awkward, was he supposed to leave or stick around? He wasn’t sure. He knew for a fact that they both are safe but still he wanted to stay the night to make sure they both truly were. But he couldn’t. Everything with Hoseok, he just couldn’t.“You can get the water from the kitchen, I’ll put Jimin to bed.” These were Hoseok’s first words to Yoongi as soon as they entered.Yoongi just stood by the sofa, waited for Hoseok to be out of the room so he could politely leave.Once Hoseok was out, he closed the bedroom’s door behind him as slowly as possible.“I should get going,” Yoongi said as soon as Hoseok walked towards the sofa.“You always do what you want so why bother informing me?” Hoseok was bitter, he sounded petty and he knew it. He crossed his arms defensively. Yoongi was sure he wanted to leave but this thing was Hoseok just doesn’t feel right, the way Hoseok was looking at him right that second, felt wrong.Yoongi stood right where he was, looked up at Hoseok one more time and just kept his eyes on him.“Say something if you need to because I’m tired Yoongi,” Hoseok said. Yoongi could almost hear his voice tremble.“I’m sorry,” Yoongi said slowly.“For what? Avoiding me? Ignoring me whenever I tried talking to you? Make me feel and look stupid? For never explaining anything and making me think what I could have done wrong? Or for kissing me?” Hoseok asked, he tried his best to keep his voice low because Jimin was asleep.Yoongi couldn’t reply.“If you’re just gonna stand here and not say a word, you might as well just leave like you were gonna,” Hoseok said again, frustration and anger clear in his voice.“I shouldn’t have done that,” Yoongi said and stayed quiet again but this time Hoseok stay quiet as well. Yoongi took another deep breath and spoke again, “I shouldn’t have ignored you like that, that was wrong of me.”“And why did you ignore me all this time?” Hoseok’s voice was softer than before.“I… I just didn’t know how to face you,” Yoongi said and hung his head low, looked down and anywhere but Hoseok.“Did I do anything wrong?” Hoseok’s voice was small, so small that it almost broke Yoongi’s heart. When Yoongi walked out Hoseok’s apartment that night he never thought of how Hoseok would have felt, he never thought that Hoseok would blame himself, his first thoughts were that Hoseok would blame Yoongi and not himself but Yoongi was wrong.Here he was in front of Hoseok who looked so weak but yet so brave, who looked so small but yet so strong. Who looked like the world would walk all over him and he wouldn’t even make a noise.“You didn’t do anything wrong, it was me. I shouldn’t have done it. I shouldn’t have kissed you back. I shouldn’t have let myself get carried away like that,” Yoongi tried to explain.“So, you never planned on kissing me?” Hoseok asked and even thought Yoongi could hear how low his voice sounded he couldn’t look up. Couldn’t look at Hoseok.“I… No, I never did,” Yoongi lied. Lied like it’s his mother tongue. Lied like he has never imagined those lips on his own, lied like he has never imagined his hand on Hoseok’s body, lied like he has never imagine what sounds they’ll made inside four walls.“Why were you at my place that night?” Hoseok asked instead and that caught Yoongi off-guard. He never expected that question.He looked for the first time, look at Hoseok’s face. Hurt painted all over it. Hoseok could fool the whole world with his smile and aura and that was the only thing Yoongi has learned in the short period.“I… for the chicken. To give you that.”“Why?” and Yoongi had no answer for that. ‘I was worried you were alone and I wanted to make you happy,’ wasn’t a suitable answer.“Because Seokjin said you’re alone and misses home,” Yoongi hoped and prayed that Hoseok would just drop it. But Hoseok knew every word out of Yoongi’s mouth was bullshit.“And why did you bother with your company? Why did you bring the chicken? Why did you not leave right after giving me the chicken? Why did you stay over and listen to me talk about nonsense? Why did you let our knees bump and act like it wasn’t a big deal? Why did you not stop me when I leaned in to kiss you? Why did you lean back to kiss me? Why?” Hoseok sounded impatient. Hoseok sounded frustrated and angry. Hoseok sounded like he has lost hope again.Then the door to Hoseok’s door opened. A very sleepy Jimin appeared. “Am I interrupting something?” Jimin said cheekily, unaware of anything that was happening.Hoseok realized that now Yoongi and him only stood a foot apart, he was sure that he was at the end of the sofa before it but now they were close.“No, Mr. Min was just leaving,” Hoseok said bitterly but Yoongi heard the hurt in his voice.Yoongi just nodded to no one in particular. He hid his face low and just turned out to leave. Just turned out and acted like his heart wasn’t heavy. Just left and acted like his vision wasn’t blurry. Acted like his body wasn’t aching. Acted like he was fine. Taehyung stayed silent in the passenger seat. The music was turned off and Jeongguk was quiet. Maybe to give him time to relax himself but how could he when he knew someone would have put a bullet in Jeongguk if the glass wasn’t bulletproof.“Distract me,” Taehyung said after a while.“What?” Jeongguk replied, not sure if he heard him right.“Say something, tell me something, ask me anything, do something, keep me occupied. Act like nothing bad happened tonight, still act like it’s my birthday. Act like everything’s okay.” Taehyung took a deep breath. His hands were shaking. His breath was uneven.“Do you want me address the elephant in the room?” Jeongguk said after a while, his voice as light as it used to be.“What?” Taehyung asked in confusion. Taehyung turned on his seat so he could face Jeongguk without making himself uncomfortable with the seatbelt.“You’re wearing my shirt,” Jeongguk said and smiled.“Oh my God, stop talking,” Taehyung yelled which made Jeongguk laugh. The laugh calmed down Taehyung more. After what happened tonight, he needed a distraction, he needed the laughter, he needed it.“The day I came, the shirt disappeared mysteriously and at first I thought I must have kept it somewhere and I just couldn’t find it but then I see you now,” Jeongguk said and turned to look at Taehyung but Taehyung just pushed his face.“Eyes on the road, Mr. Jeon,” Taehyung yelled again.“Do you wanna explain?” Jeongguk asked in between on his laugh.“I don’t.”“Come on, do you have a habit of stealing clothes? Or what?”“I… it was supposed to be a prank. The first day when I came to your room and saw your shirt unsupervised-”“Oh, you mean it’s my fault and I should have kept my eyes on my shirt and should have supervised it better,” Jeongguk laughed again.“Will you let me finish? Do you even wanna hear it?” Taehyung yelled louder.“Go on, please.”“Anyway, so, at first I took it. I thought I’ll play around with you, take your things and put it back and then take it again but then I forgot out the shirt the next day, I kept it deep in my wardrobe and I just forgot about it. Till after a few weeks and I thought it was too late to carry on the prank.” Taehyung went quiet for a second.“Then I saw it again the day you left for Busan, I was angry at you, I wanted to burn the goddamn shirt in your own room. I picked it up again and I thought I’ll just put it back but then, oh god, it’s gonna sound so weird. I don’t know, okay, I smelled it and it smelled just like you and I… I guess I missed you more than I was angry at you. You wouldn’t talk to me, you wouldn’t listen to me, you believed whatever you wanted to and you wouldn’t let me explain. Then I just wore it, just to see, I guess, I don’t know. It felt, it’s sounding so weird, but it felt safe, I don’t know. So, I just kept it. And I was nothing having the best of the days so I took it out again to wear it tonight after Una and you left the room. It helps me sleep at times, now, no more questions and we have never talking about it. Oh my God.” Taehyung started rubbing his face furiously. His cheeks were warm, hot. His neck was warm and so was his body. He could feel his heart beat in his ear.“I’m sorry,” was all what Jeongguk said.“What?”“I should have acted better, I… I shouldn’t have acted the way I did, it was impulsive and stupid,” Jeongguk said in a low voice.“Yes, it was impulsive and stupid,” Taehyung yelled and Jeongguk laughed. They reached Jeongguk’s place soon and when they got out of the car Taehyung realized that it was sort of a unit they were in.“What is this place?” Taehyung asked.“It’s where we all live, everyone here is a bodyguard, this is like where the company’s guesthouses and residence are.”“What? Wow, this is huge,” Taehyung said as they made their way towards the main door. When Jeongguk opened the door, Taehyung entered like it was his own house.“The place is big, wow,” Taehyung said.“Yoongi and I share it sometimes, whenever one of us have time,” Jeongguk replied.“You should just get some sleep right now, tomorrow is gonna be a long day,” Jeongguk said before Taehyung could speak again.They went to Jeongguk’s room, “Promise to give me a tour of the house tomorrow?” Taehyung said and Jeongguk gave him a nod.If Taehyung could describe Jeongguk’s room in one word, it would be, dry. There was absolutely nothing in the room except for a table and laptop and a desktop. Nothing else if you exclude the bed.The walls were empty, the floor was empty, the whole room looked and felt huge.“No comments on my room please, I can see it on your face that you are gonna say something but save it for tomorrow,” Jeongguk said as he made the bed.Once he was done, he looked over at Taehyung. When Jeongguk took Taehyung out of his room, he was only in Jeongguk’s shirt, it was an oversized shirt which meant it came at around Taehyung’s thighs. He wore nothing underneath it. Taehyung was a walking distraction for Jeongguk and Jeongguk did everything in his power to look at anywhere but at Taehyung or near Taehyung.“Are you making the bed for us?” Taehyung asked cheerfully.“For you, I’ll be sleeping outside.”“What? Why? No.”“I can’t sleep in here with you,” Jeongguk said.“Why?”“Because it’s not right,” Jeongguk said.“Who said that? I’m scared and I can’t sleep alone, you have to sleep with me,” Taehyung almost pleaded.Being this close to Taehyung was already hard on Jeongguk, sharing a bed with him, being that close would just make Jeongguk go crazy.“Okay,” Jeongguk said it for Taehyung and Taehyung jumped on the bed. He already laid down even before Jeongguk could grab another pillow.Jeongguk went to change and when he came back Taehyung was right as Jeongguk left him.“Don’t you wanna sleep towards the wall? You’ll feel safer that way,” Jeongguk said.“No, you take the wall side, I wanna sleep facing the door. It’ll make me feel safer.” Taehyung looked over at Jeongguk and Jeongguk nodded. He went towards the place he was supposed to lay in and after a few adjustments laid down.The room was dark now, little to no light in the room.“Cuddle me,” Taehyung’s voice echoed in the room.“What?”“Cuddle me, if you’re comfortable, I feel safe when I’m hugged or cuddled. Skinship makes me feel loved,” Taehyung said innocently. “Otherwise, we can change the position and you can take my place and I’ll go to the wall’s side.”Taehyung’s back was towards Jeongguk and he thought that is how they would sleep for the rest of the time. Jeongguk hesitated for a few seconds, then really slowly he wrapped his arm around Taehyung’s waist.“Sorry, I’m ticklish,” Taehyung giggled and adjusted himself.“Jeongguk, can I ask you a favour?” Taehyung asked.“Hmm.”“Can you act like we’re lovers tonight?” Taehyung said softly.“What?” Jeongguk was surprised. He never expected this, wasn’t sure what even was happening.“We don’t have to kiss, not have to do anything that would make you uncomfortable. Just stay like this, but like you’re in love with me and I’m in love with you. We don’t have to say I love yous but I wanna believe for the night that I can if I want to and that you’ll say it back because that’s what we are,” Taehyung said and took another breath, “But of course, you don’t have to do it, if you don’t want to. I’ll not even ask for an explanation. I know-”Taehyung was cut off because Jeongguk pulled Taehyung towards him, this made him speechless. Taehyung’s back was pressed on Jeongguk’s chest and their legs almost intertwined. In silence, Taehyung wrapped his arm around the Jeongguk’s arm which held Taehyung’s waist. Jeongguk’s face was very close to Taehyung’s neck and he could feel Jeongguk’s breaths on his skin.“I want you to listen, Jeongguk,” Taehyung said. Maybe he kept a lot of things in, maybe he was being stupid and irrational and he should just shut up but maybe he just wanted to be heard.“I’m gonna tell you things that you’ll listen and not react to, that you’ll listen and not give me advice on, that you’ll listen and not try to find good things in it because there are none.”Jeongguk stayed quiet. Just pressed Taehyung closer to his body, both of their heartbeats were fast and maybe that was the reason why both of them were clueless about it.“Hyu is cheating on me. Una knew about it but she never said a word. She supported Hyu in all of it. I was suspicious from the starting but I never fully knew, I always used to think that I was being stupid but I thought I’ll just see where it leads me,” Taehyung started.“The only reason I called Una in today was to see how she’ll react and she reacted the way anyone would and then when I told her that if she would look up Hyu’s name with the person he’s cheating on me with, then she’ll find the reports. I threw the juice on her on purpose so that she would leave her phone and I could check who she looked up. She is dumb like that, impulsive like that. She thinks no one else uses their brain except for hers. When she rushed towards the bathroom I took her phone, I’ve known her passcode for ages now, we both used to have the same passcodes but then I changed mine and she never noticed.” Taehyung took a breath. He wanted all of it out.“She looked up Hyu’s name with hers. I knew Hyu was cheating and I knew Una knows but I never knew that they both are doing it behind my back. That I am the stupid one among us, the clueless one. Then a message from Hyu popped up on her phone and it just read ‘I love you, he’ll never know’, then she came back. She used to call herself my long lost sister, she used to call herself the love of my life. She and I used to be inseparable but she was just using me.” Taehyung laughed, it wasn’t a happy one but a bitter one.“You know, what’s funny? That none of it is even real, Hyu and I are not even dating. We’re faking for the world. For everyone, for everything. I don’t even like Hyu.” Taehyung stopped and closed his eyes.“It started last year, my dad asked me about my thoughts on marriage and I said I was too young to even think about it and that I wasn’t in love with anyone. He asked me what I thought of Una, her dad and my dad works in the same field and his plan was to merge the businesses together with our marriage. I said Una is my best friend but I wouldn’t wanna marry her. He said, he would give me a week, if I could give him a good enough reason other than the fact that I don’t wanna marry una, then I’ll have to marry her. So, Una, Hyu and I were talking and we came up with a plan. That I would tell my dad that I’m dating Hyu and that I can’t marry Una because I would wanna settle down with Hyu in the future.” Taehyung laughed again.“We were so stupid, all of us. I told dad and turned out Hyu’s dad’s business is bigger than Una’s dad and that Hyu and I together I better for business that Una and I. My dad agreed. He was happy and wanted to fix a date. I told him we’ve just started dating and none of us wants marriage right now. He said he’ll be ready whenever we are. Hyu and I faked it for over a year. In few months he started telling me that he’s in love with me, that he truly wanted me but then he would go and hook up with other people. He would come back and tell me how much he was in love with me and the next day he would be kissing someone in a shady bar.” Taehyung hated this drama. He hated it. He hated living live this.“I told him we should break up but Una convinced me that we shouldn’t, that we should play it along till I find someone, till I have a reason to be out. I hate it, even when I know we aren’t dating and that Hyu and I aren’t real, I still couldn’t see myself with someone else, the guilt would eat me. Once I kissed someone and I couldn’t sleep for a week because I felt like I’ve cheated on him for real. Every time he would go hook up with someone, my heart hurt because even if we were in a fake relationship, I just wanted the love and affection. Maybe I would have actually fallen for Hyu, just like in all those fake-pretend novels and movies, where they fake date and then actually fall in love, maybe I wanted that. Maybe, I was so helpless I thought no one would ever love me and I just-”Taehyung couldn’t continue anymore, he felt vulnerable, he felt week, he felt stupid. But when Jeongguk pulled him closer again and Jeongguk’s lips brushed on his hair, it felt right. It felt like this was right where Taehyung belonged. With Jeongguk. In Jeongguk’s bed. In Jeongguk’s arm.“I don’t know where I was going with this, but I just wanted you to know one thing and yeah, maybe I am just saying it with the flow of the motion and I just want to let you know. But I can bet my life on it that I’ll not regret it ever. Yes, I’ll be embarrassed and I might try to avoid you but no, never regret.” Taehyung laughed and this time it was a happy laugh and Jeongguk let out a small laugh himself.“Jeongguk, when I first saw you, I thought you would wanna control my life. I wanted to hate you, I wanted you to leave as soon as you’ve entered, without a warning. But then you laughed and it was stupid and I wanted to hate it but I couldn’t and then everything just went down so fast, like-” Taehyung stopped himself again.“Long story short, I guess what I’m trying to say is, because of you, I’m glad I’m not in love with Hyu or anyone else. I’m glad I never had or have feeling for Hyu or anyone else. I don’t know what will happen tomorrow or the day after, I just know that as long as I see you and Yoongi and Namjoon around, I’ll live. I’ll be happy. I’ll be truly happy. You three have, in such a short period of time, impacted me and my friends, which is so rare.”Taehyung thought would should be the end of it. He just wanted it to be tomorrow already so that he could say whatever was said was in the past but it was all happening right then.“I don’t want you to say anything tonight, Jeongguk. Just don’t speak at all. Just wish me goodnight or whatever. Talk tomorrow, if you have to. But not now. Just sleep for tonight. Just be with me for tonight. Good night, Jeongguk,” Taehyung said and closed his eyes again. His heart was wild, his breathing uneven, his body way too warm and he tried his best to calm himself down.“Good night, Taehyung,” Jeongguk said softly, with the way Jeongguk spoke, Taehyung could sense a smile but he wouldn’t get carried away. Then Jeongguk planed a small kiss on Taehyung’s head, more on the hair than on the actual skin but all of it just made Taehyung smile. Way too hard and way too bright than he would want to admit. He released Jeongguk’s hand which he was holding and just hid with face with both of hands as if Jeongguk could see him. He blushed hard but smiled harder.They have a lot of things they need to figure out but maybe all of it would be okay, maybe all of them would be safe. And just Maybe, they would be happy in all of it as well.Taehyung fell asleep with Jeongguk’s arm around him, his back pressed his chest and both of their breathing slow and deep. Jeongguk feel asleep, right how he wanted to be, with Taehyung.



Chapter End Notes
I finally pulled through, please love me. I tried my best.But honestly, thank you so so so much for waiting and I know I take a while to update but i'm just really sorry.I hope you enjoy it. the lack of Yoonseok in this chapter truly made me sad but there's so much to come for them.Let me know what you think of the chapter and let me know what you think of the story in general. I'll appreciate it. Thank you so much for reading.


Chapter 6
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I’m so moved,” Namjoon said.“What? Cows moo-ved?” Seokjin made a Seokjin joke as he kept chopping the omelet.It was too early for Namjoon to process Seokjin’s joke. He got up literally a minute ago, and when he saw the empty bed, he went in search for the boy, found him in the kitchen at dawn making breakfast.“Won’t you smile at me, Namjoon?” Seokjin said dryly, Namjoon has always laughed at Seokjin’s ever joke and Seokjin expected no less at early dawn as well.“Ah ha ha,” Namjoon gave a laugh, he genuinely was pleased but tiredness and medicines were still working strong on him.“I’ve been doing this for an hour,” Seokjin continued.“Ha ha ha ha,” Namjoon gave out a louder laugh, every word crystal clear.“Why are you up? You should have stayed in bed,” Seokjin said, he himself couldn’t sleep, last night haunted him, he was still worried about Taehyung and Namjoon’s condition. Even though the cut wasn’t deep and he knew Namjoon was alright, he still couldn’t stop the worry.“You weren’t there,” Namjoon said. There were no filters this early in the morning. Namjoon couldn’t even shut up.“Missed me?” Seokjin teased.“Why are you up so early?” Namjoon asked instead.“I wanted to make you breakfast, and I wanted to offer it you in bed but you’re out in the open now,” Seokjin said and started putting out the food in a bowl and a plate.“We can go back in together?” Namjoon questioned and Seokjin gave him a smile.Soon in bed, they both ate silently, Seokjin knew better to talk right then, the way Namjoon ate it looked like he hadn’t had dinner last night. Which made Seokjin worry more, he was so preoccupied with everything he must have forgotten to ask Namjoon for dinner. Namjoon was on duty last night and the chances of him having a break long enough to have dinner was low.“You want more?” Seokjin asked once Namjoon finished.“I shouldn’t,” Namjoon replied but Seokjin already was putting more food in his plate.Once they were fully done, they sat down on the bed again. This time no one broke the silence. There wasn’t much to be said, Seokjin knew Namjoon had to leave and there was nothing that he could say that would stop him.As if on cue, Namjoon’s phone buzzed.“It’s a message from Yoongi, he’s asking when I’ll get there,” Namjoon said and Seokjin gave him a nod. No one bothered to move again. It was hardly nine in the morning and both of them knew that the day was going to be long.“When do you have to leave?” Seokjin asked and looked at Namjoon. They were sitting face to face, as much as it seemed awkward, it wasn’t.“As soon as you’ll let me,” Namjoon tried his luck with humor and Seokjin laughed.“Then I guess you’ll staying over tonight as well,” Seokjin replied.“Is that an offer?” Namjoon asked with one of his eyebrows raised.“To get into my pants? No,” Seokjin replied and Namjoon choked on air. Seokjin laughed and got up to get a glass of water for Namjoon and when he handed it to him, he said, “Why do you ask such open questions when you can’t take the answers?”“I never expect you to go down that line,” Namjoon replied as he took a sip.“What do you expect me to go down on?” Seokjin asked with a smirk and Namjoon choked on his water. Seokjin laughed with his head thrown back and patted Namjoon’s back for him to cough it all out.“You saw that coming, you had that coming,” Seokjin laughed loudly.“I shouldn’t open my mouth at all, I always think before speaking but I never… you know what, never mind.” Namjoon stood up and started gathering his things.“Is Yoongi gonna pick you up?” Seokjin sat back down on his bed and watched as Namjoon arranged himself.“Nah, I’ll probably drive,” Namjoon replied.“With that hand? No, you’ll not. Tell that grumpy old man to come pick you up.”“You’re older than him and you know that, right?” Namjoon turned back to look at Seokjin.“Are you calling me old?” Seokjin crossed his arms over his chest.“I… You… I… you called Yoongi old,” Namjoon stuttered hard.“Wow, so, you’re calling me old. I see how this is. I give you food, shelter, protect and sleep and this is how you treat me?” Seokjin said in an over dramatic voice which only made Namjoon smile harder.“I’m truly so grateful for that. And there’s nothing wrong with being old, someone’s gotta do it. In a group of people, someone has to be,” Namjoon said.“So, you’re saying you’re into older men?” Seokjin teased but it was a question even he wanted an answer to.“When did I say that?” Namjoon’s eyes went big and his jaw dropped. Seokjin was truly unbelievable.“So, you’re not into older men?” Seokjin visibly looked a little sad at that comment but before Namjoon could reply his phone rang.Namjoon looked back at Seokjin but picked up the call.“Yoongi, I’ll be there in about an hour or so.”“Do you want me to pick you up?” Yoongi asked and Namjoon looked at Seokjin again.“I’ll get there, you don’t have-” “You give me the phone, Kim Namjoon.” Seokjin yelled at Namjoon and Namjoon handed him the phone.“Yes Yoongi, you come pick him up,” Seokjin said and he could hear Yoongi’s laugh.“Yes sir, anything else that needs to be done?” Yoongi teased.“Just have breakfast before you leave, I’ll send lunch because I can bet my life that Jeongguk can’t cook and I know for a fact that Taehyung can’t.”“Will do,” Yoongi replied.“How’s Hoseok and Jimin? I haven’t spoken to them yet,” Seokjin asked and Yoongi went silent for a second too long.“I don’t think they need me, they’re fine.”They hung up soon after.Namjoon soon came out of the washroom. His pants rode low on his waist and his shirt was unbuttoned. Seokjin couldn’t see much expect for the little skin between the buttons and in Seokjin’s defense, Namjoon’s shirt was open.“I took a quick shower when you were on the phone with Yoongi,” Namjoon said. His hair was still dry, must have been hard for him to use right hand.Seokjin couldn’t say much, just gave him a nod and acted busy. From the corner of his eye he noticed that Namjoon was struggling. He could hardly make his right hand move and every time he did, he winced in pain as well.“Let me do it,” Seokjin said and replaced Namjoon’s hand with his own on the buttons. Seokjin didn’t know where to look. If he looked Namjoon in the eye, it would be too intimate, they stood close. If he looked at Namjoon’s chest, that would be too much for Seokjin. So, he decided to look at his hands instead as he did the buttons.Seokjin for a second thought he should run his hands over Namjoon’s chest but then he stopped himself, that would be too much. Sure, they’ve flirted but Namjoon wouldn’t be okay with it, right? Then Seokjin looked up and realized that Namjoon’s eyes were already on him. Seokjin held his gaze for a second before it became too much.“Why are you looking at me?” Seokjin said shyly. His voice almost a whisper. He was done with the buttons and then he took a step back.“You’re beautiful, Seokjin,” Namjoon said in a breath.This time, Seokjin had no comeback. Nothing he could say, nothing came to his mind. He looked at Namjoon, for a second, he thought that it was a joke and that Namjoon would laugh now but he never did. Seokjin looked down, a blush rose up from his neck to his cheeks. He could feel it. His ears went red and he knew it.The silence grew and no one said a word. Namjoon thought he made a mistake, “I’m sorry, I’m really sorry.” Seokjin looked up at him in confusion.“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” Namjoon said and took an involuntary step back.“What? No, no no no,” Seokjin said, his voice still low and soft.“You didn’t, no, you didn’t. It’s just, I… I didn’t expect you to say that.”“Oh, okay okay,” Namjoon said softly. He sat back on the edge of the bed. There was clearly an awkward tension between them now.“You know we’ve met before,” Seokjin broke the silence.“What? We have?” Namjoon looked up at him and Seokjin took a step towards him.“Yeah, you once came to this restaurant I was interning at. I think you had a meeting. Like, I saw you when you entered, from the kitchen. We have this stupid bet, where we used to make bets on who’ll order what. We were pretty good at guessing what kind of people we’ve.”Namjoon just smiled at him in confusion.“Anyway, that’s not the point, so you were with five more people and even thought the others didn’t pay attention to the waiter, which is so rude, it cost people nothing to be nice, you were really nice to him. He came back and praised you, said you talked nicely and even said hello, which is very rare. So, I was like I wanna go out and see how nice you’re myself.”Namjoon tried thinking of where that could have been, he doesn’t remember. He had always spoken to everyone in that manner so nothing in particular stood out for him.“Well, so I decided I’ll drop by once you guys are almost done with food to ask you if you need anything else but I guess the meeting went sour, I came and talked but you wouldn’t even look at me. You still replied nicely, were very warm with your words but you wouldn’t look up and I… I thought it was just my bad day. So, yeah, we’ve met before.”“I’m so sorry, I don’t remember,” Namjoon said and hung his head low.“It’s okay, it wasn’t like we both were trying or anything, I just saw you there and then when I saw you here, I was surprised.”Namjoon kept his head down. There was something clearly on his mind and Seokjin wasn’t sure what else to say.“Please, tell me if I ever cross a line,” Namjoon said instead. He still wouldn’t look up. Seokjin took another step towards him. “I would never want things to go weird or awkward between us,” Namjoon added.Seokjin smiled but Namjoon couldn’t see it, he took another step forward and stood between Namjoon’s legs. Seokjin placed his hands lightly on Namjoon’s head and ruffled his hair. He leaned down to kiss his hair. Then Seokjin moved his hands to Namjoon’s face and squeezed his cheeks.“Two weirdos can’t make things weird between them. You pray that you never cross a line and I pray that there’s never a line,” Seokjin said and bopped his nose. He moved back and the look of surprise rested on Namjoon’s face.“I… I can… I never know what you’ll say,” Namjoon said.“It’ll take time but you’ll learn,” Seokjin smiled.“I guess I’ll just have to spend more time with you to learn it,” Namjoon teased and stood up.“Now you’re learning,” Seokjin laughed. Yoongi called within seconds and told them he was right outside, that he had something important he wanted to discuss with Namjoon before they visit Jeongguk.“I’ll get your coat, you take care of your hand,” Seokjin said as he noticed Namjoon reaching for his coat. Seokjin made Namjoon wear the coat very slowly, patiently and it just made Namjoon smile.“What? Why are you smiling like that?” Seokjin asked.“I shouldn’t say it, it’ll sound so weird,” Namjoon said shyly.“Say it, I wanna hear it.”“All of it feels so domestic, like, you’re taking care of me because I’m injured and you made me breakfast and now, you’re helping me dress up,” Namjoon replied and he feel a brush forming.“You can make me breakfast someday then,” Seokjin said.“I’ll probably burn the whole kitchen down,” Namjoon replied.“I’ll assist you.” Seokjin made Namjoon feel a lot of things he has never felt before, he was always busy with work and responsibilities. With Seokjin, it felt like there was more to life than the money he earned or the office hours, with Seokjin, it felt like weekends are truly not meant for work and weekends are meant for people to stay in their pajamas, to cook with each other, to feed each other, to live and to laugh. And those were some things he has never experienced before.“I should get going,” Namjoon said. He could feel Yoongi’s anger from the car outside.“I’ll walk you out,” Seokjin said and took a coat for himself as well.“You’ll catch a cold, you don’t have to,” Namjoon said as they both walked out of Seokjin’s room.“I’m not as sensitive as you’re, I’ll be fine,” Seokjin said and wrapped his hands tightly around his coated body.“But you’ve never tested my sensitivity,” Namjoon said and pressed his lips. He tried, he could never be at Seokjin’s level but he tried. The expression Seokjin gave afterwards was worth it though. Seokjin’s jaw dropped, his eyes wide, he looked at Namjoon just such astonished expression. He opened and closed his mouth without uttering a word. That just made Namjoon laugh.“Wow, Kim Namjoon, wow, now I see how you feel,” Seokjin said and shook his head. He was truly taken by surprise. Seokjin was about to open the front door when Namjoon stop him.“I… I think… I can go from here. Thank you for today, and last night, even though I was medicated I still had a great time, thank you again,” Namjoon blurred it all out in one go and then leaned forward to plant a small kiss on Seokjin’s cheeks. Namjoon, in the rush of the moment, opened the front door and stepped outside. Seokjin stood by the door, baffled.“Wait, no, wait,” Seokjin yelled from the door before Yoongi could start driving. Seokjin kept his eyes straight on Yoongi.“Have lunch on time, don’t get too occupied with work, Taehyung and you guys need to eat,” Seokjin said, he still wouldn’t look at Namjoon.“Also, take care of him,” Seokjin said and moved his face towards Namjoon without looking at him, Yoongi turned towards Namjoon in confusion but looked back at Seokjin. “He injured himself, his right arm is hurt, he can’t move it much-”“I’m fine, honestly,” Namjoon interrupted but Seokjin kept talking, “So make sure he isn’t doing a lot with his hand, his arm should be okay in a few days but still if it hurts a lot, take him to the hospital.”Yoongi gave him a nod on that, made a mental note to ask Namjoon later. Seokjin stepped back and watched as the car hit the rood. Taehyung woke up to an empty bed. He twisted and turned but he couldn’t get anymore sleep. It wasn’t too late or too early, it was ten in the morning.“Jeongguk… Jeongguk,” Taehyung yelled from the bed. He turned to face the door so he could see Jeongguk walk in.“Jeon Jeongguk, get your ass here,” Taehyung yelled again and then he heard the footsteps. Taehyung giggled, Jeongguk was actually running.“Is everything okay?” Jeongguk said in a panicked voice as soon as he entered the room. He kneeled down in front of the bed to get a better view of Taehyung.“No,” Taehyung pouted. Jeongguk placed his hand on Taehyung’s head to check his temperature.“Are you feverish? Are you not feeling well? Do you want me to call a doctor?” Jeongguk asked worriedly.“Hmmm,” Taehyung whined. “Check here,” Taehyung said and pulled Jeongguk’s hand down to his neck, Jeongguk pressed lightly to check the pulse, then turned his hand over to check to temperature again. He was still confused, Taehyung felt normal, his body temperature felt fine for someone who has just woken up.“Maybe here,” Taehyung said and slid Jeongguk’s hand down his shirt and that’s when it hit Jeongguk.“You asshole, I honestly thought you weren’t well,” Jeongguk almost screamed over the smile on his face, he buried his head in the bed and pulled back his hand from Taehyung’s grip. Taehyung just laughed loudly, rolled around the bed and kept laughing. Jeongguk really looked concerned and as much pleasure as it gave Taehyung, he couldn’t stop laughing at how betrayed Jeongguk looked when he found out that Taehyung was just playing.Jeongguk stood up and started walking out. “Wait, no, where are you going?” Taehyung yelled from the bed. “Come back, Jack, come back,” Taehyung enacted the scene from Titanic, his voice almost choky and his words a murmur.Jeongguk wouldn’t look back, he just smiled and went to the kitchen where Taehyung joined him soon after.“Oh, we’re having toasts?” Taehyung said when he saw the bread and butter spread out in the kitchen.“I don’t know what else to make, so, that’s what we’re having,” Jeongguk replied and then he looked back at Taehyung. Jeongguk was in his tracksuit pajamas, and a plain white t-shirt, whereas Taehyung was still in Jeongguk’s shirt and Jeongguk prayed for a boxer underneath that shirt.“Go change, you’ll catch a cold,” Jeongguk said much for himself and less for Taehyung.“I’m fine, your house is a little hot anyway,” Taehyung said and looked back at Jeongguk and that was when he realized that the boy was distracted. Taehyung smirked as he took a step in Jeongguk’s direction.“Are my legs bothering you?” Taehyung said when he caught Jeongguk’s eyes on them.“What? No, no no, but you should probably change, it’s not good for your health,” Jeongguk said in a very small voice. Taehyung smirked again and went to stand next to Jeongguk, who moved the second Taehyung appeared. Jeongguk went to the refrigerator and started rearranging the things in hopes of making him look like he was doing something.“But you’re totally fine with it, right? You’re just concerned about my health?” Taehyung teased.“Yes,” Jeongguk said sharply. Jeongguk stopped moving when he felt Taehyung behind him, then he made a mistake, closed the refrigerator and turned around. They both stood face to face, Taehyung look a step to make sure they were just inches part.“So, I’m not a distraction to you?” Taehyung said in a low heavy voice. Jeongguk froze, he made a fist with his hand in order to control himself. Taehyung was breathtaking.“Answer me,” Taehyung demanded with a smirk. Jeongguk swallowed. “No,” Jeongguk whispered.“Me in your clothes is not a turn on for you?” Taehyung asked again and this time Jeongguk’s eyes turned big, mouth a little open. He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.“Don’t make me repeat myself,” Taehyung’s voice was commanding and it did something to Jeongguk. “No,” Jeongguk answered.“Your pupils blown has nothing to do with me?” Taehyung said and took another step so their chests were flushed together. Jeongguk couldn’t move. He has never seen this side of Taehyung before. This commanding side, he looked like the person who would take what he wants and knows all the ways to do so. But fun fact was that Jeongguk would give everything to Taehyung in a heartbeat, all he had to do was say the words.Then Jeongguk’s cellphone rang, it startled the both of them, made Taehyung jump in spot. Jeongguk thanked all the higher powers as he reached for the phone.“I swear to God, if it’s Yoongi or Namjoon, I would- I… it’s always your friends’ cock-blocking us,” Taehyung said as he rushed towards the phone as well.It was Namjoon.“Namjoon, hi,” Jeongguk said excitedly and then cleared his throat. His voice was still a little shaky. Moments like those, Jeongguk just under Taehyung, Jeongguk with his puppy eyes, Jeongguk as soft as ever, it hits Taehyung that Jeongguk is younger than him. That no matter what position they’re stuck in, Taehyung is older than him. Moment like those reflects on Jeongguk’s true innocence and are the times when Jeongguk wasn’t trying to empower everyone in the room. Moment like those it makes Taehyung just want to hold Jeongguk and cuddle him to sleep.“We’re on our way, is Taehyung okay?” Namjoon asked.“Taehyung? Yeah, yeah he’s fine,” Jeongguk said and looked at Taehyung who was munching on his toast as if nothing happened.“Fine? I’m hella fine,” Taehyung yelled over with a full mouth, “You tell him, my boy.”Jeongguk started laughing. “He’s good, when are you reaching?” Jeongguk asked.“Next ten minutes or so, we’re evening bringing lunch so you don’t have to worry about anything else. And there’s a lot to discuss.” They talked a few more minutes and then Jeongguk realized something.“Namjoon, are you bringing some of Taehyung’s clothes?” Jeongguk asked and Taehyung practically chocked on his toast, he coughed and laughed and then rolled his eyes as he went to Jeongguk’s bedroom.“Oh, I completely forgot, I should have. He can wear something of yours for the time being.” As if that wasn’t the problem, Jeongguk thought.They soon hung up and Taehyung dared not to enter his own bedroom. He roamed around the house, arranging few things and cleaning up the kitchen. Soon, Yoongi and Namjoon arrived.Taehyung came out of the room wearing a very loose black t-shirt of Jeongguk’s and a black and red ironman pajama. Jeongguk cursed internally.“I’ll keep all the food in the fridge, let me know when you guys need it, we’ll eat it again,” Namjoon said, very unaware of the tension between Taehyung and Jeongguk.“Let’s just sit down for business, I don’t have a lot of time,” Yoongi said and they all got into the living room. Jeongguk’s house wasn’t big, it wasn’t his own, just something the company has given him.“Taehyung, I think you should sit in the room till we talk it all out,” Yoongi said.“What? No, I wanna be here, I wanna know what’s going on,” Taehyung replied defensively.“I don’t know how much you need to know, we’ll discuss and we’ll let you know all the details that you need to know about,” Namjoon said.“I’m not moving, you talk in front of me. It’s all happening to me and I need to know everything you guys know and maybe I can help you out as well.”They all sat in silence for a second but then decided to just continue with Taehyung.“I surveyed all the CCTV footage but except for that one person walking up towards the terrace, there’s nothing else. What’s concerning is that the person knew of all the blind spots, he knew where the cameras are. And he wore a mask for majority of the time? Whose idea were the masks?” Yoongi was furious.“Jimin’s,” Taehyung said with his head hung low.“And how gave him permission?” Yoongi asked Taehyung and Taehyung kept quiet.“This is the mess we wanted to avoid, you guys wanna do everything your way and you guys don’t pay any attention to us. Namjoon strictly told you guys to stick to what has been approved and yet there were ten more people on the venue, things were added without permission. Namjoon had to constantly ask for the names of the people from the party and yet we only received that list this morning. I don’t know how to make you more serious about all of it? Your life is at stake,” Yoongi tried his best not to yell but his pitch was already high.Jeongguk noticed the uneasiness in Taehyung and he chose to speak for him, “Yoongi, calm down and don’t yell at Taehyung.”“Jeongguk, you should-” Before Yoongi could complete Taehyung spoke up, “You’re right. I’m sorry. On behalf of Jimin, Hoseok and Seokjin.” Taehyung’s face was still hung low and the posture made Yoongi feel guilty for just a second, but he knew this was needed. That they need to understand just how serious everything was.“I guess, we just never understood how serious everything was. The truth is, my dad never spoke to me about any of it. I never felt threatened because I was never in direct contact. You guys refused to tell us anything expect for that some pictures were involved and someone has been in my house, which in itself is scary but none of it felt that realistic. Yes, me having you people supervise my every move was a bit overwhelming and just for my birthday, we all wanted to feel free and all of it backfired. I’m really sorry. We should have been more careful,” Taehyung apologized.Namjoon cleared his throat to ease the tension. “What’s done has been done, we can only focus on what’s need to be done now. If it’s fine with you, I would wanna call Jimin and Hoseok here as well. We can talk about some people from the party and we can see what we have from all our background checks.” Taehyung nodded at that suggestion.Yoongi still looked a bit irritated and on the edge, he also looked like he had little to no sleep last night. Namjoon offered him water but instead he went to get himself some coffee.“They’ll be here in about half an hour,” Taehyung announced.“Okay, now, I want you to be really honest with me,” Namjoon turned towards Taehyung.“You have to tell us everything, any scandal you have had, anyone you doubt could be behind this. People you’ve dated, slept with, even if they’re just one night stands, any friend with benefits. Anyone who’s after you, for money or sex or both. Anyone you’ve rejected and who hasn’t taken it all well. Anyone suspicious,” Namjoon said.They all turned to look at Taehyung, Taehyung just once turned towards Jeongguk before he started speaking, “I haven’t dated a lot of people but all my exes are now living overseas and we all broke up on mutual-good terms. I haven’t spoken to them in years. So, it can’t be them. There have been few of my clients who have asked me out but I’ve told them I don’t date my clients instead of bluntly rejecting them and they all have taken it well. None of the people I hang out with have had any kind of romantic interest in me. I can’t tell if people are after my money because no one has bluntly asked me for money yet. I always choose to offer, some deny and some take it.”“Tell me a little bit more on Jimin,” Yoongi offered and Jeongguk went on alert.“What? Jimin? Our Park Jimin? Don’t tell me you’re suspecting him,” Taehyung gave out a dry laugh.“Just tell me about him,” Yoongi said again and Jeongguk shook his head.“I’ve known him for ages, he’s my best friend. We call each other soulmates, he would never ever do anything to hurt me. He and I have the same group of people we hang out with. There’s no way in hell he’s involved,” Taehyung got defensive.“Taehyung, please, don’t get upset,” Jeongguk said softly.“Don’t get upset? How would you feel if I told you I suspect that Yoongi is after your life and has ill intentions for you?” Taehyung asked angrily.“Then he would hear your explanation out, hear what you have to say and why you suspect so,” Yoongi answered instead.“Oh, is that it? So, you tell me why this question was raised? Why are you suspicious of Jimin?” Taehyung asked. His throat was a bit dry now. He was angry.“You wanna tell him?” Yoongi asked Jeongguk.“I don’t think we should bring it up now, we can wait till we find something else,” Jeongguk said.“I’ll say it then,” Yoongi said and turned towards Taehyung. “Jeongguk saw Jimin in your room late at night, clicking a picture of you while you were sleeping. Just before your birthday.”“You mean a few days back?” Taehyung asked and Yoongi nodded. That made Taehyung laugh.“There’s a huge misunderstanding,” Taehyung laughed again. “Oh my God, you guys got worried over that.”Yoongi just looked over at Namjoon and Jeongguk, who looked equally confused.“It’s crazy, it’s this stupid birthday tradition kind of a thingie. Like, it’s been happening for five years now. Jimin always clicks a picture of me when I’m sleeping and he makes this huge birthday card of it, he once made a poster and posted it all over my house. He clicks pictures all day long just to post them on my birthday,” Taehyung said and laugh. Yoongi still had a straight face.“So, that settles it?” Namjoon said with uncertainty.“I guess so,” Jeongguk replied.“Anything else you wanna know, Yoongi? Because I feel like this whole thing has been a huge misunderstanding,” Taehyung said and smiled.Yoongi just shook his head. They all chatted for a few seconds before Seokjin, Jimin arrived with Hoseok. The house felt full again, wild and loud.“Tae, I got you some new clothes,” Jimin yelled as he rushed to give Taehyung a hug and Jeongguk thanked all his stars. Taehyung turned towards Jeongguk and pouted at him, Jeongguk stuck out his tongue in hopes of no one noticing.“Did you guys have lunch?” Seokjin asked. He still couldn’t look at Namjoon even though he told himself multiple times that he himself has kissed Namjoon’s forehead a few times.“We were about to,” Jeongguk said guiltily.“I’ll get it for your guys, you guys are useless,” Seokjin said and started making his way towards the kitchen, “Hoseok, come help me out,” he added.“I’ll do it, you can rest,” Yoongi stood up abruptly. “Jeongguk come with me.”They both made their way towards the kitchen and Seokjin went back to the boys. Hoseok was awfully quiet, Yoongi noticed.“What’s on your mind?” Jeongguk asked as soon as they were alone. Yoongi started getting the plates and bowls whereas Jeongguk started heating the food.“Something doesn’t add up,” Yoongi said.“About what?”“Jimin,” Yoongi said. “You know how Taehyung said that Jimin always takes random pictures of whenever he’s sleeping, that part was fine. What’s weird is that I got into Jimin’s phone,” Yoongi mentioned.“You hacked his phone?” Jeongguk asked in a low whisper.“I didn’t hack it, I did my job. I was up all night just doing some research and when I couldn’t find anything on the surveillance, I looked into his phone because of what you told me. His messages aren’t suspicious, same group of people Taehyung mentioned. And I didn’t read much because that felt wrong but I noticed something.”Jeongguk looked back at the group just to make sure no one was paying attention.“To make my work easy, Jimin actually has a folder named ‘Sleeping Taehyung’ in his phone. The pictures that were sent to Mr. Kim are the same picture on Jimin’s phone. Jimin has about eighteen pictures and out of those, till date, Mr. Kim has received five picture and all of those pictures are present in Jimin’s phone,” Yoongi explained.Jeongguk wasn’t sure if he heard him right. It made no sense.“Another weird thing,” Yoongi wasn’t finished. “The pictures sent to Mr. Kim are in random order. They’re not sent chronologically. The first one he received was taken three months back and the second one he received was taken two years back. I just think Jimin is more involved than he leads on,” Yoongi finished.“But Taehyung is so sure it can’t be him,” Jeongguk said.“Of course, he is. And we have to continue it that way. If Taehyung starts believing that Jimin is involved and he started acting off towards Jimin, Jimin will notice and we don’t know what that will lead to. Jimin is too unpredictable.” Yoongi recleaned all the plates just to buy them some more time.“That just means there are more than one person involved if we place our figure on Jimin. Because you and Namjoon clearly ran towards someone at that building,” Jeongguk mentioned.“True. Either the person was hired or he’s involved in all the planning. I just… I don’t have a good feeling about this all. It’s like someone’s so close yet we can’t figure it out.”“Could be Hoseok as well,” Jeongguk said and he had Yoongi’s full attention. “Did you check his phone as well?” Jeongguk asked.Now, Yoongi wasn’t sure how to address that, he wanted to get into Hoseok’s phone just because of his professional reasons but all of it felt too personal. He was ready to dig in but he just couldn’t do it at the end.“I don’t think he’s involved. Nothing leads to him,” Yoongi said confidently. “I’ll let Namjoon check his phone but when we first did the background checks, Hoseok wasn’t suspicious at all. His schedule is fixed. Classes, dance and on weekends he visits his sister or spends the time at Taehyung’s place. Lately he’s started getting into music as well and has an addition class for it. His Schedule doesn’t allow him to have the time to plan anything.”“How long were you up last night? Did you get enough sleep?” Jeongguk asked instead.“I’m fine, yeah,” Yoongi said and walked towards the living room. There was nothing left to discuss.They all sat down and ate, talked about random things. Made sure no one mentioned the party or Taehyung’s birthday. Jeongguk would steal glances at Taehyung. Taehyung was talkative even when he ate, his mouth full but he had to complete what he was saying.Jeongguk’s t-shirt was a little too big on Taehyung. Even though they’re almost of the same height, their built was different. At home, Jeongguk referred to wear clothes that are loose and right that moment Taehyung was in one of those clothes. A round neck oversized t shirt which would, every now and then, leave Taehyung’s shoulders exposed. Jeongguk would always try his best to look away.As soon as they were done eating Yoongi started laying down pictures of everyone that was at the part. There was a total of sixty people, excluding the seven of them.“I want you guys to take up a pen and write down the name and relationship of theirs with you on the back of it,” Yoongi said. “That means, just divide the back of it in three sections and right down accordingly. Also, mention how long have you known them.”“Do we have to do it now? We just ate?” Jimin said in agony.“Yes, I don’t have the whole day, I have to leave soon,” Yoongi said and looked at his watch. It was already five in the evening and he wanted to be out by six.“So, you’re saying you don’t have time for your own job?” That was the first time Hoseok spoke that day. Everyone turned to look at Hoseok, everyone speechless.“Woh-woh there,” Seokjin laughed nervously. “Let’s just complete it fast so we can all be free soon.”Yoongi just looked at Hoseok and Hoseok refused to backdown.“Next time, stick to guidelines we give you, don’t go overboard and do things without permission,” Yoongi said irritated.“Don’t speak to us like we’re your slaves,” Hoseok said and Seokjin slapped his hand.“What’s happening with you?” Seokjin wasn’t having it.“He has been cranky since last night. He didn’t even sleep good, I found him on the sofa zooned out with the TV on in the background. He wouldn’t talk to me, try your luck,” Jimin said even when Hoseok kicked his leg.“He’s also living on coffee, has had about four cups in the morning,” Jimin added and moved over to sit beside Taehyung instead.“He’s just being dramatic,” Hoseok said.“I’m being dramatic? You yelled at me in the morning because you forgot to put your alarm on and got late for your class,” Jimin said in his defense and Hoseok just rolled his eyes.“Hey hey, we are not gonna fight here, okay, Hobi, do you wanna talk about it?” Seokjin asked quietly and Hoseok shook his head in a no.“Well, then maybe soon. Why don’t you stay over at my place tonight? I’ll anyways be alone,” Seokjin asked and Hoseok said he has classes.“I’ll be with you Jinnie, you don’t have to be alone,” Taehyung said to cheer up Seokjin.“You’re still staying with Jeongguk,” Namjoon said. “Your room’s window needs to be changed and we have to go over some security check at your place, so, you can’t be in that house for a couple of days.”“What about Seokjin? If I’m not safe there, how’ll he be?” Taehyung asked and everyone went quiet. Namjoon wanted to offer to stay over again but Seokjin hasn’t look over at him since he came here. Namjoon hated himself.“I’ll stay with Seokjin, or he can come over at my place. There are few more guards over at the place anyway so even if I stay in with Seokjin, that’ll be fine and he’ll not be alone as well,” Jimin offered and everyone nodded. Namjoon looked away.“Can we focus on one thing first? Get this thing done, I have to leave,” Yoongi said.“Then why don’t you run out of the house like you always do?” Hoseok’s voice sounded angry and this time when every one turned to look at Hoseok, he knew he crossed a line.“That’s it, I’ve had enough,” Jimin said and stood up. “You two,” He pointed at Hoseok and Yoongi, “Talk. I don’t know what? But just sort this shit out. I can’t handle this mess anymore, we already have a lot of things to take care of.”Jimin was pissed off and Namjoon and Jeongguk were surprised, no one has ever seen Jimin like that before.“All of us are doing for a walk, you have half an hour max, and when we get back, we don’t want this taunting tension in the room,” Jimin’s voice was louder than before and everyone stood up except for Hoseok and Yoongi. Everyone left the apartment but Hoseok and Yoongi wouldn’t look at each other.Ten minutes passed and no one of them spoke. Hoseok gave out a dry laugh after that, “Jimin’s too naive to think you’ll talk to me.”“Hoseok, don’t make it difficult,” Yoongi said softly.“Difficult?” Hoseok laughed again. “So, I’m the one making it difficult for us?”“I don’t know what you want from me,” Yoongi said, his head still hung low.“Oh, so you don’t? Let me make it clear for you. I wanna know what’s happening?” Hoseok’s voice was louder that before.“Taehyung has a stalker and-”“Don’t play dumb with me Yoongi, you know what I mean, I wanna know what’s happening between us?” Hoseok said and the ‘us’ came out a lot softer than he wanted it to be.“There is no us, nothing is happening between us,” Yoongi said quietly.“Oh, so, you go around kissing everyone you meet?” Hoseok said harshly and Yoongi looked up. He avoided looking at Hoseok for the reason that Hoseok makes him weak, Hoseok’s face was so painful to watch for Yoongi he would rather be on the field surrounded by enemies.Hoseok looked so angry and yet so sad, his face looked like he was on the verge of crying but he couldn’t because then there was no one in the room who would offer him a shoulder to cry on. That fact alone, made Yoongi’s chest hurt.“Don’t act like you didn’t kiss me?” Yoongi said instead. Hoseok laughed again.“I wanted to kiss you, I felt like you wanted to kiss me too, I thought there was something between us. That’s why I kissed you. But can you answer why you kissed me?” Hoseok asked.Yoongi wanted to say a lot of things. Wanted to yell at Hoseok for making Yoongi’s heart beat a little faster every time he would look at him. Wanted to scream at Hoseok for having a laugh that made it seem like no one in the world can hurt Yoongi if he’s around Hoseok. Yoongi wanted to say how the dancer has been on his mind since the day he laid eyes on him. How he only kissed Hoseok because, for once in a really long time, it felt right. He felt like he was wanted and needed.But instead, he stayed quiet.“Are you gonna act like you never kissed me?” Hoseok asked. Yoongi stayed quiet.“Are you gonna act like it’s all in my head?” Hoseok asked. Yoongi stayed quiet.“I’m leaving,” Yoongi said and stood up. Hoseok laughed again.“When are you not?” Hoseok said.“Tell them I went home,” Yoongi said in a dull voice.“Yoongi, if this is how you actually treat people, no wonder you’re alone.” Were the last words Yoongi heard from Hoseok before he left for his place.Everyone came back about ten minutes later.“If you guys are still fighting-” Seokjin stopped midsentence, “Where’s Yoongi?” He asked.“He said something came up and he left,” Hoseok lied. They all stayed over for a bit longer, Seokjin forced everyone to stay for dinner and also forbid Namjoon from entering kitchen when he almost burned the noodles.Once they all were done with dinner they went outside.“I can drop you guys,” Namjoon offered Seokjin and Jimin.“Oh, no problem, I brought my car, it’s fine. Thank you,” Jimin replied with a smile and Seokjin went to sit in the car.“Take care, okay. If you guys need anything just give me a call,” Namjoon said to Jimin. He wasn’t sure if Seokjin was approachable. He wasn’t sure if he could go talk to him.“Sure, you’ll be the first on my speed dial.” After a few seconds Namjoon waved them off. Hoseok left soon after. Namjoon turned towards Jeongguk and Taehyung already went instead.“I have everything with me, they placed the names and relationships. I’ll see what I can find. Yoongi dropped a few messages as well, I’ll check on them too. You just take care of Taehyung. Remind him to call his parents, they called me today. Also,” Namjoon hesitated before he spoke again, “Be careful.”“It’s not-” Jeongguk started but stopped. There wasn’t anything he could say.“I know you like him, it’s very… visible. Just, don’t let it get into your professional life. Don’t let it affect your work or your judgement. You’re protective of him, even when Yoongi was being hard on him, which was needed, the four of them are taking thing a little too lightly, but the point is, when Yoongi was a bit harsh you made sure he was okay. Just, be careful, okay?” Namjoon said and Jeongguk gave him a nod and a shy smile.Jeongguk went back inside to a surprise.“Why are you doing it?” Jeongguk said and closed the main door.“Doing what?” Taehyung said casually. As if nothing has happened.“Why are you wearing my clothes again?” Jeongguk said over his smile.“Oh? That. They’re very comfortable. Maybe I should go shopping with you,” Taehyung said and twirled, as if there was anything to see.“Just go change into yours, Jimin got you like thirty pairs for only two days.”“This is more comfortable, does my comfort means nothing to you?” Taehyung teased.“I’m very possessive over my clothes, now go change.”“Oh, so you’re the possessive kind?” Taehyung winked. “Are you possessive over your people as well?” Taehyung asked in a low seductive voice and Jeongguk knew better than to fall for it.Jeongguk said nothing and went in the kitchen to get himself some water, his throat felt dry.“Jeongguk? Can I ask you something?” Taehyung’s voice was really small, like that of a kid’s.“Yeah,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung went to sit on the kitchen counter.“Do you think I’m good looking?” Taehyung asked and played with the hem of the t shirt he was wearing.“What? What do you mean?” Jeongguk looked at him with a confused expression.“Do you think I’m pretty? Beautiful? Hot? Sexy? Cute? Good looking? Handsome?” Taehyung tried to elaborate.“What’s that supposed to mean? What kind of a question is this?” Jeongguk asked nervously. He wasn’t sure where Taehyung was going with this. He wasn’t sure why the most beautiful man he ever laid eyes on, would ask him if he was beautiful?“A simple one. How else do you want me to elaborate it,” Taehyung said. “Do you know many people, within a year, have called me beautiful or handsome or pretty?” Taehyung asked but he wasn’t expecting any reply from Jeongguk.“Three,” Taehyung replied. “And do you know how many people have said ‘Oh, you’re very pretty, beautiful but you must hear that a lot.’?” Taehyung asked and his face dropped down again.“Taehyung,” Jeongguk said with a heavy breath.“I just… I mean… yeah, I know, I do know I look nice, I know how to work my look, I know all that. But no one seems to say it because they feel like I already know it or hear it a lot,” Taehyung said quietly.Jeongguk walked towards him, he wasn’t sure what to do next. Taehyung’s posture looked low. His hands on the counter and his legs won’t reach the ground.“You’re beautiful,” Jeongguk said in a whisper.“Now, don’t say it because it seems like I’m forcing you,” Taehyung laughed and looked up and Jeongguk walked another step in his direction.“I’m not, I have never said it because… I don’t know… it just… never felt professional. Like, what good was it gonna do if I told you I think you’re pretty?” Jeongguk sounded really nervous and Taehyung laughed.“Oh, so you think I’m pretty as well? Maybe a little delicate too?” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk gave out a nervous laugh.“Come here,” Taehyung said and pulled Jeongguk between his legs. Because he was on the counter, it gave him an advantage over height. He could lean down on Jeongguk and so he did. Jeongguk looked up. The height different wasn’t much, Jeongguk just had to stretch his neck a few inches but that just made his swallow a little more prominent. His Adam’s apple a little more out there.“You think I’m beautiful and pretty? What else?” Taehyung smiled at Jeongguk. Their hands to themselves.“Do you have a praise kink?” Jeongguk tried making a joke to make the situation filled less with sexual tension.“What if I do? You gonna back out now?” Taehyung asked and Jeongguk’s smile went wider.“You know, people say Seokjin is the most beautiful,” Taehyung mentioned. It was true though. Seokjin’s beauty was undeniable.“Taehyung,” Jeongguk whined, “Please don’t take other people’s name right now.”“Other people? It’s our Seokjin,” Taehyung almost felt offended.“I can’t believe I was about to kiss you,” Jeongguk said and looked straight at Taehyung. Jeongguk’s hand on both side of Taehyung now.“You were about to kiss me?” Taehyung repeated.“Till you mentioned your brother,” Jeongguk said. They both were speaking in a low voice now. Taehyung could feel the heat rise in his body.“Don’t play with me, Jeongguk. I’ll take it seriously,” Taehyung still gave Jeongguk a way out. If it was a joke, he wanted him to be over with it.“I… I want you,” Jeongguk said, his eyes fixed on Taehyung, “to take it seriously,” he later added.Taehyung felt light, he couldn’t look away from Jeongguk. This was the first time ever, when Jeongguk was so upfront with what he wanted.“Jeongguk, are you sure?” Taehyung asked one last time and Jeongguk just leaned up.Jeongguk’s cellphone rang. Universe laughed and all the higher power trolled them. Taehyung and Jeongguk thought it would be easy.“Jeongguk, I swear to God, if it’s one of your friends, it’s always your friend,” Taehyung yelled out of frustration, Jeongguk slid out from between Taehyung’s legs to reach for his phone.“Ha, it’s Hoseok this time,” Jeongguk said and before he could press the answer button Taehyung snatched the phone and put it on silent. He then held Jeongguk’s neck and pulled him in.If you were to ask Jeongguk how he imagined his first kiss with Taehyung would be, he would have just laughed and walked away. If you were to ask the same question to Taehyung, he would have said something romantic. None of them would have said that their first kiss would be held by a time limit on it.Taehyung went in lightly at first, his lips pressed Jeongguk’s and he took a deep breath. Jeongguk moved his left hand and placed it around Taehyung’s hips and his left hand at the center of Taehyung’s back and he pulled him closer. Taehyung’s both hands were wrapped around Jeongguk’s neck. Jeongguk moved his lips first and Taehyung smiled in the kiss. His heart no more scared, his actions spoke faster. He pulled Jeongguk closer and ran his hands through Jeongguk’s hair and with a slight pressure he pulled Jeongguk’s hair, Jeongguk let out a moan in Taehyung’s mouth. Taehyung smiled even harder in the kiss.The second time the phone ran they both pulled back. Taehyung wouldn’t stop looking at Jeongguk and Jeongguk was too shy to look at Taehyung. No matter how much of tough personality he gave out, he was always shy under Taehyung’s spell.Jeongguk’s heartbeat was still high and he took a deep breath before he picked up his phone and that was when he realized that this time it was Taehyung’s phone.He stretched his arm to reach for Taehyung’s phone and handed it to Taehyung. Taehyung cleared his voice before he picked up.“Hobi,” Taehyung smiled as he said that and Jeongguk shook his head with a smile.“Where’s Jeongguk?” Hoseok said in a very serious tone.“Jeongguk? He’s with me, why? Is everything okay?” Taehyung panicked a little.“Yeah, just give him the phone for me,” Hoseok said and Taehyung passed his phone to Jeongguk.“Hoseok, do you want me to come?” Jeongguk said as soon as he received the call.“No, just… can you?... can you give me… Yoongi’s address?” Hoseok asked. His voice sounded nervous and he sounded like he was in pain.“Hoseok? Is everything okay? Do you want me to send someone over? Are you safe?” Jeongguk asked instead and Taehyung walked towards him in panic. He felt guilty for not picking up Hoseok’s call at the first time.“Yes, I’m fine. I’m home, just can you do it or not?” Hoseok asked again and this time he sounded frustrated.“What do you need it for?” Jeongguk asked.“I had to tell him something about the party,” Hoseok said and by then Taehyung had made Jeongguk put the phone on speaker.“You can tell me,” Jeongguk said instead.“I would have told you if I wanted to, now, can you give me the address or do you want me to call Namjoon?” Hoseok was on the verge of yelling and Taehyung was confused.“Hoseok, it’s ten at night, don’t you think it’s a little too late to drop by at someone’s place?” Jeongguk said quietly and slowly.“I’ll go tomorrow morning, just give me the address and if you can’t, then just tell me.”“I’ll give you, but you have to promise me that you’ll go tomorrow.”“Just give me the address now,” Hoseok said and then he added a very vulnerable, “Please.”Jeongguk gave him the address and as soon as they hung up Taehyung turned and said, “He’s already on his way.”Hoseok truly was. He was angry and he was pissed. He was tired of crying for no reason. He wanted answers and this time he was certain that he would get them. He wouldn’t leave till Yoongi would ask him to.He wanted to know what the hell was going on, he wanted to know if they actually never have a chance. He wanted to know if he was just wasting his time on Yoongi when all Yoongi’s ever going to be is cold to him.He always felt guilty and bad for the way he talked to Yoongi that day. He wanted to hurt Yoongi and that was why he spoke few words he never meant but he realized a little too late that hurting Yoongi meant hurting himself.He was not only there to seek answers but also there to apologize. He stood outside Yoongi’s house for a good ten minutes. Debated if it was actually really late or if it was just something Jeongguk said so he could calm himself down.The waiting wasn’t going to do him any good so he rang the bell. He waited and waited and then he heard the footsteps.“Hoseok?” Yoongi’s face was more surprised that Hoseok imagined it would be. Yeah, Hoseok didn’t have his address and that in itself was a surprise for Yoongi to have Hoseok at his door but Hoseok never expected this expression.“Can we talk?” Hoseok said softly with no venom. He wasn’t here to fight.“Hoseok?” Yoongi repeated again. And he had a strong hold at the door, blocking Hoseok’s view. He stood by frame which made it impossible for Hoseok to enter.“I just came-” before Hoseok could outer another word. He heard another pair of footsteps.Another person stood by Yoongi’s side. Hoseok’s eyes looked up at Yoongi in shock. He never expected this scenario.“Appa,” the kid clenching to Yoongi’s leg said.



Chapter End Notes
Hello, thank you again for reading it and i know it's been a while. But i hope you enjoyed it.Do tell me how you like the story and the chapter.RANT IT OUT TO ME. I JUST WANNA KNOW.thank you again for taking your time to read it.it really means a lot to me.


Chapter 7
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi wanted to sleep, wanted to just curl up in his blanket and sleep. Sleep so that he couldn’t think. Sleep so that his head would stop buzzing. Sleep so that he could stop thinking of Hoseok.The minute Yoongi got home from Jeongguk’s, he couldn’t stop thinking about Hoseok. What he said and how he looked. Not in the sense that he looked amazing, Hoseok always looked amazing, but in how his expressions were sad, upset, and frustrated.Yoongi wanted things to be easy. Wanted to be able to explain everything but, things weren’t easy. They were complicated and could easily be misunderstood. Yoongi hated it.It was almost ten at night and he wasn’t in the mood to fix himself dinner. When he got home, all he had done was to try and not breakdown in tears. He was frustrated.So, when the doorbell rang a little while after that, he was confused, he wasn’t expecting anyone. It couldn’t be any of his boys, they would always message first.He stood and walked towards the door, very slowly. When he opened the door, he wasn’t if he was seeing things right. There was no way on earth Jung Hoseok was standing in front of him, he wouldn’t have his address, Yoongi was certain of that just a few seconds ago.“Hoseok?” Yoongi wasn’t sure if he said it out loud or if his brain was asking him questions. Yoongi wasn’t sure of anything at that moment.“Can we talk?” Hoseok said in a very calm voice, much to Yoongi’s surprise.“Hoseok?” Yoongi repeated. He was still trying to wrap his head around all of it.“I just came-” Hoseok started to say but was interrupted by the little kid that ran towards Yoongi’s leg and called him ‘Appa’,Hoseok’s mouth hung open, his expression as confused as the whole situation. Yoongi couldn’t let Hoseok leave just yet.“I… I-” Hoseok couldn’t speak, he couldn’t form any work let alone a sentence, Hoseok had thousands of scenarios in his head, some ended with them in fist fight and some ended with them in bed together, but none of them ended with a kid.Hoseok took a step back involuntarily, he needed to breathe, this was all just too much. Yoongi saw it as Hoseok leaving, he panicked and held out his hand to hold Hoseok by his wrist.“Can we talk?” This time it was Yoongi who said that.They both sat on the opposite sides of Yoongi’s couch. Hoseok wasn’t sure what was needed to be said or done. Yoongi has offered him water and he took it politely. The child sat on Yoongi’s lap.Now, Hoseok wasn’t much of an expert on kids, the kid looked way too young, about a year or two old. The kid had a very weird haircut, Hoseok could laugh on a good day, but not today. Shorter from the front and longer from the back, Hoseok wanted to call it a mullet but it looked way too messed up to be one.The kid’s head was on Yoongi’s chest and Yoongi was slightly patting the kid’s back, in a rhythm. The kid looked at Hoseok in silence and Hoseok looked everywhere else, Hoseok was nervous.“Yeoun.” Came a tiny voice from the kid’s direction.Hoseok and Yoongi both looked at the kid in a heartbeat. The kid had the hand stretched out towards Hoseok.Hoseok broke out in a smile, “Hoseok.” He then reached out for the kid’s hand to shake it.“Hojok,” the kid tried to say it and it made Yoongi smile. Hoseok looked at Yoongi and it was the first time he has seen the man smile in so many days.“Hose- call me Hobi,” Hoseok said with another smile. He had his body leaned towards the kid, he doesn’t want the kid to be intimidated.“Hobi?” the kid asked with confusion.“Yes, Hobi. I let my friends call me Hobi,” Hoseok said and he was trying to relax. It’s just a kid. Kids like friendly people. Kids talk.“We friends?” Yeoun asked and looked over at Yoongi, as if asking for approval. Yoongi gave Yeoun a little nod.“Yeah, we’re friend,” Hoseok held out his hand again and Yeoun gave him a clap.“Yeoun, why don’t you say goodnight to you friend? You’re already way past your bedtime,” Yoongi stood up and took Yeoun in his arms.“No, but… I want to talk,” Yeoun said and yawned. Yoongi smiled again.“Maybe next time, okay? You sleep right now, we’ll talk later,” Hoseok stood up to help Yoongi out and Yeoun gave him a nod. They waved goodnight at each other and Yoongi disappeared in one of the rooms. Hoseok got the time to breathe.He looked around and realized that Yoongi’s house was just a little bigger than Hoseok’s. A wider kitchen space and a wider living room. There were several rooms, from where Hoseok could see. It looked like a house for a bigger family.Yoongi appeared after a while. “I thought you would be gone by now,” he said to Hoseok.“Would you have wanted that?” Hoseok asked and crossed his arms.“No,” he said simply.Soon the both were in the same position from a while back, opposite ends of the couch.“So, you said you wanted to talk,” Yoongi said when Hoseok stayed quiet for way too long.“I’m not sure what to say anymore,” Hoseok replied.“Why did you come here?” Yoongi asked.“Do you have someone? Do you have a partner?” Hoseok asked. The question was biting him, eating him up. Ever since he saw the kid, he couldn’t shake the feeling that there might just be someone in Yoongi’s life.“No, I don’t,” Yoongi said calmly.“Is the kid yours?” Hoseok asked. He knows way too many stories of young pregnant woman, who don’t want anything to do with the child, so they end up leaving the kid with their partners and vanish for a decade or so.“It’s more complicated than that,” Yoongi replied after a while, he debated how to answer that and he just couldn’t get the words out.“Yoongi,” Hoseok said and looked at the elder man, “the kid is either yours or not, it’s not complicated.”“The kid is mine, yes,” Yoongi said and could see as Hoseok’s shoulders dropped. “By law, she is my child, but not biologically.”Hoseok looked up at Yoongi again. “She’s adopted?”“Not exactly, but yes, she’s adopted,” Yoongi replied. The story was too complicated to get into. He prayed that Hoseok wouldn’t ask but knowing Hoseok, it was just the matter of time.“So, let me get this right, you don’t have someone, you’re single but you do have a kid, not biologically but Yeoun is yours?” Hoseok said and it looked like he was trying to make sense of all that.“Yes.”“You don’t strike me as someone with a kid, seeing how much you work and how late you stay up.” Hoseok said.“I wasn’t, but you gotta do what you gotta do.”Hoseok was still frustrated. He was more confused than before.“Yoongi, don’t get me wrong,” Hoseok began and Yoongi looked at him, eyes soft but pained. “Your life is your life, you do want you want with it, but you can’t use your kid as an excuse to mess up someone else’s life. You kissed me and then you won’t talk to me, I get it that you have a kid and that you just can’t involve someone in your life, just like that, but you knew that. Then why kiss me? Why not just tell me it’ll never work out? We haven’t known each other- hell, we don’t even know each other, but I would have liked if I had some clarity on it.”“I wanted more.” Yoongi’s voice was really low, or maybe too might, no one was sure at that point, Hoseok’s heartbeat was already high, he wasn’t sure if he was even hearing words over his heartbeat ringing in his ear.“What?”“I’ve had my fair share of one-night stands and within the first few of them, I realized it’s just not for me. I just can’t do the casual sex. Doesn’t mean I don’t miss the feeling of skin on skin, lips on lips. I’ve been to bars, I’ve made out with different people. The difference between them and you is that I never wanted to see those men again, I never wanted anything from them except for their time they gave for that night. I have a kid, I can’t just let anyone be close to me and those men weren’t in any mood to be close to me either, but you weren’t them.” Yoongi stopped and breathed. Took a long breath just to recollect his thoughts. He looked back at Hoseok and Hoseok looked like he was at loss of words.“I wanted to see you the next day, I wanted to see you more and more, I wanted to know you, I wanted to talked to you, I wanted more with you, Hoseok. I couldn’t let you in because I wanted you. I kissed you that night not because I wanted to have anyone’s lips on mine, but because I wanted to kiss you. I wanted to kiss you, Hoseok. If I wouldn’t have left your place in that exact moment, then I don’t know what would have happened next. I couldn’t risk that. I can’t lead you on and then drop the baby card. I… I just didn’t want things to be casual between us. It’s gonna be painful for a while but I saved us both from heartbreak that it would have caused later.”Yoongi wanted to continue, wanted to talk more but he already has said more than enough. In his little rant he made his feelings for Hoseok clear. Hoseok on the other hand, was still in shock. They both sat in silence, the clock’s tic-tic the only sound in the living room.“You know, you pout when you’re talking passionately.” Those were the only words Hoseok thought could think of.“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Yoongi took a while with his reply as well.“Don’t tell me, no one ever told you?” Hoseok teased and Yoongi’s gummy smile broke out.“You should have said something earlier, it would have been less painful,” Hoseok mentioned after a while. They both were still at the corners of the couch but they looked less on the edge.“It’s not easy to just say ‘hey, I have a kid,’ and then continue on as if nothing happened,” Yoongi replied.“Now that I know how whipped you are for me-”“Stop talking, Hoseok,” Yoongi said shyly, with a bright smile.“What? It’s true though. You said it yourself,” Hoseok laughed. He was just glad things weren’t awkward between them.“Anyway, now all I have to do is impress Yeoun, because, as we’ve figured out, you’re already highly impressed by me,” Hoseok said jokingly but Yoongi didn’t laugh.“Did I say something wrong?” Hoseok asked nervously when he looked at how serious Yoongi looked.“You still want to be a part of this?” Yoongi asked softly, each word said in a very clear voice.“If that ends up with us being together, then, yes.” Hoseok was never so sure of anything in his life. Yes, it was just all too much but he has tried to live like Yoongi doesn’t exist. He has tried not to speak to or of Yoongi and that was the hardest he has lived.“Are you sure?” Yoongi asked again. He wasn’t sure if any of it was making any sense to him or if Hoseok understood what was happening. A kid was involved. Yoongi’s kid was involved.Hoseok shifted towards Yoongi, there was still space between them but they still were closer than they have been in last few days, “Are you scared she’ll like me better than you?”“You’re so full of yourself,” Yoongi said and pushed at Hoseok’s shoulders.They both smiled at each other, a true, genuine smile. Yoongi hasn’t felt this light headed in over a week, since the night he ran from Hoseok’s.“Tell me about her,” Hoseok said and changed the subject.“What do you wanna know?” Yoongi has never spoken about her to anyone. The only people who actually knew of all the details are Namjoon and Jeongguk, along with his immediate family. For the rest, he always had ‘I wanted a family and she is it for me,’  ready on his tongue. This worked well with relatives, whenever his parents have forced him to a family get together with all the extended family.“Anything, what was your reaction when you got to know the adoption papers cleared and all that stuff? How were you sure you wanted a kid?” Hoseok asked. Personally, Hoseok has never thought of having a kid. Down the line, he sure would want a kid but not in the next five to seven years. Yoongi wasn’t much older than him, so, it just grew his curiosity.“When I first saw her, I hated her parents,” Yoongi said honestly. He has never truly shown any emotions to Namjoon and Jeongguk. Things just happened too fast and there wasn’t much that needed to be said.“You’ve met the parents?” Hoseok asked.“I think I have, it’s complicated,” Yoongi said again.“And I have nowhere to go and all night to listen,” Hoseok said and sat back comfortably, his legs crossed on the couch. He truly made it home.“Just, ask me to stop if you don’t wanna hear anymore or something,” Yoongi said. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He hasn’t thought of that day in a really long time.“I was on duty, Namjoon and Jeongguk were with me, right after midnight we all decided to go to those twenty-four hours store and just have dinner and go home. There was this couple just outside the store. They weren't doing much, just hanging around but they looked really supicious. They looked nervous and they looked like they were on the edge. They kept looking in our direction and I didn't think much of it at first. It was at a really small and remote area. Some guy from the government was doing a rally and we were escorting him. Anyway, so, it was the last day. We haven’t slept in over two days. Things were hard and hectic. We finished our dinner and by one or two, after having a few drinks, we decided to head to our hotels.”Yoongi looked at Hoseok. Something about Hoseok just gets Yoongi on ease.“When we got out of that store, we realized my car was missing. We thought that I might have parked it somewhere else, because the parking lot was quite big behind that store but we couldn’t find my car, I realized soon after that I must have forgotten to take out the keys of the car. We called the cops to inform them about the missing vehicle but it took them too long to actually register a decent complaint. They kept saying how I should have been more careful and all that crap and I was too exhausted to take their bullshit.”Yoongi recalled that exact moment, how he stood there feeling stupid, how he thought that the best he could do was go back to his hotel room and just take a nap.“Anyway, we contacted our head office and they helped us in tracking the car, it was abandoned about fifty miles away and when we reached, the engine of the car was on. I remember Namjoon was the one who went to look inside the car first. We located the car at around six or seven in the morning, I can’t even tell anymore. I still remember the expression on Namjoon’s face. It was like he saw a ghost,” Yoongi said and laughed. He looked over at Hoseok to check if he was still listening.“There was a child on the backseat, just wrapped in a dirty-torn blanket, I was more concerned for the health of the kid than I was over the kid being there. I thought the parents of the kid accidentally left her there, but who would just leave their child like that. It made no sense to me, we took her to the hospital, but as soon as we entered, she started crying. Louder and louder. The whole hospital filled with her screams. She was barely seven or eight months old. What was truly strange was that she never cried when we were driving her towards the hospital, she was a quiet child and for once, we all were happy.”“Did you ever locate the parents? Did they visit the hospital?” Hoseok asked, Yoongi could sense hesitation in his voice but he wasn’t sure why it was there.“Do you want me to tell the story or not?”“Sorry, I got impatient, continue, please.”"Her parents... I'm not sure but I think that couple just outside the store, they are her parents. There was just something about them that I could never figure out. I don't remember seeing a child with them but the condition they were in... I'm sure they weren't gonna take care of a kid like that," Yoongi stopped himself. He had no right to judge two random people without much evidence and he, of all the people, knew that but something about those people just never sat well with Yoongi. Something about those poeple just screamed guilt and fear.“We stayed for over an hour or so, everything was okay with her, she was perfectly fine, good health and all that. The hospital said they’ll contact the police and the child services and all those people who were to be contacted for her and that they’ll take care of her. I… I wasn’t sure what to do, I felt like it was partially my responsibility to take care of her, she was found in my car. But, the sleeplessness of three days was getting to me, so, we left. I gave them my contact number, in case they needed me for something, for the first few days, I didn’t receive a call. I decided to drop by the hospital after five days, just to check if she was taken care of or not.”Hoseok twisted on his seat and crossed his arms, Yoongi avoided looking at the way the muscle of his bicep formed. It wasn’t the time for that.“Turns out she was still at the hospital,” Yoongi continued, “She was sent to an orphanage but her health declined rapidly within few days, she would keep crying, she would vomit everything that she would eat, it was like her body was rejecting everything. For a child that was so small, she suffered a lot. For a child who had no idea what was happening, she suffered. I asked if I can go see her, I had this guilt in me, as if it was all my fault,” Yoongi said and smiled sadly.“It wasn’t your fault,” Hoseok said in a small voice, even though now Yoongi knew it wasn’t but having someone say it out loud was different.“When I entered the room, she was with a nurse, she was asleep. I asked if I can stay there for a while and they allowed me. The search for her parents were on but there was nothing, no trace nothing, the fingerprints from the car lead to nowhere, even her DNA was ran into the system and there was still nothing. I looked at her and I she looked like a different kid all together in just few days. She got so skinny that it scared me. Soon she started moving and she woke up. The first thing she did was, cry. I panicked, I have never handled a child, I moved over to her bed so that I can call the nurse and then,” Yoongi paused and a small smile spread to his face.“She looked at me and she stopped crying, I panicked more than I did before. I thought something was wrong, she stopped immediately and I called the nurse. I couldn’t stop looking at her and she just looked… calm. I was scared for a second and then when the doctors came and they were pretty surprised that she wasn’t crying. I wasn’t sure what to do, so I left. The next the hospital called me, asked me if I can come over as they wanted to have a talk about her. I went and they had this whole team with them, of seven to eight people, they asked me what my thought on being a foster parent was.”“They wanted you to keep the baby?” Hoseok asked in shook, as if forgetting that the said baby is sleeping in the room to his left.“They told me that right after I left, she started crying again, that the only two times she was calm was when she was around me. The physiatrist said it’s possible as I was her first human touch, I held her till we reached the hospital. Even though Namjoon was the first one who saw her, I was the one who held her first. I wasn’t sure where they were going with the conversation. I’ve never considered myself as a foster parent, I’ve never had time or interest.”“So, she’s only here with you for a while?” Hoseok twisted in his seat again, maybe it was just too much to gasp in such a short time.“Will you let me finish?” Yoongi looked over at him with no malice and Hoseok gave him an apologetic smile.“I didn’t know shit about foster care at that time, to be honest, I still don’t know a lot about it. I told them I don’t have the time to take care of the child, I’m always on field and I’ve never done this before. They asked me to think about it. I spoke with the rest of the team and Namjoon was very concerned with her health, he was worried that she… she wouldn’t survive for long. We decided to do it, Namjoon, Jeongguk and I started living together. I filed all the paperwork and they had child services sent in every few weeks just to make sure we’re all doing well.”“Namjoon and Jeongguk live with you?” Hoseok asked in confusion, they were just at Jeongguk’s place a few hours ago and he has never seen Namjoon’s place.“Hoseok, if you speak again-”“Will you kiss me to shut me up?” Hoseok smirked and Yoongi blushed. “Now that’s how you make a person stop talking,” Hoseok said and laughed. Yoongi tried to ignore the heat on his face and continued.“At first it was difficult, one of us had to stay at home to take care of her, she started crawling and all the things kids do. And even though she never caused trouble with Namjoon and Jeongguk, she was the happiest with me. I still don’t get it. Soon she started walking, I never knew a one year old could walk. She was a quiet child, we used to live in a neighborhood surrounded by parents so, it was easy for us to make her mingle with other kids. I never wanted her to isolate herself from the rest of the world.”Hoseok smiled, Yoongi looked lost in thought and it gave Hoseok a moment to actually look at Yoongi. Hoseok never noticed just how young Yoongi looked despite his age. Yes, Yoongi was shorter in height than him but in a suit, Yoongi has a bigger persona. He looked his age when he is in his professional clothes, but dressed in a pajama and an oversized black hoodie he looked younger; way younger than Hoseok.“When she turned one, Namjoon joked about how I should adopt her, we were joking around but his words never left me. I started thinking about it. I contacted the hospital and the child services and they gave me the contact info of the agency she was named under. They were very cooperative, helped me tons, saved me so much of time. The only trouble that came was when they realized that Namjoon and Jeongguk have moved out. They wanted to know who’ll take care of her when I won’t be home. I didn’t live with my parents, I moved soon after graduation. I wanted to get out of that town. Big city, big crowd doesn’t make you the center of attention and maybe that was what I was chasing.”Hoseok gave him a nod, even though their desire to be in the center was different he still understood where Yoongi was coming from.“Anyway, my brother said he’d move here, in the city with me. I told him he doesn’t have to because she’s my responsibility but it was the time where he was dating. He said he wanna see if he and his girlfriend could handle a child and they were happy to babysit, he started looking for a job and within a few months he got a job here. So, he moved here and now whenever I’m away, he or his girlfriend are taking care of Yeoun. It wasn’t the ideal situation, I wasn’t sure if the authorities will allow it. But you take Yeoun away from me and she wouldn’t do so well. They noticed and understood it.”“So, they just allowed it?”“More like, I’m under supervision. They dropped by once every month unannounced, sometimes the child services will have a doctor with them just for a random check up. There have been times when I wasn’t home, but things have been well. She’s doing good and my brother and his girlfriend are amazing with her and luckily she doesn’t cry much whenever they’re around. There have been rare times when I’ll have to drop things and just head home because she just wasn’t… feeling… feeling well?” Yoongi said the last words as a question, it wasn’t like she wasn’t well, it was more like she wouldn’t stop crying. She wouldn’t throw a tantrum but she would refuse to talk to people, she would sit in a corner and cry. Yoongi’s heart aches at that.Hoseok stayed quiet. Just a simple small nod and his eyes were down.“Today was one of those days. I got a call right before you guys appeared and I just had to leave the place and then they left and said we should talk but, I’m sorry, I just was in such a rush,” Yoongi said and looked away from Hoseok. He wasn’t guilty for what was done, Yeoun needed him and he would always put everything behind her. But, that doesn’t mean he wasn’t upset over how things were handled.“I… I came here to apologize for how I talked,” Hoseok said and tried to meet Yoongi’s eyes. To let Yoongi know just how honest he was.“You don’t have to, it wasn’t like you lied or anything, I just was… I should have handled it better,” Yoongi still wasn’t looking at Hoseok. His eyes were hung low and fixed between his own legs.Hoseok stayed quiet, he knew that they both would just keep taking the blame on them. Yoongi would always think that if he would have mentioned Yeoun before things would have been different. As true as it was, it wasn’t Hoseok’s place to judge him. Hoseok couldn’t even imagine what it was like having a kid, what through process a parent would have, let alone a single parent.“Are you happy?” Hoseok asked instead and this time Yoongi met his eyes.“What?” Yoongi asked in confusion.“Happy with Yeoun and the situation?”“Yes,” Yoongi said without hesitation, “Maybe, I would have had a different answer if you would have asked me this a year back but she’s my life now. She… there’s this balance in me because of her. Having a kid really does make you a different person.” Yoongi was smiling and Hoseok smiled as well.Hoseok smile, lazy and sleepy, he hasn’t been sleeping well lately and sleep has finally caught on to him. He wanted to reach out and take Yoongi’s hand in his own, just to hold and just to touch. But whatever happened just then was too much to process. He needed at least a good night’s sleep and a day to think it over.“What are you thinking?” Yoongi asked when Hoseok stayed quiet.“I’m planning on how I can steal Yeoun from you and make her fall in love with me, so you’ll have no other choice but to be with me,” Hoseok said and smiled at the way Yoongi’s gummy smile appeared.“You’re so annoying,” Yoongi said and rolled his eyes, his smile betrayed him.Hoseok laughed and his yawn betrayed him. Yoongi looked over at his watch and realized that it was already a little after midnight.“You can… you can sleep here for tonight,” Yoongi offered shyly. Hoseok smiled.“So eager to have me in your bed?”“That’s not… that’s not what-” Yoongi threw a cushion at Hoseok when he caught him laughing.“I’m joking and no, I can’t sleep here.”“I mean, you can take my bed, I’ll sleep on the sofa,” Yoongi said.“I just… I think I need tonight to process, having you near will just mess up with my thoughts,” Hoseok said and winked at Yoongi and Yoongi tried his best to bite back a smile. He failed but hoped it worked.“I can drive you home,” Yoongi said.“And what about Yeoun?” Hoseok asked.“I’ll take her with me. She’s asleep she won’t know,” Yoongi replied and Hoseok smiled at just how much Yoongi was trying.“I have my car, I’ll get home safe. I’ll even drop you a message when I’ll reach, don’t worry.” With that Hoseok stood up and stretched. Yoongi looked away as Hoseok’s t-shirt rode up with the stretching.They walked towards the main door silently, not sure what was within the boundaries.Hoseok opened the door and stepped outside and Yoongi thought that he would leave just like that. Hoseok turned to face Yoongi. A soft smile planted on his lips.“I mean it, when I said I want it all, with you, I mean it,” Hoseok said in a low voice, his voice almost a whisper. With his words Yoongi’s heart raced.“You should still think about it, take the night to think,” Yoongi said. He wanted to trust Hoseok but there was a tiny voice in his head that wasn’t too sure of it.“I don’t need time to think over it, I know what I want, Yoongi. And I’ll try my best to win over Yeoun. You’ve raised her well,” Hoseok smiled and Yoongi swore that if he had the courage, he would have kissed Hoseok then and there.Yoongi hardly ever received compliments on his parenting, it would always be Namjoon saying sweet stuff but Yoongi always knew he came from a bias point of view. Hoseok saying stuff like that was different. Yoongi looked down and he could hear faint laughter in the background.“I should get going now,” Hoseok said and Yoongi gave him a nod. They looked at each other for a little while longer. Hoseok stayed right where he was, unable to move even when he has said he would go at least three times already.“Good night, Yoongi.” Before Yoongi could reply Hoseok leaned down to kiss his cheek. Soft lips connecting with his cheeks make shiver run down Yoongi’s spine. Hoseok moved back, smiled and left. Yoongi stood at his door speechless.That night when Yoongi went to bed, he was sure that Jung Hoseok would drive him crazy in all the right ways.   Taehyung twisted and turned on the bed. He couldn’t sleep. Jeongguk refused to cuddle with him because he said they need time and space to think about them. Taehyung reached over Jeongguk to get to the side table to check the time, it was only two am.“What is it?” Jeongguk startled Taehyung and he lost his balance and dropped straight on Jeongguk.“What the hell?” Jeongguk said in pain as Taehyung’s chest dropped on Jeongguk’s head.“What the hell is wrong with you?” Taehyung yelled. “You scared the living shit out of me.”“What are you doing on me in the middle on the night?”“I thought you were asleep.”“That still doesn’t answer my questions.”“I was checking the time,” Taehyung said and sat down on the bed. There was no light in the room except for what little light came through the curtains.“Why aren’t you sleeping?” Jeongguk asked and turned towards Taehyung. His right cheek dug deep in the pillow.“I can’t sleep.”“And why is that?” Jeongguk said in a sleepy voice.“I don’t know, okay,” Taehyung said in frustration, he couldn’t tell himself why he was being like that.Jeongguk took a deep breath in and exhaled loudly.“If I’m an inconvenience to you, I’ll go sleep outside on the couch,” Taehyung said in an annoyed tone and started to get up, Jeongguk help his wrist softly with no power.Jeongguk them moved around to turn on the night lamp. The dim light illuminated the room.“What happened?” Jeongguk opened his eyes and blinked at Taehyung softly.“I don’t know, okay. I just… I don’t know.” Taehyung wasn’t lying. There have had been times in the past as well when everything would be doing great but suddenly his mood would drop and he just couldn’t figure it out.Jeongguk replied with a hum and help Taehyung’s wrist again, drawing small and slow circles on it.“What’s ‘V’?” Jeongguk asked softly.“What?” Taehyung blinked at Jeongguk a few times.“Your paintings, they’re all signed as ‘V’ and not your name, why?” Jeongguk tried his best to open his eyes and to focus on Taehyung.“Oh that, I… it’s a stupid story and really boring,” Taehyung said.“Okay then, good night,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung pouted. “I love boring stories, tell me,” Jeongguk said with a small smile.“I told my dad that I wanted to sell my painting, I wanted to take it up as a profession. Do commissions once in a while and all that but I never wanted my face or name to be out there. Dad’s company and I owns all the legal rights of it and then we started to come up with names. Dad said that the legal team came up with some pseudonym names like Lex, Six and V. I was asked to pick one. I never wanted a big or long name so I picked ‘V’. It doesn’t have any deep meaning and V stands for Victory and I liked it,” Taehyung answer.“Victory because you remain winning,” Jeongguk said and smiled. Taehyung laughed.“The company, they don’t listen to me much. Like, I suggested a few names as well and they rejected all of them. Said, it’ll be too close to my real name and it might end up revealing my identity.”Jeongguk just kept his eyes on Taehyung. There was always a sadness whenever Taehyung talked of the company or his parents. It wasn’t resentment but… grief. Jeongguk wanted to ask why but he wasn’t sure how to do that.“V is nice too, you look cute when you pronounce it,” Jeongguk said instead, just to make the boy smile. And he did.“Now my turn,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk sifted in the bed to look at Taehyung properly.“How did you get this?” Taehyung asked and traced the scar on Jeongguk’s left cheek with his index finger.“You can see it now?” Jeongguk let out a laugh.“The light is doing wonders to your skin,” Taehyung replied.“It’s a stupid story as well,” Jeongguk replied and help Taehyung’s hand as they kept tracing his scar.“I love stupid stories,” Taehyung replied and let Jeongguk play with his fingers.“It was during my childhood; my brother and I were playing a computer game and we got into some argument. Then a fight broke out and the saying ‘boys will be boys’ was invented.”Jeongguk laughed and it led to Taehyung laughing as well.“In short, I don’t remember the details. I thought it’d heal but when I saw the scar and it remains… well, my brother apologized a lot, if that’s something.”“Why have I never seen it?” Taehyung asked. Taehyung was sure that he has examined Jeongguk’s face before. He was sure that a scar so prominent would be hard to miss.“I use makeup to cover it.”“Why?”“People stare and then ask questions. I once met this client who kept on looking at me-”“You don’t have to talk about me like that,” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk laughed.“He’d keep looking,” Jeongguk continued. “And once my term with him was over he asked me what happened and how I got the scar, I told him how it happened and he looked really disappointed by my answer. He said he thought it’s a war scar, like, as if I would ever participate in a war,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung hit his shoulder.“People have different reactions, maybe because of the field I’m in, many of them just assume it’s because I was fighting someone, when no, I just got beaten up by my brother when I was little.”“You should tell them it’s a ‘war scar’.”“I once did,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung’s eyes got wider.“Are you kidding me? What was the person’s reaction?”“They got scared, I don’t know why, and asked Namjoon if he could replace me with someone else for them. Yoongi hated it, made me swear that I’d never lie.”“Yoongi took over for you?” Taehyung asked and Jeongguk nod, they laughed like crazy.“Yoongi was so grumpy from it all, I had a good laugh over it. He hated that man. The amount of time he had called Yoongi into his bedroom because he was suspicious someone was in there, it was crazy. We had fifteen people at his house. Half of our man power was at his house. But he gave heavy money, so, no complaints.”Taehyung laughed. Jeongguk was still lying on the bed but his view was perfect. From down there, Jeongguk could just appreciate all of Taehyung without thinking he would go dizzy over it.“Are you enjoying it here? Is Yoongi still grumpy?” Taehyung asked softly.“Yoongi is a soft ball, he just acts like he’s all rough and tough. You should see him around Hoseok.”“You’ve noticed it too, right? Hoseok just has been in such a bad mood lately and it scares me. Like, he would still smile and laugh but his smile wouldn’t reach his eyes and he would zone out of the conversation every now and then,” Taehyung mentioned. Whatever it was that was happening between Hoseok and Yoongi, he hoped they resolve it.“Yoongi… it’s hard. It’s not my place to say but Yoongi have priorities, responsibilities none of us have. It’s a little different for Yoongi.” Jeongguk stopped there. As much as he would want to tell Taehyung everything, some things just weren’t his to tell.Taehyung just gave a soft nod. He understood.“We have an early day tomorrow, we’re moving back to your house, you should get some sleep.”“I like it here,” Taehyung said.Jeongguk smiled, wasn’t sure how to answer that.“The boys miss you, the number of messages I receive from Jimin is crazy,” Jeongguk said.“And I can’t believe you guys were suspicious of him.”Jeongguk wasn’t going to mention that Jimin was still on Yoongi’s suspect list. There were still some questions that remained unanswered. He just smiled instead, hoped for Taehyung to just get the hint.Taehyung laid down and Jeongguk turned the light off.“No cuddles?” Taehyung asked one last time.“Taehyung, you have to talk to your… friend before...” Jeongguk said hesitantly. Jeongguk was consciously aware that him and Taehyung hadn’t done anything wrong. That Taehyung and ‘that guy’ weren’t in a real relationship, that it was all a show and they both were open to having other people in their lives. Yet, deep down, it felt wrong to Jeongguk. As if he was involved in some drama he never signed up for. He knew it wasn’t morally wrong for him to be with Taehyung, for him to touch or kiss or hold Taehyung but he wanted to do all of that with a clear conscious. Otherwise, what was the difference between Taehyung and ‘that guy’.“Watch me do that first thing in the morning,” Taehyung said Jeongguk smiled. They drifted to sleep soon after.Little did Taehyung knew that Jeongguk’s distraction worked on him, that his chest wasn’t as heavy as before and that he allowed himself to sleep soundlessly.  Jimin was sleeping next to Seokjin, they both were exhausted from the day and Jimin crashed as soon as they entered the house. It was four am and Seokjin couldn’t sleep anymore. His mind drifted to Namjoon.Him and Namjoon were okay, he would like to believe that. He would want things to be okay, of course. But since Namjoon has kissed his cheeks, he hadn’t been able to meet the younger one’s eyes.It had less to do with the fact that it was a kiss on the cheeks and more with the fact that it was from Namjoon. Seokjin wasn’t shy, he was bold, he was confident but lately, he had been nervous. Whenever Namjoon was around, Seokjin would calculate his steps, overthink his actions.They have been flirting shamelessly, or at least Seokjin has, but skin on skin, bare skin on bare skin, was another territory. Not that Seokjin would mind, but it made him nervous. It scared him a little.Seokjin’s phone buzzed and he looked at the text: are you awake? Was a message from Namjoon.Seokjin debated, it wasn’t like he was asleep or was going to sleep anytime soon, he had his share of sleep.Why aren’t you sleeping? Seokjin replied.Can you meet me? If it’s not too much? Namjoon messaged and Seokjin sat up. He looked over at Jimin, he was still asleep. Jimin wouldn’t be up before the sun was out completely.Now? I can’t leave Jimin alone. Seokjin hit sent.I’m outside. Namjoon replied and Seokjin looked at his phone for way too long. Namjoon was here? Seokjin wasn’t sure what to think. Seokjin stood up and rushed outside. He was very well aware that it was little after four am and that the sky was still dark. There was no sunlight just the light from the moon. And that it was January and it was freezing outside. His brain knew it but his body rushed outside. Closing the door behind him silently so to not wake Jimin up. Seokjin ignored all the five messages that came on, probably from Namjoon.He opened the door to a panicked Namjoon on his phone.“What are you doing here?” Seokjin asked as soon as he closed the door behind him.“H-hi,” Namjoon replied in a shaky voice.“Hi? Namjoon, it’s four in the morning.” Seokjin’s body then realized just how cold it was. He wrapped his hands around himself and rubbed his arms.No words came out of Namjoon’s mouth. He removed the coat he was wearing and wrapped it around Seokjin, very very carefully. Made sure not to touch him in the process.“You’ll catch a cold,” Seokjin said as Namjoon gave him his coat. It still wasn’t enough and on top of that the coat smelled like Namjoon. Seokjin wanted to run.“I couldn’t sleep,” Namjoon said and stopped. Seokjin waited for him to add something but Namjoon stayed quiet.“So, you decided to drop by?” Seokjin was getting impatient.Namjoon opened his mouth and closed again, opened and closed again, he repeated this a few more times and Seokjin got frustrated, maybe the cold was getting to him.“Come inside, it’s so cold, we’ll freeze before you even utter a word,” Seokjin said and grabbed Namjoon’s sleeves and dragged him inside. Seokjin looked around, knew Taehyung’s room was too close to his and so was the living room. He dragged Namjoon into Yoongi and Jeongguk’s room.They didn’t turn the lights on, but Seokjin had a light in the living room on which gave the room enough light for them to see each other. Seokjin was scared that Jimin might wake up.“Namjoon, what are you doing here?” Seokjin asked again but this time, softly.“Did I do something wrong?” Namjoon asked and looked down. Namjoon was a confident man but in front of the older, he has never been so confident.“What?”“You wouldn’t look at me, you wouldn’t talk to me. Did I cross a line?”Seokjin understood was Namjoon was talking about and his chest went heavy, his stomach dropped. He never realized how Namjoon must have felt in all of it.“What? No, no no, you didn’t do anything wrong.” Seokjin was talking in whispers, too afraid to speak normally. Too afraid to wake Jimin up.Namjoon stayed quiet, eyes still down on his hands. “I… you wouldn’t look at me,” Namjoon repeated and Seokjin stepped closer. The silence was so tense that Seokjin was sure Namjoon would be able to heart his rapid heartbeat if he tried.“I got nervous, it was, I was, it… it was you,” Seokjin said softly.Namjoon looked up, his eyes on Seokjin and Seokjin wasn’t sure how his heart was beating faster than before.“Me?”“I wasn’t expecting it, when you… you know…”“When I kissed your cheek?” Namjoon finished for Seokjin and Seokjin gave him a shy smile.“You think I’m always expecting the forehead kisses you give me?” Namjoon asked in his defense and Seokjin looked down. A shy smile spread on his lips.“I’m… I… I am not… It’s not-”“I can stop if you want me to,” Namjoon said slowly.“No,” Seokjin said in a heartbeat. He would never want Namjoon to stop. Namjoon smiled with how fast Seokjin replied.“I mean… I guess…” Seokjin was stuttering, he was painfully aware of that.“Did I just make The Kim Seokjin shy?” Namjoon said teasingly.“Stop before I throw you out of my house,” Seokjin threatened but the blush on his face betrayed him. Namjoon laughed softly without a noise.“I thought you would be okay with, seeing how things were, I’m just… I’m sorry if it was uncalled for,” Namjoon said and Seokjin wanted to explain how Namjoon was taking all of it the wrong way.“I’m just not used to it,” Seokjin said in almost a whisper.“Maybe… maybe… we,” Namjoon tried but he couldn’t complete the sentence. His face too hot just thinking about what he was about to say.“We what?” Seokjin said instead.Namjoon knew it was now or never for him, “Maybe we can do more of it, so you get used to it.”This left Seokjin speechless, his mouth hung open just slightly before his lips spread in a shy smile.“You’re… wow… look at you, so brave and all,” Seokjin said and Namjoon smiled. Namjoon stepped forward and they were so close that it pained Seokjin how they just weren’t touching.“I’m learning from the best,” Namjoon said.Seokjin wasn’t sure what to do or say next. He just kept his eyes on Namjoon. Seokjin’s whole body was on fire. Heat spreading all over his body within a few seconds. And all of it happened just because Namjoon brushed his finger over Seokjin’s hand.“Maybe we should,” Seokjin said shyly, he hated how small his voice sounded. Namjoon was doing things to his voice now.Namjoon stayed still, he knew he got the message from Seokjin, but he still couldn’t move. It was all too much all of a sudden. Namjoon pressed his lips in a thin line and Seokjin pouted. He then leaned forward and in a flash of a second planted the softest kiss on Seokjin’s cheek. Seokjin was sure if he had his eyes closed, he would have missed the connection, that was how light the kiss was.Seokjin giggled and Namjoon laughed, Seokjin pushed his shoulder and laughed with him.“This is so stupid, we’re acting like kids who’re seeing each other behind their parent’s back. My parent is sleeping in my room and I’m letting you inside my house. This is such a teen cliche,” Seokjin said and laughed again, covered his mouth so noise escaped.Namjoon was too happy to say a word. He just kept his eyes on Seokjin and watched him laugh.“Stop looking at me like that,” Seokjin said and pushed his shoulder again.“Jin,” a very sleepy Jimin’s voice echoed in the house and Seokjin panicked.“Jimin?” Seokjin said from inside Jeongguk and Yoongi’s room. The doors were open and Seokjin was sure that if Jimin looked closely he would see Namjoon there.Namjoon used his mind and stepped deeper inside the room, into the dark.“Where are you?” Jimin was rubbing at his eyes and Seokjin walked out the room in silence, turned towards Namjoon and asked him not to make a noise.“I just needed something from the other room, I woke up to get water and thought I’d just grab it as well,” Seokjin spoke way too fast but a sleepy Jimin found it normal.“Water,” Jimin said.“What?”“Need. Water.”Seokjin rushed into the kitchen and filled a glass of water for Jimin. “You should get some rest now, we have a long day tomorrow,” Seokjin said and started pushing Jimin to his room.“Sleep with me, I get cold,” Jimin said and took a sip of water.“I’m just coming, let me turn all the lights off,” Seokjin said and Jimin turned towards Seokjin before he entered the room,“Why are you wearing a coat?” Jimin asked and Seokjin looked down, he was wearing Namjoon’s coat. Stupid Namjoon. Stupid-cute Namjoon.“I was getting cold, thought it might warm me up,” Seokjin said and it wasn’t all a lie.“Yes, it’s cold, come soon,” Jimin said and walked inside. Seokjin made sure Jimin was in the bed when he closed the door silently. He took a deep breathe, stabled himself and rushed towards the room.Seokjin grabbed Namjoon’s hand and dragged him towards the front door.“You have to leave now,” Seokjin whispered and it truly made him feel like a kid.“I’ll go, call or message me, whenever you want or whenever you can or something,” Namjoon said and tried to play it cool. He still wasn’t sure what the boundaries were.“Okay okay okay, just go now,” Seokjin said and started pushing him out the door. He would keep looking back just to make sure Jimin wasn’t out.Namjoon stepped out, a smile on his face and he opened to say something but Seokjin just grabbed Namjoon’s face, cheeks flushed on his hands and kissed Namjoon’s right cheek and then went in to plant a long and loud kiss on Namjoon’s forehead.The words died in Namjoon’s tongue.“Message me when you reach home, and never ever walk out of the house when it’s this dark and early,” Seokjin said in a rush just to stop the blush on his face. He could feel his ears turning red, body going warm.Namjoon just gave him a nod, all of it was not just new but also very unexpected. Namjoon wasn’t sure if this was how ordinary people do things but then again, Seokjin wasn’t just some ordinary man.Seokjin closed the door and rushed towards his room, when he started getting in the bed, he realized he still had the coat on. He felt bad for making Namjoon walk out just like that without a coat, even though Namjoon came in a car. He took out the coat and hung it in his closet.Stupid Namjoon, Seokjin thought and tried getting a few more hours of sleep. “Taehyung, you can’t wear this,” Jeongguk said when Taehyung got all ready to leave. They were finally going back to the house. The window in Taehyung’s room was fixed.“Why? I look good,” Taehyung said and ran his hands on his clothes.“Because that’s my shirt,” Jeongguk replied.“No one knows that.”“I know that,” Jeongguk said and rubbed his face.“I have a coat on over it, you can’t even see it,” Taehyung said and tried to button up his coat.“Just take it off, Jimin got bunch of your clothes, wear something of yours,” Jeongguk said and pointed towards the bag of clothes that laid in front of them.“You take it off of me then,” Taehyung said and spread his arms. Jeongguk blushed and said something under his breath.“What?” Taehyung asked as he couldn’t hear, a mischievous smile set on his lips.“You’re impossible.”“Shall we go then? I don’t wanna keep them waiting,” Taehyung said and walked outside of the house.The house wasn’t that far away, hardly an hour with traffic.“I talked with Hyu,” Taehyung said once they were in the car and on the road.“And?”“He acted like he cares about me,” Taehyung said and fake laughed.“Why do you think he’s acting?”“I just have a feeling; otherwise why would he be going around having sex with other people?”“Would it have made a difference?”“What?” Taehyung asked, unsure of what the question was. Jeongguk’s eyes were fixed on the road.“I mean, if he was genuinely interested and he wasn’t sleeping with others, would you have had a different response for him?”Taehyung gulped and thought for a second, “No, I still don’t want him like that.”“Like what?” Jeongguk knew he was pushing but he still wanted Taehyung to say it.“You want me to say it?” Taehyung asked.“Do you want to?”Taehyung looked around and noticed that they would be at their house in less than ten minutes and the traffic from here to his house was non-existent.“I don’t want him like I want you,” Taehyung said softly. He noticed as Jeongguk swallowed at his words. Watched as Jeongguk’s adam apple moved up and down.“I don’t want him to touch me like I want you to touch me, I don’t want him to kiss me, I don’t want his hands on me, I don’t want his lips on my neck.” Taehyung stopped and watched as the colour rose to Jeongguk’s cheeks. His mouth slightly opened but his eyes still fixed on the road.“Jeongguk?” Taehyung said softly.“Hmm,” Jeongguk was sure he wouldn’t be able to make out words from his mouth.“We were supposed to take a left, you missed the turn,” Taehyung said and pressed his lips to suppress a laugh.Jeongguk shut his eyes tight for only a fraction of a second before he took the U-turn and took the turn that was needed.They both stayed quiet. Soon they were outside the house, Jeongguk parked the car and they both still remained seated. Jeongguk took off his seatbelt and Taehyung mirrored his action.Taehyung kept his eyes on Jeongguk and Jeongguk was still looking straight outside.“You said you wanted to know,” Taehyung pouted and said in his defense. He wasn’t sure if Jeongguk was upset or what.Jeongguk turned to Taehyung and Taehyung held his breath. Jeongguk looked intense, his pupil slightly wider and his gaze looked hazy. His mouth a little open. Taehyung runs his tongue in between of his lips and noticed as Jeongguk’s eyes dropped on his lips.Taehyung counted till three and when Jeongguk didn’t make a move, he closed the distance between their lips. This kiss was unlike how they first kissed. This was passion and this was fast. The angle was awkward for Taehyung, so he lifted his body up, Jeongguk placed his hand underneath Taehyung’s thigh and pulled. Taehyung moved his legs so he was sitting on top of Jeongguk. His legs on the both sides, Jeongguk’s hands underneath Taehyung’s thighs.Taehyung locked his hands behind Jeongguk’s neck and pulled him closer to deepen the kiss. Jeongguk let out a slow moan in Taehyung’s mouth and Taehyung smiled. Taehyung pressed his whole body on Jeongguk’s and maybe it became a little too much for Jeongguk and he pulled back.Their breathes fast and heavy. Jeongguk closed his eyes and dropped his head back. Taehyung smiled at a wrecked Jeongguk. All they have done is kiss each other and Taehyung liked how undone Jeongguk looked just then.“We should get inside before someone catches us,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk opened his eyes.“You’re gonna get me in trouble one day,” Jeongguk said nervously and rubbed his face. They laughed lightly. Smiles on both of their faces.“It’s not my fault you get turned on by seeing me in your clothes,” Taehyung teased as he got back to the passenger’s seat.Jeongguk wanted to say a lot of things, how it wasn’t just his clothes and how they were just a bonus. But he stayed quiet. Stayed silent otherwise Taehyung would be too fast to use them against him.They walked out of the car and walked inside the house. Jimin, Hoseok and Seokjin were already there.“Where’s Namjoon and Yoongi?” Jimin asked and moved over to hug Taehyung.“They would be here by the evening, had some work at the office,” Jeongguk replied and walked over to the kitchen to get some water. His throat was getting dry.“What’s the plan for today?” Taehyung said and sat down next to Seokjin, he has missed him.“Nothing, I’ve already cooked lunch and I’ve made enough to go for the second round, so everyone’s having dinner and lunch here.”“I got us all some alcohol,” Hoseok said and pointed towards the refrigerator.“I really needed that,” Jimin said and laid down with his head on Taehyung’s lap. Taehyung started playing with Jimin’s hair. When Namjoon and Yoongi arrived, it was already nine at night. “What took you you so long? I’m starving,” Taehyung said and moved towards the kitchen to get dinner, everyone followed him.“Sorry, we had some things to run at the office,” Namjoon said, tried his best not to look at Seokjin. Things weren’t complicated but he was sure if he looked at him, Namjoon would smile and that would give away way too much information then he would want.They all ate their lunch with small talks, about the case, about how Taehyung had been and how life without Taehyung had been for Seokjin.Yoongi briefed them about the case, mentioned how they’re looking at everyone who was present at the party and left out how Jimin is one of the suspects.Taehyung briefed them of his stay at Jeongguks, mentioned how rude Jeongguk was and how even when Taehyung had no clothes of his own Jeongguk asked him not to wear his clothes. He left out the kissing and confessions.Seokjin briefed them how loudly Jimin slept last night and how Jimin needs food every few hours. He left out where he sneaked Namjoon in the house and soft kisses were exchanged.“I’m just gonna go start with the drinks, I don’t know what everyone’s plan is,” Jimin said and went to get the drinks from the refrigerator.“Get me one,” Taehyung said, followed by Jeongguk, Seokjin and Namjoon. Hoseok looked over at Yoongi and asked, “Aren’t you gonna have one?”Yoongi shook his head, he had limited his alcohol intake since Yeoun, which not only had been good for his health but also for his head. Yoongi’s hangovers were bad. In the past as well he has tried to limit his intake but like people say, a kid truly changes you.“Hoseok? Yoongi?” Jimin said from the refrigerator.“I’m good, just get me sprite or something,” Hoseok said and Jimin got him Coke instead. Hoseok was too good in a mood to complain.They all drank with laughter, as their body started going light. Laughing while drinking is contagious and that’s only a fact. Soon it became a laughing competition of who can laugh the loudest. Yoongi just rolled his eyes and Hoseok laughed at them.Hoseok saw the drunk situation as an opportunity to go sit next to Yoongi, they had been sitting parallel to each other throughout the night, which just made the conversations difficult. Hoseok stood up to get a glass of water and instead or going to sit next to Jeongguk, where he originally was, he sat next to Yoongi and Yoongi’s body stiffened.“They won’t notice.” Hoseok whispered and leaned a little closer to Yoongi. Yoongi concentrated on his breathing instead of how Hoseok’s arm was touching his own.Yoongi wasn’t a man of many words but he wanted to talk to Hoseok.“Your brother is with her?” Hoseok asked instead, a little scared to actually say the name out loud.“Yeah,” Yoongi replied with a smile and added, “She was asking for you in the morning.”“She was?” Hoseok’s face lit up.“She literally asked me where ‘Hobi’ is?” Hoseok smiles brighter hearing this from Yoongi.“You better not steal her away from me,” Yoongi said lightly and Hoseok looked at him with a soft smile.“Wow, who would have known that the whole Min family is whipped for me,” Hoseok joked and Yoongi rolled his eyes with a smile on his face.“So, how are we gonna do this?” Hoseok asked next.“What do you mean?”“Are we not gonna do it again till she gives us her blessings?” Hoseok asked and Yoongi looked at him in confusion.“Are we gonna kiss or not?” Hoseok leaned over and asked and it gave Yoongi goosebumps.“You wanna kiss me?” Yoongi was stupid to ask.“I thought I made my intentions clear.”“I… I don’t want things to move too fast, I wanna take it on a slow pace for her sake,” Yoongi added. He has thought a lot about Hoseok, especially last night. He had thought of how he would want to kiss the boy next to him senselessly.“I have a deal... or more like a plan,” Hoseok said and Yoongi gave him a nod to go on.“How about we just kiss once a day,” Hoseok said and Yoongi frowned with confusion.“You mean like, one kiss every twenty-four hours?” Yoongi asked.“No, I mean more like we kiss once every day, one kiss on Monday, another on Tuesday, so we don’t have to keep up with the time and believe me, it’s extremely slow,” Hoseok said and there was a request in his voice.“I don’t think it’ll harm anyone,” Yoongi said shyly with a brave face.“I wanna kiss you now, Min Yoongi,” Hoseok leaned and whispered his Yoongi’s ear.Yoongi swallowed visibly, no one was looking at them, they were all so wasted that they were busy with themselves.“Here?” Yoongi asked but he wouldn’t look at Hoseok, he was sure their faces would be too close.“In your room?” Hoseok eyed the vacant room and Yoongi gave a small hesitant nod. He was nervous.Hoseok stood up and walked towards the room without hesitation, no one noticed. Yoongi stayed still for a while, had a sip of water that Hoseok got and then he stood up.“I’ll go check on a file in my room,” Yoongi said to the crowd who was busy among themselves. No one paid attention.Yoongi walked inside the room and closed the door. Hoseok smiled at him and Yoongi smiled nervously in return.“If you don’t wanna do it, we don’t have to do it,” Hoseok said to comfort Yoongi.“I’m just nervous,” Yoongi said and ran his hands through his hair, there was no point in lying. “I wanna do it,” he added.“Good, because I’ve been dying to kiss you,” Hoseok and closed the gap between them. His right hand on Yoongi’s neck and his left hand moved in Yoongi’s hair. Yoongi caught Hoseok’s arm for support. Leaned up as Hoseok leaned down to run his tongue on Yoongi’s bottom lips.Yoongi’s heat was going wild and his cheeks were flushed. Yoongi slid his hands down and placed them on Hoseok’s waist and pulled him closer. With that move, Hoseok smiled in the kiss which just made Yoongi smile. Hoseok pulled back to look at Yoongi and smiled at Yoongi’s red plump lips. “You’re beautiful,” Hoseok said softly to Yoongi and Yoongi looked down. Shy enough to not look at him.“Shut up,” Yoongi said in response, his voice a little shaky.Hoseok laughed and added, “You’re cute.”“I should be saying that,” Yoongi said softly.“Then say it,” Hoseok said in almost a whisper and Yoongi bit his lips. He looked at Hoseok and as soon as he was about to say something, the door opened.They both jumped and stood far away from each other.“There you are,” Jeongguk said as his eyes landed on Yoongi. “We’re out of alcohol,” he said and pouted.“You’re hammered, we don’t need more,” Yoongi said and walked over to him to push him out. Jeongguk leaned on Yoongi and lead him out of the room. Hoseok followed.“We all should get some sleep, it’s already too late and we’re out of drinks,” Hoseok said and when Yoongi looked at his hair he hoped and prayed no one would remember. He mouthed at Hoseok to fix his hair when no one was watching.“Where are we gonna sleep? I can’t drive back?” Namjoon asked.“Hoseok and I will take my room, Jimin and Seokjin can share a room like they did before and as Taehyung has the biggest bed, you, him and Jeongguk would fit on it,” Yoongi said and hoped no one noticed how he made the plan.“I wanna sleep with Tae, I have missed him,” Jimin said and hugged Taehyung.“Well, then Jeongguk can sleep in Seokjin’s room and Jimin can be in Taehyung’s.” Yoongi wanted either Seokjin or Namjoon to object to that. He had noticed how they have stolen glances at each other and he just wanted to see who would snap.“I think I should be in Taehyung,” a very drunk and a very whipped Jeongguk said.“In my ‘room’,” Taehyung corrected and smiled. “Not in me.”“I wouldn’t mind,” Jeongguk said, very drunk and unembarrassed.“Disgusting, keep it in your pants for one night,” Seokjin said and took Namjoon’s hand and lead him to his room.Hoseok and Yoongi walked towards Yoongi’s room and Jimin walked towards Taehyung’s room.“I’ll get the lights,” Jeongguk said and turned off all the lights, went to check the main door to check if it’s locked or not and then walked over to Taehyung.“I like you in my clothes,” Jeongguk said as he stood face to face with Taehyung and tugged at the shirt.“We’ve already made that discovery,” Taehyung chuckled and playfully rolled his eyes.“I think you’re the most breathtaking man in this world,” Jeongguk said and wrapped his arms around Taehyung’s waist and Taehyung giggled.“You’re just saying that to get in my pants,” Taehyung joked and Jeongguk laughed. Jeongguk’s laugh was beautiful, beautiful in the way it made Taehyung’s heart warm, it made Taehyung happy and Taehyung liked being happy.“Is it working?” Jeongguk asked playfully.“If you weren’t this drunk and there wasn’t a drunk Jimin in my room, maybe it would have worked.” Taehyung kissed Jeongguk’s nose.“You’re gonna spoil me,” Jeongguk said and blinked softly at Taehyung. Taehyung wanted to believe that Jeongguk was happy as well.“Let’s go, we have to sleep, maybe tonight you’ll cuddle me.” Taehyung held Jeongguk’s hand and lead him to his room where they found Park Jimin laid down in between of the bed.“Or maybe I’ll be the one cuddling a sleepy Jimin,” Taehyung added and closed the door behind them.Seokjin and Namjoon on the other hand just sat on the opposite edges of the bed.“What?” Seokjin said when Namjoon wouldn’t stop looking at him.“What what?” Namjoon asked.“You’re being weird, just sleep, okay?” Seokjin said and stood up from the bed but Namjoon held his wrist, he pulled him down so they were sitting side by side. Namjoon turned to look at Seokjin.“Can you stop looking at me like that?” Seokjin said and moved Namjoon’s face, Namjoon looked back again.“What? Why?”“You’re making me nervous,” Seokjin said with a laugh.“Seokjin,” Namjoon said softly and it warmed Seokjin’s heart.“Namjoon,” Seokjin said in the same tone.“Jinnie,” Namjoon said and Seokjin laughed.“Joonie,” Seokjin said and Namjoon laughed.“I like it when you call me Joonie,” Namjoon confessed.Seokjin’s heart raced. Namjoon kept his eyes fixed on Seokjin and then he leaned into Seokjin but before their lips could meet, Seokjin pulled back and pressed his lips.“Oh, I’m… I’m sorry-”“No no no, Namjoon, no,” Seokjin said before Namjoon could feel guilty or embarrassed.“I just thought.”“I wanna kiss you too, Joonie.”“Then why?” Namjoon looked at him in confusion.“You’re drunk, you’re highly intoxicated and I don’t want our first kiss to be under the influence,” Seokjin said honestly.“I’m not that drunk,” Namjoon murmured. Seokjin bit his lips so not to say how every drunk person has said that.“We should get some rest for now,” Seokjin said and stood up.“I don’t think I’ll have the courage to kiss you when I’m sober,” Namjoon said in all honesty.“Well, all you have to do is give me a hint and I’ll take the lead,” Seokjin replied with all honesty.“I… I li… You’re nice, Seokjin. You’re good.” Namjoon rubbed his neck. Seokjin smiled.“Let’s get some sleep, okay?”“I think I should sleep in Yoongi’s room instead.”“Why?”“I’m drunk,” Namjoon admitted, “and I don’t wanna do or say anything which I’ll forget when I’m sober,” and added.Seokjin lead Namjoon to Yoongi’s room.Right before Namjoon and Seokjin entered, Yoongi and Hoseok had been discussing Hoseok’s plan. Now that they have already kissed and it was two am, that meant that according to the rule, they could only kiss after the next midnight.“No,” Hoseok said firmly. “Today was a just an example of how and what we have to do, this doesn’t count.”Yoongi smiled, “So eager to kiss me again?”“If I say yes will you not count today’s?”“If you say yes, I’ll be down on my knees,” Yoongi said and pressed his lips to suppress a laugh. Hoseok’s mouth hung open, he grabbed the nearest pillow and threw it as hard as he could at Yoongi.“You can’t say such things,” Hoseok yelled in the quiet room and Yoongi laughed.“How are you gonna stop me? You can’t even kiss me,” Yoongi said and rolled his eyes.“I never knew you were such a tease, I’m reconsidering all of it,” Hoseok joked.“How are we gonna sleep? Which side do you prefer?”“Is this you trying to get to know me better?”“This is me trying to see where I should sleep,” Yoongi replied and Hoseok gave him a pout.“Yeoun sleeps well without you?” Hoseok asked and Yoongi moved over to sit on the bed.“Most of the times, yeah. Like, she’s good with my brother and his girlfriend, she’s also okay with Namjoon and Jeongguk. So, whenever it’s any of those four there, she’s okay. She would make them call me before she would go to bed.”“Did she call today?” Hoseok asked.“I put her to bed tonight, that’s why we got here so late,” Yoongi answered.“I hope she’ll get comfortable with me as well,” Hoseok said shyly. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to show Yoongi just how badly he wanted Yeoun’s approval.“I wish I had an answer for that.”“What if… what if she doesn’t like me?” Hoseok asked and before Yoongi could reply the door opened and Namjoon and Seokjin appeared.“He’s too drunk to be sleeping with me, otherwise, he’ll actually sleep with me,” Seokjin said as soon as he entered.“I’ll come with you, it’s okay,” Hoseok stood up from his spot and walked over to Seokjin.“Goodnight, Yoongi,” he said softly and Yoongi murmured the same words back.Hoseok turned and left. Namjoon went to straight to the bed.“Well, I’ll be in my room, goodnight, Yoongi,” Seokjin said.“Seokjin,” Yoongi said hesitantly.“Hmm, yeah,” Seokjin turned.“Thanks.”“What? Why?” Seokjin asked in confusion.“You’re good for him,” Yoongi said and pointed towards a passed out Namjoon on the bed. Yoongi had been friends with Namjoon the longest, they’ve been best friends for so long that the sudden positive change in Namjoon hadn’t gone unnoticed by Yoongi.“Oh, I… He’s a nice guy,” Seokjin said shyly.“He’s stupid but he’s very smart,” Yoongi said and hoped Seokjin understood. Seokjin gave him a nod and with a small bow of his head, he was out the room.Yoongi went to bed but he couldn’t sleep, couldn’t stop thinking about his kiss with Hoseok. Couldn’t stop thinking about Hoseok.His train of thoughts got broken when his phone buzzed. Park Jimin, written as the caller’s name.“Hello?” Yoongi answered.The line was silent, Yoongi wondered if Jimin drunk dialed him or just dialed him by accident.“Hello?” Yoongi said again.“Hello, Yoongi,” Jimin said and Yoongi’s stomach dropped.“Why are you calling? You’re literally a room away,” Yoongi said. He was sure Namjoon was fast asleep, he wouldn’t hear.“I don’t wanna wake Tae up,” Jimin replied. Yoongi tried to understand if Jimin was drunk or not but he just couldn’t pinpoint it.“What do you want Mr. Park, it’s really late,” Yoongi used his professional tone, tried to intimidate the other man but Jimin laughed.“Oh, is this how we’re doing it?” Jimin laughed again and added, “Go out on a cup of coffee with me, Mr. Min.”“Why?” Yoongi asked, it seemed so unlike Jimin but then again, he hardly knew Jimin.“Why not?”“I’m busy.”“I’m sure you can make some time for me,” Jimin said and Yoongi paused.“Where?” Yoongi asked.“Now, that’s the answer I was looking for, how about that new coffee place that opened right by Hoseok’s place,” Jimin said and something in Yoongi unsettled as he spoke Hoseok’s name.“Why there?”“Hoseok said they have the best muffins and I wanna try one,” Jimin replied.“What time?”“How about five?” Jimin asked and Yoongi thought of Yeoun, he would have to ask his brother to take care of her again.“Okay.”“It’s settled then, it’s a date. Oh, and don’t bring Jeongguk and Namjoon. I just wanna see you,” Jimin hung up before Yoongi could deny it.The whole night Yoongi couldn’t sleep. His thoughts split between Jimin and Hoseok. He wasn’t sure if he should mention it to Namjoon or Jeongguk and he wasn’t sure how Hoseok would see it. Jimin was their friend now, all of theirs friend.Jimin wanted to see him. Yoongi kept repeating the conversation in his head to make sense of it. Jimin has noticed Hoseok and Yoongi together. Yoongi was sure Jimin, as he was close to Hoseok, knew of Hoseok’s feelings towards Yoongi. Or, were those things never discussed with them?Should Yoongi inform Hoseok of the said ‘date’ or just see what Jimin wants? Yoongi couldn’t sleep that night.



Chapter End Notes
This chapter is dedicated to  Dee, I was supposed to post this on her birthday but she asked me to post early as she couldn't wait, lmao.But I hope you enjoyed this. I had so much fun writing this. And i'm so sorry for such less Taekook. but there's so much that needs to happen that i just had to focus on namjin and yoonseok.PROTECT JIMIN AT ALL COSTS.tell me how you feel?! what do you think of the chapter. tell me everything, uwu.


Chapter 8
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





“Where’s Jimin?” someone said.

“I asked, where’s Jimin?” That someone sounded a lot like Yoongi but Taehyung was too deep in his sleep to check.

“Here,” Taehyung mumured.

“Where, Taehyung?” Yoongi’s raise his voice to get his attention. Taehyung opened his eyes and blinked a few times to focus. He looked around and there was no one on the bed, just him.

“He was here, with me and Jeongguk,” Taehyung said in confusion.

“Did he not tell you before he left?” Yoongi asked and Taehyung sat up. He shook his head and Yoongi left. Taehyung was sure they all went to bed soon after the drinks. He checked his phone and it was almost nine in the morning. He wanted to sleep, get more rest. He forced himself up and went to the washroom. He cleaned himself up, brushed his teeth and went to the kitchen for breakfast, he was hungry.

He noticed Seokjin’s bedroom’s door was open and he went to sneak in.

“No one’s home,” came a voice and it startled Taehyung.

“What the hell is wrong with you?” Taehyung yelled and grabbed his chest.

“You are the one sneaking around in other people’s bedroom.”

“He’s my brother.”

“And he deserves his own privacy.”

“Jeongguk, what the hell, I have a fragile heart!” Taehyung said instead and walked over to Jeongguk who was on the couch, he had the newspaper laid down next to him, must have put it there when he noticed Taehyung.

“And why are you up so early?” Jeongguk asked, he sat up straight to look up at Taehyung and Taehyung ran a lazy hand through Jeongguk’s hair.

“Yoongi woke me up, was asking about Jimin. Where is everyone?” Taehyung then lowered his hand and ran his thumb lightly over Jeongguk’s scar on his cheeks.

“Jimin and Hoseok left early for work and classes, Namjoon and Seokjin, I don’t really know where they are, I just saw them leave together so I assumed they have work? And then Yoongi left just now.”

“So, it’s just you and me?”

Jeongguk smirked and then smiled, “It’s just us.”

Taehyung straddled Jeongguk and held him by his neck. Taehyung shifted a few times before he found a comfortable position.

“Taehyung,” Jeongguk said breathily.

“Jeongguk,” Taehyung said and looked him straight in the eyes. Taehyung has always noticed how older Jeongguk looks when he was out and about, when he was doing his job. But with him, alone, he always looked younger. He looked his age, he looked like a man who wanted to be worshiped and Taehyung wants to worship him.

Before Jeongguk could open his mouth to say a word, Taehyung leaned in and pressed their lips together. They always kissed like they were chasing a deadline. They always kissed like the world was about to end. They always kissed like they were running out of time.

Taehyung deepened the kiss and grabbed at Jeongguk’s hair and Jeongguk pulled back.

“What? Why? You don’t like it?” Taehyung whined and pouted.

“We can’t do this, not here, it’s your house,” Jeongguk threw his head back with a sigh and Taehyung took it as an invitation to kiss down Jeongguk’s neck. Jeongguk let him for just a few seconds before he asked him to stop and Taehyung sat on the side.

“It’s my house and I want this, if that’s what you’re concerned about.”

“No, it’s… it’s your house and it’s my workplace,” Jeongguk said and looked down at his hands.

“Does that bother you?” Taehyung asked softly, he wasn’t judging but if it was something that concerned Jeongguk then he wanted to know.

“Kinda, it just… it feels wrong.”

“Sure, didn’t feel wrong when you just grabbed my ass,” Taehyung said sarcastically. “Okay, so no touching at my house, I get it,” Taehyung said and held up his hands in surrender.

“Have you had breakfast yet?” Taehyung asked to change the subject.

“I was waiting for you,” Jeongguk replied softly and Taehyung smiled.

“You’re so annoying, come, let’s eat. What’s the schedule for today?” Taehyung asked as he walked towards the kitchen.

“I heard your dad is gonna be back this week. Namjoon, Yoongi and I have to show him the progress and everything and who do we suspect and things like that.”

“So, who do you suspect?” Taehyung asked.

“Yoongi is working on it. He has some… some… interviews scheduled for today. So, he’ll take care of it all. Oh and before I forget, I need a list of all the people you’ve been in touch with over the year. Like, even those creepy people who just won’t stop messaging.”

“Are you that jealous?” Taehyung teased.

“Oh, how I wish it was the jealousy,” Jeongguk said and kissed Taehyung’s cheeks before he moved to the other side to get himself some water.

“Hey, you said no touching,” Taehyung said with a smile spread on his lips.

“You’re irresistible, Kim Taehyung,” Jeongguk wanted it to come out as a joke but you could hear the honesty in it.

“What are we doing here?” Seokjin asked. As soon as he got up, Namjoon asked him if he could join him outside. When Seokjin started walking about, Namjoon said it would be best if he changes into warmer clothes as they might have to go across the street to some shop. Seokjin did. And now they stood outside an expensive restaurant.

“We’re here for brunch,” Namjoon said nonchalantly.

“Namjoon,” Seokjin said firmly. His eyes still fixed on the restaurant.

“Let’s just get in and eat something, if you don’t like it, we can always leave.”

“You don’t like my food?”

“What?”

Seokjin turned to face Namjoon, “You knew I would make breakfast, is this why we’re here? Because you don’t wanna eat my breakfast.”

“No, of course that’s not the case.”

“Then why are we here?” Seokjin sounded a little sad and Namjoon wasn’t fond of that tone.

“I… I didn’t know how to ask you out, I wanted to have a meal with you… just you.” Namjoon looked down. His heart rate went up. This felt like too close to a confession.

“Is this a date?” Seokjin turned to Namjoon and said softly.

“I mean, it doesn’t have to be-”

“Thank God, because I wouldn’t want our first date to be like this, I thought we were just going to a shop and dressed according to that and not according to a five-star restaurant.”

“You don’t oppose a date with me?”

“Have I ever made it sound like I don’t enjoy your company?” Seokjin asked and Namjoon just smiled. They walked in and Namjoon got them a table.

The place was big, of course that’s what you expect from an overpriced five-star restaurants. They sat near an open area because Namjoon wanted to look at the view.

“So, what do you wanna have?” Namjoon asked as he flipped through the menu.

“Everything is so expensive, no,” Seokjin went through the price.

“Please, I earn enough to spend it on good food,” Namjoon said and Seokjin smirked. “Show off,” Seokjin mumbled under his breath.

“Do you want something heavy or light?” Namjoon asked.

“I like it when my mouth is full of food. Because when I swallow, a large amount of it goes down. And it feels like I’m almost going to choke. I really like that feeling. So, heavy,” Seokjin said casually and flipped another page.

Ironically Namjoon choked. And Seokjin looked at him funny. “W-what?” Namjoon said in disbelief.

“I was telling you how I like things, I wanna eat heavy today, you?” Seokjin smiled and Namjoon could swear that Kim Seokjin would be the end of him.

Seokjin excused himself for a bathroom break while Namjoon ordered and when he got back he noticed a man sitting in his chair. Seokjin stopped by Namjoon and smiled.

“Seokjin, he’s Mr. Choi, he’ll be joining us,” Namjoon said politely and Seokjin greeted him. He looked around and a waiter got him a chair as well.

The thing about big restaurants are that they have huge tables, so the three of them sitting at one wasn't crowded.

“Am I interrupting a date?” Mr. Choi said and Namjoon laughed lightly.

“He’s a good friend,” Namjoon said politely.

“I won't lie, I’m here to convince your friend to take our offer,” Mr. Choi said to Seokjin and Seokjin then looked at Namjoon in confusion.

“He has some of the best guys working for him. And we need help, our business is growing at a massive rate and we need security. The competition is threatened.”

“This sounds like a good offer though, you should always be up for a new challenge,” Seokjin said enthusiastically.

“I like this youngman, you should learn a little from him,” Mr. Choi said to Namjoon and Seokjin turned to smile at him and that's when he noticed his posture. He sat straight, his chest out and his shoulders firm, a smile on his face that looked painful.

“I’ll teach him a thing or two,” Seokjin said and placed his hand on Namjoon’s knee under the table. Namjoon turned to look at Seokjin and Seokjin just smiled a him. Seokjin rubbed his thumb in a circle over Namjoon’s knee and Namjoon dropped his shoulders visibly.

“It’ll be really hard, Sir. Like I’ve mentioned before, we already have a lot on our plate, I don’t have enough manpower to help you out right now,” Namjoon said apologetically.

“You can drop some,” Mr. Choi suggested and Seokjin looked at him.

“I’m afraid that’s not possible, we’ve already signed contracts with them,” Namjoon said.

“I’ll cover the cancellation cost. You don’t have to worry about it,” Mr. Choi suggested and it made Seokjin uncomfortable.

“Sir, you seem like someone with a lot of money, Namjoon is really clumsy, you can do better,” Seokjin said and leaned towards Mr. Choi, his hand still firm on Namjoon’s knee.

“You’re smart, boy,” Mr. Choi laughed.

“He even got his hand injured last week, I don’t think he’s up for a challenge like you,” Seokjin added and Mr. Choi laughed. Namjoon just smiled.

“Keep him around,” Mr. Choi said as he stood up to attend a call. He turned towards the two of them and said, “I’ll get going now, wife is on the call, it’ll be long. Namjoon, do call me if there’s an update.”

They said goodbyes and Seokjin went to sit in front of Namjoon like before.

“Do you still wanna eat?” Seokjin asked.

“Can we go home?” Namjoon asked instead.

“Sure, do you want me to cancel our order?” Seokjin asked.

“I’ll ask them to pack it up, we can eat at home,” Namjoon said and Seokjin looked at him in confusion.

“A friend of mine is a manager here, he’ll do us the favour.” Namjoon stood up and Seokjin followed him out.

As they walked out Seokjin held out his hand, “Keys.”

“I can drive,” Namjoon said.

“And so can I, give me the keys.”

“I’m fine, I can really drive,” Namjoon said and pulled out his keys.

“Kim Namjoon, keys. Now.” Namjoon walked towards Seokjin and handed him the keys.

“Now was that really that hard?” Seokjin said as he sat down.

“You can be very dominant,” Namjoon said lightly.

“Yeah and I don’t mind being dominated as well,” Seokjin said and Namjoon just laughed. Namjoon liked this part of him. How Seokjin would just make him feel at ease without knowing.

“Are you dropping hints? First the choking and now this?” Namjoon asked as he reached for his seatbelt.

“Hints for what? The way you’re talking it’s like you’ll tie me up on the bed and I’ll enjoy it,” Seokjin said and smirked.

“I don’t know why I thought that maybe this time I’d get you,” Namjoon said as he laughed. He rubbed his face a smile on his face.

“No no, go straight,” Namjoon said as Seokjin turned the indicator for a right.

“Where are we going?” Seokjin asked and Namjoon remained silent.

“There will be too many people at your place right now,” Namjoon said.

“Are we… no… are we going to your place?” Seokjin asked and turned to steal a glance at Namjoon.

“We don’t have to if you don’t want to.”

“Why would you do this to me?” Seokjin yelled and Namjoon dropped his head back.

“I’m sorry, it’s a bad idea. Let’s just go back-”

“You’re taking me to all these important places and I haven’t even prepared myself for any of it.”

“You look amazing, if that’s what you’re wondering.”

“I know I look amazing, that was the least of my concern. I just… I wasn’t mentally prepared for any of it.”

Namjoon very hesitantly placed his hand on Seokjin’s headrest and touched Seokjin’s ear. “You’ll be okay.”

Within seconds Seokjin’s ear turned red, prominent red colour, not pink, red.

“Wow, so that’s your weakness,” Namjoon said and laughed. Seokjin kept his eyes on the road and took directions from Namjoon every now and then.

“What?”

“You like touches. I’ve noticed it before as well.” Namjoon was smiling.

“Shut up. I don’t like touches from everyone.” Seokjin sat straight.

“Should I consider myself special?” Namjoon turned to face Seokjin. That was the advantage he had at the passenger’s side. He could look and just look without interruption.

“I’ve  literally been with you since last night. That should speak for itself,” Seokjin said and Namjoon could see a hint of smile on his face.

“We didn’t spend the night together though.”

“Because your drunk ass couldn’t handle me,” Seokjin said and mock laughed.

“I’m sober now,” Namjoon said softly.

“I’m driving, Kim Namjoon, do you want to cause an accident,” Seokjin yelled. Namjoon stayed quiet for the rest of the drive. 

They reach Namjoon’s apartment and it was huge. Way bigger than Jeongguk’s but a little smaller than Taehyung’s.

“Impressive, right?” Namjoon nudged Seokjin’s shoulder and pushed him in.

“You do work hard, I see,” Seokjin said and ran his eyes all over the place. It reminded him of Jeongguk’s. The place looked good, tidy but not lived in.

“Do you even come here?” Seokjin asked.

“Sometimes, whenever I finish work on time,” Namjoon mentioned. “I generally stay at my office, there’s a room inside my office, and it’s pretty decent as well.”

“So, you don’t sleep at this mansion but choose to sleep in that office?”

“If you say it like that.”

“If I had a place like this, I would always come back home,” Seokjin said and turned towards Namjoon, he then realized just how close they stood. Face just inches apart but neither of them moved away.

“I can give you a key and then I’ll have a reason to come back home,” Namjoon said in almost a whisper. Seokjin felt dizzy. He wasn’t sure if Namjoon’s voice was supposed to sound that serious, he tried to find a joke in it but Namjoon’s eyes were fixed on him.

‘Kiss me,’ Seokjin wanted to say but instead he said, “You shouldn’t work this hard, get some rest. Your body will last longer.” Seokjin moved back and looked around the room.

He was nervous.

“What’s the deal with Mr. Choi? He seemed off,” Seokjin asked instead and played went ahead to sit on the couch.

“Ah, that. Well, when we started, he contacted me. Yoongi and I got super excited because it was a huge deal to us, Mr. Choi’s business is big and he is was paying us thrice the amount of money we expected. We had around ten guys back then. All trained and certified.” Namjoon went ahead and sat on the other side of the couch.

“We made a contract for them and sent it over, they replied pretty fast, almost within a day. They asked if it’s okay if they can merge their and our contracts together and offer us a new one. And we were fine with it.”

Seokjin noticed the distance between them but doesn’t mention it.

“We took a look at the contract and found that they have removed a whole clause from the contract, where we’ve mentioned that if we ever found any illegal activity in the business, we’re obliged to take it to the cops.” This had Seokjin’s whole attention. He folded his hands and tilted his head.

“Yeah and we asked about it, why it wasn’t mentioned and they said they must have forgotten about it, so they sent a new one. But they changed the clause, it read if we ever found something illegal, we’ll have to report it to their legal team and they’ll take action. We can’t go to the cops because they see it as us leaking information to the third party.”

“Did you get your lawyers to have a look at it? Can they do this?” Seokjin asked.

“We were a startup, we couldn’t afford a real lawyer. Yoongi, Jeongguk and I were the lawyers, we would search up everything, every word that looked suspicious, every phrase that seemed off. We used to take days just going through the contracts.”

“Did you tell him you wouldn’t do it? Is that why he was there today?”

“We told them we didn’t think our ideas on the contract matches. Yoongi suggested that we work at least a month and get the money and just say we can’t do it now, the money was really good. But Jeongguk just wasn’t comfortable, so we decided to just not do it. I told him and he got… weird. He started yelling in a very professional, sophisticated manner and as I was going out I saw a bag of guns, unzipped and I guess he noticed that I noticed. He started sending his men to look out on us.”

“What the hell!”

“Yeah, like we shifted places at least five to six times before I went back to him and I told him that we don’t wanna be involved. He said that he wanted me to sign a contract. It was just so that I’ll never open my mouth over what I saw and I said I’ll never tell a soul. He said if I tell anyone, he’ll go after the people I cherish and I signed. He made Yoongi and Jeongguk sign it as well.”

“That’s… that must have been hard.”

“Yoongi was pissed, he was so pissed, he legitimately wanted to do something. He hated it all, but Jeongguk talked him into signing. The cops can’t give us protection no matter how much they say they can. Being in the field I’m in, you have to put a blindfold on at times.” Namjoon said and ran his hands through his hair.

“Well, I haven’t seen his men ever since that day, so we both are keeping our ends of that contract. He is also one of the reason we keep our families on the low.” Namjoon walked over to the kitchen and got himself a glass of water.

“Well, he also said to not tell a soul and you told me,” Seokjin said, tried to change the topic towards a lighter end.

“Well, be on the lookout, he might come for you now.”

It took Seokjin a fraction of second before he understood what Namjoon meant by that. Namjoon has said he would come for the people he cherish and the smile on Namjoon’s face was clear to indicate he did that on purpose.

“Can you stop flirting with me?” Seokjin yelled. His ears went red and Namjoon laughed.

“You’re one to say,” Namjoon said and Seokjin stood up.

“How many rooms are here? Your house really looks big.” Seokjin changed the topic.

“Wow, so we’re doing that now. Well why don’t you give yourself a tour? See what you find, I’ll reheat the food. I’m starving.”

Seokjin gave him a nod and went ahead. Namjoon kept his eyes on Seokjin till Seokjin disappeared in one of the rooms. He went back to reheating. Almost slipped the knife which should have had nothing to do with the routine. Once the microwave beeped the final second, he called out for Seokjin but got no response.

“Jin?” Namjoon called out again.

“Jinnie?” Namjoon raised his voice and yet no reply.

“Don’t tell me you got lost? My house isn’t that big,” Namjoon said and walked towards the room he saw Seokjin got in. The room was empty.

He walked towards the other one and said, “The food is gonna go cold. Keep reheating food isn’t good for health. You should know better.”

No response and another empty room. Then he went inside his room and said, “I swear if you Jump-”

“Bhoo,” Seokjin yelled and Namjoon looked at him with big eyes. He looked just as shaken as Seokjin expected and Seokjin couldn’t stop laughing.

“This is not funny,” Namjoon said and walked towards Seokjin who was still laughing like it was the best things he has seen in ages.

“You should have seen your face.”

“I wanna kiss yours,” Namjoon gathered all his courage when he said that.

Seokjin stopped laughing, he looked at him, his expressions unreadable.

“Then do it,” Seokjin said. He wished it sounded confident and not nervous.

Namjoon walked in one swift moment and slammed Seokjin into the wall. Maybe used a little too much force because Seokjin’s head bangged into the wall. It wasn’t painful but you could hear it.

“Namjoon,” Seokjin yelled and rubbed at his head, Namjoon rushed his hands to Seokjin’s head as well and started rubbing.

“I’m so sorry, I… I got nervous.,” Namjoon said as he rubbed Seokjin’s head and Seokjin laughed.

“I’m so sorry, I messed up. I just… I didn’t… I thought you would like-” Seokjin pressed his lips to Namjoon’s. Namjoon’s hand already in Seokjin’s hair and Seokjin moved his hands towards Namjoon’s neck. Namjoon was surprised. Mostly because he thought he lost his only chance but then he moved his body.

Pressed his body into Seokjin’s and moved Seokjin backwards. This time, he didn’t bang Seokjin’s head in the wall. His moved his hand out of Seokjin’s hair and placed them of both sides of Seokjin’s head. He deliberately pressed his body into Seokjin again, this time with a little weight and Seokjin’s grip tighten around Namjoon’s neck, he pulled him in as well and Namjoon smiled.

Then the microwave spoke up and Seokjin laughed, loudly, his lips still ghosting on Namjoon’s. Namjoon pulled back a little and he could swore he had never seen a man this breathtaking in this life.

“You could have at least shut that microwave of yours,” Seokjin said and looked at Namjoon and Namjoon felt shy, he looked down and just smiled.

“Come, let’s eat, you said you were hungry,” Seokjin said and pulled at Namjoon’s sleeve.

Namjoon felt a little dizzy with all of it. Kim Seokjin. Him.
 
Namjoon’s phone rang just as they walked out the room. “Hey Yoongi,” Namjoon said, clearly in a happy mood.

“I would ask why you’re so happy but I need to ask something urgently, are you free?” Yoongi asked.

“You mean free to talk?” Namjoon got serious. Yoongi never called to just talk.

“No, am I stupid? No, free as in to look after Yeoun?” Yoongi asked and Namjoon looked over at Seokjin who was getting the plates.

“I mean, I’m home with Seokjin, but if you need me, I can come over.”

“Seokjin’s at your house?” Yoongi asked.

“Yeah, we’re just about to have lunch.”

“I don’t know if I need an update on that as well or not. But it’s okay, enjoy with him or him, however you both want it, I support it,” Yoongi said and Namjoon was glad Seokjin couldn’t hear it.

“Why don’t you ask Hoseok? You told him about her, so why not? I know your brother’s at work right now.”

“I don’t think Hoseok would want that.”

“Let him decide.”

Yoongi soon hung up.

Yoongi was anxious, he wasn’t sure if he should call Hoseok for the most part because he had to meet Jimin in just few hours and he just felt unsettled.

Hoseok called him instead. Yoongi hesitated before picking up.

“Are you home?” Hoseok asked.

“Yeah, why?”

“Taehyung called to ask and I asked him to call you instead and he said you yelled at him.”

“I didn’t yell at him,” Yoongi said and Yeoun ran to sat on his lap.

“Did you raise your voice to talk to him?” Hoseok asked.

“That was only because he was asleep,” Yoongi mentioned.

“So, you yelled. Leave the kid alone, he is going through a lot.”

“I was in a rush,” Yoongi said and hugged Yeoun from the back and adjusted her so she won’t fall off the edge of his knee.

“Are you okay? You sound… stressed,” Hoseok mentioned and Yoongi wasn’t sure if it was a wild guess of he has noticed his tone as well.

“You didn’t even see me before you left,” Yoongi said with a pout. He didn’t want to make a big deal out of it but he wanted to change the subject.

Hoseok laughed and Yoongi felt better. Yoongi remembered the first thing he has noticed about Hoseok and that was how easy he laughed. How he laughed like that’s the best thing he’s heard or seen. He laughed like he wanted people to be happy.

“You were asleep and I didn’t wanted to wake you up,” Hoseok said. Yeoun asked who he was talking to and Yoongi mouthed ‘Hobi’.

“Hobi?” Yeoun question and Yoongi gave her a nod.

“Is Yeoun with you?”

“I’m her parent, she is always with me,” Yoongi said.

“Do you have things planned for today?” Hoseok asked and Yoongi felt guilty.

“I’m just home with Yeoun,” Yoongi said.

“Do you… do you want me to come over?” Hoseok asked with hesitation.

“Yeoun, do you want Hobi uncle to come over?” Yoongi asked Yeoun in a baby voice. She gave him a small nod.

“She said she don’t wanna see you ever,” Yoongi replied.

“What? But why?” Hoseok sounded nervous and Yoongi laughed.

“You said the whole Min family is whipped for you, so why ask? She said you should come over,” Yoongi said and Hoseok sound happy after that. He said he would be there within an hour right after Yoongi and Yeoun are done with lunch.

When Hoseok arrived Yeoun felt shy and stood behind Yoongi.

“You’re so small and then Yeoun, an even smaller being, using you for protection, this is so cute,” Hoseok said as he went on his knees.

“Hey, Yeoun. Don’t you remember? I’m your friend, Hobi,” Hoseok said sat down on his legs.

“She remembers you but she’s just shy now,” Yoongi said.

“She remembers me?” Hoseok looked surprised.

“Yeah, she even asked about you the next day,” Yoongi mentioned.

“She did?” Hoseok looked up at Yoongi.

“Yeoun, why don’t you go get Hobi some water?” Yoongi asked and Yeoun ran towards the kitchen.

“I can get it myself,” Hoseok said to Yoongi.

“I’m teaching her things,” Yoongi said.

“She’s only two.”

“The earlier she learns the better for her,” Yoongi mentioned and Hoseok just laughed. Yeoun came back with a bottle of water and Hoseok took it, thanked her and sat down next to her. She laughed. Hoseok laughed and Yoongi smiled.

“You wanna play or sleep?” Yoongi asked Yeoun. They all sat on different couches. But Yeoun sat close by Hoseok.

“Play,” Yeoun said shyly.

“But I want work,” Yoongi pouted and she looked over at Hoseok.

“But Hobi can play with you?” Yoongi looked over at Hoseok and Hoseok shook his head. Yeoun looked angry.

“I mean yeah, get your toys and Hoba will play with you,” Yoongi said and Yeoun ran to her room.

“Hoba?” Hoseok questioned and went to sit next to Yoongi.

“She won’t let me call you Hobi, she thinks only she has the right, we fought because of your name. She said she is your friend so she can call you Hobi but I can’t.”

Hoseok laughed, he felt good, he felt nice. Wanted.

“And she gets confused over Hoseok, it’s not that hard a name, she can pronounce Jeongguk and Namjoon but she can’t pronounce Hoseok? I think it’s a game.”

“Yoongi, God, have you always had been this cute?” Hoseok said and leaned to press Yoongi’s face with his hands.

“Shut up, now I’m stuck with Hoba.”

“I like it,” Hoseok said and booped Yoongi’s nose with his index finger.

“I like it too, I just thought you’d be a bit more dramatic about it,” Yoongi said and smiled because Hoseok was laughing again.

Yeoun came and asked if they can play in her room as she had way too many toys. Hoseok waved towards Yoongi and followed Yeoun inside.

The realization hit Yoongi hard, that since Hoseok came over, he wasn’t on the edge, he wasn’t nervous. He was just himself and it was just the three of them. Yoongi sat there for a moment, let himself overhear the laughters coming from Yeoun’s room. He smiled.



“Yoongi… Yoongi?” Yoongi heard his name in whispers and then there was silence. It took Yoongi few seconds before he jolted up.

“What time is it?” Yoongi asked.

“Four thirtyish,” Hoseok checked his watch.

“Why didn’t you wake me up?” Yoongi said as he ran to room. He was supposed to meet Jimin in half an hour.

“Because you were sleeping peacefully, I thought you must be tired.”

“Where’s Yeoun?” Yoongi asked.

“She’s asleep as well.”

“I hate to do this, but… can you please be with her till I’m back?” Yoongi asked as he slid into his jeans and grabbed an oversized black hoodie. Because no matter what Jimin said, it wasn’t a date.

“Sure, of course. I don’t think she’ll be awake for a few hours. Are you meeting someone? Official business?” Hoseok asked and stood outside Yoongi’s room. Hoseok has never been inside his room. Never even had a glimpse.

Yoongi stayed quiet and Hoseok gave out a dry laugh, “You seem nervous. What time is your meeting?”

“Half an hour,” Yoongi replied.

“Yeah, so, you still have time, how far away is the place?”

“Half an hour,” Yoongi said.

“Well, then you’re doomed but they’ll love you. Or at least will like you if you just stop frowning at them.” This made Yoongi smile.

“Stop making me laugh, I’m serious,” Yoongi looked at Hoseok.

“You’ll do good,” Hoseok said. “Call me for an emergency and I’ll act like something came up and you have to be near me otherwise something would happen,” he added.

“Stop being so supportive,” Yoongi said with guilt.

“What? I can’t even cheer you up?” Hoseok folded his arms and leaned on the door.

“I’m meeting Jimin,” Yoongi said and his heartbeat went up. He couldn’t answer why.

“Jimin? Our Park Jimin?” Hoseok asked in confusion.

“Yes, your Park Jimin.”

“First of all, he’s 

our

 Park Jimin. Second of all, you’re nervous because you’re meeting him?” Hoseok laughed and Yoongi couldn’t pinpoint why he was so scared of telling Hoseok that.

“I didn’t mean to laugh as if I’m laughing at you, it’s just the situation is funny,” Hoseok said when he saw that Yoongi looked uncomfortable.

“Where are you guys meeting?” Hoseok asked.

“That coffee shop near your place.”

“Are you kidding me? I wanted to take you out on a date there, Jimin beat me to it. We’ll find a new place. Tell him I said hi and that he should drink less,” Hoseok laughed and followed Yoongi in the living room.

“You’re okay with it?” Yoongi asked.

“Of course, why wouldn’t I be? It’s not like you’re double dating or something, because I don’t know about you but Jimin would never do that to me,” Hoseok said.

“I’ll give you a call when I leave.” Yoongi walked towards the main door and Hoseok followed.

“Take care, and please try something other than an americano, make something less strong,” Hoseok suggested and Yoongi turned to look at him again.

“Call me if you need anything or if Yeoun gets too much to handle, she gets bratty at times. Kids,” Yoongi said and rolled his eyes, Hoseok laughed and Yoongi swore that he could just kiss him there.

“I’ll see you late, enjoy. You’ll have a great time,” Hoseok said and Yoongi walked close to Hoseok. He got on his tiptoes to kiss Hoseok’s cheeks comfortably and he could feel a smile spreading on Hoseok’s face when he pulled back.

Yoongi arrived and Jimin was already there.

“You’re late,” Jimin said as soon as Yoongi took a seat opposite him.

“I got caught up at work.”

“You were sleeping,” Jimin corrected.

“How do you know this?”

“Hoseok told me.”

“You told Hoseok?” Yoongi asked. Was this a game to Jimin? Was he checking if Yoongi would tell Hoseok as well or not?

“You told Hoseok. Are you okay? Do you need more sleep?” Jimin asked as he leaned forward on the table.

“Why are we here?” Yoongi asked and then a person came and placed two glasses of coffee in front of them.

“We’re having coffee,” Jimin said playfully and thanked the waitress.

“Did you order for me?” Yoongi asked.

“I was gonna get you an americano but Hoseok asked me not to, so it’s kinda like Hoseok ordered for you.”

Yoongi wanted to start fresh, he just wanted the day to start all over again.

Yoongi took a sip of his coffee, “I drank, now what are we doing here?”

“You’re being so difficult. I just wanted to hangout.”

“Do you call all your hangouts ‘dates’?” Yoongi asked, visibly irritated and Jimin froze.

“Yoo-Yoongi, I like you, you’re a great guy but… I think you’re reading this wrong. It’s… I’m sorry but… I love Hoseok and I could never do this to him and if you think it’s a date and you went out on a date with another person, I’ll have to tell Hoseok.”

Yoongi was visibly confused now, “What?”

“I’m not interested in you in that way. I’m sorry, you’re a great guy but I’m… not interested. I thought things between you and Hoseok were finally well but… I’m sad to hear you’re still seeking out.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” Yoongi asked.

“You called this a date. It’s not.”

“

You

 called this a date.”

“Me? When?”

“Last night when you called.”

Jimin laughed.

“I was so drunk, I’m so sorry, I don’t recall half of that conversation but somehow I remember meeting you here.”

“Jimin, I’m gonna ask you one last time, why am I here?” Yoongi was getting frustrated now.

“When I first met you and your group, I didn't think much of it. I thought you guys will do your work and will leave whenever the time is right. But then we all started growing closer. Namjoon is amazing, Jeongguk and I get along so well and at first you and I were okay as well. Like, we weren’t the best of friends but we were friendly.”

Yoongi just looked down at his coffee, he wasn't sure what Jimin was implying. That he isn’t social? Yeah, he knew that.

“Then you just started looking at me weird. Stopped talking with me. You would only answer things I’d ask you. I thought we would be friends. Good friends in fact. Namjoon and Jeongguk talk so highly of you and they said that it might take some time with you but you’ll finally crack but I guess that never happened with me. Then Hoseok, God, hoseok is so annoying when he talks about you,” Jimin laughed but Yoongi’s expression were unaffected.

“My point is, I thought we would be friends.” Jimin went silent and Yoongi processed what was said.

“You came into my friends life and they like you, every one of them and I thought that you and I would get along well as well but that never happened. You just… you just, I don’t know how to say it but you just seemed like you never liked me that much. I just wanted us to be friends. And then Taehyung told me that I’m your prime suspect.”

Yoongi stayed quiet, showed no emotion. It wasn’t like Taehyung wasn’t supposed to tell anyone but, for Yoongi, it was the most logical thing ever.

“I’m not sure why?” Jimin said and Yoongi wanted to laugh.

“I have evidence.”

“And they all point at me?”

“They don’t make you the only suspect, I’m not accusing you because things are a little more complicated than that but it doesn’t rule you out.” Yoongi wasn’t there to bullshit so he confessed.

“Ah, and can you tell me what they are?”

“So, you can know what our strategy is?” Yoongi crossed his arms over his chest.

“Taehyung is my soulmate,” Jimin said, pain evident in his voice. “The mere fact that you suspect me of wanting to hurt Taehyung is… it’s heartbreaking. Taehyung and I are soulmates in the most truest sense. I know him in and out, he knows me in and out. I would do anything for him. I can never harm him. I can never cause problems for him. I love him. I just… I just want you to trust me on that.”

Yoongi wasn’t the soft kind, he wasn’t the kind to just let people’s words get to him. He wasn’t emotionally invested like that. He was a logical person. He looked at facts and figures. And everything pointed against Jimin but there was just something about Jimin’s voice. The way he spoke, the way his eyes would look down every now and then because he felt hurt. The way his lips will part but no words would come out. The way he would just stir his already cold coffee blankly.

“Have you ever given your phone or laptop to anyone? For more than just few minutes?” Yoongi asked instead.

“What?”

“Does anyone else have access to your photo gallery?”

“What? No?”

“You don’t sound so confident.”

“Because I’m not sure what’s happening.”

“All the picture that we received from Mr. Kim were found on your phone as well.”

“You hacked into my phone?” Jimin looked uncomfortable but Yoongi showed no concern.

“I did my job.”

“Illegally.”

“Report me to the authorities then.”

“Taehyung and I do it all the time, we have this folder of different different angles and things, the whole ‘ugly picture project’ and you would know because you looked into my phone.” Jimin folded his hands defensively.

“I figured that, but why did you start sending the pictures to Mr. Kim and what do you want from him?”

“You hurt me, Min Yoongi.” Jimin sounded like he would breakdown any second but his expressions were strong, solid and pissed.

“After everything I told you, you still think it’s me.”

“Then point a finger at someone, I’m here to listen,” Yoongi said and mimicked Jimin’s expression.

“I don’t know, I just… My phone is synced with my laptop as much as I wanna help you, I can’t think of anyone who would do it anything like this.”

“Who all have used your phone lately or used your laptop?”

“I mean, I have given my laptop to people for a day or two because of work and all. Like, Seojoon and Bogum don’t live here and whenever they visit, they work on my laptop. ”

“Wait… Bogum? As in Park Bogum?” Yoongi looked at him with confused expression.

“Don’t tell me you’re suspecting him.” Jimin wanted to laugh.

“He’s on the list.”

“No way. I am not doing this. You’re not putting a finger on Bogum or on Seojoon. Wait till I mention Hyungsik and you’ll go gaga over him as well,” Jimin said out of frustration.

“Wow, I saw your expression, Yoongi. Don’t tell me all three of them are on the list. I can’t believe this.”

“I’m doing what’s required from me,” Yoongi sounded small, as if he wasn’t confident himself.

“You know Bogum and Taehyung used to be best friends, they still are really close but every time something happens, he’s always used as scapegoat. Mr. Kim’s PR team once mentioned how they would wanna replace Taehyung’s friends because they don’t think that Tae’s friends are productive influence on him. Something goes wrong, blame Bogum. Prank calls, blame Bogum. Prank messages, Blame Bogum. He doesn’t hang out with us as much as he used to because it was doing him more harm than good. He was suffering. The way Mr Kim’s people would look at him. Like he’s some trash kid. I will not let you put it on Bogum.” Yoongi was surprised how Jimin yelled all that in a tone that was harsh but not high.

“I’m not saying I’m blaming Bogum or Seojoon or Hyungsik or anyone, I can’t blame someone if I don’t have the proof. And I can’t reveal anything else.”

“I… I’m sorry… I guess I went a little overboard. I didn’t mean for it sound like I’m angry but i’m just frustrated. Taehyung loves them. I don’t know them very personally but… Taehyung has changed so many friends over the years, some just to please his parents and when he started getting attached he had to let them go. I can’t watch Taehyung get hurt like that again. I just… I don’t want you to mention anyone to Taehyung until you’re confident.”

“I know how to do my job, Jimin,” Yoongi said regretted it the very second. He never wanted it to sound rude of offensive but it did, so he added, “Thanks for your concern though, I guess I never actually realized just how Taehyung would be feeling in all of it, I was just too invested in getting the person behind it. So, yeah. Thanks for letting me know.”

And Jimin smiled.

“So, are we gonna try and be friends now?” Jimin asked and Yoongi rolled his eyes, Jimin laughed. Maybe they would be friends now. Maybe Yoongi would just stop seeing Jimin as a threat but Yoongi couldn’t let his guard down. Jimin still couldn’t explain a lot of this.

“I need your help now,” Yoongi said.

“Sure, anything for Taehyung.”

“I need you to send me a list of all the people who have used your laptop. And mention the date, month, purpose, whatever you can recall. I want to erase your name from the list but it won’t be that easy.”

“Sure, of course.” They stayed for fifteen-twenty more minutes. Talked about this and that, Jimin talked about Taehyung and Bogum, Seojoon and Hyungsik, Yoongi paid attention to the details.

They talked more about their groups of friends and their relationship with Taehyung because Yoongi was still on a job.

They left soon after and Yoongi couldn’t stop thinking about some things that were mentioned.
 
Taehyung and Jeongguk sat for lunch with Taehyung’s parents. Their homecoming was a surprise from their end and it sure as hell was a surprise to Taehyung. Unlike Jeongguk, Taehyung was only in an oversized shirt. Which, if they knew better, would have guessed it was Jeongguk’s. Jeongguk went to his room to change, he changed into a suit and then came back and greeted the Kims again.

“Have lunch with us, Jeon, if you don’t have plans.” How was Jeongguk even supposed to say no. That’s how he got stuck on the table. He sat right next to Taehyung and opposite the Kims.

“I hope our son listened to you well,” Mrs. Kim said and Jeongguk smiled politely.

“Taehyung, I hope you haven’t troubled the young man,” Mr. Kim said.

“Oh no, dad, I’ve been kind to him,” Taehyung smiled and Jeongguk tried his best not to. Taehyung was about to slide his hand on Jeongguk’s eye when Jeongguk noticed, he excused himself and got water for everyone. He adjusted his seat so it’s a little father from Taehyung’s reach.

“Jeon, can you drop by my office tomorrow morning?” Mr. Kim asked.

“Sure, sir. Do you want me to bring Namjoon and Yoongi as well?”

“No no, I don’t think I’ll get the time for that big a meeting, I just want to get updates from you. If ten in the morning works?” Mr. Kim asked and it wasn’t like Jeongguk had an option of saying no.

“You can take the day off as well, we’ll be here for the day and we haven’t seen Taehyung for so long,” Mrs. Kim said and Jeongguk gave her a polite note.

Jeongguk couldn’t have stayed, it was getting awkward. He couldn’t stop picturing Taehyung’s lips on him whenever one of the Kims would speak to him. It was like he was doing something illegal.

He informed the guards outside the house that he would be out for the day and then he dropped a message to Namjoon, asked him to inform Seokjin that the Kims were back in town. He called Yoongi next but when he couldn’t reach him he called Hoseok.

“Yoongi is out with Jimin?” Jeongguk couldn’t believe his ears. Was it really happening? Yoongi would never, if he didn't have a plan. But they never discussed anything.

“Yeah, funny right. I wasn't even invited.” Hoseok sounded distracted, as if he was busy doing something else as well.

“I wasn’t even informed.”

“Well, then I should probably feel lucky.”

“Where are you?” Jeongguk asked. He sat outside his own apartment inside his car.

“I’m at Yoongi’s.”

“You’re at Yoongi’s while Yoongi is out?”

“Yeah.”

“Are you… are you alone?” Jeongguk hesitated.

“I’m here with Yeoun,” Hoseok said and laughed.

“You... you… he… what is going on?”

“Yoongi told me,” Hoseok laughed again.

“Are you guys getting married or something? What even is going on?” Jeongguk was so surprised he couldn’t think of why Yoongi would expose that part of him to someone so soon.

“You wish. Do you wanna come over? You sound like you’re free.”

“Can I? Sure. Yeah, Mr. and Mrs. Kim are back, so, I had to leave.”

“Ah, no one boning Taehyung, I see.” Jeongguk laughed as soon as Hoseok said that.

“Just come over.” Hoseok hung up.

When Jeongguk came, Hoseok had to leave. Yoongi still wasn’t there. It was only a little after seven when Yoongi arrived and Jeongguk laughed at him.

“So, you and Park Jimin, huh?” Yoongi threw the cushion at Jeongguk.

“Why did you meet him?”

“He asked me to meet him.”

“And? What was it about?” Jeongguk asked.

“He wanted to tell me how he’s not the guy I should be suspicious of.”

“Did he give you names?” Jeongguk asked and Yoongi stayed quiet.

“Where’s Namjoon? I don’t wanna repeat my stories twice, I wanna speak at once.” Yoongi dialed Namjoon and asked him to drop by as well.

“Why are you here anyway?” Yoongi asked Jeongguk.

“What? I’ve missed you.”

“Stop bullshiting me. The Kims kicked you out?”

“They didn’t kick me out.”

“Sure.”

Namjoon dropped a message and informed them he would be late. Yoongi made dinner. Yeoun treats Jeongguk like family, she has always been that way with him. Maybe it was because Jeongguk became his age whenever he was around her, or maybe it was because he made faces at her and made her laugh.

She sat beside Jeongguk and they all ate. She forced Jeongguk to tuck her into bed and Yoongi stayed outside.

Yoongi dropped a message to Namjoon and asked him to call and not ring the doorbell and Namjoon said he was just outside. Yoongi stayed by the door for a minute before he saw Namjoon appear.

“You said you were outside.”

“I said ‘just’ outside.” Namjoon let himself in.

“She’s asleep,” Jeongguk said in a whisper and sat down on Yoongi’s couch.

Yoongi would never admit it but he has missed it, just the three of them. It has been a long time since they’ve been alone together.

“Where were you stuck?” Jeongguk asked Namjoon and Yoongi swore he saw a blush. He rolled his eyes.

“I dropped Seokjin at the Kims and Mrs. Kim saw me, invited me in, we had coffee and all that stuff. It was so awkward because she kept looking between Seokjin and I and we had a whole Taehyung in between us.”

“Well, we all can say we had a shitty day,” Jeongguk said and dropped his head on the cushion.

“What happened with you?”

“His make out session was cut short by the Kims,” Yoongi said and Namjoon laughed. Jeongguk hoped it was the case.

“Talking about making out, so, you told Hoseok about Yeoun.” Jeongguk crossed his arms and a smile bright on his face.

“How does that have anything to do with making out. My kid is involved for god’s sake.”

“You know that’s not what I meant. So tell us.”

“There’s nothing to tell.”

“Oh! Come on, how is he? I mean i know how he is but tell us more. Look at Namjoon! Obviously 

he

 knows! I don’t wanna be left in the dark.”

“In Hoseok’s language, The Mins are whipped for him.” Yoongi crossed his arms and stared at Jeongguk, as if daring him to laugh. Jeongguk pressed his lips tight and just looked over at Namjoon who was holding his breath so he wouldn’t laugh either.

“So, it’s true. Cupid hit the Kims when we entered,” Jeongguk said and Namjoon laughed.

“You guys are disgusting.”

“Anyway, how was your date with Jimin?”

“It wasn’t a date,” Yoongi defended.

“You went out on a date? With Jimin? He’s Hoseok’s friend, Yoongi.”

“I’m not telling you guys anything,” Yoongi said and Jeongguk pouted. Yoongi rolled his eyes.

“Park Bogum,” Yoongi said and everyone stayed silent.

“What about him?” Namjoon asked.

“Jimin told me him and Taehyung were friends. And not like any friends, they were close. Good friends.”

“Taehyung has never mentioned him,” Jeongguk said and folded his arms.

“That’s because he feels guilty.”

“Why?” Namjoon asked.

“Bogum was at Taehyung’s party as well, Taehyung greeted him and they sat for a while but most of the time Bogum was with his friends. Anyway, the point his, the Kims and their associates have been really disrespectful towards Bogum. Jimin said that there was a time when Mr. Kim’s PR team even asked him that if he allowed it, they’d get Taehyung new friends.” Yoongi felt angry as those words left his mouth.

“That’s messed up,” Namjoon said and Jeongguk stayed quiet.

“Yeah and well I don’t know if they offered it to Taehyung as well or not, but Bogum and Taehyung fell apart soon after. He was basically a scapegoat for them. Like, they just kept blaming Bogum for everything.”

“I remember Bogum,” Jeongguk said and sat straight.

“What about him?”

“When I was doing research on all the people and everything, Bogum’s name came up as a client as well. He used to be a model for Taehyung. But, that doesn’t add up. Because he never had much money. I looked at his background and before he left, he was struggling so hard, he couldn’t pay his rent for four months and was asked to leave. That’s when he got an internship in the US and he left,” Jeongguk said in concentration.

“But he’s back now. He’s been in Korea since the same time Mr. Kim started receiving those images.” Yoongi went to sit opposite Namjoon and Jeongguk.

“This could be a huge coincidence. I don’t know,” Jeongguk said and hung his head low.

“Bring up Bogum to Taehyung,” Namjoon suggested and looked at Jeongguk.

“What? Why me?”

“Because he’s close to you, he trusts you and he’ll open up to you. He’ll tell you things he won’t tell us.”

“It’s like I’m using him, I don’t… it’s not like I don’t wanna ask him but I feel bad.”

“Get a grip, Jeongguk,” Yoongi snapped and Namjoon looked at him. “Yoongi, stop.”

“No, you’re letting your emotions speak over you. That person can and will harm Taehyung if we don’t do something about it. Taehyung was shot at, may I remind you. You can’t think with your heart, you have to do things even if you don’t like it,” Yoongi tried to keep his voice low just for the sake of Yeoun.

“I didn’t mean it like that,” Jeongguk said in a low voice.

“If you’re not gonna ask him, I’ll have to. Because I would rather we know what’s happening than we don’t.”

They all stayed quiet for a while. A little hesitation in the air.

“What I think Yoongi is saying is,” Namjoon started again, “Bogum is back and he seems to have a motive. We just need to know how Taehyung and Bogum really were.”

Jeongguk stayed quiet. They all had dinner and Jeongguk asked if he could stay over. Namjoon said that they all should stay over and Yoongi was left with no choice.

“I have to meet Mr. Kim tomorrow morning,” Jeongguk said.

“Why? Do we have to go as well?” Namjoon asked.

“Nah, I asked but he said he just want to have a quick chat with us, to know what;s the progress. Should I mention Bogum to him?”

“Don’t,” Yoongi said, “Bringing him up will just do more bad than any good. I don’t want him to do anything out of impulse. So, let’s not say anything till we’re confident.”

“Okay, where are you going? I thought we were all sleeping here?” Jeongguk said as he noticed Yoongi leave for his room. They had spread mattresses in the living room, so they all could fit together.

“I… I have work.”

“What work? Do you need any help? I can come, I don’t feel like sleeping myself.” Jeongguk was already halfway up and Yoongi visibly sighed and clenched his phone on his hand.

“Ohhhhh, ahhhhh, you’re gonna be sexting Hoseok,” Jeongguk cooed and laid down again.

“Shut up,” Yoongi said and went to his room.

“You didn’t even deny it.”

Once inside, Yoongi closed to door. He dropped a message to Hoseok and asked him if he was free and Hoseok said he was. Yoongi would be a liar if he said his heart raced for no reason. The reason was good enough when a bright ‘Hello’ rang his ears.

“Is Yeoun still up?” Hoseok asked.

“She’s asleep, Jeongguk and Namjoon are here,” Yoongi mentioned.

“Oh, so it’s a sleepover?”

“You can say that.”

“Why am I never invited to any?” Hoseok said in a low voice. Talking at night was risky, scary. For Yoongi it was like, he couldn’t draw a line where reality ended and a dream begin. Just a few days ago Hoseok seemed like a dream. Just a few days ago when Yoongi went to bed, he would think of what it would be like if he was on a call with Hoseok, or if Hoseok was with him. Now, it was a reality but it still felt like he was dreaming.

“You wanna have a sleepover at my place?” Yoongi asked.

“I wanna have a sleepover with you.” Hoseok laughed. “I’m trying to flirt, please cooperate.”

“That’s your attempt at flirting?” Yoongi was smiling but he wouldn’t let Hoseok believe it.

“At least I’m trying.”

“You need to try harder,” Yoongi said.

“Let me be there with you then.” Yoongi could hear Hoseok's smile through the phone.

“You’re too much,” Yoongi said over his smile and Hoseok laughed.

“But seriously, I don’t wanna force it on you but I think we should, at least have a night together,”

“What are you implying?”

“Not… not that… Yoongi, stop thinking about it,” Hoseok laughed again. “I meant it more in a way, that we should have some time to ourselves. I would wanna get to know you in the process as well. And it doesn’t even have to be when Yeoun is around. Moreover like when she’s at daycare or with your brother or when she’s asleep.”

“I’m not doing anything when Yeoun is in the house, even if she’s next door.”

“That’s not what I said,” Hoseok said. “We don’t have to do anything.”

“So, you don’t wanna do anything?” Yoongi sounded deflated and he hated the way his voice sounded that second.

“No, Yoongi, no… this whole conversation has been a mess. Yes, of course I want us to do things and I want you to do things to me and I want to do things to you-”

“Don’t elaborate,” Yoongi could feel the rush of the blood. He knew that Hoseok must have thought of it at least once but having him verbally say such things had a different impact.

“You know what I mean, right?” Hoseok said silently and Yoongi just nodded, he knew Hoseok couldn’t see him but he couldn’t utter words.

“Yeah, well, I mean. I wanna spend time with you, Yoongi. Talking on the phone is great. Like, I wait the whole day for you to just drop me a message. Or call me. But I… I want you around as well. Be able to talk to you, see you smile, see you laugh, see you be grumpy when coffee isn’t made according to your style. I wanna… I wanna hold you.”

“You sound so sappy,” Yoongi said instead. The emotions were building up in him, he wanted everything with Hoseok but he felt like it was too soon, it wasn’t practical. He felt stupid as well but he just wanted to be sure. He already knew what his feelings for Hoseok was. But he wasn’t sure if Hoseok saw it as an endgame just like him.

“You can’t outsmart me, Min Yoongi,” Hoseok laughed. “I’ve started noticing your habits.”

“You owe me a kiss,” Yoongi said and his cheeks were on fire. His neck was turning red. He felt like a kid.

“I thought you'd never ask,” Hoseok said and Yoongi smiled.

“I thought you were so different,” Hoseok said and yoongi frowned. He has heard it over the years, from different people under different circumstances.

“What do you mean?”

“I don’t know, like, at first I thought you’re unapproachable. Like, you were just someone I could only have a crush on or just someone I could think of, not someone who would give me nicknames, pouts when they’re angry, call me at night because they’ve missed me. You’re very similar in all aspects but just different in emotions. Or more like… I don’t know what I’m saying.”

Yoongi stayed quiet. It was different, for sure. People always assume that he’s cold, dark and that he would be anywhere where he wouldn’t have to socialize. Out of those only one thing was right about him.

“I don’t talk much in general,” Yoongi said.

“No no, I know that. I know that, it’s just. You talk… I mean, you take initiative to talk to me and… that makes me happy. Like, you tell me things and I feel happy. It’s a good feeling, Yoongi.”

Yoongi could hear the sincerity in Hoseok’s voice and he remained quiet.

“How about in three days?” Yoongi asked.

“What in three days?” Hoseok asked, his voice very confused.

“Sleepover, whatever you wanna call it. I can ask for Namjoon or my brother to look after Yeoun so we have some… personal time together.”

“Are you for real?” Hoseok’s voice a little louder than before.

“Yeha, let’s do it then.”

“But I don’t want you to just do it because I want to, and Yeoun is there-”

“You don’t have to worry, I’ll take care of it. And… yes, I want to. Just… not my place. Because Yeoun will be here. So, your place.”

“Yes, yes yes yes, of course, yes. Wow. Min Yoongi in my house.” Yoongi smiled over the words.

“I’ve been to your house before as well,” Yoongi mentioned.

“And then you ran away and never came back.”

“Let’s never talk about that,” Yoongi said and sulked into his bed.

“Will you be in my bed as well?” Hoseok asked softly and Yoongi has a wild imagination.

“I’m hanging up now,” Yoongi said instead.

“Just confirm it okay, I can’t wait,” Hoseok said and they soon said their goodnights.

Yoongi slept in the his own bed instead of out with the boys.

Taehyung was in a good mood since he woke up. He has dropped a message to Jeongguk last night but he received an answer this morning. Jeongguk has mentioned he would call right after the meeting.

Taehyung called his dad’s office and asked if he could come and his dad said he would be free by noon.

Taehyung being Taehyung reached the office by eleven. Met the staff and the employees he was familiar with. Taehyung had known most of them since he was little. He still found it astonishing how some of them haven’t left the company yet. Even in last ten years or so. Most people leave to get a fresh start of for growth.

When he reached his dad’s floor, he west to the washroom first. Taehyung was dressed. In a suit. The only thing his dad has ever asked him to do. ‘Son, always come professionally, I want people to take you seriously,’ he has said.

When Taehyung entered the washroom, he eyes landed on Jeongguk and Taehyung lit up. Jeongguk was busy splashing water on his face to notice Taehyung’s entrance.

Taehyung tiptoed and wrapped his hands around Jeongguk’s torso, giving him a back hug.

“You’d let just anyone come and hug you?” Taehyung pouted when Jeongguk didn’t respond.

“You think everyone gasps when they see me?” Jeongguk said as he placed one hand over Taehyung’s and used his other hand to grab the tissue and dry his face.

“You heard that?” Taehyung said and hugged him tighter.

“You have to stop getting so turned on by me,” Jeongguk joked as he turned around in Taehyung's arm.

At this angle, Taehyung could swore he was taller than the younger.

“You’re so irresistible, Jeon Jeongguk,” Taehyung used Jeongguk’s line on him.

“What if someone catches us?” Jeongguk said calmly.

“Then they are free to watch,” Taehyung smiled.

“What if your dad found out?” Jeongguk asked and wrapped his arms around Taehyung’s back and pulled him in.

“Then he’ll disown me,” Taehyung said and laughed. Jeongguk kissed the side of Taehyung’s lips.

“Why do you look so low?” Taehyung said and placed his hands around Jeongguk’s neck, caressed his cheeks with his thumb.

“I didn’t sleep well last night, I was too nervous for the meeting,” Jeongguk said honestly and Taehyung laughed.

“You were scared of my dad?” Taehyung asked.

“Not really, but mostly over the fact that he we don’t have much to tell your dad except for how someone destroyed your window.”

“That’s a nice way of saying that someone tried to kill me.”

“I can never say those words,” Jeongguk said and placed a quick kissed on Taehyung’s lips.

“You look down, are you sure everything is okay?” Taehyung asked, he pressed his body into Jeongguk’s and Jeongguk placed his head in the crock of Taehyung’s shoulder.

“I’ve had three cups of coffee this morning, I guess the lack of sleep is finally catching up to me,” Jeongguk said into Taehyung’s neck.

“You do know that’s not how coffee works, right?” Taehyung said and ran his hand in Jeongguk’s hair. Jeongguk laughed.

“Come over later,” Taehyung said softly, almost a whisper.

“I practically live there,” Jeongguk laughed and Taehyung smiled.

“I mean, in my room,” Taehyung said.

“That’s scandalous,” Jeongguk said.

“Maybe I wanna do scandalous things to you,” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk looked up. He straightened himself and looked directly into Taehyung’s eyes. Taehyung felt shy, his stomach doing crazy stuff.

Jeongguk pulled Taehyung in for a kiss. Jeongguk’s lips hesitant for a few seconds before he dived in deep.

“Ahem Ahem,” Someone said from the door and Taehyung and Jeongguk jumped. Taehyung pulled away so fast, he couldn’t even keep balance and tripped towards one of the stall’s door.

“What the hell Hyungsik?” Taehyung yelled.

“Oh, I’m sorry, am I interrupting something?” Hyungsik crossed his hands at the back and leaned towards them.

“I swear to God I don’t know if I should hug you or just throw you out?” Taehyung yelled again and went over to give him a hug. Jeongguk with looked at the both of them with baffled expression.

“Why can’t you keep it in your pants? Specially at a workplace. Where anyone can catch you?” Hyungsik said as he hugged him back.

“I am asking dad to cut your break times.”

“If you’re here to see your dad, meet him now, he has a meeting in about an hour or so and he leaves soon,” Hyungsik said.

“I’ll get going as well,” Jeongguk said finally. He walked over to Taehyung, gripped his jaw softly and leaned him to kiss him. Deep and low. The kind of which makes you light headed.

When Jeongguk leaned back, Taehyung just kept his eyes on him.

“Stop looking at me like that, you’re worrying me,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk laughed. Placed one last kiss on his cheeks rushed out when he said, “I’ll see you soon.”

“Is this… are you guys serious? Or it’s just a one time thing?” Hyungsik asked when Jeongguk left.

“It’s new,” Taehyung said, it wasn’t a lie but he was just dogging the question.

“So, it’s serious. I see.”

“What does that mean?” Taehyung laughed and looked at Hyungsik through the mirror.

“Just, you know. You are very particular with whom you would wanna be seen out with, considering your family. And you shoving your tongue down his throat in a place outside of your bedroom. It’s new.”

“You’re making me sound like I have had so many people in my life,” Taehyung said and fixed his shirt one last time before they both walked out.

“Anyway, you’re dad is in a good mood today. I think his trip went well, which means more money.”

“Well, money does make him happy.” Taehyung stopped turned and looked at Hyungsik again, smiled and walked straight to his father’s office.

“Hey da- Mom is here!” Taehyung said cheerfully.

“Taehyung, come join us,” Mr. Kim said and gestured for Taehyung to sit down. Taehyung first went to hug his mother and then sat down to the seat opposite to his dad’s.

“Why did you want to come to the office?” His mother asked.

“Just to see you both, why?”

“Where’s Seokjin?” His father asked.

“He went to his friend’s restaurant. Said that they’re coming up with some new recipe or something.”

“And how’s work for you?”

“Well, as you’ve asked me to wait till this whole thing blows over, I’m on a break now. But I keep checking, the list of clients have increased. I have at least fifty messages.”

“Heard you broke up with Hyu?” Mr. Kim asked and Taehyung sat straight.

“Yeah. It was mutual.” It wasn’t but Taehyung could always mentioned how Hyu had a habit of sleeping around.

“Is that why he called us every day?” His dad said and Taehyung looked up. Taehyung had been suspicious of how Hyu took the fake break up so well. How he was so well behaved and so okay with it.

“Is this why you guys came back early?” Taehyung asked, his voice still calm.

“Is this about Jeongguk?” Mr. Kim asked and he saw his mom place her hand on his father’s shoulder to calm his down. Taehyung wanted to laugh.

“What about him?” Taehyung asked.

“Don’t use that tone on me?” His dad raised his voice and Taehyung looked down.

“I just… I meant to ask why you think it has anything to do with him?”

“We know what’s going on, Taehyung.”

“I don’t understand.”

“We have the camera footage of the house as well,  you know, right?” As soon as his dad said that, Taehyung froze.

“I’ve seen things I would never want to see,” his dad said.

“It’s not… it’s not how it looks like.”

“He took advantage of you, Taehyung. What more is there to understand? He saw you as someone who’s in a weak spot and he took advantage of it.”

“Dad, it’s not-”

“You don’t speak, when I’m talking.” His dad stood up and his mother look at Taehyung in guilt. Taehyung wanted to laugh.

“We pay him money to protect you. Not… not for all of… this.” His dad looked disgusted. Taehyung wanted to laugh.

“Dad… it’s not… it’s not what you think.” Taehyung was so angry that he could cry. His nervous so overwhelmed with the change of event that his whole body was hot, it felt like it was on fire.

“I have had enough of that boy. We hired them because they’re the best in the business but that men thinks he can do whatever he wants-”

“I came on to him, I lead him on,” Taehyung said, his voice so low he wasn’t sure if he was heard.

“You were in trauma, you weren’t yourself.” This was the first time his mother spoke and oh how wrong she was.

“I am completely fine,” Taehyung’s voice was shaking. His heart beat fast out of frustration and anger and… fear.

“You were not, I’m so disappointed in you, Taehyung. We expect better from you,” His dad said. They couldn’t keep going on with the conversation because since he has entered his dad’s phone has buzzed over five times and his dad has put the phone on silent all five times.

“I’ve some business to attend, I don’t want to address this anymore, make sure I never have to hear about it. You’re a bright boy, Taehyung. Hyu is the kind of person you should be with.”

“Not if you knew what he’s like,” Taehyung said slowly, he didn’t wanted to disrespect his parents.

“He’s a perfectly fine boy, we’ve known him for years. Now, go home, we’ll see you for dinner.” Taehyung stood up silently. His head was ringing.

Then it hit Taehyung, he turned with wide eyes and asked, “Is that why Jeongguk was here?”

His father said nothing, picked his phone and made a call.

“Mom, tell me you didn’t say anything to him,” Taehyung's voice was breaking.

His mother looked down and that was all the confirmation he needed.

Taehyung lost all his senses, he couldn’t see, his vision a mix or blurry and hazy. He wasn’t running but he was panting. He couldn’t focus.

“Hey, hey Taehyung, are you okay?” someone asked. Taehyung wasn’t sure who.

“What’s happening?” A woman’s voice.

“Home… take me home...” Taehyung manage to let out and he wasn’t sure who escorted him out.

When he got in the car the girl offered him water.

“You’ll be okay,” she said and Taehyung drank half of the water in one go. He was sure he was going to throw up.

The car started and when it got on the main road when was when Taehyung turned to look at the person.

“What the hell are you doing here?” Taehyung asked, his voice more weak than annoyed.

“I came to talk to you.”

“Una, don’t do this. I don’t have the energy or time.”

“I just… I wanted to apologize, Tae, we-”

“Don’t call me that.”

“Please, you have to hear me out. I didn’t mean it to happen,” Una said. Her eyes fixed on the road.

“Stop talking, just… stop.”

“Taehy-”

“Don’t speak,” Taehyung yelled.

“My head hurts, I can’t hear, I can’t understand. Anything you say now, I’ll probably forget. Just stop talking. We can talk some other day, just not today.”

Taehyung wanted to yell, he wanted to scream, he wanted to cry. Taehyung sat straight and folded his arms.

“Can this day get any worse?” Taehyung said to himself, tears forming in his eyes.

His thoughts lead back to Jeongguk, he knew. He knew everything and yet he didn’t say anything. Jeongguk already met his dad. Was that why Jeongguk looked so lost, so small and afraid. He looked hurt. Was that why Jeongguk kissed him like that? Held him like that?

“You’re home,” Una said when Taehyung was lost in his thoughts, he didn’t even register the place at first.

Taehyung didn’t even say thank you, he said nothing, he undid his seatbelt and jolted inside.

“Jeongguk,” Taehyung yelled and no one came out.

“Jeongguk, Jeon Jeongguk,” Taehyung yelled again and went to check his room. No one was there. He rushed towards his room and when he entered, his heart dropped.

“Where is he?” Taehyung asked, his voice smaller than it was before.

“Taehyung-”

“Where is he, Yoongi? Why are you here?” Taehyung went down on his knees, unable to stand still. He looked at Yoongi, praying for something, anything.

“Jeongguk has been replaced. I’m your new bodyguard,” Yoongi said.

“I’m...” Taehyung sobbed, “so sorry.”




Chapter End Notes
Hello, I'm here again.Please love PARK JIMIN, HE IS THE ONLY MAN EVER.i hope you're enjoying the story and thank you so much for reading it.Let me know what you think.I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU!


Chapter 9
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Is he okay?”“He’s asleep.”“I wanna be there for him.”“Drop by when you’re free, he can use some company.”“Jimin wants to join as well.”“Don’t use that guilty voice on me,” Yoongi exhaled. “Hoseok, you know none of this is your fault, right? You would be here if you could but life isn’t that easy and I’m pretty sure Taehyung understands. It’s not like in movies that you can just pause your life to heal a friend’s heartbreak. Your work is important and Taehyung wouldn’t want you to be fired as well.”“I still feel bad, I wanna be there. Jimin wants to be there and we can’t help but feel that way.”“Take care of yourself and Jimin for the time being,” Yoongi said sincerely. He wished it was easy for him to express. To show just how much he cared.“How are things there? I didn’t hear much from you last night except for that abrupt ‘it’s a mess, we’re okay’ text.”“Not the best but fine, his parents are checking up on him every twenty minutes. Seokjin is pissed and hasn’t left Taehyung’s room. Namjoon dropped by this morning and the Kims just wanted Jeongguk out of the house. They demanded that.”“So? Is Jeongguk out now?” Hoseok asked.“You bet your ass Namjoon would ever. He told them that we three come as one package, if one leaves the other two follows. Jeongguk is one of the best we have and they can’t afford to leave him out of it now. Mr. Kim got a call right then and he had to leave. But I guess he would still wanna press more on the topic.”“Where’s Jeongguk right now?” Jimin asked this time.“Sorry, I put you on speaker when you started describing the situation,” Hoseok said softly.“Jeongguk’s at the office with Namjoon, they’re going over everything they’ve found out till now. They wanna be thorough with the case just to prove that Jeongguk actually did his job irrespective of what the Kims think.”“Keep us updated, we have to rush now, but all the best and do let us know if we can do something,” Jimin said hurriedly and Yoongi got confused for a second.“I will.”“I have to go as well, I’m being called,” Hoseok said in a rush as well.“Yeah, sure. I’ll… se- yeah okay. Bye.”“Come over tonight if you’re off work, I’ll anyway be at Taehyung’s during the evening.”“I’ll see you then,” Yoongi smiled to himself. The surety that he would see Hoseok soon was enough for him to hold on.“Everything okay, Mr. Min?” Yoongi could recognize the voice anywhere.“Yes sir.”“Care for a walk?” Mr. Kim waved him hand towards the main door and Yoongi followed.“Let’s cut to the chase, I want Jeongguk out. I thought Namjoon was the reasonable one but I was wrong and I do appreciate your work ethic, so I know you would understand what I’m speaking of.”Yoongi wanted to roll his eyes, he would have done it but he truly liked his job.“Namjoon is the best person to talk, he assigns work to people.”“But he listens to you, he’ll listen to you if you convince him that Jeongguk isn’t required here.”“But he is, Jeongguk is required here. No one understands the seriousness and complexity of the case more than Jeongguk. Assigning someone new would be like starting all over again and I’m pretty sure you don’t want that.”“Why don’t you take over?” Mr. Kim asked and Yoongi realized why he just hated talking to businessmen so much.“Because him and I have expertise in different areas. I can’t protect Taehyung physically, I’m not as hyper aware as Jeongguk is. Sir, you need to trust the work we all are doing, otherwise there is no point to this. If you think Jeongguk lacks in any area-”“You know this is not about his skill at work,” Mr. Kim grinded his teeth, Yoongi heard it.“Namjoon would never agree, he’s a master at this. He knows what needs to be done to catch the culprit.”“I don’t want him around my son.”Yoongi stayed quiet. It wasn’t his place to speak.“Taehyung is young and naïve, he doesn’t know what’s best for him. He’s still growing and learning.”“Hyu wasn’t good for him and as far as I’m aware, you really like him. That guy slept around even when he was with Taehyung, is that the kind of person you want in Taehyung’s life?”Mr. Kim was visibly astonished with the new discovery. Yoongi couldn’t remember if Taehyung ever mentioned that he hasn’t mentioned anything to his parents.“Hyu… cheated? How can you be certain?”“I ran background checks on all of Taehyung’s friends.”“Taehyung knows about it?”“That’s a conversation you need to have with Taehyung. He’s not a child like you want to believe he is. He’s a grown man with a business.”Mr. Kim looked at Yoongi for a second too long, an uncomfortable second too long. Yoongi bowed his head out of respect even if he had none for that man in front of him. Mr. Kim walked away. “I just wanna talk to him,” Taehyung sobbed and Seokjin hugged him tighter.“I’m so sorry, I just wanna see him, is he okay?” Taehyung sobbed some more and Seokjin felt helpless.“Can you please do something? My parents will never understand.” Taehyung looked at Seokjin with hopeful eyes.“You know I can’t promise you anything,” Seokjin said honestly.“Please.”And then there was a knock on the door.“I don’t wanna see anyone,” Taehyung whispered into Seokjin’s shoulder.Before Seokjin could reply the door opened and Yoongi entered.“I don’t wanna see anyone,” Taehyung raised his voice at Yoongi and Yoongi ignored.“Seokjin, why don’t you make something for Taehyung?” Yoongi hinted and Seokjin got the hint. He nodded and left.“Where is he?” Taehyung asked as soon as Yoongi closed the door.“Busy.”“I asked ‘where’.”“At work.”“He is my bodyguard, he is supposed to be here,” Taehyung said and sat down on the bed. His eyes a little puffy from the crying and his face looked innocent. Yoongi couldn’t look at him.“Now I’m here.”“I don’t want you.”Yoongi ignored.“Yoongi, just let me speak with him. He isn’t picking up my calls and now his phone is off and Namjoon won’t let me speak to him as well and I just don’t know what else to do.”“Taehyung, I know it’s not your fault but your father really is the one in power, he can and will destroy Jeongguk’s career if Jeongguk doesn’t do what he asks.”“Sneak him in, do something, please. I promise dad won’t find out. I made him remove all the cameras he installed for himself, he can’t see anything.”“That’s not the case though,” Yoongi tried to reason with Taehyung but he knew he was failing.“You can’t protect me,” Taehyung said, this time his voice was a little different. Angrier and less painful.“We have five more people around your house, I don’t need to do the protecting.”“I’m giving you twenty-four hours, if you don’t bring Jeongguk to me, I’ll make sure you don’t see Hoseok anymore.” Yoongi would be called a liar if he wasn’t a little surprised with Taehyung’s demand. In all the time he has known Taehyung this wasn’t the way he ever spoke with anyone.“Are you threatening me?” Yoongi smirked sarcastically.“Call it whatever you want. Bring me Jeongguk and see Hoseok, or lose him. Those are your only two options.”Yoongi crossed his arms. He wanted to laugh. This was ridiculous.“I’m not much for explaining but I’ll give this one to you,” Yoongi gave out a dry laugh. “It’s highly laughable how you think that my bond with Hoseok is so fragile that it’ll break if we don’t see each other regularly. What Hoseok and I have is… different than what you assume we have. Our feeling won’t go away just because we aren’t speaking for the time being.”Yoongi wanted to go on about Hoseok. Let Taehyung know that when you’re with someone who truly brings out the best version of you in yourself, you’re less insecure, you’re happy and confident. As much as Yoongi would have missed Hoseok if Taehyung truly were to keep them away, it wouldn’t change anything, wouldn’t change the way Hoseok makes Yoongi feel. But that wasn’t what he wanted Taehyung to know. That was just too sacred.“And about Jeongguk. His decisions are not mine to take. I’ll not force him to do things he doesn’t wanna do-” Yoongi saw Taehyung open his mouth to defend himself.“Shh, I’m speaking,” Yoongi raised his hand in front of Taehyung before continuing. “Jeongguk is very well aware what is best for him and his career. He is not a child and neither are you. There are some rules that you just can’t break and taking up rich-businessmen who will most definitely end your career.”“Shh, I’m speaking,” Yoongi raised his hand in front of Taehyung before continuing. “Jeongguk is very well aware of what is best for him and his career. He is not a child and neither are you. There are some rules that you just can’t break and taking up rich-businessmen who will most definitely end your career is not something anyone would want.”Taehyung stayed still. His eyes fixed on Yoongi but he was failing to register the words.“I’m not putting this on you, kid. Don’t be too hard on yourself but you have to get a grip on yourself. People are watching you, looking at your every move, you can’t be lost now. We are not here to babysit you and fulfill your needs. We have a job to do and I don’t want you in our way.”Yoongi was pissed, he knew better than to let out his anger on Taehyung but now wasn’t the time to talk about emotions. It takes time to heal, Yoongi knew that himself, but what else he knew was that Taehyung needed to be alert and aware.“Where are you going?” Taehyung asked as he noticed Yoongi leave the room.“I’ve things to take care of, I’ll send someone to keep you company.” Yoongi was out the door.“If it’s not Jeongguk, I don’t want them,” Taehyung whispered to the wall. “How’s he?” Namjoon asked.“He misses him,” Seokjin replied.“I wish it would have been better.”“How is he?”“Closed off,” Namjoon signed and looked at the sky. He was on the roof in the chilly night. If Seokjin knew, he would hear an ear full but he needed some air.“How are you?” Seokjin asked. It’s just been a couple of days since Jeongguk disappeared from the household, Seokjin wouldn’t lie that he don’t miss him but Jeongguk always felt like family and Seokjin knows what losing a family meant.“I’m better now,” Namjoon said and it wasn’t a lie. He always looked forward to speaking with Seokjin. Lately, they’ve been seeing less of each other, with work and responsibilities, their time together was cut short. Now, they would only see each other whenever Namjoon would visit to check up on Taehyung.“I miss you,” Seokjin said softly, his voice almost a whisper but his words were clear. It made Namjoon smile, words by Seokjin always made him smile.“Is this Kim Seokjin showing affection towards me?” Namjoon teased.“Hey, you want it or not, I’ll take it back, stay on that stupid roof and catch a cold and then watch me not make soup for you because you’re being difficult. Is that what you want?” Seokjin ranted in a low-harsh voice. Namjoon could practically imagine Seokjin going breathless.“How do you know I’m on the roof?” Namjoon asked and looked around. There was no way Seokjin would be there.“I can hear the wind and I know you better than you think I do.”“I miss you too.”“I’m sorry things are this difficult,” Seokjin said instead.“I’m sorry we’re not able to catch the culprit.” This was the first time Namjoon has admitted it. He felt vulnerable, his throat went dry and the blood rushed to his face. It was like admitting they’re bad at their job, which wasn’t the case.“Hey, stop, it’s not your fault, it’s not anyone’s fault. Since you guys came on board things have been lowkey from the culprit, you guys are doing good, keeping him safe.”“I’m sorry.”“Joonie, please, don’t say that. Things will be better, you guys are doing your best and things will be better.”“I wish you were here to hug me and tell me that in person.”“I wish I was.”They stayed quiet for a while, left the words hanging between them. Left things unsaid between them. Their emotions were heavy, Namjoon has changed the shift in Seokjin’s tone whenever he was talking intimate. It was real. “Yeoun is asleep-” Hoseok stopped when he noticed Yoongi asleep in his bedroom. He smiled and put the blanket on Yoongi. The thing with Yoongi was that, he was a fast and deep sleeper. You can’t wake him up.Hoseok tiptoed around to pick up his stuff, it was already past midnight and he had an early class in the morning. Once he was done collecting his stuff he sat down by Yoongi’s legs and just looked at him.This is what has been happening since Jeongguk bolted. Yoongi either had to stay at the Kims or whenever he was at his own place, he would just be too tired to do anything. Hoseok has been trying to learn to cook, but he would always end up asking Seokjin to make extra so he could take it with him.A day like today has been on repeat for a week now, on the odd days when Yoongi would come home, he would call Hoseok to join him. They would sit with Yeoun and hear about her day, would avoid talking about Yoongi’s. During dinner they would discuss Hoseok’s day because Yeoun likes to hear about dance, then Hoseok would put Yeoun to bed and in the same time Yoongi would be fast asleep in his room.They haven’t had the time for themselves but that was okay, just being around Yoongi was okay. Being there for Yoongi was okay.Hoseok smiled at the memories, the same event that has happened way too much. He stood up to turn off the lights on the bedside lamp and as soon as he did it, Yoongi’s hand snaked around Hoseok’s.“Are you not asleep?” Hoseok whispered in the darkness, his eyes yet to adjust to the dark.“Stay,” Yoongi murmured and the sleep making it impossible for him to hold on to Hoseok’s hand. Hoseok kissed Yoongi’s forehead and got in bed with him. Cuddling was out of question because of the awkward angle Yoongi positioned himself in.The next morning Hoseok left before Yoongi got up but he left a note and made breakfast. “I honestly thought Namjoon and Seokjin would be this married old couple but turns out Hoseok and Yoongi are the most domestic ones.”“Where are you getting all of it from?” Namjoon asked over breakfast.“Hoseok makes breakfast for Yoongi and he’s like this parent figure for Yeoun now,” Jeongguk replied.“That’s bullshit,” Yoongi replied out of embarrassment.“Who made this breakfast then?” Jeongguk smirked. Yoongi had called Namjoon and Jeongguk to discuss work but they all have just jumped on the breakfast as soon as they enetred.“Don’t tell me it’s Hoseok’s. He’s getting good,” Namjoon said with another bite.“He has been… helpful,” Yoongi said shyly.“Someone sounds like they’re in l o v e,” Jeongguk said in a sing-along voice.“No more breakfast for you,” Yoongi said and grabbed the plate from Jungkoon.“Hey, stop this.”“How do you even know Hoseok made breakfast? I don’t remember mentioning.”“Jimin told me,” Jeongguk said as a matter of fact.“You’re in touch with Jimin?”“I have to, I need to know what’s going on, otherwise I’m of no help here.”“He mentioned Taehyung?” Yoongi asked.“Now and then, said I should drop by and talk to him once.”“Do you want to?” Namjoon asked.“I see him and say what?” Jeongguk’s voice raise a little. They haven’t spoken about Taehyung since that night, Yoongi always thought that Jeongguk would come around whenever he was ready.“I don’t know, just hear him maybe.”“You think I should see him?” Jeongguk said hopefully, it was more like he just wanted a push and he would just be outside Taehyung’s door.“I just want what’s best for you, you can’t just bury your feelings in work and then act like nothing happened. It’s not good for you and it’s clearly not good for him. You have to talk about it to get it out of your system, to feel light.”“I don’t feel heavy.”“Keep telling yourself that.”“I just don’t know what to say to him,” Jeongguk said and rubbed his face.“You don’t have to decide anything for now.”“Let’s just get back to work for now, we have a lot to discuss.”Yoongi opened up his laptop and Jeongguk opened his. Namjoon went around to stand beside the both of them.“So, Jimin sent me all the pictures he had and he sent me a list of all the people who have ever used his laptop. Now, the only problem is that it’s a list of twenty people. But out of those only seven made it to the party. Some are just his work friends or classmates but the rest are friends who see him almost daily,” Jeongguk said.“All the pictures Mr. Kim received were via messages or email. Now, I dug in and all the phone numbers are fake numbers, they’re the online automated number meant only for texting. And none of those numbers are no longer active. The thing with email IDs is that all those email accounts come from the same IP address, it tracks down to this internet cafe in Daegu, that’s Taehyung’s hometown as well,” Yoongi said.“So, you think it’s someone from his hometown?” Namjoon asked.“I can’t be too sure, none of Taehyung’s friends are from Daegu, his parents left Daegu when Taehyung was only three years old, so it’s not like he knows people there. Also, the thing with those email accounts is that they were created in those cafes and only one email was sent from each ID, and that to Mr. Kim, after that the email ID were deleted.”“So, it’s not someone who’s doing this to a lot of people, it’s just someone who’s only after Taehyung,” Namjoon said and leaned back.“Yeah, and those email ids don’t even make sense, it’s just taehyung123 or taehyungxyz, such sort of thing, it’s not like the culprit is trying to leave hints. They’re just doing it to cause problems.”“One more thing,” Jeongguk said, “I dug in those online numbers, some were generated in the same internet cafe that Yoongi mentioned but the first three pictures which were sent out, the IP address got us names and numbers of the people who were using the phone.”“You never mentioned that to me,” Yoongi looked over at Jeongguk.“I got that last night and I wanted to see your faces,” Jeongguk said with a smile.“So, we have something?” Namjoon smiled.“I don’t know if you’re gonna like the names,” Jeongguk’s smile got broader.The doorbell rang before Jeongguk could drop the names. They all closed their laptops in a rush.“Don’t discuss this with anyone, it stays between the three of us,” Namjoon said quietly as Yoongi stood up to get the door.“You took forever to open the goddamn door,” Seokjin bolted in.“Why are you here?” Yoongi asked instead.Jeongguk visibly stilled as he noticed Seokjin.“Good to see you too, Yoongi,” Seokjin smiled and went directly to where everyone were seated.“You’re here alone?” Namjoon asked for Jeongguk.“Jimin is on his way as well,” Seokjin said and went to Jeongguk.“How are you?” He asked and hugged Jeongguk, Jeongguk stayed still, his heart beating way too fast. Seokjin has always smelled like home, comfort. It scared him.“Good, how are you?” Jeongguk asked softly.“He’s doing better,” Seokjin replied instead. His eyes on Jeongguk and Jeongguk could sense the hesitation. The question ‘Do you miss him? Because he misses you.’Jeongguk just gave him a nod. Seokjin went to Namjoon and without hesitation Namjoon wrapped his arms around Seokjin, his nose dug deep in Seokjin’s neck as he took his scent in.“God, I’ve missed you,” Namjoon whispered for only Seokjin to hear. Seokjin threw his head back and laughed.“If y’all are done with your PDA, we have work to do,” Yoongi announced.“Do you need my help?” Seokjin asked as he sat down next to Namjoon.“Actually, yeah. Can you tell me something about Taehyung and Daegu?” Yoongi asked.“You mean his hometown?” Seokjin asked.“Yeah, that.”“I mean there isn’t much to tell. They left that place when he turned three.”“Do they go back? Or have family there? Their own house?”“Not really, I mean his dad sold the house because he never wanted to be back, his mom’s family lives there but they haven’t visited them in over a decade. She’s not very close to them. Taehyung used to go there with his friends, it was a small trip but that stopped a long time ago.”“When was the last time he was there?”“When he was fifteen, they would always go with someone’s parent and some kids, but Taehyung hasn’t been in touch with any of those kids. It’ll always be for business for the parents and whoever was free at that time.” Seokjin looked at them in confusion.“Did he make friends there or someone who approached Taehyung?”“Not really, I mean Taehyung is a very friendly kid but whenever they went on trips he made sure to stick with his people, his parents wouldn’t let him go otherwise.”Yoongi stayed confused. Someone who knows Taehyung and Jimin was behind this and they have some connection with Daegu, Yoongi just couldn’t point it out.“Is there something I should know?” Seokjin asked.“No no, it’s nothing, just ticking some checkpoints. That’s all.”They fell back into their normal conversation and Jimin arrived soon after. Jimin and Yoongi were okay now. The tension between them was gone. Jimin went around giving everyone hugs and took the longest with Jeongguk.“Why don’t Seokjin and I make lunch for you guys?” Jimin suggested.“I’m tired of babysitting,” Seokjin said.“We can order,” Namjoon said and rubbed Seokjin’s thigh.“You guys always order, Yoongi has stopped cooking altogether. I want you guys to have a decent meal for once.” Jimin went straight to the kitchen.“I’ll help him, he’s right,” Yoongi said and stood up.“You get some rest, I’ll go,” Seokjin said and followed Jimin.“So, what’s the plan now?” Jeongguk said as soon as they were alone again.“Simple enough, I want you to look into all the suspects and Taehyung’s friends. Tell me everywhere they’ve travel. By train or plane, if you can get a hold of where they’ve traveled by car as well, that’ll be great. I’ll call the cafe and check if they have cameras installed so I can check for footage. I don’t think asking for a name will do us any good, people lie a lot,” Yoongi whispered. Even though he was confident that Seokjin and Jimin were out of their hearing zone.“Okay, I feel good about this. Like… like we’re going somewhere with this,” Namjoon said.“Let’s not get our hopes too high, I don’t want us getting disappointed. Let’s just keep all of it lowkey.”Once everyone was done with lunch everyone stayed there. Jimin decided that they all should have dinner together as well. He called us Hoseok and asked if he could join.“Hoseok said he’s with Taehyung, so he’ll try and make it till dessert,” Jimin informed the group.“I should head home, I have a lot of work,” Jeongguk said and stood up.“You ain’t going nowhere, we’re all having dinner together and that’s final. Otherwise,” Jimin said and stood up to whisper into Jeongguk’s ear, “No more updates.” Jeongguk went back to sit on his place.They all avoided Taehyung’s topic for the sake of Jeongguk and Jeongguk could feel that. Jeongguk still hasn’t processed whatever has happened. What was being said and what was done.Things were never going to be easy, that was sure. He was confident about it, but he never meant to fall for Taehyung. Kim Taehyung, the beauty that he is. The boy with a heart of gold. The giver. Kim Taehyung was those kind of people who would sacrifice his soul for others, who would give all of himself to the other without thinking of how it would make him feel at the end. Because he was just that selfless.It was never casual for Jeongguk, never. At first, he always saw Taehyung as a brat, rich beautiful privileged boy. The kind who never had to struggle for a day, never had to care about anything but themselves. But then he got to know Taehyung, got to know the man behind the paintings, the man who would sing in the shower because he was too shy to do it in public, the man who smiles the brightest to lift the other person up, the man who had lost a battle but has covered all his scars.Jeongguk never meant to fall but he did. Jeongguk never meant for it to go that far but it did. Jeongguk doesn’t know how to mend it, how to take all the pain away from Taehyung. Maybe never having to see him again would make Taehyung hate Jeongguk and maybe that would just be the best for everyone. After dinner everyone wanted to sleep in. Yoongi kicked them out, Yeoun was with his brother and it was the only night he had for himself. He just wanted to rest. Play some music for a while and then just sleep. Hoseok never showed up. It was already eleven.Once everyone left Yoongi looked at the dishes and realized that someone has already done them. Probably Seokjin or Jimin, certainly not Namjoon or Jeongguk. Yoongi was grateful to these people. He thought of Taehyung.His phone rang and it was Hoseok, he smiled immediately. “Are you home now?” Yoongi asked as soon as he picked the call.“Yeah, only if you open the door.”“What?” Yoongi froze in surprise and then he marched towards the main door, “Are you here?”He opened the door and saw Hoseok. The relief that rushed past his body couldn’t be expressed in words. Yoongi pulled Hoseok in for a hug. He has missed the warmth of the younger.“I didn’t ring the bell in case Yeoun is sleeping,” Hoseok whispered as they pulled away. He entered and placed his backpack on Yoongi’s couch.“She’s not home, she’s with my brother.”“Are you home alone?” Hoseok asked with a smirk.“Technically, now we are home alone.”“What if I would have driven home?”“That’s your loss.”“This is exactly the time where you have to message me things like ‘no one’s home’ and I’ll reply with a single ‘I’m on my way’. Have you not seen movies or read books?” Hoseok crossed his arms and leaned back on the kitchen counter.“Maybe you can show me all of these movies so I know the drill,” Yoongi said and leaned into Hoseok to steal a kiss.“Your flirting skills are terrible, Min Yoongi,” Hoseok laughed and wrapped his arms around Yoongi. Hoseok was taller, no doubt, but Yoongi liked it now. He had to look up from his position on Hoseok’s chest just so he could have eye contact. It made Hoseok vulnerable.“Teach me the way to your heart,” Yoongi said and Hoseok laughed.“That was embarrassing.” Hoseok kissed Yoongi.“Then stop kissing me,” Yoongi smirked.“Never,” Hoseok said with another kiss.Yoongi asked Hoseok if he ate and turned out Hoseok was starving, he pulled out the leftovers and offered them to Hoseok.“How’s Taehyung doing?” Yoongi asked.“Heartbroken.”“It sucks, doesn’t it?”“Being heartbroken?” Hoseok asked.“That too but the whole being there part and not being able to fix it.”“There are things only time can fix.”“I don’t think I’ll be able to take it,” Yoongi said honestly. His eyes down on the counter.“Take what? Heartbreak?” Hoseok asked and when Yoongi never replied, he stopped eating and walked towards Yoongi.“Hey, it’s not going to happen.”“You can’t promise that. No one knows of the future.”“I know that, but I also know that we both aren’t in it to waste each other’s time. I know what we have is real and I know just how happy you make me, I know how much I miss you when you’re not around. I know when to give you space and when not to bug you. And you know all of it too. We work well together.”“Like soul partners?” Yoongi said and looked over at Hoseok.“I was gonna say more like business partners but okay,” Hoseok joked and Yoongi pushed him away.“You take this as a form of business.”“I didn’t know you were falling in love with me,” Hoseok joked but Yoongi never corrected him. Was it love? Was it too fast? Or at times you know when it’s there.“Finish your food and learn how to cook.”“I made you breakfast,” Hoseok pointed his fork at Yoongi.“Everyone ate it, I got like two bites.”Yoongi just wanted Hoseok to eat up so they could be in bed together, so they could have skin touching skin, lips kissing skin. So they could have hands exploring body and teeth marking what’s theirs. “You sure it’s okay for you to stay?” Namjoon asked as soon as they entered Namjoon’s apartment.“If you want me to leave, just say it,” Seokjin crossed his arms.“No, no no of course not. Never. I just want to make sure if you would rather be here than with Taehyung.”“I’m not picking you over Taehyung. Jimin said he wanted to stay with Taehyun for the night.”Namjoon smiled. It wasn’t a debate, it wasn’t a priority list. But at this time Namjoon knew just how much Taehyung needed people around him, he was just the opposite of Jeongguk, where Jeongguk would isolate himself, Taehyung needed people. Maybe that’s why they matched this well.“Do you want water or something?” Namjoon asked.“I just want you to kiss me senseless, like you’ve been starved. Will you do it or do I have to beg for it?” Seokjin turned towards Namjoon, fully aware how his words affected the younger one. Fully aware how Namjoon was so weak for the dirty talks.“Beg.” was what Seokjin never expected Namjoon would say.The lights in the drawing room was dim, they just entered so Namjoon didn’t turn on all the lights. Namjoon’s expression were fierce, hungry and Seokjin felt alive. Seokjin walked towards Namjoon very slowly, his eyes fixed on the younger’s.Seokjin dropped down on his knees in slow motion and he noticed how namjoon’s mouth opened a little with the moment.And then there was a phone call. The goddamn phone which would always ring at the wrong time.Namjoon jumped in shook and Seokjin hung his head low, rubbed his face out of frustration.“Jimin, this better be important,” Namjoon said as soon as he picked up. His voice calmer than Seokjin imagined.“Yeah, of course, I wanted to know if I can take Taehyung to my place? He feels trapped here and he wants to get away from his dad for the night,” Jimin said and Namjoon put him on speaker for Seokjin to hear him as well.He looked over at Seokjin who was still on his knees, Namjoon would do anything to have him like that again.Seokjin gave him a nod and stood up.“Yeah sure, shouldn’t be an issue, there are two guards, I’ll send you their name and pictures, take them with you. But first, do talk with Mr. Kim. if he doesn’t allow it, then give me a call.” Seokjin snatched the phone from Namjoon.“Sure, I don’t wanna talk with his dad, but I’ll do it.” Jimin sounded low on enthusiasm.“Do not call us,” Seokjin yelled on the phone.“What?” Jimin asked in confusion.“Some people are trying to be dicked down, Jimin. Some people have sexual fantasies unlike you, do not call here.” Seokjin yelled on the top of his lungs and Namjoon tried taking the phone away from Seokjin.“Were you guys doing it? Did I interrupt something?” Jimin started laughing. Seokjin held the phone out of Namjoon’s reach and twisted his body so Seokjin’s back was pressed against Namjoon’s chest.“We were getting there but you killed the mood. Call Yoongi next time, he knows better and he can handle the Kims alone. Do not call here.” Namjoon took Seokjin’s free hand and twisted it against Seokjin’s back while Seokjin stretched the phone forward with his other hand. Namjoon pulled on Seokjin’s hand to make him lose his grip but Seokjin let out a moan.“What the hell are you two even doing? I’m still on the call,” Jimin yelled while he laughed.“I like it rough, I like it like this,” Seokjin turned his face towards namjoon as he said that and enjoyed as all the colours rushed to Namjoon’s cheeks.“Ew, you both are so disgusting, I’m leaving. Bye. I’m gonna call Yoongi from now on.”Seokjin threw the phone on the couch and turned fully towards Namjoon so their chests were pressed together. Namjoon picked Seokjin up and Seokjin wrapped his legs around namjoon’s torso.“You’re gonna drive me crazy,” Namjoon said breathlessly and Seokjin threw his head back and laughed. “Tae, you’re coming with me, I asked your dad and I told him Namjoon approved and I mentioned the guards and everything. You’re coming with me,” Jimin whispered to Taehyung as they sat in Taehyung’s room.“Really?” Taehyung asked in surprise.“Yeah, for real.”“I asked him yesterday if I can go to yours or Hoseok’s house and he refused.”“Well, he said no to me too but I played the Namjoon card and it works.”“Wow, how did you convince Namjoon though?”“He didn’t need much convincing, he knows you’re not happy here and you need to feel fresh air. Also, Seokjin was with him so I called him when I knew I could make him do anything I want. The Seokjin card comes in handy as well.”“Let’s just get out of here and talk in the car or at your house.”“I called Yoongi and he said he’s sending a car to pick us up, and that we should just be with the guards and travel in their car.”“I am okay with, I just wanna get out of here.”Taehyung packed in a rush. Even though he was only going for the night, he packed three different outfits. Jimin didn’t have the heart to stop him.Once inside the car Taehyung took a deep breath. “Can we roam around for a while before doing to your place?” He asked softly.“Mr. Kim is tracking the car, we have to directly be at Jimin’s place,” One of the guards said and Taehyung gave him a nod.“It’s okay, we’ll be okay,” Jimin rubbed Taehyung’s knee.They reached Jimin’s house soon enough, it was hardly midnight and Taehyung was in no mood to sleep that night. He felt alive for the first time after such a long time.The guards made Jimin’s living room their home, they inspected the house once and then left the boys to do whatever they wanted. Taehyung locked Jimin’s room as soon as he entered.“I feel like all I do nowadays is pretend,” Taehyung said and went to open the window.“It’s cold outside,” Jimin said.“I can’t feel a thing,” Taehyung replied,“Baby, come here,” Jimin patted the bed and Taehyung closed the window but let the curtains open. Let the light of the night illuminate the room. He kept the room’s lights off.“I’m really happy for Hoseok and Seokjin, you know.” Taehyung sat down in front of Jimin. They have never talked about it.“They’re all really good for each other. Like… not only do they compliment each other so well but they understand each other and their works.”“I’ve never seen Seokjin this happy in my life, like, I am just so happy for him. Seokjin really closed himself off for a really long time and I’m just happy he’s letting himself be happy.”Jimin smiled. He remembered how Seokjin would just reject every guy that came his way. How Seokjin would go around giving fake numbers at bars and clubs. How Seokjin would flat out lie and mention that he was with someone whenever he was approached.“Namjoon looks less on the edge whenever Seokjin is around,” Jimin mentioned. He has noticed things, how Namjoon’s whole body language would change as soon as Seokjin would enter the room. How his shoulders would relax and a smile draws on his face and Jimin was happy for them.“Have you seen Hoseok though? Like, I never thought he could be happier than he was but wow, his energy is different. Like, I see how he’s there for me and it means the world to me but I find happiness in seeing him text Yoongi, whenever that little smile slips out. Makes my heart happy, makes me forget my own sadness.”“He truly is giving all of himself, like… it’s getting really intense. Hoseok goes over to Yoongi’s house all the time and we are never allowed, like it’s some kind of a secret. There’s this one room Yoongi just won’t let us enter and I’m convinced it’s a sex dungen.”“We have to invade that place one day,” Taehyung laughed.“What if we found them in the act?”“That’s literally some good blackmail material for life.”“Yoongi wouldn’t budge and Hoseok would be too proud.”“Cowards.”They fell in their act, laughter and giggles filled the room. Jimin missed this Taehyung, missed the way Taehyung laughed, the voice and the lightness. Jimin missed Taehyung.“At times I feel like I’m doing okay,” Taehyung said out of the blue and Jimin knew what they were addressing.“It takes time, Tae.”“I know that, it’s just knowing doesn’t help at all. Knowing that one day the pain in my chest will be gone, doesn’t help the pain be any less painful.”Jimin stayed quiet. It was Taehyung’s time and Jimin would be there to support him.“I miss him, I miss him so much. The mornings are better but the night hits hard, every time the door opens in my room I’m always hoping it’s him. Every time my phone rings, I hope it’s him. Every time I receive a message, I hope it’s him. The hoping and waiting just makes my chest heavy because it’s not him. Because it makes me believe that he never cared, that he doesn’t care. That all of it was just casual for him, things he must have done with other people.”“Tae, don’t think like that, you know it’s not like that.”“Jimin, I know that but it still takes a toll on me, keeps me up at night thinking how he couldn’t say something to me, how he left without a warning, without a goodbye. I know that you’re in touch with him and so is everyone else, but it’s me who’s on hold, who’s in the dark.”Jimin felt like he was betraying Taehyung, like he shouldn’t have been in touch with Jeongguk if Jeongguk wasn’t staying with Taehyung.A tear dropped from Taehyung’s eyes and he whipped it, another rolled and he whipped that as well but when the third and fourth one rolled down, Taehyung let them.“I’ve seen the way he looks at me, I’ve seen his face right after we would kiss. It wasn’t pretend, it wasn’t fake. It wasn’t casual. I’ve felt the longining in his touch, in his voice, in his whispers. But then I don’t get how it was just so easy for him to leave. To just leave like that and not explain or say anything. It’s the end that makes me question a lot, makes me wonder if I got played or he’s just that strong.”Jimin took a deep breath, it was hard enough to watch Taehyung cry and it was harder to listen how Taehyung described they were.Jimin let Taehyung cry, let those eyes dry out themselves, he offered him some tissues and a glass of water. Taehyung cried.The doorbell rang and Taehyung sat straight.“Is it my dad?” Taehyung asked and looked over at the clock, it was just past two and there was no way his dad would have been here.“No, it’s… I’ll go see.”Taehyung knew not to be hopeful but his mind ran to Jeongguk. Just the ‘what if’.Taehyung sat with anticipation, the lights still out and room still glowing by the moon.The door opened and entered Yoongi. Taehyung’s heart ached more.They both stayed quiet and Jimin never entered.“Just here to check up on you,” Yoongi said after a while, he was still by the door.“I owe you an apology,” Taehyung said, his voice cracked with all the crying.“It’s fine. Nothing-”“Please. Let me, I’m really sorry for what I said and how I acted. I was just hurt and I just wanted to see him and I… I don’t know what I was thinking but I thought using Hoseok to get it done would be my best option. I was wrong, it was impulsive and… I’m really sorry.”“It’s okay.”“Please know that I love you and Hoseok, I wouldn’t have done that, I would never do that. Hoseok’s happiness means the world to me and you make him happy. I was just angry and pissed and it got the worst out of me and please, Yoongi, please know that.”“I understand, but kid, there’s one thing I’ve learned and that is to think. Think before speaking because words matter, especially when you’re angry. I’m not angry at what you said, I understand and I know that but just don’t let that eat you up. Because I stopped thinking about it and you clearly didn’t. When you regret words, they haunt you.”Taehyung stayed quiet.“Did you tell Hoseok?” The guilt in him asked.“I would never.”They stayed quiet for a little longer.“I’ll get going then, you’ll be okay.” They both gave each other a small nod and then Yoongi was out of the room.Taehyung would leave the crying for later. He just took a deep breath to gather himself. The door opened again and Taehyung looked up. He froze.Words left him, he had a speech prepared for this exact moment. Taehyung had a script ready for this exact moment, Taehyung was prepared but his body failed him. His mouth failed him and his heart failed him.“Jeongguk?” Taehyung said it in doubt. Like, it wasn’t possible. As if it was just another one of his dreams.“I came to apologize,” Jeongguk wouldn’t meet Taehyung’s eyes.“Jeongguk!” This time his voice had hope, strength.“Whatever happened, shouldn’t have happened,” Jeongguk said and it was like a part of Taehyung died right that second. The hopes, dreams, everything positive left him.“What?”“You’re my client, I work for you, this shouldn’t have happened. It’s unethical.”“Is that what it says in your contract?” Taehyung was trying to process.“I shouldn’t have let it happen.”“Don’t act like you never wanted it,” Taehyung was on the verge of losing it again but he held himself.“It was wrong.” Jeongguk turned towards the door and Taehyung knew that it was now or never for him.“Wait, please, just… explain,” Taehyung said Jeongguk stilled. Taehyung got off the bed and walked towards Jeongguk, he still kept his distance.“Just answer few things, I don’t wanna keep thinking about it, I don’t wanna have things unsettled between us. Just explain.”Jeongguk stayed quiet and Taehyung spoke again.“Did it mean nothing to you? What we were, whatever we were.”“No,” Jeongguk looked away as he said that.“Were we nothing?”“Yes.”“Do you want to be with me?”“I don’t wanna be with anyone.”“I’m asking about myself.”“No.”“Do you have no feelings towards me?”“No.”“Were you not hurt when you were apart from me?”“No.”“Do you not think about me? Us?”“No.”“You’re a liar and a coward Jeon Jeongguk.” Taehyung let out a dry laugh.“You think, you saying such words will make me hate you or make me feel differently for you, but you’re wrong. Your words when they don’t meet my eyes, means nothing to me. You couldn’t face me while you said any of it. What is that guilt for? What are you hiding?”Taehyung took a step closer, Jeongguk stayed still, his eyes fixed on the wall.“I know what you’re doing and I know why you’re doing this. You think you’re protecting me from something but all I need right now is you. You think we are both better off without each other but you’re wrong. We are perfect. I want to be with you but I don’t want it if you don’t want. I’ll not beg you to be a part of my life if you clearly want to leave. Don’t think you’re saving me or protecting me by something, I can make my own decisions don’t make them for me.”Taehyung stepped closer and he could smell Jeongguk, he could feel the heat radiating from his body. Taehyung cupped Jeongguk’s cheeks and Jeongguk froze. Taehyung kissed the scar on Jeongguk’s cheek softly and pulled back.“I’m not going somewhere, but if waiting for you is me waiting my time, then tell me to stop,” Taehyung said and let the words hang in the air.Jeongguk couldn’t speak, couldn’t process words wisely enough to form proper sentences. He moved out of the door and walked out the door.Yoongi was with Jimin in the living room waiting for him.“Shall we leave?” Yoongi asked and Jeongguk bolted towards the door.Jeongguk stayed silent throughout the ride, he zoned out enough times to repeat the whole conversation in his head at least thrice.Taehyung’s words stayed with him. He couldn’t keep his mind off of the fact that Taehyung was wearing Jeongguk’s shirt. The one he said he wears whenever he felt anxious.But what Jeongguk did was needed to be done. Taehyung’s father would never approve, he was doing it more for Taehyung than for him.If Jeongguk could just convince himself that Taehyung and him are just not meant to be, then maybe the ache in his heart will go away.



Chapter End Notes
I am so sorry it took me forever to update. I really do hope to update things sooner from now on because i have a lot of time to write now.please do let me know how you like this and where you think the story is going.Enjoy and i hope you like this one. TELL ME ALL ABOUT IT.


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He woke up in the middle of the night. Couldn’t sleep. Whenever Jeongguk would close his eyes he could picture Taehyung, right next to him, with him. Just Taehyung. Things changed in the last couple of days, since the day the Kims came back, if he was being honest. Jeongguk was no longer Taehyung’s personal bodyguard. No longer his man, no longer the protector. It made sense in a lot of ways.Taehyung was always the one rescuing Jeongguk of his nightmares. He needed to stop thinking about Taehyung.Jeongguk went to the kitchen to get himself some water. There wasn’t much he wanted to do. Jimin invited him over for dinner but he rejected it, they would eventually talk about Taehyung and he just wasn’t ready.Namjoon and Yoongi even called him over but Jeongguk knew they both had plans with their men now. Their men. It made Jeongguk laugh.Namjoon, a clumsy man with a man who looks clumsy. The irony.Yoongi, a man of silence with the God of sound. The irony.Jeongguk thought of Taehyung, what would the people have thought of them if they were still together. Taehyung was always too good to be true, too good to be with someone like Jeongguk, too kind, too nice, too understanding, too loving.He thought of what Taehyung said that night, ‘You think you’re protecting me from something but all I need right now is you.’ Those words rang in Jeongguk’s ears. He heard the desperation in Taehyung’s voice, how Taehyung wanted him to believe him. How he needed Jeongguk to believe him.‘I’m not going somewhere, but if waiting for you is me wasting my time, then tell me to stop.’ Taehyung has said that night. That was the last thing Taehyung has said to Jeongguk. Should Jeongguk have asked him to stop. Stop waiting. Stop wanting him, stop believing in things so unbelievable.At that time, Jeongguk just wasn’t sure if anything he could have said would have meant something. It would have been fake and Jeongguk was anything but a fake.Jeongguk opened up his phone and scrolled through his text messages with Taehyung. There weren’t much, as they spent the majority of the time together, there wasn’t a need to text but still Taehyung has left messages in the middle of several nights, in the middle of several meetings, in the middle of several meals.‘You look happy,’ A text read from a couple of weeks ago. Jeongguk wasn’t even sure of the context anymore.If his phone was to be checked and his messages with Taehyung was read by an unknown person, they would think that Taehyung was a creep stalker. Jeongguk hardly ever replied to his messages, there were one-liners after every seven to eight messages. Jeongguk would call instead.Whenever he got a text from Taehyung and they weren’t together, Jeongguk would call. They would talk, so there wasn’t a need for texting but now Jeongguk wished he had. So that he had more things to read.So that there were more memories to go back to but there wasn’t and Jeongguk would have to live with that. He would be okay. They don’t have to cross paths anymore. Jeongguk no longer had to protect the man he would do anything for. “Please.”“I really want to.”“You always say that.”“I wish it was easy, I’m so sorry.”“You wanna make me believe you’re cheating on me, Joon?” Seokjin said softly but seriously, but no venom in his voice.“I can’t even flirt with you correctly, I highly doubt I have the skills to cheat.”“So, what you’re trying to say is, if you had the skills, you would have cheated.”There was silence on the phone and seokjin tried to hold his laugh. He always enjoyed teasing Namjoon.“You know that’s not what I meant.”“It sure did sound like it,” Seokjin rolled around in his bed. It was just an hour after midnight and Seokjin couldn’t sleep. This was the first time he was sleeping without Taehyung by his side.“Why are you up so late?” Namjoon asked.“Because I miss you,” Seokjin said sincerely. He had been tired, on the edge since last few days. Even though Taehyung had been doing better Seokjin has always been on the lookout for anything, any change in behaviour. He worked constantly and got around three to four hours of sleep. He thought he would pass out as soon as his head hit the pillow but instead his mind went to Namjoon. The Kim Namjoon.“You’re just saying that so I wouldn’t cheat on you.”“I would be heartbroken if you even did,” Seokjin said honestly, he debated if he should joke around but he wanted to Namjoon to know the truth.Seokjin heard some papers ruffling in the background before Namjoon replied, “I would never be able to forgive myself if I even became a reason for your heartbreak.”Seokjin smiled. Namjoon was good with words, bad with flirting but Seokjin would be okay with that.“Are you working?”“Yes, Yoongi sent over some papers and I had to look through it all, there’s a lot going on and we have several leads but...”“You’ll catch them. You’ll figure it out.” Seokjin wanted to add ‘You have to’ but he doesn’t want Namjoon to be more pressurized.“I miss you too,” Namjoon said suddenly and Seokjin smiled. Namjoon wasn’t the kind to express his feelings with words. Even when he’s expressive with everyone else, with Seokjin, he’s shy. He gets flustered. He wouldn’t express himself in words but rather in actions.If Namjoon was with Seokjin right now, he would hug him, his nose buried deep in Seokjin’s neck so he could smell him. His arms tight around Seokjin so there wasn’t even space for air between them. He would smile in his neck so Seokjin knows just how happy he was.But they were apart. They were away from each other and there wasn’t much that could be done right now.“When will I see you again? It feels like ages.” Seokjin hasn’t seen Namjoon in over five days, not long but long enough. They haven’t had time to talk either with the Kims always breathing down their necks.“Have you had dinner?” Seokjin asked.“Yoongi is getting me something,” Namjoon replied and Seokjin could hear the sleep in his voice.“Namjoon, it’s really really late, you shouldn’t be having dinner twelve hours after you’ve had your lunch.”“I like it when you call my name.”“Take care of yourself, I know you’re working really hard but you have to remind yourself to eat and rest.”“Even when you call me joon or joonie, my name sounds different on your lips.”“Set an alarm if you have to, or just let me know and I’ll call you and force you to eat.”“I wish you were here.” Then there was silence. Seokjin would never get used to Namjoon expressing himself, he gets shy with honesty.“Tell me to come and I’ll.”“You know I can’t ask you to do that,” Namjoon laughed.“Why?” Seokjin whined.“First, because it’s late and second, because of the Kims.”“I really used to love them, you know. They’ve helped me so much and I’m just so grateful but whatever they’re doing right now. It’s uncalled for.”“Who’ll tell them?”“Taehyung tried.”“For real?” Namjoon sat straight.“Yeah, he begged them to just have a proper lunch with Jeongguk, to get to know him and if they don’t like him after that, Taehyung would never see him again.”“Taehyung is really risking it all.”“Some people are worth the risk,” Seokjin said softly.“If I were the Kims and my hatred for Jeongguk was as strong as theirs, I would agree to Taehyung’s deal.”“Yeah? And do what?”“I would have a proper lunch and just tell Taehyung at the end of the day that I still don’t like Jeongguk and as promised Taehyung would never see Jeongguk again.”“But you can’t meet Jeongguk and say you don’t like him, that’s impossible.”“True, but I’m stubborn, you know.”“Weren’t that stubborn when my hands were-”“Don’t say it,” Namjoon cut him off and Seokjin started laughing.“Don’t get me in the mood, I’m begging you. I’ve a lot of work to do and I can’t be thinking about you or your hands or your skin or your face or your lips or your hair or your legs or your torso or your shoulders or your cheeks or your neck or your thighs or your ass or your chest or your fingers,” Namjoon said in a breath and paused to take a deep breath.“You’re falling in love, Kim Namjoon,” Seokjin laughed and if Namjoon was there he would have seen a blush on his face as well.“Yeah, you think so? We’ll see about that,” Namjoon laughed, suddenly feeling all hot.“Get some rest, Jin. You haven’t slept in a few days.”“Just say you have someone else to talk to,” Seokjin joked and Namjoon laughed.“Meet me tomorrow please, I’ll come to see you.”“You don’t have to, the Kims are really losing their shit here.”“I’ll come after lunch and take you with me and we can have dinner together and if it fits, you can even sleep over. Please. Please, I… I need you.”The amount of courage it took Namjoon to say ‘I need you’ was something only he knew. Namjoon hated ever relying on someone, he wanted to be self-sufficient. Then he met Yoongi and he realized that it’s okay to rely on a person when you fail.But with Seokjin, it was different. It wasn’t like his world would stop if Seokjin wasn’t with him but it sure as hell felt like that. Namjoon needed Seokjin in a way that was hard to explain, he has tried. Since the day he met Seokjin, he has tried to explain it to himself as to why he always wanted to be around him, always wanted to see him. But there was no other explanation than that made him happy, made him feel at peace.“Only if you cook,” Seokjin said softly. Namjoon knew Seokjin couldn’t promise him anything, the Kims were unpredictable. Namjoon wasn’t going to hold it against Seokjin if Seokjin wouldn’t be able to join him.“You can cook and I’ll cock,” Namjoon tried to found confident but sounded shy but it still made Seokjin laugh like crazy.“You’re getting there, I’ll go to bed now. All the best with Yoongi.”The hung up twenty minutes later. “I’m so sorry, so so so sorry,” Yoongi said as he packed his bag.“It’s okay, it’s not your fault.”“It shouldn’t have been like this, I’m so sorry,” Yoongi said over the phone.“Make me dinner to make it up to me,” Hoseok said and laughed.“I promise I will, where you say and whenever you say it.”“Don’t make me sound dirty,” Hoseok said and Yoongi smiled.“When are you reaching?” Yoongi asked.“In about ten minutes.”“I’ll stay on the call with you then, I really wish it was different,” Yoongi said.“I’m glad you called, even if it’s to babysit, I’m really glad you did. I feel like I haven’t heard from you in ages.”“We were together yesterday,” Yoongi pointed out.“I meant over the call, you don’t call anymore and I know you’re busy so I don’t push you.”“If you ever pushed me to call or something, It’ll be over.”“What will be over?”Yoongi stayed quiet, they haven’t defined anything, they know what they are but if they were to say it, they just don’t know anymore. “Then you can’t kiss me anymore,” Yoongi played safely and felt himself blush. Stupid Hoseok.“Oh, what would I do without those lips,” Hoseok said in a dramatic tone.“You can’t live, for starters. You’ll miss it so much that you’ll cry.”“And will you be able to live without mine?”“Of course, I was living just fine before I met you,” Yoongi said and he heard Hoseok’s breath, it felt like a heavy sigh. Yoongi regretted his words, maybe he shouldn’t have said it.“You know I don’t mean it like-”“I’m about to park, will see you in your apartment, open the door,” Hoseok said and hung up.The tone was odd now, Hoseok has never hung up without saying ‘bye’, it just wasn’t Hoseok and Yoongi blamed himself for it.When Yoongi opened the door, Hoseok greeted him with the brightest smile but it didn’t touch his eyes like they always do.“I don’t mean it.”“It’s okay,” Hoseok said in a whisper, too scared to wake Yeoun up.“No, it’s not, I didn’t mean it like that, I was just teasing you and when I heard it back, I realized how off it sounded.”“It wasn’t wrong though, you were fine before me and that’s nice, life shouldn’t always be miserable without love.”And they stayed quiet. Love. The word rang heavy in the room, echoed in the room and in Yoongi’s head. Hoseok stood frozen, too scared to even blink.“I-”“So-”They both started together and stopped together. No one was ready to talk first.“I’m in love with you,” Yoongi whispered, his heart too loud in his own ears that he couldn’t even hear himself. He wasn’t sure if he imagined those words or he really said them out loud.But Hoseok’s expression said he did, because when the fear converted into relief and a smile, Yoongi knew they would be okay.When Hoseok closed the distance between them and pressed their bodies together, held Yoongi’s head in his hands and pulled his face closer so their lips were just an inch away, Yoongi knew they would be okay.When Hoseok smiled and whispered “I love you, Min Yoongi,” Yoongi knew they would be okay.When Hoseok kissed him but couldn’t kept doing it because he kept smiling and laughing, Yoongi knew he would be okay.“You can’t even kiss me right, I take it back,” Yoongi teased, his heart beat still rocketing.“I knew you only wanted me for my heart-shaped lips and not my real heart,” Hoseok joked and Yoongi relaxed.“You’re so annoying,” Yoongi smiled and moved to the kitchen to catch his breath.“Do you think Namjoon and Seokjin have said it to each other yet?” Hoseok asked as he followed Yoongi.“We can’t be the first losers, I hope they have.”“What if we are the first?” Hoseok said hopefully.“Then as Taehyung once said, ‘We remain winning’.”That had Hoseok laughing loudly and Yoongi rushed to put his hand on Hoseok’s mouth.“Yeoun is sleeping, keep it quiet.” Yoongi glared back at Yeoun’s room.Hoseok wrapped his arms around Yoongi’s back and pulled him closer. “You really have to go?” He asked.“We’re so close and Namjoon is waiting for me, so yeah, I really have to,” Yoongi said as he relaxed in Hoseok’s arms.“I’ll see you tomorrow?”“First thing in the morning, I swear.”“And remind me again what all I have to do, I have never stayed with Yeoun alone for so long.”“She loves you-”“Like you do?” Hoseok teased and Yoongi blushed, still not used to the word.“I’m not competing with a child, especially my own.”“She wins anyway, I love her more.” In a weird way, it made Yoongi happy. Even if Hoseok was just teasing Yoongi, it made him happy. Just how close Hoseok and Yeoun have become. How comfortable they both are in each other’s presence and how she has started to react to his words.“You really don’t have to do much, she’s asleep now, she generally never wakes up early, I already told her I’m going out tonight and that you’ll be here. She gets up early though, so I'm really sorry for that.”“Hey, it’s fine, I can handle one early morning.”“So yeah, set an alarm or something for early morning, she gets up and is generally really loud, you don’t have to make her breakfast, I’ve milk and banana, just mash them and give it to her, she loves it.”“Noted, and if she starts crying?”“She wouldn’t, and if does, try talking to her calming, ask her a couple of times what happened and if she needs anything, otherwise just call me.”“Okay, I hope we don’t have to get to that.”Yoongi started picking up his stuff, he had to leave earlier but Hoseok has kept him busy.“I called my brother but he had an office party-”“Yoongi, I’m here, always. For you and for her.” Hoseok smiled and Yoongi couldn’t help himself, he got on his tip-toes and kissed Hoseok softly.“Thank you, always.”Yoongi rushed out the door and Hoseok went to get the lock. He cleaned up after Yoongi and made his way towards Yoongi’s bedroom.As he laid down, he could smell Yoongi, the scent so strong on the pillowcase and bed sheet, Hoseok wished he was there. He wished for Yoongi to always be with him. When Yoongi entered Namjoon’s apartment, he found Jeongguk on the couch.“You got here early, kid?” Yoongi said and placed the flood on the kitchen counter.Jeongguk got up to reheat the food so they all could finally grab some dinner, “Just reached here a few minutes before.”“Everything okay?”“As good as they could be.”Yoongi wanted to hug Jeongguk, to tell him that everything would be okay but he just wasn’t so sure of it himself, he wouldn’t want to lie and tell him something he doesn’t believe in himself.“I haven’t heard from him, if you’re wondering,” Jeongguk mentioned.Yoongi wasn’t wondering but it was sure that Jeongguk wanted to talk about it.“Do you wanna talk to him?”“I’m okay, it’s for the best, I guess. There’s nothing that can be said or done.”“Have you spoken to Jimin or Seokjin?”“Nah, I don’t see the need to. Jimin has dropped me a few messages and we have spoken here and there but never about Taehyung.”Yoongi stayed quiet, he wasn’t sure if Jeongguk wanted advice or not. Yoongi went ahead and squeezed Jeongguk’s shoulders to show his support and sympathy and Jeongguk just gave him a nod.“Let’s start?” Namjoon entered and grabbed a bowl.They all sat down and had dinner together, talked about random things just to have a conversation. Avoided topics like Seokjin, Hoseok, Taehyung, Jimin and Love.As soon as they were done with dinner, Yoongi made them all sit down near the couch.“Do you think we have something big?” Namjoon asked.“I wanna bet on it but I’m not too sure.”“I looked up everyone, Taehyung’s friends, family, close relatives, people his father works with, his ex-clients, people who have had a crush on him or were in love with him. Everyone, I looked up everyone and there’s not one thing they and the suspect have in common.” Jeongguk sounded frustrated. He was moreover annoyed at that point.“You missed out something,” Yoongi smiled.“What do you mean? You have something?”“Y’all were just looking at the wrong picture.”“Yoongi, stop playing the puzzle game and just tell us what you know,” Namjoon was getting hyper with excitement.“Ah, such idiots, should I tell you or continue this game?”“I’m gonna sue you, just tell us,” Jeongguk said and shook Yoongi.“Y’all were trying to connect people with the suspect whereas you should have tried connecting the suspect with the evidence we have, plus, connect the people in Taehyung’s life with the evidence and then connect them with the evidence. Then compare both those sides to rule out the people and we’ll be left with three people in total.”“Wait, what? I’m… I guess, I’m a little confused.” Jeongguk shook his head.“Wait… I… what did you do Yoongi? What did you find?”“The only hard piece of evidence we have with us is Jimin’s laptop. Because we know all the pictures that the suspect used was taken from Jimin’s laptop. Kims have not received any other new image since we started working, even though we know Jimin has clicked new pictures. Just means that we can rule out Jimin, because Kims received an old picture. The pictures they receive are never in sequence. Some were from 2017 and some from 2019. The suspect is just trying to act like he’s clicking them recently because the Kims themselves never notice Taehyung’s appearance.”“He has coloured his hair a hell lot of times, it’s true though,” Jeongguk said and smiled. Namjoon smiled at Jeongguk, a sad but soft smile.“True, which means that when Taehyung had purple hair, Kims shouldn’t have received a blonde Taehyung from two years ago. Sure they were panicked because it’s their son’s pictures and they thought that the person clicked it over the course of a few years. When in reality, they just had access to Jimin’s system and downloaded all the pictures at once.” Yoongi was getting excited.Namjoon was fairly quiet through it all, just sat back and heard everything being thrown at him.“What more do you have?” Jeongguk asked.“You remember how I asked you to give me information on where all his friends and families have been in the course of a year?” Yoongi asked Namjoon and Namjoon gave him a nod.“And you guys remember a few days ago when we were talking, we talked about how all the pictures were sent from Daegu? From an internet cafe. Except for like three pictures, which were sent via fake online generated number. Those are numbers only meant for texting and can be easily deleted with no trace.”“I told you about that, how could I forget?” Jeongguk looked visibly upset.“It’s okay, I remember what you said is more important.”“Jeongguk also got us the names and phone numbers which were used to generate those fake numbers.”“So, it takes a real number to create a fake number?” Namjoon asked and laughed.“Apps are that stupid and I guess the suspect understood that and that’s why they changed paths and started going to internet cafes.”“Yoongi, that’s huge,” Namjoon squealed.“I would love to take all the credit but Jeongguk got the last piece of the puzzle, he dug up the names of people who were using the phone from which the fake accounts were created.”“Tell already,”“Better, I have a whole file and each three.” Yoongi handed over the file he has been carrying and working on for days.They had all the details, time, place, name and number.“One of them sent it from Taehyung’s dad’s work-place.” Namjoon was shocked.“Hyungsik, Bogum and Seojoon works there as well,” Yoongi said and crossed his arms.“That’s not all, look, it has the name of the people who went to Daegu at the time the pictures were sent.”“Namjoon, I made the file, I know that.”“What do we do now?” Namjoon asked.“I don’t know, we have three names and we don’t have a solid suspect. We have three solid suspects and it’s not the work of three people, we know that for sure.”“Do we wait for them to strike again?” Namjoon questioned and laughed. That was a stupid thought.“We can’t risk that, considering we don’t know what they’re planning.”“I just… need a little time. There has to be something, something I’m missing.” Yoongi was frustrated.“Jeongguk, any thoughts?” Namjoon asked. Jeongguk has been quiet the whole time.“I can’t believe it slipped my mind. I told Yoongi about it just a few days ago and now I forgot about it,” Jeongguk hung his head down.“Hey, that’s fine, you have a lot going on.”“But it’s my job, my job is to find that piece of shit and to shove them in jail. It’s what I had to do.” Jeongguk was upset and angry.“Hey, Jeongguk, no, your job was to protect Taehyung and is to protect Taehyung. I assigned you to that task and you’re doing that perfectly. There’s not a single scratch on Taehyung and he’s fine.” Namjoon tried to reason with Jeongguk.“Helping me with investigating is just what you’re doing extra, it’s not your primary work,” Yoongi added.“You’re doing exactly what you are supposed to.”“I can’t protect him,” Jeongguk said, his voice almost a whisper.“I can’t protect him if I’m here and he’s there. I don’t know how to protect him from here,” Jeongguk said angrily and rubbed his face.Namjoon and Yoongi stayed quiet. Nothing to add to that, Jeongguk wasn’t wrong. Even though Taehyung had a new person to guard him and two more just outside his house, none of them were Jeongguk.“I’m sorry, it’s like this.” Namjoon comforted Jeongguk by rubbing a hand on his back.“It should have been easy, it shouldn’t have to be this hard.”“Rest for now, take my room, just rest and we’ll figure out things tomorrow.” Namjoon made Jeongguk stand up and walked him towards his bedroom.“He asleep?” Yoongi asked when Namjoon returned.“Trying to,” Namjoon replied.Yoongi got up to get himself water when his phone rang.“Can you see it?” Yoongi asked Namjoon who was closer to the phone.“It’s a missed call. Your brother.”“Yeah, he does that to make sure he doesn’t disturb my sleep if I’m asleep. Text him that Hoseok is staying over and I’m at your place and I’ll talk to him tomorrow.”Namjoon unlocked Yoongi’s phone and opened his messages, saw his brother’s name and started typing a message.“You have an unread message from Seokjin as well,” Namjoon said with a smile on his face.“Yeah, I’ll get back to it tomorrow, I haven’t had the time today.”“You two talk much?” Namjoon asked casually as soon as Yoongi sat down.“Don’t worry, I’m not stealing your man.”Namjoon laughed.“We are planning to go fishing after this mess is over. He said he knows a place and the fish there is good as well.”“So, you guys are gonna hang out? Alone?”“Do you don’t want us to?” Yoongi questioned. They’ve never dated someone the other already knew. So, Yoongi wasn’t sure if Namjoon was possessive or just concerned.“No, I just never knew you guys were this close. Seokjin has mentioned you at times but I always assumed it’s just the small talks when you meet.”“We talk now and then, he cooks and I cook. We talk about food and he knows about food more than me, plus he gives me advice on what I can cook for Yeoun.”“He knows about Yeoun?” Namjoon was surprised. Yoongi has been very cautious with it comes to Yeoun. He has never spoken to someone as if he has a child. It was a surprise to Namjoon.“He doesn’t but I told him my friend has a daughter and he asked if you’re that friend and we joked about how you can’t handle kids.”“You guys talk about me?”“You’re the common link.”“What does he say about it?” Namjoon asked and Yoongi realized that they no longer are discussing Yeoun.“He doesn’t talk about your sex life if that’s what you’re asking,” Yoongi teased and Namjoon got shy.“I wasn’t.”“Good, I don’t even wanna talk about it. But he doesn’t say much. Just would curse you at times.”Namjoon’s smile dropped.“Not… no, not in a bad way. But like he would go, ‘it’s three in the afternoon and I’m sure stupid Namjoon hasn’t had lunch yet’. Always with concern. Like just today, he called me and when I told him I’ve going over at your place tonight he said, ‘that idiot must be so lost in work he would forget dinner, can you take some for him?’ and so here we are.”“Wait… Seokjin asked you to get dinner for me?”“Yeah, do you think I wanted to cook for you?”“Yes, I thought you were caring.”“Joke’s on you then,” Yoongi said and made himself comfortable on the sofa.“He does care about you a lot,” Yoongi said softly and Namjoon looked up at him.“He is always worried about you, not taking care of yourself. Not thinking of yourself. Not having proper food to eat, especially when you can’t cook. Not getting enough rest, not wearing warm. That’s why he always wants to be around you, to push you to do things for yourself. For you to take care of yourself more,” Yoongi said and watched Namjoon.Namjoon just gave him a nod, something heavy in his throat. He couldn’t speak. He thought he would cry if he were to open his mouth.Namjoon has never had anyone take care of himself. Never had anyone who was worried about him. Never had anyone who showed concern or wanted to do anything for him selflessly.Now he had Seokjin, who wanted to do all that and would ask for nothing in return. Who would do more than he could and still not have expectations. Now he had someone to lean on to at any given time.“Don’t you talk to Hoseok?” Yoongi tried changing the subject when he realized Namjoon has gone deep in thoughts.“Yeah, sometimes, but I generally never know what to say or how much to ask. I have dropped him a message a couple of times when we couldn’t find you but it has always turned out that your phone was on silent and it has concerned Hoseok because he would think that you’re out and no one knows about it.”“You worry him?” Yoongi asked and sat up defensively.“Not intentionally, we always just assume you were with him when we couldn’t find you. But it would turn out to be something stupid. Like that one time, you left your phone in your apartment when you were coming to see me and I couldn’t get a hold of you, so I called him.”“You’re gonna make him wonder if I’m cheating on him or something.”“You wouldn't.”“We both know that but does he know that?”“He likes you a lot.” Namjoon wanted to get on a safer topic. Yoongi smiled, having dropped the L word, it was just funny.“How would you know?” Yoongi shrugged.“The always bright Hoseok gets brighter when you’re around. It’s pretty annoying. His eyes follow your every move, there’s a stupid smile on both of your faces whenever you’re around each other.”Yoongi laughed.“Does he get along with Yeoun?” Namjoon asked the question that has been on his mind for so long. He knows just how much the kid meant to Yoongi. How Yoongi would make or break up with people just for her.“They are fine, she has started teaming up with him and they both started ganging up on me. She hates apples but has started eating it because Hosoek would offer. Like, the only plus point of them getting along is that she is not as picky about food as before.”“You sound happy about it,” Namjoon teased and Yoongi smiled shyly.“I was very scared that she would hate him. They wouldn’t get along. They will have a hard time. That it would be just horrible for everyone. I would have to say goodbye to him and we would never be able to be together. I wouldn’t want that but it all turned out pretty decent.”“When are you planning on introducing her to the rest of them? Or you don’t want to?” Namjoon asked.“I mean, I want to, of course, but… if I’m being honest, with the way things are with the Kims, I just don’t know if Seokjin, Jimin or Taehyung would be in my life for long. I don’t want her to meet people who would eventually vanish from my life. Like, if it was a one-time thing, I would have let it slide and even would have invited them over. But we hang out. All of us and I don’t know if it’ll be the same way after our contract with them is over.”Namjoon stayed quiet as Yoongi explained to him how he felt.“I hope you get it.”“I do, I get it. I understand.”“Also, I would want to be able to hang out with Yeoun outside of our house without being scared that someone I know will catch me. There have been times when someone from the company saw me with her and they would always assume she’s my brother’s child and I always continued on with the lie but with them, the three of them, I don’t feel like lying.”That made Namjoon happy, that was a big statement from Yoongi.“Maybe expect from Jimin.”“Hey,” Namjoon said and gave him a look.“What? I have my doubts about him. I refuse to believe that he doesn’t know anything. How? So much has happened. All three names we saw today, Jimin knows all of them, he is close with all of them.”“I don’t think he knows anything, he isn’t that good a liar and I just don’t think he would do that to Taehyung.”“You also thought Seokjin doesn’t like you, so, I shouldn’t be listening to your thoughts.”“Hey, I also thought you like Hoseok.”“Because I was making it obvious.”They argued over it for a little longer than needed and then made their way to bed. “You’re up early,” Seokjin said over the call.“Hmm… jugol,” Namjoon replied.“What?” Seokjin asked in confusion.“Ju col,” Namjoon tried his best to speak but he was too sleepy.“It’s seven in the morning, you’re always up by six… are you sleeping?” Seokjin said in panic.“Hmm… I'm upno,” Namjoon tried again but failed.“Baby, please, sorry, sleep. I’ll speak later. I’ll drop a text. I just wanted to say you can come to pick me up by noon.” Before Namjoon could reply Seokjin has hung up.Namjoon ran his hand over the bed and realized that Yoongi has left. He just wanted to see his kid and Namjoon wouldn’t complain. Yoongi was excited when he left, way too excited. He imagined a ridiculous picture of Yeoun and Hoseok in bed in the most adorable way together. Yoongi would take a picture before asking Hoseok to get up.It way just a few minutes before seven when Yoongi opened the door to his apartment. The lights were still off, he smiled to himself. As he closed the door and turned on the light, he felt something strange. There was a smell.“You’re here,” Yeoun’s voice rang in the living room as she rushed towards Yoongi.That’s when it hit him, he ran towards the kitchen and took Yeoun into his arms. He hugged her and kissed her as he made her sit on the couch.“Can you wait for me here? I need to talk to Hoba alone,” he said as softly as he could manage.She nodded and sat back on the couch and he handed her a banana from the counter.“Eat this, you haven’t had breakfast yet, right? Have this and I’ll make you something else soon.”Yoongi made his way towards where Hoseok slept in his bed and closed the door. Made sure to not turn on the lights.“Hoseok,” Yoongi said bitterly. Hoseok was still fast asleep.“Get up,” Yoongi raised his voice, enough to scream in the room but not loud to leave the room.“Hoseok, get up,” Yoongi was close to Hoseok as he said.“Hey, you’re here,” Hoseok greeted Yoongi with half an eye open and a big smile on his face. The same smile Namjoon was talking about, the same smile that just appears whenever Yoongi was around.“Get out,” Yoongi said with his teeth pressed.“What?” Hoseok couldn’t register, he moved a little to make space for Yoongi to get in bed with him.“I said get the hell out of my house,” Yoongi said with his teeth pressed. He tried his best to lowers his voice, for his own daughter’s sake.“What’s going on?” Hoseok sat up, he just then realized that the situation was much more serious than he anticipated.“Where’s Yeoun?” Yoongi asked.The panic rushed through Hoseok’s face. “Did something happen?” Hoseok said in horror. “Where is she?”“I trusted you with her,” Yoongi said as slowly as he could.“What happened?”“Can’t you smell it?” Yoongi asked and that’s when the smell hit Hoseok.The smell of gas, the raw and fresh, strong smell of gas. Hoseok panicked. He opened his mouth but no word came out.“Get out,” Yoongi said with venom in his voice.“Yoongi, I swear… I’m so sorry… Yoongi,” Hoseok couldn’t understand how he could make it up to him. He was scared.“Leave.”“Is she okay?” Hoseok asked with a trembling voice.“She’s sitting outside, pick up your stuff and leave.”“I’m so sorry, this will never happen next ti-”“Yes, because there will be no next time. Leave.”Hoseok picked up his stuff and made his way out to the living are.“Hoba,” Yeoun screamed and rushed towards Hoseok.“Good morning to you too, little one,” Hoseok smiled and hugged her tightly. He knew better than to act differently with her.She was wrapped in a blanket, the living room was cold, Yoongi had some windows open to let the gas out and Hoseok’s chest was hurting.“Papa is gonna make food,” Yeoun said as she smiled at the adults.“That’s great. Eat diligently, he’s a good chef,” Hoseok replied.“Chaf?” Yeoun sounded confused.“Cook. Chef is another word for a cook,” Hoseok tried explaining.Hoseok then hugged her again, for some wrong reasons it felt like he wasn’t going to be seeing her ever again. His throat started closing up.“You take care of yourself, okay? And you take care of your father.”“You?” Yeoun asked.“What about me?” Hoseok asked in confusion.“Papa will take care of you?” Yeoun said and Hoseok just smiled. He couldn’t lie to a child, couldn’t like to Yeoun. “I have to go now,” he said softly.“Stay for breakfast,” she said.“I really can’t, I have to be somewhere,” Hoseok said and Yeoun pouted. She pouted like Yoongi. How Yoongi would pout when people won’t pay attention to what he was saying, or when he was concentrating.Yeoun must not be Yoongi’s biological daughter but she sure as hell had a lot of Yoongi-traits in her.“Papa said you’ll stay,” Yeoun said.“And I want to stay,” Hoseok replied. His words meant more than one thing. Yoongi knew about it.Hoseok ruffled Yeoun’s hair and gave her head a kiss. He stood and walked towards the door, he just couldn’t look at Yoongi. Too ashamed of how careless he was.“Yoongi,” he said in a whisper when he reached the door.“Don’t. Just go,” Yoongi sounded pissed. Hoseok would be too if it was Hoseok.“I’m really really sorry. I just never realized when she woke up. I would never harm her, never ever.”“You wouldn’t have to either,” Yoongi said and closed the door.Hoseok stood outside for a few minutes. Waited for it all to be a big joke or a big misunderstanding and for it all to be over.Yoongi showed no emotion, no emotion whatsoever. Hoseok somewhere understood that, Yoongi has a child to take care of.Hoseok messed up and Hoseok knew it, he slept through his alarm and just lost track of the time. He should have been more attentive, especially when there’s a child involved. A sorry wasn’t going to cut it and he knew it, but when Yoongi just straight out refuse to talk with him and just wouldn’t listen to him, what else was left for him to do. “You guys haven’t spoken since?” Taehyung asked as they cleaned dishes right after lunch.“No,” Hoseok said quietly.“No text, no calls, nothing?” Seokjin asked.“Nothing. I mean, I texted several times but no replies.”“How many days since you last talked to him?” Jimin asked.“Three days, I don’t know what else to do.”“I just saw him yesterday, he was here, and he acted all normal and was very friendly to me. I could never have guessed,” Taehyung said in surprise.“What happened though?” Seokjin asked and Hoseok became nervous, he hated lying to his best friends. But it was Yoongi’s truth.“Some stupid things but I messed up, big time,” Hoseok said and it wasn’t all a lie.“How major was the mistake? And why can’t you tell us about it? Did you cheat on him?” Jimin asked and when Hoseok stayed quiet Seokjin threw the kitchen towel at Hoseok.“You didn’t cheat on him, did you? You can’t do that to him,” Seokjin yelled.“No, I didn’t. How can I? He’s the best thing that has happened to me,” Hoseok said and felt the pain in his chest again. The faint pain and heaviness have been in his chest since he left Yoongi’s apartment. He hasn’t slept well and even though it showed, he was glad no one bought it up.“What did you do Hoseok?” Jimin asked with concern and before Hoseok could reply, there was a loud noise from the entrance.“What are you doing here?” Mr. Kim has yelled.“My job.” When Taehyung heard it, he froze. The voice he could recognize anywhere.“And may I ask what that is, mister?”“Yes, you may.”“Don’t show your attitude to me. I already have a replacement for you, don’t make me bring in your boys to throw you out of my property. You know I would love to watch it,” Mr. Kim said.“You don’t have a replacement for me, I’m reporting back to duty as of right now,” Jeongguk said.Seokjin, Jimin and Hoseok moved towards Taehyung and Taehyung sat down on the floor, he could hear everyone very clearly, even from such a distance.“I’ll call Namjoon, I’ll have you fired. You watch, kid.”Namjoon entered with the mention of his name.“Good that you’re here, get rid of him,” Mr. Kim said angrily.“I beg your pardon?” Namjoon asked politely and Jeongguk tried his best to not crack a smile at the choice of words.“Fire him, I don’t want him near my son.”“But that’s his job,” Namjoon said as calmly as he could.There was silence for a solid thirty seconds. Mr. Kim registered Namjoon’s words.“I hired you all. I am your owner.”“You hired our services, you don’t own us as individuals… sir,” Namjoon tried explaining.“And I don’t want this man’s service,” Mr. Kim said and pointed towards Jeongguk, “near my son, what do you not understand.”“As far as I recall, you signed a contract and it was stated in the contract that Jeon Jeongguk would be a personal bodyguard to Kim Taehyung. You signed that, Sir.”“And I wanna rewrite the goddamn thing if that’s an issue, my lawyer will send you a new one before the end of the day.”“I’m afraid that’s not in our best interest.”“What?” Mr. Kim wasn’t registering it right.“What I’m trying to say is, you contacted us because we are one of the best there is in the country. You want our services because we’ll get the job done without getting the victim harmed. We’ve been able to be so successful because we know each person’s best position in the company. If roles are reversed, it’ll all fall apart. Jeongguk can try his best at doing what I do but he’ll never be as good as I am. Same goes for me, I can try my best and do Jeongguk’s job but I’ll never be as good as Jeongguk.”Mr. Kim laughed loudly, something humoured him.“You call yourself ‘the best’? Taehyung nearly got shot because of your jackass.”“Sir, with all due respect, it was you who called us the best. If you want, I can forward you that email. Taehyung nearly got shot, it’s true, but he wasn’t shot. He was physically unharmed. You’ve not received as many pictures as you used to.”“I don’t want him near my son.”“Then the whole company goes, if you’re ready to dissolve the contract, we’re free to discuss that as well.” Namjoon stayed confident and had a faint smile on his face.“This has got to be a joke,” Mr. Kim laughed.“I’m afraid not, Sir.”“Let’s go outside and talk, there is no way I’m keeping this filth near my son,” Mr. Kim said.“You can’t talk to him like that,” Namjoon said before anyone could move.“What?”“You can’t call Jeongguk names, or for that matter, you can’t call any of my colleagues' names. That’s against the protocol of my company. I’ll not let any of the employees get harassed by the client.”“Are you threatening me?”“Sir, I’m just letting you know how the company runs. If the same thing happens again, we’ll have to take legal actions against you.”“I said, let’s go outside and talk.”As soon as Namjoon, Jeongguk and Mr. Kim left the house Taehyung felt like he could breathe again, his heartbeat was fast, his head was spinning but he could breathe.“He was hot,” Jimin yelled.“He could be like that at times,” Seokjin said proudly.“Man, please just… wow, Seokjin, have a good time with him today, he seemed all riled up.”“You know I like it rough,” Seokjin teased and winked.“OH MY GOD, we didn’t need to hear that,” Hoseok yelled and everyone started laughing.“You’re okay?” Seokjin asked Taehyung when everyone calmed down.“What if my dad fires them? Dissolves the contract. Then what? Will it be all over? Does that mean it’s all over?” Taehyung asked with trembling lips.“Hey, it’ll be okay. Your father can’t lock you up in the house, you know that. Don’t worry too much. Let’s just see what happens. Where it goes.” Hoseok ruffled Taehyung’s hair.“I have a plan,” Jimin said. “Why don’t Seokjin and I go out for a walk, to spy on them. Both of you can rest till then, we’ll let you know what’s happening when we get back.”“That’s actually not that bad a plan,” Hoseok said and took Taehyung inside.Jimin and Seokjin walked outside.“That’s not your plan, what’s your real plan?” Seokjin asked in a whisper as soon as they stepped outside.“Where’s your phone?” Jimin asked.“Here,” Seokjin fished his phone from his coat pocket.“Throw it if you’re never gonna use it. Namjoon called you thrice before dropping me a message.”Seokjin unlocked his phone and saw missed calls from Namjoon.“What did he say?” Seokjin asked.“He wants you to meet him at the backside of the house,” Jimin said.“And where are you gonna go?” Seokjin asked.“I have some work to do. You go, have fun, go wild. I’ll call you soon.”“Don’t call me… I mean-”“I get it, disgusting. I love you, Seokjin.”“This is so random, you’re worrying me here, kido.”Jimin just laughed and hugged Seokjin tightly.Seokjin ran and made his way to the back, he waited for Namjoon to show up for a while but he didn’t, Seokjin ended up calling him,“Where are you?” Namjoon asked as soon as he picked up.“Towards the back, as you asked,” Seokjin said.“I’m at the back as well,” Namjoon replied.“Then why can’t I see you?”“Wait… are you the guy, wearing an oversized pink coat with an oversized green scarf wrapped all-around your head?” Namjoon asked in disbelief.“Stop stalking me and come pick me up.”“God, you’re truly something, Seokjin.” Namjoon laughed.“Pick me up, stupid.”Namjoon drove towards Seokjin and opened the door for him.“I was just arou-” before Namjoon could finish speaking Seokjin’s lips smashed into his. It wasn’t painless, if he was being honest. But the pain wasn't discomforting enough for Namjoon to pull away. He leaned closer, his hand on Seokjin’s neck as he pulled him closer.Seokjin pulled back just a second later. “If Taehyung’s dad saw us right now, catch your ass in jail, Joonie.”“What?” Namjoon laughed because Seokjin was nervous and wasn’t making sense.“I’m happy to see your stupid face, if you can’t tell.”“Oh, I could tell, my teeth could too.”“I’m so sorry for that, I didn’t mean-”“I’m joking, please.”They drove silently to Namjoon’s house. Seokjin was too scared to ask, too scared to know if this was the last time he was seeing Namjoon.It wasn’t like if the contract was over that they would stop seeing each other. It just would be a lot difficult. They wouldn’t be able to sneak out easily like they could now.“I’ve something for you,” Namjoon said as soon as they entered.“A gift?” Seokjin asked and Namjoon gave him a nod.“You know your dick is not a gift, right?” Seokjin teased and Namjoon made a sad face.“Just give it to me,” Seokjin said and laughed at Namjoon’s embarrassed face.Namjoon went inside his room and Seokjin sat down on the couch. Seokjin still had Namjoon’s house key, he wasn’t sure if he would ever need it but he had it neither the less.“Close your eyes,” Namjoon said as he came back.“And open my mouth?” Seokjin asked and sat down straight.Namjoon rolled his eyes and just handed the gift to Seokjin.“What is this?” Seokjin asked in disbelief. He wasn’t expecting anything but he got more confused when he received the gift.It was a sweatshirt type of a t-shirt; he was confused if he was being honest. It was blue in colour but had four stripes on one side of the biceps.“Are you saying you hate my fashion sense?” Seokjin joked and Namjoon panicked.“No no no no no, it’s not like this. I’m sorr-”“Relax, Joonie. I’m teasing you. Still very confused though.”“I… I… Well when we were hired, your birthday was just a week ago or so. And I was shopping for myself and I saw this and thought of you, how it’ll suit you so well. I thought giving it to you on your birthday will be great but it’ll be a year later and I just couldn’t wait that long. So, I just… got it for you. If you don’t like it, we can return it for sure.”“What a shame.”“I’m sorry, we can return it, you can get anything else,” Namjoon’s voice was painful and something in Seokjin unsettled. He was falling harder than he expected him to be.“No, what a shame that you look at clothes and think of me in clothes. On the other hand, I see you in clothes and I always imagine of ways I can get you out of them.”That had Namjoon smiling, they were sitting face to face. Namjoon on the floor, just near Seokjin’s legs and Seokjin on the couch.“So, what do you think?” Namjoon asked.“I like it.”“Really?” Namjoon looked up at him with hopeful eyes.“Not as much as I like you, but pretty close.” Seokjin kissed Namjoon’s forehead and Namjoon looked down.“If you see me wearing this a lot, don’t complain.”“If that happens, I might end up buying you more.”“I’ll probably just steal some of yours.”“Please take them, I have way too many and I never get time to get rid of them, you have the key to the apartment, just get in and steal a few.”Seokjin went silent. “About that,” he started, “are you okay with me coming to your place uninvited?”“What?”“I mean, I do have the keys but I never know if it’s okay for me to use.”“Jinnie,” Namjoon squeezed Seokjin’s hand and kissed them. “You’re always invited, even if I’m not here, you can always come here. Any time of the day or night. Please never hesitate to be here if you want to.”“What if one day I just get my suitcase and get all my stuff here? Then, you’ll ask me to leave?” Seokjin tried to play it lightly, his throat started to close up. No one has cared about him the way Namjoon has. No one has looked at him the way Namjoon has. Everyone has looked at him as the funny one, the loud one, the oldest one.“There would be nothing I would love more, the fact that I could return to my apartment and it smells like you, smells like home,” Namjoon said and smiled at Seokjin.“I’ll give you every inch of this apartment to keep your things, you can stay here for as long as you want,” Namjoon continued.Seokjin took in a trembling breath and laughed, dropped his head back on the couch and blinked his eyes continuously as he fought back the tears.“Stop talking or I’m going back,” Seokjin laughed and said. He felt Namjoon laugh with him and sat down next to him. Seokjin kept his eyes closed. His head still thrown back.“You mean a lot to me, Seokjin,” Namjoon said softly and kissed Seokjin’s neck.They stayed in silence for a while. Seokjin tried his best to control his emotions. His head was spinning, his body was warm and his heartbeat was fast.“Let’s eat, you haven’t eaten yet,” Seokjin said and stood up to cook something.“You need any help with cooking?”“Slice me some onions.”Namjoon stood up and followed, he wanted to mention he doesn’t know how to but he stayed quiet.“We met Mr. Kim today and I think there’s something you should know,” Namjoon said.“No, not now and not today. We’ll talk about it tomorrow. Please.”“Okay, sure.” Jimin rang the bell vigorously.“Have you lost it?” Yoongi yelled as soon as he opened the door.“I just wanted to let you know that I’m not leaving till we talk.”“One ring should have been enough.”“What if you wouldn’t have opened the door.”“You should have gotten the hint then.”“Anyway, less of that and more of why I’m here.”Yoongi rolled his eyes and sat down on the couch.Yeoun was in the room, he has asked her to play with her toys but he himself was aware that she could barge in any minute.“Aren’t you gonna offer me water or food or anything?” Jimin asked.“No.”“I’ll make myself comfortable.” Jimin went to the kitchen and grabbed something to eat.“Why are you here?” Yoongi asked.“I came to visit a friend.”“I told you not to ever come to my house uninvited.”“Don’t make me feel bad, I’m here for a reason.”“You should have called,” Yoongi said.“You wouldn’t have picked up,” Jimin replied and Yoongi stayed quiet.“It’s about Hoseok,” Jimin said.“I don’t wanna hear anything from you.”“You’re acting like a child, you know that,” Jimin said as he tried to hit a nerve and Yoongi laughed.“Oh am I? Do you even know what happened?” Yoongi asked. He was sure Hoseok would never out Yoongi like that but he just wanted to know whatever excuse Hoseok gave.“I know enough to know that you both are acting stupid.”“Don’t get yourself into things you don’t know.” Yoongi was starting to lose patience.“Then tell me.”“What?”“Tell me what happened? Because Hoseok wouldn’t say a word. He kept blaming himself, kept saying how it’s his fault and he respects your decision.”“Then, just listen to him.”“He’s always beating himself up, always. Even if it’s not truly all his fault. You know something, you’re to blame as well, right?”“Of course, for trusting him too blindly,” Yoongi reverted.“The fact that you can let something stupid and unimportant get in between, just shows of less you cared about him.”“You really think you’re gonna sit here and tell me how much I care about Hoseok?”“When you’re gonna act like a child, you leave me no other choice.”Yoongi was frustrated but he didn’t own an explanation to Jimin.“Leave.” Yoongi tried his best to not lose his temper.“Why? Because you can’t face the truth? This is not the first time you’ve hurt Hoseok, you played him before and now you’re doing it again.”“Jimin, don’t say things you’ll regret, just leave.”“Regret? Do you really don’t see it? You made him believe you’re interested and then you pushed him away and now, because you had a stupid disagreement or some shit you’re pushing him away again.”Yoongi stood up.“Hoseok deserves better than you, Yoongi.”Yoongi bolted into the room and Jimin let out a laugh in mockery.When Yoongi came out Jimin was still there.“You expected me to leave, didn’t you?” Jimin asked and crossed his arms. Jeongguk wasn’t lying when he said that Jimin could be scary when he gets angry.Jimin froze when he noticed a small girl peeked out from the side of Yoongi’s leg.“It’s okay, come here,” Yoongi said softly as he pushed Yeoun out in the open.“Go, say hello,” Yoongi said to Yeoun, his expressions as soft as they could get.Yeoun looked up at Yoongi and then hesitated before making her way towards Jimin.She bowed to Jimin as she greeted him and Jimin stood up in a panic, he wasn’t sure what was going on. Jimin greeted her back and forced a smile on his face.“I’m Jimin, hello,” he said.“I’m Yeoun,” she replied.“Yeoun, why don’t you go inside and arrange your toys according to your favourite colour. Then I’ll come and have a look,” Yoongi said and Yeoun nodded her head enthusiastically.“That’s my daughter,” Yoongi said proudly.“Yours and Hoseok’s?” Jimin almost screamed.“No, just mine.”“You’re cheating on Hoseok?” Jimin couldn’t think straight.“No. Hoseok knows. She’s adopted. She’s my child. She is my number one priority.”Jimin understood that and suddenly he wasn’t feeling so good.“You wanna know what happened, right?”Jimin wasn’t sure of that anymore.“Hoseok was here taking care of her when I was away. They both slept in different rooms. I trust Hoseok, I have never trusted anyone in such a short time but he somehow won me over. I came back home right before seven, I guess and the whole house smelled of gas. She was playing with gas. Couldn’t press the stove button hard to turn it on, but was easily able to rotate the buttons.”Jimin looked guilty, he shouldn’t have said what he did earlier.Yoongi continued. “I went to look for Hoseok and found him sleeping soundlessly while my daughter was out there trying to play with fire. Just one push and the whole house would have burned down. I opened all the windows and wrapped her up in a blanket.”“Yoongi, I’m-”“Don’t.” Yoongi showed him his hand for him to stop talking.“I’m not done yet. You don’t expect me to blame a child for doing what she did. She was under surveillance, she was supposed to be looked out by Hoseok. I know Hoseok has sacrificed a lot of nights for her. I would always be grateful for that but I couldn’t risk her safety like that anymore.”“I didn’t know,” Jimin said, his voice almost a whisper.“Now please, yell at me and tell me how I was wrong. How I’m the one acting childish, how it’s partly my fault as well. You want me to hear him out. I already know things he’s gonna say. Nothing he could say that would change anything. Jimin, if it comes to picking between Hoseok and my own daughter, I’ll always pick her. If it’s my daughter against anyone, I’ll always pick her.”“I’m so sor-”“Leave and next time don't ring the bell so many times, you woke her up and she won’t sleep for hours now.”Jimin wanted to stay, to apologize but he just couldn’t, he stood up and walked towards the door. Yoongi followed.“Yoongi, just one thing, please,” Jimin said before Yoongi could stop him.“I know there’s nothing that Hoseok could say to make it right. And I know that you know it was an honest mistake. It was just a huge mistake. But I also know how much you mean to Hoseok and just how much Hoseok means to you. I’m sorry for whatever I said to you earlier, I was just trying to hurt your feelings because you hurt my friend. But I was wrong. I hope you and Hoseok could work something out.”Yoongi stayed quiet.“I’ll just leave then. Oh and...” Jimin smiled, a genuine smile, “Yeoun is truly so beautiful, cutest baby I’ve ever seen.”Yoongi wanted to smile but he just closed the door as Jimin left. Jeongguk took a deep breath, counted from ten to zero and opened the door.His eyes scanned the room and for a familiar face but there was none. He stayed there for about twenty to thirty minutes before he heard the bathroom door open and the lights to the room turn on.Taehyung stood there in shock. His eyes wide open as he dropped the towel.Jeongguk let his eyes rest on Taehyung’s face for a while before he noticed his appearance. Taehyung was in his night suit, a shirt with a matching pyjama, over it he had Jeongguk’s shirt on. Taehyung’s hair was wet from the shower but they weren’t dripping as much, Taehyung must have dried them with his towel on his way out.They stood there, face to face and no one moved. Jeongguk had dreamt of the day for long, too long maybe.“You look good,” Jeongguk said to break the silence.“My beauty was everything you were after, after all,” Taehyung joked and Jeongguk felt like he could breathe again. Like the weight from his shoulders has been lifted.“If you’re here to tell me that your contract is done and that we’ll never see each other again, just say it. Don’t sugar-coat it,” Taehyung said as he made his way towards the bed.Jeongguk has always liked it, Taehyung has always been so straightforward with him.“How do you know?”“I was there,” Taehyung said.“So, you heard everything?” Jeongguk asked.“Not what you said outside, but whatever you guys talked here.”Jeongguk took a step towards Taehyung but stopped, moved back and stood right where he was.“I’m not going anywhere,” Jeongguk said honestly.“I’ve heard that before,” Taehyung said honestly, he wrapped a blanket till around his waist.Jeongguk stayed quiet, he wanted to confess that he thought it was for Taehyung’s best interest and that was the reason why he did what he did.“Are you going to keep standing there?” Taehyung asked after a while.“Do you want me to leave?” Jeongguk asked.“Will you do everything I ask you to?” Taehyung asked in return.“Yes,” Jeongguk replied in a heartbeat.“You know, I never asked you to leave in the first place. How can I trust you now?” Taehyung tilted his head to get a better look at Jeongguk’s expression.Jeongguk stayed quiet.“You know you’ll have to speak at some point.”“How are you so calm?” Jeongguk asked, his voice pained.“Because I’m not expecting much. I expected it before and you can see where it got us. I was happy and I let myself be happy. I let myself be with carelessly, I never thought of the consequences. I know how my parent’s mind works. I should have known better. I can’t put it on you.”“Taehyung,” Jeongguk whispered out his name and Taehyung smiled.“You know what’s funny. It’s my name. ‘Taehyung’, I’ve heard it so many times from so many mouths, under different circumstances. Angry, happy, sad, disappointed, moan, excited, whisper, in a lot of emotions but never the way you say it. Like it means something, like it holds some weight. Like it holds meaning, it always makes me smile. I hate it,” Taehyung said and laughed.“You’ve been reading way too many books lately,” Jeongguk tried to laugh it off, couldn’t speak because of his throat itching with heaviness.Taehyung laughed again, “I was heartbroken, what were you expecting? All I did the whole day was google ‘sad quotes.” Taehyung joked and when Jeongguk’s eyes met his, Taehyung shifted and patted the bed for Jeongguk to come and sit next to him.Jeongguk walked hesitantly, sat opposite of Taehyung instead. “You’re in my room, right when my parents are outside. Am I dreaming?” Taehyung whispered.“They’re not home.”“How? I mean… how and why would they leave when they know you’re here. Or they don’t know?” Taehyung asked, still whispering.“Seokjin,” was all Jeongguk said.“Explain,” Taehyung said and switched off the main lights of the room, just had the night lights on so the room illuminated but the light wasn’t blinding.“Seokjin got back and sat down with the Kims, convinced them that they hate me just as much as they do. And told them that the whole week has just been so hectic and he booked the both of them a table at his favourite restaurant, which is like an hour away, and told them that they deserve to treat themselves and enjoy their meal,” Jeongguk explained and Taehyung’s mouth hung open.“Shut up,” Taehyung was smiling from ear to ear.“Not only that but he called his friend at the restaurant and told him to delay their visit as much as she could.”“Seokjin… he… are you-”“Seokjin said he’s team Taekook,” Jeongguk said hesitantly.“Are you?” Taehyung asked softly.Jeongguk’s heart was aching with how soft Taehyung was. His heart was aching because he expected to be yelled at, to be belittled because that’s what he has known all his life. That when people are angry, they shout, they yell, they create a scene.Calm was never an answer, talking it out was never an answer, conversation was never an answer.“Did my dad dissolve your contract?” Taehyung asked instead when Jeongguk took too long to reply.“He couldn’t. He wanted me gone but Namjoon told him if I go, everyone goes. He couldn’t risk you getting hurt and Namjoon scared him with facts. I’m staying.”“Why did you come back? Yoongi was doing just fine. Why did you come back now? Why the sudden ‘it’s my job’ attitude. Are you only here because it’s your job?” There was hurt in Taehyung’s voice and Jeongguk wanted it gone. Taehyung’s hands were in his lap and Jeongguk stretched his arm enough to tug at Taehyung’s finger. To know if that was okay.Taehyung moved his hand upwards and let Jeongguk make circles on Taehyung’s palm.“I came back because of you. It’s true that protecting you is my job and I would never want to fail at what I do, but it’s you,” Jeongguk took a deep breath before he continued. “When it comes to you, there’s nothing that I wouldn’t do.”Taehyung intertwined their fingers together.“You mean it?” Taehyung asked softly as he looked at their hands.“Yes,” Jeongguk said in a heartbeat.“What were you gonna do if my dad would have dissolved the contract?” Taehyung asked and looked at Jeongguk. Jeongguk looked like as he always does but his hair were a little longer now. Taehyung could see the curls and he so desperately wanted to touch them, feel them on his hands, his chest, his thighs, his neck. Jeongguk looked good.“We would have worked something out, I wouldn’t have been obliged by a contract to follow the rules. I would have been free to fall in love with whoever I want. And I want you.”Taehyung’s blinked slowly and softly and it was enough of a signal for Jeongguk to know what to do. Jeongguk has known the gestures and signals now, has leaned them, his body reacts on its own whenever Taehyung would send one his way.That’s why when Jeongguk closed the distance between them and locked his lips with Taehyung, Taehyung invited it. Jeongguk pulled back faster though, and a pout appeared on Taehyung’s lips.“You’re supposed to be doing more of that as a gesture of sorry,” Taehyung said with a pout and Jeongguk pecked his lips again.“I… I am sorry, Taehyung. For everything-”“You don’t have to.”“But you need to know this. I’m really sorry. I thought I was being selfless because I thought I was doing it for you, it would be best for you if we part, you would be happier. But in reality, I was just running away because I was scared. I was falling for you, I have never had someone had this much impact on me. I was being selfish, in the worst way possible. I never even asked you what you wanted, I just… I just… ordered things to be like that. Not a day went by when I didn’t curse myself for making the biggest mistake of my life.”Taehyung squeezed Jeongguk’s hands and kissed them, Jeongguk continued, “You’re too kind, you’re too caring. It was just too much for me. I felt loved, I felt wanted and not because you found me hot but because you got to know me, the real Jeon Jeongguk. I felt taken cared for and I wasn’t sure how to return any of it. I wasn’t sure how to-”“Jeongguk, you did the best you could, you did the most anyone has ever done. I forgive you. You were stupid and you admit it.”“I never called myself stupid,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung laughed.“And you’re an idiot, you admit it, that’s what matters.”“I never called myself any of that,” Jeongguk smiled and said.“We’re okay. Now, I would want you to go back to kissing because you have a lot of catching up to do in that department. I also want you to make breakfast for me for at least a week,” Taehyung shifted and got closer to Jeongguk, his breath hot on Jeongguk’s lips.“Yes, anything else, sir?”“Make me feel loved every day, make me laugh, kiss me, make love to me, take me out, cry with me over stupid movies, laugh at my jokes, eat with me, hug me, touch me, go out with me, spend your time with me, share your secrets with me,” Taehyung said it all in a breath and when he ran out of breath Jeongguk laughed.“Yes, anything.”“And I’ll do the same.” Taehyung kissed Jeongguk to show him he meant it.“I want you to do one more thing,” Jeongguk said.“Is it something kinky because I’m ready to try some,” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk felt happy. He could talk to him again.“Don’t meet up with your friends for about some time.”“Are you… the possessive type? Because… I… don’t like-”“No no no, it’s just… I shouldn’t tell you this but I think we’re close to catching the culprit. Just don’t meet with people. Forward me every message you receive where someone wants to see you, anything you find shady, you send it to me.”“Hoseok and Jimin are fine, right? Because they’ll be here tomorrow as well.”“Just… let me know whenever you’re with Jimin,” Jeongguk pressed his lips and said.“You’ve got to be kidding me. Again? Jeongguk we talked about it.”“Just protocol. Even with Hoseok, fine? Whoever you’re with, just text me.”“Okay, now if we’re done discussing rules, can you please just kiss the soul out of me before my parents get home.” Jeongguk ran out of Taehyung’s room as soon as he heard the car park outside the house. The Kims were back.When he entered the room, he went straight to change for the night. He got in bed and found a piece of paper. Words printed on it. ‘Don’t fall in love with a wolf in sheep's clothing’ it read.Whoever wrote it, was in his room.



Chapter End Notes
It took me 700 years and I'm truly so sorry. I expect better from myself as well.But hello, here I'm with a new chapter.Dee and Anisha bullied me to post so... credit to them.I hope you're still enjoy it as much as I'm enjoying writing it.I would love to hear what you have to say, please share you thoughts, ideas, who you think is the culprit, anything you wanna talk about.I love getting feedback and I love hearing from you.The story is almost coming to an end and it's really making me feel a lot hahaha. just a couple of chapters and then we're done.Thank you again for taking your time reading it.


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi thought if he ever became a lyricist or a producer, he would be a good one. He has always had that thought growing up and nothing has changed till date, except that he opted for a different career path.But he wouldn’t have been the type who would have written love songs, maybe he would have tried his hand on heartbreak because but definitely not love songs.He used to think that he would write about his struggles, or the ones that he’s seen. People relate to what comes from the heart but Yoongi knew very well how to play with the mind. He would have been a great lyricist, producer, composer, maybe even a rapper. He used to rap back in his school days and even now whenever he’s doing dishes or cooking or doing laundry or whenever he’s listening to music.But lately he has started wondering if he ever were to write a love song what would it be like, how would be sound, what would it say? Would it talk about the initially meeting or being together? Would it talk about the smiles and touches and kisses or would it talk about the laughter and gazing and looking. Would it have talked about the other’s happiness or his own? Would it have talked about Hoseok?Because Hoseok was the person he related to every love song now. He would listen to a line and his mind would take him to Hoseok. He would hum a tune and would think of Hoseok. He would breathe and think of Hoseok.It’s been ten days since he has spoken to Hoseok, ten since they’ve seen each other, a week since Jimin lectured him. He has made it to double digit if that counted for something.He wouldn’t say he missed Hoseok, he would admit it was harder for him to get out of bed every morning and to fall asleep every night. It was harder to cook, bathe, drink, breathe. It was harder to laugh, smile, pretend. But he wouldn’t say he missed Hoseok, because for that he would at least have to take him out of his head for a second.“Hoba?” Yeoun said during breakfast.“Sorry, what? What about him?” Yoongi wasn’t paying attention. He hated himself for that, he wasn’t present for his own daughter. The daughter he wanted to protect, the reason he knew deep down keeping Hoseok out is the right choice.“Hoba is not coming?” Yeoun asked and Yoongi was confused for a second. They never made plans and he wasn’t sure what and why she’s asking.“To where?”“Here?”“You want to see him?”“I saw him yesterday.” That has Yoongi’s undivided attention. She what?“He came here?” Yoongi asked as politely and softly as he physically could.“No, Jiminie showed me on phone.”“He should you pictures?” Yoongi asked.“Video call.” Yoongi waited for her to say more but she’s a child, he needed to ask her.“And? What did you guys talk about?”“I showed him my toys. He showed me Mickey.”His new boyfriend, Yoongi thought. He stayed quiet, very amused at that fact that Hoseok has moved on so fast, which was good for him. Yoongi was the one who pushed him out because of his carelessness.“Mickey looks like Holly,” Yeoun said and Yoongi froze.A dog. “Yeoun, I love you but no one looks like Holly. You like Mickey?” Yoongi asked as he ruffled his hair.“I like Hoba,” Yeoun said instead and Yoongi stopped eating.“I miss him,” Yeoun said softly as if she was aware that she’ll not see him again.“I’m sorry, Yeoun,” Yoongi said with a lump in his throat.Yeoun stayed quiet. It seemed like Yoongi was having a conversation with someone who was older than Yeoun, someone mature and more of age. Yoongi reached the building just before midnight and he got a message from Jimin. Jimin was free to talk.“Why did you make my daughter talk to him?” Yoongi said as soon as Jimin picked up.“Hoseok is not a curse word, you can say his name, you know.”“Don’t sass me, why would you do that? Now she can’t stop talking about him. She missed him. She told me that.”“I’m… I’m sorry. I thought she was asleep, like she would because I put her to bed. But she creeped up on me while I was on a call with Hoseok and she saw him and she insisted on talking to him.”“And you let her?”“What was I supposed to say? No?”“Jimin, you have to know she’s just a kid and I don’t want her in middle of this all.”“I know and I’m sorry but Yoongi, don’t you think you’ve… I shouldn’t say it because I feel like I’m crossing a line but… maybe you should forgive Hoseok.” Jimin was speaking carefully. He chose his words wisely.“It’s not really your place to tell me what to do.”“I’m not. It’s just… when Yeoun was speaking to him, she truly misses him, Yoongi. I could feel it. She was so happy when she saw him. She kept chanting ‘hoba hoba hoba’. Hoseok is good with her. She also kinda said that you’re sad without Hoseok, which made all of us smile because if she sees it, that shows and means that you care.”“What are you? My therapist?” Yoongi has no answer to any of it.“A concerned friend.”“I have to go, just keep my daughter out of all of it and be careful the next time.”Jimin tried lecturing him some more but Yoongi hung up. “Namjoon, get all your men fired. Right now.”“Hey hey hey, calm down,” Namjoon put his hands up in protest.“I can’t. I’m furious at how no one can get a thing done. How lightly everyone’s taking this. Is this your team? Is this the people you trust? You hired them for what? Smoke breaks?” Jeongguk was yelling.“Keep your voice down, kid,” Yoongi said from the sofa. It was a little past midnight. The whole day wasted like last few in hope of news. The building was empty. No one works at this hour except for the desperates.“I’m… I’m not angry at you, Namjoon. I’m just pissed with your staff.”“Aren’t we all? But what happened this time?”“You remember how a week ago, I told you I received a note in my bedroom at Taehyung’s place. I asked for the CCTV footage of that night and I still haven’t received it.”“Why don’t I give them a call and tell them to send it in an hour or they’re fired.”“I- you can’t get it from them. I went to his home, the guy who handles all of it and I couldn’t remember his name, he said and I quote ‘oh, the camera outside the main door hasn’t been working for a few days’. And I asked him for the living room footage but it’s too dark that you can’t see shit and the person is in all black and when I asked him who was at the door, who’s duty was it and he said that the guys take a smoke break every now and then and that’s when the asshole must have entered.”Everyone stayed quiet and Jeongguk took some deep breathes to calm himself down. His face was red. He was angry.“Why was the camera issue never reported?” Yoongi asked.“Because no one has been looking at the footage,” Jeongguk replied.“He said that?” Namjoon asked and Jeongguk just nodded.“I-”“They are not taking their jobs seriously. Namjoon, the staff that you hired from BH needs to go back, they must be good but not for me. I need serious people, who do what they have to do to keep Taehyung safe. Not go on group smoke breaks like they’re on some kind of a vacation.”“I’ll talk to the company.”“We need recruit our own people. Train them our way and I swear, Namjoon, if anything happens to Taehyung-”“Let’s not finish that sentence now, shall we?” Yoongi intervened.“I’m sorry, that it’s happening and I couldn’t do a better job-”“Hey, Namjoon. No, no one’s blaming you. Listen to me, okay, everyone. I’ll stay over at the Kims, now that Jimin knows about Yeoun, I don’t even have to be back at nights. He can take over, he has been doing a pretty decent job till now. She can stay over at my brothers and it’s only gonna be for few days. Namjoon, you for the time being, can get all the cameras and guards upgraded, of course raise the concern over at BH but just increase the people at the Kims so it looks intimidating.”He then turned over at Jeongguk.“You kid, need to breathe. No one’s gonna lay a finger on Taehyung. You stay with him at all times. I have him in my gut that we’re gonna catch this monster soon. You just need to keep it all together and whatever’s the problem, we’ll fix it. When are the Kims returning?”“They land at 5,” Jeongguk said.“We still have at least five hours to fix the security cameras and the accesses, let’s get to work then.”Yoongi called up all the people required for the job, they couldn’t say no because they created this mess. Jeongguk and Yoongi reached the Kims meanwhile Namjoon tried to sort-out the man in power mess.Jeongguk has made the Kims take a week long vacation the very next day, Taehyung threw a lot of tantrums because he doesn’t want to be left alone with his parents but Seokjin said he would take care of him, which made it all better. They went out on a vacation with six bodyguards and Taehyung complained how none of them were Jeongguk.With everything in mind, they got to work. “There flight is around two-three hours late, get some sleep, I’ll get them home and the new guys are gonna be there with me. Just ping me the new passcode of the house,” Namjoon said over the phone and Yoongi did as he was told.They got done in a couple of hours and at around three-thirty or four, they went straight to bed and tried to get the little sleep they could. Namjoon was outside the airport, exhausted and sleepy but he has had four mugs of coffee in his system. It wasn’t healthy but he needed that to be awake enough to drive.But overall, the whole week Namjoon has been agitated and annoyed. He was on the edge and would snap at the smallest of the things. He was angry and upset at the same time but he just couldn’t figure out why. He couldn’t pin point it. He was distracted but had nothing on his mind. The whole week was irritating and he couldn’t, for the life of him, tell why.At around eight the Kims made their way out of the airport and that’s when it hit Namjoon, Seokjin was the answer. Namjoon has been this way because he hasn’t had been in touch with Seokjin. They’ve been away and it seemed forceful. It wasn’t like this was a vacation Namjoon knew of, it was something sudden, plans made within an hour and Namjoon wasn’t hundred percent on board with that.But having Seokjin right in front of him changes everything. Seokjin made Namjoon happy and Namjoon was sickly aware of it now. Has started realizing it every now and then and it scares him somehow.Seokjin smiles back at Namjoon but then eyed him that the Kims were behind him and Namjoon tried his best to keep his posture.It was hard for Namjoon to not just go and embrace Seokjin, he had to just watch the man be and he wasn’t able to do anything about it.“Have you been up, son?” Mr. Kim asked and the ‘son’ stings.“Just been working on some reports,” Namjoon replied politely.“Well, it was better for us if you did less reports and more of the ground work, we wouldn’t have to take this forceful vacation,” Mr. Kim said and went straight to the car, he left all his luggage outside for Namjoon to collect.Seokjin was right behind him and he mouthed ‘sorry’ as he went the other way to get Mrs. Kim’s luggage for her.“How was your trip?” Namjoon asked in a formal tone, just in case the Kims were hearing.“Oh, it was fun, a little too sudden-”“A little less chatting and a little more uploading, Son, we’re very tired from the plane ride, can you just get us home?” Mr. Kim’s voice was like poison and Seokjin rolled his eyes.They drove in perfect silence. Taehyung hasn’t said a single word. Clear tension in the air. Seokjin would say something now and then but no one would add anything to it.When they finally arrived home, it was a little less than noon and everyone went straight to their rooms. Namjoon stood in the living room and saw every walk different direction. Seokjin entered his room first but just pushed his luggage inside and went towards Taehyung’s room. Followed by Mr and Mrs Kim who banged their door as they closed it. Taehyung opened his door and then closed it again.Walked straight towards Namjoon in the middle of the living room and asked, “Is he in there?”“Your parents are home!” Namjoon wasn’t sure if that was a good plan.“So he’s here,” Taehyung said and walked towards Jeongguk and Yoongi’s room. Right before entering he turned around and called out Namjoon’s name in a whisper, when Namjoon looked at him, he eyed towards his bedroom, where Seokjin was.Namjoon couldn’t help but smile, without a second thought he went straight for Seokjin.He opened the door and Seokjin was sitting on the bed, legs wide open, hands lifting his body up from the bed. It was a good sight to enter too.“You took ages,” Seokjin said and got up, as much as Namjoon dreaded that the view was gone, he was happy that Seokjin was closing the distance.Then Seokjin stood just inches away from him. Close enough that if Namjoon would take a deep breath, his chest would tap lighting on Seokjin’s.“What are you doing?” Namjoon’s voice was a little shaky. Seokjin looked awfully handsome. His shirt’s top three buttons were undone and his hair were styled up. Namjoon wasn’t sure if his body is reacting this strongly for Seokjin because he was sleepy or because he was in front of the man he would do anything for.“What do you think I’m doing?” Seokjin asked and smiled.“If I didn’t know you better, I would say you’re playing games with me,” Namjoon replied honestly.“But now that you claim to know me, now what?” Seokjin’s voice was heavy and a whisper.“Now I know you’re teasing me,” Namjoon said and smirked. Seokjin laughed, threw his hands around Namjoon’s neck and pulled him closer. Namjoon’s body reacting immediately and he wrapped his hands tightly around Seokjin’s waist.“I can play this game for long but you look tired,” Seokjin said and kissed Namjoon’s forehead and it was like a wave of relief that went down his spine. He closed his eyes for a second too long to cherish it.“I’ve missed you,” Namjoon said.“Tomorrow you can show me just how much you’ve missed me, today I want you to sleep the whole day like a baby,” Seokjin said as he massaged Namjoon’s shoulder.“I’ll head home soon,” Namjoon replied.“No, you’ll sleep in Jeongguk and Yoongi’s room.”“But then where will they stay?”“Yoongi doesn’t stay here anymore, he just drops by now and then and hardly uses his room. Jeongguk has Taehyung now, you don’t have to worry.”“You don’t have to take care of me like a child,” Namjoon said when Seokjin started pushing him out the room.“But I want to,” Seokjin replied and Namjoon stood still, Seokjin stopped pushing.Without a word, Namjoon leaded in and Seokjin met him halfway, it was slow but it passed the message that Seokjin was missed.“I can stay a little long,” Namjoon said when they pulled away.“You can barely keep your eyes open and at first you even tried to kiss my nose, so I don’t think so,” Seokjin replied.“But-”“No, you’re going and we’ve finalized on that,” Seokjin replied.Namjoon visibly pouted and crossed his arms.“Go now and I’ll see you tomorrow.”With that Namjoon was forced to leave and he felt so light-headed when he made his way towards the room that he thought he would directly end up sleeping on the floor if he had to ask someone for help. When Taehyung entered the room, it was dark. Just a little light coming out from underneath the bathroom door enough for him to see shadows and then he saw a person on the chair and he could swear he almost got a heart attack. He squinted his eyes to look clear and noticed the features of Yoongi.“What on earth-” Taehyung started and Yoongi shushed him.“He’s asleep,” Yoongi whispered.“What are you doing being so creepy?” Taehyung whispered back.“I have to go, I just have gotten ready. I have to be home now.”“You don’t stay long nowadays.”“Because I don’t have Hoseok to look after Yeoun anymore,” Yoongi said it so lightly that Taehyung couldn’t hear it at all.“I’ll be back soon, kid. Just try to survive.”Yoongi was out the door within seconds.Taehyung closed the door behind him and let the bathroom light stay on. He walked over to the bed and stood by the side where Jeongguk was sleeping.Taehyung smiled and suppressed his urge to stroke Jeongguk’s cheeks or hair. Jeongguk has let his hair grow and so has Taehyung but their hair looked so different, Taehyung had kind of a mullet at this point and Taehyung had long hair from all sides, they would even cover his eyes at times.Taehyung went over to the other side and laid down on the bed with his face towards Jeongguk’s back. He wanted to hold Jeongguk, wanted to feel his back against his chest. His hand on Jeongguk’s torso, or chest, or just anywhere on him. He wriggled himself closer to Jeongguk and let his hand slide on Jeongguk’s waist.Jeongguk’s body went firm and that’s when Taehyung realized that he has woken him up.“It’s me, it’s me, it’s just me,” Taehyung said softly and rubbed his hands over Jeongguk’s torso and Jeongguk relaxed.“whauodonher?” Jeongguk asked as clearly as he could with his sleepy voice and Taehyung laughed. He truly has missed him.“Sleep, we can talk later,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk turned in Taehyung’s arm. Their legs collided, angle a little too off for them to be comfortable. Jeongguk was too sleepy to notice so Taehyung started adjusting. Jeongguk softly dropped his head to Taehyung’s chest and Taehyung wrapped his arms around Jeongguk as nicely as he could.Jeongguk’s breath evened out and Taehyung smiled again. He felt domestic in all of it. Like they just weren’t together but were together-together. Doing all the things parents are supposed to do. Taehyung would be called a liar if he said he has never daydreamed of a life with Jeongguk and a life without problems.Taehyung has and he wanted to talk about it with Jeongguk but he was scared that Jeongguk would call him stupid or would be freaked out.A little while later the door opened and Namjoon appeared. Taehyung held out his hand for Namjoon to not make any noise. Namjoon approached Taehyung’s side and said, “I’ll sleep on the floor, don’t worry.”“No, sleep in my room instead.”“Are you sure?” Namjoon was too tired to speak more and Taehyung nodded.Namjoon moved towards Taehyung’s room without any other word and prayed that Seokjin was still there. But Seokjin has left for his room. Namjoon just laid down on the bed and was asleep within seconds. Yoongi rushed home, Jimin has been there since last night and Yoongi felt sorry.He called Jimin on his way, “I’ll be there in less than half an hour.”“What’s the rush, old man?” Jimin yawned on the phone.“Are you asleep?” Yoongi frowned.“No, but I’m lazy, thanks for asking.”“Is she awake?” Yoongi asked softly.“Yeah, had breakfast and now she’s having her learning classes with me.”“Great, I’ll be there soon.”“Bring groceries, we’re out of literally everything.”“I just wanna be home.”“And keep your child hungry? What a joke. The store isn’t even fifteen minutes from your place and it will hardly take you half an hour more. Get us stuff. Delicious stuff.”“I’m hanging up now.”Yoongi went straight home instead. He had some stuff packed in his room just for times like these.When he rang the doorbell, he smiled to himself as he heard the footsteps approaching the door.“Thank God you’re here, I was afra-” The voice cut off at the eyes land on Yoongi.They both stood in silence, shook, eyes wide like they were mirroring each other.“What are you-”“I’m so sorr-”Yoongi stood outside like he was an outsider, like he stood outside of a stranger’s house. He was woken up from his thoughts when he felt Yeoun’s hand wrapped on his legs.“Hoba is here,” she said gleefully and Yoongi looked down at her.“Hoba is here,” he said, his voice plain and emotionless. What’s sure what he even felt at that moment.Yoongi stepped inside, his body almost touched Hoseok’s and that’s when Hoseok realized that he never walked away from the door.“Where’s Jimin?” Yoongi asked as soon as he entered.“He… he went… he had to… he got a call and it was urgent and he called me to cover and he should be back in less than half an hour.”And that was why Jimin asked him to get groceries, Yoongi wanted to laugh.“He made me cake,” Yeoun said and ran towards Hoseok who hesitantly took her in his arms and gave her a good swing. She laughed and Yoongi just looked.“Show cake. Show,” Yeoun tried speaking in between of her circles.“It’s all gone, we made it last night though.”“How long have you been here?” Yoongi asked.“I… I came last night, I shou-”“Yeoun, will you be the best child I’ve ever had and play in your room with Hoba and I talk some things out?” Yoongi kneeled down to Yeoun who gave him a big hug and ran towards her room.“I’m sorry,” Hoseok let out with his head bowed down.“I’m disappointed in Jimin. He shouldn’t have done that without asking me first.”“He didn’t know then that-”“She is my child,” Yoongi almost raised his voiced and then just shut his eyes shut to control his emotions. “She’s my child,” Yoongi said a lot softer. “I have a say in who she meets and who she doesn’t. I can’t have you back in her life like this every now and then and for you to just be done and break her heart. I don’t have answer to questions she asks me at times.”“I came for you,” Hoseok said slowly, his voice hardly audible.Yoongi stayed quiet, Hoseok wasn’t sure if he was thinking something or was just waiting to speak up again soon.“Last night, Yoongi. I just couldn’t take it. I know I messed up but I… I thought we could… I don’t know what I thought, I just wanted to see you and talk to you and before I know it I was outside of your door.”Hoseok looked up at Yoongi and Yoongi’s eyes were still on Hoseok, his expression unreadable.“It was way after ten and I knew Yeoun would be asleep so I tested my luck, instead of calling you or ringing the bell, I knocked and that’s when Jimin opened the door and I got to know that you’re not here.”Yoongi just listened. He wanted to interrupt but words failed him.“And then Yeoun saw me before I could leave and she… Yoongi, she is so nice. She… I couldn’t leave. She wouldn’t let me. She made me stay and then we made cake and slept before she could even have a bite and it was already really late. Jimin asked me to stay and I didn’t want to drive back home. I thought I would leave early but Yeoun woke up before me and she woke me up and wouldn’t let me go. Then Jimin got a call and he had to rush and… now… you’re here.”Hoseok was nervous, Yoongi could tell. Hoseok ranted whenever he was nervous. Hoseok ranted when he thought he was running out of time. Hoseok ranted when he was losing control.Yoongi stayed still, he wasn’t sure where to begin the conversation from. What was there to say? Should he lie and say that he hadn’t thought of him at all? Should he just make him leave.“I know she’s your daughter and I would never want to be near her if you don’t want me to. I’m sorry, I was inconsiderate and I should just have listened to your wishes and… I’m sorry. I miss her,” Hoseok couldn’t stay still. His hands rubbed his sides and his eyes were scanning Yoongi’s face for any sign of an expression, an emotion. “I’ve missed you.”“Why is the door open, if Yoongi found-” Jimin stood at the door. His bag hung on his shoulder.They all looked at each other in silence. Jimin took a deep breath and looked at the ceiling before looking back at Yoongi.“I can explain,” Jimin said and he couldn’t explain. Hoseok’s expression said he has explained it all and there was nothing left for Jimin to say.“I’m sorry,” Hoseok said one more time before he grabbed his already prepared bag and bolted out of the house.“Yoongi-”“What were you thinking?” Yoongi asked. He wanted to sound poisonous but sounded uncertain.“Nothing. I wasn’t thinking. Yoongi. I love you, I do, I swear. In the short while that we’re became close and how you have trusted me with your own daughter. I know just how much it all means to you but think of Yeoun as well.”“I’ve done the babysitting for you for a while now. Yeoun was the happiest last night. She didn’t want to sleep last night. I am sure she thought this was the last she was seeing of Hoseok. We have laughed and played around and it was so good. She was so happy. I was happy, even Hoseok was happy. We all wrote you letters. Did she give it you? Hoseok wrote you like thirty letters and tore apart majority of them. She made us write letters. She can’t even write herself.”Yoongi looked down at the floor, his eyes getting numb and too wet for his liking.“She misses his, Yoongi. She was literally glued to him the whole night. Ate with him, insisted to sleep right next to him on the sofa, she had to be forced to bed.”“He slept on the sofa?” Yoongi asked. And Jimin smiled a little, a very knowing smile.“He didn’t want to take advantage of a house he isn’t invited in. He begged to leave last night but I made him stay for me and for Yeoun. His only deal was that he would sleep on the sofa.”But Hoseok hates the sofa, it’s too hard for his liking. Yoongi wanted to say.“Yoongi, he misses you. It’s not my place to say because you know what he said to me.”Yoongi just looked at Jimin and Jimin continued. “Seokjin and I offered to help, asked if we could talk to you about it to make you change your mind but he asked us not to. Because if you yourself don’t want to be with him then he doesn’t want people to force you, guilt you or persuade you into staying with him. He wants it to be your decision. He wants you to want him. He wants you to need him.”Yeoun walked out of the room, maybe she heard Jimin’s voice.“Mini, where’s Hoba?” Yeoun asked and looked around. Yoongi’s heart hurt. Yoongi’s breath got caught up in his throat. Yoongi felt helpless.“He had to go, he said sorry.”“He didn’t say bye,” she said in a low voice and Yoongi knows that voice way too well. That’s the voice she has when she would see her favourite character suffer in her favourite show. That’s the voice she has when she would see Yoongi sad, that’s the voice she has whenever she’s sick.“He’s sorry. He wanted me to tell you that-” Jimin stopped himself, he would never make promises to a child that he wasn’t sure were ever going to be fulfilled.Yeoun turned towards Yoongi and stretched out her arms and Yoongi took her into his arms.“It’s okay. I’ll make you cake,” Yoongi said and rubbed her back. She laid down her head on his shoulder and Yoongi could cry right that second. He wasn’t sure why he was so hurt.“Jimin, I need you to take care of her tonight as well.” Yoongi looked directly at Jimin.“I have a meeting with the team and we have plans to lay out. It’ll be like this for a few more days or weeks. I’m sorry,” Yoongi tired his best to speak with a closed throat.“Okay.” Jimin was angry and Yoongi was sorry. Jeongguk woke up with a hand wrapped around his waist. His face buried in a chest and scent so familiar, he was home.“You’re awake.”“My head hurts,” Jeongguk complained and felt a kiss on his head. He smiled.“My lips hurt a little too.”“Isn’t your dick hurting a little as well?” Taehyung patted his back jokingly and Jeongguk looked up at him and it was just way too early for Jeongguk to hide his emotions. He blushed and dug his head deeper in Taehyung’s chest.“You smell good,” Jeongguk said when he wanted to say ‘you smell like home’.“You sound exhausting.”“Don’t I sound sorry?”“Jeongguk,” Taehyung said so softly, Jeongguk’s heart was aching.“Don’t do that,” Taehyung added.“But I am. It seems like I’m incapable, not… I just… I want all of this to end. So fast.”“And it will,” Taehyung said and rubbed Jeongguk’s back.“I want it to end so that I don’t have to be here,” Jeongguk said and regretted it the second Taehyung’s body went rigid.“I… don’t mean it like that, you know it,” Jeongguk looked up at Taehyung. His hands snaked around Taehyung’s waist and made their way towards his back, under his shirt and rubbed soft circles.“I just meant… not like this, when I know your parents hate me so much, not when I feel unwanted here. Not unwanted with you but in your house. I would rather have you over at my place at all times than us being stuck here, afraid of being walked on.”“You feel unwanted here?” Taehyung looked down at him and Jeongguk moved above so that they were face to face.“Not with you, never with you. But you can’t lie and say that your parents are a fan.”“Seokjin is, he’s family.”“Not a parent though. Seokjin is like a brother to me, I am happy whenever I’m around him. He makes me feel safe, like I can stand against the Kims and can still have you.”“You will always have me,” Taehyung hoped he said it in an assuring tone.“Not when they fly you bazillion miles away from me,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung laughed.“You gave it a lot of thought?” Taehyung teased.“I had to. I have…. Never been this close with someone,” Jeongguk said honestly. Maybe it was the morning.Taehyung kept his eyes fixed on Jeongguk.“When I first met you, I thought it would die down fast. Like… a guy like you, who have the world in his palms. I have been confident in me, but… you make me nervous. Like, not the scared kind. But the… exciting kind. The kind that makes you feel warm and makes you all gritty in a way.”Taehyung’s eyes were glassy and Jeongguk smiled. “You mean the world to me, Kim Taehyung.”Taehyung let out a choked laughed and he closed his eyes. Jeongguk couldn’t keep to himself and kissed Taehyung slowly and softly, like a promise. Taehyung kept his eyes closed and let his hands in Jeongguk’s hair.They stayed that way for a while, a little breathless and a little wanting it too much. Jeongguk was the one who pulled away first.“I have to leave as well, before anyone sees us,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung trailed a kiss from his lips to his shoulder.“No,” Taehyung left out a plea as he pulled Jeongguk closer.“I have to, we can’t be here now,” Jeongguk laughed and stretched his neck backwards, to try and push Taehyung away slightly but it gave Taehyung more room to run his lips, tongue and teeth.“Tae…Tae…Taehyung,” Jeongguk left out a moan and he pushed himself off the bed with the little willpower that was left in him.Taehyung whined loudly.“Come to my place and I… God, just, don’t look at me like this, stop,” Jeongguk said and his pillow at Taehyung.Jeongguk’s jacket was near the chair and his shoes near the bathroom. His bag near the edge of the bed, Jeongguk was all over the room gathering his stuff. Jeongguk was wearing his jacket when he realized that his shirt was half undone and he looked suspiciously at Taehyung and Taehyung pouted and then winked at Jeongguk.“I like it,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk looked at him in concern, his voice was upsetting.“This… us… like this. Domestic, homely. Like you’re going to work and I’m in bed, I’ve just woken up and I’m watching the lov- my man go off to conquer the world. Then once you’re gone, I’ll feed myself and be off to work as well and then we’ll be back at around the same time. Make dinner together, goof around. Talk about our day, laugh the night off, watch crappy shows and good movies. Dance to songs that make us laugh and cry. Talk about everything and literally the stupidest things.”Jeongguk could get lost in that world Taehyung was building for the both of them.“You’re so annoying,” Jeongguk said lovingly and Taehyung smiled his box smile and flew a kiss at Jeongguk.“Now leave before I jump you because you look so hot right now and your morning voice is turning me on so much. Please leave.”Jeongguk laughed and was out the door within seconds. This was the first time in a really long time that all seven of them were under the same roof.They all sat in the living room of Jeongguk’s apartment. No place was as safe as Jeongguk’s. They all knew this by heart now. Jeongguk sat next to Taehyung, Taehyung was practically clinging to Jeongguk. Namjoon sat next to Seokjin and they would steal glances every once in a while, like they were still hiding it.Yoongi sat in a chair next to Seokjin. Hoseok sat between Jimin and Taehyung. Hoseok and Yoongi sat directly in front of each other. Yoongi wouldn’t look at Hoseok and Hoseok wouldn’t look at Yoongi. They would just stare at the floor or just at others.“Can we just please take a night and just not please not talk about bad things today and just be happy and act like everything’s happening for the best.” Jimin plead to the rest and Seokjin laughed.“You can sit down and not be yelling at us please?” Taehyung said and Jimin sat down.“I have a question, I would have offered to play a game but whatever,” Jimin said.“Can you get to the point already?” Seokjin asked.“I am only asking because I have seen one couple do it, how many of you have kissed in the Kim’s house?” Jimin asked and looked around.“Who did you see?” Namjoon asked.“You answer me first,” Jimin yelled.“I bet it’s the one who can’t seem to keep their hands to themselves,” Seokjin said and Namjoon kept a hand on his thigh as he laughed and then the hand remained there.“Just answer my question,” Jimin yelled.“Let’s do one thing,” Taehyung intertwined. “Raise your hand if you have kissed in my house.”He looked around and no one raised their hand.“Cowards,” Seokjin said as he raised his hand. Namjoon shook his head and followed Seokjin’s movement.“It’s my house and one has the right to question it,” Taehyung said and raised his and Jeongguk’s hand together.“No one’s surprised. Honestly,” Jimin said and then he raised his hand as well and everyone dramatically gasped.“What?”“When?”“Not in my room,” Sekkjin yelled.“Ew,” Jeongguk yelled.“Chill, it was a long time back and it only happened like a dozen of time.”“Jimin,” Taehyung yelled and everyone laughed.“Why?”“What do you mean why? He was hot and I felt like it. It was a busy party and I was looking for Taehyung but Tae being Tae was out with his Ken and Barbie,” Jimin said and Taehyung pouted.“Like, but no offence, I know you both are trying to act weird and awkward but you don’t have to lie to us,” Seokjin said and turned to Yoongi and Hoseok.“No one’s lying here,” Yoongi replied in their defense.“So, you’re saying you guys have never kissed at Kim’s house?” Namjoon asked in surprised.“Never,” Hoseok replied this time.“Not even a peck, like a small one,” Jimin asked.“Nothing,” Yoongi said.“Have you guys ever kissed in public?” Taehyung asked and that was when Hoseok and Yoongi caught each other’s eyes.They looked at each other in silence, both remembering the kiss they have had with one another, all the times that they have kissed. Slow and fast, warm and aching. The times their tongues were so tied up they would have to gasp for air.“I refuse to believe it,” Jeongguk threw his hands in the air.“We don’t have to prove anything to you guys if you don’t trust us.” Yoongi never left Hoseok’s eye.“How do you have such good self-control? I can’t keep my hands off his ass in public,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk slapped his thigh playfully.“We would… make up for it after.” That was the first time Hoseok spoke and Yoongi felt electricity run down his spine.“Ooowww, now we’re talking,” Jimin owed and nudged Hoseok.“You know what, give us more details, we have never seen Yoongi be with someone. Tell us everything,” Jeongguk said and Yoongi rolled his eyes.“Or as you kids like to say, spill the tea,” Seokjin said and the rest laughed.“There’s nothing to spill.” Hoseok was blushing now.“Okay, why don’t we do one thing? We would ask you questions and you just reply in a single yes or no,” Jimin proposed and no one protested.“Can he kiss? Like does he know how to kiss?” Jeongguk asked and Yoongi threw his pillow at him, hard, really hard. Everyone erupted in laughed.“We have the right to know, the audience wants to know,” Taehyung yelled in Jeongguk’s defense.Hoseok avoids Yoongi’s eyes.“Hoseok, if you stay silent, we’re just gonna assume it’s because it’s okay or bad,” Jimin said and Hoseok looked up at him.“I’m not answering that,” Hoseok hit Jimin’s shoulder and everyone laughed.“Reply,” Yoongi said and they turned to look at Yoongi. Yoongi was pouting, the way he does whenever he was frustrated and hyper. “Tell them.”“I thought you don’t care about what people think,” Hoseok said in his defense.“I don’t wanna hear about it for the rest of my life. Just answer whatever they have to ask.”Hoseok looked at Yoongi one last time before he turned his attention to the crowd and smiled. He was blushing, hard. Memories of all their kisses still fresh in his mind.“Great kisser, honestly, I have never been kissed like that. My first actual kiss was very… meh, so I thought that’s how kisses are supposed to make you feel… nothing special. Just touch of lips. But his… well. That’s all I’m gonna say.”Everyone went oohs and aahs at that. “Yoongi, this is your chance to get on the table and dance like Chandler from friends,” Namjoon said.“The what?” Yoongi asked, his expressions were soft, like he himself was hiding a blush, as if it was under his control.“Friends, that tv show, don’t tell me you haven’t seen it?” Namjoon asked wide-eyed.“Babe, this ain’t about your show right now, let them enjoy their anti-us time,” Seokjin said softly to Namjoon and wrapped his arms around him as they cling closer.“Okay, new rule. That way too detailed, so the new rule is we only ask Hoseok things Yoongi have asked he would never do or would never feel,” Jeongguk said excitedly and Yoongi rolled his eyes.“But how would we know what he has said, we never spoke of love with him,” Jimin protested.“You guys can ask whatever, like, mostly whatever comes to your mind that you think Yoongi would believe he would never participate in.”“New rule, you can only ask him five question,” Yoongi said.“That’s too less, at least make it twenty,” Jimin replied.“What is wrong with you?” Yoongi protested.“Ten and that’s that,” Seokjin said.“Okay, interesting, let’s start. Does he call you by any nickname?” Taehyung asked.“You just wasted a question,” Jimin yelled.“Not that,” Jeongguk yelled.“Only nine to go,” Yoongi laughed and said.“What? Does he? I’ve never heard of it. What is it?” Taehyung asked in surprise.“HOBA,” they all yelled in union.“What? Where did that even come from?” Taehyung asked again.“His d-” Jimin almost spilled it out when Namjoon interrupted him with a loud, “Hobi or Hoseok is too mainstream names for our Yoongi.”“So, he made one up?” Taehyung wondered. “He’s out there makes nicknames from actual names when we sit here and call our partners ‘babe, love, honey, bunny, sweetheart,’ and all that.”“Please never call me any of that,” Seokjin turned to Namjoon and said.Yoongi just smirked when the panic of his daughter being outed washed away.“Okay, well next question. Do you guys regularly, without skipping a day, talk at night before one of you or both of you goes to bed?” Jeongguk asked and Namjoon laughed. A memory so fresh in his mind when Yoongi noticed that Namjoon and Seokjin would do that.“Don’t answer that,” Yoongi yelled and Hoseok laughed.“You can’t talk, stop interrupting, let Hoseok speak. This is his interview and not yours,” Jimin said and gave a nasty look to Yoongi who just rolled his eyes again and crossed his arms.“Has he ever said he wouldn’t do that?” Hoseok asked.“Once I called Seokjin at night because he was going to bed, Yoongi gave me a lecture on how I’m invading Seokjin’s personal space and I should let him breathe without me as well and I’m imposing myself. It was sad and funny all at once,” Namjoon replied and it got another laugh out of Hoseok.“Well, let me tell you another story,” Hoseok started.“Don’t you dare,” Yoongi yelled.“As Jimin said, sit your ass.” Hoseok snapped and made Yoongi go quiet while the rest gasped and laughed.“Well, one day, I got home late and I had a few missed calls from him and I dropped him a message saying he should go to bed and that I can’t speak that night as I was out with my dance crew. I don’t even remember what we were celebrating, but anyway, he said to let him know once I get home and I reached home after two and I dropped him a message saying I’m safe and sound. He called the next second,” Hoseok said, he had a huge smile on his face.“Annoying,” Taehyung teased.“He… he said he couldn’t fall asleep. And that was the day when I realized just how much I’ve missed him the whole night. In the starting, he wouldn’t say he misses me, but would just walk around the topic a lot but that was the first time he said he missed me and then we talked for hours and then we just talked every night because someone couldn’t fall asleep without it,” Hoseok smiled, he wanted to look at Yoongi so bad, to see if he remembered the time, if he was reliving it like he was.“That was so disgusting to hear,” Jimin joked and smiled bright at Hoseok.“But we… we don’t talk anymore,” Hoseok looked down and said softly. Everyone else just acted like they didn’t hear that. They all acted like Hoseok and Yoongi were still together. Which just made Hoseok frustrated.“Hoseok don’t act like he’s the only one who waits for the call,” Taehyung said and Hoseok looked at him with his eyes wide.“Remember that time when-”“Don’t… Tae… I swear-”“Anyway, my point is, this time Yoongi and Namjoon were stuck with some late-night meeting. Which I think is a very unhealthy culture. Anyway, and Yoongi messaged Hoseok saying he’s stuck with work, he’ll call tomorrow. Hoseok stayed up for a while because he was trying to distract himself. Then Yoongi dropped him a message asking if he was still awake and Hoseok’s whole world lit up. So annoying. He rushed outside in the cold, without a coat because he forgot, and they talked for like two minutes max and he got back and slept like a baby.”“Wait, I think I remember,” Namjoon looked in surprise at Yoongi.“That night, Yoongi kept looking at his phone and then he just excused himself for a while and was back in a couple of minutes but he was less distracted after that and was more relaxed and focused. Wow, was that where he went?” Namjoon looked at Yoongi as if Yoongi was going to confirm anything.“Next question, does he call you randomly at weird times just to tell you he was thinking of you or was missing you but wouldn’t talk for long and would just hung up soon after?” Taehyung asked after being yelled at the first time.Hoseok started laughing loudly and everyone turned to look at Yoongi.“Did Jimin tell you that?” Hoseok asked and everyone looked at him in confusion.“This one time, we all sat together and were just talking random things, remember when we were in Seokjin’s room just hanging out. And I got a message from Yoongi and it read ‘I miss you,’ and he was sitting right across from me. Jimin read it and Yoongi was so embarrassed,” Hoseok explained and laughed again.“And I mean, he doesn’t do it that often, but he has done it, I’m not gonna deny that. Specially when he’s like really happy, those are the times he would call and just… say something nice and then we would hang up,” Hoseok said and he looked over at Seokjin, his head down. Hoseok couldn’t see his face but his body language looked defeated.“Has he ever cooked for you and then when you were running late he would wait for you to be there so you guys could eat together?” Jimin asked this time and Jeongguk looked at him with an impression that he read that he was proud.“Yes,” Hoseok said. He stuck with simple yes or no that time, his heart felt heavy.“Explain please,” Namjoon said.“No, I mean… you guys are taking forever, now I’ll just reply with a single yes or no, everything else left to imagination,” Hoseok pushed a smile on his face.“Has he sung dramatic romantic songs for you?”“In exaggerated way, yes.”“Has he ever felt like you’re the most irresistible person to exist and has just launched himself at you when he saw you?”“I don’t know how he felt but that second part has happened.”“Has he made you meet his family within what time you guys were together?” This was the first time someone hinted that they weren’t together and somehow Hoseok felt lighter, the trust and reality was being acknowledged and they weren’t living in a fantasy world where everything was okay.“I mean, I have met his brother and his partner,” Hoseok replied.“That counts, yes.”“Has he made you come to his place or has gone to your place to sleep because he couldn’t sleep that night?”“Yes.”“Has… has he talked about being a family with you or having a family with you? Or making you part of the family?”“No,” Hoseok said and everyone went silent.“Has he said I Love You to you?” Jeongguk asked as he tried to lighten up the mood.“Your questions are up, we have exceeded ten now,” Yoongi lied. They have asked the tenth question just now which would never be answered.Hoseok laughed, he faked it and only Yoongi could tell.Within few minutes Hoseok got up and collected his stuff.“Where are you going?” Namjoon was the first to ask.“I have early class tomorrow, got some new kids to take care of.”“No, we planned on staying the night together,” Taehyung was upset.“I’m so sorry, but I do have to go.”“I’ll walk you out,” Seokjin said and Hoseok gave him a nod.Everyone stayed seated and Hoseok briefly looked at Yoongi. He wasn’t sure what he was looking for or looking at. Yoongi held his gaze and it was too much for Hoseok.“You didn’t have to walk me out,” Hoseok said.“You’re a child, I have to do it,” Seokjin replied.They walked a few steps in silence.“Yoongi is… stupid,” Seokjin said only for Hoseok to hear.“He… he thinks he knows what’s best for him, what he wants and… It. In a short time I’ve become close with Yoongi. Not as close of Jeongguk or Namjoon. But he would weirdly call me and share random things with me. To be honest, I would be the one doing the calling but you get my point.”Hoseok wasn’t sure where it was going.“Your name comes up a lot, you come up a lot. He… he misses you and I can tell. I don’t want to give you false hope. I really don’t want to give you anything that lives on a maybe. Yoongi is extremely tough on himself, like he is protecting someone. Something. Sometimes it makes me wonder if he has a hidden child,” Seokjin said and laughed, Hoseok joined just to keep the cover.“What I’m trying to say is, he would push you away if he thinks that’s the best for you or for someone else. He wouldn’t think of him, he thinks he’s doing it for a greater good. I have never told you think but one time when we were drinking, he ranted about you,” Seokjin smiled softly.“He talked about how you have completely changed his lifestyle, how he feels more at peace with you. Then it took the dark turn, how at times you would drop everything for him. You would cancel all plans just to be with him, just to see him, you would… you would do anything for him. That scares him because no one has ever done anything like that for him and he thinks you’re doing it too much and that one day you’ll blame him for taking all your time. He’s… he is scared.”Seokjin stopped to collect his thoughts, he felt like his point wasn’t coming across.“He had to work hard to make his place in the world, you have to understand that and you come easy to him. Like he didn’t even have to fight for it. He feels like he somehow needs to earn your presence, your trust, you yourself and that it shouldn’t just be his. I don’t think I’m explaining it right. He feel like… I don’t know how else to say it. That you’re too good to be true for him. That all of this could be taken away from him in a blink of an eyes because he didn’t struggle to have it,” Seokjin tried his best and Hoseok just gave him a sad smile.“I messed up though, big time,” Hoseok said.“It can always be undone.”“Not this.”“Are you sure?”“I… I have tried talking to him, even today. I just don’t know what else to do? It’s like I’m fighting a war I’ve already lost. I want him so bad, Seokjin. I tried and I just… I don’t know what else to do. I want him to come back to me but I just don’t know if that’ll ever happen. If I’m actually just living on a maybe,” Hoseok said and looked down. He couldn’t face Seokjin.“Have some rest, you should have stayed with us but I know the game was intense on you. They just did it because they wanna trigger Yoongi’s memories,” Seokjin tried his best to comfort him.“Thank you!”And then he was on his way.Seokjin sat with the rest once he was back, Namjoon rubbed his back knowingly and Seokjin just gave him a smile and a nod.“You know you can pick it up,” Jeongguk said to Taehyung.“What?” Jimin asked.“Hyu has been calling him for over an hour now,” Jeongguk replied.“Why?” Seokjin asked.“I don’t know, he has been trying to get in touch with me. I mean, we talk now and then. We keep up, he asked me how I’m taking all of it and stuff. But lately he has just been trying to get in my life. Like, it’s weird now, I don’t talk to any of my old friend anymore. I don’t know who to trust and since the… since…” Taehyung looked over at Jeongguk before he spoke again.“Since the breakup, he has tried a few times for us to be back again. I told him I’m with Jeongguk and he got angry and stuff, said things that were not so great to hear and then apologized a few days after that. I don’t know, I don’t wanna talk to him and he just don’t seem to be getting the hint.”“Let’s go outside and talk to him all at once,” Jeongguk said and got up.“There’s no need. I can always ignore his calls,” Taehyung said.“For how long? He has been bothering you for weeks now,” Jeongguk said.“I…”“Unless… you don’t wanna do it, which is perfectly fine by me,” Jeongguk said in a low voice, so Taehyung wouldn’t think he was angry.“No, it’s… yeah, it’s time,” Taehyung said and got up as well.They walked outside slowly, Jeongguk gave enough time for Taehyung to back out of it. Once outside, Taehyung took a deep breath and called Hyu.He picked up on the third ring, “Taehyung?” Hyu said, his voice was slippery.“Are you drunk?” Taehyung asked and put Hyu on speaker.“No, but like, maybe, I don’t know, it has been a long night,” Hyu said and Jeongguk looked over at Taehyung in concern.“Why did you call?” Taehyung got to the point directly.“I miss you,” Hyu said and Jeongguk kept his eyes on the phone.“Can we not do this again? We’ve been through it for so long.”“I do, I wish I wouldn’t. I thought that even when all of it was fake, it would stop and I wouldn’t think of you like that.”“Hyu, please don’t.”“Does he make you happy?” Hyu asked and Taehyung looked at Jeongguk, Jeongguk’s eyes met with his.“Very happy,” Taehyung said without hesitation.“Too bad it’s getting ruined.”“What do you mean?”“Those videos being sent to your dad of you and him just making out, god, it was… I am sorry it happened,” Hyu said and Taehyung was silent for a while.“What videos?”“How do you think your dad found out?”“He had… he said… there were cameras installed,” Taehyung said and looked at Jeongguk, nervousness ran over his face.“Your dad said that? Wow, he improvised well. He wouldn’t have thought it for a second that you and that person are involved. We had to literally give him the proof,” Hyu laughed.“Hyu, are you with someone?” Taehyung asked.“I’m always alone, you left me lonely,” Hyu commented.“Did you give my dad those videos?” Taehyung asked and Jeongguk was surprised at how calm Taehyung’s voice was.“You wish, it was never part of the plan, I was never told anything. I was angry and I wanted revenge, I fell for you and then that bodyguard came up and I know he was using you, using your innocence and your body to achieve his satisfaction of some sort. Like he just wanted to see how much of you he can have. He always seemed arrogant to me. You should have seen his face whenever you and I were together. Like it physically pained him to not punch my guts out,” Hyu laughed again and Taehyung held Jeongguk’s hand.“He’s not that great honestly,” Taehyung said and then there was silence on the other end.“What do you mean?” Hyu asked and Jeongguk looked worriedly at Taehyung.“He… he is nice but too nice for me, like, he doesn’t shower me with gifts like you used to, he doesn’t take me out for drinking like you used to. He is more of a stay in type or a person and you know I enjoy being out. I… think of you when I’m with him. A lot of times,” Taehyung said and squeezed his eyes shut. Jeongguk could swear he saw a tear roll down but it was too dark outside to know for sure.“You mean it?”“Why wouldn’t I? I kept lying to myself saying he’s all I need and maybe the distance between you and I made me feel like it’s the truth.”“Are you… bluffing? What is happening? Are you playing games with me?” Hyu asked.“Have I ever? Tell me where you are and I’ll come get you,” Taehyung asked.“You can’t. I can’t leave right now,” Hyu replied.“Are you with someone?” Taehyung asked again.“It’s… not… It’s not safe for you here,” Hyu replied in a low tone.“If it’s safe for you, it’ll be for me,” Taehyung tried assuring him.“I’m so sorry, I never knew. I wasn’t aware. I didn’t think it’ll lead to this,” Hyu said in a hurry.“Hyu, what’s going on? Are you okay?” Taehyung asked again.“I never wanted you to be hurt,” Hyu was sobbing now, Taehyung could tell by his voice. Jeongguk looked up and pulled out his phone.“Hyu, I am worried about you,” Taehyung tried keeping his voice soft, just the way Hyu liked it.Then he noticed Namjoon and Yoongi out the front door.“I’m worried about you,” Hyu repeated.“Just tell me what’s happening, I promise I can help,” Taehyung said.“They don’t… they will… Taehyung, stay inside,” Hyu said and chill went down Taehyung’s spine. He felt fear in his bones and Jeongguk natural walked towards Taehyung. Rubbed his arm in an assuring nature.“Who? Who are they?” Taehyung said.“I told them it’s too much, too much and I… that gunshot, I didn’t think it would ever happen. It was a joke, don’t you remember?” Hyu was crying, everyone could tell.“What?”“You… you always used to say you would survive a gunshot,” Hyu said and Taehyung went speechless, memories rushed through his mind, he dropped on his knees and Jeongguk went to support him.“Hyu-”“I’m so sorry, I never… I was never involved. You have to believe me, no one told me anything, I was never a part of this, I swear. I just got to know about it a week ago and it’s hurting you Taehyung, you’re hurt.”“Please tell me,” Taehyung begged, his won voice close to a cry.“You’re are Jeongguk’s,” Hyu said and it didn’t settle well with any of them. Namjoon and Yoongi looked around furiously. Jeongguk just moved over and covered his body over Taehyung’s.“How… how do you-”“Just stay together please, all of you, all seven of you, together. Do not be alone. I am scared for you and for them. I am so sorry-”“Just tell me who you’re with. Who’s behind it all?” Taehyung begged on the phone.“I’ll always care about you Taehyung, I’ll always love you, I hope one day you’ll forgive me-” and then the line went silent. The call was disconnected.Jeongguk carried Taehyung inside with him, he practically dragged him inside.Yoongi grabbed his jacket and his keys and was just out the door when Namjoon spoke up, “Where are you going?”“You heard his ass,” Yoongi mentioned.“Yoongi, we all have to stay together, this is the safest place to be,” Namjoon said, Jimin and Seokjin looked around at their faces for answers.“Sit here and do what? Wait?” Yoongi was angry, his voice getting louder.“It’s not safe outside.”“Hoseok is outside,” Yoongi yelled and Namjoon didn’t have a reply to that.“I can call him, he can be here in next half an hour,” Jeongguk replied.“And what do I do for the next half an hour? Worry?”“Yoongi, you know it’s risky-”“I’ll take. No risk if worth the pain it’s gonna cost every one of us if anything happens to Hoseok.”“Yoongi… I… I can just call him, please think it through,” Namjoon said in a lower voice, he knew nothing he said now would stop Yoongi but he still tried.“I’ll burry a man alive if anyone tries laying a finger on Hoseok.”Yoongi was out the door in a second. Jeongguk wasted no time to fill the others on the details.“I don’t want you guys to worry, no one can touch us here,” Jeongguk confirmed them.“I’m worried about Yoongi and Hoseok,” Seokjin said.“They’ll be okay, I’m sending some armed people of mine over at Hoseok’s,” Namjoon said as he dialed up his phone.“If you guys think of anything that you wanna share, please feel free,” Jeongguk said professionally and then he made his way towards the kitchen table with Namjoon.“I’m calling up all the guards, they all need to be out at the Kims, Hoseok’s and Yoongi’s house,” Namjoon said.“I’ll call to get latest location on Hyu, Hyungsik, Una, Bogum and Seojoon,” Jeongguk said and tunred towards his phone.They looked back from now and then to keep their eyes on the rest. Jimin did his best to not let the tension get to them, he fed the others, made drinks for the others, just so they don’t lose their shit.“Namjoon,” Jeongguk said worriedly and that’s when Namjoon’s phone started ringing.“It’s Yoongi,” Namjoon said as he eyed his phone.“They’re all together,” Jeongguk said.“What?”“Hyu, Hyungsik, Una, Bogum. All. They’re all together right now. At the terrace of The Kim’s office building. But… Seojoon is in Hoseok’s neighborhood.” Jeongguk said waited for a command. He knew what he had to do.Namjoon hesitated for only a second before he gave him a nod. Jeongguk rushed towards his room with his phone and his laptop.Namjoon picked up Yoongi’s call.“Are you guys okay?” Namjoon asked. It has been more than half an hour since Yoongi left.“He’s not here.”“What?”“Hoseok is not here, he’s not picking up his calls. His apartment is locked. I don’t know where he is,” Yoongi sounded off. Like it wasn’t even his voice.“Yoongi, I… maybe he detoured.”“He should have been here half an hour ago, he’s not here. I’ve been outside of his apartment for more than twenty minutes now. He’s not here. I don’t know what to do.”“Yoongi, he’ll show up. Do you have a key?” Namjoon asked. Unsure of how to manage that.“He’s not here,” Yoongi repeated and it pained Namjoon.“I’m scared, Namjoon,” Yoongi said through a shaky voice.



Chapter End Notes
WE ARE JUST 1 CHAPTER AWAY FROM THE END OF IT ALL.the whole goddamn thing is dedicated to the queen DEE because it's her BIRTHDAY.so here I go posting yet another chapter on HER BIRTHDAY, LIKE THE WHIPPED ASS I AM.anyway, hope you enjoy it. please do let me know how you feel. i would love to hear it. always love hearing about it. thank you for keeping up and i'm so sorry it always takes me years.


Chapter 12
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Yoongi let his mind wonder about the possibilities of ‘what ifs’. What if him and Hoseok were still together. What if he had stopped Hoseok from leaving tonight. What if he was the one who left instead. What if he could have had a second chance with Hoseok, would he have blew it? What if he chased after Hoseok. What if he could just reach out to Hoseok.The possibilities were endless but what if he never saw Hoseok was never one of them. He wouldn’t let himself be robbed of that pleasure. If he were to do it all over again, maybe he would have controlled his anger. Maybe he would have worked on how he would have acted differently but never would have wanted anything else for them.As he waited outside of Hoseok’s house, he felt helpless. Should he even be waiting, should he be looking or searching for him? Yoongi kept looking at the time, it wasn’t late, maybe Hoseok just took a different route.Yoongi would never want to accept that one thought that was loud in his mind.His phone rang and his heart raced. He looked at it disappointingly when the screen showed him Namjoon’s name.“Still no word?” Namjoon asked.“Namjoon stop,” Yoongi said angrily.“No, I didn’t… I’m sorry. I couldn’t even imagine what you must be going through.”“I’ll wait outside his house for ten-fifteen more minutes and then… I don’t know what else to do? Where to look? From where to start?” Yoongi spoke out his frustration.“I… I wish I had an answer for you. I know this is not the best thing to say right now but-”“Just say it, we have a job to do and I understand that.”“We have a location right now, Jeongguk and I are headed there and I’m dropping you the location right now, if you feel like you can make it, you’ll be needed there. I’m sending a few men over at Hoseok’s place, you decide what you wanna do.”Yoongi didn’t say much and Namjoon wasn’t expecting him to either. They hung up soon after and Yoongi looked at his watch, it was almost midnight.Every time Yoongi heard footsteps his head would move in that direction immediately. He would always be disappointed by other people, just walking around, laughing, being carefree and happy.Yoongi hung his head low and thought of his daughter. That’s what he has always done to keep himself sane.“Yoongi,” a familiar voice said and before Yoongi knew it he was on his steps. He threw himself at Hoseok and hugged him with all his power. That disbalanced Hoseok and his back crashed on the wall with Yoongi pressed hard on him.Yoongi was breathing heavily and Hoseok was confused. “Are you okay?” Hoseok asked as he tried letting Yoongi off so he could examine him.“Are you crazy?” Yoongi practically yelled and ran his hands over Hoseok’s face and arms and shoulders and his body just to see any sign of an injury.“Are you hurt?” Yoongi asked.“No, but are you okay? What happened?” Hoseok asked and Yoongi threw a light punch at Hoseok’s shoulder.“Why is your phone switched off?” Yoongi yelled this time and Hoseok still was only trying to process it all.“Let’s go inside and talk, you’ll wake my neighbours up,” Hoseok said as he unlocked the door and made Yoongi step inside.“Do you want water?” Hoseok asked.“Where were you?” Yoongi asked instead of replying to Hoseok.“What do you mean?”“Your house isn’t that far, you should have been here almost an hour ago. Where were you?” Yoongi specified.“How long were you outside of my house?” Hoseok asked.“Reply to me- I was there for the last half an hour.”“Why?” Hoseok asked in utter confusion.“Hoseok, reply to me, where were you?” Yoongi asked again.“I went for a walk,” Hoseok said and then took a deep breath. “After I left, I just wasn’t feeling good and I didn’t know what else to do so I took a walk. My phone died because apparently I didn’t turn the switch on when I plugged my phone in for charging at Jeongguk’s. But… I’m glad it was off, the only thing I wanted to do was call you.”“I called you, time after time after time,” Yoongi said.“Why?”“I was scared,” Yoongi admitted and his throat went dry.“Why?” Hoseok’s voice went softer.“I thought something happened to you.”“Yoongi-”“You don’t understand,” Yoongi stopped Hoseok from speaking any further.“Then tell me, I still don’t get it, you haven’t spoken to me in weeks and now you’re here at my doorstep and I don’t wanna get my hopes high into thinking that you’re here because you want us together.”Yoongi stayed quiet, he was here for Hoseok but words just won’t leave his mouth.“Taehyung spoke with Hyu when you left and they know where we are, everything. He practically confessed of knowing everything, now we just need to catch him and know just how much he was a part of all of it.” As Yoongi spoke, Hoseok’s eyes grew wider.“Everyone’s okay, right?” Hoseok asked nervously.“Yes,” Yoongi said and looked straight into Hoseok’s eyes. “Everyone’s okay.”“You came to check up on me?” Hoseok asked and before Yoongi could reply the doorbell rang.“Stay back,” Yoongi said and walked towards the door.“It’s us,” A voice came from outside and Yoongi opened the door without hesitation.“Did you guys see anything suspicious?” Yoongi asked.“Nothing. Also, a car is waiting for you outside, we have two men with you and the other two will stay here. You should get going.”Yoongi gave them a little nod and then turned towards Hoseok.“Let me explain it to him, he doesn’t know all of it,” Yoongi said to his men as he gestured to Hoseok to get in the room with him.“What is going on?” Hoseok whispered as soon as the door closed.“They’re here for your safety, I can’t be here with you because I have to go, but someone needs to stay here with you. It’s not safe outside or alone.”“How do you know they’re gonna protect me, did you even check their IDs? Yoongi, I’ve seen enough movies to know that one of them will try and kill me,” Hoseok whispered more and Yoongi almost smiled.“I know them, since we all started working together, they’re staff members of BH, the company we work for. I know them, their siblings, their partners, their neighbours, their parents,” Yoongi said to reassure Hoseok that everything was going to be okay.“And if anyone lays a finger on you, I’ll hunt him down,” Yoongi said in a more serious tone. And for some reason, Hoseok smiled.“What?” Yoongi asked in concern.“Nothing, just… I’ve never seen you like this.”“And it’s funny to you?”“I thought I lost you.”Yoongi didn’t say anything, he kept his eyes locked with Hoseok’s. Yoongi felt like he couldn’t breathe, like he was seeing Hoseok for the last time. He couldn’t escape the sadness that wrapped his chest and his heart at that moment.“I have to go,” Yoongi said but couldn't move.“Yoongi,” Hoseok rushed towards him and wrapped his fingers around Yoongi’s wrist. “I lo-”“Don’t. Please, don’t say it.”“I don’t care if you don’t feel the same, I just want you to know-”“I don’t want it to be the last thing I hear before I go,” Yoongi said but couldn’t look at Hoseok.“Yoongi, you’re making me worry,” Hoseok said softly and Yoongi turned towards him.“Tell me things you’ve never said to me when I get back, tell me everything when I get back and not now,” Yoongi said softly as he took Hoseok’s hands in his own. He caressed his thumb softly over Hoseok’s skin.Yoongi smiled at the realization that even though Hoseok is taller than him, Yoongi’s hands are bigger than Hoseok’s.Yoongi closed the distance between them and Hoseok kept staring at their hands.Yoongi kissed Hoseok’s forehead and let his lips linger for a second too long.“Give my love to Yeoun if I can’t.”“Yoongi, pleas-”“Shhh, don’t. Just stay here. Take care of yourself and eat something.”And with that Yoongi was out the door, His hands burned where Hoseok’s skin touched. His chest burned with the unknown sensation.He got in the car and called Namjoon.“Have you reached?” He asked as soon as Namjoon picked up.“We’re just minutes away, they changed locations. I’m sending you the new one.” Namjoon said, his voice calmer than the situation.“I’ll see you in a while.” It didn’t take long for Yoongi to reach and he saw everyone in the BH uniform. The cowards are surrounded, there was no way for anyone to leave.It was a residential area, Normal people with normal jobs and normal lives lived there. Yoongi has done his research, or more over Jeongguk fed him that information when they started working on the case.It was the best place to hide because nothing out of the ordinary ever happened here. The area would go quiet after ten at night. People had early mornings here, offices which start at eight or seven thirty. Families lived here, kids went to school nearby. Just a regular society.“What’s the status?” Yoongi asked as he approached the man at the entrance of the building.“They’re all in that car right now,” the man pointed towards the car parked just a few feets from him.“We’ve made sure that there’s no commoner outside at this time.”“Great,” Yoongi said and took his bullet-proof jacket, gun and a walkie-talkie. He kept his phone on silent and put it in his pocket.Yoongi walked towards the car after he was in his uniform.“What the hell is he doing here?” Yoongi said as soon as he opened the passenger side door and saw Taehyung in the back.“He insisted,” Namjoon said and rolled his eyes.“And you let him?”“It’s not that dangerous,” Namjoon said as he loaded the bullets in his gun.“They’re all unarmed,” Jeongguk said.“How do you know that?” Yoongi asked.“Hyu told us,” Jeongguk replied.“You believe him, am I the only one asking reasonable questions here?” Yoongi asked out of frustration.“Hyu sent us a video he recorded, they all just look like they’re hanging out and it’s a party.”“And you believe that it’s not staged,” Yoongi said.“Hyu would never be a part of it,” Taehyung said.“I can’t believe Taehyung manipulated you both and you guys literally dragged him here with you,” Yoongi pointed at Jeongguk and Namjoon.“Yoongi, he had to be here, otherwise we’ll never know what’s happening.”“Did you forget that they tried to shoot him that one time?” Yoongi wanted to yell.“He’ll have protection, we have our men, we easily outnumber them.”“You have lost your mind,” Yoongi said and got out of the car to get some air.The night was quiet, when he started the job he never wanted to do the dirty work, the field work of actually catching someone. Especially not since Yeoun. The whole situation not only was too risky but stupid as well.“From my experience, it’ll be dramatic with little to no violence.” Jeongguk walked towards Yoongi and gave him a smile. Jeongguk had more field experience, Jeongguk enjoyed this side of the world. It was thrilling to him. The chase.“And you wanna bet on it?”“Yoongi, look at what we have here, bunch of kids, with no background of violence. No prior records against them. The biggest crime they commited, according to our country, is smoking plants. They come from a family who’ll not let them be controversial.”“Do you think they took permission from their parents before they started doing this?” Yoongi folded his arms and Jeongguk laughed.“You have to believe me on this, do you really think I would have let Taehyung anywhere near them if there was 1% chance of anything going wrong?” Jeongguk’s tone got a little serious.“I hate it here,” Yoongi said.“Just, make sure I don’t punch anyone and we’ll be good.”“When are we going?” Yoongi asked and looked up at the terrace. It was cold out here.“Now,” Jeongguk said and eyed towards Taehyung and Namjoon.Namjoon gave them a nod and took the lead, “If anything happens to me, give my house to Seokjin,” he said in a sarcastic way to lighten up the mood.“I’ll tell him you were having an affair and that you deserved it,” Jeongguk said.“Now I’m actually hurt,” Namjoon said and looked at Jeongguk.“Just get moving,” Yoongi nudged at Namjoon’s hand.They made their ways towards the rooftop in silence. Stopped at the door and Namjoon turned towards Taehyung.“You can go down right now and it’ll still be okay, we can handle this,” Namjoon whispered.“I wanna do this,” Tahyung said and Namjoon gave him a nod.“We pull out guns when we see the need to, otherwise let’s just see where it goes,” Namjoon said and opened the door of the terrace.“We heard there’s a party here,” Namjoon said loudly so he had everyone’s attention.Yoongi and Jeongguk looked around for any threat, they had cushions, comforters thrown over the floor. Heaters and warmers all around them, dim lights, some drinks and low music. It looked like a decent night out with friends, something they themselves would have enjoyed.“What’s going on?” Seojoon asked first.“Why don’t you tell us?” Yoongi walked towards him.“I’m confused, why do you guys all dressed up as if you are here to rob us,” Hyunsik said and the rest laughed.“Y’all must be pretty drunk to be laughing at such jokes,” Yoongi said.“Well, feel free to get yourself some,” Una said.“It was you,” Jeongguk said and eyed Una. She laughed.“What was I?” Una asked.“Don’t play dumb, it was you. I need to know who else was involved,” Jeongguk has venom in his eyes and it scared Yoongi. The kid could lose his control at any given point.“What’s going on?” Bogum asked.“You started sending those pictures to Taehyung’s dad, why?” Jeongguk got to the point.“I think there’s a misunderstanding,” Seojoon came to Una’s defence.“Revenge,” Una said and crossed her arms.Everything fell in silence for a second but it seemed like hours to Taehyung as he wrapped his head around what was just being said.“The rest, leave right now,” Jeongguk said and made way for the others to go.“How do you know they’re not involved?” Una asked.“I do my homework,” Jeongguk said.Seojoon made his way towards Taehyung but Jeongguk blocked his path.“Just want to make sure he’s okay,” Seojoon said softly.“He will be,” Jeongguk answered for Taehyung. Taehyung was in no position to talk. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting but not this.Seojoon gave a small nod and looked over at Bogum and Hyunsik, they all made their way towards the gate.“We were best friends,” Taehyung said, his voice shaky and broken.Una just laughed again. It made everyone angry.“You know you’re going to jail,” Jeongguk said.“Stop being pathetic,” Una said and rolled her eyes.“Why?” Taehyung asked. “I loved you,” Taehyung said and took a step forward, Jeongguk stopped him.“You never did, that’s the problem,” Una said and smiled again.“You know, I have to say, I was not expecting you here any time soon. The way you guys had no lead, no clue, nothing. It was laughable.”“You had a spy?” Namjoon asked.“I had ears,” Una said.“Jimin’s laptop,” Yoongi said. It was getting a little windy and Una only had a shirt on, Yoongi wanted to offer her his jacket but he picked up the blanket from the ground and threw it at her instead.“Don’t tell me you fell in love with me, showing me all this concern and all,” Una said and wrapped herself with the blanket.“Just wanna make sure you’re alive till we reach the station.”“I’m still debating if I should tell you or should I just take the secret to my grave?”“I don’t have time for this, let’s just get her to the station now,” Yoongi said and turned to Namjoon.“Your family is a joke, Taehyung,” Una said.Taehyung sat down where he was, his legs were giving up.“You know your dad let us suffer for a whole decade when he stopped partnering with my dad?” Una had a smirk on her face.“It never stopped us from being friends though, it was years later that I got to know why we lost our everything, why my dad had to sell our house and we had to shift to a one bedroom flat, why we had to sell our car, my mom’s jewelry, why I had to move my school, leave my friends. Why my parents struggled to make ends meet because your dad made sure my dad never worked again. You dad threw my dad out of the company because he became his biggest competitor, because my dad was overpowering yours and your dad couldn’t stand it,” Una spat.Taehyung looked over at Una and took a deep breath, he lifted his head towards the sky to let the tears not fall down.“Is that the joke your father told you?” Taehyung said, his voice still shaky.Taehyung looked directly at Una, “Your father embezzled money from the company. Millions and Millions or them, he started unexisting organizations, your dad was a reputed accountant and him and my dad were best friends. But like father, like daughter. They both ended up betraying their best friends. Thanks to my dad, your father never had to see the jail because he dropped charges, my father made sure that you still get education even when your father went bankrupt. Your father started drinking, stopped working. My father hired your mother so that your family had some income.”“That can’t be true.” Una looked angry.“Why do you think your dad was absent for days right before you had to sell your house? He was in court. It’s a shame that you know nothing about your family and you’re out here belittling mine.”“Didn’t make the suffering any less, your dad still could have let us live in our house, I would still be in the same school as you, things would still have been different. My mom wouldn’t have had to remarry because of your dad.”“Your father couldn’t afford it,” Taehyung yelled.“I never hated you, Tae, even after everything I never hated you. After I did what I did, I just had to convince myself that it was for my father, but you being you, took it away from me,” Una said and laughed.“Why would you do that? Why?” Taehyung asked again.“Remember how we always were together, everywhere. I fell in love with you, you were very oblivious. Then I got to know that you don’t even date women. I made you my best friend. The only girl who was allowed to be near your heart. I let myself fall for others but I would always think of you, always.” Something in Una’s voice changed as she started speaking again.“I said I love you and you said you love me too and for a minute I believed it was romantic and then you would go and get yourself a date for the night,” Una said.“Is that why you did this? Because you couldn’t have Taehyung?” Namjoon asked.“No. I met this amazing man, loving, caring and then I made him meet Taehyung. Him and I started dating but we never told Taehyung. Because we wanted to live that forbidden fantasy. Like, it wasn’t allowed, I would sneak around with him and it was amazing. Then Taehyung told us that he wants to date someone.”Una stood up and so did Taehyung, “You said you wanna date someone because your dad wants us married to merge my step-dad and his business.”“You suggested I fake-date Hyu,” Taehyung said but he looked confused.“As a joke, I did. I never meant for you guys to be together because Hyu was with me. I thought Hyu wouldn’t get on with it but he did, you guys started going on and Hyu would come back every night because of course, he wanted sex and you wouldn’t give it to him. Only I would. I felt disgusted with my own self. You stole Hyu from me,” Una yelled at Taehyung and ran towards him but Namjoon pulled her back, Jeongguk rushed to stand in front of Taehyung.“You had everything, everyone, the world was ready to suck off Kim Taehyung but you always go after my stuff. When I left school, you took my friends. Seojoon was my best friend, now he is the closest to you, you took Hyunsik, you took Bogum, you took Hyu. You guys would go out together and wouldn’t invite me. Hyu started spending more time with you. You took the life that was designed for me,” Una yelled and tears started rolling from her eyes.“You never wanted me but you took everything I ever had. You broke my family, you took my friends, you took my lover, your art became popular, clients started pouring in for you and not because you’re worthy but just because you have a pretty face and you used it. You used it to have everything. You destroyed my life,” Una yelled and yelled and struggled in Namjoon’s arms. His grip got tighter on Una as he tried controlling her.“People only talked to me to get to you, I was nothing. I had everything. You took it away from me,” Una yelled and shook herself to get out of Namjoon’s grip.“I never planned this, I just planned on hating you for the rest of my life. Then one day I got Jimin’s laptop. I was working and I saw a folder named ‘soulmate’, I thought he’s dating and no one knows but they were just pictures of you. Sleeping soundlessly. I transferred them without thinking and one day Hyu asked me if we can break up and that he would wanna get a real chance with you. That was the first night I sent the picture of your dad.”Jeongguk turned towards Taehyung just to make sure he was okay, there was a sad smile on Taehyung’s face.“Your dad replied and I panicked. I didn’t know what else to do? So, I just scared him for a bit. Sent him pictures of his son sleeping peacefully, so he could know that I was close. He got too scared too fast. At first, he thought Taehyung’s sleeping around and the people who he slept with are sending him pictures. You know, he even asked me how much money would I want for it to stop.”Una laughed again and Namjoon slowly started losing his grip on her, he let her go but stood close.“But then he hired people to protect you, they never doubted me. Believed every word I threw at them. I started noticing your closeness with Jeongguk, he started becoming protective and that was a problem. You started distancing me and wouldn’t tell me what they know anymore. So, I bugged Jimin’s laptop.”Everyone looked at Una at the same time.“He’s so naive, he trusts people so easily, they’ll just bite him in the ass. I’m so sorry for him. He also never shuts down his laptop, so that was helpful. You guys would discuss your case with him now and then but then that stopped as well. He has his iMessage connected with his laptop, so I started reading your messages but that wasn’t much of the information I needed. Then someone rebooted his system.”Una threw her hands up in frustration.“I didn’t know what was happening anymore and I couldn’t see Taehyung anymore as well, because his possessive little whore won’t let me be near him.”Jeongguk let out a laugh, “I knew within a month that it was but I couldn’t prove it. The only thing I had was your tickets to Daegu. You always went to Daegu the very next day as Taehyung. You always used different IDs so no one could trace you.”Una stopped smiling, her face reflected fear this time. “How do you know it was me?” Una asked and this time Jeongguk laughed.“I never used my cards anywhere I went,” She said.“But you were stupid enough to take out big amount of money just the day before you were travelling,” Jeongguk said and Una stayed quiet. Her eyes were huge in horror.“You used different email IDs but they all trace back to your house, then you once used Seojoon’s phone and one time Bogum’s phone so if you’re ever caught they’ll end up being a part of it too. But as stupid as I expected you to be, I never expected you to clear the history as soon as you’re done using their phones.”Una fake laughed.“You have nothing on me, you can never prove your stories that you cooked up,” Una said in self defense but the game was over for her.“You hired someone to shoot at Taehyung’s window that night knowing very well that they’re bulletproof, just so we could believe it’s someone who doesn’t know Tae. You didn’t even do a good job then, the person left the bullet shell right where they shot it. It wasn’t easy to trace it back to some small agency but it wasn’t hard either. At least make your plans bullet proof. They didn’t even hesitate saying yes when I showed them a picture of you.”Taehyung turned towards Jeongguk, he felt a little betrayed. Jeongguk knew all of it but never told Taehyung.“You’re lying,” Una yelled.“You wish I was, your little game is over,” Jeongguk said.“The privileged always win, don’t they?” Una laughed.“You literally gave him nightmares, bugged his best friend’s phone to keep a tap on him, betrayed his trust, betrayed his love for you and for Hyu. Stole his pictures, blackmailed his dad, threatened his life to the point it was scary for him to go out alone. He wouldn’t sleep for nights because he thought someone was in his room. You did all that and you think he’s a privileged brat who got away with something?” Yoongi spoke up. He has had enough a long time back, but kept quiet for the sake of others closures.Then it happened, Taehyung swore the world ran in slow motion. Every action so vivid in his brain.Una. Namjoon. Struggle. Gun. Bang.Namjoon pinned Una to the group and took the gun out of her hand. With the noise of the gunshot, Taehyung fell on the group, he saw people rush past him as they dragged Una downstairs.Taehyung remembered as soon as Una pointed the gun towards him, Jeongguk stood in front of him in a heartbeat and then he heard the gun go off.Taehyung’s breathing was shallow. The voices around him were low, the world was blurry. He could no longer feel anything or hear anything except for Namjoon’s voice.“Get him to the hospital now,” Namjoon yelled at one of his men.“I’ll take Taehyung, you leave right now. Take Una directly to the station. I’ll come down for the statement,” Namjoon said and Taehyung felt a hand on his shoulder.“I’ll call Mr. Kim, he’ll be there to press charges, his lawyer is ready. We have all the documents we need,” Namjoon said.“Where are you taking him?” Taehyung wasn’t sure who asked the question.“Home,” Namjoon replied. Taehyung doesn’t recall if he fainted or if he slept. He just remembered waking up in panic.“Where’s Jeongguk?” He asked when he rushed out of the room. Jimin was out in the living room.“Not here, do you want me to call him?” Jimin said and walked towards Taehyung.“Where is he? Is he okay? Did they tell you something? Where’s Namjoon and Yoongi?” Taehyung was hyperventilating at that point.“Hey, hey hey, sit down,” Jimin pulled him towards the sofa, “sit. Namjoon is with your dad and Seokjin at the station.”“Where’s Jeongguk?” Taehyung asked again and before Jimin could reply Taehyung hugged him, tight and hard.“I’m scared,” Taehyung sobbed softly.“It’s over,” Jimin whispered as he rubbed Taehyung’s back.It was bright as day outside and Taehyung looked at the clock in the living room. It was already noon. He wasn’t sure when they got here or at what time he slept.Jimin got up to get Taehyung water and he got back, he saw the main door open and there came the people who mattered the most to him right now.Jeongguk entered first followed by Seokjin and Yoongi at the end.Taehyung rushed towards Jeongguk and everyone tried to hold him, he was just fast.“Are you okay?” Taehyung asked as he suspected Jeongguk’s body.“I’m okay, you need to rest, I’m perfectly fine,” Jeongguk said and made Taehyung go back to bed.“Did you get shot?” Taehyung got straight to the point.“No, God, no, I’m perfectly fine,” Jeongguk jumped around to assure Taehyung and it made him smile.“I heard the gunshot,” Taehyung mentioned.“And Namjoon threw her hand upwards, no one’s injured. Trust me,” Jeongguk said and went to sit by Taehyung.Seokjin got a chair for himself and Yoongi.“So, what happens now?” Jimin asked.“Some formal-official proceedings. Taehyung will have to go down to the station to make a statement. We have already filed for a restraining order. We are fighting for it to go to trial so we can assure she gets jail time but that’s hard, I’m not gonna lie.”“Why? She is dangerous.”“Yeah, but no one got hurt, you have to take everything in account. The most we can get is probably a detention centre hearing but that too is very hard to get. The charges we can file for are stalking, privacy invasion-”“Attempt to murder,” Jimin said again.“That’s a reach but she did fire, we can’t prove anything more than that.”“But she hired someone to do the shooting as well.”“That agency will never testify, they have already fired the guy she hired. They have removed all his records from their system. I wish it was just that easy. But we can very well get a restraining order.”“That’s of no use, you know that.” Jimin started getting a little angry.“We’re doing our best.”“Then do more,” Jimin yelled.“Jimin,” Seokjin called out.“It’s okay,” Yoongi said to Seokjin, “I know he’s angry. I would be too if I was him.”“What if she attacks again, you know restraining order isn’t gonna do much if she decides to strike again.”“We have suggested various ways in which Taehyung can still be protected. The measures the Kims can take and everything. I don’t think she’ll strike again. But you’re not wrong in worrying about the worst.”“I hate it here,” Jimin said and went to hug Taehyung. Taehyung smiled.“I’ve never seen you so worried in life,” Taehyung said.“I feel guilty, like all of this happened because she had my laptop,” Jimin said and his voice sounded weak.“Jimin no,”“Stop”“Jimin, stop”“Hey, stop, Jimin, no. None of this happened because of you.” Everyone spoke in union.“She would have found another way, she had her mind set to what she wanted to do.”“I’m still so sorry that all of this happened because she found pictures from my laptop.”“But it wasn’t like you gave it to her, because if that’s the case. We need to have a talk,” Taehyung tried joking so Jimin could feel calm.“I’m still sorry, you know,” Jimin said.“I know and you shouldn’t be,” Taehyung added.“I guess my work here is done, I’ll see you guys soon. Official proceedings will start sooner than later,” Yoongi said and stood up.“Do you want me to drop you off?” Jeongguk asked and Yoongi shook his head.“I am going in the same direction, let me drop you if you don’t have a car right now,” Jimin said and kissed Taehyung’s forehead as he said bye.“Seokjin, walk me out,” Yoongi said and Seokjin stood up.“Is everything okay? You seem… different,” Seokjin said and they walked out. Jimin was still inside the room.“Just tired. Been on medication to keep me up, haven’t slept in a few days,” Yoongi confessed.“Is there anything I can do?” Seokjin asked.“Fast forward to a year please,” Yoongi said and Seokjin gave him a sympathetic smile.“Take care of Taehyung,” Yoongi added.“I will,” Seokjin said sincerely.“He… I feel like he would take some irrational steps right now. Just make sure the coming week is easy for him. He has been through a lot, you have been through a lot as well. I just want to make sure you guys understand that there’s no such danger right now but I want you guys to be safe.”“Will Taehyung have to go to the court?” Seokjin asked.“Looking at how big his father is, I don’t think so. But he would have to go down to the station a few times and maybe to court once for the appeal and order.”Jimin rushed outside with a smile and Seokjin took it as a hint to let them go.“Thanks for the ride,” Yoongi said as soon as they stepped inside the car.“No problem, I’m just glad we got some time together,” Jimin smiled.“And why is that?” Yoongi asked.“I just want to apologize to you, formally, for once and for all. I know you had your doubts about me and I would too if I were in your position and had all the evidence pointing to me.”“Jimin, you don’t have to-”“Please let me, I know you believe it but I want to say it out loud so we’re all on the same page. I consider Taehyung my soulmate, in the most purest form. I would do anything for him, I know we have had this discussion before but I still just want to make it clear. If I had a percent of the doubt at Una, I would never have let her come near Taehyung.”Yoongi gave him a nod in acknowledgment, even though Jimin was driving and his focus was on the road.“Taehyung’s happiness means everything to me and I know he feels the same towards me. I’m beyond happy that he found Jeongguk, that they share this beautiful relationship. I’m so happy for him and in no way do I feel threatened that it would change Taehyung’s outlook on me. We will share the same bond we always have and we will go ahead and make new bonds with people. I think what I’m trying to say is, as much as I want to believe it wasn’t my fault, I still feel like I gave Una all the access. That she got this far because of me,” Jimin said and shook his head in disbelief.“Jimin-”“I just wanna say, I’m sorry. I would never ever think of hurting Taehyung. Did I tell you this one time I had a dream that Taehyung fell because of me and I woke up crying,” Jimin said and Yoongi just laughed.“You would never hurt him, everyone knows that. Stop beating yourself up.”“Aren’t you gonna ask me about Hoseok?” Jimin changed the subject and Yoongi looked away. His mind went to their last meeting.“He wasn’t with Taehyung today,” Yoongi pointed out.“Because he’s still under lockdown,” Jimin laughed.“What? Why?” Yoongi asked in confusion.“Did you threaten your guys or something? After everything Hoseok told them that they could leave now that everything’s over. But they said they had orders to not go till they hear from you. Hoseok messaged Namjoon but Namjoon has been way too busy with everything and Jeongguk’s phone was turned off at that time.”“Why didn’t he call me?” Yoongi took out his phone to call his guys.“He… I don’t know, I guess he’s still scared of you. You pushed him too far for him to even reach you now,” Jimin said and that stung.“Are you guys still there?” Yoongi said on the phone and Jimin couldn’t hear the other side of the conversation.“Take one last look and then you guys are free to go home. Tell him he can go see Taehyung,” Yoongi ordered and soon enough hung up.“What even is happening between the two of you?” Jimin asked once Yoongi was off the phone.“I don’t think it concerns you,” Yoongi said.“I- you know what, I’ve already talked to you about him numerous times. I don’t wanna do it anymore. Just one last piece of advice before I shut up and kick your ass out of my car,” Jimin said and Yoongi looked around to realize that they are near Yoongi’s house.“Don't push him too far if you ever want him back. But if you’re determined that there’s nothing between the two of you and that you guys are better apart, then just make sure to not give him false hope. Don’t hold him by a thin thread. Let go or pull back, don’t do it somewhere in between. That’s unfair to him.”Yoongi stayed quiet, he knew well enough that he would never lead Hoseok into believing there was something or some hope if there wasn’t but hearing Jimin say the same thing was bitter.“I have to go,” Yoongi said and made his way out. “Where are you?”“Still at the station,” Namjoon replied from his car. He has been stuck at the station since the morning. The whole thing took way too long because both the parties have influential parents.“What’s taking forever?” Seokjin asked.“Nonsense. Nothing should be taking this much time. Everything is done but now they’re just sitting here discussing how they’ll handle if any of it leaks out to the media because the officials need to publish it on their website where journalists generally get their news from. They’re basically just trying to pay their way out of it.”“Joonie, you sound angry,” Seokjin said softly.“Because I am. I have done everything in my power to catch her and now that she is here I know she’ll not be punished. Rich and influential never get what they deserve, do they?”“I’m sorry. I wish I could be of any help.”“It’s not your fault. I’ve been here since the morning, we had at least seven charges against her and out of which we have to drop a few charges because they look bad. Una’s dad even offered to gift a certain portion of his company to the Kims.”“Is he trying to bribe his way out?”“It’s not uncommon but the fact that it is being considered and talked over just makes me want to be done already.”“Have you had lunch or dinner?”“It’s not even time for dinner.”“Don’t change the topic.”“I got my hands on snacks, if that counts for something.”“Namjoon, when all of this is over, I’ll make a delicious meal for you.”“When all of this is over and I’ve slept for two days straight, I would enjoy nothing less than that delicious meal with you,” Namjoon said and Seokjin could hear his exhaustion.“What are you doing right now?” Seokjin asked.“I’m in my car, waiting for them to be done with it.”“Why don’t you take a nap?”“What do you mean?”“Get in the backseat and go to sleep. I’m sure you have someone out there who’ll wake you up. Or they’ll call you or something.”“How’s Taehyung doing?” Namjoon asked instead and Seokjin breathed loudly, to let Namjoon know that he was angry at him for changing the subject.“Better than I expected. Jeongguk is still with him and Hoseok was here as well and he’s coming back again. Jimin went back to pack his bag, he’ll be moving in with Taehyung.”“Taehyung agreed to it?”“No, Jimin never asked. He just ordered.” Namjoon laughed at that.“His explanation is that Jeongguk can’t be with him all the time, so he’s in fact doing everyone a favour.”“He didn’t lie though,” Namjoon said and yawned.“What’s next?” Seokjin asked.“What do you mean?”“I don’t think Kims will require your services anymore,” Seokjin said in a low voice, the question has been on his mind for a long time now.“Then I’ll give my full services to one particular Kim,” Namjoon tried his hands at flirting but yawned again by the end of the sentence.“You’re too sleepy for this conversation. Just take a nap and go home and sleep for days. Let me know if I can help somehow,” Seokjin said and Namjoon just smiled on the call.“Take care of yourself, I’m gonna hang up now,” Seokjin said and hung up quietly.He went straight to Taehyung’s room after.“He’s still at the station, I think it’ll take them some time. I’ll prepare dinner for now, Jimin will be here in a couple of hours,” Seokjin said to Taehyung and Jeongguk.“Let me help you with dinner,” Jeongguk said and got up.“No, just… stay with Taehyung. I’ll take care of it. Will give me some breathing space. I’ll let you know if I need anything though.”Seokjin went out of the room and closed the door. Taehyung looked at Jeongguk.“Why are they at the station for so long?” Taehyung asked.“Sometimes official things take time,” Jeongguk said.Taehyung gave him a nod.“Are you going to stay here tonight?” Taehyung asked.“Yes, if you want me to leave, I can.”“No, I mean, if Namjoon needs you out there, you should go with him,” Taehyung said softly and Jeongguk stood up from his chair, went around Taehyung’s other side to sit next to him. Taehyung’s body leaned into him. Shoulders pressing each other.“If he needs me, he’ll call me and if he calls, I’ll go.”“What will happen to us now?” Taehyung asked.“I don’t think that’s something you should be concerned about.”“Your contract is till the person gets caught. You’re not involved in the official hearings and everything that goes on after that.”“Where did you hear that?” Jeongguk asked.“I’ve read your contract.”“You know those documents are confidential,” Jeongguk said.“It’s like you would have not given me those documents if I asked for them,” Taehyung teased and Jeongguk smiled.Jeongguk expected Taehyung to not be acting the way he was, after what has happened, he expected him to be closed to himself but then again, you just can’t predict how a human would react to a situation.Jeongguk remembered how Seokjin mentioned that Taehyung cried and yelled in his sleep, those aren’t the things Jeongguk was ready to mention, now that they sat so close.“Now getting back to the point, what’s gonna happen?” Taehyung asked, he didn’t have the courage to look at Jeongguk.“I… I don’t know yet. It’s true that the contract won’t be valid from tomorrow but I still have to talk to Namjoon about what’s going on. Because with the way I see it, we are the ones with evidence and even if we give it over, your dad has stupid people. They’ll mess it all up.”“So… I’ll not see you from tomorrow?” Taehyung asked.“It’s not like you’re seeing me right now,” Jeongguk said and placed his fingers under Taehyung’s chin, he moved Taehyung’s face so they were face to face.“Why are you avoiding me?” Jeongguk asked softly.“I’m not,” Taehyung said and his eyes were still not meeting Jeongguk’s.“You won’t even look at me,” Jeongguk pointed out and the door opened. Jeongguk let go of Taehyung’s face and moved back, Taehyung was fast to take Jeongguk’s hand and hold it under the sheets.“Sorry to disturb you, Jimin’s here,” Seokjin said and made way for Jimin to enter.“You’re early,” Taehyung said in surprise.“Do you want me to leave?” Jimin asked but showed no signs of leaving.“Will you guys be okay?” Seokjin asked.“Yeah, we’re good. I, in fact, have to leave now,” Jeongguk said and stood up. He would lie if he said that it didn’t take all his will to leave Taehyung’s hand.Taehyung pouted, “So early?”“Yeah, sorry. Namjoon must be alone and he hasn’t had any sleep since last night, I should help him out with some of it,” Jeongguk said and looked at Taehyung.There was something in Taehyung’s aura that has changed. When Jeongguk first entered, Taehyung showed concern and that was probably the last time he looked at him properly.Without another word, Jeongguk left the room. He went straight to the kitchen to be with Seokjin for a while.“Stop worrying about Namjoon,” Jeongguk said jokingly.“He’s a clumsy man, literally would bump into an already parked car.”“I’ll neither confirm nor deny if that happened or not.”“Oh wow, it surely did then,” Seokjin said.“Wasn’t Namjoon’s fault, in his defence.”“It never is,” Seokjin said and Jeongguk laughed.“You’re heading out?” Seokjin asked when Jeongguk didn’t make a move towards anything.“I was but then I thought I would spend a little time with my favourite Kim,” Jeongguk said and hit Seokjin’s shoulder lightly.“Should I be suspicious that you need something?” And Jeongguk laughed.“Oh, I’ll miss you,” Jeongguk said and it caught Seokjin off guard. He froze on the spot.“I… I didn’t mean it to sound like that,” Jeongguk tried to explain and Seokjin gave him a weak smile.“I mean… I know your contracts are getting over and all that.”“It’s… It’s just not that. I don’t know if I should be telling you this or not. I haven’t even told Namjoon.”“Tell me, if you wanna get things off your chest. I’ll keep it between us,” Seokjin said and rubbed Jeongguk’s shoulder.“It’s… I mean. I could be wrong but I’m not,” Jeongguk said and looked down.“I promise to not utter a word,” Seokjin assured him again.“When I went to pick up Mr. Kim and you know how he acts like I'm invisible,” Jeongguk started and Seokjin gave him a sad nod.“Well, when we were in the car, no one spoke. It was pretty pleasant but when he was getting out, he had his lawyer with him. He said and I quote ‘remember to get a restraining order against him as well.’ And he looked in the rear-view mirror and our eyes met for a brief second and for the first time ever, I was actually scared that I’ll not see Taehyung again,” Jeongguk said.“He said that?”“Yeah, pretty loud and clear,” Jeongguk replied.“But can he do that? Taehyung is an adult,” Seokjin said.“Taehyung is but then again Mr Kim is not only Taehyung’s father by law but he’s also a very powerful person. He can have me gone if he wishes to,” Jeongguk smirked.“Jeongguk, I know you’ll not believe me if I say that he wouldn’t have you gone but I… Taehyung means a lot to him. Taehyung is his biological son, he can’t risk for Taehyung to lose interest in his business because otherwise all his work will be given off to another person when he gets old. He wants his son to be what he is and… he’s not a bad man-”“Se-”“Hear me out, he must hate you right now, no doubt in that. And I’ll not lie and say it has nothing to do with class or money. It does but he’s also digging deep into Taehyung right now because he thinks it’s too fresh and too new. That Taehyung could handle the heartbreak now and be over with it soon.”Seokjin got frustrated as he spoke because it seemed like he was defending the old man. “Jeongguk, I’m not in any way saying that he doesn’t hate you. I’m sorry for that, but he wants a rich and secure future for his son. He knows your earnings because he paid you this time, he knows your life in itself is at risk every moment. He knows that.”“But isn’t everyone’s life at risk at every moment?” Jeongguk asked.“And isn’t money something that comes and goes. It’s like he’s never seen rich people go bankrupt or a man with guns always around him living the past hundred years. Guns don’t scare me, if tomorrow you wake up and there’s a new virus that has the world in a lockdown, that’s scary. Guns can be controlled. Deaths can’t. If it’s time, it’ll come,” Jeongguk said and felt himself getting hot with anger.“Jeongguk, I… I did- I’m sorry. I don’t know what else to say. I just, I know why he’s doing all this but it doesn’t make it any less difficult. You also have to understand that he’s a man who saved me, that I’m here because of him and if I… Jeongguk, I don’t wanna live a life in guilt if anything goes wrong.”“You’re here because you’re capable. God, I wish Namjoon was here. He is so much better at these things. But listen to me. If Namjoon was here he would say that Mr. Kim sure as hell gave you a family, roof under your head, bed to sleep in and food to eat but he didn’t give you the skills you already have. Of course, no doubt that life would have been a little difficult if Mr. Kim wouldn’t have adopted you but you would still have made it through. No one can take away your talent or skills,” Jeongguk said and Seokjin just kept looking at him.“Wow, you should stop hanging out with Namjoon, he’s not the best influence. And since when did the whole thing become about me?” Seokjin said as he felt his throat collapsing. He got some water for himself and passed the bottle to Jeongguk.“We’ll find a way, I’ll talk to Mr. Kim. I have never asked him anything, maybe this is my time to guilt trap him,” Seokjin said and Jeongguk laughed.Hoseok’s voice was heard before Hoseok was even seen.“I’ll get going then,” Jeongguk said as soon as Hoseok appeared through the main door.They both greeted each other briefly before he was out the door. “Is everything under control?” Yoongi asked Namjoon over the call.“Pretty much, I’m on my way back home, I have had a tiring day. Just need to sleep for a few days straight.”“That bad, huh?”“We’ll get it over with.”“The contract’s truly over,” Yoongi said as more of a statement than a question.“Seems like it,” Namjoon said.“Are you driving, how are you getting home?” Yoongi asked.“Jeongguk picked me up,” Namjoon said.“That means I’m on speaker?” Yoongi asked and Jeongguk laughed. He was on speaker.“I’m coming to your place once I drop Namjoon,” Jeongguk said.“Please don’t.”“When did you reach home?” Namjoon asked.“Just about half an hour ago,” Yoongi replied.“Yoongi it’s almost midnight,” Namjoon pointed out.“I know how to look at the time.”“Have you had dinner?”“That’s not important, I can eat breakfast tomorrow.”“Where’s Yeoun?”“At my brothers.”“Why haven’t you eaten yet?” Jeongguk asked this time.“I feel like the medicines are giving me indigestion,” Yoongi said.“There’s one for digestion as well.”“Great, more medicines.”“I’ll drop by, don’t worry,” Jeongguk said softly.“Please don’t, I’m begging, I’m going to bed,” Yoongi said and before anyone could reply he hung up.Yoongi threw the phone on the couch and stared at it for a while. Jimin’s conversation ran wild in his mind.He sat down on a chair just near the kitchen and looked around his house. It wasn’t a big place. Just enough for him and Yeoun. If you took everything from the house then it was just a big square. He wanted it that way so he could have his eyes on every corner no matter where he was.You would be able to see both the rooms from the kitchen, everything was out in the open. He wanted it that way because Yeoun was small and he was alone. But never lonely.Yoongi has always enjoyed his company. Has always been the one taking care of his own happiness. The kind of person who believed that a nap could cure problems. Yoongi hated gatherings of more than ten people in a room. He would rather be home.But now he was home, when he looked around his place, it looked huge, spacious. Like there was room for someone else as well. The space between the rooms was huge, the space between the kitchen and living room was huge, from living room to the rooms, from kitchen to the room. There was just so much white space that it gave him chest aches.Yoongi hasn’t felt lonely in a long time, longest, if he was honest. Since Yeoun, he has one focus and that was his daughter. Nothing has changed though, Yeoun still is his number one priority but now his priority list has increased. He would never admit it to himself that one of the reasons he pushed Hoseok away was because he was scared of how close they became. Yeoun would look forward to spending time with Hoseok, he would wait for Hoseok to be free so they could spend some time together. This has never happened before. He has never felt like that before. He thought he could handle himself. But when Yeoun got in trouble, that was like all his insecurities of how every perfect thing had to come to an end, just happened in a flicker of a second.His mind would always go back to Hoseok, his heart would always go back to Hoseok. Was it pride that was stopping him to go back to Hoseok or was it concerned?Yoongi knew well enough that Hoseok would never endanger Yeoun’s life but he couldn’t let that last stance get out of his head.His doorbell rang, it was Jeongguk. After all the time he has asked the kid not to visit, he was here.Hoseok stood on the other side of the door and Yoongi froze.“You… you’re not Jeongguk,” Yoongi said in pure confusion, Hoseok’s lips lift up in a small smile.“I… Yes, I...” Hoseok was at the loss of words, he kept looking at Yoongi, begging him to just read his thoughts to read why he was here.Hoseok then pulled the bag in front of his face.“What’s that?” Yoongi asked, his own voice sounded foregin to him.“Food.”“What?” Yoongi was confused. Jeongguk told him? Namjoon? They would never.“Seokjin mentioned you haven’t eaten and he made extra-”“You got me food?” Yoongi asked to crosscheck for no reason. It was like Yoongi couldn’t focus. He couldn’t believe that Hoseok was really here.“I… yes, you should eat.” Hoseok pushed the bag towards Yoongi for him to take it.Yoongi just stared at the bag, then moved his hands with no direction. Hoseok struggled but handed him the bag.“I should get going,” Hoseok said and turned around abruptly.“Stay,” Yoongi said with all the strength in him, his neck saw colour.“What?” Hoseok was sure he was hearing things.“Have you had dinner?” Yoongi asked.“I… I hav- I haven’t,” Hoseok replied with hesitation.“Seokjin must have sent a lot, you should eat too,” Yoongi said and walked back inside his living room.“What’s that?” Hoseok asked in horror.“What? Where?” Yoongi turned back to Hoseok. Panic rose in his chest as he noticed Hoseok’s gaze on his leg.“It’s nothing,” Yoongi replied, he completely forgot that he was wearing shorts. He changed as soon as he got home.“Yoongi, what the hell happened? Why is your calf covered in dressing?” Hoseok’s voice was a pitch high. Yoongi remembered that tone.“It’s truly nothin-” Yoongi couldn’t finish before Hoseok came and snatched the bag out of Yoongi's hand. He kept it on the kitchen slab.“Yoongi,” Hoseok said worriedly and for some reason Yoongi couldn’t do much but smile.Hoseok made Yoongi walk towards the couch and made him sit down.“I’ll get you your food and then you can tell me all about it,” Hosoek said hurriedly, he didn’t even touch Yoongi, too scared to break an already damaged person.“Do I have to?” Yoongi asked.“I… I mean… I’ll not push you if you don’t want to tell me. I was just concerned.” Hoseok started getting plates and bowls and everything he could get his hands on.Yoongi felt guilty for planting that doubt in Hoseok, that Yoongi would ever not want to tell him anything. Hoseok before would have just asked him to tell the story straight but Hoseok now was a little different. Yoongi did that. His fault.Hoseok laid out everything in front of Yoongi and started panicking when Yoongi moved to get the food for himself.“Just tell me what you want and I’ll serve it, you don’t have to move,” Hoseok snapped.“I can get my own stuff, my body is still functional,” Yoongi laughed but Hoseok just stared at him angrily.After Yoongi’s plate was full with every item of food even when he only asked for two things, Hoseok seemed satisfied.“Why aren’t you eating? You said you haven’t had dinner,” Yoongi said as he took his first bite of the day.“I already ate at Taehyung’s,” Hoseok confessed.“But… then-”“I only said it so you couldn’t kick me out,” Hoseok replied.“You guilt trapped me into inviting you in?” Yoongi laughed and Hoseok smiled.“Are you ever gonna tell me what happened?” Hoseok asked again.“Can I eat first? Talk about what happened at Taehyung for a while.”Yoongi ate in peace while Hoseok told him trivial things that happened at Taehyung’s today.Once done, Hoseok wouldn’t let Yoongi keep his plates in the sink.“Now tell me,” Hoseok said when he got back.“It’s not that serious, I’m sure you must have heard Taehyung talk about a gunshot. Well, Jeongguk covered Taehyung and Namjoon did his best to deflect it but Una’s angle was very off, she was trying to scare Taehyung, she moved her hand down to shot and Namjoon thought she was shooting at Taehyung so he pushed her hand up, and as it was already ground level, the up angle was my leg.”“You got shot?” Hoseok yelled and for some reason it made Yoongi laugh.“Not shot but it hardly caressed by skin,” Yoongi said.“It touched your skin,” Hoseok yelled again and Yoongi shook his head with laughter.“Not like that but,” Yoongi started and then took Hoseok’s hand in his, flipped it downwards so the inner part was down. Yoongi then very softly and lightly caressed his thumb over Hoseok’s hand. “Like this.”His voice got caught up when he saw the expression on Hoseok’s face. Yoongi didn’t let go of the hand for a minute too long, just kept rubbing his thumb over the soft skin. “Did Namjoon tell Seokjin that I haven’t had dinner yet?” Yoongi said to fill in the silence. Because if the silence grew, Yoongi would have the other man in his arms and that was dangerous.“He did, Namjoon called right when I was leaving and then Seokjin asked me if I can carry the food to you. It… I don’t know if you remember-”“I remember,” Yoongi said without looking up.“You don’t even know what I’m talking about.”“I know. When I got chicken for you,” Yoongi looked at Hoseok and he just wanted to hold him, his face, his hand, his body. Just wanted to close all distances between them. Yoongi could never forget that night and what happened after.Yoongi had never done that for someone he wasn’t friends with, being around Hoseok at that time gave him the homely feeling and as much as it calmed him down, it always scared him.But what scared him more was the distance he himself created between them.“I never expected you to be at my doorstep, specially not with food, that too willingly,” Hoseok pointed it out and threw his hair back.“You were hungry.”“I was alone and hungry,” Hoseok corrected him.“I wanted to see you and I never had a reason to,” Yoongi confessed for the first time.“We hardly ever spoke, I would always panic when you tried talking to me and I didn’t want to drive you away. So, I just convinced myself if I don’t do it now there will be no tomorrow for us,” Yoongi said.“Well, a little too late for that now,” Hoseok said sadly but still smiled.“I’m sorry,” Yoongi said abruptly. Clear enough for Hoseok to hear.“W… Why?”“For pushing you away, I was angry, I know you would never hurt Yeoun but… I was just scared,” Yoongi said in a low voice and looked down at his hands.“You were right to be angry.”“I… I didn’t mean it to drive this way. For us to end up in a situation where it just feels a little awkward being around each other. Hoseok… you… I was,” Yoongi stopped because he couldn’t complete. Wasn’t sure what he wanted to say.“I’m sorry for what happened, it wasn’t intentional, I love Yeoun. I love her, Yoongi, you weren’t wrong with how you reacted and maybe I would have done the same and it’s something difficult to come back from.”“She misses you, she’s small but she remembers you. I thought that within a week or so, she’ll start forgetting, but she remembers you. I remember you, I miss you. I have made up scenarios in my head of how we could resolve this. I have prepared speeches in my head,” Yoongi said in a shaky voice.“Did my beauty distract you from your speech?” Hoseok asked to lighten the mood and it worked, Yoongi just looked at him and laughed with pressed lips.“I have missed you, I have prayed every day to be a little more generous to me. I know you mentioned that you felt that it was a little awkward being around each other but I never saw it that way. For me, I would always look for a reason to be around you. It was amusing to me how you tried your best to not look at me, or avoid saying my name or talking to me,” Hoseok said and laughed.Yoongi hasn’t heard that laughed in some time now. Loud and clear like music.“You found the whole thing amusing?”“I mean, of course, I was hurt but then again there wasn’t much I could do. I thought that it was what you wanted. I’ve made it clear to you so many times and that I finally accepted that you wanted space and distance, so I gave you that.” Hoseok played his chance and took Yoongi’s hand in his hand and when Yoongi didn’t show any hesitation, Hoseok smiled.“I’m sorry,” Yoongi repeated.“Please don’t apologize, every time you say it makes me feel guilty. Don’t do it, let’s just start fresh,” Hoseok suggested and Yoongi looked over at him.“What do you mean? Like, start from day one?”“Kinda, I mean. I don’t mean it that we act like we don’t know each other at all,” Hoseok said and played with Yoongi’s hand.“I just mean that, like, start like we just started dating, that maybe we have liked each other for a while but we only started dating from… tomorrow? When do you want it to be?” Hoseok asked and he seemed serious which only confused Yoongi.“You do know we have said I love yous to each other,” Yoongi mentioned and Hoseok shyly smiled.“You haven’t said that in a while though, that’s not the point of it at all. The point is… I wanna date you. Take you out or if you don’t wanna go out, we can do it in here. I wanna make dinner or lunch or even a snack for you. Make plans with you to do something, do all the cheesy things i’ve seen in the movies.”Yoongi frowned and Hoseok panicked a little.“We just rushed into it, Yoongi. Like… of course you were supper difficult in the starting but then we just went with the whole thing, not that I regret any of it. But just that I always felt like we never got to be a normal couple,” Hoseok said in hopes of Yoongi getting what he meant.“We’re not a normal couple. I have a child, in case you forgot,” Yoongi said in a defensive manner and Hoseok just squeezed his hand a little tighter.“Not in that way. Even people with children are a couple. Single parents also date. Don’t be like you’re the only one ever to be raising a child alone and also you’re not alone. I’m always gonna be here for you, if you’ll have me. I’ll help you with Yeoun.”Yoongi just kept looking at Hoseok and Hoseok took it as his cue to carry on.“What I meant is, I would want you to dress up and come to my place for dinner, candle or dim light dinner. Where we just romance and talk and everything. As much as I have loved the whole thing that I shared with you, over the couch, in your room, in your kitchen, everywhere. I want us to do all the stupid things as well,” Hoseok said with hope in his voice.“You’ll make me dinner?” Yoongi asked.“I have never made a proper meal but I can check out videos and recipes,” Hoseok confessed and Yoongi laughed.“Why don’t you let me cook for you and if you want it at your place, I can get the food there and we can have dinner at your place, all dressed up as you want,” Yoongi said.“No, you always cook for me, I wanna prepare a full fledged meal for you this time. Do you wanna do three course?”“You’ll make a three course meal?” Yoongi asked with surprise.“Yeah, drink, food and desert. I’ll probably order the desert but you get it,” Hoseok said and Yoongi laughed.“You do know that’s not what a three course meal means, right?”“Don’t ruin it, you know I can’t actually make a three coruse meal, it’s Hoseok style three course, do you want it or not?” Hoseok raised his voice and Yoongi laughed again.“I would love to have it,” Yoongi said and smiled.“I never thought we would have this again,” Hoseok said.“What?”“Us, together. Laughing and teasing and sitting together, you’re even letting me hold you hand.”“I want to kiss you,” Yoongi said as he gathered all his strength.Hoseok smiled from ear to ear and said, “I thought you would never ask.”Hoseok was smiling as he leaned in and Yoongi smiled because of him, that didn’t stop them from connecting their lips like old times. It was all too familiar and new at the same time.Yoongi felt it in his spine, they have kissed before and this kiss wasn’t different but it didn’t hold the same weight like the last times. This felt new and refreshing, like listening to your favourite song after a long time or listening to an old song and just remembering how much you love and have missed that song.You know the lyrics to it all, the beat of it but it still feels new. That would be how Yoongi would describe his kiss with Hoseok.Hoseok placed his hand over Yoongi’s leg to pull him closer and Yoongi broke the kiss with a loud painful moan and that was when it hit Hoseok.“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I completely forgot about your leg, oh God! Are you hurt? I’m so sorry,” Hoseok said and jumped from his seat, he stood over at Yoongi but was too scared to even lay a finger on him.“I’m fine I’m fine,” Yoongi said softly while he proceeded to press his leg.“Then why are you holding your leg? And why did you painfully yell?” Hoseok punched Yoongi’s shoulder in panic and it made Yoongi laugh.“It didn’t hurt, okay. You didn’t even hit the right spot, your hand was near it but just the sensation and press tightened the muscle and that’s why it hurts just a little but not too much.”“How did you even roam around Taehyung’s house without anyone noticing?”“Seokjin knew the second he saw me. Jeongguk and Namjoon already know, of course. I just had to act for like three steps from Taehyung’s room’s door to his bed. Oh god and Jimin. Jimin when dropped me off, won’t drive off till I reach my door. He said he was being cautious. I gorilla walked to my room and he thought I was acting funny.”Hoseok laughed loudly, threw his head back and clapped his hands.“You can’t tell Taehyung ever, try not to mention it to Jimin as well, as their telepathy is stronger than ever,” Yoongi said.“I won’t I won’t. It will really break Taehyung’s heart and he would blame it on himself,” Hoseok said and Yoongi gave him a nod.They went quiet for a while. Hoseok looked over at the clock in the living room and noticed it’s almost two am at that time.“Well… I should get going now, you need rest,” Hoseok said and got up, pretended to look for his stuff even when he came empty handed.“Stay the night, it’s anyway too late for you to drive back,” Yoongi tried to say it calmly but it sounded borderline desperate. He doesn’t care anymore.“I mean… are you sure?” Hoseok asked just to be sure.“My clothes fit you, there’s no reason to go back.”“They only fit me because you wear clothes thrice your size,” Hoseok replied and sat back down.“What I mean to say is, stay with me,” Yoongi said in a low soft voice and it made Hoseok’s heart go warm.“Only if we sleep with pillows between us,” Hoseok suggested.“Are we children?”“Your leg, I move around when I sleep and I don’t wanna hurt you on accident,” Hoseok explained and Yoongi understood. As much as he hated the fact that Hoseok would be so close yet so far, he was okay with it as long as Hoseok was there.“When’s Yeoun returning?” Hoseok asked.“Tomorrow after school. Oh, you can’t tell her either. She’ll freak out and she’s small, she’ll try to poke it. She does that all the time. I once got my hand injured and it wasn’t much and I couldn’t cover it up and after every hour, she’ll come up to me and will poke it and go ‘does it still hurt?’ like it was supposed to stop hurting in an hour.”“Sometimes I forget how much of a baby you are,” Hoseok said playfully and ruffled Yoongi’s hair.“Hey? I’m not a baby,” Yoongi said with a pout and Hoseok laughed.“Cute,” Hoseok said and laughed. He got up and offered his hand to Yoongi, “let’s go to bed, you have had a long day and we need rest.”“Do you promise to strip in front of me?” Yoongi teased as he got up.“I’ll give you a whole show, let’s just move from here.”Hoseok arranged everything in the room, made the bed and separated their sides with three pillows.“Don’t you think it’s too much?” Yoongi said as he went to sit on his side.“Get some rest.”“The strip show please,” Yoongi said and folded his hands.“I’ll just be back, let me tidy up the living room and then I’m all yours,” Hoseok said and left the room.“Hurry up, okay,” Yoongi shouted from behind.Hoseok started putting everything back to its place and then he noticed the dishes piling up. He knew well enough that if he left them there and Yoongi woke up before him, Yoongi would end up doing all the dishes, so he started doing them quickly. Within the next twenty minutes, he was done and he rushed towards the room just to find Yoongi sleeping peacefully.Hoseok smiled to himself. Yoongi must have been tired. He covered him up and turned the lights off, changed quickly and then struggled to find his way back to bed.Within minutes he was fast asleep as well. “Can you believe it has been three months?” Seokjin said and turned to face Namjoon who was still a little asleep.“Hmmm.”“I mean, it still seems like everything happened just yesterday,” Seokjin said.“Hmmm.”“Are you gonna say anything else except for ‘Hmmm’?”“Yes,” Namjoon said and Seokjin laughed.“You’re so annoying in the morning.”“Why are you up so early?” Namjoon said and shifted a little to wrap his arm around Seokjin’s waist, he pulled him close and kept pushing his head in the pillow.“Stop doing that,” Seokjin protested with a laugh.“Just sleep.”“I am not sleepy,” Seokjin replied.“I just wanna sleep, Jinnie,” Namjoon said and pouted and Seokjin smacked his lips.“What was that for?” Namjoon opened his eyes.“It’s almost noon and I’m way too excited to fall asleep.”“Excited for what?” Namjoon said and pulled Seokjin even closer. It just made seokjin smile. Past few weekends have been like that, in bed, doing nothing but talking and sleeping. Seokjin would always get up early and then out of boredom will start tidying up Namjoon’s house“This will be my first time at Yoongi’s place,” Seokjin said and snaked his hand in Namjoon’s hair.“I forgot about that,” Namjoon replied.“How can you forget when that has been the only thing I’ve talked about since last week,” Seokjin complained.“I forgot that it is today. I remember the dinner but just not the day,” Namjoon said and kissed Seokjin’s neck.“It is today. After we bullied Yoongi to invite us over,” Seokjin mentioned and got on his elbows. Namjoon protested with a moan.“It feels like it has been so long since we all were together,” Seokjin said.“We just had dinner at our place last week,” Namjoon said and Seokjin pushed his shoulder.“Don’t ruin my mood and stop calling it our place when it’s your house.”“It’s as much your as it is mine.”“It is all yours and not mine.”“Do you hate our house?” Namjoon shifted so his body was upwards, he looked at Seokjin who was already looking at him.“I never said that.”“You know you can move in any day you want. I asked you a couple of months back to move in with me and you said no, so I’m asking again-”“Don’t, you know I can’t move in with you.”“I only get to be with you over the weekends,” Namjoon protested.“But we’re still together every night, even if it’s just for a small time,” Seokjin said and pecked Namjoon’s lips.“Why can’t you?”“I told you what I thought before. I know everyone hates the Kims. I get that and I know it, especially considering what happened the last time. It’s just… I… I can’t let go of them because of everything they have done for me. I know everyone’s tired of listening to the same old story but I… I just can’t.”“Your parents must be proud of you,” Namjoon said softly and rubbed Seokjin’s back.“They must be looking at you right now and must be really proud. I know I always want you around me for selfish reasons. Like, I literally always want you around but I get it that you can’t. And maybe one day you’ll.”“You stay hopeful and we’ll get through this all,” Seokjin joked and got off the bed.“Now let’s get back to business, what shall I wear?”“Seokjin, just get back to bed and let me love you please. I am too tired to be using my brain for your outfits.”“No loving today, baby. It’s party time,” Seokjin yelled.“Jin, just get back, I am begging you,” Namjoon yelled back.“Get on your knees if you’re serious,” Seokjin said seductively and Namjoon threw his head back into his pillow.“I don’t know how you always end up making everything sexual.”“Everything’s always sexual when it comes to you,” Seokjin said and jumped on the bed beside Namjoon, then in a painful battle, he ended up straddling him.“How did we even end up like this?” Namjoon laughed when Seokjin leaned into him.“You were begging for me,” Seokjin said and kissed his man. “You really don’t think we’re allowed to be fashionably late?” Taehyung asked as he watched Jeongguk race around in the bedroom finding something to wear.“Yoongi would close his doors at exact seven, if we are even a second late.”“But, I wanna make an entrance.”“You can do that at sharp six fifty-five,” Jeongguk said as he looked at himself in the mirror.“But that’s not fun,” Taehyung protested.“Babe, it’s not fun and games this time,” Jeongguk said and looked at Taehyung, he lifted his eyebrow to ask him how his outfit looked.“You always look like the most handsome man in the room,” Taehyung said and added, “Change the shirt though, it makes it seem like you’re trying to impress a toddler.”“So, it’s a look then, because you’re a baby,” Jeongguk said and sat back down on the bed.“I’m already, always impressed.”Taehyung was still in his pyjamas and he was texting Jimin non stop. Everyone was excited for today because it was like being invited to the room which was always locked.“Remember how last week at Namjoon’s, I was like two hours late?”“That was because you got lost, not because you were purposely late.”“I’m trying to prove a point, babe. Everyone was happy to see me.”“Everyone was acting dramatic like their hero just came back from war,” Jeongguk said and Taehyung looked at him with anger. He laughed and kissed Taehyung’s forehead.“Stop it and just get ready.”“We still have a lot of time, it’s not even two in the afternoon.”“I’m just nervous,” Jeongguk said.“Why though?”“I don’t know. I just am,” Jeongguk lied and he felt uncomfortable.“I haven’t had a nightmare in thirteen days now,” Taehyung said to change the subject.“And you know how long it has been since you’ve made yourself comfortable in my house?” Jeongguk teased.“That is exactly my point. I should just move in with you,” Taehyung said and moved closed to Jeongguk.“You could but then Jimin would be left alone and you also only live a floor above mine, it’s not like you stay there at all. You just go back to sleep.”“But I wanna sleep with you,” Taehyung said and then he heard himself. Smacked Jeongguk’s hand when Jeongguk started laughing. “In both ways.”“We always do it both ways.”“Ha ha, Jeon Jeongguk is so funny,” Taehyung said with a straight face and Jeongguk just laughed.“You know, you never told me why you avoided me for a whole week since that night,” Jeongguk asked. He has tried asking Taehyung at several occasions but all those times Taehyung would get uncomfortable so Jeongguk has just dropped it. It has been over a month since Jeongguk last asked him.“You’ll think it’s stupid and then you’ll laugh at me,” Taehyung said.“I’ll always laugh at you, babe,” Jeongguk said and kissed Taehyung.“Well, I couldn’t face you because you took a bullet for me,” Taehyung confessed after all this time.“What?” Jeongguk was confused.“When Una pointed her gun at me, you jumped in without hesitation.”Jeongguk wanted to correct him and say, ‘Technically Yoongi took a bullet for you,’ but then he didn’t. Yoongi would never forgive him.“You know the bullet didn’t even touch me,” Jeongguk said and moved closer as well.“But that doesn’t mean that you didn’t jump right between us. I mean, you wouldn’t know at that time that she would miss the mark.”“Hey, Taehyung, I was wearing a bulletproof-vest. If that makes a difference,” Jeongguk tried to calm Taehyung down.“It doesn’t. You don’t get it. I have always seen in movies and read in books and all of that, people have said that ‘oh, I’ll take a bullet for you’. But it’s all just a way of showing how much a person cares about another. I never thought someone would stand in between when a shot is fired at me. Not even you.”“Hey, are you upset that I did that?”“N… No. I… Jeongguk, I wouldn’t wanna be here without you,” Taehyung said and a tear fell down his eye.“Hey, Tae, listen, come here.” Jeongguk embraced Taehyung in his arms. Held him close and tight.“Never say that. I wish and plan for us to be together forever but if anything happens and we’re not together, you’ll find a reason to be happy. A person can’t hold all your happiness.”“Don’t get philosophical on me.”“I would take a bullet for you, though, in all sense of that sentence, you know that,” Jeongguk said as he ran circles on Taehyung’s back.“Don’t ever do that, I swear, I’ll be upset,” Taehyung said and it made Jeongguk laugh.“God, what will I ever do without your ass here?”“I am glad you don’t work for my dad anymore.”“I mean, he was clever enough to pay me double to be his bodyguard. But it all seemed just a little too shady.”“I never suspected him to try that on me, like, he threatened me that he’ll send you away if I keep seeing you.”Jeongguk stayed quiet. He never loved talking ill of the old man, because the man was Taehyung’s father and after everything that has happened, Jeongguk had an understanding of why he did what he did.“He was really surprised when I told him I’m moving out. He thought I won’t be able to survive alone and all that but then again, I’m Kim Taehyung. A man once told me, I can do anything I put my mind to.”“The man seems intelligent, keep him around,” Jeongguk said and kissed Taehyung’s hair.“He’s pretty dumb, don’t get fooled. I might dump his ass soon.” Jeongguk squeezed Taehyung tightly and Taehyung struggled to break free.“It hurts, Jeongguk. Stoooopppp,” Taehyung yelled with laughter.“Take it back first.”“He’s annoying and is trying to kill me,” Taehyung yelled louder.“Take. It. Back.”“I love his bunny smile,” Taehyung said and Jeongguk let go. He smiled to prove Taehyung right and Taehyung took it as his cue to smother him with kisses.“We’ll get late,” Jeongguk said as he tried getting air.“We have enough time to go multiple rounds. Get here,” Taehyung yelled. “You look so cute,” Hoseok said from the kitchen.“Do I look that nervous?”“What do you mean?” Hoseok asked in confusion.“You only call me cute when I look nervous,” Yoongi mentioned.“Do I? Weird. But yes, you do look nervous. You need to breathe right.”“Easy for you to say, Yeoun loves you,” Yoongi said and sat down opposite Hoseok.“Yeoun will love them, believe me.”“How can you be so sure? What if she hates Seokjin or Taehyung? How am I ever gonna be around them with her? We should have thought it through.”“I’ve never seen you like this,” Hoseok said and laughed.“My misery is amusing to you?”“A little bit, yes. Here, try this.” Hoseok gave a drink to Yoongi.“Yeoun will be here at six and they’ll reach here by seven. Yeoun will probably be up by nine or ten max, and then-”“Don’t overthink it, Yoongi. They’re great people. Also, kids love Seokjin and Taehyung is amazing with children.”“Thanks for that but I’m overthinking it.”“You keep getting cuter and cuter, wow.”“What if they hate me for never telling them?” Yoongi stood up.“Yoongi, they’ll understand why you never did.”“What if they already knew because Jimin told them?”“Jimin would never, you know that.”“Jimin has posted pictures of her on his social media though,” Yoongi said.“Yeah, only because you allowed it.”“Yeoun looked cute. She has never had that kind of attention.“It’s almost six,” Yoongi said when he looked over at the clock.“You’re just passing random information now,” Hoseok said and laughed again.“Because I’m nervous,” Yoongi yelled.Yeoun was soon in the house and she rushed to Hoseok.“Hoba,” She yelled as she hugged him.“How is my favourite person?” Hoseok asked as he took her in his arms.“We used paints today,” She said and showed her hands to Hoseok. They were painted in different colours. Some blue here and some green there.“Let’s go wash it off,” Yoongi said and took Yeoun from Hoseok. Yeoun hugged Yoongi as soon as she got into Yoongi’s embrace.“Tomorrow, we use red and white colours,” She told him excitedly.“Do you want colours here as well? So, you can practice at home?” Yoongi asked as he took her to her room.“Can I?” She asked and her eyes went big.“Of course, you tell me which colour you want and I’ll get them all,” Yoongi said and kissed her cheeks. “Now, let’s get you cleaned up.”Yoongi heard the doorbell and his heart went to his mouth.“Who is it?” Yoongi yelled to ask Hoseok.“I haven’t even reached the door,” Hoseok said laughingly.“It’s Jimin,” Jimin yelled from outside the door.“Was I that loud?” Yoongi yelled again.“Yes,” Hoseok and Jimin yelled in union.“How’s he doing?” Jimin asked.“Losing his shit, it’s so funny.”Yoongi came out with Yeoun and Yeoun ran towards Jimin. Then they got lost in their talks.“It’s like she doesn’t even see me anymore,” Yoongi said when he went to sit next to Hoseok.“She’s just excited to see him after so long,” Hoseok embraced Yoongi and Yoongi just leaned into him. Hoseok and him have been doing exactly what Hoseok wanted.It has been fun and stressful. But never dull, any moment with Hoseok is never dull. The stress has always been about the food since it turned out that Hoseok and Yoongi both aren’t picky-eater. Hoseok suggested they try something new every date night and Yoongi just doesn’t know what new dish to try every week.When the doorbell rang again, Yoongi got nervous. He got up to greet his guests but Jimin beat him to it.Namjoon, Seokjin, Jeongguk and Taehyung entered together. Taehyung and Seokjin moved their eyes around to register the place.“Well, make yourself at home, I guess.”“Your place is so nice,” Taehyung mentioned with awe.“Thank you,” Yoongi said shyly.“Oh, Hello,” Seokjin said when his eyes land on Yeoun. She was in Hoseok’s lap, all curled up to him.“Hi,” Yeoun said shyly.“Oh my god, she is so cute,” Taehyung said and rushed towards Hoseok.“What’s your name?” Taehyung asked.“Yeoun,” She replied and pressed her face into Hoseok’s chest. Everyone laughed.“I’m Tata,” Taehyung said and held out his hand.“Tata?” Jeongguk coughed.“I always wanted kids to call me that, now let me live.”She looked at Taehyung with hesitation before reaching out and shaking his hand.“Your brother’s daughter is so cute, I might take her home,” Taehyung said excitedly.“My what?” Yoongi asked in confusion which got a laugh out of Hoseok, Jimin, Namjoon and Jeongguk.“She is your brother’s daughter. We discovered that a while back.”“What?” Yoongi was still confused.“We have seen her on Jimin and Hoseok’s insta and she was with her parents as well on their social media pages,” Seokjin replied.“You guys follow my brother?”“No, but we stalked him,” Taehyung replied.Yoongi laughed and Hoseok understood right then. “Yoongi, no. Stop, don’t stretch it.” “But it’s so fun,” Yoongi said and Namjoon shook his head.“Yoongi,” Hoseok said firmly and Yoongi felt the defeat.“I have to tell you guys something and don’t cause drama with your partners because they made a promise to me,” Yoongi said and held out his hand to Yeoun. She moved from Hoseok’s lap and went to stand next to Yoongi.“Yeoun is my daughter,” Yoongi said and ruffled Yeoun’s hair. She laughed because that’s one of the ways they play around and despite what was happening, she thought they were playing around.“What?” Taehyung almost yelled.“Don’t scare her,” Yoongi said and took Yeoun into his arms.“Yeoun, you wanna show Tata and Jin your toys?” Yoongi asked in a baby voice. Yeoun gave him a nod and she rushed into her room.“You guys have exactly five minutes before she’s back with her toys.”“I don’t know if I'm more surprised at Yoongi having a daughter or him speaking baby language?” Seokjin said and everyone laughed. Yoongi smiled because they were taking it well.“You have a child?” Taehyung asked again.“I thought we covered that.”“But… I am very confused. When? How? Were you married? Did the women leave you? Is she adopted? Is she your brother’s and he gave her to you?” Taehyung bombarded the questions.“She’s adopted and for rest of the information, please contact your partners. No more questions my way. Thanks,” Yoongi said and went to sit next to Hoseok.“How does Jimin already knows?” Seokjin asked with betrayal in his voice.“That’s a long story.”“Well another announcement,” Jimin said and stood up.“At least offer us water before you give us so much information,” Seokjin yelled.“I’m so sorry, I forgot. I was scared how you guys will react, I completely forgot,” Yoongi said and rushed towards the kitchen and Seokjin felt sad.“I was just joking, we all know where the water is,” Seokjin said.“You don’t, you’re new here,” Jimin said.“Can we uninvite Jimin next time?” Taehyung said and Jimin went to cling on to Taehyung.“Anyway,” Hoseok said and stood up.“Jimin and I are opening our academy,” Hoseok said and the room went big eyes. Yeoun came out of her room with her toys and Taehyung made grabby hands at her, she shyly went to him and started showing him her toys.“You better keep talking, I’m listening. Park Jimin, you’re in big trouble.”“We decided it last night, I swear to god. You were having s-” Jimin stopped himself and looked at Yeoun before he continued again with less explicit language.“You were worshiping Jeongguk and didn’t have time for me,” Jimin said and Taehyung laughed.“Well, the point is, we love dancing and we both have a degree. We wanna teach and learn and earn in the same field. So, you know how the industry hires choreographers, we wanna give a try to that, if that doesn't work, we can always just have students who’ll go off to agencies and that’ll give a name to us as well.”“Wow, you really thought it through,” Namjoon said.“Enough talking, dinner time,” Yoongi said and got up.“It’s only seven thirty,” Jeongguk replied.“Yeoun goes to bed at nine,” Hoseok replied.“I’m just gonna have snacks,” Seokjin said and they all moved into the kitchen to grab something.They all spoke about how life has changed in the last few months while still questioning Yoongi regarding Yeoun.“It’s a shame Una is still out in the open,” Jimin said angrily.“Well, she’s going to her therapy sessions and a psychiatrist is always there,” Taehyung said.“How do you know that?” Jimin asked.“She messaged me. She does that now and then. I feel like she’s guilty.”“Don’t take her back,” Namjoon said calmly.“Of course not but I don’t wanna block her either. She’s doing good and that’s good for her.”Then went back to talking about different things, how Seokjin is the head chef at a popular restaurant now and how he keeps getting offers from different agencies.Taehyung started doing art again, he has enough funds to open up a gallery and is in the midst of contacting rookie artists to showcase their work in his gallery.Namjoon and Yoongi opened up their own service company right after their contract expired and Jeongguk is the leader of their first batch. Everything is new and fresh and being worked on.They all have their lives sorted out and are ready for failures as well. Yoongi excused himself from the group and went to the kitchen. It was almost midnight and everyone was sitting in the living room, laughing and talking. Yeoun was asleep in Hoseok’s arm and would start crying as soon as Hoseok would get up to take her to her room.“Namjoon, give me a hand,” Yoongi called out for Namjoon and the rest didn’t even notice. Except for Seokjin who got confused when Namjoon separated himself from the older man.“What do you think of Hoseok?” Yoongi asked.“What?” Namjoon was confused.“You guys have been dating for long, what kind of a question is this?” Namjoon wasn’t sure what was happening.Yoongi pulled out a velvet box from the kitchen drawer. He doesn’t need to tell Namjoon what it was, Namjoon knew the second he laid eyes on it.“Change your expression, Hoseok is looking,” Yoongi said with his teeth pressed together.Namjoon looked over at Hoseok and gave him the biggest smile he could, it came naturally.“Are you… is… are… what the… you want to marry him?” Namjoon asked just to be sure.“I mean… are you looking at him and Yeoun? Tell me how that doesn’t scream family to you? You have seen them together. And it just saves up all the time I have to ask him to come over to look after Yeoun, or drive back at his place to drop Yeoun.”“You’re gonna ask him to move in with you as well?”“I don’t see a reason why not. He’s always here except for when I want him to look after Yeoun, the universe is playing with us. He spends most of his time with us. He spends most of the time with us. The place they’re gonna rent out for their academy is closer to my place than it is from his. He’s paying rent for his house even when he practically lives here.”“So, you’re only doing this for him to babysit and save up on his rent and not because you’re head over heels in love with him and wants to spend the rest of your life with him?” Namjoon teased.“Of course, who does it for love? Disgusting!” Yoongi played along.“I’m happy for you, Yoongi. Truly very happy. When are you gonna ask him?”“I don’t know, I mean I want to do it sooner but I have to talk to Yeoun about it as well.”“She’ll be thrilled, you know that.”“I hope so, maybe within a week, if everything goes well.”They both smiled and looked over at the others.Jeongguk was laid down on Jimin’s lap and Taehyung was using Jeongguk’s legs to support his sitting. Seokjin was telling them a story and they all tried not to laugh out loud because of Yeoun. Hoseok wrapped his arms around Yeoun to keep her warm, he would glance at Yeoun every once in a while. Would plant a kiss or two very now and then as well.They looked like a big family. Namjoon and Yoongi stared at them in silence. Yoongi was happy for them, all of them to have found each other, no matter what the circumstances were. There was a time when Yoongi was sure that they wouldn’t be together like this because it was all just business in the beginning but they all have ended up becoming more than friends and a lot more like a family.Seokjin looked over at them and caught Namjoon’s eyes, eyes that are always on Seokjin.He motioned them to come over when he noticed they were just looking at them.Namjoon and Yoongi moved back into the group and just sat there, filled with overwhelming happiness and calmness.They know very well that they would be okay together, that everything would work out well if they have each other. Even if in some time, as they grow up, they decide to move out to new places, they would always have time for each other. They were looking forward to the growth.As the night grew darker, the laughter grew lighter, the heartbeats went slower and they all found themselves asleep in Yoongi’s living room, which was big enough for seven people and a child. Big enough for a family.



Chapter End Notes
I DID ITI FINISHED ITALSO, i did it on this day because it's the groupe's anniversary. we've been doing this mess for 2 years now. congrats dee and anisha. (i L word you guys. disgusting).i'm sorry if the last part seems rushed. i have to show a time jump and i have to finish it as well. and it already crossed 16K words and i just didn't know how much more i can write.i know the reveal isn't something fancy but please bear with me,i've also written a 2jae (got7) fic in case you wanna check that out as well.i would LOVE to hear from you and what you think of the fic and the final chapter and everything.thank you for reading the fic, giving you time and being here with me. it has been amazing.



Afterword


End Notes
This is my first time writing a fic on BTS. So, please do let me know what y'all think of this. Kudos and comments are welcomed. Any type of feedback will help.I'll try and update as and when I'll get the time.Find me on Twitter LimJaebeomie and on tumblr limsjaebeom and on curiouscat limjaebeomie  drop by to talk or something.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



