



Wishful Thinking - TrashJesus - Overwatch Video Game
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Wishful Thinking
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14374419.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Overwatch (Video Game)
Relationship:
Jesse McCree/Hanzo Shimada
Character:
Lúcio Correia dos Santos, Hana "D.Va" Song, Lena "Tracer" Oxton, Jesse McCree, Hanzo Shimada, Angela "Mercy" Ziegler, Genji Shimada, Tekhartha Zenyatta
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Transformation, Fluff, Dragon!Hanzo, Wish Fulfillment, Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-20
          Completed: 2019-09-28
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 10039
      

Wishful Thinking
by TrashJesus
Summary
Hanzo makes a wish on a whim and it is granted with unintended side effects.Also Known As: Hanzo makes a wish and is stuck as a little dragon for a while.
Notes
I know this isn't quite how the mythology of these go, but lets roll with it, hm? This is a short little introductory chapter.

          See the end of the work for more notes





What You Wish For



“Did...Uh, I do the wrong thing?” Jesse shifted almost nervously while he watched Hanzo stare blankly at his unboxed present. He hadn’t really thought much about what it was or if a tourist trap item that it likely was could be taken as offensive. Inside the box, laying on a bed of colorful tissue papers was a slightly egg shaped, light pink colored, paper mache doll with a glossy coat.  Towards the top of its head was a white face, with white eyes with bushy brows and a mustache. Its body was covered in gold character that Jesse couldn’t even begin to read.
“It’s…” Hanzo started, tilting the box back towards the cowboy. “A daruma… Do you know what this means, McCree?”
Jesse froze.
He’d picked it up on a whim on his last undercover mission. The shop attendant said it a good luck charm, but at the time they had a red one in their hands. Were colors significant? They could have just been telling him anything to get him to buy something. He hadn’t really asked and there weren’t that many colors left for him to choose from. Swallowing hard, Jesse took off his hat, gripping it in both hands. “Now, if I’ve gone and done somethin’ ta upset ya, I’m sorry. Just saw it and thought ya might...sorry.”
Hanzo studied him. It didn’t appear that he was being mocked. It was likely the American really had no clue what he’d handed over. Finally, thankfully, Hanzo retracted the box, “I appreciate the thought. It was...kind of you to think of me. Thank you.”
Jesse lit up, feeling the weight lift off his shoulders. “Ain’t a problem. Just glad I didn’t go and insult ya.”
“You insult me every day you stand before me in that ridiculous attire.”
“Aw, now c’mon, sugarplum! That’s just down right hurtful.” he placed his hat atop his head once more, pretending the jab cut him deeply. Hanzo huffed at him, though he could see the smirk he was fighting not to show.
Once Hanzo was alone in the privacy of his room, he unboxed the daruma, placing it on his sparsely occupied desk.
“Pink.” he ‘hmph’ed to himself. His expression softened as he touched the tips of his fingers to its head, recalling how happy Jesse looked when he’d accepted the simple gift. He would have been lying to himself if he said he’d not been hoping that the choice was intentional.
The doll stared back at him with blank eyes while he thought it over. It was foolish to believe in such things.

 Wishes do not come true. 

Thought the man who could summon spirit dragons. The man who had wished his brother would breathe again. Wished he could forgive him.

 Perhaps. 

Hanzo reached into his desk, fishing out a calligraphy brush and a small pot of ink and filled in its left eye before he settled into bed.
 

 
By noon the next day, no one had seen nor heard from Hanzo. While it was odd to have him break his routine, it was not so odd for him to all but vanish. When the archer did not want to be bothered, he could not be found on base unless he deliberately wished it to be so.
Jesse briefly wondered if he really  had  insulted Hanzo with his gift if he couldn’t find him right after. But Hanzo told him otherwise and he didn’t think for a second Hanzo was the type to coddle. He scratched his beard, wondering just what set him off to disappear this time.
“Are you listening, Jesse?” Angela tapped her pen against her desk idly.
“Whazit? Oh. Yeah. Sorry, Angie. I’m feel’n fit as a fiddle. No need ta worry yer pretty lil head.”
“Mmhmm. And if you’d been  listening , Jesse, you would have heard me tell you I need to actually perform a check up to confirm this. You’ve been away on a mission and I know you got yourself into trouble more than once.”
Before Jesse could respond, a soft blip played through the overhead com. “Doctor Ziegler, forgive my interruption, but I have a matter to bring to your attention.”
Angela looked up towards the communicator, though there was little need to do so. “Can it wait, Athena? I was just about to perform a check up on Jesse.”
“I am afraid Agent McCree’s physical condition may occupy too much of your time. While I have no data to support any intruders or attacks to the base, my sensors are indicating extreme levels of distress coming from room one hundred ten with no response to my attempts to reach them. I am authorizing medical access.”
Jesse’s brow furrowed for a moment in thought. “One-ten. That’s… That’s  Hanzo’s  room.” the look he gave Angela was one that told her she’d have to physically fight him to stop him from heading there with her and she offered no objections. Their friendship was no secret and it would probably do more good than harm to have a friendly face with her.
“Hanzo! Hanzo, open up!” his fist pounded on the door and he could hear...thudding coming from the other side. Something was wrong. “Hanzo, it’s Jesse! Open the goddamn door!”
Angela pushed him to the side, pressing her hand to the scanner and punching in an emergency medical code. The display flashed green and the door slid open.
There was nothing to be seen.
Before them lay only the aftermath of whatever happened in there moments ago. The mattress was slipping onto the floor, the desk chair knocked over. A few of the paintings that once hung on the wall lay scattered on the floor with the rest of the mess.
They had both heard the noise behind the door. That sort of thing didn’t just vanish. Jesse wished he had his gun on him, but stepped inside nonetheless and heard something shuffle in the corner of the room and his eyes followed the sound.
Coiled up in the corner was a black, winding mass. If it weren’t for the gleam on them, Jesse wouldn’t have even known the thing had a face.
“What...the  fuck  is that?”
 



Adjust
Chapter Notes
Any time you see [Text like this.] it is meant to be Hanzo speaking, but no one can understand him.
This is a bit of a filler chapter, actual development to follow. At least there's some fluff here and there.
Edit: I forgot to mention that, yes, if you thought all the noises and stuff that Hanzo makes are based off of asian river otters, you are correct. I saw one video of one crawling on someone on the couch and I dived into otter videos after. They make the cutest sounds. And thus this fanfic was born.



His body rebelled against him.
His eyes had opened early that morning and aside from being able to see a little too well in the darkness, that had been the only normal thing about waking up. He reached for his phone, the alarm gently chiming to wake him, but found it was out of reach. Shifting in bed to get a little closer, he still could not reach the nightstand. It was not that far from his bed...perhaps he had just grabbed at the wrong area. Once more he tried to reach and then found himself tumbling to the floor.
That was when he’d noticed things were wrong. He’d braced himself for the fall and it took too long for his hands to touch the ground. He his body pressed against the carpet and realized just how much of it he felt. He went to run his hand through his hair, but his hand did not reach his head and finally...ever so slowly, he craned his neck to look at himself and just about leaped out of his skin.
 

 
Now someone knocked, or more accurately, pounded at his door, demanding to be let in. Hanzo had been considering opening the door for them once he figured out how to do that in his current state until he heard the voice. It was Jesse. There was no possible way he was going to let himself be seen like this by Jesse. He would rather see Winston’s bare backside than let Jesse witness him be disgraceful.
But all hope of that was dashed when he heard the door beep and slide open. His body immediately recoiled on itself and pressed into the corner, doing his best not to be seen.
“What the  fuck  is that?” he heard Jesse ask.
Angela turned on the lights to get a look at what Jesse saw and her eyes went wide.
In the corner was...well, it was something.
It was such a deep black that it reminded her of space, but with the fainest shimmer of blue about it’s scales. It’s mane, too, was black, running along part of it’s back and appearing again at what she had to assume was its tail. The creature was neither as large as she would expect a dragon, but nor was it small. If she had to guess, it was maybe twice the length of a river otter (excluding the dragon’s tail) but slimmer. The only color she could see on it apart from black was the golden horns atop its head and golden nails.
“It’s...a dragon.” Angela said before she could stop herself.
Upon hazarding a closer look, it was a dragon indeed. But it looked nothing like what he’d seen before. “Udon?” he tried.
[ No, you fool. I am- ] rather than words, what came out of his mouth was something between an angry screech and a squeak.
“O-Oh.” Angela initial fear gave way to awe at a noise she could only describe as ‘cute’.
“...Somen?” Jesse tried again. But this time no cute noise was offered, but a huff. “Sure as hell don’t look like Soba. Y’all got another Shimada brother I need to know about? Hanzo, darlin, where are ya? And wha-”
[ I am right here! And I- I...I need… ] the helplessness of his situation dawned on him again and he began to skitter back and forth, whining in distress.
“Calm down, would ya fella? Hanzo-”
A whine.
“Hanzo, I-”
A snort.
“Listen, pal, Imma need ya to quit yer fuss’n, I’m trying to get someone who can help ya. I just gotta find Hanzo. Now unless ya can tell me where he is-” the dragon shuffled angrily, snapping its teeth and pointedly stared at Jesse. “Oh, so yer just gonna tell me. That it?” it nodded, huffing through its nose. “You...understand me?”
Hanzo chirped, [ Yes, you buffoon. ]
“Jesse, I hardly think it's actually communicating with you.”
“Do you know where Hanzo is?” he proceeded anyway, keeping his eyes on the pitch black dragon. It flicked its tail once and gave a single nod. Jesse pointed out the window and received a noncommittal noise. He pointed towards the bathroom, nothing. But every time his finger passed over Hanzo, the dragon squeaked out. “What, so  yer  Hanzo?”
Hanzo gave an offended huff, straightening up his form as best he could, [ I have only said so numerous times! Now help me! ]
“Bull. Alright, Han, ya had yer fun.” but when Jesse and Angela searched the room, there was no sign of the archer.
“Athena… has anyone come in or out of Agent Shimada’s room in the last twenty-four hours?” Angela kept her eyes on the dragon, now with more confusion. There was a long pause before the A.I. spoke.
“Records indicate that Agent Shimada was visited by guest number 013, Zenyatta where they remained until morning. Records also indicate that Agent Shimada has been alone since last night with no access made to the room.”
Jesse dragged his hand over his face, “Really outta get them codenames er somethin’.” then it crept into their minds. No one had been in or out. No one. “...Yer fuck’n shit’n me.  Hanzo?” 
 

 
The trip to the medbay was a blur. Hanzo had begrudgingly been shoved into a mass of blankets to keep him hidden. He'd also fought Jesse while Angela did what he felt was rather invasive testing on his body. Questions had been asked of course to determine the dragon’s intelligence and if he actually was Hanzo. Two taps for ‘yes’, one for ‘no’.
“Am I a handsome devil?” Jesse jokingly interrupted Angela’s questions. Hanzo’s eyes peered at him and his claws tapped the table once.
“Are you an idiot?” Angela poked her pen into the cowboy’s chest immediately followed by the sound of two taps.
“Yeah, that's Hanzo fer sure.”
Winston was informed, much to Hanzo’s displeasure. But he was the greatest scientific mind they had on staff, if he could stabilize Lena, he could help Hanzo.
Probably.
 
There had been something of an argument. As much as one could have with a dragon who couldn't speak. Hanzo couldn’t stay in the medbay. It wasn't equipped to deal with a dragon, much less, one who hadn’t quite come into how to move his body without running into everything. He also couldn’t stay locked away in his room nor wander on or off base on his own. The good doctor and Winston weren’t too keen on the idea of leaving Hanzo unmonitored, but neither could devote the time to being with him twentyfour-seven. After listing off every agent possible (and having a rather adverse reaction to the name Genji), it was decided that Jesse would be the one to watch over him for the time being. It helped that he actually offered.
 

 
By dinner time, Hanzo was starving. Given the whole incident, he’d not had breakfast and his assessment had gone on entirely through lunch. Not that there was a strict schedule to adhere to. It was just a bit difficult to think about all things considered.
“Ya must be pretty hungry.” Jesse said from his chair, considering the mass of Hanzo on his bed. Hanzo looked up and gave a nod. “Thought so. Don’t think I’ve seen ya eat all day… my fault, probably. I’ll get ya somethin’, just sit tight.”
That was fine by Hanzo. He could have a moment to himself. Of course, that had been his initial thought, but the closer Jesse got to the door, the more helpless he felt. As much as he’d hate to admit it, this new form scared him with too many unknowns and he did not want to be alone. With a chirp, Hanzo ungracefully dismounted from the bed, landing in an undignified heap on the floor, trying to skitter up to Jesse.
Jesse bit back a chuckle watching Hanzo move, but figured he’d be in for it if he so much as snickered. “Ya wanna come with? It's fine if ya do, but it's gonna take us damn near a lifetime while ya get situated with yerself… I got a suggestion. Might not like it though.”
A bit of thrashing and more than a few scratches later, Jesse supported Hanzo with one arm like a child. The dragon’s body neatly folded against him, with his head draped over Jesse’s shoulder. Whenever Hanzo got himself back together, he was sure he’d hear about this at length, but for now, it was the quickest way to travel with him.
“Oh...my goodness  me !” Lena gasped and zipped over to Jesse, examining Hanzo with wonder. Her exclamation bringing the attention of others to the pair. “Beauuuutiful!”
Jesse chuckled nervously, feeling Hanzo bury his little face into the side of his neck to hide. [ Do not dare let them touch me. I am not some pet! ] but of course as soon as he chittered out a response, Lena cooed and was soon joined by Lucio and Hana.
“Oh, cool! I haven’t seen a dragon outside of the ninja and Mr. Sourpuss on the battlefield,” Hana tilted her head. “I didn’t know they could be so small. Kinda cute. Whose is it? Actually, why do  you  have it?”
“Uuh…” Jesse started, trying to grasp at an answer when both Lena and Hana reached out to pet the increasingly uncomfortable dragon. He stepped back, letting his flesh hand rub over the scales soothingly, “I wouldn’t do that if I were ya. He don’t take kindly to, uh, strangers.”
Lucio tried to find Hanzo’s face, raising the pitch of his voice in a bid to appear more friendly, “Hey there, little guy. Nobody here is gonna hurt you. He is really pretty. Must be Hanzo’s.”
[ Don’t you dare. ]
Jesse was getting nervous again. It had not been discussed, but he was more than positive Hanzo did not want anyone knowing he was currently being carried like a child, stuck in the body of a dragon. “Uh...somethin’ like that. Hanzo...uh...don’t rightly know where he came from. Just...sorta popped up. I’m, uh, keep’n an eye out for em. He doesn’t seem to know how to...uh...go back? To wherever it is them dragons come from.” he breathed a little easier seeing how the others just seemed to accept the explanation without question. They’d all just sort of accepted that dragons were a thing after having met the Shimadas. Reinhardt’s obsession with Hasselhoff was stranger than a little dragon on the Watchpoint.
“If’n ya don’t mind...little fella here is a might bit hungry and I don’t wanna keep em wait’n much longer.”
Hanzo was placed down on the countertop while Jesse went about looking for something suitably easy for him to eat. He was sure this was a healthcode violation and then inwardly swore at himself for thinking of himself as an animal. This was a (hopefully) temporary ailment. Jesse was scratching the back of his head in thought, Lucio came to the rescue, assisting him in finding things in the fridge along with some freshly cooked that would probably be safe for a dragon to eat. It was all piled onto a tray and Hanzo observed rather expectant eyes. Lena looking as if she was bursting to see the ‘cute little thing’ have its supper. Hana was no different and only Lucio reigned in his desire to see more of him.
By some form of miracle, Jesse must have picked up on how tense his body became. “Sorry to disappoint,” he scooped up Hanzo who this time settled into him much easier, “but he don’t like eating ‘round people neither. I’ll just take this’n…” he trailed off, lifting the tray with his spare hand and heading back to his quarters.
Jesse had to get inventive to open his door while holding both a dragon and a tray of food, but they safely returned and after a moment’s hesitation, he placed the tray on the small desk against the wall. “I don’t even wanna think ‘bout what you would do to me if I for a  second  put this on the ground.”
[ I am glad to see you have some sense in that head of yours. ]
“I’m just gonna go ahead and say ya called me brilliant. Think ya can manage climbing up the chair to eat? Gotta learn how to move on yer own. Dunno how long yer gonna be stuck like this.”
It was a fair point. Hanzo simply gave him a look and Jesse swore he wouldn’t laugh. Slowly, yet surely, Hanzo cautiously made his way over, learning the new way his body carried its weight and unabashedly ate quickly.
Jesse laughed. Hanzo glared.
“What? I said I wouldn’t laugh ‘bout you walk’n! I ain’t say nothin ‘bout you eat’n like ya done been starved for a week.”
Hanzo snorted. He would have blushed were it not for the scales.
“Ya know, yer way more expressive than you were before. Betcha ya don’t know how to control yer face. Kinda cute, actually.”
[ I am not   cute  .] he squeaked, cross.
“Yes, ya are. No, I don’t understand a single squeak or squawk, but I can sure guess. Yer a damn fine look’n man, make perfect sense ya make such a cute- ya gotta somethin’ here.” Jesse tapped at his cheek to indicate.
Hanzo’s muzzle was coated with bits of fish. He resisted the urge to lick at his chops, instead, craning his long neck to reach with his claws, failing miserably to make a difference. Jesse laughed at him again.
“Ya sure are one stubborn fella. C’mere, I’ll help ya.” he gently brushed off the bits with a smile, naturally moving to give Hanzo a scrub under his chin. Hanzo closed his eyes and purred. “Well, I’ll be…”
Hanzo’s eyes flew open and he stiffened, [ Not a word, Cowboy. Not a single word. ]
“Won’t tell nobody if ya don’t.” he winked. “Hope ya feel better with yer stomach full. I’ll remember it keep ya fed, promise. I’ll clean up, you get yerself settled in, alright? Ya know news travels fast ‘round here. There’s bound to be excitement ‘bout ya in the mornin.”
Hanzo climbed up to the foot of the bed and curled up, hoping that by morning, he’d be himself again.



Flow
Chapter Notes
Posted on mobile, so I hope its fine. This is unbetaed and is more a transition for the next chapter. Next one will be mostly through Hanzo’s POV.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




When he woke, Jesse noticed a few things. Firstly, he felt vibration. Hanzo was purring. Secondly, the dragon was not at the foot of the bed where he had been at the start of the night. He was now most certainly lying lengthwise atop Jesse, ticking his nose with the tuft of his mane. And lastly, that he wanted nothing more than to pet him. Which he did.
Hanzo woke shortly after. Slowly at first, feeling a gentle pressure run down his body. Then suddenly, all at once. Startling and cutting Jesse as he wriggled to get himself off of him.
“Ow- fuck! That smarts. Watch those claws, darlin!” Jesse was now wide awake thanks to the sharp, stinging pain in his chest. “S’not like I put ya there. Just- aw hell, I’m bleed’n.”
Hanzo watched him leave to go clean himself up in the bathroom. He sat right outside the door and Jesse nearly stepped on him when he came out.
[Forgive me. I may have...overreacted.] Hanzo bumped his head against Jesse’s leg, looking more apologetic than the cowboy had ever seen when he was human.
He dropped to one knee and stroked Hanzo’s head, surprised that the dragon leaned into it. “S’fine. I know ya didn’t cut me up on purpose… Maybe we ought ta see if Angela has somethin’ ta file those down a smidge?”
It wasn't the worst idea. It was safer for both of them that way. Hanzo gave a single nod.
“Good. Now just give me a couple of minutes ta get ready. How bout we get some breakfast first, then see Angie?”

 
Hanzo still eat his meals in the privacy of Jesse’s room. He didn't like how noisy or how sloppily he ate and wanted no one to see it. It was bad enough the cowboy had to take care of him, but at least there seemed to be an understanding there.
No sooner than Hanzo finished his did a knock come at the door. The dragon looked expectantly at Jesse who could only offer a shrug. As soon as the door opened, Hanzo curled himself into a defensive ball.
Genji bowed his head slightly,  “Pardon my intrusion. But when I heard you possessed a dragon, I was more than curious.”
He knew news would get around, but he hadn’t expected they'd come to him. Jesse instinctively made himself take up as much of the doorframe as possible, blocking the view of Hanzo. “I wouldn't say he's mine… I'm just....”
“Of course he isn't. Only the Shimada can call upon dragons. May I see him?”
He heard a soft squeak behind him, [Is he alone?]
Jesse couldn’t be sure what it meant, but he couldn’t deny Genji access forever. He was Hanzo’s brother. Maybe he could give insight. Jesse pressed his lips into a line and stepped aside, allowing the cyborg in.
“Has he been like this the whole time?” Genji brushed his hand over Hanzo, earning him a sound of protest.
“Now don't be like that, H- uh...you. Don't know his name. Uh, Hanzo never said.”
“Hmm. Well, he is quite beautiful. Leave it to Hanzo to gain yet another dragon. Even father only had two. Ever the impressive son.” Genji shook his head, a chuckle of unspoken fondness. “Still, it is strange that he is not by Hanzo’s side.”
Jesse was fairly talented at lying quickly. He had to be when he was an outlaw and it came in handy as an agent. “Said the lil guy was give’n him trouble. Wouldn't, ya know… ‘go back’. Can't have a loose dragon on a mission.”
Genji nodded sagely, “If he is as stubborn as my brother, this was a good decision. It is impressive, however, that not only the dragon, but Hanzo trusts you with its well being. You should feel honored.”
[Genji, please be quiet.] Hanzo huffed.
“Just look’n out fer a friend. Ain't do’n much.”
The cyborg chuckled again, “Your humbleness is adorable. You do more than you give yourself credit for, my friend. Thank you for letting me see him.”
Hanzo uncoiled himself when Genji departed, heaving a sigh of relief.
“So...you trust me, huh?”
[McCree, if you say one idiotic thing, I-]
“Means a whole lot ta me. If ya do. Just...ya know, happy ta know the guy watch’n my back out there trusts me enough to let me watch his here. I've got yer back, darlin.”
Hanzo's eyes closed, [You are a good man, Jesse. I am honored to have you in my life.]
 

 
“Have you noticed any changes? Two for ‘yes’, one for ‘no’.” Angela began hooking various nodes to Hanzo’s long body.
Hanzo tapped his now dulled claws against a metal tray once. That had been a lie. A white one at least. He'd noticed a lack of control and a desire to stick close to Jesse’s heat. Not that he would ever say so even if he  could speak.
“Jesse, have you noticed anything?”
“A bit.” he rubbed his chin, “He takes ta human food just fine. Haven't seen any problems there. Acts a bit different, not by a whole lot, mind you. Probably just stress er somethin. But he's a tad touchy.”
[I am  no such thing. I merely do not wish to be seen.]
“See what I mean? Betcha he got snippy. Hard to tell when all he can do is squeak. But if he ain't cute as a button when he does it.”
[ McCree! ]
Angela poorly suppressed a giggle, “That he is. Now open up, I need to take your temperature.”
Hanzo’s puffed up, holding his head up in refusal. He hated these prodding tests and embarrassment aside, he felt fine despite being an enormous lizard.
“Mr. Shimada. I need to compare it to yesterday. Now, you can either open your mouth or I'll have Jesse hold you down and we will take your temperature from the rectum.”
Hanzo went rigid and immediately opened his mouth. He heard Jesse bark with laughter and Angela smiled, looking pleased.
“Good choice.”

 
Within the next few days they fell into something of a pattern. Jesse would wake with Hanzo on or wrapped around some part of his body. Meals were always taken in Jesse’s room. Hanzo practiced moving around by going on long walks with Jesse. Winston and Angela still remained stumped.
Jesse got the itch to visit the practice range, going several rounds making sure his aim stayed sharp. He let the spent casings fall from the revolver before loading it up again.
For a moment, he'd wondered why Hanzo hadn’t made a quip about his flair for trick shots or made a wager on aim. A soft, long whine reminded him why. Hanzo could not speak.
The cowboy turned to him and could not help but frown. Hanzo lay on the floor, pressed flat and looking absolutely defeated.
“Aw, shucks. Sorry, Han, wasn't think’n. It must be kill’n ya not be’n able ta shoot.”
[I cannot practice. I cannot run. Reading is a chore. This has long since overstayed it's welcome.]
Jesse thought for a moment and snapped his fingers. “Yer look’n ta kill some time, burn some energy?”
Hanzo lifted his head, clearly interested in having something to do.
“Think I might have somethin’ for ya. Follow me.”
It was not until Jesse took a turn and went through a door he'd never used that he began to question where they were going. This area of the watchpoint looked seldom used with most things off or in low power mode.
“Back in the day, when there were more of us, used ta be all sorts would use this wing. Now, I think only Ana and Angela come out this way.” Jesse tapped the last door opened and Hanzo could smell chlorine.
[A...pool?] The dragon looked at Jesse.
“We're gonna give you a workout.”
Jesse stripped down to a pair of thankful dark boxer-briefs. He'd not had a reason to have swimming trunks in years. He dipped into the heated water and reached out his arms, beckoning.
Hanzo eyed the pool at its edge warily. He could swim, but could he swim  now ? With a deep breath, he slipped in to find out.
He sank.
Quick on his feet, Jesse ducked under and hauled the wriggling dragon to the surface. Holding him by his little hands. “Shhh, shhh. S’alright. I gotcha, darlin. We just have ta getcha move’n.”
[Don’t you dare let go!] Hanzo squeaked in distress.
“Not go’n nowhere.” still holding the dragon’s hands, he paced backwards, letting Hanzo’s long body trail through the water. “Try ta move. Yeah, jus like that. Keep it up. Yer a natural.”
Jesse’s voice was calm and soothing. He wore a gentle smile while Hanzo figured out how to keep himself afloat. His head was held high as soon as he found his rhythm. Jesse turned it into a competition as soon as he was sure Hanzo was fine on his own. That had been his mistake. The dragon’s body was better built for it, literally and figuratively swimming laps around Jesse.
About an hour later, they were both tapped out. Hanzo panted, catching his breath on the concrete surrounding the pool. Jesse could swear there was a smile on that little face.
[Thank you, Jesse. ]
“I'm  beat .”
“Agent McCree,” Athena’s voice echoed, “You have been requested to the debriefing room at your earliest convenience.”
“Debr-...yeah, I hear ya.”



Chapter End Notes
I think we have about two more to go, guys. Thank you again for all the kudos, you beautiful people.


Warm Welcome
Chapter Summary
Jesse has a mission and Hanzo has to figure out what to do with himself.
Chapter Notes
Y'all thought I was dead! Nope! Just got a crazy ass job and then the worst case of writer's block I have ever had! Thank you to everyone who expressed wanting to see this finished. One more chapter to go!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Hanzo followed beside Jesse out of habit to his debriefing. He sat in a coil atop a table, only just paying enough attention to hear key information. Something about a mission, run of the mill. Nothing that really alarmed him. However, shortly after they began sussing out the details it became apparent to Hanzo that Jesse was being sent off on a mission. In another country. For at least a week.
“Now, what ‘bout Hanzo?” he heard Jesse ask. Everyone in the room was privy to the information, and he wanted to know himself what the plan was.
“Well, it should be fairly obvious that he has to stay behind.” Angela provided matter-of-factly.
[Who is to watch this buffoon’s back when he inevitability gets himself into trouble?] Hanzo chirped.
Jesse had been rubbing the back of his neck. He seemed reluctant to go. “...I dunno. I mean, ‘course I'll do it, but, just don't seem right leave’n him on his own.”
[I have mastered walking. Thanks in part, to you. I will be fine. It is yourself you need to worry over.]
Winston spoke up next, adjusting his glasses. “He will not be on his own. We will have our expert on dragons-”
[No you will not!] Hanzo angrily flicked his tail hissing.
“Genji.” Winston finished. “Uh, Genji will be watching him.”
Hanzo loved his brother, but being forced into his company and care for a week was not something he wanted. He bristled with annoyance.
Jesse looked at him and back to the others, “I don’t think he much likes that idea.”
“We have little choice, Jesse. He cannot assist you, he'd be a liability, and that would mean a week or more away from testing.” Angela placed a hand on his shoulder.
[Yes, the testing that has done so much.] He sank, feeling defeated.

 
There had been a circular argument, although one of the participants could not be understood. Hanzo appreciated that Jesse fought the good fight, but in the end, they still had to part. Whether he liked it or not, Jesse would be leaving and it was happening all rather quickly.
Hanzo fussed, wriggling free from his captors and trotting up to the air carrier.
He saw Jesse beam. “See’n me off? Mighty sweet of ya.”
Genji was not far behind, looking at the dragon the way one would a cute, but poorly trained puppy. “He is a slippery one.”
[Be sure to maintain awareness if you have to draw your weapon. I will not be there to watch out for you. Try to exhaust every means you have before engaging. You do not need to return to us full of holes.] Hanzo squeaked and chittered on end.
Jesse dropped to one knee, Hanzo seeing fit to prop himself up on the other while Jesse stroked his mane and Hanzo continued to ‘talk’. The cowboy chuckled. “I know, I know. Yer tell’n me ta be careful, ain'tcha? My middle name is ‘careful’.”
Hanzo tried not to look at him as if he'd just been told a blatant lie. [Jesse, your middle name is James, and were it anything else, it would be ‘trouble’.]
“Come on, Jesse must head out.” Genji hoisted Hanzo up to be met with scratches. He was thankful for his cybernetics and his outer suit, holding the wriggling dragon away from his face.
“Now, the lil man is keen on fish ‘n rice. Not too hot or he can't eat it. He drinks water and don't tell nobody, but if ya sneak him some sake, he'll be all purrs.” Jesse leaped into a protective mode, explaining everything he could down to sleeping habits. “He likes ya to brush his teeth. Oh, and take him swimming. Needs his exercise. And if-”
“Jesse, you are keeping Ms. Oxton.”
She called out on cue, “Hey! Get a move on already!”
“Right. Right.” his eyes dropped to Hanzo. “Stay safe.”
[I would say the same to you. Come home in one piece.]

 
The first day was relatively fine. Even if Hanzo gave Genji a hard time. The second day, felt like chaos. Genji was good at following his own schedule nowadays, but he was awful at following Hanzo’s. Jesse had made one with him and stuck to it. By the third day, it was becoming readily apparent he missed Jesse. A week in and Hanzo was unlike himself.
Hanzo had once again found himself in a soured mood. He couldn’t get into his own room for comfort, nor was his friend around to keep him company. There was only so long he could sit and listen to Genji banter with his master. It was worse when they didn’t speak and he was left alone with his thoughts.
“I sense a turmoil within you.” Zenyatta’s serene voice filtered through the silence of meditation.
“I am at peace, Master.” Genji's head tilted.
The Omnic chuckled, “I did not mean you, Sparrow. I was referring to our friend.”
Genji looked to Hanzo who was laying out flat until he was called to attention. “You can sense so much, Master. I did not know a dragon could have an inner struggle. Are you able to assist him, Master?”
[I want no part of your meditations or platitudes.] Hanzo huffed, turning his head away from them.
Zenyatta hummed in thought, “I sense much, but I have, unfortunately, never learned to speak Dragon. I am afraid I am unable to help our little friend. But, I wish him peace and happiness.”
Hanzo deflated further. A wish wasn't going to do anything for him. It wasn't going to bring Jesse home. But laying still also did nothing but give him time to stew in his thoughts. He awaited the two to return to their meditation before he slipped away unnoticed.

 
There was misfortune everywhere he went. All over the watchpoint were little reminders of the cowboy. Lena at the table stating that Jesse was missing out on chili dogs. Jack took root in the target range, Lucio offered to take him swimming, Hana was trying to see what ‘the big deal’ was about the westerns Jesse spoke of on end. Even seeing Angela was a reminder that he’d always had Jesse there for comfort during those invasive exams. Around each and every corner there was a reminder that he'd grown attached. That he was in deep. The more he tried to bury it, run from it, the more it felt like he was being confronted by it all.
When Hanzo stopped, he found himself right outside of Jesse’s door. Faintly, he could smell familiarity. Something he had grown accustomed to after spending so long there recently. He felt a yearning, a pang in his heart. He squeaked at the door to open for him, but it didn’t budge. He jumped at the keypad, trying to reach it, though shortly after he realized it was pointless. Jesse never told him what his passcode was. Why would he?
Hanzo grew increasingly frustrated that the slab of metal refused to slide aside and let him in. He barked and yipped, clawing and pawing at the door rapidly as if his tiny little claws would decimate the cold steel for him.
“There you are!” Genji trot over to the dragon, attempting to pick him up. He was met with a nasty hiss before the little creature went back to frantically trying to will the door open. Genji glanced up to the nameplate ‘McCree, J’ and softened. “...You miss him. I am sorry, I cannot open the door-”
“I am detecting high levels of stress increasing at an alarming rate.” Athena’s voice sounded off from the keypad.
“It’s this little one. He is trying to get into McCree’s room, but-”
“Medical access: Granted.”
The door chimed and opened, much to Genji’s surprise. He watched Hanzo with wonder as his dragon body scurried in. He made a bit of a mess getting to it, but Hanzo’s little paws clawed open the closet and he pulled several things down getting his teeth into a spare serape that he dragged to the bed. He coiled himself inside of it, breathing in the comforting scent of cigarillos and cologne. At least this way, in some form, Jesse was here and assuring him this wasn't forever.
Genji padded over just loud enough to be heard and sat down next him, Hanzo couldn't tell if he was being watched behind the visor or not, but he hadn't cared at the moment.
“It is very unusual for Athena to grant access to an agent's room without their express permission." When Genji was met with silence he continued. “It is likely an impossibility for Master to sense discord in something or someone not self aware.”
Hanzo buried himself further in the cloth, sighing through his little nose.
“...It is also unlike Hanzo to be away on a mission for so long without it being completed. He takes pride in his abilities. In his efficiency. ‘Never second best’. Odd for him to be gone for over a week. For a spirit to stray so far from a Shimada. To stay in solid form for such a long time. Odd. All so strange. I doubt Hanzo would stand for it. For him to act like a spoiled brat, perhaps, is rare but not impossible. I never thought I would see him act so childish. But what puzzles me most is how you became a dragon...Brother.”
Hanzo twitched, lifting his head slowly. He knew Genji would not have missed his body language even if it was in a different form. [...How long have you known?]
“That was a shot in the dark. It really is you, isn't it? Leave it to you to actually become a dragon. If you truly are my brother then you'll-”
Hanzo whipped his body around and smacked Genji with the flat of his tail just before scratching at the release button on the cyborg's visor he couldn't quite get to.
Genji apologized on behalf of all the Overwatch agents who had been treating him like a pet, understanding his brother’s bruised pride.

 
The day Lena left bright and early, Hanzo became restless again. There were other capable people who could pilot a carrier, but the fact that Lena was sent meant one thing: Jesse was coming home.
It could have melted hearts the way he waited for him like an expectant puppy. His head lifted every time he heard someone enter a room, he glanced out of every window he passed. Before midday struck on the clock, Hanzo could be found sitting on the landing pad, watching the sky.
The dragon did not slumber, he only watched. Genji was at his back, leaning against the wall pretending not to notice the way his brother waited, just as Hanzo pretended not to notice that he was being observed. Or more accurately, he couldn’t be bothered to care. Especially when the low roar of an approaching aircraft could be heard.
His claws scraped against the concrete when the jets began to whine overhead, the down thrust threatening to send his little body flying. The rotors slowed to stop, the hatch opening after the ramp was brought flush against it. And then, relative silence.
The first to exit was Lena, or at least, that is what Hanzo assumed as all he saw was a flash of blue light accompanied by a disembodied “Hiya!”. Were he not listening out for them, he might have missed the sound of the spurs jingling just before Jesse’s boot touched down on the ramp. Even from the distance the dragon was at, he could see the soft smile on the cowboy’s face.
“Well, howdy there, Dewdrop.” His drawl. His voice. It was a glass of aged bourbon, savored by a crackling fire. It was warm, it was soothing, it was home. He was home.
It was like lightning the way Hanzo bolted towards Jesse, nearly toppling him as they collided. Immediately Hanzo went about searching, scrambling about what he could reach of the cowboy and inspecting every inch available. Jesse didn’t need to be able to understand dragon to know what Hanzo was on about. Or he certainly liked to think he had the right idea.
“Ya wanna buy me dinner first, ‘fer ya start nose’n ‘round my unmentionables?” his hand went to support Hanzo’s weight as the dragon less than gracefully clawed his way up to his face. “See? I’m just as handsome as ever.”
Hanzo seemed to be satisfied with his impromptu medical examination, exhaling once through his nose before burying his head in the crook of Jesse’s neck.
The onlooking cyborg suddenly felt like he was witnessing something he shouldn’t. Perhaps he was. After all, Jesse was still under the impression that no one knew it was Genji’s older brother he was cooing at and petting.
"Welcome back, Jesse. You've been missed!" a hint of mirth in his tone.

 
Hanzo hadn't left Jesse's side for the remainder of the day. Not for his actual medical examination, not for his shower, well yes for his shower, but the dragon lurked just outside the door. He followed beside him, getting every little detail of the mission he'd been on. No one thought twice about him having a full-on conversation with the four-legged creature. Jesse was the type to read a bedtime story to his dog back in Santa Fe and have an argument with the disagreeable stray cat that occasionally showed up on base. A dramatic retelling to a dragon was the next logical step as far as his teammates were concerned.
They fell back into place like Jesse had never left. Jesse climbing into bed at the end of the evening and waiting for Hanzo to, by now, expertly make his way into bed. Although, now instead of waking to have the dragon sleeping on his chest, Hanzo rested over him immediately.
It was welcomed, Jesse running his hand over the smooth scales until the dragon appeared to have fallen asleep.
"That's it, get yer sleep 'n stop fuss'n over me." The vibration of his voice sent a pleasant rumble through his companion. Jesse sighed, still softly petting Hanzo as he stared up at the ceiling.
"I miss you, Hanzo." He paused, thoughts running through his head. "I miss talk'n to ya. I know yer right here and all, but it ain't the same. Y'ain't talk'n back. Yer not really much you. I mean, yer you, but-"
He grew frustrated trying to make sense of what he wanted to get out while he had no audience.
"I would love ta have this. Ya know? All this time we've been spend'n together, share'n space, long talks. Call me a hopeless romantic, but I'd like it if it weren't all so one sided." He chuckled at himself, his hand now stilled on the dragon.
It was a few minutes more before Jesse spoke again, shifting slightly for comfort.
"Not being able ta hear ya, see ya at yer best… I'm mighty lonesome. Ya mean an awful lot to me, darl'n and I wish I could ask ya if this ol cowboy meant anything." His voice began to trail off, "Remind me to ask ya proper if'n ya get back ta yerself…"
Shortly thereafter, Jesse began to breathe soft and steady. Hanzo raised his head, looking down at the man who'd just spilled his heart. Perhaps he should have indicated that he was awake.
But had that happened, he doubted he would have gotten to hear what he'd just heard.
Something in him clicked.
Hanzo rested against the cowboy with a little chirp.
His tail moved.
Thump.
Thump.
 



Chapter End Notes
Pretty sure I will have the final chapter out waaaaaaay faster than it took me to get this one out. Thank you for reading! As always, thank you for comments and kudos, you guys are the bomb.


Granted
Chapter Summary
Final Chapter. Hanzo and Jesse dance around the subject.
Chapter Notes
Sorry for taking so long! At least it wasn't a year apart this time!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Santa Fe.


Seated upon a hill overlooking ten acres of land the family ranch sat on, Jesse took in the sights. How long had it been since he’d been home? The first time he’d disappeared, he’d joined a gang and got himself arrested. His ma wasn’t too pleased about that, but she did approve of him getting, as she put it, ‘his shit together' when he joined an organization. He never did tell her that he was black ops. When he appeared again, he was missing an arm. She didn’t like that either. That was a mess of ‘my baby ‘s kill’n himself!’ and tears.


The next time he would pay her a visit, what would happen?


Would he upset her with some grievous injury to his person?


Or maybe he’d put a smile on her face bringing by someone new for the holidays…


Even from here, he could make out the shapes of the animals. Horses running free. The dogs not too far behind. The sky shifted. Bright and blue, the sun threatening to blind all who looked upwards. A breeze kicked up dust from the red earth.


Jesse coughed. It was hard to breathe. It felt like it was filling his lungs. Asthma? He’d been a little tot the last time something like that affected him.


No, this wasn’t asthma. The pressure he felt in his chest wasn’t centralized, he felt it all over. No need to panic.


Breathe.


As Jesse inhaled deeply, his eyes opened.


A dream. It had been a dream. It was dark in his room; he couldn’t really see just yet. He reached for his phone to check the time, but didn’t budge. It dawned on him that that pressure never really left when he woke. Hanzo’s mane was tickling his neck. He was stuck in place for now.


He sighed, resigning himself to just going back to sleep. He 

was 

pretty jetlagged from the trip. Maybe that was why it took him so long to realize a few things. As his eyes adjusted, things made more sense. That mane wasn’t a mane, it was hair. Hanzo’s hair. The weight pressed against him was that of a muscular man and not a little dragon.


Jesse was figuratively and literally breathless. For a few moments, he dared not to breathe. That was Hanzo. His Hanzo. He was back to himself by some form of miracle and he wasn’t going to chance losing this moment by waking him up. They were going to stay like this for as long as they could. It felt wrong to run his hand over Hanzo now. Certain things were probably no longer acceptable. This would have to do.


Hanzo lay on top of him, over a sheet. He couldn’t see everything, but he could see enough to know that clothing didn’t magically appear on him. Ever the gentleman, Jesse flicked the edge of the sheet over the sleeping Shimada and let his hand rest over him.


Yes, this was nice. Jesse was going to commit this to memory. Having the apple of his eye in his arms. Well…arm. Resting peacefully. He’d fight sleep for as long as he could just to have that moment that much longer.


 

Hanzo had slept terribly every night until Jesse returned. This was the soundest sleep he’d had in all those days without the cowboy. He woke, as usual, atop Jesse.


He pushed himself up and nearly buckled in surprise. Those were his hands! Not little clawed paws, but his actual, human hands. 


"Jesse!" He called in unrestrained excitement before he thought better of it. Jesse's body twitched, the sleep still gripping him as he tried to roll over and mumble about needing  'a few more hours’. Jesse refused to budge, back to sleep in what appeared to be seconds. 


Again, Hanzo found himself looking down upon Jesse's slumbering face. A sight he could get used to. Perhaps it was best that he hadn't woken up just yet. It gave Hanzo an extraordinarily long moment to completely overthink what the cowboy had said last night. It could be purely platonic. There were plenty who shared affection for each other so intensely it mirrored something intimate but was, in fact, an unbreakable bond of friendship. 


He'd been perfectly content to lay and think over the many possibilities of what it all meant, but that had been before he became consciously aware that he had a particular lack of clothes on his person. Comfortable as he was in his own skin, he didn't think it would be quite appropriate for him to remain so in another man's bed.


Hanzo slipped away, not that he needed to exercise too much caution as Jesse seemed to be as awake as a brick. there was, however, the issue of borrowing from the cowboy's closet. Their frames were different, but Hanzo couldn't begin to imagine how he'd explain being in Jesse's clothes if he was spotted. 


Fortunately for him, he was a master of stealth and had gotten a fair amount of the other agents routines memorized enough to avoid them.


 

“Now, just follow the light. Don’t move your head, just follow with your eyes.” Angela moved a small pen light from side to side, up and down, to and fro, before jotting down results. “Now I am going to hold up a finger just outside your field of view, tell me when you can see it.”


Hanzo restrained his urge to sigh. “I do not feel this is necessary, Dr. 
Ziegler. I am- I see it. I am well. I find difficulty only- I see it. Only in the fact I have two legs once more. All else is as it should be.”


Angela gave him such a 

Look

, Hanzo immediately began to imagine all the ways a battle medic could forcefully examine a patient and conceded shortly thereafter. Her expression fell back into a pleasant one with all too practiced ease. “I am glad you could see it my way, Mr. Shimada. Now, If you would remain seated, I need to test your 
ophthalmic, maxillary, mandibular senses.”


“Hanzo! Ya in there?”


The sound of Jesse just outside the medical bay’s door was more than welcome. Before he answered in the affirmative, the cowboy burst in regardless.


“It is good to see you-” Hanzo stopped short of calling his name out of fear it might reveal too much to all present. Himself included. 


"I hear ya, Pumpkin. Been so long since I saw that purdy face of yers, I was start'n to ferget whatcha looked like. " he chuckled, hands on his hips. "Well, since yer back, whaddya say to a good ol fashioned trip down to the shoot'n range? Gotta make sure ya still know how to hold that fancy bow of yers."


Hanzo looked to Angela who, unlike Hanzo,  felt no need to repress a sigh. She knew the two were close, it was why they'd been assigned to each other. She'd likely have no peace while Jesse was present.  Her pen tapped against her clipboard as her gaze turned to the cowboy. 


"Fine. But only because it looks as if you're about to start pleading and I'd rather not." Angela turned to Hanzo once again, pointing at him with her pen. "

You

. You will report back to me afterwards. I've not finished."


"I'll have em back before midnight, Ma'am." Jesse grinned, narrowly dodging the pen thrown at his head. "Thanks, Angie!"


 

There was a surprising amount of silence between the two as they pelted their targets. Though not uncomfortable, it was a far cry from their usual banter. No playful jabs at skill, no bets, no 'accidental' sabotage.


"Did your mission go so poorly that you will not speak of it?" An arrow slipped free from his fingers, landing directly between the practice dummy's eyes. 


"Now hang on now, what makes ya think it went poorly?"


Hanzo let loose yet another arrow, dealing what would assuredly be a killshot on a living being. "Perhaps it is that you favor your left side. Or that your aim is off. You've yet to hit center."


The cowboy chuckled as he holstered his revolver, "Maybe I am a bit sore here and there. Nothin ta fuss over. Took a tumble is all." Jesse didn't have to actually hear Hanzo to know he was asking 

how 

he'd gotten injured. "Might've been think'n 'bout what lil ol dragons get up to on their own."


"Jesse…"


"If that don't sound the sweetest come'n from ya."


"Jesse."


"Yeah, Han?"


Hanzo exhaled slowly, steeling himself. And yet, contradictory to his expression, he 0pted not to say whatever it was that was on his mind. Shaking his head, he merely said, "I wonder…"


It was clear that Jesse had caught him bailing out of whatever it was, but he didn't press it. There'd be no prying it out, Hanzo would say what he wanted, when he wanted. 


Heavy, booted footfalls came up behind them. A gravelly voice called, "Quit hogging the range." It was all they were given. 


"Ya know, I liked ya more before ya went all vigilante, Jac-..." Jesse cleared his throat finding himself at the end of a glare. "Morrison. Let's get a move on, Han."


 

Hanzo finished his physical with Angela without Jesse, mostly due to the doctor physically pushing the cowboy right out the door herself and then dragging him back in for his own check up after she’d finished. They’d parted after, each having their own tasks to see to: Jessie with his overdue report. Hanzo needing to speak with his brother before inevitably confronted.


The next time the two were able to be in each other’s company was at the canteen. Reinhardt had taken to making a welcome-home dinner, going a bit overboard with the portions as was his norm. Jesse tripped over the pronunciation of each dish before giving up and asking for 'whatever's good' to which the large, German man responded by piling absolutely everything on the cowboy's tray. 


"Shoulda known better." Jesse shook his head, taking a seat across from Hanzo. The former dragon, however, did not seem so inclined to speak, so Jesse did the speaking for him. Filling him in on his mission since he’d not gotten the chance to do so. Still, Hanzo said nothing, only offering polite sounds of affirmation. “So then I take 'the tumble', right? Sniper's feel'n real confident I'm bet'n. I've got 'bout, oh, ten paces of wide open space til I reach cover and- I get the feel'n I'm put'n ya to sleep."


"Not at all. I was hoping perhaps we could dine alone. " Hanzo lifted his tray, beginning his trek to privacy. Not that he needed to wait, Jesse was in tow not a second later.


The door to Jesse's room slid open, allowing the two to settle in; Hanzo at the desk, Jesse at the edge of the bed. 


He studied Hanzo covertly while stuffing his face full of the far too heavy meal. He looked at peace, only the most minuscule facial tics told him that under that stoic facade, Hanzo was deep in thought. 


"I'd say all that think'n is gonna make ya go grey, but…" Jesse placed his plate aside when Hanzo shot him a look, hands reaching up as if he'd been held at gunpoint. "Hey, now. I'm just goof'n 'round."


Hanzo silently and excruciatingly slowly, placed his utensils down and sat even straighter. "I am uncertain how to do this."


"Never saw you 'proch nothin like ya didn't know it backwards and forwards."


"I took you to be a far braver man. But it seems under all your showmanship, you are afraid. Just as I am. "


Jesse's full attention had been seized by the man at his desk. While he said nothing, his eyes told Hanzo he wasn't following and desired him to clarify. 


"You thought I was asleep."


"When do ya- aw, 

hell. 

Hanzo, look, I didn't-"


"I hope you do not mean to say you do not mean what you said." He interrupted, "I cannot answer a question unasked." While he spoke with confidence, the tension in his shoulders told a different story.


Jesse's heart dropped to his gut and then soared right out of his chest so fast he'd get whiplash. He stood up and crossed to Hanzo. His eyes stayed on him as he removed his hat, placing it over his racing heart. "Hanzo Shimada. I take pride in get'n to see sides of ya no one else gets to. Sometimes I'm still right stumped that I can call ya a friend. A damn close one, too. I did mean what I said, just, when I  look at ya, I get nervous. I ain't ugly or nothin, but yer way outta my league." Jesse cleared his throat and got back on track. "If it's alright with ya, I'd like to take ya out. With uh, then intent of go'n steady."


The elder Shimada held his breath through the entire speech, breathing again only when he was to reply. "I accept." A smiled formed on his lips.


"Fer real?" Jesse returned the smile, albeit with a more stupefied expression. 


"Yes, Jesse. For real."


"Can a fella push his luck and give ya a kiss?"


A flush of color rose to Hanzo's face. Jesse couldn't remember a time he'd ever seen him outwardly embarrassed. Quietly, he replied, "Yes."


Jesse obliged. 



 


Hanzo spent most of the night with Jesse, recreating their sleeping arrangements but allowing them both the opportunity for open communication. He'd missed being able to talk to the cowboy,  just as Jesse had missed him. Right before Jesse was about to fall asleep, Hanzo slipped out of bed. 


"Where ya go'n sweetheart?" He mumbled, reaching out to gently hold Hanzo's fingers. 


"I will return. There is something I must do."


"Hurry back. Got a lot to make up fer."


Hanzo smiled softly, leaving the cowboy behind for the moment. It was silent in the halls as he made his way back to his room. It wasn't completely returned to its immaculate state, he hadn't the time to straighten everything. But he had a better understanding now. Of what happened.  How it happened. And how his heart had opened. 


He pulled out his ink and brush, lifting the one eyed daruma from the floor and filled in the missing eye. 


His wish had been granted after all.


He observed the completed doll and placed it on his shelf.


"Thank you."






Chapter End Notes
That's it! Thank you for sticking around til the end ♡



Afterword


End Notes
Now that the introduction of this is over, we can dive into dragon Hanzo.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



