



Yeah thats life - dboys - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Yeah, that's life
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10219946.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
I was inspired by Hoseok's pictures for Yoongi's birthday, angst but not really, Denial of Feelings, Pining
Stats:

        Published: 2017-03-11
        Words: 7719
      

Yeah, that's life
by dboys
Summary
Yoongi spends 2011 wondering when he's going to debut, he's worked hard and has already been a trainee for quite some time, well, maybe not that long, but when you’re waiting for your big break to happen, it feels like forever.
Notes
** Context behind the photos if you missed Hoseok's birthday tweetsI DID SO MUCH RESEARCH FOR THIS GOD DAMN FIC AND I'M PRETTY SURE PARTS OF IT ARE STILL INACCURATE. Just pretend it's notThis is supposed to be Yoongi's birthday fic but I'm pretty late rip when will I ever be on timeAlso, I wrote a good portion of this on my phone so I'm sorry for any weird mistakesTitle comes from Life on Namjoon's mixtape :)

          See the end of the work for more notes




Yeah, that's life

i.

Yoongi spends 2011 wondering when he's going to debut, he's worked hard and has already been a trainee for quite some time, well, maybe not that long, but when you’re waiting for your big break to happen, it feels like forever.Trainee life is difficult but the people around him make it bearable. He’s never exactly been a people person, but these other people, the ones he's about to spend almost 24 hours a day seven days a week with, are bound to become like even more than family to him.It’s kind of scary, honestly. He's always been so used to having to do everything alone, isolating himself, not exactly having any kind of support in his decision to go into the music business. But now he's surrounded by people who made the same choice as him.With the lineup constantly changing, Yoongi has learned to not grow too attached to people because they may be dropped at any point in time before and maybe even after debut. But it's hard not to grow attached to someone when you spend so much time together. Namjoon is the only one he's totally sure will stay in the official lineup, which he's thankful for because Namjoon is the one he's gotten closest to.It was last year in December when he went against his own unsaid rule when he found out that Hoseok was staying in the dorms alone.It’s not fun, he's been in that situation before and Hoseok is such an extroverted person that he's probably going through an even worse time than Yoongi. The decision to go back to Seoul early doesn't go through much planning because right after he gets off the phone(“Hoseok? It’s late, why are you calling?”
“Oh, I guess it is… am I bothering you?”
“No, what’s up? Are you okay?”
“Um… bored and… lonely, I guess.”
“Why’re you bored and lonely?”
“I’m in the dorm by myself.”
“Why are you in the dorms?”
“My family went on a trip without me, I didn’t feel like going to an empty house, I felt like it would be worse than an empty dorm.”
“Hoseok…”)he’s standing up and declaring that he’ll be heading back to Seoul early. He doesn't really know why he felt so inclined at that time to go spend time with Hoseok, but he did, and they spent the rest of their time together, entering the New Year together. He shows up at the door with chicken in hand.They’re passing the bottle of soju that Yoongi had stolen from his parent’s house before leaving because why not. What’s a better way to enter the New Year than being a little tipsy?The clock strikes midnight, officially January first, 2011, and they've had maybe a little more soju than they should have and Yoongi says,“I’ve never had a New Year's kiss.”To which Hoseok snorts, saying, “Me either, I thought that was an American thing.”Yoongi shrugs.“Are you trying to say you want a New Year’s kiss from me, Yoongi?”Yoongi shrugs again, glancing at Hoseok whose cheeks are tinted red.“Okay,” Hoseok says and Yoongi is about to ask what he means by that but Hoseok is leaning forward and placing a kiss of Yoongi’s lips that he almost misses because it's so quick but it happened and the feeling of Hoseok’s lips linger on his and… he's not sure how he feels about it. He doesn't feel bad or disgusted or anything, but something about it feels wrong. Maybe the fact that he was drunk while having his New Year’s kiss, maybe he wanted to experience it sober.They fall asleep leaning on each other and when they wake up, their heads hurt a bit and the declare that this was a one-time thing and they'll never talk about it again, forget it ever happened, done and over with.Yoongi doesn't feel awkward about it, it's something in the back of his mind but he knew going into it that nothing would sprout from that lousy kiss.They declared to never mention it to each other, and when Yoongi says it's only in the back of his mind, he means that he constantly thinks about it. But he doesn't mention it to Hoseok, so he's keeping his promise, kind of.It’s one of those things like you're just together so often that seeing each other naked wouldn't even be a shock. Because kissing your band mate and seeing someone naked because they're changing is basically the same thing, right?He continues thinking about how and when they're going to debut, Bangtan Sonyeondan will debut, and that's what he needs to focus on. He didn't work hard for nothing.As Yoongi focuses on debuting, he finds himself wandering to Hoseok for stress relief more and more. Just being in his presence is a stress relief on its own. Talking to him is an ultra-stress reliever. Snuggling up to him, well… he might as well be on vacation, then.They go on walks together, they get food together, but it's just because they live with each other. Yoongi doesn't like spending time with him that much. ii.

Yoongi spends 2012 wondering when he's going to debut, but he knows it's closer this time. The New Year did not consist of him kissing Hoseok or even spending it together, they were with their families and frankly Yoongi finds himself a bit disappointed, even though he has no reason to be. Hoseok got to spend the holidays with his family, why would he want to spend it with someone who he sees all the time?When they all get back to the dorm, all get back to practicing and school work, nothing is different. Except for the fact that Yoongi’s trying to work up the courage to say something to Hoseok, which is stupid because that’s not something he should have to work up courage for.“Yoongi?”Yoongi slams his fist on the table and looks towards the voice, it’s coming from Hoseok who is staring at him concerned.“Uh…”“Sorry, what did you say?”Hoseok licks his lips and Yoongi almost misses what he says again. “I asked how your break was.”Yoongi nods. “Fine, saw my family, kinda missed you—you guys, though.” He covers up smoothly.This has Hoseok laughing and he moves closer to Yoongi and wraps his arms around him. “I missed you too, okay?” He says so softly, breath against Yoongi’s ear and he shivers.This shouldn’t be happening.But it is.And Yoongi hugs back.--“Yoongi?” Hoseok peeks his head into the room.He looks away from his laptop. “What?”Hoseok grins a bit giving a simple response, it makes Yoongi’s heart flutter. “Are you doing anything tonight?”“I mean… practice, probably.” Yoongi frowns, shutting his laptop as Hoseok makes his way over to sit on the bed. “Why?”“Well,” He claps his hands together, looking so excited, fucking adorable. “You’ve been working so hard lately, I thought you’d like a break.” Hoseok is leaning closer and closer and suddenly the room feels too small.“Uh,” Yoongi hesitates. “I don’t need breaks, I need to focus on music.” It isn’t that he doesn’t want to spend time with Hoseok, in fact that’s all he wants to do, being with Hoseok is constantly on his mind, so much so to the point that he’s started to slack a bit. Slacking off gets you dropped.“This has music involved, pleaaasssee.” Jutting out his lip, Hoseok leans even closer, nose barely a couple of inches from Yoongi’s.And he wants to say no again (no he doesn’t), but he’s too fucking soft for Hoseok. “What is it?”“You know how Eminem is supposed to perform in Seoul?”Yoongi’s face goes slack. “You did not.”At that, Hoseok’s grin grows and he stands from the bed, reaching into his back pocket and pulling out two tickets, fanning them out and shoving them right up to Yoongi’s face who’s grabbing onto his wrist and looking at the tickets to make sure they’re real.“Where did you get the money for this?” They’re trainees, money is basically nonexistent for them.“Won them in some raffle.” He’s still grinning and it’s so radiant. Just… wow…“Why didn’t you take Namjoon or someone? What made you want me to go with you?” Yoongi slides off his bed, onto his feet, facing Hoseok.His grin turns into something warmer and he shrugs. “I like hanging out with you the most. Plus, going to this I knew you’d smile, which is also something I really like.”To which, wow, Yoongi is blushing and he has to hide his face which makes Hoseok laugh.“So, you in?” Hoseok asks as he calms down from the laughter, he has this smug-ass expression, even going as far as to lick his fucking lips.“I’m in.” Yoongi responds a little faster than he should have, his voice even cracks which causes Hoseok’s smug expression to falter and it’s cute.“Cool,” Hoseok takes a step back. “We’ll leave at nine.” And after that, Hoseok backs out of the room entirely but leaves the door open.It’s a few seconds before Yoongi realizes that he’s standing in the middle of the room still. He also realizes that he has a huge fucking grin on his face that if someone were to walk in, it’d be embarrassing as hell and no one would let him live it down.There’s still a few hours before he needs to start getting ready, but he goes to find an outfit now and a weird rush of anxiety runs through his body, but the good kind.After that, Yoongi feels too antsy to stay in the bedroom and goes out to the living room, seeing Hoseok on the couch with a notebook and textbook in his lap, diligently writing things down, sticking his tongue out a bit in concentration. He hasn’t noticed Yoongi enter and jumps a bit upon Yoongi announcing his presence with a small cough.Hoseok looks at him with a smile. “What’s up, Yoongi?” He greets as Yoongi makes his way over to the couch, sitting way too close for a couch made to sit three people at least, but always manages sitting around five if they really squish themselves in there.“Nothin’, just got tired of sitting in the room.” He tries to play off, tries to hide that he’s weirdly anxious.He nods. “I see,” And then he looks back at his book and sighs. “You know anything about physics?”Yoongi snorts and scoots closer, trying to get a better look at the book, obviously. “Why’re you even taking a physics class?”Hoseok sighs and taps his pencil against the book. “Because I decided I wanted to challenge myself but that was a mistake.”“I didn’t do horrible in physics when I took it in high school, but that was high school.” He frowns. “College is something else… Namjoon probably understands, you should ask him when he gets back.”Shrugging, Hoseok closes the notebook and then the textbook and leans back, tilting his head and staring at the ceiling. “Nah, it’s fine.” And then looks at Yoongi. “You changed, we don’t have to leave for a while.” He states.“I didn’t have anything better to do.”“Are you excited, Yoongi?” Hoseok asks with a knowing grin, it’s honestly not even a question, more like a statement said in question form.He crosses his arms. “’Course not.” Yoongi huffs and avoids eye contact because he is excited but he’s more excited about being able to spend time with Hoseok than he is to see Eminem.When the time comes, they leave in sweatshirts because nights are cold and Hoseok looks really fucking good, he cleans up so nicely, shit, how is Yoongi expected not to stare at him.The crowd is a bit overwhelming, there are more fans in Seoul than Yoongi had originally thought and Hoseok insists that they make way to the front of the… mob… and frankly before Yoongi can say no, Hoseok is taking hold of his hand and dragging him forward. Yoongi knows that it’s probably so they don’t get separated, but… the warmth of Hoseok’s hand in his makes his mind go blank and he’s being dragged forward without protest.There’s this big smile on Hoseok’s face and Yoongi thinks that maybe it’s worth it to have a panic attack or something because he gets to see Hoseok’s smile. Or maybe Hoseok’s smile will singlehandedly prevent a panic attack from ensuing.Shit.The concert starts and while Yoongi would like to say that he fully immersed himself in the music of the concert, it more became a dull roar in the background because Hoseok made sure Yoongi stood in front of him because he’s shorter and there’s so many people that Yoongi’s back is constantly colliding with Hoseok’s front and it’s all he can think about.It’s when Beautiful is being performed when Hoseok wraps his arms around Yoongi’s torso and his head is resting on Yoongi’s right shoulder and he whispers,“This one’s my favorite song.” And he’s swaying back and forth so slowly and, shit, Yoongi swears he’s doing this on purpose because his hips are closer than they were before. Every single voice in Yoongi’s head is telling him to push Hoseok away, speak up, anything to get out of this situation because this shouldn’t be happening, but it is, and it’s fucking amazing.As the concert goes on, faster songs start being performed and Hoseok backs up a bit and he’s still directly behind him, but he misses the… intimate touch and he just… wants Beautiful to be performed one last time.When it’s nearing its end, raindrops start falling, a light sprinkle, nothing too bad, Yoongi likes the rain but he can hear Hoseok worrying behind him about getting sick because of it.It’s when the concert ends when it really starts pouring and Yoongi turns for the first time since they got here to stare at Hoseok and he laughs. Laughs as he tilts his head up towards the sky, letting the cold rain fall on his face and he’s drenched by now. It’s that kind of pouring that they can barely see a few feet in front of them and it’s so isolating because everyone has cleared out by now and the light from street lamps are somehow still shining through all the rain and it’s terribly cliché even though it shouldn’t be because this isn’t some fucking romantic affair.But, shit, Hoseok is suddenly shivering, like violently shivering and he’s clutching at his arms through his sopping wet sweatshirt and Yoongi takes his chance to guide Hoseok through the rain just like he had guided Yoongi through the crowd. He takes his hand and starts running forward, moving towards the closest thing they can use for shelter. The concert ended pretty late, it was fun but now everything around them is closed so they can’t go find some coffee shop to warm up and they end up under some random tarp that’s in front of an already closed store. There’s a street lamp right there so he can clearly see Hoseok’s face and he’s still shivering and worry is plastered across his face and he won’t look at Yoongi and almost looks like he’s about to cry.“Hoseok,” Yoongi yells over the rain. “Hoseok!” He has to repeat himself before Hoseok finally meets his gaze. “Are you okay?”To which Hoseok shakes his head feverously, lips trembling a bit. “I’m gonna get sick, I’m gonna get sick and I’m not gonna be able to sing or dance or rap and they’re gonna kick me out—“And Yoongi grasps the collar of Hoseok’s shirt and just… kisses him. Like, really hard, getting as close as he can to him and when he pulls back, Hoseok is staring at him in horror but he doesn’t move.“I’ll keep you warm until the rain slows down a bit.” Yoongi says just loud enough for Hoseok to hear and he says it in such a husky voice and Hoseok shivers again but he doesn’t think it’s because he’s cold this time. “Are you okay with that?” He asks, pulling away a bit more to look Hoseok in the eyes and he nods just the slightest bit, enough for Yoongi to see.Yoongi smirks and connects their lips once again, he cups Hoseok’s face and backs him up into the wall of the building before pulling away again.“You were rubbing up against me at the concert, weren’t you? Playing dirty, huh?” He whispers pressing a kiss to Hoseok’s jaw.Hoseok whimpers as he nods, fuck, he looks so good like this.This shouldn’t be happening.But it is.--They eventually return back home and it’s early in the morning or late in the evening depending on how you look at it and Hoseok has a decent hickey on his neck that he might get scolded for but frankly it was worth it.They walk into the room shared with the rest of the trainees after changing into warmer clothes and Yoongi gives Hoseok a small smile but his mind if fucking screaming at him telling him that this was a mistake and Yoongi can’t stop himself from saying,“This was just a one-time thing, right?” He whispers and it’s so dark in the room but he still manages to see Hoseok’s face drop as he nods.“Right.” Hoseok’s answer is so pitiful and downright sad but Yoongi can’t get himself to do anything about it.It shouldn’t have happened.But it did.And Yoongi feels like shit. And maybe he should have been drunk like last time. iii.

Yoongi spends 2013 wanting to sleep. Idol life is full of schedules and while he’s happy that he’s finally debuted… it’s still tiring.Being in the presence of people he’s not 100% used to sucks literally all of the energy out of him. Every day when they get home, no matter how many things they did that day, Yoongi falls on his bed and is out in seconds. He starts sleeping everywhere, he keeps getting depressed, he’s more anxious than ever, and… ever since the night of the Eminem concert, things have been… rough… between Yoongi and Hoseok. In other words, his stress reliever has become his stress inducer.Hoseok doesn’t act different directly. It’s small little actions, like he still talks to Yoongi like nothing happened but the way he expresses his words… it’s different. He treats Yoongi different in the sense that only Yoongi will notice it. To anyone else, they’re still the same Yoongi and Hoseok to everyone else, even going so far as to initiate skinship in front of the cameras, the bastard.They haven’t has a serious conversation alone since that night.And the worst part is, is that it’s all Yoongi’s fault. If he hadn’t said the stupid words of ‘this was just a one-time thing, right?’ and just fucking accepted that, hey, even if they don’t want to take their relationship past anything other than friends, well, kissing each other is still really fucking nice and maybe they could have been friends with benefits or Yoongi didn’t have to say it the way he did, fuck… this runs through his mind constantly, so vividly remembering Hoseok’s face dropping the moment Yoongi said the stupidest thing he’s ever said.Debut was something that Yoongi thought would lift the stress of his shoulders.He’s always been an introvert, always been intimidated by large groups of people and in some cases small groups of people, and he thought debut would magically solve everything about his fucking social phobias, but it didn’t.It made it worse.He doesn’t have his rock anymore to lean on.Of course, any of the other members could have taken up that position. Namjoon is probably the closest someone will ever get to where Hoseok stands in Yoongi’s line of people that makes him not want to die.Yoongi loves performing, but the toll it’s taking on him just makes him wonder if this was a bad idea. That he moved to Seoul for nothing and that everyone who told him he’d never get anywhere were right and he’d end up having to go to some school and become an engineer or something that he’d hate waking up for every morning.He doesn’t want to be that person.He doesn’t want to be the poster example of an adult that just lives because they were born, no actual motivation to make his life better but too much of a coward to just die already.It’s just because you’re not used to the idol life yet, Yoongi constantly tells himself. It’ll get better, just wait, everything will turn out fine in the end, you’ll be happy, you’ll find happiness, you’ll love waking up every morning.Shit.About a week after promotions for their debut album ends and their hectic schedule dies down a little bit, it’s nearing 2am and Yoongi can’t sleep. He can’t sleep because Hoseok said he was going to the dance studio at 4pm and he’s still not back.He didn’t leave a message to anyone.Jimin went and joined him for a few hours and when he got back he said that Hoseok was trying to perfect a new dance he’d been working on.Yoongi is worried.It’s nearing 2am and Yoongi is getting out of bed and slipping on a jacket and shoes before exiting the dorm and making the walk to Big Hit Entertainment to make sure that nothing bad happened to Hoseok.The walk feels longer than usual but when he finally gets to the studio, finally walks through the doors to see a dark main room but a light coming through the bottom crack of the door sends relief through Yoongi but then another ball of anxiety forms as he realizes he hears no music coming from the room, nor the sound of feet moving.He pauses at the door, wondering if Hoseok would even want to see Yoongi, but he does it anyways because he fucking cares about Hoseok god damn it and if Hoseok pushes him away then so be it.As soon as he opens the door, he sees Hoseok lying on the floor, staring at the ceiling, drenched in sweat and water bottles littering the area.“Hoseok…” Yoongi mutters, to which Hoseok turns his head just the slightest bit to look at him.“What’re you doing here?” Hoseok asks, his voice is hoarse and noticeably out of breath and that scares Yoongi.“You’ve been here for a long time, I was getting worried.” He sticks to the wall and crosses his arms, waiting for Hoseok to make the first move if he’s going to make one at all.“Oh.”“Are you planning on coming home soon? Now?”“I need to do this dance one more time.”Yoongi frowns. “I’ll wait for you, then.”Hoseok returns the frown. “Why?”“What do you mean why?”“I honestly thought you hated me and that you’d be jumping with joy at the fact that I hadn’t returned home.”“What the hell.” Yoongi almost yells. “Why the fuck would I hate you? You’re the one that’s been treating me different for almost a fucking year!”“And why do you think I was treating you different?” Hoseok asks bluntly, sitting up and he looks… horrible. “What kind of message did you think ‘this is just a one-time thing, right?’ implied to me?”Yoongi hesitates. “I honestly don’t know why I said that…” He whispers, starting to walk towards Hoseok. “I regretted it the second I said it.”He raises an eyebrow, clearly not impressed.“I miss you.” Yoongi blurts out.“I see you every day.”“You know what I mean.” He wants to hide but instead of avoiding his problem, he sits right in front of it and stares it right in the face. “I miss… you, the you that… made me want to do things, that made me not want to die every second of the day… the you that was you…”They spent almost a year treating each other differently and the second Hoseok scoots closer with a slight smile warms Yoongi’s heart.Yoongi’s first year of debut didn’t go how he thought it would, but maybe it’s starting to round out. iv.

Yoongi spends 2014 thinking that maybe this was a mistake. Maybe his existence was a mistake.Or maybe he should have gone to acting school with Seokjin because he’s so good at acting like he doesn’t want to fucking die all the time.2013 came and went and while he and Hoseok made up, they went back to how they were before…Yoongi still feels isolated as hell.He feels lonely.He feels depressed.He feels… scared.A year after debut and he still hasn’t gotten used to the demand of him being a social human being.The idol life truly isn’t for introverts.The idol life truly isn’t for introverts who want to die because all he wanted to do was make music, not interact with people.He loves ARMY, don’t get him wrong, but… it’s fucking tiring.As time goes on, it becomes worse and worse but Yoongi gets better and better at acting.He spends a good majority of his free time cuddled up to Hoseok, feeling like he’s about to cry, feeling like he’s still alone, even with so many people supporting him.Hoseok thinks he’s just tired. But in reality he’s tired, wants to die, and wishes he was never born.Hoseok and Yoongi aren’t dating, but they have a weird closeness. He wouldn’t define them as friends with benefits. Yoongi doesn’t know what they are. But he doesn’t care because he probably would have been dead by now without Hoseok’s support.“Hey, Yoongi,” Hoseok says one day, it had been a particularly bad day for whatever reason and Yoongi just wanted to crawl into a hole but Hoseok offered up his arms and Yoongi just couldn’t resist. They’ve been lying like this for several hours now, Hoseok runs his fingers through Yoongi’s hair and with his other hand rubs circles into Yoongi’s shoulder. “Do you wanna go somewhere?”Yoongi licks his lips. “I wanna stay here.” He mutters, snuggling further into Hoseok.“Please.”He looks up at him with furrowed brows. “Where?” And suddenly he’s having flashbacks of the Eminem concert.“It’s a surprise.” Hoseok grins.--That’s how they ended up at the Han River at 3pm.Yoongi stuffs his hands into the pockets of his hoodie and scuffs his shoe on the ground, keeping his eyes there as well.Hoseok stands still next to him, he's humming a song and Yoongi recognizes it as his part from ‘I like it’, the part where Hoseok sings so softly and made Yoongi wonder how he's not a part of the vocal line.He licks his lips before finally speaking. “Why did you bring me here?”A few seconds pass before he gets a response. “When we were trainees,” He starts off quietly. “If I ever got sad, I’d always come here.” Yoongi can feel his gaze on him but it just makes him want to shrink and disappear into nothing. “You know how overwhelmed I was when I first got here, I was miserable.” Hoseok huffs out a laugh.To which Yoongi frowns before finally looking at Hoseok. “Are you sad right now?” He asks.Hoseok shakes his head. “No, but you are.”“I’m not.”Hoseok shakes his head again. “You've been sad for a while now, but today was different.” He says softly, licking his lips.Yoongi turns his gaze back to the ground. “That’s just my personality, you know, cold and stuff.”Hoseok places a hand on Yoongi’s shoulder. “If you keep this up, Yoongi, you'll have to start attending school as an acting major with Seokjin.”He feels a sense of déjà vu because… he was just thinking the same thing earlier.Hoseok walks to the rocks at the bay of the river and turns around, sitting, facing towards Yoongi which just confuses him because isn't the point of being here to look at the river? He stares at Yoongi until he stares back and pats the spot next to him and Yoongi reluctantly makes his way over, sitting down on the hard rock, facing the path that has a decent amount of people on it because it's the weekend.There's silence for a bit again before Hoseok speaks. “I want you to look at the people passing,” And Yoongi does. “And I want you to make up a backstory for them.”“What?”“I saw it on some American TV show that Namjoon showed me.”Yoongi continues to stare at the people but doesn't say anything until Hoseok nudges him and he lets out a sigh. “That woman over there, the one leaning against the tree with the bag slung across her chest and staring at her phone,” He waits until Hoseok finds the person he's looking at. “She moved here two months ago and still doesn't know anyone. She came because of a good university but Korean isn't her first language so she's finding it difficult to make friends or even get anywhere.” He licks his lips. “Right now she's texting her friends back home about how she's doing terrific and it's so fun living here but she actually hates it and wants to go back home, but is scared because her parents were against her coming in the first place, she doesn't want them to be right.” He looks to Hoseok who nods.“Okay, my turn,” He looks around for a bit before eyes landing on Yoongi. “That guy sitting on the rocks with the black beanie and hoodie, basketball shorts,” Yoongi's looking for this guy but… can't find him… “He’s really miserable right now but won't talk to anyone about it. It’s not obvious to someone who doesn't know him well, but to the people who do know him well, they're worried about him,”Then Yoongi realizes that, fuck, he's the guy.“He’s amazing… deserves everything he wants in life. He struggles but pushes through it, he's strong. But even strong people need validation sometimes, so he's starting to think about talking to someone.”Yoongi doesn't even know how to react, much less what to say.“He's good at covering up his feelings, but his friends, one friend in particular, wish that he would let that go for a second. This friend wants to help, he wants him to be able to be happy with the life that he's chosen because this friend is really,” Hoseok huffs a laugh into his next word. “Fucking happy that he chose this path. The thought of him being miserable over something he loves is just… messed up to this friend. He wants to help.”Yoongi is just staring at him in astonishment because… what the fuck just happened?Hoseok meets his eyes. “I just wanna be there for you, Yoongi.” He whispers, they're sitting closer to each other than they were when they first sat down and Yoongi isn't exactly sure how that happened but all he knows is that he really feels like crying right now.“Shit,” Yoongi turns his head because he feels the tears coming on and he scoots as far away from Hoseok as he can, using the sleeve of his hoodie to try and subtly wipe at his eyes. “Shit.” Then he's standing and before he can run away like he wanted, Hoseok is standing right next to him and grasping his wrist.Before Yoongi can try and pull away, Hoseok is hugging him and he totally breaks down into tears and clutches at Hoseok’s shirt as the tears soak into the fabric and he's lucky that they came here barefaced. v.

Yoongi spends 2015 thinking about all of his past relationships and wonders if he's just not made for love.Or maybe he just hasn't found the right person yet, hasn't found his soul partner.He knows that he's too busy for any kind of relationship, 2015 is a fucking hectic year but emotional wise, it's a lot better than 2014.He and Hoseok are closer than ever and it's so… nice.It's nice and Yoongi wonders what it would be like to share this with someone that he calls his partner. It’s weird, because it's not like he's lonely or anything, he's just been thinking about it a lot. Like, a weird amount. He wouldn't really mind not being able to date someone as long as he can still make music and stick with his band members. That's all he needs, honestly.Maybe it's because they're constantly being asked what kind of girls they're interested in during interviews. It makes Yoongi uncomfortable because… he thinks that maybe he likes boys? Maybe he likes both? He doesn't know, but he does know that it bothers him that ‘girl’ is specifically put into the question, not ‘what kind of people do you like?’ ‘what do you look for in a partner?’ ‘what's your type?’ it's so simple to just say that, yet they say ‘what type of girls do you like?’ ‘what do you look for in a girl?’ ‘do you have a girlfriend?’ and honestly one day he wants to be asked if he has a girlfriend and he’ll proudly say, ‘no, I do have a boyfriend, though.’ and some kind of weight would lift off his shoulders and Yoongi just… can't stop thinking about it now.“Hey, Hoseok,” Yoongi says one day as they're at a coffee shop, almost like a date.He hums in acknowledgement.“What are your thoughts on dating?”To which, Hoseok is choking on his tea, coughing and Yoongi wonders if he should do something but doesn't.“What?” Hoseok finally says, voice a bit scratchy from the coughing.“Dating.”“Dating who?”“No one, just…” Yoongi focuses on his coffee cup. “We always get asked about what kind of girls we like in interviews and what kind of date night would we like and… I don't know… it just make me start thinking about dating a lot.”“You’re always really vague with your answers to this, I honestly thought that the concept of dating doesn't exist in your head.”Yoongi bites his lip. “I’m vague because they're asking the wrong questions.” He mutters quietly.“What do you mean?”He hesitates. “They always specify the question with ‘girls’, like… what if I wanted to talk about what kind of guys I like?”He can basically feel Hoseok’s stare. “I didn't know you like guys.”Finally, Yoongi looks up to meet Hoseok’s eyes. “I’ve kissed you before.”And some kind of… discomfort passes through Hoseok’s expression and he shifts in his seat. “That doesn't mean you like guys, you were drunk the first time—”“Barely tipsy.”“— and then the second time was to keep me warm.”Yoongi snorts. “You really think I made out with you for a solid 20 minutes because I wanted to keep you warm?”Hoseok stares at him.“That's cute.”And Hoseok’s entire face flushes red and he tries to hide it with his hands but painfully fails and it make Yoongi laugh, genuinely laugh, for the first time in a while.“Adorable.”Hoseok squirms more in his seat. “Stop.” He says with no real bite to it.Yoongi grins. “I’m just stating the truth.” He reaches across the table to pry Hoseok’s hands away from his face, which he lets happen fairly easily. Yoongi feels his heart leap as Hoseok’s face is so red and he’s so… pretty and flustered.Shit, he wants to kiss him.And for a second he almost does until he remembers that they’re in public.“Why’re you staring at me like that?”Yoongi realizes that he was, in fact, staring intensely at Hoseok“Yoongi?”“You’re fucking beautiful, you know that?”--They start showing a new level of affection and it doesn’t go unnoticed. They still aren’t dating and Yoongi doesn’t want know if he even wants to date Hoseok. He has this weird infatuation with him and he thinks it’s because no one has ever cared about Yoongi as much as Hoseok does.The other members have gotten used to walking in on them with their faces being way too close, like they’re on the brink of kissing and Yoongi constantly thinks about kissing him and constantly catches Hoseok staring at his lips and honestly, Hoseok probably wouldn’t be opposed to Yoongi kissing him, he doesn’t… often.Some days when he’s feeling particularly adventurous , maybe a little too tired to really think and they’ll be lying in Hoseok’s bunk because Yoongi’s gotten to the point that he can’t sleep unless he cuddles with Hoseok first. Yoongi’s face will be right next to his and he’ll start by kissing the corner of his mouth, basically his way of asking Hoseok if this is okay and usually he responds by kissing Yoongi himself and by the way that kiss goes, Yoongi determines whether this will be lazy and sweet or rough and heated or somewhere in between.They’ve never gone past anything above making out, and frankly, Yoongi’s okay with that. They’re not friends with benefits, they’re not dating.Yoongi’s been thinking a lot about his past relationships and what the future holds, but right now he doesn’t think dating is something he wants to be involved in. He’s happy now, and so is Hoseok. vi.

Yoongi spends 2016 completely immersed by the idea of Jung Hoseok, something he’s been trying to avoid for so long.2016 is the year that Sope becomes a known thing. They start the Hwagae Market, get the Sope tracksuits, they get to sing a duet, and Yoongi starts spending even more time (if that’s even possible) with Hoseok. Hoseok just… makes him really fucking happy and Yoongi just… likes being happy. He still goes through stages of depression, that’s just a given, those are always going to happen there’s just no way to stop it forever.But if he can avoid going back to how miserable he was prior to 2015, he will.They hold hands a lot, that’s Yoongi’s favorite part. Hoseok likes to trace the veins sticking out of Yoongi’s hands and while he’s concentrated, Yoongi is watching his soft expression.It’s become a bit difficult more recently, though. With BTS’ growing popularity, they gain more and more fansites that catch it all, more and more fans that can somehow look at an image and write an essay of theories for it, and it’s not that he has anything to hide but…He was told that pda is fine, fanservice, right? But the things he wants to do with Hoseok, the lacing fingers and giving a slight kiss to his neck as they wait for whatever to start or while they’re getting to their destination.It would stir up dating rumors.And Hoseok and Yoongi aren’t dating.Yoongi soon learns how to will himself from being clingy to Hoseok and instead incorporates it into his words. With their WINGS comeback, it’s making it more difficult.This is J-Hope’s era. Hoseok’s era.He looks so fucking good, this comeback… it really did him justice, he can’t get that body roll from Boy Meets Evil out of his head. God, Hoseok is so fucking amazing.Yoongi can’t even stop himself anymore from showing his admiration towards Hoseok, constantly yelling out how fucking great he is, compliments, trying to sit closer to him because he doesn’t want personal space to exist between them.Then comes the day that they decide to do a Sope VLive.Yoongi titles it BTS Live: SOPE followed by the two boys with a heart between them emoji. And, get this, their Sope tracksuits. The fans are going wild and Yoongi can’t help but smile to himself after the VLive ends because they were just as hyped as he was.“That went really well.” Yoongi says, grin still across his face.Hoseok looks at him so fondly. “Yeah, it really did.” Hoseok stands from the couch and lets himself fall onto the bed and Yoongi follows. They lie like that for a few seconds before Yoongi finally rolls onto his side so he can sling his arm around Hoseok.“Hey, Yoongi,” Hoseok speaks up after a bit of silence.Yoongi hums in acknowledgement.“What are your thoughts on dating?”Fuck.Fuck.Hoseok said the exact same thing Yoongi had said to him.Fuck.Yoongi stares at him for a moment, and Hoseok meets his gaze.“Yoongi?” Hoseok asks in a whisper as he moves a bit closer, close enough that their eyes have to dart back and forth.“Why’re you asking?” Yoongi finally responds.To which, Hoseok smiles. “I’ve been thinking about it a lot lately.” He’s still speaking in a whisper and it’s so fucking hot and Yoongi can’t believe that they had just gotten off the VLive no more than ten minutes ago and this is already happening.Yoongi’s heart speeds up and he props himself up on his elbow so he’s a bit above Hoseok and they’re silent because Yoongi doesn’t know what the fuck to say and he thinks that Hoseok likes seeing him flustered because he can slowly feel his face becoming red and his breathing a bit more rapid and he’s smiling.“Have I ever told you that your smile is gorgeous?” Hoseok asks and Yoongi still doesn’t know what to say because the only words that come to mind right now are curse words because of his lack in ability to speak because he’s so flustered.“Shit.” He finally says and he’s kissing Hoseok because that’s a thing that happens sometimes but something about it feels different, Hoseok seems more enthusiastic than usual, pulling Yoongi onto him and sits up so Yoongi is straddling him which is new, they’ve never done this, but it’s nice. The warmth of Hoseok’s thighs against Yoongi and just… something about being in Hoseok’s lap just gives him this sense of pride.While 2016 was a shitty year for the world as a whole, it was pretty damn good for Yoongi. vii.

Yoongi spends 2017 thinking about how Jung Hoseok has been his soul partner this whole time.They kind of beat around the bush after Hoseok asked Yoongi’s opinion on dating, and at that time Yoongi still wasn’t 100% sure he wanted to date Hoseok.Well, he wanted to date Hoseok, but Hoseok deserves the best and Yoongi wasn’t sure if he could be that.They’re at the photobook shoot when Hoseok picks some confetti of the ground and throws it over Yoongi.Yoongi laughs and turns to him. “What was that for?”Hoseok grins and ruffles Yoongi’s hair in attempt to get some of the confetti out. “Thought you’d look cute with confetti all over you.”Yoongi tries to shove away his hand. “Hey, the stylists are gonna yell at you if you mess up my hair.” He warns, clutching onto Hoseok’s forearm because he can’t get him to take his hand off his head.“They’ll live.”“This whole shoot is basically just confetti being thrown over us; you could have just watched when the photos were being taken.”“I just wanted to do something myself.” Hoseok uses Yoongi holding onto his arm to his advantage and starts leading him away from the shoot. They’re doing individual shots now and Hoseok and Yoongi had already finished theirs. They end up somewhere against a wall that no one will look, far enough away from the others that they can’t even hear them anymore. They’re extremely close and Yoongi decides to put his hands on Hoseok’s hips, shit, he feels like they belong there.“What were your plans over here?” Yoongi asks in a low voice, eyeing up Hoseok’s lips.He slowly starts leaning in and Yoongi lets it happen, watching the way Hoseok’s eyes become lidded and finally their lips meet, first one nice and hard.Yoongi tears away just barely, lips still basically touching. “So that’s how you wanna play today, huh?” He whispers, reconnecting their lips nice and hard, Yoongi rubbing circles with his thumbs against Hoseok’s hips and biting Hoseok’s bottom lip.They messily make out for a few seconds and during that time, Yoongi starts thinking about how their stylists are gonna be pissed for messing up their makeup before they could do group shots. He begins kissing at Hoseok’s neck, hearing his breath halt and is slowly let out in a pleased sigh.Hoseok places his hands on Yoongi’s shoulders. “Hey, Yoongi, can I ask you something?” He whispers.Yoongi hums his answer against Hoseok’s neck, continuing to kiss it, sucking a little harshly even though it’ll leave a mark and do nothing to hide anything.“What are we?”Immediately, Yoongi stops and pulls away to be able to fully look at Hoseok. His expression is a little uneasy. “What do you want us to be?”Hoseok licks his lips. “I… don’t know.”“If you want my honest opinion,” Yoongi says seriously. “I think we’ve been dating for a while now but refused to put a label to it.”As soon as that’s said, Hoseok’s face lights up. “That’s such a relief,” He lets out a loud breath and Yoongi knows how that feels, when a weight is finally lifted off your shoulders. “So we’re…”“Boyfriends.” Yoongi confirms.“Boyfriends…” Hoseok echoes.Yoongi presses one last kiss to Hoseok’s smiling lips and tears away, holding Hoseok’s hand for them to at least be touching a little bit.Any kind of touch will do.“Come on, group shots are probably gonna start soon and we need our makeup fixed.”Explaining to their stylists why their makeup is messed up is difficult, they don’t believe their excuse at all, it’s obvious in their faces, but they fix it nonetheless and tell them to try to not be so irresponsible with this kind of stuff.--#영혼의파트너



Afterword


End Notes
I actually really liked writing this so I hope that you enjoyed reading it!!I love Yoonseok so much and I hope that Yoongi had a fantastic birthday :')Thank you so much for reading, comments and kudos are always appreciated! <3 twittertumblr


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



