The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Dwindling Years, by Lester Del Rey

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: The Dwindling Years

Author: Lester Del Rey

Illustrator: Ashman

Release Date: October 1, 2015 [EBook #50103]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE DWINDLING YEARS ***




Produced by Greg Weeks, Carolyn Jablonski, Adam Buchbinder
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net









                                  The

                               Dwindling

                                 Years


                         _He didn’t expect to
                         be last—but neither
                         did he anticipate the
                         horror of being the
                         first!_


                           By LESTER DEL REY

                          Illustrated by JOHNS


[Illustration]


NEARLY TWO hundred years of habit carried the chairman of Exodus
Corporation through the morning ritual of crossing the executive floor.
Giles made the expected comments, smiled the proper smiles and greeted
his staff by the right names, but it was purely automatic. Somehow,
thinking had grown difficult in the mornings recently.

Inside his private office, he dropped all pretense and slumped into the
padding of his chair, gasping for breath and feeling his heart hammering
in his chest. He’d been a fool to come to work, he realized. But with
the Procyon shuttle arriving yesterday, there was no telling what might
turn up. Besides, that fool of a medicist had sworn the shot would cure
any allergy or asthma.

Giles heard his secretary come in, but it wasn’t until the smell of the
coffee reached his nose that he looked up. She handed him a filled cup
and set the carafe down on the age-polished surface of the big desk. She
watched solicitously as he drank.

“That bad, Arthur?” she asked.

“Just a little tired,” he told her, refilling the cup. She’d made the
coffee stronger than usual and it seemed to cut through some of the
thickness in his head. “I guess I’m getting old, Amanda.”

She smiled dutifully at the time-worn joke, but he knew she wasn’t
fooled. She’d cycled to middle age four times in her job and she
probably knew him better than he knew himself—which wouldn’t be hard, he
thought. He’d hardly recognized the stranger in the mirror as he tried
to shave. His normal thinness had looked almost gaunt and there were
hollows in his face and circles under his eyes. Even his hair had seemed
thinner, though that, of course, was impossible.

“Anything urgent on the Procyon shuttle?” he asked as she continue
staring at him with worried eyes.

                  *       *       *       *       *

SHE JERKED her gaze away guiltily and turned to the incoming basket.
“Mostly drugs for experimenting. A personal letter for you, relayed from
some place I never heard of. And one of the super-light missiles! They
found it drifting half a light-year out and captured it. Jordan’s got a
report on it and he’s going crazy. But if you don’t feel well—”

“I’m all right!” he told her sharply. Then he steadied himself and
managed to smile. “Thanks for the coffee, Amanda.”

She accepted dismissal reluctantly. When she was gone, he sat gazing at
the report from Jordan at Research.

For eighty years now, they’d been sending out the little ships that
vanished at greater than the speed of light, equipped with every
conceivable device to make them return automatically after taking
pictures of wherever they arrived. So far, none had ever returned or
been located. This was the first hope they’d found that the century-long
trips between stars in the ponderous shuttles might be ended and he
should have been filled with excitement at Jordan’s hasty preliminary
report.

He leafed through it. The little ship apparently had been picked up by
accident when it almost collided with a Sirius-local ship. Scientists
there had puzzled over it, reset it and sent it back. The two white rats
on it had still been alive.

Giles dropped the report wearily and picked up the personal message that
had come on the shuttle. He fingered the microstrip inside while he
drank another coffee, and finally pulled out the microviewer. There were
three frames to the message, he saw with some surprise.

He didn’t need to see the signature on the first projection. Only his
youngest son would have sent an elaborate tercentenary greeting
verse—one that would arrive ninety years too late! Harry had been born
just before Earth passed the drastic birth limitation act and his mother
had spoiled him. He’d even tried to avoid the compulsory emigration
draft and stay on with his mother. It had been the bitter quarrels over
that which had finally broken Giles’ fifth marriage.

Oddly enough, the message in the next frame showed none of that. Harry
had nothing but praise for the solar system where he’d been sent. He
barely mentioned being married on the way or his dozen children, but
filled most of the frame with glowing description and a plea for his
father to join him there!

                  *       *       *       *       *

GILES SNORTED and turned to the third frame, which showed a group
picture of the family in some sort of vehicle, against the background of
an alien but attractive world.

He had no desire to spend ninety years cooped up with a bunch of callow
young emigrants, even in one of the improved Exodus shuttles. And even
if Exodus ever got the super-light drive working, there was no reason he
should give up his work. The discovery that men could live practically
forever had put an end to most family ties; sentiment wore thin in half
a century—which wasn’t much time now, though it had once seemed long
enough.

Strange how the years seemed to get shorter as their number increased.
There’d been a song once—something about the years dwindling down. He
groped for the lines and couldn’t remember. Drat it! Now he’d probably
lie awake most of the night again, trying to recall them.

The outside line buzzed musically, flashing Research’s number. Giles
grunted in irritation. He wasn’t ready to face Jordan yet. But he
shrugged and pressed the button.

The intense face that looked from the screen was frowning as Jordan’s
eyes seemed to sweep around the room. He was still young—one of the few
under a hundred who’d escaped deportation because of special ability—and
patience was still foreign to him.

Then the frown vanished as an expression of shock replaced it, and Giles
felt a sinking sensation. If he looked _that_ bad—

But Jordan wasn’t looking at him; the man’s interest lay in the
projected picture from Harry, across the desk from the communicator.

“Antigravity!” His voice was unbelieving as he turned his head to face
the older man. “What world is that?”

Giles forced his attention on the picture again and this time he noticed
the vehicle shown. It was enough like an old model Earth conveyance to
pass casual inspection, but it floated wheellessly above the ground.
Faint blur lines indicated it had been moving when the picture was
taken.

“One of my sons—” Giles started to answer. “I could find the star’s
designation....”

Jordan cursed harshly. “So we can send a message on the shuttle, begging
for their secret in a couple of hundred years! While a hundred other
worlds make a thousand major discoveries they don’t bother reporting!
Can’t the Council see _anything_?”

Giles had heard it all before. Earth was becoming a backwater world; no
real progress had been made in two centuries; the young men were sent
out as soon as their first fifty years of education were finished, and
the older men were too conservative for really new thinking. There was a
measure of truth in it, unfortunately.

“They’ll slow up when their populations fill,” Giles repeated his old
answers. “We’re still ahead in medicine and we’ll get the other
discoveries eventually, without interrupting the work of making the
Earth fit for our longevity. We can wait. We’ll have to.”

                  *       *       *       *       *

THE YOUNGER man stared at him with the strange puzzled look Giles had
seen too often lately. “Damn it, haven’t you read my report? We know the
super-light drive works! That missile reached Sirius in less than ten
days. We can have the secret of this antigravity in less than a year!
We—”

“Wait a minute.” Giles felt the thickness pushing back at his mind and
tried to fight it off. He’d only skimmed the report, but this made no
sense. “You mean you can calibrate your guiding devices accurately
enough to get a missile where you want it and back?”

“_What?_” Jordan’s voice rattled the speaker. “Of course not! It took
two accidents to get the thing back to us—and with a half-light-year
miss that delayed it about twenty years before the Procyon shuttle heard
its signal. Pre-setting a course may take centuries, if we can ever
master it. Even with Sirius expecting the missiles and ready to
cooperate. I mean the big ship. We’ve had it drafted for building long
enough; now we can finish it in three months. We know the drive works.
We know it’s fast enough to reach Procyon in two weeks. We even know
life can stand the trip. The rats were unharmed.”

Giles shook his head at what the other was proposing, only partly
believing it. “Rats don’t have minds that could show any real damage
such as the loss of power to rejuvenate. We can’t put human pilots into
a ship with our drive until we’ve tested it more thoroughly, Bill, even
if they could correct for errors on arrival. Maybe if we put in stronger
signaling transmitters....”

“Yeah. Maybe in two centuries we’d have a through route charted to
Sirius. And we still wouldn’t have proved it safe for human pilots. Mr.
Giles, we’ve got to have the big ship. All we need is _one_ volunteer!”

It occurred to Giles then that the man had been too fired with the idea
to think. He leaned back, shaking his head again wearily. “All right,
Bill. Find me one volunteer. Or how about you? Do you really want to
risk losing the rest of your life rather than waiting a couple more
centuries until we know it’s safe? If you do, I’ll order the big ship.”

Jordan opened his mouth and for a second Giles’ heart caught in a flux
of emotions as the man’s offer hovered on his lips. Then the engineer
shut his mouth slowly. The belligerence ran out of him.

He looked sick, for he had no answer.

                  *       *       *       *       *

NO SANE man would risk a chance for near eternity against such a
relatively short wait. Heroism had belonged to those who knew their days
were numbered, anyhow.

“Forget it, Bill,” Giles advised. “It may take longer, but eventually
we’ll find a way. With time enough, we’re bound to. And when we do, the
ship will be ready.”

The engineer nodded miserably and clicked off. Giles turned from the
blank screen to stare out of the windows, while his hand came up to
twist at the lock of hair over his forehead. Eternity! They had to plan
and build for it. They couldn’t risk that plan for short-term benefits.
Usually it was too easy to realize that, and the sight of the solid,
time-enduring buildings outside should have given him a sense of
security.

Today, though, nothing seemed to help. He felt choked, imprisoned,
somehow lost; the city beyond the window blurred as he studied it, and
he swung the chair back so violently that his hand jerked painfully on
the forelock he’d been twisting.

Then he was staring unbelievingly at the single white hair that was
twisted with the dark ones between his fingers.

Like an automaton, he bent forward, his other hand groping for the
mirror that should be in one of the drawers. The dull pain in his chest
sharpened and his breath was hoarse in his throat, but he hardly noticed
as he found the mirror and brought it up. His eyes focused reluctantly.
There were other white strands in his dark hair.

The mirror crashed to the floor as he staggered out of the office.

It was only two blocks to Giles’ residence club, but he had to stop
twice to catch his breath and fight against the pain that clawed at his
chest. When he reached the wood-paneled lobby, he was barely able to
stand.

Dubbins was at his side almost at once, with a hand under his arm to
guide him toward his suite.

“Let me help you, sir,” Dubbins suggested, in the tones Giles hadn’t
heard since the man had been his valet, back when it was still possible
to find personal servants. Now he managed the club on a level of
quasi-equality with the members. For the moment, though, he’d slipped
back into the old ways.

                  *       *       *       *       *

GILES FOUND himself lying on his couch, partially undressed, with the
pillows just right and a long drink in his hand. The alcohol combined
with the reaction from his panic to leave him almost himself again.
After all, there was nothing to worry about; Earth’s doctors could cure
anything.

“I guess you’d better call Dr. Vincenti,” he decided. Vincenti was a
member and would probably be the quickest to get.

Dubbins shook his head. “Dr. Vincenti isn’t with us, sir. He left a year
ago to visit a son in the Centauri system. There’s a Dr. Cobb whose
reputation is very good, sir.”

Giles puzzled over it doubtfully. Vincenti had been an oddly morose man
the last few times he’d seen him, but that could hardly explain his
taking a twenty-year shuttle trip for such a slim reason. It was no
concern of his, though. “Dr. Cobb, then,” he said.

Giles heard the other man’s voice on the study phone, too low for the
words to be distinguishable. He finished the drink, feeling still
better, and was sitting up when Dubbins came back.

“Dr. Cobb wants you to come to his office at once, sir,” he said,
dropping to his knee to help Giles with his shoes. “I’d be pleased to
drive you there.”

Giles frowned. He’d expected Cobb to come to him. Then he grimaced at
his own thoughts. Dubbins’ manners must have carried him back into the
past; doctors didn’t go in for home visits now—they preferred to see
their patients in the laboratories that housed their offices. If this
kept on, he’d be missing the old days when he’d had a mansion and
counted his wealth in possessions, instead of the treasures he could
build inside himself for the future ahead. He was getting positively
childish!

Yet he relished the feeling of having Dubbins drive his car. More than
anything else, he’d loved being driven. Even after chauffeurs were a
thing of the past, Harry had driven him around. Now he’d taken to
walking, as so many others had, for even with modern safety measures so
strict, there was always a small chance of some accident and nobody had
any desire to spend the long future as a cripple.

“I’ll wait for you, sir,” Dubbins offered as they stopped beside the
low, massive medical building.

It was almost too much consideration. Giles nodded, got out and headed
down the hall uncertainly. Just how bad did he look? Well, he’d soon
find out.

He located the directory and finally found the right office, its
reception room wall covered with all the degrees Dr. Cobb had picked up
in some three hundred years of practice. Giles felt better, realizing it
wouldn’t be one of the younger men.

                  *       *       *       *       *

COBB APPEARED himself, before the nurse could take over, and led Giles
into a room with an old-fashioned desk and chairs that almost concealed
the cabinets of equipment beyond.

He listened as Giles stumbled out his story. Halfway through, the nurse
took a blood sample with one of the little mosquito needles and the
machinery behind the doctor began working on it.

“Your friend told me about the gray hair, of course,” Cobb said. At
Giles’ look, he smiled faintly. “Surely you didn’t think people could
miss that in this day and age? Let’s see it.”

He inspected it and began making tests. Some were older than Giles could
remember—knee reflex, blood pressure, pulse and fluoroscope. Others
involved complicated little gadgets that ran over his body, while meters
bobbed and wiggled. The blood check came through and Cobb studied it, to
go back and make further inspections of his own.

At last he nodded slowly. “Hyper-catabolism, of course. I thought it
might be. How long since you had your last rejuvenation? And who gave
it?”

“About ten years ago,” Giles answered. He found his identity card and
passed it over, while the doctor studied it. “My sixteenth.”

It wasn’t going right. He could feel it. Some of the panic symptoms were
returning; the pulse in his neck was pounding and his breath was growing
difficult. Sweat ran down his sides from his armpit and he wiped his
palms against his coat.

“Any particular emotional strain when you were treated—some major upset
in your life?” Cobb asked.

Giles thought as carefully as he could, but he remembered nothing like
that. “You mean—it didn’t take? But I never had any trouble, Doctor. I
was one of the first million cases, when a lot of people couldn’t
rejuvenate at all, and I had no trouble even then.”

Cobb considered it, hesitated as if making up his mind to be frank
against his better judgment. “I can’t see any other explanation. You’ve
got a slight case of angina—nothing serious, but quite definite—as well
as other signs of aging. I’m afraid the treatment didn’t take fully. It
might have been some unconscious block on your part, some infection not
diagnosed at the time, or even a fault in the treatment. That’s pretty
rare, but we can’t neglect the possibility.”

                  *       *       *       *       *

HE STUDIED his charts again and then smiled. “So we’ll give you another
treatment. Any reason you can’t begin immediately?”

Giles remembered that Dubbins was waiting for him, but this was more
important. It hadn’t been a joke about his growing old, after all. But
now, in a few days, he’d be his old—no, of course not—his young self
again!

They went down the hall to another office, where Giles waited outside
while Cobb conferred with another doctor and technician, with much
waving of charts. He resented every second of it. It was as if the
almost forgotten specter of age stood beside him, counting the seconds.
But at last they were through and he was led into the quiet rejuvenation
room, where the clamps were adjusted about his head and the earpieces
were fitted. The drugs were shot painlessly into his arm and the
light-pulser was adjusted to his brain-wave pattern.

It had been nothing like this his first time. Then it had required
months of mental training, followed by crude mechanical and drug
hypnosis for other months. Somewhere in every human brain lay the memory
of what his cells had been like when he was young. Or perhaps it lay in
the cells themselves, with the brain as only a linkage to it. They’d
discovered that, and the fact that the mind could effect physical
changes in the body. Even such things as cancer could be willed out of
existence—provided the brain could be reached far below the conscious
level and forced to operate.

There had been impossible faith cures for millenia—cataracts removed
from blinded eyes within minutes, even—but finding the mechanism in the
brain that worked those miracles had taken an incredible amount of study
and finding a means of bringing it under control had taken even longer.

Now they did it with dozens of mechanical aids in addition to the
hypnotic instructions—and did it usually in a single sitting, with the
full transformation of the body taking less than a week after the
treatment!

But with all the equipment, it wasn’t impossible for a mistake to
happen. It had been no fault of his ... he was sure of that ... his mind
was easy to reach ... he could relax so easily....

He came out of it without even a headache, while they were removing the
probes, but the fatigue on the operator’s face told him it had been a
long and difficult job. He stretched experimentally, with the eternal
unconscious expectation that he would find himself suddenly young again.
But that, of course, was ridiculous. It took days for the mind to work
on all the cells and to repair the damage of time.

                  *       *       *       *       *

COBB LED him back to the first office, where he was given an injection
of some kind and another sample of his blood was taken, while the
earlier tests were repeated. But finally the doctor nodded.

“That’s all for now, Mr. Giles. You might drop in tomorrow morning,
after I’ve had a chance to complete my study of all this. We’ll know by
then whether you’ll need more treatment. Ten o’clock okay?”

“But I’ll be all right?”

Cobb smiled the automatic reassurance of his profession. “We haven’t
lost a patient in two hundred years, to my knowledge.”

“Thanks,” said Giles. “Ten o’clock is fine.”

Dubbins was still waiting, reading a paper whose headlined feature
carried a glowing account of the discovery of the super-light missile
and what it might mean. He took a quick look at Giles and pointed to it.
“Great work, Mr. Giles. Maybe we’ll all get to see some of those other
worlds yet.” Then he studied Giles more carefully. “Everything’s in good
shape now, sir?”

“The doctor says everything’s going to be fine,” Giles answered.

It was then he realized for the first time that Cobb had said no such
thing. A statement that lightning had never struck a house was no
guarantee that it never would. It was an evasion meant to give such an
impression.

The worry nagged at him all the way back. Word had already gone around
the club that he’d had some kind of attack and there were endless
questions that kept it on his mind. And even when it had been covered
and recovered, he could still sense the glances of the others, as if he
were Vincenti in one of the man’s more morose moods.

He found a single table in the dining room and picked his way through
the meal, listening to the conversation about him only when it was
necessary because someone called across to him. Ordinarily, he was quick
to support the idea of clubs in place of private families. A man here
could choose his group and grow into them. Yet he wasn’t swallowed by
them, as he might be by a family. Giles had been living here for nearly
a century now and he’d never regretted it. But tonight his own group
irritated him.

He puzzled over it, finding no real reason. Certainly they weren’t
forcing themselves on him. He remembered once when he’d had a cold,
before they finally licked that; Harry had been a complete nuisance,
running around with various nostrums, giving him no peace. Constant
questions about how he felt, constant little looks of worry—until he’d
been ready to yell at the boy. In fact, he had.

Funny, he couldn’t picture really losing his temper here. Families did
odd things to a man.

                  *       *       *       *       *

HE LISTENED to a few of the discussions after the dinner, but he’d heard
them all before, except for one about the super-speed drive, and there
he had no wish to talk until he could study the final report. He gave up
at last and went to his own suite. What he needed was a good night’s
sleep after a little relaxation.

Even that failed him, though. He’d developed one of the finest chess
collections in the world, but tonight it held no interest. And when he
drew out his tools and tried working on the delicate, lovely jade for
the set he was carving his hands seemed to be all thumbs. None of the
other interests he’d developed through the years helped to add to the
richness of living now.

He gave it up and went to bed—to have the fragment of that song pop into
his head. Now there was no escaping it. Something about the years—or was
it days—dwindling down to something or other.

Could they really dwindle down? Suppose he couldn’t rejuvenate all the
way? He knew that there were some people who didn’t respond as well as
others. Sol Graves, for instance. He’d been fifty when he finally
learned how to work with the doctors and they could only bring him back
to about thirty, instead of the normal early twenties. Would that reduce
the slice of eternity that rejuvenation meant? And what had happened to
Sol?

Or suppose it wasn’t rejuvenation, after all; suppose something had gone
wrong with him permanently?

He fought that off, but he couldn’t escape the nagging doubts at the
doctor’s words.

He got up once to stare at himself in the mirror. Ten hours had gone by
and there should have been some signs of improvement. He couldn’t be
sure, though, whether there were or not.

He looked no better the next morning when he finally dragged himself up
from the little sleep he’d managed to get. The hollows were still there
and the circles under his eyes. He searched for the gray in his hair,
but the traitorous strands had been removed at the doctor’s office and
he could find no new ones.

He looked into the dining room and then went by hastily. He wanted no
solicitous glances this morning. Drat it, maybe he should move out.
Maybe trying family life again would give him some new interests. Amanda
probably would be willing to marry him; she’d hinted at a date once.

He stopped, shocked by the awareness that he hadn’t been out with a
woman for....

He couldn’t remember how long it had been. Nor why.

“In the spring, a young man’s fancy,” he quoted to himself, and then
shuddered.

It hadn’t been that kind of spring for him—not this rejuvenation nor the
last, nor the one before that.

                  *       *       *       *       *

GILES TRIED to stop scaring himself and partially succeeded, until he
reached the doctor’s office. Then it was no longer necessary to frighten
himself. The wrongness was too strong, no matter how professional Cobb’s
smile!

He didn’t hear the preliminary words. He watched the smile vanish as the
stack of reports came out. There was no nurse here now. The machines
were quiet—and all the doors were shut.

Giles shook his head, interrupting the doctor’s technical jargon. Now
that he knew there was reason for his fear, it seemed to vanish, leaving
a coldness that numbed him.

“I’d rather know the whole truth,” he said. His voice sounded dead in
his ears. “The worst first. The rejuvenation...?”

Cobb sighed and yet seemed relieved. “Failed.” He stopped, and his hands
touched the reports on his desk. “Completely,” he added in a low,
defeated tone.

“But I thought that was impossible!”

“So did I. I wouldn’t believe it even yet—but now I find it isn’t the
first case. I spent the night at Medical Center going up the ranks until
I found men who really know about it. And now I wish I hadn’t.” His
voice ran down and he gathered himself together by an effort. “It’s a
shock to me, too, Mr. Giles. But—well, to simplify it, no memory is
perfect—even cellular memory. It loses a little each time. And the
effect is cumulative. It’s like an asymptotic curve—the further it goes,
the steeper the curve. And—well, you’ve passed too far.”

He faced away from Giles, dropping the reports into a drawer and locking
it. “I wasn’t supposed to tell you, of course. It’s going to be tough
enough when they’re ready to let people know. But you aren’t the first
and you won’t be the last, if that’s any consolation. We’ve got a longer
time scale than we used to have—but it’s in centuries, not in eons. For
everybody, not just you.”

It was no consolation. Giles nodded mechanically. “I won’t talk, of
course. How—how long?”

Cobb spread his hands unhappily. “Thirty years, maybe. But we can make
them better. Geriatric knowledge is still on record. We can fix the
heart and all the rest. You’ll be in good physical condition, better
than your grandfather—”

“And then....” Giles couldn’t pronounce the words. He’d grown old and
he’d grow older. And eventually he’d die!

An immortal man had suddenly found death hovering on his trail. The
years had dwindled and gone, and only a few were left.

He stood up, holding out his hand. “Thank you, Doctor,” he said, and was
surprised to find he meant it. The man had done all he could and had at
least saved him the suspense of growing doubt and horrible eventual
discovery.

                  *       *       *       *       *

OUTSIDE ON the street, he looked up at the Sun and then at the buildings
built to last for thousands of years. Their eternity was no longer a
part of him.

Even his car would outlast him.

He climbed into it, still partly numbed, and began driving mechanically,
no longer wondering about the dangers that might possibly arise. Those
wouldn’t matter much now. For a man who had thought of living almost
forever, thirty years was too short a time to count.

He was passing near the club and started to slow. Then he went on
without stopping. He wanted no chance to have them asking questions he
couldn’t answer. It was none of their business. Dubbins had been
kind—but now Giles wanted no kindness.

The street led to the office and he drove on. What else was there for
him? There, at least, he could still fill his time with work—work that
might even be useful. In the future, men would need the super-light
drive if they were to span much more of the Universe than now. And he
could speed up the work in some ways still, even if he could never see
its finish.

It would be cold comfort but it was something. And he might keep busy
enough to forget sometimes that the years were gone for him.

Automatic habit carried him through the office again, to Amanda’s desk,
where her worry was still riding her. He managed a grin and somehow the
right words came to his lips. “I saw the doctor, Amanda, so you can stop
figuring ways to get me there.”

She smiled back suddenly, without feigning it. “Then you’re all right?”

“As all right as I’ll ever be,” he told her. “They tell me I’m just
growing old.”

This time her laugh was heartier. He caught himself before he could echo
her mirth in a different voice and went inside where she had the coffee
waiting for him.

Oddly, it still tasted good to him.

The projection was off, he saw, wondering whether he’d left it on or
not. He snapped the switch and saw the screen light up, with the people
still in the odd, wheelless vehicle on the alien planet.

                  *       *       *       *       *

FOR A long moment, he stared at the picture without thinking, and then
bent closer. Harry’s face hadn’t changed much. Giles had almost
forgotten it, but there was still the same grin there. And his
grandchildren had a touch of it, too. And of their grandfather’s nose,
he thought. Funny, he’d never seen even pictures of his other
grandchildren. Family ties melted away too fast for interstellar travel.

Yet there seemed to be no slackening of them in Harry’s case, and
somehow it looked like a family, rather than a mere group. A very
pleasant family in a very pleasant world.

He read Harry’s note again, with its praise for the planet and its
invitation. He wondered if Dr. Vincenti had received an invitation like
that, before he left. Or had he even been one of those to whom the same
report had been delivered by some doctor? It didn’t matter, but it would
explain things, at least.

Twenty years to Centaurus, while the years dwindled down—

Then abruptly the line finished itself. “The years dwindle down to a
precious few....” he remembered. “A precious few.”

Those dwindling years had been precious once. He unexpectedly recalled
his own grandfather holding him on an old knee and slipping him candy
that was forbidden. The years seemed precious to the old man then.

Amanda’s voice came abruptly over the intercom. “Jordan wants to talk to
you,” she said, and the irritation was sharp in her voice. “He won’t
take no!”

Giles shrugged and reached for the projector, to cut it off. Then, on
impulse, he set it back to the picture, studying the group again as he
switched on Jordan’s wire.

But he didn’t wait for the hot words about whatever was the trouble.

“Bill,” he said, “start getting the big ship into production. I’ve found
a volunteer.”

He’d been driven to it, he knew, as he watched the man’s amazed face
snap from the screen. From the first suspicion of his trouble, something
inside him had been forcing him to make this decision. And maybe it
would do no good. Maybe the ship would fail. But thirty years was a
number a man could risk.

If he made it, though....

Well, he’d see those grandchildren of his this year—and Harry. Maybe
he’d even tell Harry the truth, once they got done celebrating the
reunion. And there’d be other grandchildren. With the ship, he’d have
time enough to look them up. Plenty of time!

Thirty years was a long time, when he stopped to think of it.

                                                         —LESTER DEL REY

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                           Transcriber’s Note


Italicized phrases are presented by surrounding the text with
_underscores_.

This etext was produced from Galaxy January 1956. Extensive research did
not uncover any evidence that the U.S. copyright on this publication was
renewed.

The cover belongs to the entire publication, and does not particularly
relate to this etext.

Minor changes in presentation have been made from the layout of the
original paper publication.

Punctuation has been normalized. Variations in hyphenation have been
retained as they were in the original publication. The following assumed
printer's errors were corrected:

possitively —> positively

He’d developed one the finest —> He’d developed one of the finest





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Dwindling Years, by Lester Del Rey

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE DWINDLING YEARS ***

***** This file should be named 50103-0.txt or 50103-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/0/1/0/50103/

Produced by Greg Weeks, Carolyn Jablonski, Adam Buchbinder
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

