



A Lifetime Confidant - makjangnoona - Mo Dao Zu Shi - Mo Xiang
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A Lifetime Confidant
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/22307815.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù, 陈情令 | The Untamed (TV)
Relationship:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī/Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn
Character:
Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Lán Yuàn | Lán Sīzhuī, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Lán Jǐngyí, Jiāng Yànlí, Jīn Líng | Jīn Rúlán, Jīn Zǐxuān, Wēn Níng | Wēn Qiónglín, Wēn Qíng, Luó "Mián Mián" Qīngyáng, Niè Huáisāng
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Fluff, Light Angst, Romance, Sweet, Alternate Universe - Teachers, Alternate Universe - Music, Oblivious Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, POV Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Supportive Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Internally Screaming Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín Needs a Hug, Jiāng Yànlí Lives, Slow Burn, Slow Romance, Pining, Mutual Pining, Happy Ending, Domestic Fluff, Slow Build, No Smut
Series:
Part 1 of
| Slowburn WangXian Modern AU |
Stats:

        Published: 2020-01-18
          Completed: 2020-06-28
          Chapters: 12/12
        Words: 47877
      

A Lifetime Confidant
by makjangnoona
Summary
Lan WangJi met Wei WuXian 13 years later since they lost each other in high school. Reconnecting on a music festival, they were slowly unraveling the feelings they secretly held for each other.***"Lan Zhan, is that you?"(Completed + Bonus Chapter)




One Step Two Steps
Chapter Notes
This is my first ever writing a fic... So criticism and advice are so welcomed /though don't be too harsh, I have weak heart when it comes to criticism (;ŏ﹏ŏ)/English is not my first language but I tried my very best with the grammars, tenses and dictions. ( ≧Д≦)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"So you will be coming with us in this year's Yiling Music Competition?"SiZhui lifted his head up from his music score to look at his teacher. The one he's looking at was sitting behind a guqin, still with an air of perfection. The man let a low "Mn" sound without tearing his gaze from the musical instrument in front of him."Well, I guess we can't sneak out after practice anymore..."A kid around SiZhui's age, wearing the same all-white uniform sighed, actually too loud to be unheard. SiZhui threw a sharp look at him and at the same time nudged his stomach with his elbow."JingYi!""Ah, did I say it out loud? S... Sorry, Teacher."JingYi pouted. The man in front of them still gave no response, sitting too still, like a perfectly carved statue. Gleam of sun lights grazed over his pale features.The man finally lifted his head from the classical instrument."We've finished today, you can go back to your room." He said stoically.JingYi shivered and SiZhui clashed both of his hands in front of him, making a big arched gesture with his limbs and bowed slightly."Sure. Thank you for today's lesson, WangJi-teacher."SiZhui was the class president. Quickly but still prim and proper, he went out of the class, followed meekly by JingYi and the rest of the class.Lan WangJi sat still, no intention of getting up whatsoever. His mind ran wildly, fingertips sat still on his guqin strings, mouth clenched slightly.He didn't like crowds.This year, the other teachers were busy and the one who should've supervise the kid on the competition fell ill. Having a great sense of responsibility he took the role as the teacher in charge of the competition. After all, he was the only music teacher the school had. But he was never interested in getting involved with other things other than teaching music.Lan WangJi thought he wasn't good with how to deal with teenagers. How to deal with their constant burst of energies. How to deal with their always positive ways of thinking. How to deal with their sudden change of mood. He had one before, dealing with a bright and always unexpected teenager. The one he always kept close in his heart, never once meant to be forgotten.But it had been long since he saw that face. The face of a person that constantly knocked through his stone encaged self. The cage was finally open, and it opened wide, but the person who knocked was nowhere to be seen.Shaking his head then fixed his glasses, Lan WangJi finally stood up.It's been 13 years. But he still couldn't let go. He wouldn't.________________________________________The bus was full of chatters and laughters, kids chirping to each others like birds. Some of them looked too excited, some of them focused on which snacks they'll eat first, then one kid who was looking down on a stack of papers in his hand. SiZhui's brows furrowed."Do you think we've gone over this part yet?"He turned his head towards JingYi who sat beside him, currently trying to catch the snack he threw upwards with his mouth. It landed on his forehead and fell."SiZhui!! I almost got it!" He tried once again and smiled as he succeeded finally after so many tries. "What? What part? Come on, let's talk about it later. You're no fun, a bus trip shouldn't have been bothered with this kind of thing!"JingYi snatched the papers from SiZhui's hand and hide it between his back. SiZhui shook his head lightly and sighed. When he looked up, he saw Lan WangJi walked slowly towards them."Is everyone here?"He looked at SiZhui and then looked around, scanning the surrounding."Yes, Teacher. Everyone's here."SiZhui affirmed politely.Lan WangJi nodded his head slightly and pivoted on his heels, walking towards the front part of the bus. He bowed slightly while talking to the driver. Soon after, the bus made slight movement and in no time, they departed to Yiling.Few hours later, the vast road became smaller as they entered the crowded part of Yiling. Yiling Music Competition was held somewhere in autumn, cold breeze could be felt through the opened windows. People were all wearing scarfs, jackets, long coats but it didn't seem like they're bothered by the cold at all. They were bustling through the stalls, some still unopened since the opening was somewhere around 3 in the evening. It's still noon when they arrived.The bus came to a halt as they reached a makeshift parking lot on the south part of Yiling Central Park. Lan WangJi thought to check the place first before they went to their hotel since the way to the hotel passed the park. Excited students jumped out of the bus, was about to scramble themselves when SiZhui reminded them that Lan WangJi wouldn't like it if they couldn't behave themselves. Some students sighed and follow SiZhui's order.At last Lan WangJi stepped out of the bus. He wore a white long coat that reached his knee, with a thick white turtleneck sweater inside, paired with white, still perfectly ironed, trouser. He didn't seem like he was on 4 hours journey from Gusu to Yiling. Always perfect, always pristine, with untouchable airs surrounding him."Let's check the stage first."He took another step."Don't stray around."Lined up behind him, the kids were all following him in a mannerly order, like ducklings following their mother. SiZhui followed closely behind him, dragging JingYi whose eyes constantly moving here and there checking out things. Beside the two, there were nine other kids, all dressed in white uniforms, characteristics of Cloud Recess Private Highschool. From afar they looked like clouds floating down the ground, a bit contrasting to the colorful vibe of the festival.Their appearances always made some heads turned around to see them. After all, when else can you see a groups of good looking people all in immaculate white, strode casually through the crowds? Most people already thought that the groups of teenagers were all good looking, but when they get to see the man who lead them all, most of them couldn't take their gazes off.Girls, women and men were all infatuated by how unreal Lan WangJi looked. Pale skin made paler wrapped in white. His face, albeit looking stoic, oozed charisma. Perfectly carved nose and lip plastered on his face, with golden pair of eyes behind the glasses. People stopped on their steps to admire the beauty. Though actually, the object of those fascination didn't seem to realize it as he kept on marching forward in steady pace.They arrived at the north part of the park, the place where the main stage was located. It was a big stage and maybe could hold up to 30 people onstage. Lan WangJi observed carefully. He asked SiZhui and fellow other students to check the stage, would it be enough for eleven people with their guqins, flutes, harps and pianos. They'll perform the day after tomorrow as music competition was held on the final day of the festival.With the students now scattered around surveying the place that they would use on later days, Lan WangJi strolled around to check if there were any food or drink stalls nearby incase the kids gets hungry or thirsty on the competition day. He walked northwest, the right side from the stage. Some stalls were still closed, some were already packed with customers. Nodding, he pulled his phone and took pictures of the stalls around to check later for their hygienes and nutritions. He couldn't feed the kids random foods after all. Cloud Recess' dorms always had their own menus, all meticulously prepared with nutritional balance.He was in the midst of walking back to the main stage as he heard faint melodies, a bit far but still clear and he wouldn't mistake it.His steps halted immediately._________________________________________
Somewhere in 2007
"Lan Zhan!!"Hearing his name being called by that particular person, Lan WangJi hurried his steps. Always so noisy, so full of himself, boring. That was how he described that particular person in his head. He clenched his fist and walked through the school's corridor even faster.Not getting any response from the person whose name he called, Wei WuXian ran after him, laughter filling in the air."Hahahaha, Lan Zhan, I know you hear me! That's why you walked like someone who's holding his bladder." Wei WuXian was now following closely behind him, smile plastered all over his face. "Lan Zhan, I never knew you could walk this fast. Do you really need to pee?""Shameless."Wei WuXian chuckled at that response, he expected that. "Maybe I should make a bet with Jiang Cheng on how many times I can make you say 'shameless' to me." As he finished saying that, Wei WuXian hugged Lan WangJi's right arm."Wei Ying!" Lan WangJi shoved Wei WuXian's arm almost instantly after they made contact. His brows knitted slightly. He... didn't like physical touch.Seeing that big response, Wei WuXian's smile grew even wider. "Lan Zhan, that's so mean of you. We're friends aren't we? Why can't we hold hands?" He was about to hook an arm around Lan WangJi again but the other person reacted faster. Lan WangJi swiftly took a step backwards.His stoic and calm demeanor was back, but still with a glint of redness on the tip of his ear."Not friends."Holding his stomach laughing, Wei WuXian walked closer. "If we're not friends, then what are you? My husband? Hahahahaha sorry Lan Zhan, you're too funny." His laughter filled the quiet corridor.The redness spread wider on Lan WangJi's ear. "Sham-""Shameless, shameless, yes I know I'm shameless. Hahahahaha, how come you're so predictable?"Lan WangJi took a deep breath, trying to calm his heart that was beating too fast, due to anger. A Lan family descendants shouldn't be getting angered easily. But this person in front of him, always made his head hot and his heart thumping madly. He's too annoying. But Lan WangJi wouldn't let it get to him."What do you want?""You."Lan WangJi froze."Hahahahahahhahahah, Lan Zhan, I really can't help but tease you!" Wei Wuxian wiped a tear from the corner of his eyes due to his constant laughing."...""But really I wanted you. I need your help with Literature. Pleaseee? Lan QiRen would give me an F if I fail this test again." Wei WuXian scanned Lan WangJi's face. It's a 'no' face. Mustering his best smile, like a beam of sunlight, he continued to beg Lan WangJi,"Come on, Lan Zhan, I only ask this because you're the best in Lit, I'm excellent at Maths, Physics, Chems... But Literature is.... How come Lan QiRen always give me an F for my assignments?" Wei WuXian rubbed his own nose with his index finger. "Or maybe I shouldn't have made an entire essay about rabbit mating season. Do I? Anyway, help this poor boy, eh?""No." It didn't even take a good minute of thinking for him to answer."Lan Zhan, you-"Wei WuXian didn't finish his words when he heard someone called his name from behind."Wei WuXian? Why are you still here?"A dainty voice came behind him."Mianmian! You're still in school too, so why did you ask me why am I here? Hahaha."Mianmian smiled, along with the three other girls behind her. They're all seemed like they're somehow in a daze. That's how Wei WuXian's smile affected people. Though he's not as much of a beauty as the polished jade Lan WangJi, Wei WuXian was above average too in terms of look. His face exuded masculinity, but his demeanor exuded charms and friendliness. Depending on the lights, sometimes his big eyes would look greyish, his nose was sharp, accompanied by lips that always curved upwards. He's also one of the brightest students in Cloud Recess along with Lan WangJi. Hence, those features combined, would make lots of girls flocked around him.Mianmian flushed, flustered. "Ah, yes, we just finished our dance club practice and were going to our dorms." Sudden light flashed his mind. With a tone full of hope he asked,"Mianmian, you got A for your last Lit test right? I remembered cause it was just you and Lan Zhan. Can you help me with my Lit assignments? It's due the day after tomorrow but I'm stuck..."He walked closer to Mianmian."This person behind me didn't even hesitate to reject my plea. And I think I can learn better if I'm being taught by a pretty face. So what do you say, Mianmian?"Mianmian was about to answer when a low voice suddenly heard. Not that loud and sounded hesitant. As if the person who said that didn't believe it came out of him either.Wei WuXian turned his head back towards Lan WangJi, whose ears were now burning red. "Lan Zhan, what did you say?""I'll do it. Tomorrow. 4 pm. Library."Almost running again, twice on this day, Lan WangJi strode off the scene with quickened steps, leaving confused Wei WuXian and Mianmian.Wei WuXian smiled. Wide."Sorry Mianmian, I think we need to postpone our date."And he ran off, chasing Lan WangJi, again, twice on this day._________________________________________



Chapter End Notes
So... How was it? I hope it doesn't disappoint you too much (｡•́︿•̀｡)WangXian is my holy ship. I tried my best to write this and to picture them as close to their true characters. And I have planned to make the timeline (mostly) in present with some snippets of their highschool pasts :3This has multiple chapters, I already have the storyboard to the ending but I still don't know how many chaps it will take.Thanks for reading! (っ.❛ ᴗ ❛.)っ


Until We Meet Again
Chapter Summary
That evening, they parted ways again. But this time, they get to say "See you later" to each other. They knew, that it wouldn't be the last time they met again. With contentment filling both of them, they walked their own paths.
Chapter Notes
So... This chapter is longer than the first one... Bear with me (-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩___-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩)I want to describe their first reunion in details so... It's a bit long heheThere will be some flashback but I'll make sure that you will notice ～(つˆДˆ)つ｡☆

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





The white flower waited for the black butterfly to visit

Wearing thorns it stood tall, surrounded by all, wounded some and fall

A
white flower, couldn't walk and couldn't talk






A black butterfly passed by, wings so wide it fluttered


Avoiding the thorns, the butterfly kissed it's petals


The flower promised that it would never wilt

Lan WangJi chanted those lyrics over and over again in his head. He didn't hear it wrong. It was impossible for it to be a mistake. He was not hallucinating. That person... is here.
Following the direction where the sound came, it gradually got louder, so as his own heartbeat.
His steps was hesitant. What if it's not him? What if it's someone else. But... What if... It's really him...
As he walked, the crowd grew denser, with their backs facing him. Now that he stood closely behind those people, he could hear it clearly. The voice was clear, smooth, velvety, with airs of sincerity. A voice so familiar to him. A voice he thought he would never hear again. Not until now.
The way that person pronounced each lyrics was tugging at his heart.
Lan WangJi stood still behind the crowd. He didn't dare to lift his head up. Both of his fists clenched so hard that the knuckles turned white. Was he ready to see that face again? The one he never intended to forget but never expected to see again. His right hand trembled a little, fixing his glass, then slowly lifted his head up.
"Wei Ying."
He whispered to himself. It's been thirteen years since he said that name. The name felt strange but familiar at the same time. Though at this moment, he wanted to repeat that name over and over again.
On the small stage, somewhat of a side stage of the festival, there stood Wei WuXian.
Wearing plain black T-shirt, tucked in loosely on his jeans, which wrapped perfectly around his legs. His hair was tied in a loose knot, some strands fell off on his face. Small beads of sweat decorated his forehead, must have been the energy, the liveliness, as the air around them now were cold. Though signs of maturity had graced his face ever so slightly, he's still as effervescent as ever. With his slender fingers strumming the guitar hanging from his shoulder, Wei WuXian smiled blindingly towards the audience. It was the same, the same face Lan WangJi knew thirteen years ago.
His heart stopped.
Only to beat abruptly again, two times faster than before.
Things were flashing through Lan WangJi's mind. The song, Wei WuXian's voice, hair, face, presence. Wei WuXian. Wei Ying.
The song was getting closer to the ending. He knew it phrase by phrase.

And as the rain falls, the flower stands still


And as the rain falls, the butterfly stay still


And in the storm and under the blazing sun


Together they can make it all

Wei WuXian closed his eyes. Smile plastered on his face. He didn't remember when did he get the inspiration to write the song, but now the words and melodies rolled through his mind effortlessly.
It was a brief moment of silence after the song ended, before the crowds even started clapping, that a shouting voice was heard, all heads turned, looking for the source of the sound. Wei WuXian's eyelids batted and he too, looked for what was the cause of the commotion.
"WangJi-teacher? Teacher? Where are you? We've finished checking the stage but you were nowhere to be found!"
JingYi shouted through the crowds, so uncharacteristically of a Cloud Recess student. SiZhui reprimanded him, "JingYi, no need to shout."
"Yeah, and we'll only find him later when it's dark!"

WangJi? Lan WangJi?

Wei WuXian opened his eyes wider. In a rush, he unhooked his guitar from his shoulder, throwing his guitar away. Luckily, though caught off guard, Wen Ning's swift movement caught the guitar in no time. Mouth gaping, he looked at the rest of the band members who shook their heads, seemed as confirming that they're as clueless as Wen Ning could be.

Lan WangJi? In Yiling? Why?

He leaped off the stage, not even caring to use the steps. Glimmer of happiness and hopes and a bit of uncertainty were all visible in his eyes. Wei WuXian walked through the crowd, stepped as wide as his legs could cover, casually throwing some apologies as he bumped with people on his way. He didn't know what he's expecting, he wasn't even sure if it was that Lan WangJi. Though the probability was small, it's still not impossible that the person he was looking for, was not that person. His patience grew shorter and he ran through the crowd.
Meanwhile, Lan WangJi was still in a haze when he realized that the person whose name was shouted was his. He turned back and tried to get out of the crowd. He wasn't even aware that he had walked far into the crowd compared to when he first got there. A sense of guilt passed through him. How could he forget that he was here to supervise the kids? He walked rapidly to the rim of the crowd.
Once he got out from the pool of humans, SiZhui spotted him in no time. After all, if it wasn't for how crowded the place had become, it won't be too hard to look for Lan WangJi. Just look for someone tall, handsome looking, dressed in all white, and it's all set to find him.
"Teacher!" SiZhui ran towards him. His face was a bit red from the cold. Lan WangJi's heart winced a little.
"Don't run," Lan WangJi's tone was cold, but he added, "you'll hurt yourself."
SiZhui raised both corners of his mouth, smiling. "Ah, yes, Teacher. We didn't know that you'll be in the midst of the crowd. We thought you didn't like being around lots of people so..." SiZhui hesitated.
Yes. He still didn't like crowds. But then, he had to be there. He had to.
"Mn. Sorry for leaving without notice." His voice was stern. "Gather everyo-"
"Lan Zhan?"
__________________________________________

The next day in 2007

Pleading with both palms attached against each other, Wei WuXian's voice resounded throughout the quiet library.
"Lan Zhan, sorry I'm late. I was already on my way but Jiang Cheng and Nie Hua-"
"Sit."
Lan WangJi didn't even leave his gaze from the book he was reading. Wei WuXian complied immediately, dragging his chair carelessly on purpose that it made screeching sound. Wincing, Lan WangJi finally lifted his head, giving Wei WuXian a sharp stare.
"Sit quietly."
Smirking, Wei WuXian prepped his head on one hand. "Being loud was the only way to get you to look at me, what else can I do? Hahahaha." Wei Wuxian crept his idle hand, the one that wasn't used to support his head, towards Lan WangJi who sat in front of him. He snatched the book from Lan WangJi's loose grip quickly.
"Wei Ying."
Lan WangJi raised his voice slightly, though, still emotionless compared to how a normal person would react. Wei WuXian pretended he didn't hear anything and constantly flipping the book back and forth. Turning the book around excessively.
"The History of Music? Wow! Never knew someone as rigid as you would love something as melodious as music." Wei WuXian winked, lips curving upwards. Lan WangJi stirred unnoticeably on his seat.
"..."
Wei WuXian carefully placed the book back to Lan WangJi's side, opening it down to the page he was reading. "So... Do you really like music? Do you write your own song?" His tone was playful, but sincere.
"Mn."
"Aiya, finally something unexpected from you! Hahahaha!" Wei WuXian brought his palm to his mouth to stiffle a laugh. "Will you let me listen to it? You will right? Right, Lan Zhan?"
Lan WangJi clenched his jaw. "Never."
Furrowing his brow, Wei WuXian protested, "Aren't you being too mean?". Wei WuXian continued with a smirk, "Or... Do you want me to kneel and beg you for it?"
"Sha-" He stopped. "Utterly shameless."
The smirk on Wei WuXian's face disappeared, replaced by a wide grin, and soon after he collapsed from laughing.
"Hahahahah, Lan Zhan! What should I do with you?" Wei WuXian held his stomach with his left hand, the right hand continuously slapping his own knee. "You're so predictable yet so unpredictable. What are you? Hahahahah. It's always so funny with you!"
Redness crept up Lan WangJi's ear quickly. "Be quiet. This is a library."
Wei WuXian fixed his posture almost immediately. He was afraid that Lan QiRen would somehow magically appeared from the shelves. His smile was still hanging from ear to ear when he looked at Lan WangJi. Lan WangJi rarely showed any emotions or reactions, so one of Wei WuXian's biggest hobby and interest is... Seeing another side of Lan WangJi, an exciting challenge.
"Copy this." Lan WangJi slided a notebook to Wei WuXian.
Wei WuXian took it, scrunched his face and eyes, reading the row of words. "What's this?" He slammed the book to the table, feeling dejected.
"Outlines for how to write an essay."
Smiling, Wei WuXian's eyes glimmered. "You wrote this for me??"
Lan WangJi eyelashes fluttered slightly, "Mn."
"Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan, what am I gonna do without you? Hahaha."
With that, Wei WuXian took his own note, copying and teasing Lan WangJi in between. Though the latter was too focused on his own book to respond. Time passed and the sun was almost setting when Lan WangJi thought it was way too quiet. He closed the book and saw that Wei WuXian's head was already resting on his notebook, his eyes shut completely. Flinching, Wei WuXian rustled in his sleep. Seeing that, Lan WangJi got up quietly and made his way beside Wei WuXian's seat.
The sun was about to set but some of the sunlight crept through the windows, falling exactly on Wei WuXian's face. Lan WangJi extended one of his hand, his palm hovered above Wei WuXian's face, forming a shade so that his face was shielded from the sun. He stayed like that for an hour.
"Lan Zhan..."
Wei WuXian murmured in his sleep. Lan WangJi, though he barely made any movement in the first place, froze.
__________________________________________
"Lan Zhan, is that you?"
Lan WangJi's body halted completely. In this entire world, there were only two people who called him by that name. His mother and that person. Mustering all of the courage he had, he turned around to see the owner of the voice behind him.
And there he was. Wei WuXian smiled, so bright that Lan WangJi's heart stirred. It was a smile he thought he would never see again. But now, that very smile was so close in his proximity.
"It's really you! Lan Zhan!" Wei WuXian grabbed one of Lan WangJi's hand. Still the same as always, so touchy with other people. Though he was oblivious of how his action would make the other person feel. Lan WangJi could feel his heart rambled. But he didn't take his hand off.
"Wei Ying."
Still holding Lan WangJi's hand, he swayed it left and right. "What a surprise seeing you here! What are you doing in Yiling anyway?" Then he stopped the swaying but still hold Lan WangJi's hand tight with both of his hands.
Lan WangJi didn't answer but nodded towards the kids direction, all of them were already flocking around him.
"Ah, Teacher is here to accompany us for the competition." SiZhui answered without being asked.
"Wow, you become a teacher, Lan Zhan? Hahahahaha that really suits you!" Wei WuXian chuckled and continued, "but aren't you too scary to be a teacher?"
It was all weird that how thirteen years didn't seem to pass on their time line. How Wei WuXian held his hand just after they met again. How Wei WuXian still found it amusing to tease Lan WangJi. How it all felt too familiar even after more than a decade has passed. Now they're already on their early thirties but their feelings they all held when they were teenagers had never disappeared.
"He's not scary at all!" JingYi interrupted, he felt the need to emphasize that even though Lan WangJi was cold, he was never scary.
"Aiya, now all your kids are attacking me. Protect me, Lan Zhan, I'm scared." Wei WuXian grabbed Lan WangJi's hand tighter, playfully. While on the other hand, Lan WangJi fought hard on his own, not to grab Wei WuXian's hand too.
"Wei Ying."
Wei WuXian noticed he was still holding Lan WangJi's hand. In a rush, he released it, and rubbed his own palms together nervously. "S- Sorry, Lan Zhan, I was just happy to see you."
"It's fine."
It's truly fine, Lan WangJi thought to himself.
Wei WuXian looked like he got something in his mind. "Anyway, it's a bit past three now. Have you guys eaten yet? I know a good place just a few blocks from here."
Wei WuXian didn't know nor didn't he understand himself, why would he suddenly say that to a person he just met after a long time, but he didn't want to part with Lan WangJi yet.
Hearing that, JingYi coughed, unnaturally loud. "I am..." still coughing, he continued, "hungry." SiZhui nudged him with his elbow, earning an ouch from JingYi.
Fixing his glasses, Lan WangJi hesitated. He raised his right hand and looked at his watch. It was indeed a bit past three, still some time before going back to the hotel. He nodded slightly.
Wei WuXian grinned. "Okay, wait a minute here. Don't go anywhere! I'm going to tell my friends that I'm leaving first." With that, Wei WuXian leaped back to the stage and indeed, barely a minute passed when he got back to Lan WangJi and the kids.
"Okay, let's go!"
Some walks later, they were already inside a traditional Chinese restaurant. Wei WuXian chose that place because it served spicy and non-spicy foods too. He remembered that Lan WangJi couldn't actually eat spicy things.
The restaurant was packed, maybe with the people from the festival too, but it wasn't so full that it would become uncomfortable. JingYi already found a seat for them, two tables for 11 people. He sat across SiZhui and one other disciple.
JingYi waved towards Lan WangJi. "Teacher! Here, here, I saved a seat for you!" The seat was beside him.
Lan WangJi hesitated.
"Tsk tsk tsk, you kids really don't know anything eh?" Wei WuXian walked with both of his hands placed behind him, theatrically trying to look arrogant. "I haven't met this person for a long time and you didn't even let me sit by him?"
Hearing that, JingYi pouted, stood up abruptly and shoved himself between SiZhui and the other junior across the table.
Wei WuXian smiled, "That's a good boy. Lan Zhan, you taught him well." Lan WangJi didn't respond and made his way to his seat. Wei WuXian soon plopped beside him, actually sitting too close, as the long bench could fit three people at once.
The waiter came and they placed their orders. Wei WuXian ordered all spicy foods while Lan WangJi and the juniors mostly order clear soups and plain foods. When the food arrived, the kids winced seeing how red Wei WuXian's plates were.
While they're still eating, JingYi observed the man beside his teacher carefully. They were like a complete opposite. His teacher, prim, proper, pristine like a heavenly being, while the one next to him had his hair carelessly tied, oversize black shirt hanging loosely, he could even see a small butterfly and flower tattoo on his wrist. How can they be friends? It was even a surprise that Lan WangJi knew someone like him. JingYi's curiosity got to him.
"So..." He swallowed his food quickly. "You were his high school friend? You went to Cloud Recess too?"
Wei WuXian looked surprised, small chuckles escaped him. "Hahaha, you don't believe me? What do you want me to do to prove it? Shall I recite all of the school rules? No running? No jumping around? Do you know why they added even more rules even when they already got tons of them?"
Lan WangJi placed his chopsticks down. "No talking while eating."
"But you just talked too, Lan Zhan, hahaha." Wei WuXian's laughter filled the room. Then he suddenly remembered something when laughing. "Ah, here, I know you love fish. I've took out all of the chilies." He placed the deboned and now plain fish on Lan WangJi's bowl. Lan WangJi ate it nonchalantly, as if it was usual for them to trade food.
JingYi, scrunched his eyes. He couldn't believe the sight. While in the same state of shock, or more appropriately described, amused, SiZhui just smiled looking at the two. But he couldn't hold his own curiosity too.
"Were you two close during high school?"
Lan WangJi trembled a little at that question. Were they? If they were, then why he didn't hear anything from Wei WuXian in a whole 13 years? If they didn't, then what was this feeling that jumbled here and there in his heart? There were hundreds of questions he wanted to ask. Why did he leave suddenly? Where was he all this time? He's in a band? Does he already have a family?
Wei WuXian poked him from the side, smiling playfully. "Were we? Hmmm, let me think first." He scratched his chin, trying his best to look like he was somewhat in a deep thought. "I guess there were lots of time that we were next to each other. Hahahaha, but he hated me."
Lan WangJi grimaced at the last sentence of Wei WuXian's words.
"I didn't hate you."
His word was firm, with no ounce of doubt in it. Wei WuXian immediately turned his head to Lan WangJi.
"Eh? Really? Then why do I only remember you running away and frowning whenever you saw me? Hahahahahahah, Lan Zhan, just admit it, you really didn't like me!"
"That's not true."
Wei WuXian poked Lan WangJi's arm again, with his shoulder, his face was beaming.
"Remember that time when..."
The kids all leaned their bodies forward, to hear Wei WuXian's story about Lan WangJi's teenager days. Lan WangJi constantly refuted some ridiculous thing Wei WuXian's spewed, JingYi continued to asked things in disbelief, SiZhui smiled through the whole banters. And then, the sun was about to set when they were done.
Lan WangJi paid for all the meals, including Wei WuXian's, earning protests from the latter.
"I will definitely pay you later!"
Wei WuXian continued to complain even when they were outside, walking along Lan WangJi who said nothing, the kids followed behind. They were all wondering and whispering to each other, why the hell does those two walked so slowly? It's not like the road was packed! In fact, there were only some people around.
"Where are you staying?" Wei WuXian broke the silence.
"Xiazhou Yiling Hotel."
Wei WuXian nodded again.
"How long are you staying?"
"Three days."
Suddenly Lan WangJi stopped on his way. He held out his phone and gave it to Wei WuXian. Confused, Wei WuXian took his phone and smiled. He fiddled a bit with the phone, then raised it above, leaned towards Lan WangJi and grinned.
"Smile!"

Click.

Lan WangJi was flustered. That wasn't what he meant.
"Done!" After all, it was only Wei WuXian who could thought of something that unexpected. The kids giggled behind them.
"Not that. Your number"
Wei WuXian opened his mouth, making soundless "Oh" sound. Smiling, he pressed his numbers and called his own number. He gave back Lan WangJi's phone and took out his own phone.
"Lan Zhan, look here, see how I saved your number!"
Lan WangJi turned his head. Click.
"Ah, you should have smiled a bit, Lan Zhan! But this is okay too." Wei WuXian saved it as Lan WangJi's display picture on his phone, then sighed. "How come you look good even when you're surprised? That's so unfair."
The tip of Lan WangJi's ear redden.
"Ridiculous."
"Hahahahahaha, you still don't change even now!"

You too.

That evening, they parted ways again. But this time, they get to say "See you later" to each other. They knew, that it wouldn't be the last time they met again. With contentment filling both of them, they walked their own paths.
__________________________________________






Chapter End Notes
How was it? ( ≧Д≦)I tried to make their reunion as heart fluttering as possible lol but it was hard. I tried my best! I smiled all the way of writing this... WangXian is just (๑´•.̫ • `๑)Lan WangJi missed Wei WuXian... I'll reveal bit by bit of how and why they didn't meet for 13 years on later chaps. And they definitely will meet again!Really, thank you so much for reading this and even leaving some response. Your comments mean so much for me! I'll try to update as soon and as often as possible. But well, I do have jobs and exams to take T^T Anyway, have a good day! (ʃƪ＾3＾）


Don't Catch A Cold
Chapter Summary
"Dress warmly, don't catch a cold."
Chapter Notes
Hey~First I want to make a disclaimer, that this work is all fictions and I'm not living in China so I kinda worked with my own imagination of how and where the places are located ｡:ﾟ(;´∩`;)ﾟ:｡And I don't know why my chapters are getting longer hahaha please bear with me (˘･_･˘)Oh and finally Wen Ning got some lines ლ(^o^ლ)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"I think you missed the tempo quite a lot, YiZhan." SiZhui, the most reliable one on their team, pointed things that must be perfected one by one. The student that got his name called nodded, raised his flute and practiced again, reading the notations carefully. "Guqin players please listen to others carefully, don't be too focused on your own part."The Yiling Music Competition was held for high school students all over the continent. They have to compose and arrange their performance alone. That's why Lan WangJi only sat and observed them from afar. He fully trusted SiZhui's ability to lead the group. After all, SiZhui was the best student of their year and all the other kids followed his commands willfully.But then there was Jingyi, he interrupted between SiZhui's orders. "SiZhui! We've been practicing for 4 hours! I'm hungry!" He pulled his fingers from the harp's strings, making a dramatic gesture of curling his hand, "my fingers are all numb, I think they might fell off one by one."They rented a studio near the hotel. Since the competition was only the day after, they had been catching up on their practices and hadn't been stopping since they started at 8 this morning. All the students looked parched and exhausted. SiZhui nodded and walked towards Lan WangJi, who sat across the room, reading a book and occasionally watching them or answering SiZhui's questions."Teacher, may we take a break? We've been practicing non stop since this morning."Lan WangJi closed his book, setting it aside. "Mn," he uncrossed his legs, took a vinyl bag from his side and gave it to SiZhui, "eat this first and distribute properly to the others."SiZhui's eyes opened wide. He couldn't believe his own eyes. The bag was full of sweets and snacks that weren't allowed at all in Cloud Recess. He took the bag carefully and looked at Lan WangJi nervously."Teacher, these are-"Lan WangJi stood up. "I'll go get the lunch."As Lan WangJi walked further, he could hear cheers emerged behind him, mixed with shouts of 'I want this' and 'That one is mine'. Opening the studio door, a small curve formed on the corner of his lips. Just a step outside the door, his phone rang. He stopped on the spot and took his phone anxiously. [   Wei Ying   ] Incoming call...He stared at the screen, more precisely, the name that appeared on his screen. Lan WangJi's mind fuzzed. Wei WuXian didn't contact him at all since they parted yesterday evening. He was too scared to text or call him first, afraid that his call or messages were unwanted. He didn't even know since when he became this kind of coward. His hand trembled a little as he slide the green button on his phone.
"Lan Zhan?"
Lan WangJi stood even straighter than he was before. If Wei WuXian could see how he looked at that moment, he surely would laugh at how serious Lan WangJi looked. But despite those furrowed brows, Lan WangJi was trying his best to keep his heart still."Mn.""What took you so long to answer? I thought you were going to hang up on me! Hahaha, oh, are you busy?"ILan WangJi shook his head, only then realized that Wei WuXian was not there to see it."I'm not.""Ahaha, that's good then." Wei WuXian's laughs and warmth spread over through the phone, he continued, "what are you doing now?"That question reminded Lan WangJi that the reason he walked out of the studio was to get the kids some lunch. Finally out of daze, he took a step forward and strolled slowly. "About to get some lunch for the kids. You know a good place?"
"Ah, I'm currently having my lunch too!"
Only then Lan WangJi realized that there was occasional munching sounds on the other end of the phone. He held the urge to tell Wei WuXian to stop talking when eating. But if he did that, then they had to end the call. So, Lan WangJi let it slide just like that.
"Where are you? So I could tell you some places near."
"Seven String Studio."
"Ah, near the hotel right? If you walk to the West side of the hotel, there will be lots of restaurants. Some of them even sell balanced nutritional foods."
Lan WangJi felt his heart stirred, Wei WuXian still remembered that Cloud Recess students always ate carefully calculated nutritional foods."Thanks." Lan WangJi didn't understand why, but he felt that his steps were lighter than usual, like he was barely floating on the ground. "What do you have for lunch?""Me?" Again, he could vividly imagine Wei WuXian munched and swallowed his food in a rush. Then he heard a cough through the phone. "Wait, Lan Zhan, I-"Lan WangJi knew Wei WuXian was choking on his food due to him eating carelessly.
"Hahahah, sorry for that, Lan Zhan. What was it? Ah, I just ate a hamburger. I had to get back to work in an hour and I am too lazy to go anywhere. This fast food restaurant is just across my office."
Lan WangJi twitched on his step. First, he didn't like the sound that Wei WuXian talked about eating fast foods like he casually ate it on a daily basis. Second, he wanted to know where Wei WuXian worked, his job, anything. But that could wait until Wei WuXian told him himself."Eat slowly so you won't choke on your food."Wei WuXian's laughter rang through the phone. "Hahahaha, I'm already finished! I meant, I wanted to talk to you. If I eat first then there won't be enough time for us to talk."He knew Wei WuXian was only teasing him, but the tip of his ear reddened uncontrollably. They talked all the way to the place where Wei WuXian had told Lan WangJi before, about the competitions, the kids, even about Yiling's cuisines. Lan WangJi stood before a restaurant, painted in green, with some words of 'the healthiest food you'll get in Yiling'. Of course, Lan WangJi would believe it."I've arrived."
"Oh?"
"They said they have the healthiest food in Yiling."He could hear Wei WuXian chuckled. "Ahahaha, of course, of course. Go do your things, I'll wait."Lan WangJi stepped inside the restaurant, scanned the menu and quickly ordered 12 portions of them. Luckily, he thought to himself, there weren't too many people in the restaurant. After about 15 minutes of waiting, which was pretty quick as he ordered large portions, Lan WangJi took the meals packed inside a big box. He set the box on a table, pulled a wireless ear piece and tucked it on his ear, took the box again and walked outside."Wei Ying."
"Yes I'm here, I'm here. Finished?"
"Mn. Going back to the studio."Lan WangJi steadied the box on his hands. It still felt surreal to him, that he talked to Wei WuXian as casually like this. They had been talking since he walked from the studio until he was on his way back. It was all strange yet he felt that it was all how it was supposed to be, them talking to each other."Ah, Lan Zhan, too bad that I have to get back to work soon." He could hear Wei WuXian's sigh and rustling sounds as Wei WuXian got up from his seat. "Yesterday I wanted to call you so much, but I was too tired and I fell asleep as soon as I saw my bed. I had work in the morning then the band then suddenly meeting you. Hahaha it all happened in a flash I thought I was dreaming. But now, we're talking so I guess I'm not dreaming."Again, for he didn't know how many times already in a day, Lan WangJi's heart skipped a bit. Wei WuXian wanted to call him."You're not."
"Hm?"
"You're not dreaming."If anyone who knew Lan WangJi personally could see his face right now, they might probably thought that something had possessed him. The curve that was shying away on his face had now come in a full display. He made his way back to the studio flying on his legs.__________________________________________
Just a day in 2007
"GO EAT ON YOUR OWN! I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOUR FACE!"Wei WuXian laughed out loud when Jiang Cheng threaten to throw his spoon towards him. The school cafeteria was packed as it was lunch time and Wei WuXian had just told the whole table that Jiang Cheng named his dogs as Jasmine and Princess. He leapt off the bench and walked with his tray of food. From afar, he could see one student sat alone on the end of the long table. He smirked and walked towards that student."Lan Zhan, do you always sit alone here?"Lan WangJi ignored him and continued to eat his own food. Casually picking off some chilies from his own plate. Wei WuXian smiled and put his tray on the table across Lan WangJi."You don't like chilies?"Again, Lan WangJi gave him no answer, not even looking up from his own tray. Wei WuXian fiddled with his own, carefully taking out chilies from his fish, separated the flesh from the bone, and placed it on Lan WangJi's tray. Lan WangJi snapped his head up and stared at Wei WuXian in disbelief."What are you trying to do?!"Wei WuXian's hand halted mid air. "Giving you food? Hey, I haven't touched the fish before. I even took out the chilies. Why are you so mad at me, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian pouted playfully and started taking out the chilies that had been set aside on Lan WangJi's tray. "In exchange, I'm taking all of these, hehe.""Ridiculous."Lan WangJi continued to eat his food. He felt a weird tingle in his chest. He always ate alone since no one ever dared to approach him. After all, aside from the fact that he was the quiet type, he was also the second heir of the Gusu Foundation and Company. But this boy in front of him seemed like he didn't care about all that.Still munching on his food, Wei WuXian asked, "Why do you eat alone?""I prefer to be alone.""Hahaha, that's nonsense! No one wants to be alone! That's it. From today on, I'll eat with you!" Wei WuXian gave him a big smile. So bright it blinded Lan WangJi's eyes."No need."But Lan WangJi didn't say anything more after that. He didn't know what's with the sudden warmth that suddenly crept slowly from his fingertips to his head. Unconsciously a smile formed on the corner of his lips and there's no way Wei WuXian let it escaped just like that."Eh? Lan Zhan, you smiled! You just smiled!"Lan WangJi quickly retracted his smile, back to his calm and unfazed demeanor."I didn't.""You did!""No.""Yes, you did! Hahaha."__________________________________________Darkness had already enveloped Yiling's sky. Lan WangJi and the kids already settled themselves on the hotel. Three and four kids in each rooms, while Lan WangJi got his own room. He had just washed his hair, the smell of shampoo spread around the room.Lan WangJi walked to the bed and took his phone from the night stand. He looked at it for a while, hesitating. But then his fingers had already pressed onto the screen.| Home? |Sent 19.02Lan WangJi waited. Not that long after his phone buzzed.[ Wei Ying ]| not yet, something happened lan zhan? |Received 19.05| It's nothing. |Sent 19.05Lan WangJi silently regretted his impulse of suddenly texting Wei WuXian when he had nothing to say.[ Wei Ying ]| eh? thats weird. i'm currently out with wen ning, wen qing and nie huaisang. remember thm lan zhan? |Received 19.09Of course he remembered them, they were their highschool classmates. So, Wei WuXian was still in contact with them? And not him. He could feel his heart dropped for a bit.| Yes. |Sent 19.10[ Wei Ying ]| are you free? come here, i'll text you the adress. it will be great if you cn come! |Received 19.11[ Wei Ying ]| This contact has sent you a shared location |Received 19.11Lan WangJi bolted off from his bed, hair still dripping. He didn't need anything else. Just that little invitation from Wei WuXian, a message that told him to take a step further in his life, was enough for Lan WangJi. He grabbed a white cloak from the hanger and put on a white shawl around his neck. On his way outside, he made a short visit to SiZhui's room to tell him that he was going to go out for a bit and if anything happened, he could message him. Then he rushed on his step and got himself in a taxi soon after.There were not that many people in the cafe that Wei WuXian had told him to come. Just some couples and small groups of people. Lan WangJi had just arrived but already felt slightly uncomfortable.It was actually a quite nice place. The ambience was good and calming, very well balanced with how earthy the tone of the place was. The place had wooden floor, tables and ornaments hanging on the wall. As Lan WangJi walked closer to the back of the cafe, the people who sat on the corner part of the place stirred."Eh, am I hallucinating? Are you seeing it too?" Nie HuaiSang tapped Wen Ning's shoulder repeatedly and then pointed his finger to Lan WangJi's direction.Wen Ning was surprised but followed his gaze. "No, you're not. I see him too. In fact, I might just had seen him yesterday."Nie HuaiSang's mouth gaped. "LAN WANGJI? WHAT IS HE DOING HERE? IS HE GOING TO PUNISH US TOGETHER? I DIDN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING?""What are you shouting for? Of course he's not. And again, how many years it's been since we graduated high school?" Wen Ning shook his head. He looked at Wen Qing who sat beside Wei WuXian. His sister said nothing.Hearing Nie HuaiSang mention Lan WangJi's name, Wei WuXian's eyes lighted up. He turned his body backwards and saw that a tall figure in white was walking towards them. Couldn't contain his excitement, he waved."Lan Zhan! Lan Zhan! Here!" Wei WuXian squealed.Wen Qing nudged him lightly. "Don't shout! It's embarassing. He certainly can see us." Wei WuXian just pouted and continued to move his arm in excitement. Lan WangJi got closer and closer and Wei WuXian's grin grew even wider. He dragged a chair from the table beside him and placed it to his right."Here, here, here! Sit here, Lan Zhan. You didn't reply my text so I thought you were not going to come."Nie HuaiSang's mouth parted wider hearing that both of them texted each other. He remembered that Wei WuXian told him he cut off contacts with Lan WangJi long time ago. Lan WangJi nodded to each of them. Wen Qing also gave him a small nod."Sooo.... What gets you here so suddenly, Lan WangJi?" Nie HuaiSang couldn't hold his curiosity anymore. Wen Ning was curious but he held the question to himself."I'm supervising the students for the competition tomorrow."Wen Ning blurted, "Ah, so that was really you yesterday.""Eh? You met him yesterday?" Nie HuaiSang looked at Wen Ning in disbelief."No, no, I didn't. But I heard someone called his name and Brother Wei just jumped off the stage." Wen Ning casted his head down and shrugged.Wei WuXian laughed. "Hahahaha, yes I met him already yesterday! You won't even believe me if I told you anyway, so now I give the proof to you in flesh."Lan WangJi stirred on his seat and muttered, "How are you guys doing?""We're good. Aside from the fact that A Ning and Wei WuXian constantly messing in a band and Nie HuaiSang being jobless, everything is pretty good."Lan WangJi looked across Wei WuXian towards the direction of the voice. "Wen Qing." He nodded again.Wen Qing returned the politeness with a smile.Wei WuXian leaned to Lan WangJi closer and whispered, "Lan Zhan, did you just wash your hair? It smells really good." Lan WangJi felt his heart thumped loudly.Surprisingly they got along well and in the next few hours, they talked about their high school days, how Wei WuXian always got punished and Nie HuaiSang smuggling adult books. There was a topic they constantly avoid and Lan WangJi understood that. They avoided talking about Wei WuXian's transfer to another school."Yeah, like you didn't remember you made your last girlfriend cried because you were not answering her messages."Wen Qing snapped at Wei WuXian, Wen Ning tried to stiffle a laugh while Nie HuaiSang burst out giggling. Lan WangJi froze on his seat."Hey, this is unfair. She was not my girlfriend! It was her who continued to pester me! I couldn't just reject her blatantly so I ignored her instead." Wei WuXian stole a glance towards Lan WangJi who was not looking at him, and muttered quietly while pouting, "I've never had a girlfriend."Nie HuaiSang slapped the table, still laughing, "Wei WuXian, you know that it's bullshit right? I remembered you constantly brag out that all girls laid their eyes on you soon after you worked in that company."Wei WuXian felt that all his friends were cornering him and he stood up abruptly. He looked at his watch dramatically and shouted, "OMG! It's almost 9! Lan Zhan has to go back! Aren't you, Lan Zhan? Come on, I'll drive you back.""He didn't say anything..." Wen Ning said matter of factly.Wei WuXian gave Lan WangJi a pleading look and Lan WangJi stood up immediately."It was nice meeting you but I have to go back."Ignoring the protest from the others, Wei WuXian shoved Lan WangJi to the door. Once outside, he sighed and stopped on his way. Lan WangJi stopped too."Lan Zhan, can you believe them? Cornering me like that with lies? I can't believe why am I still friends with them!"He smacked his forehead playfully then grinned at Lan WangJi. But Lan WangJi just stood there, eyes locked on the ground. Wei WuXian walked closer."So..." Lan WangJi paused, "you're not married."It wasn't even a question and Lan WangJi didn't even realize it slipped his tongue.Wei WuXian stared at Lan WangJi. "Hahaha, me? Of course I'm not! Hahahahah who would want to marry me anyway?"If not for how well he could held his own emotion, Lan WangJi was sure that by now, his face must had been blushing so bad."What about you? Got a pretty wife and little angels waiting in Gusu?" Wei WuXian asked, his tone was kind of wary. He didn't know what kind of answer to expect. Well, he would certainly be happy if a man as honest and sincere as Lan WangJi got himself a kind and beautiful wife."No."That answer was short and firm but Wei WuXian didn't know why he was utterly happy hearing that. Did that make him a bad friend? He shouldn't be happy hearing that. Shaking his head he hooked an arm around Lan WangJi's shoulder."Don't lose your spirit, you'll find someone one day. I don't understand though, why are we still single when we look this good, right Lan Zhan?"Lan WangJi didn't have answer for that. He simply walked along Wei WuXian to his car. Suddenly, a loud sneeze escaped Wei WuXian's mouth."Ah, sorry! It was a bit colder today, right?"Lan WangJi scanned Wei WuXian and only then realized that he only wear one layer of sweater again and no coats or jackets anywhere in sight. He fiddled with his shawl and wrapped it around Wei WuXian's neck. Wei WuXian blinked his eyes rapidly."Lan Zhan, why are y-""Dress warmly, don't catch a cold."Lan WangJi rushed forward leaving Wei WuXian behind. Still in daze, Wei WuXian inhaled Lan WangJi's scent that was left on the shawl, it was the smell of sandalwoods. Grinning, Wei WuXian shouted. "Wait, Lan Zhan, do you even know which one is my car?"Lan WangJi's ear had fully grown red when he halted his steps.__________________________________________



Chapter End Notes
So how was it?I was squealing when Lan WangJi gave Wei WuXian his shawl... But well, I'm the one who write it but let me just get mushy over my own fics (• ▽ •;)Oh and chapter 4 is coming out soon as I'm currently halfway writing it. Thanks for reading and for the response. Have a good day! (灬º‿º灬)♡


Under The Same Sky
Chapter Summary
Lan WangJi had to go back to Gusu but Wei WuXian promised to call him everyday... They had to part again but as long as they're still living under the same sky, they will meet again.
Chapter Notes
Hi! I planned to update this yesterday but I remembered that it was Lan WangJi's birthday so I had to write a birthday fic for him (♡ω♡ ) ~♪But then I stupidly deleted it without saving it first and I didn't have any backups so I had to write it again from scratch (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻You can read it under my works "Thank You for Being Born". It's basically just fluff (^～^;)ゞSo here's chapter four... Jiang Cheng, we missed you ⊂((・▽・))⊃

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Hello in 2007


"Pssst, you! Hey! You there, I know you can hear me!" Wei WuXian whispered loudly. "Hey, help me! Come on, pretty guy, look here I need your help!"
Lan WangJi had intended to ignore him completely but that insult got to his nerve. He was on his way to the class but still, he stopped and pivoted on his heel abruptly, looking for the noisy person. There he saw a boy, wearing the same uniform and was about the same age as him, tiptoed below a tree branch, sometimes jumped up lightly. His eyes glimmered with mischief and sincerity at the same time. Letting out a deep breath, Lan WangJi rushed towards him.
"What do you want?"
Wei WuXian grinned and Lan WangJi was taken aback. What was he grinning for? Lunatic.
"You're taller than me so," Wei WuXian gestured his hand to the top of the tree, "help me take that cat off the tree."
Lan WangJi frowned. He couldn't believe he bothered to stop just to be hearing something ridiculous right after. He turned back and walked away again, though he was called back immediately.
"Pretty guy, are you that heartless to leave a poor cat stuck on a tree alone? I mean I could easily climb this tree myself but darn this school really has to make everything in white, Jiang Cheng would kill me if I got my uniform dirty and tattered on the first day of school." Wei WuXian rambled on.
There was still 10 minutes before the first class start, if he walked fast enough, he could reach the class in 5 minutes. Frowning, he walked back to Wei WuXian. The latter grinned so wide, flashing his great set of teeth, seeing Lan WangJi came back. Not uttering any words, Lan WangJi stood below the place where the cat was, took it easily and held it on his arm. The cat was timid and barely made any movement on his embrace. It looked it was stuck there for a quite long time.
Before he could say or do anything, Wei WuXian blurted, "Wait here!"
"But-"
Wei WuXian had already dashed from his sight. Lan WangJi's eyes opened wider. He had to go to class! But he couldn't just leave the cat alone. What was that person thinking?  Suddenly leaving him alone? Dejected, Lan WangJi crouched, rubbing the cats head.
Few minutes later, Wei WuXian was back, his hands seemed like he was holding something. He crouched down too, one of the hand touching his stomach, he looked haggard from all the running. Rumbling the plastic bag, he took a sausage and a bottle of water.
"Set it down, he must have been hungry and thirsty." Lan WangJi did as he was told and watched Wei WuXian placed down the sausage and filled up the cap of the bottle with water.
"That should be enough." Wei WuXian clapped both of his hand, cleaning it from the dirts of the ground. "Ah, are you on your way to the class too? Come on, we're gonna be late"
Lan WangJi heart jumped out of the socket hearing 'class' and 'late'. He threw a glare to Wei WuXian then sprang off his feet and rushed to the direction of the class. Wei WuXian trailed behind him, constantly asking who's his name was and always got ignored in return.
They were indeed late to the class. Everybody had already sat inside. Lan QiRen shook his head and looked at Lan WangJi, disappointed. Lan WangJi's face hardened. It was really shameful for him to be late on the first day of school.
"Just get in, I'm tolerating you since it's only the first day. Next time anyone do this, don't ever think of getting in my class."
Hearing that, Lan WangJi bowed with his hand arched in front of him, Wei WuXian followed suit. Lan WangJi rushed to the front seat, the one in front of the teacher, it was empty since no one would ever wanted to sit there. Wei WuXian sat beside Jiang Cheng on the back.
Jiang Cheng glared and whispered sharply to him. "Why the hell are you late? And why did you came in with Lan WangJi? What kind of trouble did you make?"
Wei WuXian's eyes wandered to the person Jiang Cheng was talking about. "That pretty guy, his name is Lan WangJi?"
Rolling his eyes, Jiang Cheng snapped, "you didn't know him? He was the best student in Cloud Recess Middle School. Lan QiRen always praises him everywhere! Somehow along the line of the pride of Cloud Recess."
"Pride of Cloud Recess? Hmph, it's too bad that he just got late on the first day of school, hahahaha."
Wei WuXian laughed, a bit too loud. Both Lan QiRen and Lan WangJi glared at his direction. He cupped his mouth with his hand and nodded in apology to the other people in the class.
The class felt like forever to Wei WuXian. He had learned today's Math lesson back in middle school so he passed the time doodling on his book. Sometimes Jiang Cheng snapped at him to pay attention to the class. But then, Wei WuXian never listened. And the hours that felt like eternity finally passed as the bell rang.
Lan QiRen tidied his books. He sighed for a bit and coughed. The students grew silent.
"Lan WangJi. Wei WuXian. Come see me after class."
And that's how later that day, Wei WuXian found himself cleaning their class windows while Lan WangJi swept the floor. Wei WuXian sneaked a glance at Lan WangJi. The latter was sweeping the floor diligently. Deep in his heart, Wei WuXian knew that it was mostly his fault that Lan WangJi got late. He took a deep breath and walked towards the pretty guy.
"Lan WangJi, I am really sorry. Because of me, you were late to the class and got punished too."
Wei WuXian made the saddest face he ever put out, his eyes was pleading with apology. Lan WangJi barely acknowledged him. He only let a 'Mn' sound, eyes still not looking at Wei WuXian.
"Lan WangJi, just please forgive me alr-"
Wei WuXian paused. He saw something dropped on the floor. Crouching his back, he held it up. It was an old photo of a graceful woman holding a serious faced kid. He turned the paper around, there was some writing on the back.
Wei WuXian scrunched his eyes, trying to decipher the words as some of it was fading. It seemed like an old photo. "Lan... Zhan? Lan Zhan? Ah, Lan Zhan, is this yours?"
Hearing that, Lan WangJi turned his body. His eyes were glaring at Wei WuXian. In no time, he snatched the photo from Wei WuXian's hand.
"How did you get this?!"
Wei WuXian shrugged. "Eh, I don't know. It was lying on the ground. Hey, you should have been thankful I picked it up! What are you gonna do if it was lost? Hmph." Like a sulking child, Wei WuXian crossed his arm in front of his chest.
"Thanks."
Hearing that, Wei Wuxian beamed. "So, Lan Zhan is your birth name right? Hmmm, Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan. That sounds nice. From now on, I will call you Lan Zhan!"
Lan WangJi shoved the photo down to his pocket. "Don't."
"Why not? It's a beautiful name and it suits you well! Oh and was it your Mom in the picture? She's really pretty. Can I see her someday? I wonder if she's even more beautiful in real life." Wei WuXian rambled.
Lan WangJi gripped the broom handle tighter. He felt a sudden pang in his heart. He thought that everybody already knew that his mother had passed aways since he was a kid so no one dared to ask him. But apparently that person in this room, didn't know.
"You can't meet her."
Wei WuXian frowned. "Why? Because you hate me?"
"No. Because she's no longer on this earth."
Wei WuXian bit his lower lips. He had said something stupid again when he just asked for an apology just minutes before. Scratching his nose, he stepped closer to Lan WangJi.
"I don't even remember my Mother's face. You're still so lucky, Lan Zhan."
Lan WangJi lifted his head and looked at Wei WuXian's. Wei WuXian's playfulness was now replaced by sadness and pain. Lan WangJi didn't know why but he could feel his heart was hurting for that person too. Wei WuXian realized that Lan WangJi looked a bit worried and grinned.
"Hahahahaha, it's okay it's okay, Lan Zhan. I'm now living happily with Jiang Cheng's family. Ah, we already finished cleaning right? Let's go."
Wei WuXian snatched the broom from Lan WangJi's hand and walked towards the door. Just before he slided it open, Wei WuXian paused.
"It's Wei Ying."
Lan WangJi raised his brow slightly, confused. "What?"
"My birth name is Wei Ying."
__________________________________________
It was the competition day. Their performance wouldn't start earlier than 10 AM, but they've been busy since five this morning. Every time they had a big competition, they will wear Cloud Recess' signature robes. The robes were only allowed to be worn on Cloud Recess' anniversary ceremonies and competitions like this.
SiZhui stood perfectly in his white robe. The front length of the robe stopped at his ankle while the back left a little bit of train. There were some clouds pattern bordered neatly on the front side of the attire. They all wear white boots and the forehead ribbons. Although anyone could guess that a group of students in full white must had been a Cloud Recess student, their forehead ribbons were what cemented their status as a disciple of Cloud Recess Private High School.
Looking at the mirror, SiZhui tied the forehead ribbon on his head firmly. He took a really great pride of his school. Then after he finished dressing himself, he scanned around to see how the other students are doing. As expected, JingYi was one of the student that struggled through the process of wearing the robe.
"Why does this robe have so many layers? Do people really use this back then?!" JingYi grumbled as he tied his robe, trying to figure out which layer goes first. "Why didn't they find it as a hassle wearing this three layers of clothes?"
A student behind him shouted. "No they don't, because they're not as dumb as you, JingYi."
Before they could fight for real and disheveling their robes, Lan WangJi walked in to the room. JingYi quickly froze on the spot and hurriedly wear his robe. SiZhui smiled and walked towards Lan WangJi.
"Just a minute, Teacher."
He then walked up to JingYi, helped him with his robes and walked back to Lan WangJi. "All set."
"Mn. Let's go."
All walked in a mannerly order to the bus. Some of them looked nervous, but SiZhui was calm. He indeed look like how Lan WangJi was back in his high school days.
The bus drove for about 40 minutes and finally reached Yiling Central Park. It was already packed with people. The stalls are all opened and it was way more crowded than the first day the came. JingYi was a bit struggling, harp was a heavy instrument to carry. It wasn't that long until they reached the back stage. They were third on the list to perform and the competition was about to start in an hour.
JingYi looked a bit flustered. He didn't know that there will be that many people attended. Carefully he scanned the back stage. There are some classical music groups of students, all wearing suits and dress. One group dressed like a grim reaper coming to life, must had been a metal band. He took a deep breath and sit on one metal stool.
"Don't be nervous. Just remember your practice." Lan WangJi gave them some words of encouragement. He continued, "the most important thing is do your best and don't forget to have fun."
The students nodded in unison. Lan WangJi walked further and sit on the corner. He didn't want his presence to burden the kids. He knew they're more than capable of performing in this competition. Suddenly, his phone buzzed.
[ Wei Ying ]
| morning lan zhan, i just woke up. anyway, good luck for the competition today. hve a nice day! |
Received 09.22
| Thank you. You too. |
Sent 09.22
[ Wei Ying ]
| This contact has sent you an image. |
Received 09.25
Lan WangJi opened the picture. It was an image of clouds floating in the clear sky. He couldn't see the sky inside the back stage but he knew, it must be the Yiling sky outside.
| It's really beautiful. |
Sent 09.26
[ Wei Ying ]
| hahaha, yes. seeing the clouds, it's reminding me of you. |
Received 09.26
As always, Wei WuXian would throw his world carelessly without understanding the impact that he made to the other people. A smile flashed Lan WangJi's face. He saved the picture and used it as his phone wallpaper. The corner of his lips curved up.
So time passed and it was their turn to perform. All of the students had positioned themselves on the stage. They looked ethereal, their robes flapping against the wind. Lan WangJi stood a bit far from the stage, carefully observing.
In the count of three, SiZhui strummed his guqin. The rest of the instrument joined one by one. JingYi played the harps skillfully, all of the rebelious glint that usually appeared on his eyes were nowhere to be seen. The flutea and pianos were played in a perfect harmony. SiZhui was playing his guqin gracefully. He smiled, their continuous practice didn't betray them and now was the time for them to show it to the people.
Their performance was captivating. Some people who was walking stopped on their paths, to see the beautiful fusion of modern and traditional instruments. The people on the audience were so focused some of them left their mouth open. One or two people walked near the stage to record it on their phone.
Loud applauses were heard as their performance came to an end. JingYi smiled proudly and waved behind his harp. SiZhui stood up and lead the group to bow to the audience. They left the stage with joy overfilling their hearts. Just like Lan WangJi said, as long as they have fun, they didn't care anymore if they win the competition or not, they've done their best.
Lan WangJi smiled and walked towards the students.
__________________________________________
"Anyone see my sketchbook? I had some blueprints stored there!"
Wei WuXian stumbled across the desks in his office. He rumbled the things on his own desk then the desk next to him. All of his co workers know that Wei WuXian is a messy person. Sometimes Wei WuXian wouldn't even go home when he had to finish a sketch and his papers would go everywhere. They just had to deal with that. His current antics were nothing new either.
"Just why do you place something so important so carelessly like that?"
A girl from the desk across him sighed.
"Aiya, here it is. I forgot that I put it here." He took the sketchbook below the piles of other books and smiled.
"Aren't you going to go home?"
"Ah yes, I just need to give this blueprint to Mrs. Xuan." 
"The Demon..."
Wei Wuxian gave her a shrug. The girl shook her head in a pity and gave a quiet 'good luck'. Wei WuXian nodded. The Demon was the head of their division. She was a grumpy woman in her 50s. Most of his colleagues were afraid of her because one moment she could be ignoring them then the next moment she would shout back to them like there's no tomorrow. But strangely, she was always mild and be in composure with him. 
He knocked twice on The Demon's door and opened it carefully. Inside, Mrs. Xuan sat with her back facing him. He could hear that she was currently on her phone, occasionally shouted.
"DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME TO MAKE THEM SIGN IT?"
Wei WuXian winced. He knew it wasn't him who got scolded but chill still crept around his neck. He waited and stood there for a whole 15 minutes. After the long wait, The Demon turned her chair around.
"Oh, you're here. Why didn't you say anything?"
Wei WuXian coughed. Yeah and probably got swallowed as a whole in a second. "It's okay, Mrs. I just got here." He walked to her desk and put the blueprint carefully. "This is what you requested last time."
The Demon looked at the blueprint, her lips were taut and eyebrows furrowed. But then she leaned back to the recliner. "Okay, good work." Wei WuXian took a deep breath and smiled. He bowed slightly and was about to turn back when she said something.
"Nice shawl. Where did you buy it?"
Wei WuXian smiled. "This? It's not mine. I was about to return it. Oh, excuse me, what time is it Mrs.?" Mrs. Xuan looked at her watch. "It's a bit past three."

What? Three? Didn't Lan Zhan said he'll go back to Gusu at four?

He nodded once again and bolted to the door.
__________________________________________
JingYi smiled from ear to ear, his right hand holding a silver trophy. SiZhui's eyes were glistening with tears. They stood somewhere near the parking lot. The result was announced about thirty minutes ago but JingYi still wouldn't let go of the shiny thing on his hand.
"You've worked hard." Lan WangJi commended the kids.
SiZhui wiped his tears with his own sleeve. "We're sorry teacher, we didn't get the first place."
Lan WangJi shook his head lightly. "It's okay. You've worked hard." He looked at his watch, it was half past three. He turned his back and took a long gaze afar. "Let's go back."
__________________________________________
Wei WuXian rushed through the people on the park. Was the competition over? For the second time in that week, he ran like his life depended on it. His movement halted when his shoulder hit a person who was standing in front of him.
"Hey, watch your way!" That person shouted. "Wei Uncle?"
Wei WuXian paused and looked at the person he just hit. "Jin Ling? What are you doing here?"
Jin Ling sneered. "Of course watching the festivals!"
"Are you alone? Did your mother know you're here? Are you here with your Dad?"
"Dad is busy like always. Anyway, I'm not alone, Uncle is here with me."

Jiang Cheng?

"Fancy seeing you here, Wei WuXian." Like a devil that came out of nowhere, Jiang Cheng emerged from the crowd. His face was hard, a frown could clearly be seen on his face. "You still call him uncle when you can only see him every once or two years?"
Wei WuXian grinned. "Jiang Cheng, you're here too. Sorry, I'd really like to get some chit chat with you but I really had to go." He dashed over but Jiang Cheng quickly grabbed his arm. Wei WuXian winced from the pain.
"Where do you think you're going?" Jiang Cheng tightened his grip on Wei WuXian's arm. "You're going to have another nephew in a matter of weeks and you don't care?"
Fidgeting, Wei WuXian tried to loosen Jiang Cheng's grip from him. "Jiang Cheng, let's talk about it later, okay? I really need to see someone right now."
Jiang Cheng raised one of his eyebrow, snickered. "Who is that precious person you want to meet so much? Ah I know, Lan WangJi? Is he here? Where is he? I want to see him, it's been such a long time."
"Jiang Cheng, he's my friend. Please, can you be reasonable this one time?" Wei WuXian pleaded, he grabbed Jiang Cheng's hand but it wasn't budging at all.
"Who's the one not being reasonable? Me? Or someone who ran away from home and only show his face whenever he likes?" Jiang Cheng's eyes were now red, anger pooled on his face. 
Jin Ling clenched his fists. He didn't get it at all. They were always on each others' nerves whenever they met. Usually, his Mother would be the one to break them off but now he had to deal with that situation.
"Uncle! I'm starving! Can't we just go? You promised me we'll eat some ribs!"
Jiang Cheng turned his head to Jin Ling. His grip loosened. Sensing that, Wei WuXian shoved Jiang Cheng's arm and bolted out of the way. Jiang Cheng's anger has soothed out, his face solemn, gazing at Wei WuXian's back.
__________________________________________
Lan WangJi walked behind the kids. All of them were still excited from the win, teasing one another. He glanced at his watch again only to let it down immediately and walked. His steps came to a stop when he heard a panting sound behind him.
"Lan Zhan!"
Wei WuXian was slouching behind him with both of his hand on his knees.
"Wei Ying." Lan Zhan walked closer to him. "Why did you run?"
"Eh? Why did I run? Hahaha, I don't know. Why did I run?" Wei WuXian grinned. "Ah, yes! Because I wanted to return this!" He fiddled with the shawl and gave it back to Lan WangJi.
Lan WangJi stared at the white shawl that was now back on his hand. His expression soften and he wrapped the shawl around Wei WuXian's neck again. "It's yours."
Wei WuXian raised his brows. "Mine? Are you giving it to me? Hahaha, what a good friend you are, spoiling me like this. What if I keep asking for more things in the future?"
"It's not a problem."
Wei WuXian grinned mischievously. "Wow, Lan Zhan. I thought you were still the same as before, but you actually have changed." He hooked an arm around Lan WangJi's neck.
Lan Wangji could feel his heart rambled again.
"Teacher, we were looking for you!" JingYi rushed behind them.
Wei WuXian unhooked his arm and turned back. "Ah, it's you again." SiZhui followed JingYi close. "And you again. The bad and the good kid."
JingYi protested immediately, "who are you calling bad here?"
"Of course it's you." Wei WuXian snapped at Jingyi and turned to look at SiZhui. "This pretty kid, whose your name again?"
"It's Sizhui." SiZhui smiled.
Wei WuXian nudged at Lan WangJi's arm with his elbow. "You taught this kid well." Lan WangJi nodded.
"What about me?" JingYi frowned and Wei WuXian grinned, "You? Hmm, you're just like me. Hahaha!"
Realizing something, the smile was slowly fading from Wei WuXian's face. He looked at Lan Wangji. "So, you're going back to Gusu?"
"Mn."
"I've hold you here long enough, I guess." Wei WuXian looked down, his gaze fixated on the ground. Then he lifted his head up, a smile already plastered on his face. "Have a safe trip back to Gusu! I'll bother you with my call everyday!"
Lan WangJi nodded. "Mn."
Wei WuXian stared at Lan WangJi's back that got smaller and smaller as he walked further. These three days felt like a dream. He felt like he somehow went back to his teenager days. But the situation was different and now Lan WangJi was more agreeable than he was before. He sniffed the shawl around his neck. He didn't know why he really liked how Lan WangJi smelled. As long as they were still walking the same earth and lived under the same sky, they were bound to meet again.
__________________________________________




Chapter End Notes
I KNOW some people are going to be frustrated reading this because it's really slow moving. But I don't want to rush in unraveling the feelings they've always had for each other for a long time (´ . .̫ . `)I mean, they just met after a whole 13 years. I want them to realize how they feel about each other as natural as possible. I really don't want to rush it. So, thanks for you who's still bearing to read this fic and Wei WuXian's denseness with me (｡•́︿•̀｡)I have written most of the plot. Why Jiang Cheng doesn't like Lan WangJi, why Wei WuXian barely came home, etc. But I won't rush to it....Anyway, forgive me for rambling. I might be slow for updating since I'm going to have an exam in a week. Thanks again for reading and have a nice day (●♡∀♡)P.s. : You can follow me on twt @makjangnoona_And shout out for my lovely reader who always commented on my works• wangxian+fan for always be the first to comment• Marian3490 for always commenting in Spanish (which make me learn something lol)• Lanbao2010 for always giving me in depth review and some insights and encouraging me to write (｡・//ε//・｡)You guys are awesome! :D


Cloudy and Sunny
Chapter Summary
The pasts somehow tried to intertwine themselves to the present. Tangled in fate, no one knows what the future had in store for them.
Chapter Notes
Hi!!I finally found some time (and motivation) to update! ಠ_ʖಠI'm stressed out because of upcoming test (┛✧Д✧))┛彡┻━┻And this chapter is just a tad long. Enjoy! (＾∇＾)ﾉ♪

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





It was almost noon when Wei WuXian opened his eyes. He rubbed both of his eyes and combed his fingers to his now tangled and messy long hair. Scratching his scalp carelessly, he made his way to the kitchen, strolling around ever so slowly. Sunday was indeed the best day.The cold water felt fresh to his throat. Wei WuXian coughed, he drank too much water at once. Then he dragged his feet to his bedroom again, pulling his black curtains open. Outside, the sun was blazing as if it wanted to slap Wei WuXian awake. There weren't many clouds as the sky was clear, but there was one cloud hanging somewhere close to the sun. Slowly, it moved, creating a friendly shade for the earth below. The sun wasn't alone, he smiled.Wei WuXian threw himself back to the bed.
Clouds. Lan WangJi.
He stared at the ceiling, trying to process his train of thoughts. So, he indeed met Lan WangJi. Ever since he left Cloud Recess, he never thought he'd met that person again. Did he remember wrong? Or because it was so long that his memory started to fade? He clearly remembered they didn't part on good term.Had Lan WangJi forgot too? Lan WangJi said he didn't hate him. But Lan WangJi didn't even look for him when he transferred. He always thought they were close, but then, as long as he could remember correctly, he always got on Lan WangJi's nerves. That was also why he didn't bother to look for Lan WangJi. He was afraid that contacting him would result in knowing that Lan WangJi indeed didn't want to associate himself with him. Lan WangJi was someone other people idolized. He should not mingle himself with a rebel like Wei WuXian. Sighing, Wei WuXian knew, cutting off contact with Lan WangJi was also his own way to protect himself. To protect himself from inevitable rejection.Wei WuXian sticked out like a sore thumb in Cloud Recess, even more evident when he used to roam around Lan WangJi. Even in his own family, he felt like he didn't belong there. Jiang Family was better without him. In the end, he was alone and had always been alone. But these few days, everything felt like a dream. He encountered Lan WangJi just like that. Never in a million years he would ever guessed he'd just see Lan WangJi like that. And it was even more unbelievable that Lan WangJi was... Happy? Elated? Seeing him again. Did he get his mind deluded?Wei WuXian's eyes wandered to the shawl Lan WangJi gave him. Maybe now that years had passed, that they currently had their own choice to hold, they could try to get along again. He certainly wouldn't hate it to get his long lost friend back to his life.__________________________________________A knock was heard on the white wooden door. Lan WangJi sauntered through his study to the living room. He glanced through the intercom screen, it was someone wearing a bright green uniform. A courier man. He held something that looked like an enclosed basket on his hand. Lan WangJi pushed a button and opened the lock. The man was smiling at him."Ah, I don't know if it's a he or she, but it arrived safely."Lan WangJi took the basket. "It's a he. Thank you." The courier nodded and left as Lan WangJi closed the door. He took the basket inside the living room and laid it down on his suede white couch. Something wriggled out from the basket."Meow."Lan WangJi smiled as he rubbed his fingers on the furry thing in front of him. The cat purred and plopped himself to the couch. His black fur contrasted with the couch he laid on. He looked at Lan WangJi for a bit before he was busy licking his paws. Lan WangJi stood up and took his phone from the pocket, calling someone. It wasn't long before the other person answered.
"Has he arrived? Sorry, I had to attend a meeting so I couldn't give him to you in person."
"Mn. It's okay. Thanks for looking out for him when I was gone, Brother."
"It's okay, WangJi. Rabbit just slept all day anyway."
Lan WangJi's eyes peered to Rabbit. Yes, the cat's name was Rabbit. "It's a senior cat so he would just sleep most of the time." He could hear Lan XiChen laughed across the phone. They talked for a bit before Lan WangJi excused himself. Lan WangJi walked to the kitchen and Rabbit followed him closely, occasionally went through his feet. The black furball meowed as Lan WangJi took out a box from the cabinet and poured some kibbles to his bowl. He then nibbled on his food and became to busy to care about Lan WangJi.With a cup of tea on his hand, he leisurely walked again to his study. On his way, he glanced through his big, opened, window. The sun was at its highest peak of the day. It was bedazzling and warm, just like someone's smile. Lan WangJi sipped on his tea and continued his steps.__________________________________________Sunday was the best day to just laze around, sadly, Wei WuXian had to leave his comfortable bed. Wen Ning had been calling him through all morning saying that they had to practice. Grumbling, he dragged himself out of the bed for the second time that day.Playing in a band was something Wei WuXian started on an impulse because he couldn't be stuck on a routine. He already had works on the day so he needed to do something that would free him from living monotonously. He told Wen Ning one day that he wanted to play in a band so Wen Ning gathered his friends, two of them, the only friends Wen Ning had. So then The Ghost General was formed. The name sounded scary, but most of the time they only played pop and slow rock songs, sometimes song they wrote themselves. They didn't take it too seriously since all of them already had day jobs and only played sporadically when there were music events or being invited to play in some bars.Wei WuXian took a quick shower and grabbed anything he could reach easily from his wardrobe. He wore a black shirt, which looked identical to other ten pieces of the same shirts he had, then pushed his feet to his slim fitted wash colored jeans. His hand reached to a hollow space below the mirror and spray a fresh smelling cologne. Tying his hair up, Wei WuXian whistled as he walked to his bedroom door. A white shawl hanged carefully just before the door. Wei WuXian tugged at it, not planning to wear it actually. He took the edge of the shawl and brought it closer to his nose, sniffing it. Then all of a sudden he detached his hand from the shawl, like something had just struck his fingertips.
Did you just think of smelling Lan WangJi? Wei WuXian, are you for real?
He left the house sighing but then a smile crossed Wei WuXian's face as he soon held his phone next to his ear. It was answered in just two rings.
"Yes."
Wei WuXian beamed, he twirled his car key on his left hand. "Lan Zhan! Do you use a particular perfume?"
"Why?"
"Hahaha, sorry. It's just I was wondering if I..." Wei WuXian paused as he thought of the right words to say, he couldn't just blurted out how he liked Lan WangJi's smell. He scratched his nose and continued, "I want to buy a new soap!"
"You were asking about perfume."
Wei WuXian's smile disappeared. "Ahahahaha, yeah yeah, I'm running out of both!". He got in his Great Wall Haval H6, a ride he bought in 2012. "Tell me, Lan Zhan!"
"The perfume is custom made. I can get you one if you want. The soap, not that many store have it, it was from Green Natura, a sandalwood one."
Lan WangJi talked quiet a bit, Wei WuXian smiled at that realization."Okay, noted." Wei WuXian plugged a wireless earphone to his right ear, then ignited the key and the car's engine rumbled. "What are you doing on your day off, Lan Zhan?"
"Are you going somewhere?"
The car moved slowly, leaving the parking lot. "Yes, I'm going to Wen Ning's."
"Alone?"
"No, I have a band practice, others will come too." It was Sunday so the road was packed, Wei WuXian's car crawled slowly through the crowds. "Damn, why couldn't they drive faster?"
"What?"
Wei WuXian chuckled, he forgot Lan WangJi was listening. "I wasn't talking to you, hahaha. The cars were all really slow!"
"Drive carefully."
Hearing that tone, he could swear Lan WangJi's face was somehow full of anger as he didn't want Wei WuXian to endanger any other people with his careless driving. He had given Lan WangJi a ride before that day when Lan WangJi met him on the cafe. Lan WangJi had reprimanded him about how he didn't drive slow enough or steady enough. He felt like he was getting coached on again like when he tried to get his license. Smile flashed through Wei WuXian's face at that memory."Ah, did you arrive safely yesterday, Lan Zhan?"
"Mn."
"Glad to hear that. Must be glad to be back in Gusu, right?" Wei WuXian smirked, though Lan WangJi couldn't see it. "Have you missed me already, Lan Zhan?"A second. Two second. Three second. A whole minute passed and Lan WangJi didn't answer. Wei WuXian thought he must had gotten Lan WangJi pissed off."Hahahaha, Lan Zhan, are you angry? My apology, hahaha, I was waiting for you to call me shameless just like how you usually do." Something tugged Wei WuXian's heart on the last sentence. "You've really changed, eh, Lan Zhan? Hahahaha, but I don't hate this version of you."Lan WangJi still gave him zero answer. Wei WuXian grew a bit restless. Just now he thought Lan WangJi was getting friendlier, but is Lan WangJi actually got more easily iritable?"Lan Zhan?"
"Mn."
Wei WuXian's shoulder relaxed. "I thought you hung up on me!"They talked about anything that crossed their mind again until he finally arrived at Wen Ning's apartment's parking lot. "You still haven't answered my question. What are you up to?"
"I'm correcting the kids' assignments."
"Oh? What did JingYi and SiZhui gets?" Wei WuXian asked about the only kids he were familiar with.
"Both A."
Wei WuXian turned off the car but he stayed inside for a while. Lounging on the seat and smiling. "Aren't you being too generous, Lan Zhan?"
"They both did a good job."
Grinning, Wei WuXian answered, "Of course, because Lan Zhan is the teacher!"Lan WangJi didn't answer again."Lan Zhan? It seems like you're busy, I'll call you again later, okay?" Wei WuXian hesitated.
"Mn. Call me later, Wei Ying."
It was just a casual answer from Lan WangJi but Wei WuXian felt something stirred inside of him. Why did they sound like a... Couple? No, friends called each other everyday too right? Wei WuXian shook his head and finally left his car. His heart feeling weird and fuzzy.__________________________________________Little did Wei WuXian know, Lan WangJi's ear had been burning red. Why did he had to ask Wei WuXian to call him later? Didn't he sound too desperate? He sipped his tea and continued to check the kids' assignments despite his mind being a jumbled mess.The sun had been leaning to the West when he finally finished. He checked his watch, he had planned to see his brother this afternoon. Lan WangJi tidied his desk and grabbed a coat. He drived for about 15 minutes before he arrived at a small cottage house in the suburbs and knocked lightly at the door."WangJi." Lan XiChen smiled as he opened the door and let Lan WangJi in.Lan WangJi nodded. "Brother."Lan XiChen gestured him to sit on the couch. Sharing the same blood and upbringing, Lan XiChen had also serve him tea. Lan WangJi sat and took a sip."Thanks for coming in." Lan XiChen also sipped his cup. "Uncle told me to persuade you."Lan WangJi stiffened on his seat. He knew which direction this conversation will go. "My answer is still the same, Brother."The older man sighed and put down his cup. "I know. I just thought maybe after all this time... Listen. Uncle wasn't as healthy as he was before when he was younger. I had to take over his position someday. And you," Lan XiChen paused, observing Lan WangJi's expression, "had to take mine.""WangJi understand, Brother." Lan WangJi clutched both of his knees.It was hard for Lan XiChen too to see Lan WangJi in agony. "It's okay. You don't have to worry about it for now. I just wanted you to know that our company, our family, needed you." He extended a hand and touched Lan WangJi's shoulder who sat across him.Ever since Lan WangJi knew about the decision Lan QiRen took years ago, how helpless they were before someone with greater power, he had decided to estrange himself from anything that had to do with Gusu Foundation and Company. Lan QiRen was the teacher, the headmaster and also the one who held the highest order in the company back then, yet he couldn't do anything."I like what I'm doing now, Brother. But I will help you in the best way I can."Hearing that, Lan XiChen finally gave a relieved smile. "You just got back from Yiling? How was the trip?" It was just mere seconds but Lan XiChen was sure he could see a glint of happiness passed Lan WangJi's face."It was great." Lan WangJi looked at his brother. Lan XiChen was still smiling, but now it was by the fact that Lan WangJi's eyes were glimmering. "The kids won second place, they did really great on their own.""You must have been very proud of them."Lan WangJi smiled."Is there anything else good happened, WangJi?"How could Lan XiChen always read him like an  open book? Averting his brother's eyes, Lan WangJi muttered something. "I met someone."Lan XiChen raised his eyebrow. "Someone?"Lan WangJi gulped his tea to the last drop and put the cup down. "A long time friend of mine.""Do I know him?" Lan XiChen was getting curious though he had a hunch of who that someone was."Yes. It was Wei Ying."All seemed to pause after Lan WangJi said that name. Lan XiChen was surprised but not that surprised. It had been such a long time since his brother mentioned that name in front of him. He wondered when did it stop. Was it thirteen years ago?"Ah, the second child of the Jiang family? How was he? I remembered you two got along pretty well in high school."Lan Wangji stared at his brother. From other people's perspective, did they really get along well? "He was still the same."Lan XiChen smiled as he saw the curve forming involuntary on the corners of Lan WangJi's lips. So it was also the reason he smiled when he asked about what happened in Yiling. He always knew, ever since then, it had always been the same reason.__________________________________________
That day in 2007
Wei WuXian sneaked through the dorm hall and tip toed along the corridors to his room. His sleepwear attire was bulging as he hid some things inside his clothes. He rushed his steps as he got nearer to his room. Finally arrived at his doorstep, he whispered to the person or people inside."Jiang Cheng, open the door. Quick!"The door immediately clicked open and Wei WuXian rushed in. Inside, the things he tried so hard to hide all flopped to the ground. It was countless snacks and carbonated drinks in various kinds. Nie HuaiSang who was just sitting still before ran to he door."Are you stupid? What if someone sees? Close the door!" Nie HuaiSang hurried as he grabbed the snacks as many as both of his hands could hold.Jiang Cheng scanned outside and closed the door. He soon joined Wei WuXian and Nie HuaiSang who had munched and stuffed themselves with snacks. A worried look passed Jiang Cheng's face. "You sure no one saw you?"Wei WuXian threw one spicy flavored nut in the air and caught it with his mouth. He munched it and smirked at Jiang Cheng. "Of course. All of the students have to sleep at 9, no one will see me."Slumping his shoulder, Jiang Cheng sat down too. He was about to open a bag of chips when someone knocked on the door. The three students froze on the spot. When the realization dawned in, Wei WuXian commanded them in silence to go to bed and hid the snacks below the blanket and the two followed suit.Wei WuXian walked to the door, wandering who could that be. It was half past nine, the students had to be sleeping anyway. So who was that?His heart jumped to the floor when he saw Lan WangJi's solemn face behind the door. Not saying anything, Lan WangJi rushed inside scanning the room. Wei WuXian scratched his head nervously. His eyes grew wide in shock when he saw some potato chip crumbs laid messily on the table. That darned Jiang Cheng, I told him to clear everything!It didn't escape Lan WangJi's eyes either. He walked to the bed where Nie HuaiSang and Jiang Cheng pretended to lay on. Wei WuXian tried his best to stop the taller guy."Lan Zhan! Lan Zhan! Isn't it inappropriate to disturb someone who's sleeping? Ah! The rule is everybody have to sleep by nine! Why are you trying to wake them?" Wei WuXian walked backwards in front of Lan WangJi. "Lan Zhan! Why haven't you sleep yet? It's past nine. Aren't you breaking a rule too? I won't tell Lan QiRen if you-"Lan WangJi ignored Wei WuXian's plea and flipped open the blanket covering Nie HuaiSang and Jiang Cheng's bodies. Both of them squirmed. Of course, as Lan WangJi had expected, it was full of snacks and drinks that was forbidden on the Cloud Recess. He didn't say anything but threw a sharp gaze to smiling Wei WuXian, then left the room immediately.The three of them were puzzled. Did Lan WangJi left just like that?"He must be telling Lan QiRen." Nie HuaiSang sighed and plopped himself back to the bed. A rustling sound was heard as he dropped down on a pile of snacks.Jiang Cheng grumbled. "I told you to turn off the light! Besides, why did we have to be caught by Lan WangJi? That guy is really unreasonable." Wei WuXian rubbed his nose and smiled nervously. Indeed, why did it has to be Lan WangJi who found them?The next thing they knew, they were called to Lan QiRen's office on the following morning. Lan WangJi was present too. It was Saturday and they should have had their free time but Lan QiRen had punished them to buy fertilizers from the next district and took care of the vegetables in their school garden.Jiang Cheng protested, he had soccer match that day but quickly shut himself up as Lan QiRen said he shouldn't have broken the rules. Same with Jiang Cheng, Nie HuaiSang sighed. He was shuddering, he hate dirty and smelly things and they had to bring those stinky fertilizers by hands. Lan QiRen didn't even give them money for transportation which means they had to walk for two hours back and forth.It was in the middle of the day when they finally arrive on the farming store. The sun was scorching hot and the smell of fertilizers didn't help. Jiang Cheng let out a big shout as he grabbed the heavy sack of fertilizer and walked. Nie HuaiSang walked slowly, it was just a few steps but his leg almost gave out already because of the fertilizer's weight on his hand. Contrary to those two, Wei WuXian heaved the sack on his hands with ease.Wei WuXian looked around for Lan WangJi. Did he ditch the punishment? But as he walked to the front part of the store, he saw Lan WangJi crouched down in front of an iron cage. Wei WuXian grinned and walked closer.The things which Lan WangJi's eyes fixated to was a pair of rabbits. Both of them snuggled close to each other. It was a fleet of the moment, but Wei WuXian felt something stirred inside of him, seeing Lan WangJi's softened face. Ah, it was an urge to tease Lan WangJi, he thought to himself."Lan Zhan! I never knew you like rabbits!" Wei WuXian crouched beside Lan WangJi.Lan WangJi stood up immediately, grabbed his share of fertilizer beside him and left Wei WuXian alone. Wei WuXian pouted and rubbed the rabbits' noses. "What a cutie! I wish I could take both of you but it's impossible. So, please have a good life you two! Eh, both of you are male, why are you snuggling so closely? Hahahaha."He was still laughing as he took back his bag of dirts and ran after Lan WangJi, passing the slow Jiang Cheng and Nie HuaiSang behind."Lan Zhan! Wait!"Lan WangJi didn't wait and even increased his pace.Wei WuXian ran faster and caught up to him in no time. "Eh? Lan Zhan! You're really mean." He was panting, it was indeed hard to run with 10 kg of fertilizer in his hand. "Why did you walk faster?""You're slow."They were walking side by side. Lan WangJi finally decreased his walking speed. Wei WuXian grinned as he saw trickles of sweat decorating Lan WangJi's perfect forehead."It's tiring right, Lan Zhan?" His tone was playful. "How did you know about it anyway? I thought I was being careful." Wei WuXian had been curious about it since yesterday."You haven't made any trouble on the day and I saw you climbed above the fence after school."Wei WuXian sighed, Lan WangJi was way too observant."You should have listened when I made the deal for not telling Lan QiRen. Then we would have been freed from this suffering."Lan WangJi gazed straight afar. "In this life, you have to do the right thing."Wei WuXian paused for a bit but then ran a little to catch up to Lan WangJi's pace again."But who's the judge to right and wrong, Lan Zhan? Do how people see us equals to how we see the world? Lan Zhan, ah, Lan Zhan... In this life, you only need to do your best, even in your worst condition."Wei WuXian frowned and continued, "And don't forget to have some fun in it. What's so enjoyable living a life by walking a straight line forever? To make it more bearable, you have to go up, or down, sometimes you'll meet a three-way and you had to choose one. That's life.""But you still break the rules." Lan WangJi retorted.Wei WuXian was giggling. Of course Lan WangJi would respond like that. "Hahaha, I did, I did. That's why I'm not complaining and doing my punishment willfully, am I not? I was just saying. But don't count me on that, sometimes I just felt like spewing non sense."Lan WangJi paused and gave a meaningful look to Wei WuXian. The latter was puzzled. "No."Tilting his head on one side, Wei WuXian asked, "What 'no'? Ah, are you saying that I was right?""Mn."Wei WuXian grinned from ear to ear. Suddenly, the 10 kg he was holding in his hand felt like it was just a bag full of feathers."Wow, Lan Zhan, I never thought the day will come when you'll agree with my opinion." A mischievous smirk appeared on Wei WuXian's face. "Now, if I say that we ditch this punishment, Jiang Cheng and Nie HuaiSang altogether then go on a date to the city instead, will you agree?"His smirk got wider as Lan WangJi glared at him. "Pathetic." Then he walked even faster than before, leaving Wei WuXian again."Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan! Don't leave me. Hey, don't be angry! You know you look pretty when you get angry, right, Lan Zhan? Lan Zhan!"__________________________________________



Chapter End Notes
How was it? Isn't Lan Wangji just being a cute lovesick pup? I want to hug him ( T_T)＼(^-^ )Ugh this chapter was hard to write, I want them to meet soon! ಥ‿ಥWe'll meet the Jiang family on next chapter, are we... Excited? (;;;・_・)Oh, this https://i.postimg.cc/sgmp5WtR/20-01-02-51-Lut-Xxwbr-L-AC-SY400.jpg is how I imagined the white shawl lol I forgot to show it on the previous chap (• ▽ •;)Thanks for reading and have a nice day! (灬º‿º灬)♡P.s. : I just realized you can justify the paragraphs and texts on AO3 instead of it being messy lol (*_*)


Revolves Around You
Chapter Summary
Wei WuXian was always alone. He certainly didn't know that happiness could come even from the most unexpected place... Or person.
Chapter Notes
Omg! It's been four days... Sorry for the long wait .·´¯`(>▂<)´¯`·.I tried to squeeze some times to write this, I hope you're still with me ( ･ั﹏･ั)This chapter is a bit long since I got to the heavier (?) part of my fic (＠_＠;)Yay finally we meet lovely YanLi ෆ╹ .̮ ╹ෆ

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Another day in 2007


"Where do we put this anyway? Ugh, this thing do smell!" Jiang Cheng grumbled as he shoved a fertilizer sack down to the ground. Dirts were flying around as he clapped both of his hand. "I smell like shit."

"Yeah, like you always do." Wei WuXian chirped as he walked pass Jiang Cheng and dropped his share of sack carelessly.

Jiang Cheng glared and clenched his fist. "What did you-"

"No shouting in Cloud Recess."

Lan WangJi interrupted as he walked, passing him, then put the sack carefully. Jiang Cheng sealed his mouth immediately. The cold tone of Lan WangJi's voice had the power of making almost everyone obeyed him.

"LAN ZHAN! COME HERE I HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU!"

Except one person.

Jiang Cheng rolled his eyes and stomped his way following Nie HuaiSang who was busy plucking out wild weeds from the ground. With burrowed eyebrows and taut lips, Lan WangJi walked to the source of the voice.

"Wei Ying, no shouting in-" His words paused as he saw Wei WuXian holding a black cat and nuzzled it to his nose. "The cat..."

Wei WuXian grinned. He nestled the cat on his arms. "Remember this cat, Lan Zhan? You saved him last year." He rubbed the cat's forehead. "Before you nag me for it, I've tried to make him leave but he always come back so I just decided to keep him here in the farm."

Lan WangJi didn't say anything but he reached a hand to touch the cat's head. The cat struggled trying to hop off of Wei WuXian's arms. "I swear he won't make any trouble. He's a good kitty. He could eat wild mouses and other small animals that disturbed the plants. Please don't tell any teacher or Lan QiRen, okay?"

"Does he have a name?" Lan WangJi scratched the cat's right cheek and it leaned to his touch.

Wei WuXian pouted his mouth for a bit. His eyes peered over how Lan WangJi's face softened as he looked at the cat. Then he smiled wide as something brilliant flashed his mind. "I usually just called him Kitty. But starting today his name is... Rabbit!"

Lan WangJi gave him a questioning look. "Rabbit? Why would you name a cat as Rabbit?"

"Because you like rabbit! Right, Lan Zhan? Just before, you were looking at those bunnies in front of the store so happily. So... This cat name is... Rabbit!"

Lan WangJi held up his hands as Wei WuXian stretched out his to give the cat to him. "Ridiculous." Wei WuXian saw Lan WangJi's lips curled upwards involuntarily again and beamed happily. Rabbit rubbed his head on Lan WangJi's palm as he continued to pet it.

Seeing how Rabbit instantly purred on Lan WangJi's arms, Wei WuXian frowned. "Rabbit never do that to me! Hey, aren't you a traitor?!" He scratched Rabbit's nose playfully. "How come everyone always like you more than me?"

Lan WangJi stared at the cat on his hand fondly. "That's not true."

"Hm?" Wei WuXian raised one of his eyebrow. "Are you saying there's someone who loves me more than they love you?"

The boy holding the cat didn't answer. He was pretending like he didn't hear that question at all. Wei WuXian's eyes sparkled as he clapped his hand. "I know! It must be..." Lan WangJi's hand that was petting the cat halted and hovered in air.

Wei WuXian leaned his face close but then suddenly turned to the other direction. "Jiang Cheng! Do you like me or do you like Lan Zhan better?" The stiffness on Lan WangJi's body fade but he was still frozen in his place.

Jiang Cheng, still plucking out wild weeds, couldn't help but yell at Wei WuXian despite having been reprimanded by Lan WangJi before. "Stop asking stupid questions and get your ass over here! We already have so many works as it is!" Hearing that, Wei WuXian scrunched his nose and bolted to help Jiang Cheng before his younger brother lost his voice due to excessive shouting.

Rabbit was sleeping on his hand and Lan WangJi nestled him on a wooden bench. He jolted awake for a moment but then closed his eyes again. The calm guy walked towards the trio and joined them in cleaning out the garden. The day went by just like that and the sun was leaning down to the West, making a beautiful shade of red in the sky.

Wei WuXian extended his limbs upward and exclaimed. "We're finally done!" The he turned on his waist left and right. "Let's go to the cafeteria! I'm starving. Lan Zhan, you're coming too right?"

Lan WangJi was in the middle of dusting his clothes. "No." He didn't even give it a thought.

"Oh, come on, Lan Zhan. There will be lots of pretty girls since they're mostly out of their dorms on Saturday!" Wei WuXian leaned his face to one of Lan WangJi's ears. "Maybe you could score one! The girls in Gusu are so good looking."

"No."

Wei WuXian frowned, he prepped himself on Jiang Cheng's shoulder. The younger brother shoved his arm as soon as Wei WuXian's elbow touched his shoulder.

"Lan Zhan, if you're this boring, no one will date you, you know?" Smirking, he teased Lan WangJi, whose face was bitter with scowl. He ignored Wei WuXian and walked away from the three.

"Hmph, no fun!" Wei WuXian yelled at Lan WangJi's back.

The trio soon found themselves in the school's cafeteria. It was Saturday night and the place was packed. Boys and girls can freely roam cafeteria, as usually the girls were only allowed to use the cafeteria at different times than the boys. They walked to a group of chattering boys. One of them waved and gestured them to come and they walked closer.

"Wei WuXian! We finally see your face again! It's getting harder to see you on our soccer practice!" A boy with a big build and thin stubble above his lips exclaimed in excitement. He sat on the center of the group. It was Nie MingJue, Nie HuaiSang's older brother. Contrary to the good for nothing younger brother, Nie MingJue was the infamous captain of the soccer team. They were so different that people wouldn't actually guess that they're siblings.

Wei WuXian smirked and he took a fried tofu from the table. He sat himself on the edge of the long bench. Jiang Cheng sat across him and Nie HuaiSang walked to the other end of the table, wanting to avoid getting too close to his own brother.

Munching on his tofu, Wei WuXian bragged, "Yeah, I barely practice but I'm still the best scorer of the team. I have to give others a chance too." He winked at Nie MingJue who seemingly trying hard not to roll his eyes.

Jiang Cheng glowered hearing that. "It's because you keep loitering around Lan WangJi! Why are you bothering him so much?" The glare on Jiang Cheng's eyes became more evident. "You missed tons of our practice just to drive him up the wall. What's so fun about hanging out with him anyway? He's so boring and act like a snob. I wonder if it's because he's so rich that he think everyone is below him."

Wei WuXian shoved the last bit of tofu down his throat. He shot daggers from his eyes as he snapped. "Jiang Cheng, why do you need to have such rotten mouth?" Jiang Cheng lowered his eyes and his jaw clenched. Maybe he did step too far.

Seeing the tense situation, another guy from the group chirped. "So, since you hang out with him so much, are you dating the second son of Lan family, Wei WuXian?" The students cheered in unison as they heard that. They were just joking but something tugged on Wei WuXian's heart.

Dating Lan WangJi, Lan Zhan?

A heavy breath escaped Wei WuXian's lips. "What are you saying, he hated me..." He muttered quietly but it was still audible enough for anyone to hear.

"What? So you're really considering yourself dating him? Are you..." One student mimicked two pinched hands meeting one another.

Wei WuXian was flabbergasted. No, he liked girls. Especially really pretty girls. He didn't want to be interrogated further so his eyes wandered around the cafeteria then fell on Wen Qing, the prettiest and one of the smartest girl on their year. She was walking behind Wen Chao who had just passed them.

"Who do you think I am? I love pretty girls as much as they love me!" He bolted up from his seat and interrupted Wen Qing on her path. "Good evening, Miss Wen. How are you today?" Wei WuXian flashed his set of white teeth, it had been proven to work successfully with low failure rates so far.

Wen Qing glowered at him. "I'm in a hurry, please move." Her words were plain and straight.

It wouldn't be Wei WuXian if he obeyed someone's words in one saying. Instead of moving from her path, he observed her from head to toe. Wen Qing brought tons of book on one hand and other supplies, what seemed like fabrics, on the other hand. Then he remembered Wen Chao who walked passed them didn't have anything on his hands. What a jerk, letting a girl do the heavy works like this. He thought to himself.

"What's the rush for? We can talk for a bit." Wei WuXian swayed bashfully. "Or I can help you with that. How can I let such a beautiful girl like you carry those heavy things?" His hands was about to pry the books off of Wen Qing's hand when the girl snapped at him.

"Just get out of my way." Wen Qing gripped the books tighter and shoved Wei WuXian's shoulder with her own as she walked. "A Ning, come on." The timid boy behind her nodded at him and ran a little to follow her sister's quick steps. Wei WuXian's smile slowly faded and he tilted his head on one side as he watched them walked further.

__________________________________________

The sound of a car's engine hummed lowly to silence as Wei WuXian pulled up to the driveway. He slumped on the seat and his eyes peered to the vast garden and enormous building. It was a place he once called home. It was left unpainted with grey walls. Wisterias grew alongside the blocks of concrete, decorating the dull colors with hints of purple.

Wei WuXian heaved a sigh. It's been so long. Far too long. He stepped out of the car. As he walked up the stony path, he carefully tidied up the hem of his shirt. Then he brushed his securely tied hairs lightly. Another sigh escaped as he knocked the door twice. He could hear footsteps approaching the door, low sounds of people chatting could also be heard in the background.

"A Xian! You made it!"

Jiang YanLi's face lightened up to the brim as she saw her younger brother on the doorstep. Wei WuXian could feel all the worries he held inside disappeared in a flush. Jiang YanLi brought him in an embrace and Wei WuXian returned the gesture. He relaxed his head on his sister's shoulder.

"How are you? Oh my goodnes, you're so thin! Come on, we have to feed you so that hollow in your cheek will be filled soon." Jiang YanLi tucked a strand of hair behind Wei WuXian's ear.

Smiling, Wei WuXian talked in a babyish voice. "Of course, Xianxian misses Sister's cooking."

The older girl laughed and dragged him inside. The house was lively, something that rarely happened when he still lived there. Maybe, it was indeed a home for him. But for the others, it was only home without him. He struggled to put up a smile as he saw the family gathered on the dining hall.

Jiang FengMian, his uncle, sat on the very end of the table. He was grinning wide as he saw Wei WuXian walked inside. Then next to him, Jiang Cheng sat and smiled at him. Mrs. Yu, Jiang FengMian's wife, his aunt, sat with no expression across his son. Though Wei WuXian knew, behind that poker face, she was ready to shot dagger with her mouth. Jin Ling was busy munching his food beside his grandmother and Jin ZiXuan sat with glorified air around him beside Jiang Cheng, he nodded lightly to him.

The lively conversation was halted as soon as Wei WuXian made his appearance. It was always been like this since years back. They didn't even try to hide it as the time passed by.

Wei WuXian walked awkwardly to the seat beside Jin ZiXuan. They nodded to each other again for the second time. Jiang YanLi sat across Wei WuXian, still smiling from ear to ear. She really loved it when all of the family members gathered together.

"Congrats on your second child, Brother, Sister." Wei WuXian was trying his best to smile as he congratulated his brother in law and his sister. "Have you already gave her a name?"

Jin Ling raised his head from his plate. "Jin Li. She's the prettiest baby to ever exist!" Jiang YanLi ruffled his son's hair. Although Jin Ling was already twelve when Jiang YanLi had Jin Li, he still loved her very much and bragged about her almost everyday.

Wei WuXian grinned. "Ah, Jin Li. What a pretty name."

The lunch went quietly, no one said anything. It was until Jiang YanLi taking off the plates from the table, Jin Ling spoke. "Wei Uncle, why don't you visit us more often?" He was looking at Wei WuXian with excitement burning in his eyes.

In the rare occasions when they met, Jin Ling had always loved the days he spent with Wei WuXian. Wei WuXian took him fishing, playing in the arcade, seeing music concerts, or basically anything that his family won't allow him to. But then, he barely met this uncle of his, so he was hoping this time Wei WuXian would stay longer than usual.

A glimpse of guilt manifested on Wei WuXian's eyes. He tried to sort his thoughts to answer that simple questions.

"Uncle is very busy, A Ling. But I promise I will hang out with you more often." Wei WuXian gave Jin Ling a reassuring smile.

Hearing that, Mrs. Yu purposely set her cup down to the table loudly. "Like that very time when you took him fishing and he went back with a fever?" She looked at Wei WuXian with a scowl on her face.

Wei WuXian dropped his head down. He thought it was a short remark but then Mrs. Yu continued, "always so irresponsible. You always do what you want and not caring about your surroundings, when will you grow up?"

Still locking his gaze down, Wei WuXian didn't dare to answer. Jin Ling felt somewhat guilty that his innocent questions got his grandma riled up. But he was so afraid of saying anything when Mrs. Yu was on her angry mode. So, Jin Ling just sat there hoping she will stop soon.

"Dear, don't be like this. A Xian is our son too. Don't be so harsh on him." Jiang FengMian tried to hold his wife's hand but she retracted her hand befor he could even touch her.

Mrs. Yu was fuming. "Don't be so harsh on him? Have you heard yourself? You can be this gentle to someone's son and not your own son? Have you ever be gentle to A Cheng?" Again, Mrs. Yu glared at Wei WuXian though he couldn't see her as he kept his head downwards. Jiang Cheng shifted on his seat uncomfortably, his jaw was clenched hard.

Jiang FengMian started to think Mrs. Yu was being unreasonable and he slapped the table a little with his palm. "Enough, dear. How can you say such mean things like that?" Mrs. Yu didn't care, her scowl was even more palpable on her face. Ignoring her annoyed face, Jiang FengMian looked towards Wei WuXian again.

"A Xian. We're sorry. Let's just come back home. You can help A Cheng in our company. He needed you." Jiang FengMian was practically pleading. Hearing that last sentence, Jiang Cheng was about to retort but held it in. He didn't want to add more fuel to the already blazing fire in the room.

But Mrs. Yu wouldn't let go of any opportunities that could chew Wei WuXian alive. "Help our company? Helping A Cheng? Did you mean having A Cheng to clean up the mess he made everytime?" She was now glaring at the husband sitting beside her. "Thirteen years ago he basically made a black stain on our perfectly white family. Did you forget how A Cheng had to deal with the aftermath of what your favorite child had done?"

"Yu ZiYuan! Enough!" Jiang FengMian finally raised his voice. Hearing the commotion, Jiang YanLi and Jin ZiXuan ran to the dining hal, hands were still dirty from washing dishes. Jin Ling quickly rushed up from his seat and hide between his parents.

Jiang YanLi walked closer to the table. "Mother, Father, what-"

"Are you raising your voice to me? Because of someone who's not even your own blood? Listen, you never care about our son like you care about him! He didn't even care enough about our family, he left not saying anything until Jiang Cheng found him eight years ago!" Mrs. Yu's eyes were bloodshot red from the rage inside her. "A Cheng was kind enough to bring him home but he had chosen not to live here anymore. I was holding myself in cause yes, after all he's our adopted son. But now, you even asked him to run our company?"

Wei WuXian couldn't stay there anymore. He stood up from his seat, eyes still locked on the ground. He was fighting with himself as tears were threatening to roll over the corner of his eyes. "Uncle, Auntie, thanks for the lunch. I had to go back to the office." Not looking back, Wei WuXian marched off from that hell.

Jiang YanLi was about to go after him but Jin ZiXuan held her arm, shaking his head lightly. Instead of her, Jiang Cheng rushed to follow Wei WuXian to the door. He caught up with him just before he got inside the car.

"Wei WuXian, I'm sorry about what happened. Please, you know how mother is like, right? Don't take it personally." Jiang Cheng's expression was filled with worries.

Wei WuXian smiled bitterly. "It's okay. It always ended up like this anyway. Let's talk again later, Jiang Cheng." He got inside the car swiftly and made his way out of the vast green garden in a rush.

Always him. Always because of him. If only he said he was busy with work and didn't came to the lunch, that previous horrible situation wouldn't happen. He didn't even manage to see his beautiful nephew. Wei WuXian sighed. It was always his fault to begin with.

__________________________________________

Wei WuXian strolled around the department store on his own. He didn't actually have anymore works to do and he already had permission from The Demon to be off for the day. He thought maybe, just maybe, today was going to be different. But it was still the same, they would always argue whenever he was around.

The grocery section on the bottom floor of the department store was packed with people. Wei WuXian made his way through the bustling people, taking out some fresh chilies and meat. While doing some other little shopping, his eyes observed his surrounding.

There was one couple that caught his eyes. They were so affectionate to each other and looked so happy by just grocery shopping together. Did his uncle and his aunt had a relationship like that before? Was he the cause of them falling apart? Wei WuXian shook his head at that thought. Well though, it must have been nice to have a partner who will accept him for what he is. Despite his nonchalant behavior, despite all the cover and front he came up with, he knew that he was lonely.

Wei WuXian continued to stroll around until he found an interesting sign on the not-so-crowded part of the department store. On the bright sign board, a big Green Natura was written with beautiful calligraphy. Oh, that brand! Almost like something drawing him in, he walked to that small store.

As soon as he stepped in, his nose was greeted with the most pleasant smell of tea. Wei WuXian hesitated a bit until a kind faced store helper came to greet him with big grin on her face. He smiled awkwardly at the utmost hospitality.

"Good evening, Sir. How can I help you?" Her voice was very pleasant to the ear.

"Uhmm, I can't bring my groceries in, right?" Wei WuXian held up both of his hands, he was holding two grocery bags. The store helper was still smiling as she shook her head. "Uhm, okay, so can you just get me a soap with the smell of sandalwoods? My friend told me he got it here." Wei WuXian scratched his nose at the word friend.

"Oh yes, we do have it. How many of them would you like?" Her voice was even nicer than before.

Wei WuXian hesitated for a bit. "Just one." The woman nodded and told him to wait, but before she took a step, Wei WuXian changed his mind. "Uhm, give me two. Well, maybe, three? I'll buy three."

Then Wei WuXian went out of the store with five packs of liquid sandalwoods soap. It was so heavy on his hands. He then transfered all of his things to one hand and took out his phone. It was already six in the evening. The phone was almost sent flying as he was shocked by how it suddenly rang. Wei WuXian stared at the name of the caller.


[ Lan Zhannnn ]


Incoming call...


Wei WuXian pressed the answer button immediately.

"Lan Zhan!"


"Are you okay?"


His heart froze at that question. How did Lan WangJi know he went through such terrible day? Did he knew? How did he knew? But then all of those feelings disappeared as he heard that low and calm voice.

"Ah, of course I'm okay! The worst thing that could happen to me is when the world finally run out of chilies." Wei WuXian tried to make his voice as cheerful as ever. "What happened, Lan Zhan?"

There wasn't any answer for a while but Wei WuXian waited.

"You..." The voice across hesitated then continued, "You haven't called me today, so I thought something happened to you."

Wei WuXian didn't know why, but all the tears he successfully held inside just burst out rolling from his eyes. Some people turned to look at him as they walked. He must have looked like a lunatic who just got dumped over the phone.


Did Lan Zhan worry about me?


It had been two weeks since Wei WuXian promised to bother Lan WangJi everyday and he managed to fullfil it, never missing a day. He would call him over unnecessary things like which part of chicken was the most delicious one to more serious topic like global warming. Well, most of the time it was Wei WuXian blabbering over the phone while Lan WangJi occasionally chimed in. They could call for just mere minutes to almost two hours. But today, Wei WuXian wasn't on his right mind that he forgot to call Lan WangJi.


"Wei Ying? Are you really okay?"


His tears had stopped falling. Instead, he felt warmth crept all over his stomach to his heart. Wei WuXian was overwhelmed with a feeling he never felt before. He didn't know what it was but he was determined to find out.

A small chuckle left his mouth, who knows that the only person who could make him laugh on this miserable day was someone as boring as Lan WangJi?

"Yes, I'm definitely okay now." Wei WuXian's tone was now genuinely cheerful. "Lan Zhan, thank you."


"Mn."


"Mn? Hahaha! What are you aggreeing for, Lan Zhan? You didn't even know why I said thank you! Hahahahahaha." Now people must really think he had gone crazy. He was just crying before and now he was holding his stomach from laughing too much.


"You said thank you. Something good must have happened."


Wei WuXian heaved his grocery bags and continued to walk. "Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan. You're really one of a kind."


"What do you mean?"


"Nothing. Have you ate dinner?"


"It's only six."


"Who says that you can't have dinner on six? You know, I read somewhere that..."

They continued to talk about useless things that night. For a while, Wei WuXian forgot all the things that had happened that day. Maybe, actually, it wasn't so bad at all.

__________________________________________

The morning sky was clear outside but the air inside the room where Wei WuXian stood was dark. The Demon held her forehead with her right hand. Three people who were trapped there along with Wei WuXian fidgeted in anxiety.

Mrs. Xuan, The Demon, finally moved her hand. All of a sudden, she was grinning from ear to ear. "They liked it. We will continue the contract with their next project."

Muffled screams were heard as well as clapping sounds. They finally did it! This project was a laborious work and they finished it well.

But the grin on The Demon's face faded. Her tone was reverted back to the original iciness. "So, of course we had to send someone to inspect and attend the opening of that company's new branch building in Gusu." She scanned the whole room and everyone but one person avoided her eyes.

Someone whispered quietly to the person beside her. "The opening is just two days before Christmas! I don't want to work on that day. I hope she doesn't choose me."

"I'll do it!" Wei WuXian raised his hand eagerly. "Please, let me do it!"

Mrs. Xuan raised her eyebrows. "Wei WuXian? Okay. Since you look like you want it so much, you should go."

Wei WuXian's face beamed in excitement. A man about his age nudged him suspiciously. "Wei WuXian, what happened? You said you definitely hate working on holidays?"

"Who? Me? Hahaha, no, of course I love working on holidays!"

Wei WuXian grinned and he was humming as he walked outside. The Demon looked at him questioningly and the others just stared in disbelief. Did Wei WuXian just volunteered to work before the holiday?




Chapter End Notes
How was it? I hope it wasn't too heavy (｡ﾉω＼｡)But...WEI WUXIAN IS GOING TO GUSU!I'm really excited to write the next chapter (^～^;)ゞThanks for reading and I would really be happy if someone leave a response (ᗒᗩᗕ)Have a nice day! ( ◜‿◝ )♡P.s. : I think this story will be finished in 4 or 5 chapters more ( ≧Д≦)


The Unclosed Door
Chapter Summary
The door was opened. It was never closed. The person who knocked it had come back. And maybe, this time he would take a step inside through that door.
Chapter Notes
Sorry for the super late update! I had just finished my test (-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩___-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩)But thanks to your kind words, I passed it with a good mark ( ◜‿◝ )♡Then I got a bit of writer's block as I had not write at all for a week.... But well, here it is.. Wei WuXian is in Gusu! (^～^;)ゞGrab some popcorns, it's 6k+ words long ಥ_ಥ

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





"Teacher, what are you planning for Christmas?" SiZhui walked beside Lan WangJi, carrying heaps of papers.

Lan WangJi, also got his hand full with books, almost paused in his steps. He never had any special plans on Christmas. His family never celebrated days like that. Not birthdays, not even Christmas. He was always alone, spending some time to read or meditate on holidays. Maybe, something tugged in his heart, just maybe he could make a call to that person this holiday. He was about to answer 'nothing' but changed the his mind later.

"I don't know yet."

SiZhui sighed, his beloved teacher was always like that, never needed the presence of another person in his life. "You could visit me and my grandmother. She will love you. I'm both sad and glad that today is the last day of school."

"Thank you for your offer, Sizhui."

The teacher and student continued to make their way through the corridors until they arrived at the teachers' office. It was empty and quiet, most of the teacher had took their holiday leaves earlier. SiZhui sauntered towards a neat and organized desk, it was none other than Lan WangJi's.

As he walked, Lan WangJi could feel a buzz on his pocket. He rushed quickly to his desk and put the heavy books on top of it.


[ Wei Ying ]


| guess where i am |


Received 12.37



[ Wei Ying ]


| This contact has sent you an image. |


Received 12.37


Lan WangJi furrowed his eyebrows. The picture was a bit blurred. But he could make it that it's Wei WuXian's self portrait. Behind him, there was a big writing on a wall.


Gusu... Train station?


His heart trembled a little. Wei WuXian was in Gusu.

| Are you in Gusu? |


Sent 12.38



[ Wei Ying ]


| yess!! |


Received 12.38


| Stay there. |


Sent 12.38


"Teacher? Where should I put this?" Lan WangJi turned his head towards the voice. Only then he realized that SiZhui was still in the room. "Just put in on my desk, thank you. You can go home for the day."

SiZhui nodded and a smile was plastered on his face. "Thank you teacher, see you next semester."

As SiZhui made his way out, he too grabbed his coat and rushed to the school's parking lot. He got in in his white SUV. Lan WangJi was excited. He didn't know or he didn't expect that Wei WuXian would come to Gusu so suddenly. Another unexpected warmth spread through his chest.

The road wasn't crowded so he only took 10 minutes drive to the station. As he drove closer to the pick up area, his heart thumped loudly. It was a familiar feeling of excitement. The one he realized only recently, that he had already felt long time ago in high school.

The white SUV came to a halt and Lan WangJi sprang up from the car. He searched through the crowds. Then his eyes landed on one gorgeous man, standing with an all black attire, contrasting with the white shawl he was wearing. The long hair was tied carelessly. Calming down his own heart, Lan WangJi walked to the man.

"Wei Ying."

The long haired man beamed and suddenly, he felt some weight landed on his shoulder. Wei WuXian's arm had already encircled his neck. Lan WangJi was forced to froze in his place. His body was rigid but his heart had jumbled here and there, madly.

"Lan Zhan! You really come to get me, I'm so happy! Thank you!" Wei WuXian chirped in excitement. It was almost like a loud whisper, so close to Lan WangJi's ear. The taller man could feel the hairs on his neck stood up.

Wei WuXian was still not letting go. Instead, he inhaled more the scent of Lan WangJi, the scent that he didn't know why he loved so much as it calmed his heart. He didn't know, hugging Lan WangJi would be this comfortable. It was perfect.

But he didn't know either, that the sudden embrace had made Lan WangJi's brain malfunctioning. Lan WangJi just stood there like a dead log. Both of his hands frozen on his sides. He wanted to return the hug, but he was unable to do so. He was so happy. He never felt that happy.

From the corner of his eyes, Wei WuXian could see some people already threw some interests to both of them. He frowned and glared to the staring people and let go of Lan WangJi reluctantly.

"Hahaha, sorry Lan Zhan! I was just so happy to see you again!"

Lan WangJi forced his brain to work again. The tip of his ear was already red. "Mn."

One of his brow was raised as Wei WuXian pondered. "Are you mad? I'm really sorry, I didn't mean-"

"I'm not mad at all." Lan WangJi looked into Wei WuXian's eyes, he wasn't mad at all. In fact, he had hoped Wei WuXian wouldn't let go.

Beaming, Wei WuXian grabbed Lan WangJi's arm and held on to it. "Okay, now you have to feed me with Gusu's food. The tasty ones!" Then Lan WangJi took Wei WuXian's suitcase and dragged it with his free hand, the one Wei WuXian wasn't latching on.

As they got in Lan WangJi's car, Wei WuXian behaved like an excited puppy. His eyes darted here and there, it was a really long time since he left Gusu that day. Some things had changed, but it was still the peaceful Gusu he remembered. Lan WangJi glanced to Wei WuXian's side. The man in black was looking outside, inhaling the sight. Seeing that he wasn't wearing his seatbelt, Lan WangJi leaned to his side.

A sudden close proximity of Lan WangJi's face to his almost made Wei WuXian jumped from his seat. "Lan Zhan..."

"Seatbelt."

"Ah.... Seatbelt, haha." Wei WuXian could feel his cheeks blushed. What was he thinking? Awkwardly, he tucked a stray hair behind his ear. Damn, Lan Zhan, what are you doing to me?

They drove in awkward silence for a while. Wei WuXian couldn't stand any kind of quietness, so he started blabbering. He pointed to any building he could remember and asked Lan WangJi's confirmation whether it was still the same building or not. Both of them was deep in reminiscing their youthful days.

"Lan Zhan, what do you want to eat?" Wei WuXian blurted suddenly.

Lan WangJi glanced to the rear mirror and turned on the left signal. They were driving aimlessly for a while. He didn't mind, as Wei WuXian was so excited to see the city again.

"You choose."

Wei WuXian scratched his nose, then looked at Lan WangJi from his seat. He wanted to see Lan WangJi's face to try to remember something good about Gusu. But instead, he came to admire the driving man's face. The high bridge of nose, the delicate eyes, the perfectly combed hairs, the pink and plump lips. Lan WangJi was indeed a really beautiful man. He used to tease him about it before, but only now he realized, that the teasing was only a form of him to mask his urge to compliment Lan WangJi's face.

Realizing how long he had stared at Lan WangJi's face, he shook his head. Wei WuXian didn't understand why he started to feel weird around him. Back in highschool he could endlessly tease the pokerfaced man, but after their re encounter and their constant talking through the phone, something different had stirred inside him. It was almost like Lan WangJi was the one who teased him with all of his kindness.

"I don't know, Lan Zhan. Choose it for me." Wei WuXian smiled at Lan WangJi. He still didn't want to tear his gaze from the beauty beside him.

Lan WangJi was indifferent to the immense amount of staring. "How about Gusu's grilled carp?"

"That's great actually. Let's go!"

The mention of fish dish had gotten Wei WuXian's interest. He sat giddily on his seat as he hummed a song. He didn't realize that it made Lan WangJi gripped the steering wheel tighter. Then after thirty minutes drive, they arrive on the outskirts of Gusu. 

Stopping on a somewhat humble house-like restaurant, Wei WuXian excitedly hopped off the car. He didn't know that this kind of place exist within Gusu. It looked warm, like the kind of restaurants he could easily find in Yunmeng. The car beeped and Lan WangJi walked past him.

Inside, the place was swarmed with people, but Lan WangJi wasn't fazed even for a bit. Wei WuXian followed behind him, his left hand tugging on Lan WangJi's coat. An old woman appeared from the back of the place and her face beamed as she saw Lan WangJi's face. She marched forward and cupped both of Lan WangJi's cheeks with her plump and wrinkled hands.

"My, my, look who has come to visit here? Young Master Lan, it's been such a long time." She moved Lan WangJi's face up and down, left and right. Lan WangJi gave her a slight smile. "You've grown up really well. Where's your brother? Is it him?"

Wei WuXian stepped forward for a bit, scratching his nose shyly. The old woman scanned him up and down then smiled widely. "Ah, it's not the older brother. Is this Young Master Lan's friend?" She moved towards Wei WuXian's side and grabbed both of his hands. "You're so beautiful. Both of you must be good friends, right? Young Master Lan never came here with anyone except his brother."

Smiling bashfully, Wei WuXian glanced at Lan WangJi who seemed indifferent. The lady then dragged them to a quiet corner of the place. Lan WangJi ordered a Gusu specialty of grilled carps and a spicy seafood soups. The old woman soon left both of them alone.

"So you often come here, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian fidgeted with the salt bottle in front of him.

"Mn. My Mother and Father used to bring me here with Brother." Lan WangJi's tone was stoic at the mention of his parents. "But then only me and my brother come here."

There was a curl on the corner of Wei WuXian's lips. Knowing the fact that Lan WangJi considered him as a close friend was enough for him. Someone appreciated and acknowledged his presence. It was enough.

Smiling and looking at Lan WangJi, Wei WuXian asked, "Why have you never take me here on our school holidays?" His smile was brighter than usual and Lan WangJi was trying to keep himself calm and composed.

"Never got the chance." Lan WangJi wasn't looking at him when he said that, his eyes were focused on the scenery outside.

Wei WuXian grinned. "But you wanted to, Lan Zhan?"

It finally got Lan WangJi to look at him. His golden eyes were crystal clear with sincerity. "Mn."

The sincere tone, the unwavering eyes, Wei WuXian's heart stopped. It was weird. Everything was weird. Lan WangJi was weird. Wei WuXian had chased and been chased by girls all his life, but he never thought his heart would left rumbling madly by a simple 'Mn' from another man. Especially not from Lan WangJi. If this new Lan WangJi had learned something, he certainly must had learned the 101 ways of how to flirt with girls.

"Hahaha, Lan Zhan. Just..." Wei WuXian covered half of his lower face with his hand, trying to mask his blushing face with a laugh. "Just how many girls have you got in these past years? I never knew you're such a smooth talker?"

Lan WangJi raised his eyebrows slightly. "I didn't say anything."

That got Wei WuXian caught in embarrassment again. Ah, the one who talked was me and he was merely responding. But then, he didn't deny that... Did he date... That's not your concern, Wei WuXian.

"Why are you in Gusu?" Lan WangJi asked, suddenly.

Propping his head on one hand, Wei WuXian held a playful smile. "Why do you think?"

"I don't know."

"It's because I miss Lan Zhan."

"..."

Lan WangJi gritted his teeth. He knew Wei WuXian was only teasing him, but then, those words still got the best of him. The redness started to crept on his ears again and he could feel his heart was about to jump out of chest. But like always, his face showed nothing.

"Are you angry, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian pouted. "I was joking. It's a bit too much, right? Hahaha, but it's true. I wanted to see you anyway. But actually, I've got some work to do here, sucks to work on holiday. My coworkers all forced me to do this. Poor me, right, Lan Zhan? That's why you shouldn't be angry with me."

"I'm not."

Not that long after, a waitress came and his eyes followed as she laid down the dishes to the table. Then, he saw how the waitress blushed as she intentionally glanced to Lan WangJi. She tried to stifle a smile and her face became redder when she realized that Wei WuXian had caught her staring at Lan WangJi. But Wei WuXian only smirked and the waitress ran a little while leaving their table. Indeed, he would have stared too.

When his attention was back to the food, a bowl of soup was already prepared in front of him. Wei WuXian smiled at Lan WangJi who was later pouring his own shared portion of the soup to his bowl. Together, they ate their food quietly as Lan WangJi despise talking while eating.

Though Wei WuXian couldn't help but slip some words here and there and Lan WangJi merely responded to it with a 'Mn'.

They finished their meal quickly and said goodbye to the lovely old lady. As they walked, Wei WuXian hesitated a bit on his steps. He didn't want to part with Lan WangJi yet. He tugged on Lan WangJi's sleeve again and the latter stopped on his way too.

"Lan Zhan, are you busy today?

__________________________________________


That moment in 2007


Jiang Cheng and Wei WuXian had just finished their lunch in the cafeteria. Wei WuXian's eyes darted everywhere looking for someone who usually sat alone on the front table. But there was no hint of his presence at all. Jiang Cheng notice how Wei WuXian kept fidgeting on his seat and furrowed his eyebrows.

"Wei WuXian!"

Wei WuXian almost jumped from his seat. "Jiang Cheng! Why are you yelling at me?" Then his eyes were looking everywhere else again.

Jiang Cheng rolled his eyes. "Why are you so jumpy? Are you looking for someone?"

"Yes! Have you seen Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian was looking at Jiang Cheng with the utmost curiosity.

Crossing both of his arms, Jiang Cheng snorted. "Are you guys really friend? Why do you always try to befriend him? He clearly doesn't like you!"

Wei WuXian, wasn't looking at Jiang Cheng again, answered. "But I like him. He's the only one who can beat me on Math and Physics, he even beat me on PE."

"Shouldn't you be annoyed then? I don't like someone beating me." A frown had formed on Jiang Cheng's face.

"Because almost everyone could beat you easily." Wei WuXian stuck out his tongue, mocking Jiang Cheng then bolted off from his seat. "Bye, I'm off for a quest of finding a beautiful princess!"

"Wei WuXian! You! Just wait until I get my hands on you!"

Jiang Cheng's wrath became more inaudible as he walked further from the cafeteria. Wei WuXian looked to the library but he wasn't there. He wasn't in the class either. Wei WuXian looked here and there and he walked away from the center of the school.

Then he got to the school's backyard and saw the figure he was looking for. Wei WuXian tip toed towards a lone boy sitting under a tree. His attention was fully focused on the book. That day was sunny and a bit hot, so maybe he chose to read under the shade with cool breeze breathing around him. As Wei WuXian made his way closer, he giggled a bit before shouting.

"Lan Zhannnn!"

But Lan WangJi wasn't fazed at all. He didn't even flinch from his seat. Wei WuXian pouted and plopped himself beside Lan WangJi.

Scratching his nose, his eyes peeked on the book Lan WangJi was reading. "You're really no fun! Is that book more interesting than me?"

"Mn."

"Always so mean to me. What are you reading?" Wei WuXian leaned his head closer to the book and Lan WangJi was surprised by the sudden proximity.

"History."

Leaning back to the tree with his hands crossed behind his head, Wei WuXian chirped. "Really, Lan Zhan, you're no fun."

Lan WangJi gave no response and continued to read his book. He didn't show it, but his demeanor had changed as he slightly slumped his almost too straight shoulder. They sat on silence for a while as Wei WuXian closed his eyes, seemingly taking a light nap. But then he muttered something.

"What do you want to be when you grow up, Lan Zhan?"

Turning a page of the book, Lan WangJi answered firmly. "A teacher."

Wei WuXian smirked. Lan WangJi would really be a great teacher.

"You?"

He didn't expect that Lan WangJi would return his curiosity. Wei WuXian got up from his back and sat beside Lan WangJi.

As usual, he scratched his nose when he was hesitant or shy. "Hmm... I haven't think about that actually." Lan WangJi was not looking at his book and instead his eyes tried to find Wei WuXian's.

"Do you have something you like?"

Wei WuXian's mout was pouting. "Drawing? Playing music? Tinkering? I have too many things I like!" Then he dropped himself to the ground again, watching as the clouds swam around the vast blue sky.

"Think about it slowly. You don't need to rush it." His tone was sincere and tender, not like the usual stoic with a glint of anger in it.

His gaze shifted from the clouds to Lan WangJi. This was why he liked hanging around that boring person. He never sugar coated his words nor he never tried to say something nice just for the sake of it. He was always so honest with everything he said and that's even more comforting.

Wei WuXian's eyes were closed again. What he actually wanted? His mind ran through lots of thing. Family. He wanted to have a family. The one who accepted him for who he was. Well maybe then he could live in the apartment next to Lan WangJi's family. That should be fun.

"Not going back?" Lan WangJi's soft voice broke his day dreaming.

Still covering his eyes with one hand, Wei WuXian replied lazily. "You go back first, I'm gonna stay here for a while." Then he heard rustling sound and Lan WangJi's footsteps, that gradually become quieter.

The afternoon breeze was friendly and soothing as Wei WuXian inhaled the fresh air of Gusu. Half an hour had passed in silence, except for the sound of the fluttering leaves. But then his ear caught an almost inaudible yell from afar. His curiosity made him jumped of his nap and rushed towards the source of the voice.

Following the walls of the backyard, the sound got clearer and clearer as he walked. But it sounded muffled, it wasn't inside the school. Wei WuXian turned his head left and right, confirming that no one saw him and climbed the wall. Scrunching his eyes, he could vaguely see Wen Qing and Wen Ning kneeling, circled by 10 people or so around them.

Wen Chao was standing on the center of the circle and his index finger constantly poking and shoving Wen Qings head. Seeing that, Wei WuXian could feel all the blood rushed to his face due to the anger that built up inside him. He couldn't make what Wen Chao was saying, but his eyes could definitely see that he was bullying the siblings. Trying to be as quiet as possible, Wei WuXian climbed the wall and dropped on the other side. Luckily, he had sneaked out from school many times that this task was no stranger to him.

Almost tip toeing, Wei WuXian walked and hid behind a big tree just about five meters from them. No one paid attention to him as they were busy laughing and mocking the Wen Siblings. From there, he could hear clearly what they were saying.

"You, just because you're pretty, you think you could talk back to me?" From where he stood, now Wei WuXian could see how Wen Chao shoved Wen Qing's head with his finger. "You're just children from nobody. I could easily make my father fire your dad from my company and you'll all be beggars on the street."

Wei WuXian could feel his knuckles go numb as he was clenching his fist so hard. He knew Wen Chao was terrible but never knew he was this worse.

Wen Chao smirked and grabbed Wen Qing's hair. "You really dare to disagree with me?"

"I did all you ask. Doing your homeworks. Doing your laundries. Bringing foods to your room. I'm not your maid! Isn't that enough?" Wen Qing looked straight into Wen Chao's eyes. She wasn't showing any signs of fear.

A sound of a slap echoed and Wei WuXian's heart dropped as he saw Wen Qing's head turned right from the impact.

Wen Chao's hand was still hovering in the air as he snapped. "I fucking asked you to be my girlfriend and you dared to say no?! Who gave you the right?!"

Wen Qing spitted and turned her head back to the menacing boy. "I won't let you lay a single hand on me ever again!"

Hearing that, Wen Chao's blood boiled and he pushed himself forward, trying to force a kiss on Wen Qing but then find himself getting shoved to ground. It was Wen Ning. He was afraid of doing anything but seeing her sister got treated like that, he found the strength he never knew he had before. But soon after he realized what he had done, his face fell dark in horror.

"You son of a bitch!" Wen Chao got up and kicked Wen Ning's stomach in full force and Wen Ning fell down in an instant. He was writhing on the ground.

It was the threshold for Wei WuXian. When he slapped Wen Qing, he was in utter shock that Wen Chao would stoop that low so he was frozen still. But seeing that Wen Chao even kicked a younger junior who was so weak and timid, he couldn't just stay silent.

"Wen Chao, Wen Chao, I never thought you're actually this kind of person." Wei WuXian made his way from behind the tree and then all eyes were on him. "I always know you're a jerk, but turns out you're an animal as well? Oh no, it's a pity for animals to be compared to you. You're a trash."

Wen Chao's eyes were bloodshot red hearing that. All the muscles in his face was strained as he heard someone talked lowly to him. "WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!"

Wei WuXian smirked as he walked closer to the crowd. "Me? Never heard of me? Well, now listen carefully. I'm Wei WuXian."

"What's this irrelevant person doing here? Aren't him the son of a servant from Jiang family?" Someone from the gang shouted in the background.

Hearing that, Wei WuXian's smirk disappeared but he still kept himself calm and composed. "So, you go around beating women and weak people, Wen Chao?"

"Not your business!" Vein was bulging on his neck. A son of a servant dared to talk lowly about him? "You won't escape alive today."

Wen Qing's eyes grew wide in terror, she knew what Wen Chao capable of doing. It wasn't an empty threat. "Wei WuXian, this is none of your business. Just go back!"

Instead of turning back like what Wen Qing was telling him to do, Wei WuXian walked even closer. "Sorry, I can't stand dirty things so I come to collect these trashes."

"Son of a bitch! All of you, get him!"

Wei WuXian didn't flinch as he saw ten or so guys marched towards him.

"Bring it on."

__________________________________________

Lan WangJi turned around and scanned Wei WuXian's face. It was weird, he rarely saw Wei WuXian being hesitant. He usually just do whatever he wanted.

"I'm not, why?"

Wei WuXian let go of Lan WangJi's sleeve. His eyes wandered around, avoiding the other man's gaze. His index finger automatically scratched his own nose from the nervousness.

"There's... There's... Umm, there's..." Lan WangJi furrowed his brows as it was unusual for Wei WuXian to stutter. But then he continued, "There's a movie I want to see!" Like usual, Wei WuXian was smiling too bright for him to handle.

But then he relaxed himself as he thought there was something wrong happening to Wei WuXian. "What movie?"

"Well... I don't know yet." Wei WuXian turned to scratch the back of his head. It wasn't itchy but his hand couldn't just stay still.

Lan WangJi looked at Wei WuXian in confusion. "You just said there was a movie you wanted to see."

Only then he realized his mistake and Wei WuXian grinned awkwardly. "A... Ah, yes.... Right... Haha..."

Wei WuXian, are you usually this stupid? He used one hand to smack his own forehead.

"Let's go."

Lan WangJi had already turned with his back facing Wei WuXian as he walked to the car. Puzzled, Wei WuXian trailed behind in hesitation. "Eh, where?"

"You said you wanted to see a movie."

Hearing that, Wei WuXian trotting on his feet as he followed the taller man to the car.

It was Tuesday night but the cinema was packed with people. Maybe it was because Christmas holidays had started so people gathered to places where they could do something with their families or specific others. Wei WuXian insisted for Lan WangJi to just sit and wait as he took care of the tickets and snacks.

Wei WuXian held one big bucket of popcorns and two cups of soda as he tried to find Lan WangJi in the crowd. It wasn't that hard to spot him as Lan WangJi always stood out from other people, but then Wei WuXian stopped on his spot. Lan WangJi wasn't alone. A young girl was sitting beside him and they were conversing. Wei WuXian continued to watch the situation and he felt something weird turned on his stomach as he saw Lan WangJi... Smiled.

"Wow that person is so good looking." Wei WuXian turned his gaze from Lan WangJi to someone behind him. It was a girl and she was whispering to another girl beside her. Yeah, indeed but why does Lan Zhan has to be that good looking for no reason at all? The girl's whisper got louder and it was too loud to be called a whisper as Wei WuXian could decipher it clearly. They continued to giggle and walked past Wei WuXian as they added. "Look at both of them smiling, must be so lucky to be his girlfriend."


Girlfriend? Lan WangJi has a girlfriend? Hahaha, that's the most ridiculous thing I heard today. Who would want to be his girlfriend? Well then... Who would not?


Wei WuXian shook his head and made his way towards the overly friendly girl and Lan WangJi.

"Lan Zhan, who's this beautiful woman? Why you never told me about her?" Wei WuXian gave her a big, a bit too big actually, smile.

The girl raised her eyebrows at the stranger but still gave him a smile. She knew that he wasn't really complimenting her. It was like a tone that a girl would use when she felt intimidated by another girl and were forced to say something nice.

Lan WangJi turned his head to Wei WuXian and the girl. "ZiYi, this is Wei WuXian, my friend. And Wei Ying, this is ZiYi." He then helped to take the sodas from Wei WuXian's hand.

ZiYi reached her hand forward and Wei WuXian grabbed it firmly. Too firmly. "Hi, I'm Lan Zhan's... Friend." He enunciated the word friend clearly.

"Nice to meet you." The girl retracted her hand quickly and turned to Lan WangJi again. "It's really nice seeing you again but my Mother is waiting. Have a good day." Then ZiYi sprinted out quickly leaving both of them alone.

Lan WangJi was confused, why did she walked so fast as if she just saw a ghost? Then he looked at Wei WuXian, but the latter just shrugged and shook his head lightly.

"Never knew you could smile like that, Lan Zhan." Wei WuXian sat down beside Lan WangJi, the place that was occupied by the girl before.

"Ah, she was one of my first students. She said she saw me and wanted to say hi." Lan WangJi stood up and took the bucket from Wei WuXian while still holding both cups of soda.

Wei WuXian walked beside him and interrogated him in the process. "She's so pretty! Do you like her?" Yes, Wei WuXian knew it was a stupid question, but it escaped his mouth just like that.

"No." It didn't take any second for Lan WangJi to answer.

Wei WuXian smirked. "No? Why not? She's really pretty! And she also seemed kind. You should date her, Lan Zhan!"

Lan WangJi stopped. He looked at Wei WuXian's eyes firmly. "Should I date her?"

His tone was cold and demanding. Wei WuXian could feel his heart churned. Did Lan WangJi just get... Angry? Uh, well, he indeed pried too much to his privacy.

Luckily, the announcement said that the door to their theater was opened so Wei WuXian rushed on his steps. "Ah, the movie is starting. Let's go, Lan Zhan."

A while later, a cold sweat ran down on Lan WangJi's back. He did let Wei WuXian paid and took care of everything, but he didn't think Wei WuXian would choose horror instead of holiday movies. Although he tried his best not to show it, Lan WangJi still flinched at the slightest sound whenever the scene got quieter.

It didn't escape Wei WuXian's eyes. He tried so hard to hide his giggle as he saw how Lan WangJi's eyes would twitch whenever the ghost came on screen. And he also almost laughed out loud when Lan WangJi brought one of his hand to cover his eyes but then he was consicous of it and didn't continue to do so. Wei WuXian, never in a million years, would think that Lan WangJi was afraid of ghosts.

As the movie progress, Lan WangJi fidgeted so much on his seat and Wei WuXian didn't find it funny anymore. He should have asked Lan WangJi first when choosing the movie. He saw Lan WangJi's left hand gripped the handrest tightly. Wei WuXian didn't know what got into him but he suddenly had a big, an enormous urge, to hold that trembling hand.

He tried his best to keep his poker face, keeping his eyes to screen, while his hand looked for Lan WangJi's. Then, he felt a sudden electricity ran through him as the skin made contact. He grabbed Lan Wangji's hand firmly, enveloping it with his own. Lan WangJi turned his head to Wei WuXian but the long haired man didn't dare to tear his eyes from the screen.

Instead of fear, Lan WangJi's mind was now numb because Wei WuXian just held his hand. In hesitation, he did something unexpected as he turned his palm upwards and interlaced his fingers with Wei WuXian's then gripped it tighter. Though his ear had burned red, he tried his best to keep his eyes focused on the screen.

On the other hand, Wei WuXian almost jumped out of his seat when Lan WangJi laced their hands together. His heart was thumping loudly and it beat too fast that Wei WuXian was afraid it would suddenly stop. What happened? Yes, he was the one who grabbed Lan WangJi's hand. But why's he the one who's blushing? Trying to calm his nervousness, Wei WuXian kept munching the popcorns on his lap. Lan WangJi didn't even take a bite and clenched his jaw.

Two hours passed just like that and neither both of them could recall what the movie was about as only their bodies were there but their minds weren't. The popcorns in the huge bucket was all gone and Wei WuXian even tried to slurp on his now empty cup of soda. When the lights turned back on, Wei WuXian could see clearly how their hands were tangled with each other and he pulled his hand like it was burned by a boiling water.

Damn, now Lan Zhan must think that I'm a creep. But didn't he grabbed my hand too? Well, of course, it was because the movie was too scary. What are you thinking, Wei WuXian?


They walked to the car in silence and the awkwardness still hadn't melt when they got in the car. Lan WangJi just asked where Wei WuXian stayed and Wei WuXian gave him the address. The drive was quiet and soon they arrived at a small hotel on the heart of Gusu.

Wei WuXian said thanks too many times and bowed awkwardly. Lan WangJi didn't say anything and only said 'see you later' before he drove away, leaving him alone. Composing himself, Wei WuXian walked to the lobby, dragging his black suitcase.

It was a small but neat hotel. Someone was talking to the receptionist in higher voice, almost seemed like she was yelling. He tried to ignore it as he walked to the other receptionist on the table.

"Goodnight, Sir. We're sorry, but our rooms are currently fully booked and unavailable." The receptionist face was full of anxiety and worry but she tried her best to put on a smile.

Wei WuXian smiled and took out his phone. "I had made the reservation three days ago under the name Wei WuXian."

The receptionist smiled and asked him to wait a bit as she checked and fiddled with the computer screen in front of her. While waiting, Wei WuXian couldn't help but listen to the woman yelling beside him. The receptionist who handled her looked like she almost cried on the spot.

"But I have booked it since a week ago! My families are waiting and you say the rooms are full? It's not my concern! It was miscalculation on your side! How do you expect me to look for another hotel instantly? Christmas is near, you expect me to easily find a room?" A lady in her mid 50s was flaring, her veins popped from her neck and forehead.

"We... We're really sorry. The one who took in your booking was an intern. He must had forgot to input it in our-" Her voice was trembling as she tried her best to calm the raging lady.

Wei WuXian turned his head as the other receptionist called his name and handed him the key to his room. He looked at the key long and hard as his mind ran around processing things. Then he took turn to look at the almost crying front girl and the angry lady. Sighing, he coughed hard, gaining both of their attentions.

"Seemed like there's a trouble? Sorry for suddenly intruding, I didn't mean to eavesdrop but my friend just called me and he said I could stay in his place. Here, I haven't paid anything so you could just use my room."

Wei WuXian smiled to the lady and gave a wink to the receptionist. The lady raised her brows, surprised, but still gave him a thanks. The front girl continued to thank him and apologize for the troubles. It took some time for Wei WuXian to calm her and when she finally done apologizing to him, Wei WuXian walked out of the lobby and sighed.


Wei WuXian, Wei WuXian, always got yourself in people's business, aren't you?


He took out his phone from his pocket and called a number. It was answered immediately. A nervous smile was seen on Wei WuXian's face.

"Lan Zhan, I'm sorry to trouble you again but... Can I stay in your place?"




Chapter End Notes
How was it?I hope you like it! (＠_＠;)Well well, are Wei WuXian going to stay in Lan WangJi's apartment? Omg! (⊙_◎)Thanks for reading this story! Responses are very welcomed! Have a nice day! (｡♡‿♡｡)


A Sunny Winter
Chapter Summary
It was strange yet familiar. They never thought that the other's presence in the room would make everything felt different. How they secretly wish, that it would last for an eternity.
Chapter Notes
So, the first thing I'm gonna say is... I'm sorry (╥﹏╥) It took me months to update... The thing is, I've already wrote like 60% of this chapter but then Covid-19 is happening and my life went in chaos lol got laid off from work is one of the drawback so I had to do some jobseeking (｡•́︿•̀｡)Then I kinda lost my motivation to write. I read my files few days ago and only remember that I had already write more than half of it (• ▽ •;)Now that my life is getting stable again, I hope I can update regularly again like before (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づSorry for the long rant, I hope you're still here to finish this story with me (´-﹏-`；)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





The street lights danced and flickered as the car cut through the bustling city. Lan WangJi had one of his hand on the steering wheel while the other hand stayed put over his mouth. His mind wasn't in the right place as someone sat beside him and they were driving... To his place. Excitement, anxiety, worries, hope all mixed together in his head and he didn't even knew how to process them. He took a deep breath and tried his best to focus on the road, not someone beside him.

Wei WuXian just sat, abnormally quiet, on the passenger seat. He didn't know why Lan WangJi's face was so stoic. Did he upset him? Well he knew, Lan WangJi must have driven a bit far to go back again to fetch him. But then, he could just say no if he didn't want to? Wei WuXian also took a deep breath, he wondered why he always inconvenience Lan WangJi in every way possible.

They stopped at a red light and the silence was suffocating Wei WuXian. He coughed intentionally and stretched both of his hands upwards. He had to face the problem, he didn't want to run away anymore.

"Lan Zhan." He called him in the softest tone possible, hoping to melt Lan WangJi's icy demeanor.

Lan WangJi shifted on his seat. But he slowly turned his head to the one speaking. "Mn." It was his usual response but it was enough for Wei WuXian.

Wei WuXian smiled. "I'm really sorry for troubling you. Have you driven far?" He clasped both of his hands on his lap.

"No. It's not a trouble. I was still near the area."

He didn't know if Lan WangJi said it because he didn't want to make him uncomfortable but as far as he knew Lan WangJi all this time, he wasn't capable of lying. The clasp on his hands loosened as he heard that.

The cold atmosphere had melt little by little and Wei WuXian started to chatter as usual. "Is your place still far from here? Where do you live? Hmmm, for a prince like you, don't tell me you live in a castle?"

Lan WangJi could see the glint of playfulness on Wei WuXian's eyes before he turned his head forward as the light changed to a green color.

"I don't."

Still with his playful tone, Wei WuXian mimicked a scared face. "Don't tell me you live with Lan QiRen?!"

A small part of him wanted to tease Wei WuXian by answering yes, but he swallowed down that idea. "No."

The horror on Wei WuXian's face disappeared but then it was replaced by another look of worry.

So... Lan Zhan lives alone? And I'm staying over there. Hahaha, Wei WuXian, what are you thinking? You've stayed over at Wen Ning's too for so many times. It's the same, it's the same.

Wei WuXian suddenly laughed out of nowhere.

"What happened?" Lan WangJi glanced over him as he drove.

Looking at Lan WangJi's face beside him, he analyzed his own mind. Wen Ning was his friend and Lan WangJi was his friend too. But he never felt his heart beated this rapidly when he was with Wen Ning. Is it normal for friends? He had just celebrated his 30th birthday last October but he still got himself confused over things like this.

Lan WangJi grew even more worried. "Wei Ying?"

Hearing his name called by Lan WangJi, his heart thumped even louder. Wei WuXian grabbed the hair on the sides of his own head. His heart dropped at the sudden realization. No, it's not the same. Is it because I haven't met him after a long time? Yes, yes, must had been because of that.

"Ah... N-no- nothing. I just... Got lost in thoughts, hehe."

While Wei WuXian had drowned himself in his own thoughts, the car was pulling over on the basement parking of the lot. Lan WangJi skillfully parked his car on the VIP section and the engine shut down. They stayed inside for a while as Wei WuXian was still busy with his own head.

"Not getting out?"

Wei WuXian snapped back to the reality and moved his head around.

"Ah, we've arrived?" He scratched his head and opened the door.

Lan WangJi got out and took Wei WuXian's suitcase from the trunk. Dragging it, he walked to the lift and behind him, the long haired man marveled at how big the parking lot alone. His own apartment was small and modest, but he did expect Lan WangJi would live in somewhat extravagant place. Though Lan WangJi never showed it off, everyone knew that he was loaded. He was the heir of the Gusu Foundation and Company after all.

A slender finger pressed the 8th floor button and the lift shot upwards. Lan WangJi didn't show it, but he was deeply nervous. Wei WuXian would stay over his place. He repeated those words over and over in his head. The lift beeped and the door was opened when they finally reached the floor they were going too. Lan WangJi composed himself and walked in front of Wei WuXian, guiding him.

On the fifth unit, Lan WangJi hesitated a bit as he pressed the lock numbers to his apartment. His fingers were trembling, but it was so subtle that Wei WuXian didn't notice it. In fact, Wei WuXian might had trembled harder than him.

The door was finally open and Wei WuXian could already smell the sandalwoods scent from inside. He smiled at the fact than Lan WangJi smelled the same as his room. He helped Lan WangJi with his luggage and finally stepped inside.

Anyone would believe that it was a hospital room soon as they stepped inside. As far as his eyes wandered, everything was white and pristine clean. The sofa, the walls, the tables, the curtains, despite some greens on the corners of the room and hint of blue on some furnitures, it was like he was standing inside a blank white paper. If he was the one living here, he would have decorated the place with some blacks or red.

But then his eyes found a black lump walking from the right side of the room.

"Meow."

As the view got clearer, Wei WuXian's heart froze. It was a cat. A cat that looked so familiar to him. He didn't want to believe it but a smile had already crept over his face.

"Lan Zhan! Is that... Is that... Rabbit?!"

Wei WuXian lunged forward and grabbed Rabbit. He nuzzled his nose on Rabbit's face. The cat looked slightly annoyed but he let Wei WuXian did whatever he wanted anyway.

"Mn."

Tons of feelings suddenly flushed inside him. Rabbit was the cat they rescued together back in highschool. He indeed had forgotten about him after he transfered but he totally didn't expect that Lan WangJi would take care of Rabbit. He felt nostalgic and sad at the same time.

"Rabbit, Rabbit, I never thought I will meet you again! How have you been? Lan Zhan must have been taking a good care of you. Look at all this fat!" Wei WuXian couldn't hold his excitement.

Lan WangJi smiled a bit at the sight and continued to walk and placed Wei WuXian's luggage on the guest room. When he got back to the living room, Rabbit was struggling on Wei WuXian's clutch, wanting to be freed already.

Wei WuXian pouted. "You still don't like me, eh?"

"He's hungry. Do you want to feed him?"

Beaming, Wei WuXian looked at Lan WangJi and nodded excitedly. "Of course!"

Then they walked to the kitchen and Lan WangJi handed him a box of kibble. Wei WuXian poured it in Rabbit's bowl and Rabbit gulped them down like he was drinking. Wei WuXian chuckled at that sight.

"Slow down! Don't act like you're starving, look at how big you are already! Hahahaha."

Lan WangJi walked to the kitchen station and took something from the drawer and soon after he was busy with his things.

Wei WuXian looked at Rabbit fondly as his mind wandered. He was beyond surprised that he could see Rabbit in Lan WangJi's place. "Lan Zhan, why have you never told me that you are keeping Rabbit here?"

The man that was currently holding a pan froze. "You never asked." He answered matter of factly.

"Tsk... You still should have told me. We raised it together before." Wei WuXian whispered to himself.

Rabbit was done eating and left him soon after. Wei WuXian pouted, the cat only loved him because he gave him food. He got up from his crouching position and gasped as he saw Lan WangJi stood in front of the stove. How many times did he have to be surprised today?

"Lan Zhan, are you cooking?"

Lan WangJi didn't look at him as he was focused on his own task. "Mn. Dinner."


Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan, you really shouldn't spoil me this much... Or else...


The stove was positioned so the one cooking could be seen from the pantry. Wei WuXian's eyes scanned Lan WangJi over and over from head to toe. How his beautiful and delicate hands danced over the ingredients. How the apron he used matched himself well. And... how beautiful Lan WangJi looked when he was cooking. For the many times already, Wei WuXian could feel his heart rampaged because of the man in front of him.

Wei WuXian walked nervously to the sofa on the living room. He couldn't handle seeing Lan WangJi cooking. It made him feel weird. Grabbing anything his hand could reach on the rack beside the sofa, Wei WuXian tried his best to read the gardening magazine on his lap. Though his mind kept getting back to the man standing on the kitchen.

Fifteen minutes passed and Wei WuXian almost jumped from his seat as his name got called.

"Wei Ying, dinner."

Wei WuXian mustered up his courage and walked to the dining table. How could Lan WangJi called him so easily about dinner? Is he the only one feeling weird about this whole situation?

Lan WangJi dragged his own seat carefully and sat himself across Wei WuXian. He had cooked a simple pasta dish, which appealed very mouth watering to the hungry Wei WuXian.

"Lan Zhan, I never have guessed that... You cook?" Wei WuXian let out a small laugh, trying to hide his awkwardness.

Lan WangJi was staring seriously at his own dish, like he wasn't anywhere near satisfied with it. "Sorry, I can only make this for now. I don't have anything on the fridge."

Wei WuXian could clearly saw the disappointed look on Lan WangJi's face. The dishes look perfect but then, Lan WangJi always wanted to do his best in anything. Not wanting to make Lan WangJi dwelve into his own thoughts too long, Wei WuXian grabbed his fork and start raving onto the dish.

He took a mouthful and he didn't even need to exaggerate his reaction about the taste. "Lan Zhan, mmm, I'm serious but this is good." Wei WuXian talked with his mouth still full.

Lan WangJi smiled a little. He had wanted to remind Wei WuXian not to talk while eating but his response got him happy. It felt like a dream, ever since this afternoon, everything felt like a dream. A dream Lan WangJi didn't want to wake up from. Still smiling, he took a spoon of his pasta to his own mouth. It indeed taste good.

Gobbling his last bit of food, Wei WuXian was grinning from ear to ear. "Lan Zhan, I wish you could cook for me everyday!" His eyes was sparkling as he looked at the man across him.

Lan WangJi's breath hitched. He should have gotten used to Wei WuXian spitting words carelessly. But still, his heart raced a bit hearing that.

"You... Could come anytime." His words was hesitant. He knew Wei WuXian coming to Gusu was not a regular thing. He should not get used to it.

Wei WuXian realized it too and his smile faded as the time go.

"Okay, you cook, I wash the dishes!"

Lan WangJi watched as Wei WuXian grabbed the empty plates and walked to the dishwasher. He couldn't get his mind off of the idea of living with Wei WuXian. It felt too natural, too familiar. Seeing Wei WuXian's back, he really wanted to plead him to stay and to never leave this place ever again. But he knew he couldn't. Wei WuXian didn't think about him that way.

That night, they parted ways as Lan WangJi guided him to the guest room. He left Wei WuXian alone and went to isolate himself in the quietness of his own working room. Though his hand was skillfully scribbling words on a paper, his mind had always went back to the very presence on the other room.

It was the same for Wei WuXian. He didn't know whether he couldn't kept his eyes shut because it wasn't a familiar place or because of the fact that Lan WangJi was just a mere steps away from his room. The night felt like forever.

__________________________________________


The day in 2007


Lan WangJi had just finished re-reading today's lessons when he heard a loud knock on his door. He looked at the big clock hanging on his wall, it was almost 8 in the evening. Students should be on their own room by that time.

With careful but determined steps, Lan WangJi walked to his door.

"Jiang WanYin?"

Jiang Cheng stood on his doorstep with eyes glaring with rage.

"Is Wei WuXian here?" He tried to be as civil as possible but Lan WangJi could still hear the anger in his tone.

"No. Why would he be here?"

Lan WangJi was just as confused. Jiang Cheng clenched his fist and his frown became more apparent.

"Did he come to see you this afternoon?"

Lan WangJi furrowed his eyebrows. Indeed, they met on the school backyard. "Yes, but I left first. Jiang WanYin, please tell me what happened."

Jiang Cheng took a deep breath and his glare softened. "I didn't see him ever since he looked for you. He hadn't come back to his room. I asked around and no one saw him." He paused and continued, "he usually do whatever he wants but he never forget to tell me. But today, it wasn't like him at all. Okay, seems like you don't know either. Sorry to disturb you."

Lan WangJi hadn't been able to say anything before Jiang Cheng bolted off on his own. Drown in his own thoughts, Lan WangJi went back to his room and sat himself on the edge of his bed. Where could Wei WuXian go? Nothing seemed off or weird this afternoon when they met.

Five days had passed since Wei WuXian was missing and people start gossiping about him whenever they could. Lan WangJi had tried to avoid people as much as he could but it was unavoidable after all. It was like the walls could even talk.

"Did you hear? Wei WuXian got transferred! He made Wen Chao got into a coma!" One girl was talking loudly behind him. It was the library, but it was never quiet ever since Wei WuXian was missing.

Another girl chimed in. "Serve him right! He always break the school rules, does he think he own this place or what? It's truly a waste of his pretty face." The group of girls giggled hearing that.

A girl who sat not that far from the group's table slammed her palm to the table. "Don't you girls have any better thing to do? Didn't you hear that Wei WuXian only defended himself but that stupid Wen Chao fell and injured himself?"

"Mianmian, why are you so mad? Do you like him or what? Hahaha. Poor you, he liked too many girls." The girl who talked loudly snapped at her.

Lan WangJi couldn't held it in anymore. He got up from his seat and walked to the door, not forgetting to pass by the group of gossiping girl.

"You're talking too loud, it's disturbing. This is a library. Go talk somewhere else."

The girl who got told off almost cry on the site. She never thought that Lan WangJi was there. Lan WangJi was the man every girl ever dreamed to be with, but just now, Lan WangJi wasn't even looking at her when he told her off. Mianmian smiled, feeling satisfied and left the place with the air of dignity around her.

Lan WangJi walked to the green house with heavy steps as his mind wandered. Wei WuXian was transferred to another school. He had tried to ask Jiang Cheng about where he got transferred to, but he always seemed pissed off whenever he tried to talk to him. Jiang Cheng had always rambling about how Lan WangJi had lied and told Lan QiRen about the whole situation of Wei WuXian. Of course it wasn't true, but Lan WangJi didn't feel the need to clarify himself to Jiang Cheng. He didn't need validation.

Rabbit was waiting for him as usual. Ever since Wei WuXian got transferred, Lan WangJi was the only one who took care of the cat. He purred on Lan WangJi's touch. Seeing Rabbit, Lan WangJi couldn't help thinking about Wei WuXian. How everything felt dull and quiet without him. He didn't know since when he liked being around Wei WuXian, but now that he was gone, he knew that Wei WuXian was the only friend he ever had.

Rabbit meowed at him. "Do you know where Wei Ying is?" He felt stupid, but he couldn't help to ask.

Of course, he didn't get any answer. And for another thirteen years, he never got any.

__________________________________________

Wei WuXian stirred and tossed on his bed. Not his own bed, it was a bed in Lan WangJi's guest room. His eyes snapped open suddenly. He couldn't sleep peacefully that night. Looking at a small alarm on the night stand beside him, Wei WuXian sighed, it was only half past six.

Rubbing his eyes lazily, Wei WuXian sat up. He tied his messy hair carelessly and walked to the door. His steps was halted as he saw Lan WangJi was already wearing his coat and about to exit the house.

"Lan Zhan? Where are you going so early in the morning?" Wei WuXian yawned.

"To the market." Lan WangJi then glanced to the kitchen. "I had made you a hot tea, you could boil it for a bit if you want to drink it."

Scratching his neck, Wei WuXian answered. "Wait, let me come with you!"

"You don't have to-" But Wei WuXian had already went to his room. Soon after, he followed Lan WangJi to his car.

The ride was silent, it's like there's always there's a thin barrier between them. They are close yet felt so far. Both of them are either afraid or the thirteen years gap was truly putting a distance between them.

Not that long after, the car stopped on the side road. The market was crowded with people. Lan WangJi had always preferred the traditional market than the modern ones. The vegetables and fruits were fresher and he felt it helped the local economies.

Lan WangJi checked and scanned the stalls with his eyes. He occasionally stopped when he saw the freshest goods and made sure he bought some. The merchants were always smiling at him as he's a familiar face on the market. Again, Lan WangJi's face was not something to be easily forgotten.

When he was checking a fruit stall, Wei WuXian had suddenly stood beside him. "Lan Zhan, you really looked too beautiful to shop in this kind of place, hehe." Lan WangJi looked at Wei WuXian who had leaned himself on the stall.

"What are you saying?" Lan WangJi ignored him but as always, his heart just beat a little faster because of that. "How much a kilogram of these?" Lan WangJi held up an apple on his hand.

The seller was a young girl and she beamed as she saw a handsome man like Lan WangJi was talking to her. "Oh, it's only-"

"Wow, you're so pretty, Sister! How could someone be this pretty? Right, Lan Zhan? Wow, even the fruits looks as fresh as you, what's your name?" Wei WuXian interrupted her, flirting on the way.

The girl blushed and she answered her name. In the end, they got a half price discount because of Wei WuXian's constant flirting. But Lan WangJi's face was bitter ever since they left the stall.

Wei WuXian noticed it and teased him as he bit down the free apple he just got. "Lan Zhan, why do you look so pissed off? I got you a discount!"

Lan WangJi still wasn't looking at him. "Do you always flirt carelessly?." He felt ridiculous since he got his heart racing because Wei WuXian called him beautiful, only to hear the latter said the same thing to another person.

"Aiya! You must be jealous that everyone likes me right?" Wei WuXian walked faster and then turned to face him, walking backwards. "I can teach you but first you have to get rid of that frown on your face!"

Lan WangJi ignored him and walked past him, intentionally bumping his shoulder with Wei WuXian. Wei WuXian laughed, Lan WangJi could be funny at times. He ran a little as he followed the taller man to his car.

Soon as they got back to Lan WangJi's apartment, the owner of the place had already busied himself with the ingredients he just bought. Wei WuXian couldn't help but taking a bit of interest, wanting to see Lan WangJi cooking from a closer perspective. He helped taking out the fresh vegetables, meats and fruits and sorted them on the fridge.

Lan WangJi had told him to just wait but Wei WuXian insisted to help. It wasn't long before Wei WuXian let out a small scream. He had just cut himself from chopping the onion.

"Wei Ying!"

Lan WangJi took his hand and ran it under running cold water. Wei WuXian winced at the pain and coldness. He took care of his wound quietly and shoved Wei WuXian out of the kitchen, earning a pout from the long haired man.

Again, Wei WuXian was forced to watch Lan WangJi cook from the dining room. Lan WangJi was currently washing vegetables with his back facing him. His back look wide and sturdy.


Woah, Lan Zhan's back is really wide. I wonder how it feels to hug- wait, why would I hug Lan Zhan's back?


Wei WuXian shook his head. "L- Lan Zhan! I'm bored! I'm going to watch TV!" And for the second time since he got in that house, his mind always went back to the same spot, to the same person. His daydreaming abruptly stopped when Lan WangJi called him from the kitchen.

"Wei Ying, let's eat."

The person who just mindlessly daydreaming shot up like a bullet and dashed to the kitchen. Lan WangJi had made a chicken congee with grilled meat as a side dish. A smile lighted up on Wei WuXian's face. Those were another favorite dishes of him. It felt like, though it was impossible, Lan WangJi was really trying to spoil him.

Wei WuXian was still grinning when he sat himself across Lan WangJi. "Lan Zhan, how can you make this all so quickly?" His hand immediately grabbed the spoon and gulped down a spoonful of the warm congee. "The taste is to die for!"

Lan WangJi just sat there in silence, basking all of the other man's reaction. He didn't even realize that the corner of his mouth had already curling upwards. It was a rare sight, but most of the time, it happened when Wei WuXian was around him.

It didn't take that long for Wei WuXian to empty his bowl and cleanse the other plates. There were no crumbs and leftover left to be seen. Wei WuXian felt content, because the food was truly good and it was cooked by Lan WangJi.

Tapping his now full tummy, Wei WuXian slumped on his chair and stared at the man across him.

"Lan Zhan, just marry me."

The older man coughed on his water and Wei WuXian panicked as he gave him a napkin. "Lan Zhan! Are you okay?"

"Y- yes," Lan WangJi wiped his lips and continued, still not on his right mind, "what are you saying?"

Wei WuXian laughed. "Hahahaha, Lan Zhan, sorry! You must be surprised and annoyed right? I just thought that the girl who's gonna marry you is going to be so lucky since she'll get to eat your cooking everyday." The light on his face went off slightly, "I kind of feel jealous, hahaha."

Clenching his fist, Lan WangJi tried hard to calm his rapidly beating heart. Wei WuXian was so nonchalant about it and he didn't have any idea how it almost made Lan Wangji passed out from the shock.

"I've said you could come over anytime."

"Yeah, but it still won't be the same." Wei WuXian pouted and stood up at the same time. "Hahaha, sorry, I was talking nonsense Lan Zhan. I'm going to sleep more before my work at the opening tonight."


__________________________________________





Chapter End Notes
Well... I want to marry Lan WangJi too! (^～^;)ゞThanks for reading, I hope you guys all stay safe in this condition. The next chapter is gonna be bonus chapter when they spent the Christmas Eve together! (灬º‿º灬)♡And there only be few chapters left (maybe 2 chapters more) and then epilogue and another bonus chapter ᕙ(  • ‿ •  )ᕗComments your thought below, it'll be very much appreciated ╰(＾3＾)╯


The Christmas Eve
Chapter Summary
Something has changed and it was irreversible. The thing that matter is, whether both of them are accepting that change or chose to conform to the usual way. Like a snow that melt, the thin ice walls are no longer existing.
Chapter Notes
So I was planned this to be just a bonus chapter but then as I'm writing this, I felt like it's actually as long as a regular chapter so might as well make it to a regular update... ╰(＾3＾)╯

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Rubbing his eyes, Wei WuXian winced at the sunlight creeping through the curtains. It's already the next day. He got home late after the branch opening and dinner yesterday and when he got home, Lan WangJi had just slept. Wei WuXian smiled a little at the fact that Lan WangJi had never changed even after more than a decade had passed. And for other reason that it was actually nice to wake up knowing there's someone else inside the house.

His eyes darted to the clock and got surprised that it was already an hour past noon. He bolted off of his room and found an empty living room. Well, not really that empty since Rabbit was lounging on the sofa, casually licking its paws.

"Rabbit, where's your dad?"

The cat he was talking to just looked at him for a minute and continued to lick his own paws. Wei WuXian shrugged, he knew he was getting weird and now he even talked to cat. After passing the kitchen and fed Rabbit some kibbles, he arrived in front of what seemed to be Lan WangJi's room.

The door was slightly ajar and he peeked a little inside. Lan WangJi was reading a book on his desk and from the way he sit, Wei WuXian could see how the sunlight hit his face... Perfectly. The glass that he was wearing framed his delicate face, again, too perfectly. Wei WuXian was getting too mesmerized to realize he had already opened the door wide.

"Wei Ying? You've woke up." Lan WangJi put his book down and took off his reading glasses.

Wei WuXian scratched his head and grinning. "Ah, yes. Just now." Then he rub his nose a little and continued, "Sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you."

Lan WangJi got up from his seat and walked closer to where Wei WuXian stood.

"Wait here."

"Eh? Why?" A puzzled look crossed Wei WuXian's face.

"I didn't know what time you will wake up so I haven't cooked anything."


Thump.


It happened again. Wei WuXian almost dropped to the ground as he could feel his heart suddenly stopped beating. Lan WangJi kept doing that to him, almost like purposely.

"Are you okay?"

Now, Lan WangJi's presence was even closer than before and it didn't help his heart to get any calmer.


I must be going crazy...


Wei WuXian tried to gave his best smile, hiding the rambling of something inside him. "Uh, um... Today's Christmas Eve."

The sudden blurt of, out of topic, words got Lan WangJi halted in his space, but he didn't say anything. He continuously stared at Wei WuXian's nervous eyes. As if he was actually having fun seeing that kind of side of Wei WuXian. Though, he didn't want to jump to any conclusion too quickly.

"Uhm... Like," Wei WuXian scratched his nose again, then a thought crossed his mind and he composed himself, "Ah, whatever. Let's go eat somewhere! It's Christmas Eve!"

"Mn."

That quick response made the person who actually asked the question got taken aback for a bit. "Eh? That was quick. You don't have any plans for Christmas Eve?"

Lan WangJi shook his head immediately.

With the recent curiosity of Lan WangJi's life, Wei WuXian can't help but asked. "So, how do you usually spend your Christmas holidays?" Then all of a sudden realization hit him as he smacked his own forehead. "How can I be so stupid? You can't go to your families because I'm here right?"

For the second time, Lan WangJi shook his head. "No, I usually spent my time reading and making music."

"Wha-"

Wei WuXian didn't continue but his eyes wandered to the older man in confusion and amazement. He knew Lan WangJi was always a loner, but he didn't think that he even spent his holidays alone. But then again, he knew that his family was not the example of warm family. Lan QiRen and Lan XiChen were the only Lan Family left for him and both of them were too strict for their own good, in other words, boring. Though, Wei WuXian thought Lan XiChen was way more bearable than the old uncle.

What struck him was that no matter how his own family hated his guts, at least Jiang YanLi always warmly welcomed and cooked for him, though he almost never came to the Christmas dinner. But, the thoughts already count. And when he's actually never with his family, he always hung out with Wen Ning and Wen Qing, as both of them have no one to spent their Christmas holidays with. Then... All of these years, Lan WangJi was alone.

"Okay! Dress warmly! I'm not going to let you mope around doing nothing on Christmas holiday!"

Wei WuXian dashed off of Lan WangJi's room to the guest room. Then he closed his door and slumped on the floor. His hand reached to the place where his heart would must likely be located inside, if it's not already jumped outside of his body.


Yes. I might really be going crazy. He's not even a girl, he's Lan Zhan. Wei WuXian, get yourself together. What do you think he will do if he find out about your thoughts of him? No, I don't want him to hate me. Today, it's only your turn to repay his kindness for letting you stay at his house for free. Nothing more.


Taking a deep breath, Wei WuXian marched to the closet and spent an eternity to pick an outfit from his actually limited choices, as he didn't bring many clothes.

__________________________________________


December 23rd, 2020


"Oh you're the one from the Yiling branch?"

A woman around his age greeted him warmly and gave him a firm handshake.

Wei WuXian returned the gesture and smiled brightly. "Yes. It's Wei WuXian, nice to meet you."

"Chun Yuan, I'm a staff here."

The woman blushed a little at Wei WuXian's smile and snuck a strand of hair behind one of her ear. "Is this your first time in Gusu?" She masked the curiosity in her voice by taking a bite of the macaron that was displayed in front of her.

They currently sat on a table of four with her beside him and two others, man and woman in front of them. The three of them already seemed familiar with each other so it mustn't be their first time meeting. Wei WuXian sipped a glass of wine before answering.

"Not really. I used to go to school here in Gusu, though I didn't manage to finish it."

The other woman now joined the conversation, still munching on her Alfredo pasta. "What school? Why didn't you finish it?"

"Bi Yu, that's not okay to ask. At least, swallow your food first!" The man beside her nudged his elbow and continued, "I'm Xu Kai, sorry, she really has no shame."

The girl named Bi Yu rolled her eyes but ignored that comment, her eyes were still fixed to Wei WuXian.

"Haha, it's okay, it's okay." Wei WuXian's bright smile dimmed a little, though most people won't even notice that. "It was Cloud Recess Private Hi-"

Bi Yu slammed her fork to the table and got everyone around them surprised. "I KNEW IT. With that kind of face, you can't really go anywhere beside Cloud Recess High!"

Wei WuXian smirked. "But I didn't finish it."

"Oh, yeah. Why?" Bi Yu continued to press for the answer and Xu Kai could see Wei WuXian was getting a bit uncomfortable by that question.

"Bi Yu." He turned his head and conviced Wei WuXian. "Please, just don't answer anything you don't want to answer. We've only just met and I don't want you to think that we made you uncomfortable."

"No, it's not her fault. I was the one who started talking about it." He took a bite of small bit of chocolate in front of him. "I can't answer that anyway, it's a really long story."

Bi Yu finally relented and then it was the turn of the shy Chun Yuan to pry an information from him. She couldn't help her own curiosity, again. "I'm sorry if I'm asking something too much, but you seem young. What year did you go? I guess we're about the same age."

Seeing the nervousness on her face, Wei WuXian chuckled. "It's okay. I'm really bad with memories but I guess it was somewhere around 2007."

To his surprise, his answer got everyone's mouth hanging open. "What..."

Xu Kai broke the silence. "So, you're in the same year as Lan WangJi?"

Wei WuXian's face suddenly lit brighter at the sound of the name. "Yeah, we were actually a pretty close friend before." Though he thought he needed to omit that he was currently staying at the Lan WangJi's house.

"No way, Lan WangJi has no friend! No one is a match for him so he likes being alone." Bi Yu rambled. "But seriously, how can someone be that perfect? He's a genius, his face is to die for, and he chose to be a teacher despite his life is literally already bathing in cash."

"You guys know him?"

Now it was Xu Kai who couldn't handle his excitement. "Know him? Who doesn't know him? This very exact building we're currently sitting and most other buildings in Gusu are owned by the Lan. He and his brother are like the most wealthy person in Gusu."

Wei WuXian's smile got wider. Hearing people praise and talking about Lan WangJi in admiration always made him feel proud like it is his own achievement. He didn't say anything and just stayed quiet listening to the other three talking about the perfect jade.

"Have you seen him before? I haven't got any luck to ever see him in real life." Chun Yuan sulked a little, looking across towards Bi Yu.

Bi Yu nodded aggressively. "Yes! When he was still occasionally go to the office to see Lan XiChen. I was frozen... He didn't look human."

"I've seen him too and even as a man, I can't take my eyes off of him too." Xu Kai nodded.

That comment got Wei WuXian taken aback for a bit. So, it was normal for men to think that Lan WangJi was utterly beautiful. Wei WuXian's mouth curled upwards ever so slightly.

"If only my parents had more money, I could go to school with you and Lan WangJi." Chun Yuan frown, talking to Wei WuXian. The latter man just chuckled.

Bi Yu snapped at her, "Or, if only you had more brain, you could go to Cloud Recess High."

Then Chun Yuan and Bi Yu bickered for a bit as Xu Kai only shook his head like it was a common occurrence. Then suddenly Bi Yu blurted, "I wonder why I never heard anything about his girlfriend. I bet tons of them are lined up to get him. Or maybe, he's just good at hiding it."

That conversation bit piqued Wei WuXian's interest but he kept observing them in silence.

"I heard he's going to be married off to the heiress of Liu group." Chun Yuan mumbled to herself. "She's so pretty though. But I guess they kinda suit each other."

The food that was inside Wei WuXian's throat halted midway and he choked a little. "He's... He's getting married?"

Xu Kai shook his head in confusion. "No, we don't know. It's all rumors and it's always different, haha. From me, the thing I heard is that he's still in love with a girl from his high school days but his family won't accept her."

Wei WuXian tauted his eyebrows. Something just dropped in him and he could be sure that it's his heart.


Who's that girl? Do I know her?


"Though that rumor sounds like bull but... Who's the prettiest girl in that year?" Bi Yu's eyes shot a sharp look to him.


Who? Wen Qing? But they never even talked to each other. Did they get close after I transferred? But Wen Qing never even told me. Is there any other pretty girl in school that I didn't know of?


His train of thoughts got disturbed by Bi Yu's waving hand and he realized he need to answer that question. "I wish I know who that girl was so I can snatch her for myself."

"Tsk. You must have known that you're quite on the good looking side, but can you really compare yourself to Lan WangJi?" Bi Yu snorted and laughed. "Just kidding, but in anyway, if it's true then she must be the luckiest person ever. She must had saved a country before to be liked by Lan WangJi."


Indeed. That girl is really lucky to be liked by Lan WangJi... Really lucky.


A bitter smirk crossed Wei WuXian's face as the talk and dinner went on.

__________________________________________

"No, I don't want to wear this."

Lan WangJi's voice was stern and firm. He was trying to fend himself off from Wei WuXian's constant attempt to force him to wear a rabbit hat. Despite every rejections, Wei WuXian didn't seem to be giving up anytime soon.

"Come on, Lan Zhan! Just put it on for a second, I just want to see how it looks on you." Wei WuXian tried to hide his chuckles and laughter as he was holding on the rabbit hat.

"No."

"Oh my God, someone fell from the ride!" Wei WuXian pointed his finger towards a place behind Lan WangJi's back.

That caught Lan WangJi off guard as he looked behind and gave Wei WuXian the chance to put the hat on Lan WangJi's head.

"Where-"


Click.


In just a milisecond, Wei WuXian managed to steal a picture of confused Lan WangJi wearing a rabit hat.

"Wei Ying!" Lan WangJi quickly took off the hat from his head and placed it back in the store shelf beside him.

Wei WuXian was still dying of laughter, crouching down holding his stomach. "You should've seen your own face, hahahahahaha! We're in the park's store, what kind of ride were you looking at?"

Lan Wangji frowned. "You're lying?"

"It was your fault to be that stupid, Lan Zhan! Hahahaha." Wei WuXian got up and reached for his phone, face still beaming with happiness. "I'm going to save it as my wallpaper hehe."

"Boring."

Lan WangJi turned his back on Wei WuXian and left him. Though the other man can't see, a smile could be seen on Lan WangJi's face. Same as Wei WuXian, he was thrilled to know that Lan WangJi was still the same Lan WangJi he used to and always know.

"Lan Zhannn, wait for me!"

Wei WuXian ran off to catch up to Lan WangJi and held the older man's hand in the process. Lan WangJi was quite taken aback by that and he could feel his heart beat at a faster pace. Wei WuXian didn't seem to realize due to the adrenaline he felt for being in the amusement park, but Lan WangJi grabbed his hand back.

They strolled together still holding hands looking at the food stalls and the rides. Lan WangJi could feel the thundering on his heart and maybe his ears were already blood red by know. But he won't let go of the younger man's hand anytime soon. He didn't know when will he get another opportunity like this again and just the thought of spending a Christmas Eve walking together hand in hand with Wei WuXian was enough for him.

Wei WuXian was basking in happiness as he looked at the food stalls he couldn't wait to try on. And the rides he wanted to ride with Lan WangJi. And the coupl- He looked around him and the place was filled with couples holding hand together. Then a realization hit him as he felt he was still holding on the warmth of someone in his right hand.


Oh my God, Lan WangJi must be really embarrassed to be seen holding hand with a man! Wei WuXian, who did you call stupid again?


Lan WangJi felt his heart sank when Wei WuXian suddenly took his hand off of his grasp.

Nervously, Wei WuXian tried to brush off the awkwardness of the situation by pointing out to a cotton candy stall. "Lan Zhan! Let me buy you a cotton candy!"

He was about to say no but then he saw Wei WuXian's eyes glistened as he was talking about that cotton candy. He knew he wanted to buy it but don't want to feel bad for buying for himself. And Lan WangJi didn't want to be that person to ruin that person's happiness, even if it's just for a cotton candy.

"Mn."

Then there it was, two grown man walking together while munching on a big cotton candy. Lan WangJi didn't say anything and only took a small bite as they walk. Fifteen minutes later, it's already gone from Wei WuXian's hand.

Lan WangJi offered his to the slightly shorter man. "You can have mine."

Wei WuXian smiled brightly, showing his perfect set of teeth. He was beaming with happiness and that sight of him was really beautiful. Almost too beautiful that it made Lan WangJi's heart winced a little. How he wish that he could give that person those smiles forever.

"Okay! No taking it back!"

After his second cotton candy finished, they went to get on some rides like the ferris wheel and the roller coaster. Wei WuXian was constantly hyper all the time and Lan WangJi just accompanied him, feeling content to be around the ray of happiness that was Wei WuXian. The same brightness that had been shining on him since thirteen years ago.

As they got pretty tired by the rides and the night was approaching, they went to the haunted house arena because Wei WuXian was curious of how scary it could be. Since it was Christmas Eve, the place was a bit packed so two couples went in at the same time instead of just one.

They finally went inside and it was pitch black. The other couple was scared to their wits as they keep walking and the woman keep clinging to the man. The man himself actually looked as scared as she was but forced himself to look brave for his girlfriend. But that haunted house was nothing for Wei WuXian and maybe.

Wei WuXian constantly making fun of the ghosts and surrounding and Lan WangJi just walked with no expressions on his face, though he kept walking close to Wei WuXian. The pair actually annoyed the ghosts that they didn't bother to scare them. They went for the other couple instead, giving nightmares to both of them who's already scared enough without the need of getting all of the ghosts' attention.

"Hahaha, that wasn't scary at all. Wasn't it, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian wiped a tear of laughter from his eye after they got out of the haunted house.

"Mn." Lan WangJi hesitated, it wasn't as scary as what he expected. "Wasn't scary."

Wei WuXian snickered. "Even I can be a better ghost than them..." Then a low grumbling sound could be heard slightly. "Well now I'm getting hungry from all those laugh. Let's eat something, Lan Zhan. Can we get something spicy?"

"Mn."

Luckily, there was a spicy noodle shop inside the park and Wei WuXian trotted to the place like an excited kid who just get their Christmas present. As they walked into the restaurant, it was packed with people. They managed go get a spot that's not in the middle of the crowd so they can still hear each other without the need of shouting.

A waiter came and gave them a menu and like usual, Wei WuXian always chose the spiciest dish and Lan WangJi the most bland dish of the menu. Soon after, the waiter left with their orders and it was just both of them again.

"Wow this place is filled. The food must be good.  I can't wait."

Wei WuXian scanned the room that's filled with people ranged from couples to a big families. Then his eyes landed on the most beautiful person in that room, who actually looked even more beautiful than usual since there's a hint of happiness radiating from his face.

"Is it your first time spending your Christmas Eve outside? Do you like it?" Wei WuXian's eyes glimmered at the thought of being the first person to bring Lan WangJi out on a special holiday.

Lan WangJi stared at the man across him, his mouth curled up in a smile. "Mn. Thank you, Wei Ying."


That's crazy. I'm crazy. He just smiled. What am I going to do now... Shit. Why did he smile?


Lan WangJi was the friend he always knew he had, even after thirteen years. Though he didn't know why the perfect Lan WangJi would be his friend, but he was indeed the first one who approached him on the music festival. At that time, he didn't think of anything else except for the fact that he was glad to be meeting an old acquaintance. Then something started to change after they constantly talk to each other, even more when he stayed at Lan WangJi's place.

Now, Lan WangJi looked completely different to him, that he just seemed too... Painfully beautiful.

Wei WuXian couldn't help but swallowed his own thought looking at Lan WangJi's smile. Combined with the Christmas decorations light, Wei WuXian could be sure that he could never see Lan WangJi as a friend anymore, he was more than that. And he didn't want anything to take Lan WangJi away from him, even if it meant that he had to hide away all of his current uncontrollably blossoming feelings.

"Wei Ying?"

Lan WangJi's smile had disappeared, replaced with a concerned gaze.

"Ah, you never take your girlfriend out?" Stupid.

Wei WuXian knew it was a stupid question but he couldn't help to blurt it out. He needed to know. He desperately needed to.

"No."

He didn't know what to make of that. Did he never had any girlfriend? Or did he never take any of his girlfriend out? Or-

"Here's your order. Enjoy."

The waiter disrupted Wei WuXian's thought and he was almost glad to be saved from all the never ending questions.

They ate peacefully until Wei WuXian got this idea to make Lan WangJi tasted his super spicy food. He didn't know if Lan WangJi couldn't handle spiciness or that he only just preferred plain food like that. He took a spoonful of soup from his bowl and hovered it in front of Lan WangJi's mouth.

"Lan Zhan, you should try this soup. It tastes amazing." The grin that was on Wei WuXian's face never left it's place even for a bit.

Lan WangJi looked hesitant at first but then he ate the soup from the spoon that Wei WuXian tried to fed him. Not even five second later, his face got red from as he could feel all the spiciness coming. He grabbed the nearest glass of water and gulped it all down in one shot.

Wei WuXian's mouth was gaping at the sight. Not because of the discovery that Lan WangJi was actually couldn't handle spiciness, but the fact that he just drank down a whole glass of alcohol.

"Lan... Lan Zhan, that wasn't water..."

But it was too late. Lan WangJi's head fell to the table with a thud. It was quite loud as the people around their table gave a concerned look. Wei WuXian was frazzled as he knew that Lan WangJi had a very low alcohol tolerance.

Three minutes later, the older man raised his head, his stare was blank. There was a recognizable redness on his forehead.

"Are you okay, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian was hesitant as he tried to rub Lan WangJi's reddening forehead.

"Ice cream."

Wei WuXian raised his eyebrows. "What?"

Having to repeat himself, Lan WangJi got pissed and raised his tone, which he never do when he's sober. "I want ice cream! Give me ice cream!"

"Okay, okay, okay. I will get you ice creams, Lan Zhan. Let's get out first."

Now everyone was looking at their table and Wei WuXian reassured them that everything was okay. He left the payment and the tips on the table and dragged Lan WangJi outside and seated him to a bench under a tree. There were not many people around that area so it'll be okay to leave Lan WangJi for a bit.

Wei WuXian grabbed both of Lan WangJi's shoulder and tried to convince the drunk man to stay put. "Don't go anywhere! I'm going to buy some ice creams, so just stay here. Don't even move from this seat. Understood?"

Lan WangJi just nodded lazily. Immediately, Wei WuXian dashed off to find a convenient store and bought as many ice creams flavor as he can. Basically, Lan WangJi didn't like sweets so he never knew what flavor di he like... But then it was a different story with drunk Lan WangJi. His mind was jumbling as he knew Lan WangJi wouldn't stay put like how he asked him to.

When he came back, Lan WangJi indeed wasn't on the bench but not that far from there, Wei WuXian could see how he was crouching in front of a kid who was eating ice cream.

"Give it to me."

The kid look surprised and nudged his Mom's sleeve. But the Mom was busy buying hot dogs so she didn't give him any attention. The kid almost cried as Lan WangJi kept trying to steal his ice cream. Luckily, Wei WuXian arrived just in time

"Lan Zhannn, I told you to wait on the bench, didn't I?"

Lan WangJi nodded lazily again. Wei WuXian apologized to the kid and the Mom and dragged Lan WangJi back to the bench. The currently drunk man looked at his face and smiled. Maybe the thought of Wei WuXian running around to buy ice creams for him was funny to him.

Wei WuXian handed the plastic bag filled with ice creams to Lan WangJi. "Here, I don't know what kind of flavor do you like so I just buy everything."

The smile haven't left Lan WangJi's face as he looked at Wei WuXian. Wei WuXian couldn't help but stare at the other man too. It was a mesmerizing sight to behold. His nose was cutely red so were his ears... And he was smiling.
He looked so different compared to his usual stoic and rigid demeanor. And Wei WuXian loved every second of it.

Suddenly, two hands grabbed his hand that hold the plastic bag, tightly.

"I like this one."

Wei WuXian's heart stopped, again. "Which one?"

Lan WangJi still held onto his hand tightly. "I want this."


Lan WangJi, what are you trying to do?


Wei WuXian's heart was now a rambling madness and his voice shivered when he asked. "Yeah, which ice cream do you want?"

But he still didn't get the answer as Lan WangJi's smile got even wider. "Wei Ying. Merry Christmas, thank you so much."


To hell with this...


Seeing that smile and the sincerity of his word, something burned inside him and he couldn't control anything anymore. He didn't let any other thoughts in as he crashed his lip on Lan WangJi's. He never thought of kissing another man before but it was Lan WangJi. He wasn't any other man.

Wei WuXian couldn't get over how soft and sweet Lan WangJi's lip was. Maybe it was the alcohol... Or maybe it was just how Lan WangJi's lip actually taste like. To his surprise, Lan WangJi didn't retaliate at all and actually returned back the kiss.

Lan WangJi placed his hands on Wei WuXian's neck as Wei WuXian cupped his face. It felt right like all of the puzzle had finally fitted on its place. But then Wei WuXian remember the night before when he was on the opening of the Gusu firm branch.

How evil he was to take advantage of Lan WangJi's vulnerability for his own sake? And to think that Lan WangJi might actually be in love with someone else or about to get married soon. He was a bad person to do all of this to his own best friend.

With that sudden dawning realization, Wei WuXian pulled himself off of Lan WangJi whose hands were still on his neck. He looked confused and nothing broke his heart more than the possibility of hurting Lan WangJi. And even the possibility of losing him.

Wei WuXian carefully took off Lan WangJi's hands from his neck and smiled. "Lan Zhan, I'm really sorry, I don't know what's gotten into me. I shouldn't have done that. Don't hate me for this... Please don't hate me. I wish you wouldn't remember this tomorrow. But if you do, please, you can get mad at me but... Don't stop being my friend. Okay?"

A tear rolled from the corner of Wei WuXian's eye. He never thought that in such a short time,  his world currently revolved around a particular person so much that he was afraid that he would lose everything including that person. He didn't want to lose Lan WangJi again.

Lan WangJi didn't actually say anything, but he could feel his eyes getting warmer. He was sober ever since Wei WuXian kissed him. He was overfilled with joy but then something happened and the next thing he knew, Wei WuXian looked utterly terrified. He could understand that... That Wei WuXian thought it was a mistake. Maybe it was just the alcohol and the ambience for Wei WuXian.

But then, he didn't know what went on Wei WuXian's head and gave him a slow pat on his back. Lan WangJi tried to muster all of the strength not to make his voice wavered.

"Wei Ying, it's okay. I won't hate you, I never will."

"I will never leave you."

__________________________________________


The snow fell and the day changes. People heart's also changes... And the world is a dynamic place. It could come at you slowly and steady, but it also could come and hit you like a truck. But after all, it's all in your willingness to accept that change or not.





Chapter End Notes
Thank you for reading (っ.❛ ᴗ ❛.)っWhat do you think of the story? You can comment down below, I always like seeing your response ლ(´ ❥ `ლ)They KISSSEDDDDDDDD AHSHSHS (＾∇＾)ﾉ♪With this, only 2 chapters left before it ends (っ˘̩╭╮˘̩)っ


Revelation
Chapter Summary
If only he knew. If only he could make things right from the first time. Then maybe, fate would be different for them. But now he would define his own future.
Chapter Notes
I finally updated ಥ‿ಥ
This was an enjoyable chapter to write and one of the hardest one too (ᗒᗩᗕ)
I hope you'll like this chapter (◍•ᴗ•◍)❤

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Lan WangJi stared at his phone. It had been six days since Wei WuXian left his place, and though he always preferred to be alone, that wasn't the case this time. He definitely liked the presence of that significant person in his house. Though he knew that it was very unlikely to happen again.

That day, on Christmas, Wei WuXian left in the early morning. He looked rushed and he said that he had plan to spend Christmas with his family in Yunmeng. It was a plausible reason but Lan WangJi knew something must had happened to him the night before because Wei WuXian's behavior was not like himself.

Yes, he did remember that Wei WuXian kissed him the night before and he also remembered that Wei WuXian begged him not to hate him. But he didn't understand why Wei WuXian would be the one who avoid eye contacts with him at all cost. He even planned to leave unnoticed if it wasn't for Lan WangJi's habit of waking up early.

Today was the last day of that year. Lan WangJi didn't want to have this unresolved problem between them. Although he had a hunch that Wei WuXian was avoiding him, he couldn't help but wanting to know what really happened that day to him.

| Wei Ying, how are you? |


Sent 10.23 AM


Lan WangJi waited for the reply patiently. He patted Rabbit's back as the cat slept beside him. They used to text and call everyday, but then, he never knew when it was going to change.
 


[ Wei Ying ]


| I'm fineeee, how r u lan zhan? |


Received 10.26 AM

 

| I'm fine. |


Sent 10.26 AM


| Happy New Year, Wei Ying. |


Sent 10.26 AM

 


[ Wei Ying ]


| hahaha this is still 31st dec. what r ur plans for today lan zhan? |


Received 10.30 AM

 

| I'm going to cook and do some reading. |


Sent 10.30 AM

 


[ Wei Ying ]


ehh... not going anywhere?


Received 10.32 AM

 

| No. I prefer to be home. You? |


Sent 10.32 AM

 


[ Wei Ying ]


| awww :( I'm going to the beach with jiang cheng and the others |


Received 10.35 AM

 

| Have fun and be safe. |


Sent 10.35 AM

 


[ Wei Ying ]


| i will! thanks, have fun you too |


Received 10.40 AM


A smile curled up in Lan WangJi's face. At least Wei WuXian still replied to his message and that was enough for him. But there was still some unsettled feelings inside him and he planned to go sort it after the holidays. He would make plan to go to Yiling to see him. Wei WuXian was lost from his life once, and he wasn't planning to lose him again for the second time.

__________________________________________

"Can you drive faster? Why the hell are you driving like an old lady?"

Wei WuXian shoved himself forward from the backseat to the front, his eyes glaring mockingly to Jiang Cheng who was currently driving.

Jiang Cheng rolled his eyes, "For God's sake! If you don't like my driving then drive this fricking car yourself!"

"Why would I drive? You lost the bet so you should drive!" Wei WuXian nudged Jiang Cheng's shoulder with his elbow.

"WEI WUXIAN! I'M DRIVING! YOU'RE TRYING TO GET ON MY NERVES, AREN'T YOU? CAN'T YOU JUST SIT STILL??" All the patience he tried to hold had ben let out just like that. Wei WuXian was really a pain in his ass.

Wei WuXian plopped backwards, "Who's trying to get on whose nerve here? You're definitely the one who's getting on our nerves by driving like a snail."

Nie HuaiSang who sat on Wei WuXian's left side nodded his head in agreement. It was really aggravating how Jiang Cheng drove his car. Wen Ning who sat on the other end of the seat didn't know what to say and just looked outside. It was a common thing to happen after all. The Yunmeng brothers were always this loud.

"GETTING ON YOUR NERVES? OH YES I'LL DRIVE FASTER AND IF I GET A SCRATCH ON THIS CAR YOU'LL BE THE ONE WHO PAYS FOR IT!" Jiang Cheng stepped on the pedal and the car suddenly jolted forward.

Wen Qing who was being quiet during this whole shouting competition couldn't stand it anymore. She didn't want to die because of Jiang Cheng's unnecessarily big ego and Wei WuXian's unfiltered mouth. She slapped the dashboard and shot a murderous glare towards both of the brothers.

"If you both don't stop this instant, I won't give you any food I make today!"

And that threat was seemingly enough to keep both of them quiet. Wei WuXian pouted and kicked Jiang Cheng's seat. The younger brother almost shouted again until he saw Wen Qing's glare from the side and chose to keep his mouth shut.

The drive lasted for two hours until they could see crowds already spread through the Yiling beach area. Jiang Cheng maneuvered several times to look for an empty spot to park and Nie HuaiSang already scanned all the beautiful ladies. He grabbed one of Wei WuXian's arm and forced him to look through the window.

"Yo, isn't that girl like... Really pretty?" He pointed at one girl with long hair, wearing bikini top and a skirt.

Wei WuXian squinted his eyes, "Eh? That one? Not really, she's pretty but not that pretty." Compared to Lan WangJi...

Nie HuaiSang raised one of his eyebrow. "What? I think that your taste in women have been getting worse recently."

Wei WuXian shrugged carelessly, "Maybe."

"I see an empty spot, let's park there." Wen Ning successfully observed the place and find a place to park.

Jiang Cheng parked his car carefully and all of them got out of fhe car, bringing their stuffs outside. Wen Qing was about to bring their food baskets but Jiang Cheng quickly snatched it from her, with a smile on his face. Wei WuXian brought the mat and Nie HuaiSang brought their loads of firecrackers for later that night. Wen Ning brought his guitar with him and walked beside Wen Qing who now got her hands empty.

The night was already starting to fall when they made their way to the beach. It was a bit cramped since there was the annual small music festival so it was packed with people. They chose a place a bit far from the stage when there were less people.

Wei WuXian swiftly set the mat and foods and soon they were sitting in circle. It was the first time after a long time that they managed to get everyone to come. Last year, Jiang Cheng had to spend his new year in Yunmeng. The year before, Nie HuaiSang broke his arm in an accident so he couldn't come. And then another little occasions that made it hard for them to gather as one.

"This is really nice, right? All of us together finally!" Wei WuXian smiled to all of his friends.

Wen Qing crossed both of her arms, "Yeah, and please stay out of trouble this year."

"What kind of trouble? Have we ever made any?" Jiang Cheng protested.

"Uhm, if you forgot, we kinda burned someone's tent before with our firecrackers." Nie HuaiSang added, stroking his cheek.

Wen Ning scratched the back of his head. "Uh... That was really bad. I feel so bad for the couple."

Nie HuaiSang clapped his hand one time as if he just remembered something important, "Don't you guys remember when we almost got caught by Lan QiRen for lighting firecrackers and fireworks from the school backyard?"

Jiang cheng snorted, "You guys ran so fast, I had to collect all of our things myself and risked getting caught."

"Well, fortunately you ran faster than Lan QiRen and his aids." Wei WuXian laughed as he said that. That was some good memories he made back then.

Wen Ning who was quiet suddenly blurted, "You guys are really lucky, if only Wen Chao let us to..."

Then the air tightened as all of them got quiet and Wen Ning finally realized the weight of his words. Wei WuXian's smile faded, same as Jiang Cheng and Nie HuaiSang. Her sister, Wen Qing, looked even more terrified. It was the first time in eternity since she heard that name again, and it was still scarring her.

With determination on her face, she looked at Wei WuXian. "Wei WuXian, I never got to say this as we always brushed this matter under the rug... But," Wen Qing paused, and continued, "I'm really sorry for all the things that happened."

"Eh... Eh... Eh? What is this? Why is it suddenly become like this? Haha, it's okay. I did it myself and it was the right thing to do." Wei WuXian gave a reassuring smile to Wen Qing.

Jiang Cheng who sat cross-legged slapped both of his hands on his knees. "Yes! And it was Lan WangJi's fault anyway."

Wei WuXian's heart winced at that name.

"Lan... Lan WangJi's fault?" Wen Qing's voice wavered.

"Yeah! Who else? He must have been the one who reported Wei WuXian to Lan QiRen. We all know Lan WangJi hated him." Jiang Cheng said all of this with a tone of certainty in his voice.

Wei WuXian looked down on his feet. Yeah, how could he forgot that Lan WangJi used to hate him. He knew he was going to get in trouble but knowing Lan WangJi was the one who reported still hurt after all this time.

Wen Qing's eyes quivered, "No... There's no way Lan WangJi hated him. If so, why would he stay all the night taking care of Wei WuXian?"

Nie HuaiSang's eyes grew wider. "What? Lan WangJi? That Lan WangJi taking care of Wei WuXian after he just made a student fell into a coma?" Seeing Wen Qing gave him a sharp glare, he quickly covered his mouth with one of his hand.

"I must be asleep at that time... I didn't get to see him," Wen Ning murmured to himself.

Jiang Cheng clasped his mouth tight, realizing he might have been wrong all this time, but he wasn't ready to admit it.

The news hit the hardest on Wei WuXian. He stared blankly at his feet and then turned his gaze slowly to Wen Qing. "What... What do you mean... What... He took care of me all night?"

The thing they tried to ignore all this time, suddenly bring itself to the surface.

_________________________________________


That day in 2007


It was quarter past 8 and only half an hour after Jiang Cheng knocked on his door asking Wei WuXian's whereabout. Something wasn't right and Lan WangJi could feel it. He quickly grabbed his coat and went to Nie HuaiSang's place. Maybe they were doing some stupid thing together again.

His steps were rushed, not like his usual calm and poised self. When he reached Nie HuaiSang's place, he quickly gave it a firm three knocks and it didn't take long until he heard a click from the other side of the door. Nie HuaiSang looked sleepy and annoyed but then he coughed after he saw it was Lan WangJi on his door.

"Lan WangJi... Did... Did I make a mistake? But I didn't even do anything today." Nie HuaiSang's voice was masked with worries.

Lan WangJi shook his head slightly. "No. Is Wei Ying here?"

Nie HuaiSang's shoulder relaxed at hearing that it wasn't about him. "Wei WuXian? Why is everyone looking for him today? He's not here and I didn't know where he went. I haven't even met him today."

"Everyone?" Lan WangJi asked.

"Yes. Jiang Cheng was just here before you. Did something happen to him?" Now Nie HuaiSang got worried.

Lan WangJi shook his head again. "No. Thank you. Please let me know if you see him."

He left a confused Nie HuaiSang behind and started to get a bit impatient. No one seemed to saw him since this afternoon and the last time he saw Wei WuXian was under the tree on the school backyard. Where did he go after?

Lan WangJi was about to go back to the backyard until he saw a student walked in the corridor. No other students were actually allowed to roam around after seven except the student's council. He rushed to that student and grabbed his shoulder to make the student face him.

"Su She? What are you doing?"

It was a student from another class and his family used to work for his uncle so he knew Su She personally. Su She looked terrified and didn't gave Lan WangJi any immediate answer. Then Lan WangJi noticed a bruise on his cheek and the fact that he tried to hide his hand. He grabbed the hand he tried to hide swiftly and scanned the swollen and also bruised knuckles.

Lan WangJi shot a sharp look directly to his eyes. "What happened? Is this related to Wei Ying?"

Su She was still shivering and didn't seem to be answering him anytime soon. Lan WangJi clenched his shoulder even tighter and Su She winced in pain. He didn't want to get in trouble but Lan WangJi was behaving scarily

"Tell me what happened now and where's Wei WuXian?" Lan WangJi's voice was cold and stern.

A chill run down through Su She's spine but he still wouldn't answer. He was just a coward like that. But then, Lan WangJi finally lost all of his patience.

"WHERE IS WEI YING?!" He shouted.

Su She could feel all the rage from his voice and never before he saw Lan WangJi mad and even raising his voice. For realizing that there were no other choices than answering, he answered meekly.

"I...... I really.... Don't know. But... But, I..." Su She paused for a second and tried to look at Lan WangJi's eyes. He was still shooting the death glare. "I saw him went with Wen Ning."

Without saying anything, Lan WangJi shoved Su She's shoulder with enough force to sent him wobbling to the ground. He pivoted on his heel and marched to Wen Ning's dorm room. And his footsteps were even rushed than before.

To his surprise, it was Wen Qing who opened the door. Girls weren't supposed to be on boys dorm, no matter if they're blood related or not. And that only gave him more suspicions that something happened to Wei WuXian.

Wen Qing, shocked to her core seeing Lan WangJi suddenly appeared, then tried to compose herself. "Lan WangJi, I'm... I'm just visiting my brother, I didn't-"

"Is Wei Ying here?" Lan WangJi didn't say anything about her being on the boys dorm. He only wanted to see Wei WuXian.

"Yes... Yes. How did you know?" Seeing the dark clouds looming over Lan WangJi's face, Wen Ning didn't even see the point of lying.

Without any warning, Lan WangJi barged himself in and went straight to Wen Ning's room. "Excuse me."

There he saw the man he was looking for everywhere. His heart stopped beating for a second as he saw Wei WuXian's face covered in bruises, the corner of his mouth was cracked with blood and his breaths were irregular. He quickly dashed forward and sat himself on the chair beside the bed. Almost not wanting to believe what he saw, Lan WangJi stared at Wei WuXian's face for a long time to make sure that he's still breathing, until he heard a footstep behind him.

"What happened?" Lan WangJi didn't even look back to see the person he's talking to. His voice was demanding.

Wen Qing hesitated, "He got in a fight..."

His breath halted. "A fight? With who?"

"Wen Chao. It's a long story."

Lan WangJi clenched one of his fist. What really happened actually that it made Wei Wuxian got this heavily injured? But that wasn't his priority to know. He only wanted Wei WuXian to get better. Extending his hand, he wiped Wei WuXian's swear on his forehead with his own handkerchief. As he felt through his handkerchief, he put the back of his palm on Wei WuXian's head. He had a fever.

"Do you have a fever reducer?" Again, Lan WangJi asked to Wen Qing without looking at her.

"No... We don't have one." Wen Qing said dejectedly.

Then all of a sudden, Lan WangJi got up and walked towards the confused Wen Qing. He gave her a student council pass to go after 7 pm and some cash. "Please buy some, I'll take care of him."

Wen Qing nodded and left both of them in his brother's room. She looked at Wen Ning who was already sleeping on the couch. He cried so hard when Wen Chao tortured her and when Wei WuXian got ganged up on, he must had been drained of energy.

Lan WangJi left Wei WuXian's side for a bit and went back with a big bowl full of water and a towel. He used the towel first to wipe Wei WuXian's sweat and then dunked it on the water bowl and squeezed the water. Then he wiped Wei WuXian's forehead and neck with it. He did it diligently as he saw Wei WuXian gritted his teeth on his sleep.

Suddenly a low voice was heard.

"Mom... Dad..."

Wei WuXian was hallucinating. The fever must had been high enough, but he couldn't borrow the thermometer from the infirmary or else he had to lie about what he would be using it for. He stayed quiet and kept wiping Wei WuXian with damp towel until his movement froze completely.

"Lan... Zhan..."

His heart rumbled ragingly on his chest. Wei WuXian just called his name in his sleep. His hand shivered as he folded and placed the towel on Wei WuXian's forehead.

He grabbed Wei WuXian's left palm with both of his hands. "Mn. Wei Ying, I'm here."

It almost seemed like Wei WuXian could hear Lan WangJi's voice through his delirium that his breath calmed down and he wasn't gritting his teeth anymore. Lan WangJi rubbed the back of Wei WuXian's hand with his thumb. He didn't like to see Wei WuXian in pain.

"Wei Ying, you said you wanted to hear the song I made right?" Lan WangJi asked him a question despite knowing that he won't get any answer soon.
 

But then he proceeded to sing almost quietly, like a whisper.


The white flower waited for the black butterfly to visit



Wearing thorns it stood tall, surrounded by all, wounded some and fall



A white flower, couldn't walk and couldn't talk



A black butterfly passed by, wings so wide it fluttered



Avoiding the thorns, the butterfly kissed it's petals



The flower promised that it would never wilt



And as the rain falls, the flower stands still



And as the rain falls, the butterfly stay still



And in the storm and under the blazing sun



Together they can make it all


Wei WuXian's breath grew even calmer and Lan WangJi smiled a little. Just then he heard the clicking sound of the front door, meaning that Wen Qing had arrived with the fever reducer. He got up and got the medicine from her.

Delicately, he brought Wei WuXian up, pushing his back and made him drink the medicine. Wei WuXian was still under the delirium due to the high fever so he didn't even realize that Lan WangJi was there. Then Lan WangJi put him back to sleep and stayed with him, occasionally wiped his sweat and talked to him.

The morning came and Wen Qing could see through her squinted eyes that Lan WangJi only left her brother's room just now. Lan WangJi went out through the front door in a rush. Wen Qing looked to the clock, it was almost six in the morning. She knew he wouldn't dare to be late in case he would got asked about the cause.

She didn't understand, she thought Lan WangJi didn't like Wei WuXian, but then, no one would stay for a whole night taking care of someone he didn't like. She got up and walked to where Wei WuXian laid, his fever went down a lot since last night. It had to be because Lan WangJi's constant attending.

As she guessed, Lan WangJi had marched to his room quickly but then he found that Lan QiRen already stood in front of his door.

"Did you only come just now, WangJi?"

Lan WangJi nodded firmly. "Yes, Uncle."

"Where did you go?" Lan QiRen stroke his beard.

"I won't say, Uncle."

Lan QiRen furrowed his eyebrows. "What did you say? You won't say? You know that no students can spend the night outside of their rooms unless given permission, right?" He took a step forward, getting him closer to Lan WangJi. "What would the other student think if you, someone from Lan family, broke one of the most essential rule? You're grounded and can't leave your room for two days."

Lan WangJi's eyes grew wider, "But what about school?"

"I will personally ask the teacher to teach you on your room and the maid will bring you food." Lan QiRen was about to leave but he turned back. "Give your student council pass to me."

He forgot to take it back from Wen Qing. "I didn't have it."

Lan QiRen was fuming. Was that really Lan WangJi? The nephew he was so proud of? "WANGJI! YOU'RE GROUNDED FOR A WEEK."

And the next thing Lan WangJi knew... That morning was the last time he get to see Wei WuXian.

__________________________________________

"So... You mean... Lan WangJi didn't hate me?"

Wei WuXian's voice quivered. A tear rolled from the corner of his left eye. All these years, all these thirteen years gone thinking he hated him.

"Jiang Cheng? Why did you say he hated me? Why did you say he was the one who reported me?! WHY DID I BELIEVE YOU?!" Wei WuXian grabbed Jiang Cheng's collar.

Jiang Cheng froze. "I... I'm sorry."

Wei WuXian smiled bitterly through his tears. "Sorry? Do you think that sorry will bring back the thirteen years I gave away not looking for him because I thought he hated me?"

He took a deep breath and continued, "Did you know that he was one of my best friend before? That he always helped me? But then I thought he got disgusted with me for getting in a fight like a mad student.... But he took care of me?"

"Did you know how I was always being cautious and insecure around him after I met him again because I'm afraid he'll remember that he used to hate me?" Now his tears rolled down in a stream.

"But... I think he was the one who... Who reported-" Jiang Cheng's voice grew quieter and quieter.

Nie HuaiSang pulled Wei WuXian from Jiang Cheng's neck and Wen Ning calmed his now crying sister.

Wen Qing suddenly said something, "I was- I was the one who reported it. I thought they were going to expell Wei WuXian, so I hoped they would consider that he did it to protect me." Then she was sobbing hard.

But it didn't matter anymore to Wei WuXian. Just the fact that he knew Lan WangJi didn't hate him for all of these years was enough for him. He wiped his tears and sighed, he didn't even invite Lan WangJi to come with them to the beach because he was afraid Lan WangJi would hate him after that kiss. He even purposely avoided him hoping he would somehow forgot about that incident and they could go back to how they behave usually.

But there was no going back. Just from hearing that Lan WangJi stayed through his worst condition and form, was already a confirmation for Wei WuXian. That there was nothing to be afraid of about his own feeling.

With shaking hand he dialed the number 1 dial on his phone. It was answered in two rings.

"Lan Zhan..."


"Wei Ying? What's wrong? Did something happen? Tell me where you are."


Wei WuXian smiled. How come he was being so stupid all this time not realizing that Lan WangJi had always been so attentive to him?

"I'm okay... I'm in Yiling beach. But you don't have to come, it's three hours drive from Gusu."


"Wait there."


The line disconnected but Wei WuXian's smile grew even wider.

__________________________________________




Chapter End Notes
Kyaaa what do you think about this chapter? (´∩｡• ᵕ •｡∩`) 
I really wanted to retell their story in the modern time and this is how it became, I hope you like it (｡・//ε//・｡)
Please let me know what you think in the comment section and thanks for reading ⊂((・▽・))⊃
(p.s. THERE'S ONLY ONE CHAPTER LEFT!!! (• ▽ •;))


It's Always Been You (END)
Chapter Summary
Fate always brought those two together. Be it thirteen years ago, or now when they could make their own choices freely. But one thing for sure, nothing could change about the fact that they always belong to each other.
Chapter Notes
Nothing much to say, this is the final chapter, please enjoy ಥ‿ಥ

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Why did you do it?"

Wei WuXian looked at Jiang Cheng straight in the eyes. The younger brother was still clenching his fists with his mouth shutted tight. He knew he was in the wrong, but apologizing wasn't his forte.

They all sat in silence as Wen Qing looked at both of them warily. She knew she had to do something with this as it was partly her fault too and she should have told Wei WuXian that Lan WangJi was there for him. But she never got the exact chance to do so and she couldn't just blurt it out suddenly. Not to add, Wei WuXian never asked anything to her either, they were just kind of avoid that topic at all.

"It's not entirely his fault. I should have told you so this misunderstanding won't last this long." Wen Qing finally break the ice.

Jiang Cheng looked surprised by how Wen Qing somehow defended him.

Still boring a stare to his younger brother, Wei WuXian said, "You shouldn't jump to conclusion too quickly. And you always judged people without even knowing them."

"I don't-" Jiang Cheng was about to snap back but held it in. "I'm sorry. I just thought..."

He stopped in the middle of his sentence. Wei WuXian could see that Jiang Cheng was worried of something so he scooted closer to him. He held Jiang Cheng's shoulder and looked at him firmly.

"Jiang Cheng, no matter what happened, you're still my brother. I just wish you would consider how your action could affect people around you."

Jiang Cheng's face softened. He knew he did a grave mistake, but he didn't know that it'll impact his brother to that extent. He just wished, he just wished his brother had more time for him.

"You spent less time with me after you know him," Jiang Cheng finally surrendered, "you're my brother but you spent less and less time with me. Even when he acted like he hate you, you were still clinging on to him."

Wei WuXian's eyes grew wider in shock, he never knew about those thoughts that Jiang Cheng had.

Jiang Cheng continued, "We used to do everything together... But then you spent more of your time with Lan WangJi. But I knew I was wrong, I just thought... No, there's no excuses for me."

In a flash, Wei WuXian enveloped his younger brother in a hug. "It's okay. I'm sorry too for not spending more time with you, it was never my intention to neglect you. I promise I'll go to Yunmeng more often too."

They stayed like that for some minutes until Nie HuaiSang clapped dramatically. "I'm all for family reconciliation and love, but this is too mushy for me. Can't we just, uh, watch the music festival or something?"

Wen Ning who was silent this whole time aggreed, "Yeah, that's a good idea."

Hearing that, Wei WuXian smirked as he just thought of something. "What do you say we play a song today?"

"What? On that big stage?" Wen Ning retorted. "I don't like that much attention..."

Nie HuaiSang stood up in excitement, "I'm in! They're letting people play freely before the big act so I don't see why not."

"A Ning, it's okay. I'll be watching you." Wen Qing patted her brother's back.

So then, they walked to the side of the stage and asked the event organizer whether they can play for today or not. The team said that the lists were long so they had to wait for another two hours. Wei WuXian agreed, as he still had to wait for someone. He just wished Lan WangJi had arrived by the time he got on stage.

__________________________________________

Lan WangJi had drove for three hours and he could finally see the colorful glimmering lights on the beach side. It was almost eleven at night when he parked his white SUV and got out of his car. He felt slightly uncomfortable by the amount of people presented but he couldn't contain the fluttering feeling he had from his stomach to his chest.

He wanted to see Wei WuXian.

But there were too many people on sight that it would be impossible for him to find him. Lan WangJi dialed Wei WuXian's number, but he didn't get any answer. Well, he locked his car, then he just had to look for him.

Something in his gut told him to look around the stage, as Wei WuXian loved music. So he walked, slowly but certainly, towards the crowded place on the beach side. Some people threw a glance at him, because even though he just had his white t-shirt and white pants on, he was still mesmerizing even in nightime.

As he walked closer to the stage, his steps paused. It was like déjà vu. He could hear Wei WuXian's voice soaring through the night. The smooth and velvety voice... The one that stopped him back then on Yiling Music Festival. The voice that got him to met the person he longed for the most.

Lan WangJi took his steps carefully from the back of the crowds. People were all swaying left and right with their loved ones. It was that song again. The song he wrote for Wei WuXian. A smile curled up on Lan WangJi's face.

It was a bit far from the stage, but since the lights were so bright, he could see Wei WuXian's face, shining almost blindingly. His heart beated at a faster pace. Just like how their first time meeting after thirteen years.

He got lost in Wei WuXian's voice. Lan WangJi didn't even realize when the song already approached its end. The crowds were clapping and he was about to do so until he heard Wei WuXian's voice again.

"1... 2... Test." Wei WuXian checked his voice on the mic. "Is this thing still working?"

The crowds cheered "Yesss!"

"Brother Wei, what are you doing?" Wen Ning asked. He thought they'd only play one song.

Wei WuXian looked back and whispered, "I had something to do, you and Nie HuaiSang could go first." Then he winked at both of them.

He turned back to the mic and continued, "Hello, thanks for tonight. I hope you enjoyed our performance. That song was actually dedicated for someone."

Lan WangJi froze on his spot.

"I don't know if that person is here already or not. But I hope some of you record this so he could hear it somehow..." Wei WuXian paused and he saw some people already took their phone. He smiled wide and continued, "I know I'm a nobody. I know I'm still lacking a lot, but there's this person who made me want to be a better version of myself."

Jiang Cheng rolled his eyes, he knew what Wei WuXian gonna say. But then as if he wanted to make amends to him, he looked for Lan WangJi in the crowd. Hoping that he had arrived to hear it somehow. He knew Wei WuXian asked him to come.

"I'm sorry for all of these years that I've wasted because of my own stupid assumption. I wish I could turn back time but instead of regretting the past, I want to have a future, with you."

"Awwww!" The crowd got touched by his words.

Wei WuXian's smile grew wider. His heart was in chaos and he didn't even know if the person he wanted to say that to is there or not. But he continued, "I've been stupid all this time. I was always afraid to confront my own feelings-"

Jiang Cheng finally found Lan WangJi and the man in white was surprised to see him suddenly.

"Come on, let's get to the front."

He was in a daze so he didn't say anything and just followed Jiang Cheng's lead. In no time, almost as if people knew, they made it to the front part of the crowd. Wei WuXian hadn't realized yet as the lights shining on him was to bright compared to where the crowds stood.

"But you couldn't imagine how happy I am when I finally met you again after all those thirteen years not seeing your face." Wei WuXian's voice wavered. "Now I'm done being a coward."

"Lan WangJi, Lan Zhan, I love you. I always loved you. Even from the first time we met, I think I've always been attracted to you. That's why I was always sticking myself around you even when you didn't like it. Unconsciously, I was always drawn to you. And just when I thought I finally got over my feelings, you came to me that day and all of a sudden I couldn't control it anymore."

The voice trembled more, "I really love you and I wanted to live with you forever. I wanted to eat your food everyday. I wanted to be the person who spend Christmas holidays with you. It's always been you. I hope you can hear this."

And by the time Wei WuXian was done with his confession, Lan WangJi was in teary mess. His face was wet with tears as those words touched the deepest part inside him. He couldn't help but walked even closer to the stage. The crowds cheered louder and that's when Wei WuXian finally saw him, standing just a few meters from where he was.

"Wei Ying."

Wei WuXian jumped off of the stage even when it was two meters high. He groaned a bit when he landed but proceed to run to where Lan WangJi stood. Lan WangJi smiled at him through his tears and it was too beautiful for him to handle. He didn't care about his sore ankle but to be in Lan WangJi's embrace.

Just when they're finally in close proximity, Wei WuXian crashed himself to the taller man. Lan WangJi staggered backward for a bit but then returned Wei WuXian's hug. Another tear rolled from the corner of his eye. Wei WuXian buried his head on Lan WangJi's neck, inhaling the scent that he liked so much. He could feel his heart was ready to burst open just being in Lan WangJi's arms.

"Lan Zhan..." Wei WuXian murmured, still burying himself on the nape of Lan WangJi's neck.

"Mn." Lan WangJi was stroking the back of Wei WuXian's head.

"Lan Zhan..."
"Mn.""Lan Zhan..."

"I'm here."

Wei WuXian finally looked up and stared straight at the person he loved the most in this entire world. "Why are you crying?" He wiped the tears from Lan WangJi's cheeks.

Lan WangJi smiled. "I'm happy."

"Are you?" Wei WuXian touched his forehead to Lan WangJi's. "I love you, Lan Zhan."

"I love you too, Wei Ying."

With that last word, Lan WangJi moved his head forward and kissed the man who just confessed his love to him. Their lips touched and it felt like the rightest thing to do. It was like all the puzzles finally fitted together.

Wei WuXian moved his lip along with Lan WangJi and he smiled between the kiss. What was the possibility of the younger him thought that he would be kissing Lan WangJi someday? His heart was now beating in a steadier pace, but the fluttering in his stomach still continued as Lan WangJi's soft lip was still brushing all over his.

They're made for each other. They belong together. Even after more than a decade have passed, they still found their way to find each other. It wasn't the ending, it's the start of their journey to forever.

__________________________________________

"Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan, Lan Zhan..."

Wei WuXian playfully called his name. He was lying on his back with his head rested on Lan WangJi's lap, both of them staring at the clear night sky. The sound of the wave sounded like the music purposely played for them.

"Mn." Lan WangJi looked down, his left hand still stroking the top of Wei WuXian's hair.

The younger man took Lan WangJi's right hand and intertwined his own hand with it. "I feel really happy..."

Lan WangJi gripped Wei WuXian's hand tighter. "Me too."

Wei WuXian smiled, "I didn't expect you to return my feeling. I thought I would ruin what we had. But... I'm glad I did it."

The other man didn't say anything but looked at him in contentment.

"I wish we didn't lose those thirteen years..." Wei WuXian sighed.

"It's okay," Lan WangJi lifted Wei WuXian's chin with his left hand so he could look at him, "we still have forever."

Wei WuXian kissed Lan WangJi's hand and sat up. "Since when did you know you like me?"

Hearing that sudden question, Lan WangJi's ear reddened. He didn't expect to be asked about that. But again, no one could expect anything Wei WuXian would say.

"Come on, hahaha," he kissed Lan WangJi's cheek, still laughing. "For me, I guess I've liked you since we got punished by Lan QiRen together to do gardening. And then it only became more certain after I lived with you for a few days."

Lan WangJi coughed. "Way back."

"Huh?" Wei WuXian raised one of his eyebrow. He didn't understand.

"When we saved Rabbit."

Wei WuXian almost died by that answer. His heart was having it's own marching band and he didn't know how to take it down a notch. It was the first time they met.

"Lan Zhan... That was the first time you saw me." Wei WuXian grinned wide albeit feeling very nervous by that sudden confession, "Wh- why?"

Lan WangJi's face was now a hot shade of red, "It was because of your smile."

"My smile... Of all the things in the world, Lan Zhan fell for my smile." Wei WuXian glee bashfully while hiding his face behind both of his hands.

If anyone could see how they interact with each other, people must had been sick by these two fools who were helplessly in love with each other.

"Have I told you, I made that song?" Lan WangJi suddenly asked.

"What song?" He let down his hands to the side.

"The one you sang before."

Wei WuXian looked puzzled. "What do you... Ah! It's yours? No wonder I was always confused since when I have the talents to write a song. But I don't remember you singing it to me. You've always rejected me when I said I wanted to hear your song."

Lan WangJi stared deep into the ocean of Wei WuXian's eyes. "When you were unconscious because of the fever, I had wished it would wake you up."

"Hahaha, so you sang to me when I was asleep? You're really sly, Lan Zhan! I didn't even get to hear you sing." Wei WuXian pouted. "Now sing to me."

"No." Lan WangJi looked at the sea, now wanting to avoid Wei WuXian's gaze.

Wei WuXian punched Lan WangJi's shoulder a little. "What?! That's so unfair! I didn't even remember how your voice sounded while singing!"

Their little argument got in a halt when both of them looked up at the sky as the fireworks festival started. They were like a giant flowers decorating the night. The colorful lights illuminated both of their faces.

Wei WuXian rested his head on Lan WangJi's shoulder. "It's beautiful, right? I hope to see this again with you next year."

"And the year after." Lan WangJi added.

Wei WuXian didn't want to lose so he added, "And another year after."

"And then the next year after too."

"Tsk, you just didn't want to lose, aren't you?" Wei WuXian pouted. "Let's just see it every year forever, until we grow too old to spend our night in the beach without getting rheumatics."

Lan WangJi chuckled. "Mn."

Wei WuXian snuggled himself more on Lan WangJi's shoulder as the older man wrapped his arm around him. This was just their beginning. Lan WangJi was always been his soulmate, his lifetime confidant.

__________________________________________


Epilogue


Wei WuXian woke up because a delicious smell intruded his nose. He got up and walked out of Lan WangJi's room, well now, their room. The sun was already shining outside when he walked to the kitchen.

He sneaked up to Lan WangJi who was busy cooking something and wrapped his arms around the taller man's waist.

"Morning, Lan Zhan."

Lan WangJi looked to the right behind his shoulder. "You've woke up? It's still early."

Wei WuXian shook his head, still attaching himself to Lan WangJi's back. "No, I'm cleaning the house today."

"Mn."

"Happy birthday, Lan Zhan." Wei WuXian kissed Lan WangJi's jaw.

"You've already said it last night."

Wei WuXian grinned, "Can't I just say it again? I can say it every hour if I want, pffft." He turned his attention to the delicious smell again. "What are you cooking?"

Lan WangJi held a spoonful of the food, blew on it for a while and gave it to Wei WuXian. "Stuffed chicken and beef Wellington."

"Hmmm, my Lan Zhan's cooking always taste good. Can't we just order delivery food for them? I can eat all of these by myself."

"No, you can't. Just shower, you just got up."

Wei WuXian smelled himself theatrically. "Meh, I'm good, hahaha." Then he got off of Lan WangJi's back and walked to the living room. "I'll shower after cleaning. Don't miss me."

Then he took a vacuum cleaner from the storage room and started cleaning every nook and cranny of the apartment. Rabbit, who was sleeping on his own cat bed, jumped up in shock and ran to the sofa. Then he positioned himself on the far corner of the sofa and continued his journey to the dreamland.

It was January 23rd, almost a month since they got together and today was Lan WangJi's birthday. Wei WuXian came to Lan WangJi's apartment every now and then, mostly on weekends. He planned to ask The Demon--no he needed to stop calling her that--Mrs. Xuan, to be relocated on the Gusu branch. He had prepared the documents and Mrs. Xuan had somehow already gave him a green light.

Today they planned to celebrate Lan WangJi's birthday with their friends, something that he never did before. But Wei WuXian insisted to and Lan WangJi could never say no to him. So, he was busy cooking by himself since this morning and Wei WuXian took the role of cleaning.

The sun already moved higher when they both finished with their tasks. Wei WuXian finally took a shower and dressed himself nicely in one of Lan WangJi's clothes. He recently liked to wear Lan WangJi's clothes because most of the materials were soft and comfortable for him. And the owner of the clothes didn't mind either.

"What time are they coming in?"

Lan WangJi wiped his hand on a towel. "Maybe at noon. I'm gonna change my clothes first."

"Okay."

And then someone rang their doorbell.

Wei WuXian ran to the intercom and saw a smiling face on the screen. It was Nie HuaiSang. He quickly rushed to the door and opened it.

"Yoooo, I thought I might get lost. This apartment complex is like, huge."

They hugged each other and Wei WuXian let Nie HuaiSang in. He took off his shoes and changed into the indoor slippers. His eyes marveled at the size of Lan WangJi's unit.

"Well... Well... Lan WangJi's really loaded huh?" He nudged Wei WuXian's stomach and gave him a huge box wrapped in gift paper. "Here, for you, eh and maybe him."

Wei WuXian looked at the box. "What the hell is this?"

"Chilli powders." Nie HuaiSang shrugged. "Figured you wouldn't have anything that would last for a long time."

"Yeah, but you can cook for the whole town with this size of chilli powders! Are you trying to make him kill me?"

Nie HuaiSang plopped himself to the couch. "Go figures."

Rabbit surprised by the sudden unknown presence and hissed. Nie HuaiSang bolted up and screamed. "What the hell, you have cat?!"

"Yes. Are you afraid of them?" Wei WuXian grinned.

"N- no. Not at all." But then he moved himself to the other end of the sofa and sat uncomfortably on edge while Rabbit looked at him suspiciously, moving his tail up and down.

Not that long after, the bell rang again and Wei WuXian opened the door excitedly. It was SiZhui and JingYi. Both of them grinned widely as they walked inside.

"Hello, Uncle Wei." SiZhui bowed to him politely, JingYi followed.

"Where's WangJi teacher? We have a gift for him." JingYi scanned through the room.

Wei WuXian was still smiling. "He's currently changing clothes. You could gave the gift to me."

"But-" JingYi protested but SiZhui grabbed the gift from JingYi's hand. "Here, it's actually a toy for cat as we know WangJi Teacher has a cat."

"Oh, yeah. His name is Rabbit, he's on the sofa."

"Who the hell named their cat as Rabbit?" JingYi walked inside, snickering.

Wei WuXian chuckled and followed them. Just as they walked to the living room, Lan WangJi got out of his room, looking stunning despite dressing casually. Wei WuXian walked towards him and kissed his cheek.

"My man's looking good."

But then a protest was heard across the room. "Ewwwww, can't you just take down the PDA?" It was JingYi. On the contrary, SiZhui just smiled at both of them.

Lan WangJi tapped Wei WuXian's cheek lightly and walked to both of his students after saying hi to Nie HuaiSang. Then five minutes later, Jiang Cheng came with Wen Qing and Wen Ning. Turned out that the three of them had agreed to come together since Jiang Cheng could just pick both of them from Yunmeng to Yiling. Jiang Cheng then gave Lan WangJi and Wei WuXian a couple watch while the siblings gave them a wooden wall decoration. With the last addition of those three, the team was now complete.

They sat together on the makeshift huge dining table and Lan WangJi served them the foods he just cooked. All of their eyes followed as the foods made their way to the tables. Nie HuaiSang looked like he might had drooled a little.

"You cook all of this, Teacher?" JingYi marveled at the vast arrays of food in front of them.

"Mn."

Nie HuaiSang snapped, "Wei WuXian is always the lucky one."

Before the foods got cold, they each dive into it and praised of how a good cook Lan WangJi was. Nie HuaiSang stated how it was unfair that Lan WangJi could do anything. Jiang Cheng ate in silence, eating the most out of everyone. Wen Qing asked several recipes and Wen Ning and the kids just enjoyed the food happily. Soon, there were almost nothing left on the plates.

"Thank you, the food was very good." Jiang Cheng wiped his mouth.

Wei WuXian laughed, "Yeah, I know it was good. You ate like 6 portions of them."

Jiang Cheng threw a sharp look at him, "No! I didn't even eat that much!"

"You kind of did." Wen Ning added, but he didn't dare to look at him.

Nie HuaiSang threw his head back, laughing. "You know Wen Ning can't lie, right? Hahahaha."

Then they chatted together, reminiscing their younger days while SiZhui and JingYi were amused by the older Cloud Recess High students. The rules were stricter now so it was very interesting to hear the Seniors' stories. They wouldn't even dare to sneak in some snack like how Wei WuXian did.

"And no one would ever bet, that the loud troublemaker Wei WuXian would end up being together with the prim and pristine Lan WangJi. Tell this to the younger me and I would say that you're drunk." Nue HuaiSang rubbed his own chin.

"I guess I kind of use all the luck I have for this," Wei WuXian smiled at Lan WangJi.

JingYi made a face again. "Yeah, uh, ew. By the way, it's already 4 pm. Let's just go, we need to catch the bus."

"Oh, it's already this late?" SiZhui looked at his watch. "It is. We have to go, I guess."

Lan WangJi looked up to both of them, "Should I drive you back?"

"NO!" Both JingYi and SiZhui refused, they didn't want to inconvenience their teacher, especially on his birthday. "It's okay, Teacher." JingYi assured him.

Then Wen Ning slapped his own forehead. "Sister, I forgot to tell you I'm going back with Nie HuaiSang. He said that his brother wanted to take us to go fishing."

"Oh?" Wen Qing looked to Jiang Cheng. "I think it'll be an inconvenience for you just to drive me to Yiling. I can take the bus."

Jiang Cheng replied quickly, "No no no, it's okay, I'll drive you home."

Then Wen Qing said thanks and one by one they said their blessing for Lan WangJi's birthday and then their goodbyes. Jiang Cheng was the last one to leave and he stopped on the doorway.

"I'm happy for you brother," he looked back and nodded to Wei WuXian then Lan WangJi, "please take care of my brother, he could be a pain in the ass most of the time but please bear with it."

Wei WuXian protested, "You! Can't you just say any nice thing to me?"

And then he smiled and left both of them alone, closing the door.

Smiling, Wei WuXian looked at Lan WangJi, circling his arms around his neck. "It was tiring for you, right? You've done a great job."

Lan WangJi brushed Wei WuXian's messy hair with his hand, "No, it was fun once in a while."

"I kinda felt sorry for all the people in this world."

Tauting his brows, Lan WangJi asked, "Why?"

"Because I just snatched the best man in this world for myself," Wei WuXian nuzzled his nose on Lan WangJi's.

The older man blushed slightly, "Ridiculous. I'm the one who's lucky."

Wei WuXian grinned wider. "Yeah, aren't you?"

Then a sudden silence enveloped them.

"It gets really quiet, eh, Lan Zhan?" Wei WuXian looked around the place that was so lively few minutes ago.

Lan WangJi nodded, "Mn. It's quiet."

A devilish smile crossed Wei WuXian's face. "Let's say... How about we get some kids?"

Lan WangJi's face was now boiling red hearing that.

"Shameless."

Then Lan WangJi stormed off to his room, followed by Wei WuXian who was still laughing behind him. And for the days to come, the place was always filled with Wei WuXian's laughter, their laughter, and the warmth they share for each other.


Fin.





Chapter End Notes
So... This story finally ends (╥﹏╥)Thanks for everyone who's been with me from the start. Even waited when I haven't updated for months. This is my first fic and it will always be something I remember for a long time (-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩___-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩-̩̩̩)Thanks for all your thoughts and comments, they really encouraged me to write (灬º‿º灬)♡I hope you like this chapter, I'm sorry if I made some mistakes along the way. ಥ‿ಥI'm also sorry if you felt this story is too slow with the love progression, but I really love a slooowww burn, that's why I really like how the original book was written. (｡•́︿•̀｡)I'm thinking about doing some bonus chapters but I don't if you guys want to read it or not (;;;・_・)Anyway, sorry for the long note, it's a long journey. Let's meet again anytime. Thank you ♡(˃͈ દ ˂͈ ༶ )(P.s. Today is The Untamed/CQL's first anniversary!!!! Omg I'm so happy I got to finish it on time! Happy first anniversary to the best drama ever (◍•ᴗ•◍)❤)


Bonus Chapter : Until The Time Is Through
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Lan WangJi woke up to an empty space beside him. He opened his eyes slightly and saw the side where Wei WuXian usually be. He was nowhere to be seen. He took his phone from the night stand and called the person.

One ring. Two rings.

"Lan Zhan!"


The said person let out a relieved breath. "Where are you?"

"I... I'm jogging, hahahaha." He could hear Wei WuXian's laugh from the other side of the phone. "What time are you going to work?"

It's Saturday so Lan WangJi still had to go to school for a half day while Wei WuXian had his day off. Wei WuXian had already moved to Gusu since last week and he usually just laze around to sleep during the day. But today was a rare occasion so it somehow got Lan WangJi surprised that Wei WuXian wasn't in his bed so early in the morning.

"A little bit later."


"Okay, be safe on your way. I'm going to run again for a bit. Love you, Lan Zhan."


The line disconnected but Lan WangJi could hear Wei WuXian gave him a kiss through the phone before it got cut off. He smiled. He never knew before that such silly acts actually made his day better.

So he walked to the kitchen, made some toasted sandwich for breakfast and left some for Wei WuXian. He might be hungry after his run. Then he fed Rabbit some kibbles and walked to the shower.

Passing by the big clock on the living room he saw that it was only half past six. Usually he would snuggle for some times with Wei WuXian, but now the said person wasn't there for him to do so. Then he took his time in the shower, wore his white suit and left his apartment.

__________________________________________

Wei WuXian walked inside the apartment with both of his hands full with groceries.

"Lan Zhannnn? Lan Zhannnnn!" His eyes scanned around the room and sharpening his hearing to hear a reply. "Alright, he had gone to work, hehe."

Then he strolled to the kitchen and dropped the full grocery bags.

"Let's see..."

But before he did anything, he took his phone and called someone. "You sure this will work right?"


"Yeah, as long as you don't try to screw anything."


It was Nie HuaiSang. Wei WuXian talked for a bit and hung up. He rolled his sleeve, wash his hands and carefully took out the ingredients from the bags. There were flours, chocolates and some candies.

"Uh, where's the apron?" Then he walked to the counter and saw the sandwiches Lan WangJi left for him. "Look at this, how did I get this lucky to have someone like Lan WangJi?" He muttered to himself and gobbled down all of it.

He opened the recipe that he found on the internet and read it carefully. "Meh, seems easy." He shrugged.

At last he started the actual cooking. He mixed some flour with eggs and water and hummed in happiness. Cooking wasn't that bad actually, he thought to himself.

Then he started to melt some chocolate for the batter he already made but he used the highest heat on the stove. In just a few minutes, the chocolate burned and he panicked, tried to save it by taking it off from the stove with his bare hand. The hot pot toppled and some of it got splattered on his hand.

"OUCH THAT HURTS!"

Wei WuXian quickly ran to the sink and wash his hand, thankfully only small amount got on him. But still, there was a noticable red spot around his right wrist. Sighing, he walked to the emergency cabinet and put some ointment on his wound.

Then he got back to the kitchen and see the mess on the floor. "Ugh, what have I done?"

He cleaned it and abandoned the melting chocolate part completely and switched to plain sponge cake that he'd decorate with some chocolate later on. Wei WuXian read the step again and preheated the oven. Five minutes passed, he put his dough on the oven and sighed for the countless times that day.

"Okay, 45 minutes wait."

Wei WuXian walked to the living room and watched the TV. But the tiredness consumed him that he fell asleep on the couch. Of course, he woke up an hour and half later. He smelled something burning and his brain quickly zapped, the cake!

Running to the kitchen, he saw smoke coming off of the oven and the sensor on water sprinkler turned on.

"Did I just make a bigger mess?"

The sprinkler finally turned off and Wei WuXian dragged his feet to the kitchen. He wiped all the water and almost cry seeing the ruined ingredients on the counter. But one of the that really got him was still in the oven.

With shaking hands, he opened the oven and saw a black chunk of mass.

"Yeah... I totally bombed this."

Wei WuXian tried to salvage the cake, luckily the inner part of the cake wasn't that burned. He cut it and got a small, maybe too small, portion of the cake and topped it with some chocolate and candy.

"That looks really bad, but I hope Lan Zhan wouldn't mind."

He threw a glance to the clock, it was almost two in the afternoon already. He hurriedly took his phone and called his lover. It was answered in no time. "Lan Zhan, what time are you going home?"


"I'm about to. Why?"


"Don't!" Wei WuXian shook his head, "I mean, stay there I'll pick you up."

There was a few moment of silence. "Why? What about my car?"

"Don't worry, I'll drive you to work tomorrow and you could leave your car there for a night." Wei WuXian avoided answering the first question.


"Mn."


Then Wei WuXian walked giddily to the shower, changed his clothes, packed the failed cake and left.

__________________________________________

His car pulled up to the entrance of Cloud Recess Private High School. Thousands of memories, the good and the bad, flooded into him like a movie flash. But then Wei WuXian saw a tall man in white walked from inside the gate, the man who got his entire world.

He smiled as Lan WangJi walked closer and closer and finally got inside his car.

"I missed you, Lan Zhan." Wei WuXian leaned towards Lan WangJi and kissed him.

"Mn. Me too." Lan WangJi put on his seatbelt but his face was still puzzled. He still didn't know why Wei WuXian insisted to pick him up. "Where are we going?"

Wei WuXian grinned and winked at him, "It's a secret." He changed the gear and grabbed one of Lan WangJi's hand.

It was a long drive and when Wei WuXian finally pulled up, they were somewhere on the feet of a hill.

Both of them got out and Lan WangJi grew even more confused. "Wei Ying?"

"Let's do some hiking!" Wei WuXian grabbed Lan WangJi's hand and marched to the hill.

They had only walked for fifteen minutes when the sky turned darker and darker by the time passed.

"Don't tell me-" Wei WuXian muttered to himself before he felt a droplet touched his forehead.

"For God's sake..." Before Wei WuXian could even curse more, the droplets changed to drizzles and soon it was pouring.

Lan WangJi didn't know what Wei WuXian's plan was but he didn't want Wei WuXian to get drenched and got sick in the process.

"Wei Ying, let's just go back."

Wei WuXian couldn't even protest as they ran back to the car. Both of their top were drenched but they quickly get inside the car. A solemn look plastered all over Wei WuXian's face.

Lan WangJi reached the backseat of his car and rumbled for a bit. Then he drag the bag he found to his lap. It was his gym clothes.

"Wear this."

He handed a pair of jacket and tee to Wei WuXian, who only took the hoodie jacket and changed into it.

He gave the tee back to Lan WangJi, "You should change your clothes too."

Lan WangJi did as he was told. He hesitated but managed to ask, "Are you okay? You can tell me everything along the way."

Wei WuXian shook his head. "No... Maybe, later."

His plans were all ruined. Ever since the very start. It was like the universe conspired against him to fail all of his plan today. He sighed.

"Mn. I'll drive. Where's the key?"

Lan WangJi was already sitting on the driver seat, out of habit, since Lan WangJi was the one who usually drive all the time they went out together.

Wei WuXian handed the key then they drove back, leaving the hill.

__________________________________________

Wei WuXian fell asleep along the journey back and when he felt that the car stopped, he thought they were home already. But instead of the usual parking lot on Lan WangJi's apartment, they stopped on a vast empty land. It wasn't raining anymore so he could see that they were somewhere in a suburb area, with the next house located quite far from there. He rubbed his eyes, where were they?

"Lan Zhan? Where are we?"

Lan WangJi took off his belt then Wei WuXian's. "Let's get out first."

He got out first and Wei WuXian trailed behind him. It was a green open field with nothing on top of it. A confused look still lingered on Wei WuXian's face.

Lan WangJi held him from the back, his arm encircled Wei WuXian's waist. "I actually planned to tell you about this on your birthday, but today you look very sad so I thought this might cheer you up somehow." He kissed the temple of Wei WuXian's head.

Wei WuXian gripped on Lan WangJi's hand tighter. "What- what do you mean?"

Turning Wei WuXian so he came to face him, Lan WangJi smiled. "You're amazing at what you do, so I thought you'll be happy if you were the one who's going to build our house."

"You- you mean..." Wei WuXian glanced back and forth. Then stared at Lan WangJi's calming gaze. "This is our... Our?"

Lan WangJi nodded, "Yes." He knew what Wei WuXian was going to say.

Uncontrollably, Wei WuXian cried. He was not someone who easily cried. But that day was very frustrating and again, Lan WangJi managed to save him.

"You're so cruel, Lan Zhan," Wei WuXian encircled his arms around Lan WangJi's neck, still crying. "Do you know what day is it today?"

Lan WangJi shook his head and answered honestly, "No. What day is it?"

Wei WuXian unattached himself from the taller man. "Just as I thought," he sighed, "It's Valentine day! It's supposed to be a special day. I asked Nie HuaiSang what a couple should do on this day but it's all ruined. And you... And you end up being the one who do everything for me. I really want to repay your kindness, Lan Zhan."

A hand caressed his cheek, wiping his tears and brought his face closer to Lan WangJi. He kissed Wei WuXian with tenderness, hoping Wei WuXian could feel that he didn't need to do anything for him. It was enough for Lan WangJi that Wei WuXian was willing to be with him.

"Wei Ying, you don't need to do anything for me. Just you being with me is enough for me."

Wei WuXian finally smiled hearing that. Getting back the confidence he had lost before, he fumbled with something on his pant's pocket. Then he took out a small wooden box.

"Lan Zhan... I actually planned to gave you this on top of the hill, looking at the scenery romantically. Again, it was Nie HuaiSang's idea," Wei WuXian paused to take a breath, "I actually haven't been working late, I've been taking jewelry making class. I haven't gave you a birthday present, right?"

He opened the box and there were two simple rings made of white gold.

Wei WuXian smiled at Lan WangJi, giving his brightest smile, "It has our name engraved inside the ring. Screw all my stupid plan, I'll just do it here."

Lan WangJi could feel his heart stopped and then beat two times faster than usual.

"Lan WangJi, Lan Zhan, will you willfully stick by my side even after I get all the wrinkles on my face?" Wei WuXian looked at him with the utmost sincerity.

A drop of tear rolled down on his cheek and Lan WangJi's voice trembled. "Mn."

"Will you patiently answer me even after I got too old to remember anything you say three seconds before?"

"Mn."

"Will you still kiss me even after I got no teeths left?" Wei WuXian hesitated. "That's too extreme."

But Lan WangJi answered firmly, "Mn. I will."

"Hmm, will you still pat my head even when I have no hairs left?"

"Mn."

Wei WuXian's grin got wider. "I would do all the same things to you too. So... Will you accept this lacking boyfriend's offer for you to be my husband for life?"

"I do." Lan WangJi didn't even hesitate even for a bit.

Then Wei WuXian put the ring on Lan WangJi's trembling finger and Lan WangJi did the same. Lan WangJi looked at his own hand and smiled. Wei WuXian's plan might have failed, but it went even better.

"Did we get engaged just like that?" Wei WuXian wondered. "I'm really sorry if it's not extravagant and special like how I planned it."

Lan WangJi took another look at his finger that now had ring wrapped around it. "You're the best gift for me."

The shameless Wei WuXian, blushed. "How can you say something so heart fluttering non chalantly?"

Lan WangJi didn't say anything but let his lip met Wei WuXian's. The kiss felt magnificent, as they've poured all of their worries and solved it together. And they've chosen to take their relationship to another step.

"Sorry for not giving you the best Valentine experience, Lan Zhan. It was supposed to be a special day."

Wei WuXian said as they pulled off from the kiss.

"Everyday with you is a special day, Wei Ying." Lan WangJi smiled and kissed Wei WuXian's forehead.

"There! You did it again. Are you a playboy or what?"

"Mn. Only for you."

Wei WuXian grinned wide and pulled Lan WangJi into another kiss. That day, on a failed Valentine plan, they managed to stick together for each other. And they would always be, until the time is through.

__________________________________________

The next day

"My key is on my bag!" Wei WuXian yelled from the shower.
Lan WangJi opened the bag and took out some of Wei WuXian's belonging to look for the key. Then he saw a plastic container inside. It peaked his curiosity as he never knew Wei WuXian would bring food to work. He opened it and found a mess that was so badly ruined, he couldn't guess what the actual form was.
He walked closer to the bathroom as Wei WuXian had just done with his shower.
"Wei Ying, what is this?" Lan WangJi looked at him confusedly.
Wei WuXian's face darkened.

Damn, I completely forgot about that thing.




Chapter End Notes
I hope you like this extra (╥﹏╥)
This will be the last addition to this story. I'm planning to write another WangXian fic sometime soon. (• ▽ •;)
Hope to see you again on my other story! (๑♡⌓♡๑)



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



