



A Series of Sunrises - awkwardedgeworth - Can Xiang falseteroru
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

A Series of Sunrises
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/2239641.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
残響のテロル | Zankyou no Terror | Terror in Resonance
Relationship:
Mishima Lisa/Twelve
Character:
Twelve | Hisami Touji, Nine | Kokonoe Arata, Mishima Lisa
Additional Tags:
general fic of their lives, faint hisalisa if you squint
Stats:

        Published: 2014-09-01
          Completed: 2014-12-31
          Chapters: 31/31
        Words: 31563
      

A Series of Sunrises
by awkwardedgeworth
Summary
The daily adventures that happen when Lisa is taken under the wing of Tokyo's terrorists. Brooding Nine and jokes ensues.
Notes
So this came up in a chat with updatedautopsy from tumblr. Yeah. Enjoy!

          See the end of the work for more notes





Afghan Blanket



 
He still can't believe it.

They're on a mission, damn it, and Twelve just had to bring a girl home. A girl, who Nine is sure of being an arsonist because how can someone burn that much food. It's impossible.

It wasn't according to their plan.

Said girl is sitting on the couch, cowering from the cheap CGI effects on the screen that Nine had streamed a mere few minutes ago. Twelve, seemingly in tuned with his comrade, turns and shoots the brooding teenager a wide, sunny smile. 

Nine turns back to his laptop screen, glaring at the screen as the periodic blinker prompts him to type something into the search bar.

Perhaps he should do a recon check of the firewalls. Yes. That should keep his mind busy enough. Soon, the rain outside falls on deaf ears, and so does the screams and whimpers from the duo on the couch. 

They were careful in covering their tracks. The authorities so far haven't issued a nation wide search for the missing plutonium, and while Twelve displayed his relief, Nine was a little more discreet, but he was thankful nonetheless. For Tokyo's daft police force and their collective brains that can't comprehend the messages they've left.

Nine is pulled out of his thoughts by watching Lisa's head droop slowly toward's Twelve's. The girl could stay...for now. Involving someone from the public, especially a minor would be last resort, but so far other than being a pyromaniac, she hasn't been much of a problem.


Nngh..


His legs are starting to turn antsy, so he stretches them and walks towards the duo, who has fallen asleep- it's 2 AM and the TV is showing a blue screen, paused on a screencap of a zombie with its hand on the main protagonist.

Nine wrinkles his nose, before peering at his childhood friend.

Twelve has his head on Lisa's, seemingly unaware of him staring. The rain outside is louder, as expected of Tokyo weather in the heat of summer, the drizzling turns into a monsoon. 

Perhaps the girl reminds him of one of many children he has left at the institute, she's small, unsurprisingly weak and faints a lot. Most of her clothes, Nine scrutinizes, are a little small, except for her school uniform. Her pale face is exhausted, and he purses his lips, body moving without his consent to grab the thick afghan on the other end of the couch.  

He opens the woolly blanket and spreads it over the zombie enthusiasts, making sure to cover their toes and to tuck the ends into Twelve's shoulder because he gets cold easily.

Nine steps back, unease spreading through him. He shouldn't get too familiar with Mishima. Yes. It'd be for the best. They'll figure out a plan that will let them do their own business without her getting involved. Nine briskly walks to his room, shutting the door and dropping onto the cold sheets. It'd be the best to not let her get too familiar with them.

He shuts his eyes and listens to the rain storm outside until he falls asleep. 




Assembly Line



Life, Nine muses, isn't so bad with Mishima Lisa.  

Of course no sooner than he had come to that mindset the aforementioned somehow trips over nothing and her bundle of clothes falls, and the girl blushes and apologizes to the floor, before hurrying to where Twelve is.

Twelve had suggested they wash everything in the apartment because the rainstorm seemed to have passed, and his point was backed up with the sun streaming through the windows not a second too soon, which had seared Nine's still drowsy eyes. Nine complied because Twelve is loud in the morning, and he wishes to have a peaceful morning.

"Nineee! Give me your blacks already!"

"I'm coming. Be patient." Twelve only grins wider when he hands off his clothes to the shorter teen, who's teaching Lisa how their washing machine operates and which buttons is for what.

"...um...stain remover...." Her voice is soft he hardly hears her mumble.

"What?"

Lisa flinches, ducking her head and avoiding Nine's eyes. Was he really that intimidating to her? Twelve had made him wear something bright because he thinks it would make Lisa less nervous but the girl is hopping from one foot to the other. "...there's a stain on these pants." She shyly holds up the hems of his grey jeans, and indeed, there's a mud stain caking the hems.

He points to the basket next to the washing machine. "It's in there."

She bows to him, before rushing to dab the agent on the fabric. 

When he turns, he sees Twelve grin at him, as if he's missing in on a private joke.

 


 

A large sheet is flung to him by an enthusiastic Twelve who's ordering an assembly line to be organized. "I'll pass the sheets to Nine, and you can put the pins on the clothesline, okay, Lisa?"

Mishima nods, armed with a bucket of clothespins by her feet. It seems that her fever has passed, but she still looks pale in the bright sunlight. "I-I'll try my best..."

Twelve shoots her a bright smile enough to rival the fiery ball in the sky. "Of course!"

Mishima, surprisingly, moves quite efficiently with her pins. Perhaps Nine feels a little twinge of satisfaction at their good work. All the available clotheslines are weighted down by bedsheets, comforters, shirts and bottoms, and Nine wipes a bead of sweat from his forehead. The sun is at its peak, and he wants to go back in the shade soon, but Twelve is still harping on about what a good job Lisa did, and the girl is trying her best to stop blushing.

Later that night after they had their very late dinner (Nine and Twelve cooks; Lisa is banned from the kitchen until further notice), Twelve is sitting on the couch as Nine occupies his work table. "She can be resourceful." 

He stops typing. "If this is a ploy to show me that she can be one of us, it's not working."

Twelve is quiet after that, looking out into the windows and watching the yellow glow from the houses grows as the night turns into dawn. It's quiet where they live, quiet and secluded. Peaceful.

"She wants to learn, you know.

Nine scowls. "What have you been telling her? She's a minor-"

"Maybe one day we'll be in a pinch and we need her help."

"...I prefer if we don't."

Twelve's smile suddenly turns venomous, and Nine feels a cold hand tickle his spine. "One day, Nine...you won't know."

They both sit in silence after that, the only sound disrupting the silence is Lisa's squirming from the other bedroom. The sky is starting to lighten outside, and Nine reminds him to not let the girl sleep with such an erratic sleep schedule since her health is still unknown.

"Your voice changed today."

"It did?" Twelve has synesthesia, and has told Nine once after they escaped the institute that his voice is a mixture of grey and blacks. Monochrome. Not an astoundingly rare color, but so far Twelve had told him he has only seen six or seven greys.

Twelve hums. "It's still grey, but it has a tinge of purple after we did laundry with Lisa." He shoots Nine and sweet smile. "Your fondness for her is growing."

Nine snorts. "Don't be ridiculous. I was amazed that she didn't take down any of the clotheslines. That's all." He stands and takes his cold mug of tea to the kitchen.

Twelve is still all smiles, his t-shirt is still soaked from when Nine had to splash him with soapy water because he was blowing bubbles at Mishima. The two has grown closer over the past few days of being cooped up in the apartment watching zombie movies. "Whatever you say, Nine."


Damn right whatever I say.





Bubbles
Chapter Notes
I like writing in Nine's pov



Nine hopes, deeply hopes from the bottom of his heart, that Lisa wouldn't burn the house down. 
He had come back from the corner store a block away with some butter and milk, and sees Twelve wielding a spatula as he points the cooking utensil on a well worn cookbook with a picture of a chicken roast on the cover. 

"Do you want her to burn the house down?"

Twelve pouts. "But she already has an apron on and everything! Come on, Nine. If we teach her, nothing can go wrong." Twelve takes the plastic bag away from him. "Tonight is pasta night, right? No one can mess that up."

Nine only breathes in, and pulls up a chair and sits next to the stove as Twelve instructs the trembling girl how to make a white sauce. 

Twelve points to the print in the book, leaning close to read it out loud and summarizing it. "White sauce consists of a roux, which mean when you melt the butter you add in some flour so it thickens."

Mishima is noticeably turning paler as Twelve carries on, oblivious. "Well after that just add some seasonings and TA DAAA!" The girl flinches and holds onto the stove like her life depends on it. "Oh sorry, that was loud, wasn't it?"

Nine bores his eyes onto her. She's panicking no less, and he can smell the telltale hint of smoke coming from the pot and quickly takes the milk away from her and pours it into the pot. "Look. If you leave the roux unattended, it'll burn." Lisa is nodding furiously at his instructions. "Here, take Twelve's spoon and stir it." The roux lump slowly incorporates itself with the milk.

"See?" Twelve sidles up to Lisa, who flinches from surprise but continues to stir. "Easy, right?"

"....um...Kokonoe-san..."

"Yes?"

"Th-thank you."

He blinks, before nodding and grabbing the pasta from a drawer. Okay so she didn't burn the house, that's a relief.

They have their dinner in front of the TV, and Nine is sitting on his computer chair, but he twirls the pasta in the sauce as Twelve entertains Lisa with the idea of a Mario Kart battle. 

This scene, Twelve sitting on the couch with his hands animating his sentences, and Lisa sipping her cup of ice tea, is surreal. The setting sun peers into their apartment and hits Lisa's cup, refracting the golden color across the white walls.

It's nice, Nine thinks, slurping the pasta. The sauce is thick and flavored correctly.

Suddenly the prospect of Mishima Lisa living with them doesn't sound all too horrible.

It's his turn to wash the dishes, and he loads the sink with hot water and squirts a fair amount of soap. Grabbing the sponge, he thrusts his hands in the water and begins scrubbing. Lisa is beside him with a towel, and is rinsing the plates before she dries them. It's efficient, just how he likes it.

And then Twelve appears.

"Twelve." Nine icily warns. "If you try that stunt you pulled off last time-"

A wad of bubbles goes into his mouth and the bitter taste explodes all over his tongue and Twelve is laughing boisterously and he splashes some water towards Lisa. "Have a little fun, Nine!" 

"Twelve!" More bubbles are blown to him and he spits into the sleeve of his shirt. His shirt is already wet so what's the point. "That thing is bitter! Stop it!"

A tinkle of laugh distracts Twelve and he beams to Lisa, who turns red. "Ah- I-I'm so-sorry! It's just...funny."

Nine irritably turns back to scrubbing, and Twelve laughs. "Your voice. It turned yellow."

"..ah?"

"It's usually paler, like a lily, but just now it was like a firework of sunshine! Almost orange!" Mishima turns a bit pink, and mumbles a very faint thank you.

Nine rolls his eyes, before a particularly large wave of soapy water splashes his face.




Starbursts
Chapter Notes
Twelve seems like he would enjoy sweets.



"Stop throwing whatever you want into the cart, Twelve." 

They're currently in the Tsujiki Fish Market, shopping for food. Nine is trying to read the list in his hands of what they need while attempting to contain a very excited Twelve, who's vibrating from coffee this early in the morning. Already, there's a few people out and about in the cold morning air. They roused Mishima from her sleep and she blearily follows them to the station, where she fell asleep on the seats before Twelve woke her up.

"Come one! This ice cream is on sale!"

"I said no." Nine huffs. "We're running out of vegetables. And stop spoiling your sweet tooth." Lisa is watching the exchange with an amused, but shy expression. Nine knights her as the cart pusher as they wander in one of the many grocery stores. A big package of fish is already purchased from the morning auction, and Nine is on a mission to get out of the market before Twelve manages to sneak in some candies.

Twelve pouts but relents. "Lisa, do you need anything? Like headache medication? I know Nine needs that."

Mishima shakes her head, before hesitating. "...um..."

"Yes?"

"...could you...buy me a new toothbrush...?" She fidgets with the hems of her sweater before looking up at him beneath her lashes. God, is he still scary to her? Their interactions are better than before- at least she doesn't stutter around him any longer.

"Watch Twelve. I'll get the toothbrush."

Mishima nods, and Nine hurries to the aisle, before picking out a medium bristled brush and swerving through the masses out for a morning shop. He sees the familiar head of Shibazaki and Nine pulls his cap lower. The detective seems to be purchasing tobacco. It's when he's a few feet away does he notice the detective have a port man beside him chatting about ramen.

When he reaches the duo, the cart is already half full with vegetables (it seems that Mishima likes kale) and Twelve leads them to the check out, before he drags Lisa outside.

Suspicious.

Nine watches the worker scan all of the food and hands some bills, before noticing a bright package on top of the heads of vegetables.

Sour Starbursts. Of course. He walks out and hands the candy to an enthusiastic Twelve, who pops the package open and hands a handful to Lisa.

"Want one?"

"No." But Twelve presses a few in his hands anyway, before returning to Lisa's side and chirpily asking her which color she likes best. Mishima only trips twice in their trip to the station, and the duo collapse on the seats, clearly exhausted from the early start in the morning.

Nine sucks on the pink starbursts on the train ride home, standing close to them.




Cross Hatching
Chapter Notes
Tried writing in Lisa's pov.



Sometimes, Mishima Lisa likes to draw.

It started when her teachers can't keep her attention. School sometimes can be boring, and like other kids her age, she'd rather much look out the window and look at the birds flying without a care in the world than to listen to the drone of a machine.

Overtime, her sketches of the trees outside turns into her two roommates. Kokonoe Arata and Hisami Touji.

She wasn't sure of how it all started honestly. Kokonoe would always be typing away on his laptop, occasionally standing up to relieve himself or replenish his cup of water. Hisami comes in and out, sometimes bringing snacks (to which Kokonoe would give him a lecture about spending their money on sweets) or bringing some reports or vague packages.

When Lisa asks him one time what the packages consists of, Hisami smiles sweetly at her, before saying, "I'd have to kill you if I tell you, Lisa."

After that, she doesn't ask.

She's at a loss what to do, because the only times she feels useful is when she helps out the chores. She avoids cooking though, because Kokonoe would shoot her a death glare so potent she can feel the blood drain out of her.

"Just rest, Lisa." Twelve would say.

There's a limit to how much someone can sit on the couch.

Spotting a paper and pen, she draws the notepad closer, and moves her arms in jagged lines, cross hatching to place shadows. Kokonoe is an ideal figure. The way he's slightly hunched over his laptop lets the shadows fall on his face strongly.

Lisa stops her sketching.

"Wow." Says a voice by her ear.

She immediately flinches and whips her head around. "Hi-Hisami!"

"Ciao." He grins. Kokonoe looks up from his laptop, glasses refracting the sunlight from the window. The momentarily flash blinds Lisa, and Hisami takes that moment of to snatch the drawing away from her. "Wow. This is good, Lisa. You should have told me you were an artist!"

She gasps and feels the all too familiar blood rush to her cheeks. Her heart is working time, and she's sure her face strongly resembles a tomato now. "Pl-please give it back!" She tries to swipe Hisami's arm. "Hisami!"

A longer, paler arm reaches for the drawing and Lisa feels like she wants to faint.

Kokonoe's eyes goes over the harsh cross hatches. Hisami is giving Lisa a grimace, as if telling her he's sorry. "I'm s-sorry Kokonoe! I-I...."

"It's good."

Lisa exhales. Kokonoe is praising her. He hands her back her drawing, and it was a while before the blush on her face recedes.

The next day she sees her drawing on the center of the fridge, held up by a magnet.




Daisy



Nine exhales slowly, before opening his eyes and glaring at an over gleeful Twelve and pale Mishima who doesn't know whether to laugh, or be horrified. She settles for looking scandalized, though. 

"You look pretty, Nine."



He can feel the small elastic bands pulling his hair by the roots. It must have been Twelve's idea to ridicule him- because he apparently has the longest hair out of them and Twelve wanted to put Lisa's hair up, but of course he needs practice, and what better person to practice but on his friend?



"Are you done?" Mishima flinches when she hears his tone, and Nine feels a stab of worry, so he forces the irritation out of his tone. He pats his head and meets several clumps of hair that is sure sticking up. He feels foolish.


Twelve laughs uproariously, and Mishima is torn between not wanting to laugh at Nine and choking down her laughter. The pale girl looks healthier these days, which is saying something considering how ghastly she looks on most days.

"Lisa." Twelve wipes a tear from the corner of his brown eyes, and points to a bag he Nine had bought earlier this morning. "I made Nine buy you something-"

"E-Eh?!"

"-because you're one of us now." Twelve beams, before revealing a pale yellow nail polish. Nine was confused when they entered the beauty department, and he stoically asked for nail polish, before he's whisked away by an over enthusiastic sales woman. There were thousands of brands and so much bright, neon colors that Nine had pinched the bridge of his nose to ward off the headaches.

Mishima isn't sure how to react, so she stutters a thank you and bows in Nine's general direction, avoiding to look at his face.

Is he that hideous looking now?

Twelve leads Mishima to the couch, and Nine follows suit, trying to get his hair out of the clutches of the elastics. 

"U-Um! Thank you, Kokonoe!"

He looks up, Twelve holding the brush in his hands with a true delightful smile on his face, not one of those faked smiles he wears sometimes, and Lisa is a red tomato again. She looks off to the side and clenches her fist. "It...means a lot to me."

"Your welcome." He hopes his sincerity goes through her. Lisa's cheeks color, and she slumps back on the couch. Twelve continues to color her nails. 

The strong fumes coming from the bottle reminds him of the smoke of the past. He's little and he's running for his life towards the fences and there's loud alarms blaring and he jumps and grips the cold metal. It cuts into his hand, but the smoke is strong and he can see adults running straight towards them as flames races ahead. His small lungs inhales smoke and he trembles. Someone is shaking him, yelling at him to snap out of it- someone with yellow-

"Nine!"

He looks into Mishima's fear stricken eyes. Twelve is behind her, bottle of nail polish left on the table as he murmurs about getting some water. Nine wipes the cold sweat away, hands shaking. That's embarrassing- to have an attack when Mishima is around- She looks very relieved. "I'm glad you're okay."

He doesn't know what to say to that, so he ducks his head and mumbles something non committal.

That night he makes sure he careful paints Mishima's other hand carefully as Twelve snaps a picture of him and an embarrassed Lisa.




Curry
Chapter Notes
say aye if you're scared for the team after you finished watching ep 8 cuz i am.
here's something happy because im scared for my life for all these children.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Nine is rudely awaken by Twelve blowing into his ear. It's unpleasant, but his groggy brain soon works and lurches his body up. He shoots Twelve a scowl, patting the space beside his pillow for his glasses.

"Morning!" Twelve greets. Too chirpy for Nine's liking, but Twelve's face becomes clearer as he slides his glasses on. It's still dark, and the clock on the wall says it's only 6:35 AM.


"Twelve...It's six. Go back to sleep." It's a hopeless thing for him, because now he feels wide awake. The summer mornings are cold, and he reaches for the stairs. Twelve jumps down to let him access the stairs. "Why are you up so early?" Wasn't he watching another cheap CGI horror movie with Mishima last night?

In his hindsight, something bugs Nine about today, but he doesn't quite remember what is so special, so he brushes it off and follows Twelve into the kitchen. The sun is barely peeking over the mountains, but it lets enough light into their house. Nine jabs the coffee machine to work and drinks some water in the meantime, trying to tame his bed head as Twelve hands him a list.

Watermelons. Ponzu sauce. Peaches. Udon noodles.

"I want Lisa to try the ponzu sauce in Fukuoka." Twelve explains, adding some coffee beans and happily waiting for the coffee to stream through the machine. In the other bedroom with the door half open, Nine sees a sleeping lump tangled in blankets that can only be Mishima. "Can you buy it for us?"

"....you want me to go all the way to Kyushu. You want me to ride a ferry to get you some sauce." The bizarre request is so unlike Twelve that Nine feels a tinge of suspicion bloom in his chest. "Can't you just buy some from the convenience store?"

"What's the fun in that?" Twelve quietly says, still smiling as he pours coffee into his mug. He grabs Nine's empty mug as well and pours the espresso in. Nine looks at the black surface, reflecting his confusion in his eyes and the pale shade of his skin. 

"...okay..." He reluctantly says. Twelve grins at him, before tossing him some pants and a shirt. Nine grabs his wallet and stands at the foyer.

"Don't burn the house down." He warns.

Twelve shoos him out. "I won't."

Why does he feel like Twelve is scheming against him?
 

 

"Lisa!"

Someone is shaking her, and against her will, she opens her eyes to find Hisami shaking her awake. The sun is streaming, and she rubs her eyes before swinging her feet onto the cold floor. 

"Hnn...Hisami...what is it?" A few birds flap past her window. It's a quiet morning, as usual, and she listens to something, before she frowns. Nine's usual tapping is gone. "Is Kokonoe still sleeping?"

Hisami stretches his mouth into a gleeful grin. He spreads his arms wide. "Do you remember what day it is?"

"!" She hurries to the kitchen, not tripping for once, and checking the calender pinned on the fridge, next to her sketch of Nine. "It's today?" She asks breathlessly, aware that her hair is disheveled.

Hisami tosses her an apron. "I sent him to Kyushu. It should take enough time to bake the cake and make curry."

Lisa tries to tame her hair into a short ponytail, and she jams her feet into the house slippers, joining Sphinx Number Two as he takes out a cake mix and some bowls. 

As she greases the pan, she says, "I never knew Kokonoe's birthday is in the summer." Her mind flashes back to his cold eyes, except that nowadays his eyes are less frosty and warmer. Just slightly. "...when is your's, Hisami?"

"Winter!" Twelve cheerfully says, before running out of the kitchen and opening the windows so a blast of cold air enters the warm house. The wind is a relief, and Lisa wipes her sweat with her hands. It's starting to get warm.

"Nine is lucky."

"Why?"

"...you celebrate his birthday."

"Eh? You've never celebrated your birthday before, Lisa? Not even with your parents?" Twelve's eyes are big.

She grips the pan tightly and looks at the shiny surface. "...we used to. But Dad left."

Twelve's voice is uncharacteristically quiet. "Ah..."

After that, whether it was out of Twelve being respectful or that they have actual work to do, their conversations after that are snappy and short, and Lisa doesn't like it at all. The awkwardness between them are tangible, but they work that way well into the day, Nine texting them about what things he has bought. It wasn't until they finished the curry and rice when Twelve mutters, "Oh no..."

"What's wrong?"

"...the train back here is held up because there's an accident. He might not come home until 12."

 

 

The night is colder than usual when Nine stumbles to his street, shoulders aching from carrying a watermelon and the rests of Twelve's silly, stupid, request that cost him hours where he can used the time wisely to do a check on their firewall. He's thirsty, cranky and hungry. It doesn't help that all he had since morning was a cup of coffee. He almost broke the watermelon in half, but he's gone through much worse before when they were escaping from the institute, and he tells himself that he'll be home, and Twelve will have some water and food and he can sleep in tomorrow morning and Twelve won't wake him up and make him do. This. Ever. Again.

His legs are cramped from sitting in the seats too long, and he envies Twelve's normal legs as he sourly unlocks the door. 

It's pitch black, and he sighs. 

"Happy Birthday!"

Twelve's face is softly lit by the melting wax candles. He must have been hiding behind the corner to surprise him. Nine steps back, mind slowly whirring to realize the connection to why Twelve was being so uncharacteristically whiny for watermelons and the way he made him go all the way to Kyushu for ponzu sauce. A soft hand touches his, and he's aware that Mishima is taking the heavy load off his shoulder as Twelve grins, carrying the cake to the breakfast bar.

His feet is moving by itself, and Mishima uncovers a dish.

And then, he suddenly realizes how hungry he is.

Twelve laughs quietly. "Go eat first, I'll put the watermelon by the stove." They didn't bother to turn on the lights, but Twelve blows the candles out so the wax doesn't touch the white frosting. They leave him alone so he can replenish his strength, and Nine doesn't remember the last time he had curry this good. He pauses between bites though, as to not overwhelm his stomach. Mishima comes by with a big mug of water, and fades away into the darkness.

The moon is softly beaming down on him, and he has a strange pressure on his chest. The children in the institute never have 'birthdays'. They're always under constant surveillance, whether that being in the form of the beady cameras that follow their movements or the adults with a clipboard speaking in low tones. It wasn't until he escaped that he was aware of something called birthdays.

Twelve had chosen the day for him. Hoping that the celebration in the summer would cheer him up because he believed that the sun would warm his heart.

And that so this day would distract him from the day he relives in his nightmares and flashbacks.

The empty plate is quickly swapped and Mishima is carefully lighting the cake again, biting her lips in concentration. Nine sees the tired droop of her shoulders as the flames flicker in front of him.

Twelve doesn't sing the happy birthday song to him, but Nine nods his thanks to him. Mishima is fidgeting. He doesn't know where it comes from but he stands his chair and embraces the girl for a brief moment, and moves away when she stiffens. Her mouth opens but she looks away, before bending her spine in a bow.

Someone tell me how I got here From the city to this frontier

Twelve scrapes off the icing, because Nine doesn't like sweet things and he sits back, stomach full and slowly taking in the wonder of what a birthday means. Twelve smears a dollop of cream on Mishima's nose, and the girl freezes, before retaliating by grabbing a tissue from her pocket. In his hindsight, he realizes that this is the first time they actually celebrated it, no less with Mishima Lisa. They were always too busy devising plans and tearing down the firewalls and hiding from the authorities to celebrate any kind of anniversaries. 

All the noises to make Harmony

Nine gets served first, but the plate is taken away from him and he looks up and sees Twelve run up the spiral staircase to the rooftop. Mishima follows, nearly tripping and bashing her head on the steps, but she saves herself in time and looks back to make sure that Nine is following.

The moonlight is stronger on the top of the roof.

I've been stranded on an island Where I roam without direction Is that the wind lifting me up

Blankets are placed on the cement, and Twelve hands his him piece, before plopping down and patting the space beside him. Mishima sits like a lady, knees tucked in although Nine is sure that her skin will have indents of the uneven surface by the time they go back down. Twelve balances his plate on his stomach and lies down, taking up the most space as he chatters to Mishima about the stars and the different constellations.
Spirits fly at the speed of light At the speed of light Travelling like a dream one night
The cake is sweet. But Nine swallows it without any complaints. And it's peaceful out here. The roads are quiet, the sky twinkling merrily above him. 

This hole in my heart's proof of life Life goes on The people sing their song

If only everyday can be like this.




Chapter End Notes
I made up Nine's birthday fyi
if you want to share some of your headcanons for these children with me i'll be more than happy to listen to them.


Checkmate
Chapter Notes
Warning: i don't play chess



Lisa Mishima is hopeless in chess.

He wasn't sure when it started, but perhaps the fact that she was the only one who has nothing to do during the day time meant that Twelve was always trying to get to try new things. And so they happen to stumble of an old artifact in his bedroom he shares with Twelve.



He wasn't trying to help her win- honest, but she's just so 
pitiful 
and 
bad 
at chess that Nine feels the need to hiss out some hints at her.



So far, Twelve hasn't noticed anything. His eyes are locked on the little figures on the checkered board, hand above the advance pawn. Despite how he portrays himself, Twelve could be the strategic one between them.



Nine can already see the outcome, and it would be Twelve 9 - Mishima 0.



Twelve moves his knight forward.



Mishima is frantically looking at the chess book she had somehow gotten a hold of, and is flipping through the pages rapidly. Nine checks the clock on the wall. The duo has been going at it for nearly three hours so far, and he can tell that Mishima is turning more confused by each second and that Twelve is using that information to his advantage.



"Drinks?" He says, standing up to go to the kitchen.



"Juice, please!"



"W-Water..."



He takes the mug dubbed as Mishima's and writes in pencil lightly. Queen to E6. Bishop to Knight at A4. Move Queen and check King.



He pointedly puts the mug with the writing right in front of Mishima and hands the juice to Twelve before sinking back into the couch and feeling satisfied at the sun streaming in. His glasses droops down his nose, and he pushes the middle as Mishima moves her Queen to E6.



"...bold move there, Lisa." Twelve gives her a disarming smile, but the girl is still trembling. "Nine giving you hints?"



"I'd rather you say it to my face." He says, lowering down his book. 



Twelve just hums. Nine has played against him so many times they probably could play a whole round of chess mentally before making their first move. It was practice, too, because their run in with Five proved to them that chess, while it was a silly game at the institute, is valuable and handy. His experience pays off though- Twelve moves his Knight to A4.



Mishima kills the Knight with her bishop.



The King standing in front of Twelve's Queen suddenly jumps forward, and Mishima slowly, hesitantly moves her Queen.



Checkmate.



He hasn't realized he said that out loud until Twelve jumps him, pouting and his elbows flying near his face. Twelve smothers him into the couch. "No fair, Nine!"



"It 
is 
fair. You played that game your whole life- 
ack!
 Get your ass off me!"





Helium
Chapter Notes
i dont know guys i just think nine has to do some nerdy thing to make Lisa not afraid of him.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Lisa nervously pokes her head out of her bedroom door.She just woke up recently, hence why her hair is sticking up, but that was fixed with a hasty brush of her comb as she slides off the coach/bed. Hisami had said something about Nine making him run errands for the whole day today, and told Lisa to keep an eye on Nine since he usually goes into workaholic mode and won't be aware that he needs to eat and drink and all that.


No surprise, Nine is already tapping away on his laptop in his corner. From where she stands, Lisa can see the back of his hair sticking up, which meant that he rose without bothering to comb his hair. It's artfully mussed up, and she would like to draw him, except he senses her presence and turns his head, glasses flashing in the morning sun.



His voice is a little held back, but it's quiet. Always quiet. The type of quiet where people can mistake it for aloofness and ignorance, but it's considerably warmer than what she has heard when she first met him. "Good morning."



"Ah...good morning!" 



Kokonoe scratches the nape of his neck and points to the breakfast bar behind her. "...I made French toast...you can eat it if you want, I didn't know what you like."



That's right, Hisami is always the one who makes breakfast and the numerous cups of coffee to run the machine that is Kokonoe Arata. She turns and sees a plate with fluffy, golden toasts with a squirt bottle full of maple syrup. 



Nine can be a cold person, intimidating and outright harsh if he wants, but she feels her neck heat up. "Th-thank you!"



Kokonoe nods, before promptly returning his attention to the laptop.


 



Thankfully, it's not one of those days where Lisa spends her days on the couch staring at the wall. Twelve has improved a list of chores for her, and when Nine passed her to go relieve himself, he snorts and mutters something about ponzu sauce and watermelons. 



Lisa reads over the list, tucking the paper in her pocket as she goes to the boys' room to strip the sheets and pillowcases. As she expected, Nine's bunk is spotless while Twelve's has a few stray candy wrappers strewn randomly. There's a corner she's forbidden to touch, so she steers herself away. Last time she asked Nine what it held, he shot her a sweet smile before saying, "It's a secret~"



She sorts the laundry and separates the piles. Sheets can go in first and the shirts and bottoms can go after. While the machine runs, she pokes her head into the fridge and takes out the leftovers from last night's dinner. Nine shows no signs of being distracted as the microwave hums and instead continues to tap the keys furiously. She approaches him and leaves the plate and a new cup of water by his left side.



She watches.



Without breaking his concentration on whatever code he's typing up, Nine's left hand reaches for the fork and he one handedly stabs a stray chicken nugget and bring the utensil into his mouth.



Lisa continues with her chores with a smile on her face.

 


 

"I'll help."



She stares at Kokonoe's pale face. His dark blue glasses slips a little, and he pushes it back where it perches on his nose. He had followed her up to the roof and offered to help. "...aren't you doing something important on the laptop?"



He stiffly shrugs. "I'm downloading something, so I need to wait regardless." He bends down and Lisa envies his long arms that can easily stretch the long bed sheets. She joins him and clips the fabric to the clothesline. It's nice of him to do that. They quickly work their way and she brings out the shirts and bottoms. The wind doesn't help Nine's bed head, but she keeps that thought to herself as he helps her bring to laundry basket down the spiral staircase. It seems that the thing Nine has been downloading finished, and he immediately gravitates to the laptop.



Throughout the day, she occasionally replenishes his empty mug and pushes a plate of strawberries to him so he doesn't faint from hunger, which, Hisami has told her, has happen before. She spies a book on the coffee table and reads the cover.



"Mishima."



She jolts up. "Y-Yes?"



Nine looks like he's troubled. Half his face is trying to smooth out his features, and he ends up looking like he swallowed something sour. Lisa's mind immediately jumps to the fact that maybe there was something she put in the water- 
oh god she didn't poison him, did she
- "What did the chemist say when he found two isotopes of helium?"



Despite for not attending school for a few weeks, her mind whirls to the periodic table. Helium is a gas. "What did he say?"



"HeHe."



Lisa stares incredulously at Nine, who stares back with a deer-caught-in-the-headlight look. A little choke comes out of her, and she laughs.



Kokonoe looks relieved, and Twelve chooses this time to slam open the front door carrying a box as big as a crate, covered in stickers that says FRAGILE. Lisa's laughter dies in her throat and Nine molds his face into a mask and jumps up to help his friend with the package. "How much was the delivery?"



Twelve shakes out his hair from the beanie. "Twelve thousand yen. Why can't we just have the mailman deliver it to us Nine?" He whines, taking off his shoes as Nine carries the box into their room. Lisa stands up, not sure what to do other than fiddle with her hands. "Lisa! Yoohoo!"



"Welcome back."



Twelve makes a beeline to the couch, "It's good to be here. It's so hot outside..." When Nine comes back out of the room, Twelve chortles. "Nine. Your jokes are 
so 
bad."



"Excuse me?" Kokonoe is actually offended, but it's futile with his bed head still sticking straight up. "Mishima laughed."



Hisami turns to Lisa, face as serious as she has ever seen it. "Lisa. His jokes are the worst."



"It's not!"



"Is too!"



"I'm not cooking your anything tonight."



"Wha-! I take that back!" Nine walks straight to his laptop. "Nine, come back!!"





Chapter End Notes
i have the best jokes.


Good Night Kiss
Chapter Notes
This one is for updatedautopsy from tumblr, the loser who got me to start this whole series. (Y)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Nine really needs to tell them to stop marathoning movies so late into the night that most people considerHe carefully extends the fold out bed from the couch and adjusts Twelve so he doesn't crush Mishima. Unlike those two, Nine doesn't require much sleep, but he does feel the drowsy pull and his bed does look pretty nice and does have an appeal to it rather than just being a furniture he ignores when his jaws decides that it's time to get some shut eye.He doesn't know where it comes from, but he presses his lips to Mishima's forehead.And then he jumps across the room and touches his lips. What the hell. What the hell. What the hell was that Nine!-"Give me one too!"
"Twelve!"

Twelve, faking sleepiness, pouts as Nine picks up the blanket that has fallen onto the ground. He drapes the afghan around Mishima and feels the prickle of fatigue in the corners of his head. "Go to sleep, Twelve." With that, he shuts the TV off and the room darkens considerably, which is good, because from the heat expelling from his face, he's sure that he's as red as a tomato.

He deeply hopes that this doesn't get mentioned during breakfast tomorrow.

"I want a good night kiss, too!"

"Shut up and sleep."




Chapter End Notes
the next one will be longer, i promise


Handkerchief
Chapter Notes
this one is slightly rushed, but my friend is coming over to watch ZnT! time to assimilate more people into this fandom

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Wh-where are we going?"
Nine scoffs, opting to keep on walking towards Komazawa Olympic Park. He shivers in his light sweater and wounds the grey scarf tighter around his neck. A blast of cold wind sends a newspaper straight to his face, and he irritably bats it off as Twelve chatters non stop, holding a cup of warm coffee in his hands. 

"I think it'd be a good idea for you to learn parkour!"

Mishima is pale again. Does the poor girl even know what parkour is? "Pa-parkour?!"

"Yeah! You can jump over things like WHOOSH and climb buildings like a spider!"

He honestly doesn't know why he's leading them to the park, but Twelve had said something about him being an absolute workaholic, and Nine's pride took a blow. He can have fun. Disarming codes are fun. Hacking through firewalls are fun. Numbers are fun. Chess is fun. What's so fun about going to a park when he already has the coordination of a natural born athlete?

They reach the park, and Mishima looks a little conspicuous considering there aren't any girls her build or height. A few older men leers at them as they pass. Her face is white, and Nine braces himself to catch her if she faints right there and then, which he wouldn't have a problem with since they could all go back home where it's nice and warm. 

Twelve sets down his coffee on one of the unoccupied stone tables. "Here, you can start swinging on the bar." He launches himself on a parallel bar about five feet off the ground and twists himself so he lands with his front facing them. If Nine were to describe Twelve parkouring, he would be a monkey.

Mishima, unfortunately, is not a monkey.

She slips on her first try and he winces inwardly as Twelve helps her to brush off the wood chips. Nine can see her eyes water- after all she landed heavily on her tailbone- but she discreetly wipes her eyes and turns to the parallel bars again with determination in her small frame.

Nine breathes in as Lisa jumps.

And closes his eyes when she falls again.

Twelve is already taking his backpack off and opening a first aid kit. Nine ignores the red stain on her knee and waves his fingers in front of her face, "Look. You're not using your core to heave yourself up." The bar is cold and he can feel his palms burning as he tightens his grip and flexes his core to prove his point. He lands with a soft thump and Lisa is staring at him like an awestruck person meeting their celebrity. As Twelve patches her knee, he demonstrates again, landing squarely before shoving his hands into his pockets because Jesus it's cold.

Mishima is slowly getting better, although sometimes she would need to sit on her palms, because her hands are starting to turn white. Twelve, on the other hand, continues to jump all over the park like a monkey, swinging from bars and leaping over curved benches with an ease everyone is jealous of.


He looks so cheerful.


Nine hasn't seen Twelve so cheerful and vibrant often. He makes a mental note to come back here often even though it's cold and windy. Twelve deserves to be happy- as happy as he wants.

"Kokonoe?"

He snaps his head to his right. Lisa jerks back a little, but she stands her ground, eyes shining. "Um!"

"Yes...?"

"Th-Thank you!" Her hair flops out of her hood as she bows. A few people turn to look at them, and Nine grabs her shoulders and stands her up. "For...for taking us here."

He must have zoned out, he decides. "It's no problem...Twelve should be calmer when he gets back home." Like a dog after a walk. Nine really should go out more often. It's nice, having the breeze play his hair. "Where is Twelve?"

"He's buying us coffee." Mishima gathers her backpack and he can see her limp slightly. There's a few fair bruises blooming on her hands and a scratch on her nose. But Mishima is smiling and sporting a pink blush around her cheeks.

And then her nose starts to gush out blood.

"!"

"AH!" Tissues! Nine is digging into his pocket and pressing the tissues to her nose. He ignores her damp, sweaty hair and focuses on stopping the bleeding. He should have stopped them when Lisa face planted the ground. She's staring at him with wide eyes, probably wondering why he's so worried.

"Yoohoo! Lisa!- LISA! Nine what did you do to her?!"

He turns to Twelve, juggling three cups of coffee and three brown backs. His friend sets the food down, "Lisa. Did he punch you?"

"Hey!"

Lisa is shaking her head, which makes her nose bleeds heavier, and Nine swaps the tissues for a handkerchief. "Hold that to your nose."

"Buh-"

"No buts."

"Ith'll geh dirty."

Twelve shakes his head, fingers carefully tilting Lisa's jaws up so he can see her nose. "No, no, Lisa. You can rinse the handkerchief when we get home." They wait, and Nine burns his tongue and throat swallowing the coffee as Twelve checks on Lisa's nose. "Nine. Let's go."

He follows the shorter duo out of the park.

 

"Um."

"Just keep it."

"But!"

"You don't have one right?"

"But!"
"I'll knit you one, Lisa!"
"Th-That's not necessary!"

"Good. Just keep the damn handkerchief then."




Chapter End Notes
nine strikes me as the type of guy who would discreetly have a handkerchief just because


Fireworks I
Chapter Notes
the next few chapters are going to go into Nine's background (sort of. we haven't had much information other than the institute so im going by this on the whim)
excellent news: i have assimilated two of my friends into watching this anime.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"You're...getting a job?"Mishima trembles beneath the weight of Nine's judgmental look. "I-I'll keep quiet about Sphinx!"

He waves that concern away. "No, I'm not talking about that. Why do you want a job?" They're sitting (well, Lisa is standing) on the couch as Twelve does a night run to the convenience store for more fish sauce. Nine doesn't understand. The girl is so clumsy she'll probably be laid off before she gets a decent paycheck- not that Nine is trying to jinx her.

"...because Hisami said we need money-"

"You help out with our chores. You don't need to get a job." It's sort of embarrassing to be relying on Mishima for their income because he'll feel bad. Nine scratches the back of his neck and looks off to the side. "I'm not stopping you if you are though...but keep your mouth quiet about us. Don't draw attention to yourself." A sudden realization suddenly struck him. Was that why Twelve is out all day so far? How come he hadn't told him anything about getting a job?

Mishima nods, muttering her thanks as Twelve bounces in and presses the fish sauce to Nine, who begins to prepare dinner.


 

"A job."

"We need the money, Nine." Twelve is lounging on the couch as Nine leans back on his computer chair. "You should get a job!"

Nine is the embodiment of a stern parent, crossing his arms as his glasses flashes in the low lighting. "I did. At Aomori if you don't remember." It seemed a long time ago they were making their escape on the snowmobile in the snowy rural facility.

Twelve nods. "Right. Did Lisa tell you about-"

"What is that all about?" Twelve avoids his glare. "She's not exactly in the best shape- she's still healing from the fall at the park."

"Nine, look at it this way. You'll have both a sugar daddy and momma to satisfy your shopping desires!" Twelve bluntly ignores the sour eye directed to him by the former. "Anyways, we'll be working at the same place, so you don't need to worry about her babbling off to random strangers."

"Where?"

"The pool."
 



 

Mishima Lisa feels a swell of pride and accomplishment and cannot stop the smile that's threatening to break her face.

In her hands, behold, in all it's paper-y glory, is her first paycheck.

Twelve pockets his, tugging his beanie as he leads her to the bank to cash it in. She has to apologize to a few people as they wade upstream against the throng of people rushing to go home. Tokyo is a jungle during its peak hours. "Is it your first one?" He yells above the car honking.

She nods enthusiastically, still smiling non stop. This is the first time in a while she feels very happy. After two weeks of filing papers (she rather not be a swim instructor) while Twelve teaches toddlers how to float in the kiddie pool, her hard work results in cash. Actual cash. She doesn't need to rely so much on Nine's and Twelve's accounts if she runs out of toothpaste or needs some feminine products. She can be an independent woman!

As Twelve cashes in their checks, Lisa's eyes strays to the many posters stuck on various posts on the street. It's a bit far, so she takes a couple of steps, apologizing to people who she has to cut, before reaching the bright poster advertising the autumn festival tomorrow.

Twelve's voice is close, close as in right by her ear. "What's this...?"

 



 

"No."

Twelve outright pouts as he hands Nine the cash. The black haired man quickly counts the bill before jotting down on a small planner. Nine is very orderly, Lisa notices, as Twelve continues to beg. "It's a festival! There's food! And games!"

"We can make food. And we can play chess." Nine coolly says continues to jot some numbers down, stabbing a calculator and inserting some numbers. Beside the calculator is another grocery list. "What's so special about a festival?"

Twelve shoots Nine an irritated scowl, still jutting his lips out. "One night won't be that bad..."

Nine's words turns heavy and serious. "...Do you want me to relive that day?"

Lisa feels like she's suddenly intruding on a private conversation. The air is thick, and the tension is tangible to her, it's unrelenting and the back of her neck tells her to leave the conversation. Twelve continues to stare at Nine, who seems to be having a telepathic conversation. Nine's eyes, dark and distant, meets hers, and he ducks his head, pushing the calculator away.

"Fine."

 



 

Mishima nervously fidgets as Twelve ties the obi. "Are you sure...?"

Twelve finishes tying the bow and grins, tipping his yellow cap. "It's fine. It's only on rent for tonight anyway. If you get it dirty Nine knows a secret technique on how to clean it." He leans in as if he can smell her uneasiness. "Nine's job before Aomori was at a yukata rental shop. He came home everyday smelling of perfumes."

Nine silently appears behind them, with his usual assortment of monochrome clothing and watch strapped on his left wrist. He bends down to tie his shoes and huffs. "Let's get this over with."

Nine leads them to the festival, where his head starts to pound in the oncoming signs of a headache. He pats his pockets and hears a soft rattle of Advil. Good. At least he can suffer in peace. Twelve is bounding away and he quickly follows, the crowd giving him a wide berth because of how annoyed he looks. If he were to listen more carefully to the group of girls to his left, they seem to be chattering about attaining his phone number.

He walks faster.

Mishima is hurrying after Twelve as he hops from stall to stall. He finds himself that he's very skillful in catching goldfishes, and bags three goldfishes- a black one, light brown one and a pale yellow one.

Nine has to remind Twelve many times to exercise his money with caution and that he doesn't need to get every single damn thing on the list just because they're a couple of yens richer with Mishima's added wage. Twelve shoves in his hands one of those toy rifles for him to aim at, taking turn to hold the fishes. He reluctantly peers into the barrel, his finger curling around the trigger.

He always felt uncomfortable around festivals. It's too much noise and lights and laughter and just overall noise. There's rattling from pinwheels on booths and splashes from the fishing station and feet running on pavement and the wooden clank the geto makes. And then there's the smell of firecrackers and fireworks and explosions and the sharp tang of gun powder.

His ear rings, and he misses the bulls eye by a good inch.

He drowns out the hideous ringing and points at a random stuffed animal and hands the soft Kukurin to Lisa. His head is pounding like a jackhammer, and he must have looked very pale, because Twelve whisks him to a park bench and orders him to sit while he runs to buy a bottle of water, feet pounding the pavement.

Nine balls his fists and drops his head to his knees, his breathing labored. The pounding is excruciating- it's too late to take Advil, because usually he takes it 30 minutes in advance. He draws ragged breath as Lisa's small hand rubs between the creases of his shoulders. She's saying something, but all he can hear is the ringing. He's starting to tremble, images flashing behind his eyelids.

"-can't wait to see the fireworks, Ma!" A kid laughed nearby, clacking away on his geto as his mother leads him away.


Fireworks.


When the first bang erupts, Nine's body instinctively curls into a ball, and he hears Lisa's panicked yell before the memories makes themselves known as the world darkens.




Chapter End Notes
im sorry. i just realized theres a lot of line breaks.


Fireworks II



Five. Pale, small, weak, a child with dark eyes. The white, large shirt everyone wears is very loose on her. She moves her queen forward, and he glances down, the marbled check board turning into Haneda's International Airport. And then he's running past Shibazaki, cap lowered- and then he's running towards the fence. He runs past the electrical lines that have been broken for years. Steel and sharp objects pierces into his feet but he's running, always running. pounding his small feet into the hard, cracked earth. The fence.  High, tall, looming ahead of him as he jumps and clings onto the steel frame like it's his life line.


Twelve, beside him, scared, wide eyed as he quickly uses his weak muscles to climb so his short arms can curl around the steel. Nine vividly hears the alarm ring, loud and ear splitting and then the fwoosh of flames before the scent of smoke makes itself known. Ash, thick and bitter, entering his lungs.



Red is curling towards him, and he glances down, down, down until he sees a wisp of white hair that belongs to Five and her dark eyes before orange and yellow heat obstructs his vision and he's reaching upwards- hands turning red and welts appearing as the fire licks upwards, reaching for his ankles.



He remembers falling onto the other side safely, covered in soot and couching. He dares a quick glance back, white shirt dirty and welts appearing on his scar-less skin. Twelve is tugging at his wrists to run, Nine, run! before the adults and officers get them. Nine obeys, the bottom of his feet exploding with white hot pain so intense he's sure that he'll pass out. But he clings to his consciousness and refuses to black out. Refuses to slow into a walk when he's sure they're five hundred meters away from the institute. Refuses to wipe the moisture away from his eyes.



Refuses to rest even though Twelve's tear stained face tells him he's hungry and his feet are bleeding and his burns hurts-



Another 100 meter, he tells the shorter boy, the boy who clung to his hand and who sniffled back a sob when they're forced to run through the brambles as their spines cuts through their shirts. Run through the bushes and hide. Hide themselves. Slather themselves with mud so the adults don't find them. Take care of each other. That's right, keep on coughing, the ash is slowing you down. Here, eat something and rest. Twelve, sleeping beside him, clutching his hand. Nine, reaching for an apple-



-reaches for Twelve's neck, as the boy writhes on the ground, mud streaked on his face.



Nine jumps back in alarm, sweaty and looking at his hands in horror.



He 
chocked 
Twelve.



Nine, Twelve pleads, I'm fine. I'm fine. See? I'm smiling. Look, I'm not hurt- I'm fine.



Nine wants to tell him he's not fine, but he can't let the younger boy cry. They need to keep on moving, moving south towards the city. He looks up, at the bright hot sun as Twelve sniffles. Look, Twelve, the sun.



Little Twelve doesn't understand.



Nine tells him that if they make sure that the sun in on their left during the morning, they'll soon reach civilization. And he'll give him candy. Do you like Starbursts, Twelve? What about peaches? And watermelons? He keeps on talking even though his throat is parched. They find a stream a few days after their escape and Nine never feels so clean. His soothes the burns on his feet in the cold water and tells Twelve to do the same. He continues to talk to the younger one, refusing to think about Five, who he abandoned, who he had yelled at to run faster-



They're older and Nine cradles his head in his palms, shaking as Twelve rubs his back reassuringly. The tremble doesn't seem to want to leave Nine, and Twelve can only continue to rub as the older one mutters nonsensical things-



-Kokonoe!



Nine is running again, this time he's in the streets of Tokyo, running from someone with white hair. Running. Always running away. Twelve materializes behind him and Nine grabs his hand and sprints- 
 



-Kokonoe!



Five is coming closer, and Nine suddenly feels small again, his gait is shorter, legs thinner and weaker- his head is bursting, and Nine wants to shake it off- can't they see he's busy running away? And faster, run faster, run away from her- He looks back and Five's snarl morphs into Mishima's face-



-ARATA!


He avoids the yellow blob that is Mishima and hurls on her other side, towards the bushes. His eyes are stinging, his chest is contracting as he heaves his dinner out. Bile burns his throat as his glasses fogs. He coughs, and hears Twelve's footsteps run towards him. There's not one, but two hands rubbing his back as he completely empties his stomach. Nine retches everything as his stomach spasms after there's nothing left to throw up but acid, his ears still ringing.

He's still shaking, hands trembling as the opening to the plastic bottle misses his mouth. He ignores the water split on his shirt and forces a couple mouthfuls down, along with two Advils. The ground is suddenly more interesting than Lisa's face. His bangs block out anything higher than Twelve's ankle length jeans and he intends to keep it that way. There's only a couple of stray flowers who saw his embarrassing...thing. He hears one woman ask Lisa if he needs anything and her soft reply as she reassures the woman.

"You okay?" Twelve bends down to pat Nine's hands. Twelve's hands are searing hot against his cold ones. "Lisa says you started to shake." He moves his shoulders into a shrug. Twelve understands that his body is weak after the episode, and presses something into Nine's hand.

Starbursts.

Swallowing, Nine pops the candy into his mouth shakily and avoids meeting Mishima's eyes as the taste of strawberries fills his mouth. The fireworks still goes on above their heads, throwing everything into view with reds, greens and yellows. Nine's stomach is tight, muscles still quivering. His hands betray his image as they shake harder. At least he didn't choke anyone this time. His more rational side reminds him that the chocking only happened once, but the heavy feeling in his gut refuses to disappear even after his stomach stopped doing cartwheels. His vision stops blurring and he hesitantly looks up, stomach flip- flopping.

Lisa is pale, no surprise there, but she moves forward and takes out a grey handkerchief- the one he gave to her- and bravely pats the sweat away from his forehead. 

He looks away, noticing that the goldfishes are swimming without a care in their plastic bag. His voice is weaker than what he wanted, but his body might as well have been pumped with lead. His head is heavy, and he feels desolate of emotions. "...can we go home?"

"Of course."

By the time they reach the house, the fireworks finishes, and Twelve drags Nine to the couch, ignoring his shoes that are streaking across the polished floors. That can be dealt with later, after Nine gets some soup into him. The Kukurin is dropped somewhere in the journey of moving Nine from the door to the couch and Lisa picks it up, along with the goldfishes. As Twelve unties Nine's shoes, and she finds an impromptu bowl and carefully empties the fish in. 

Nine is muttering deranged things, and Twelve nods along as he switches the sweat soaked shirt with a new one, eyes averting themselves from his scarred back. His mouth is still bitter, and Mishima comes by with a bowl of mushroom soup and presses the warm bowl into his clammy hands. His hands are shaking too badly to hold anything, but she ignores that and feeds him as Twelve cleans up the muddy tracks.

They all sit together on the couch as Twelve turns on the TV to a late night talk show. The figures on the screen blurs and Nine fights to keep the soup down. Breath, he tells himself. Don't lose face anymore...

Twelve removes his glasses as the older one finally knocks himself out. Lisa is still staring at the half finished soup, wondering if she should say anything...

Sphinx Number Two answers that question for her and turns off the lights, before covering all three of them with a blanket.




Cat Nap
Chapter Notes
uwu i love these children very much



Twelve is a light sleeper.
The afghan is stifling, and he easily squirms under the blanket to place his hand on Nine's forehead. It's hot. Fever. Nine sleeps heavily, which makes sense because he doesn't stop for a break unless his laptop needs to download some program(s). He tip toes around the couch and opens the medicine cabinet to look for a medication, ears listening to any sounds other than the occasional cars driving down the street and stray dog barking.

Sphinx Number Two finds the bottle without a problem in the dark and rattles it softly, sighing through his nose when the bottle doesn't make any noise.

Most of the pills in here are for Nine. Pills for fevers, headaches (a lot for headaches. Nine has nine bottles in case something happens in the future and all headache relievers are suddenly off the market), a few rolls of bandages, which Nine had sourly purchased the day after Mishima Lisa graced her presence to them and a box of band aids and rubbing alcohol. Which is understandable, Twelve reflects, because Lisa gets hurt often and carries around with her one of Nine's handkerchief.

He's been on laundry duty a couple of times, he doesn't miss that she's often needing to bleach the fabric, the clear water turning brown from the many scrapes she gets from tripping everywhere.

There's a rustle, and Twelve stands up to see Lisa move towards him.

He speaks softly, twirling the empty bottle in his hands. Twelve doubts Lisa can see the pink flush on Nine's cheeks in the dark room. "He has a fever." Lisa's face is still pale, and she looks distressed. "Something wrong?"

"...Kokonoe..."

Twelve drops his mask. He clings onto that go-happy-go-lucky persona so Nine wouldn't worry. A memory resurfaces of Nine, a very young Nine who was writhing before he had his hands around Twelve. Young Twelve had snapped him out, but after that Nine is always wary, always so careful to not hurt him. And what better thing to do than to reassure someone than smile?

"He still dreams about the past." Twelve vividly knows what Nine sees in his nightmares because he had told him a few years back. Five. Institute. Running through the forest. Running away from Five. Always running away. "...he'll be back to normal." 

Lisa steps closer. "I...my mom...is the same."

"Hm?"

"She's...not right." She doesn't say any further on the topic, and Twelve thinks because she's trying to be considerate is why she only says so little, but he nods. It seems that every children from the institute developed some kind of illness, mental or not. He's seen Nine's composure break when he suddenly switches from all smiles to being the very opposite. He then remembers that Lisa has seen the ugly side of him too.

From the couches, Nine mumbles something about firewalls, and Twelve sees that his voice is tinged in black.

"Are you scared?" Are you scared of Nine? You were with him after all when he started to shake. Twelve remembers Nine's body curling in as he empties his stomach. "That'll only continue to happen in the future." Lisa is staring at him, her eyes wide and clear. She processes his words and shakes her head sideways. No.

"He's distant because he once hurt me." The living room and medicine cabinet in front of him is no more as he remembers how his feet burned from running all day long. "We escaped out of the institute. That was the first night it happened. Nine...he was writhing on the ground, and we were smaller back then, and our clohes were dirty with sweat and blood. We couldn't breath properly and I was about to turn him over so he could breathe easier and his hands flew up my neck. Reflex action. Quick reflexes and quick thinking, eliminating the danger."

Lisa doesn't say anything.

"After that he turned very wary of me. He doesn't trust himself, see, and he sleeps in the top bunk because if he tries to move he'll just fall on the floor and wake up." He finally brings himself back from the past and sees Lisa's dark face.

"I'm...not afraid."

And then he remembers how she's not one of them. Not one of the children although she could seamlessly blend into them, she's very pale, small, and weak. But behind her timidness is strength Twelve sees. He chuckles quietly, remembering how Nine's voice turns purple at the edges as he hugs her. "Of course. You're brave, Lisa. Thank you." She's so tiny and breakable that he feels slightly envious of her. She had a childhood whereas they didn't. Their eyes have darkness most haven't experience. They're murderers, and here, is Lisa, eyes still untainted and innocent.

Even in the dark, he can see her face turn slightly pink as she mumbles, "I...get nightmares too. I know how Kokonoe feels."

He nods, and they stand, watching Nine sleep as his voice changes from grey to black and so forth as he continues to mumble about firewalls. "Lisa."

"Y-Yes?"

"I'm not forcing you to do this, but...can you...talk? Talk to him I mean." Twelve's concern for Nine runs deep into his veins. They're brothers after all, they rely on each other for support. There's always been a missing piece in his heart where Nine is concerned. Nine's personality makes it hard for him to say things that involves feelings- the result of having a one tracked mind. "I don't know if it'll be enough..."

"It'll be enough."

Twelve associates the pale yellow with bravery- not red or orange or sunshine yellow. Pale yellow, almost grey, but it has enough color in it that it will fill a room with calm and vitality. Vitality that Nine desperately needs. His eyes averts themselves to the fish tank by the coffee table. The yellow fish is swimming lazily around the black one- like yin and yang. 

Twelve smiles as he carries a sleeping Lisa to the couch, tucking her in as Nine shifts. Just as the sun starts to rise, he decides that he should get some medicine for Nine before he wakes up and becomes uncomfortable. He moves silently through the house, writing a quick note and leaving it in front of Nine. 

He runs to the convenience store, looking at the dazzling colors as dawn breaks into morning.




Warmth
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Nine hates being sick.
He wakes up with his throat dry, his bones aching and his head throbbing along with a very nasty case of sniffles. The weak ray of sunshine streaming in seems like it's trying to blind him. He cracks one eye open and sees that his surrounding are blurry, and sees a blob hurrying towards him. It's very unbecoming of him to feel this ill, and Mishima sympathetically smiles at him as she moves him so he lies parallel on the couch, with a basin of ice water and a rag to sooth the fire igniting his body into kindling.

He pathetically coughs as Lisa adjusts the blanket around his middle and goes to wiping his forehead. Every motion, even breathing, makes him more tired. The cold cloth is a relief, and he sinks deeper into the cushions before something hits him.

Nine has a clear recollection of what happened last night.

"Don't you need to work?" He cringes as his voice breaks. The usual bubble of the coffee machine is gone, signaling that someone is missing from the house. "Where's Twelve?" 

"We don't work on weekends. He left to get you some medicine." The world is too bright, and he throws an arm to his head in a futile attempt to ward off the hideous thing that is giving him headaches. Mishima speaks quietly as if she knows his head is amplifying sounds to be ten times louder than they actually are. "Do you want soup? Mushroom?"

"...sure." It'll stop his stomach from voicing its need. He lifts his arm to find a blurry Mishima stirring a big bowl. He turns green. That much soup couldn't possibly be healthy...

He can only eat half of it before he feels nauseous as his head spins. Mishima places a bucket into his lap and turns away. He reddens and mutters something along the lines of being okay for now. The girl nods, before placing his uneaten bowl back on the table.

"Kokonoe.."

He feels a twinge of fear, something he doesn't experience very often, so the emotion is completely raw to him. Nine deeply hopes that she won't ask about last night. "Hm?"

"...it's okay."

Ah, so Twelve told her. How much did he tell is what Nine is curious about, but Mishima continues to talk in her soft voice and Nine is too tired to get angry at Twelve, who isn't even here right now. His anger comes out of nowhere and he didn't want- need her to know that he has flashbacks. He didn't need another one worrying at him. He can take care after himself. "I get them too."

His defense mechanism sets in. "I don't need your pity." His words would made Mishima cringe a month ago, but she's somewhat used to his cold antics and his nasally tone doesn't help the least. "I want you to forget what Twelve told you."

"He's worried..."

"I'm aware of that." He spits, before the cough rattles his lungs. His body ache but he sits up and brings his sleeve to his mouth. "I know he's worried. I'm trying to not worry him." Nine, may he be shortsighted, is not blind. He knows Twelve too well for the younger boy to mask his emotions completely. But Mishima uncharacteristically becomes angry, her shoulders stiffening as her eyebrows pull in. 

"You hiding this from him and not responding to his question makes him more worried!"

Mishima's anger is a kitten trying to bat its paws at a full grown panther. He stiffly turns his head away. "What do you want me to do?" He doesn't like to talk about his feelings. For the longest time, it's always have been Nine bring the strong one to lead on Twelve. It's been like that since they escaped the institute. Twelve following his leadership. He was born to lead. Telling Twelve his...feelings is a waste of time where he can be planning their next move. Every moment is precious and he dares not fall behind with his work.

"Open up a little...please." Mishima's voice is tired, and he sees her dark circles. They weren't staying up late again last night after he fell asleep were they? "Talk to him. Let him know how you feel."

"I feel fine." He coughs up a lung again and pulls a tissue out of his pocket to her. She looks at the tissue dumbly, before patting her eyes with it. They sit in silence as Nine's brain sluggishly works. "I don't like to be dependent on Twelve." He finally says.

"You can depend-"

"Ever since we...escaped, he's been depending on me, and I've been embracing that role head on. Telling him of...this-" he makes a vague gesture with his hands around his chest, not exactly sure of what he's trying to sign. He's painfully aware that he's spilling everything out to Mishima, whether she likes it or not. "-is like losing to myself. And I hate losing." Losing meant losing his life in this dangerous game they're playing. Losing meant that they made a calculated move that went wrong, and it goes against every fiber of his person.

Losing meant that he's let Twelve down.

Mishima places her hand on his, her eyes earnest and dark and brimming of emotions. "He won't be troubled if you lose to him. You care for him and he cares for you, Nine! You'll only make him sadder if you keep quiet about this! Stop running away from things!"

Perhaps it was from the sleeplessness and the events happening yesterday, but Mishima loses it and places her head on his lap. She stays there, shoulders shaking as he looks up at the blurry ceiling, listening to her cry. It's an ugly sound. Harsh to his ears as she tightens her fingers on his hand. It's the way he was brought up but Nine feels a disconnection to the crying girl. Why is she so adamant on trying to get him to say things to Twelve? In a polite sense, it's none of her business.

Then he remembers his nightmares, always running away from things.

He understands. He knows where this is coming from and he's not sure if he wants to be thankful he knows what she's hinting at, due to his lack of communication or cringe because how in the world will he tell this to Twelve? But he's always been the one Twelve looks up to. He lead both of them to the city and pointed out basic survival skills to him. The door quietly opens, and suddenly Twelve's cold hands embraces Nine.

"...you can depend on me, Nine."

They stay like that for a while, until the sun moves from the floor to the walls. In the middle of that, Mishima stops crying, and wipes her tears on the damp tissue. Twelve orders Nine to take the fever medication, and he obliges, swallowing the bitter grape flavor. He must have been blankly staring at Twelve, because the younger boy drops his mask and tucks him in, fingers trailing along his bangs.

"...okay..." 

Nine falls asleep to Twelve smiling at him, tucking the blanket to his shoulders with Mishima tearing up behind him again.




Chapter End Notes
there's one last chapter of nine's growth before i go back to posting one shots (: i hope you enjoyed his character growth


Gymnopedie no. 1
Chapter Notes
i just love nine a lot ok

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




He watches as Twelve and Mishima spins around the room. The stereo (he didn't even realize they have a perfectly working one) is softly crooning chords and melodies as the piano sings lightly. Nine is a big music fan, and he knows this tune- the one-two-three beat of a waltz as he watches Mishima giggle, being led by an equally happy Twelve.
Him? He's still sick with fever, and was put on couch rest until his face stops flushing.
The restlessness in him makes his squirm every minute. He has gone hours sitting by his designated corner, but his fingers are always tying, always tapping away information as he breaks down firewalls and gets past scans like it's child's play. He hasn't spoke much to either of them after Twelve had gave him his fever medication. If this was a suggestion for Nine to take time to figure things out, he'll take it; it's confusing enough to settle the feelings inside of him he has buried for years.

But he's relieved when Mishima asks him to pull up any waltzes he knows. At least he's doing something other than being a couch potato.

He doesn't know how she knows he's into music, but he doesn't ask. Instead, he created a playlist, before leaning back into the couch and carefully watching Mishima teach Twelve how to spin. His eyes doesn't miss how close they are, and the blushing and nervous quaking in one of their voices. Nine knows Twelve is smitten with her, but he doesn't bring it up. Not now at least, there's something more important nagging his mind. Like how to speak up to Twelve about what Mishima asked him to do.

Then Twelve spots him with that look, and Nine suddenly feels like he should have feigned sleep instead of watching them.

"Ciao, Nine!" Lord help me. "You look like you need exercise, come on, I'll teach you the tango!"

"-Hisami, I don't think he's ready for that!"

"No." He coughs to prove his point. Twelve is being his usual hyperactive self, and watching them swing each other makes him want to hurl his dinner out. Not in the disgusting romantic way. But in the actual I-am-sick way. "I'm still ill!"

Sphinx Number Two reaches for Nine's arms and surprisingly pulls him to his feet with strength Nine doesn't know he has. Twelve's hands are warm as one of them settles on Nine's shoulders and the other one is wounded with his left one. He stumbles, before holding Twelve's shoulders with more force than necessary, except it's necessary because he's still sick and the ground is rushing up-

Twelve rightens him up, chuckling as the stereo moves onto the next song in the playlist. Nine glares at him for his cheery tone. "Whoops. My bad." Mishima mysteriously disappears from the living room, and Nine is spun for a few good seconds before his dinner threatens to make an appearance. His legs feels like noodles, and he's holding onto Twelve with a little more force than he wants. 

"Twelve..."

The aforementioned stops dancing, hands slipping out of Nine's left hand. The younger boy looks down, and from his height, Twelve doesn't look like Twelve. The boy in front of him looks miserable and lonely. He resembles the child Nine had escaped out of the institute, head lowered down demurely, and there, Nine feels a twinge of something in his heart. "Nine, I...really wish you would rely on me more."

The waltz continues to play merrily as Twelve carries on, Nine watching as his fist clenches and the skin of his knuckles turns white. "I know you're trying to be strong but please...you don't need to hide it from me. Or Lisa."

Nine's hands trembles, and he forms them into fists and grits his teeth. "I don't know why you want to know about my nightmares so bad- you already know what they're about."

"Not that! Nine! I'm your brother! You don't need to be so alone when I'm here for you!" The anger in Twelve's eyes surprises Nine, and he backs away as Twelve advances. "You don't need to face everything alone! We're here for you! Stop running away from your problems and face them head on!"

"No, Twelve!-"

And then Nine hears his teeth crash down with a loud click and his neck is thrown back painfully.

Twelve looks at his fist, before his brown eyes bores into Nine's with mortification and Nine registers the pain, touching his jaw. He blinks in surprise, before pressing his jaw hard to gauge if something broke before looking off to the side. He's dealt with much agonizing pain. "I...guess I deserved that."

Nine looks at his hands, before they surround a still horrified Twelve as he draws the younger boy into an awkward hug. Being dysfunctional children they are, Nine feels clumsy drawing him into his embrace. He can feel Twelve shake, and he feels lower than dirt. It's one thing to make Mishima cry for him and it's a completely different thing to make the boy who has went through so much with him cry. 

"Sorry." He says, although he's not sure if this is enough. He's exceptionally talented in not being able to communicate well. It's just that...feelings and releasing his inner thoughts are just so cumbersome when all they've been going at is to destroy and hide. Destroy Tokyo and hide his feelings so it doesn't clash with their plans. Twelve is usually the more vocal one out of them, and can express his emotions freely whereas he's used to burying them deep, deep in him.

Twelve hugs him back, pulling away and muttering, "Stupid." before squeezing his hands. It's the first time Nine notices how much they've grown from being helpless children. They're troublesome to society now- they have a voice in what they say. They can change something. And then Twelve smiles, a smile that's brighter than the sun and for the first time, Nine thinks Twelve is smiling sincerely from the bottom of his heart, and he feels like the breath has been knocked out of him because here, in front of him is a glimpse of what Twelve could be-

There's a little crash, and they both look towards the door, where Mishima is tending to her knee. "S-Sorry!"

"Hey, Lisa! Come dance with him!"

"E-EH?!" But Twelve has successfully captured Lisa and is dragging her towards him. Sphinx Number Two pushes her towards Nine, who has his arms ready in case she falls again as Twelve turns the playlist to a particular song Nine knows. Gymnopedie no. 1, by Satie. The soft chords of the piano starts again, and Mishima is looking at him like a lost puppy.

He extends his arms as gentlemanly as possible, sporting a very red face (and growing bruise) that he's sure is the cause of the fever, and spins her like how he's seen Twelve spin her. The piano continues to croon softly- it's one of the few songs that can completely put him to an easy sleep. There's a little melancholy, but he feels peaceful, and he can see from the wonder in Mishima's eyes that she's enjoying the song too.

Yet it's not right. Nine has never been more self conscious of his long limbs and tall growth spurt. Something is off, and he realizes it's the tempo of the song. It's slow, so he slackens his speed and drops his arms completely, opting to place his hands around Mishima's waist. It takes her a few beats to understand, and she reaches up and settles her small palms on his shoulders.

They don't dance, not really, they just sway from side to side, both of them sporting flushed faces, one from fever and one probably from embarrassment. But it feels right to him- he feels more like himself swaying instead of frolicking because that should be Twelve's thing. Swaying can be his.

"Mishi- Lisa...?"

She looks up, eyes bright in the waning moonlight. "Yes?"

"...thank you..."

She smiles, before continuing to sway with him.




Chapter End Notes
gymnopedie no 1 is one of my favorite songs. it's so calming too.
can you imagine nine tango-ing though?


Winter Solstice
Chapter Notes
go along with me and pretend that we somehow went ahead to winter time



Nine glares at Twelve, who's smugly sitting at the couch with the afghan draped over his legs as Mishima wounds Nine's borrowed scarf around her neck. He hasn't even opened the door and he knows that two feet of snow will greet him. Twelve's jolly smile mocks him as Nine freezes his ass off. "Sit here. And don't touch anything or-"
"Relax, Nine. You're going to have grey hairs before we turn 20!"

Nine didn't have anything to say to that other than to slam the door and stomp his way to the nearest mall where heat is offered. He slows down a little, so let Mishima catch up. They talk mindlessly of things as Nine tries to shield his eyes from the falling snowflakes before he gives up and lets them pile on his glasses. Twelve had announced that last night, tomorrow will be his birthday, and Nine, you and Lisa should buy me presents.

Unlike Nine, who has a set birthday, given by the aforementioned pain-in-the-ass, Twelve cannot commit to one day and he often changes it every year. Last year's was Christmas Eve. Mishima had looked confused when he explained it to her, but she goes along with it anyway, before tripping and falling face first into a snowbank.

Nine helps her up as she asks him a question. "What did you get Hisami last year?"

"A book on the effects of consuming too much candy." He deadpans, picking his way through the busy streets of Tokyo. All around him, everyone is layered with scarves, toques and gloves. The chill from the snow prickles in him and he sneezes. "I hate winter."

Mishima laughs, a light, twinkly sound. "I think you just don't like the cold." She follows him into a building and sees him relax a little, stomping off the snow from his boots and squinting as he cleans his glasses. The net effect is a very disgruntled Nine with smudged glasses as he swims amongst all the other shoppers. They pass several stores, before Sphinx Number One asks her if she has any idea what to get Twelve.

"...No, I don't."

"We're screwed then."

"Eh?"

Nine purses his lips. "I...don't know what to get him either."

They make their way past the center of the mall, "But you've been living with him for-"

"I know. I know. But I don't know what he likes, other than food." He pulls a grocery list out of his pocket. "We always have his favorites for dinner every year, but other than that, I'm not sure..."

Nine sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose. Wasn't one of Twelve's beloved knit hat starting to fray? "Mishima, do you know how to knit?"

"A little..."

"Do you know how to make a knit hat in-" He checks his silver watch, "5 hours?" When he looks up, Mishima was staring at his wrist. He looks down and looks back up at her. A little swell of hope bubbles up inside of him, maybe if she has an idea they can buy it and then go home to where it's nice and warm- "What is it?"

"That bracelet..."

He looks at the ratty blue cord. "Oh. He forced me to attend this art workshop when we were little." He purposely leaves out the part where he was near tears when he couldn't weave the strands together to make a friendship bracelet. Nine is allergic to all things involving artistic sense. 

"Hisami likes those things, right? I see him wearing ankle cords." She fiddles with the hems of her borrowed coat. She only brought her summer clothes, and is borrowing Twelve's coat since Nine's completely engulf her short frame. "...what do you think of making him a new one?"

Nine forces himself to swallow, shifting his eyes as they change their route to the craft store ahead. He couldn't remember the last time he made something artistic. Why does things involve art seem to pop up everywhere? What has Nine ever done to deserve all this? Maybe it's a sign of karma telling him to not have pulled the cord to the TV a week ago, but he was tired and Twelve had been gong without sleep for 36 hours and he's getting off tracked-

"I can't braid."

Mishima doesn't miss a beat as she picks up an orange basket and makes a bee line to the twine section. "It's okay, I'll teach you." Nine nearly trips over a stray basket from another shopper checking out some fabrics and he shakes his head as Mishima continues. "Do you think he'll like red or green twine?"

"Make it yellow and grey."

"Yellow and grey?"

"Our voice colors."

Her eyes lights up, "Ah! You're good at this, Kokonoe!"

Nine can't help feel a little pleased as he hands the money to Mishima. They make a quick work of the grocery store and then they're battling through the snow and wind and Nine breathes a sigh of relieve as he opens the door. Twelve is snoozing on the couch, remote in his hand as his feet sticks from the bottom of the blanket. Nine tells Mishima to put the food in the fridge as he takes their sodden clothing and puts them near the gas heater in the laundry room.

They converge in the laundry room, where Mishima cuts the cords and lies them. Grey for him, yellow for her. Nine is a nervous wreck, listening to her instructions and visualizing in his head how his hands are suppose to weave the damn strings together, but when he applies the theory in real life he somehow tangles them and has to ask Mishima to help him untangle it.

Someone save him.

Mishima is done hours ago, and is set on making the curry for tonight's dinner. Nine would pop into the kitchen to make sure she doesn't convert back to her pyromaniac ways, but he wants to punch a wall because it's been nearly four hours and he still can't. Make. A. Damn. Bracelet.


 



 
Twelve wakes up to hushed voices scooping dinner into bowls and the undeniable smell of curry. He grins, throwing off the blanket and speed walking to the kitchen, where Mishima and Nine are hissing about if they should wrap the present or not. "Yoohoo!"

Nine looks grumpy. "Twelve. Do you want to eat now?" He holds up a ladle to punctuate his point. Twelve doesn't know how but Nine's hair has turned from neat and orderly into his bed head. He sadistically widens his grin on the inside, the only thing that riles Nine up is doing arts and crafts.

"Sure." He moves to the couch as the duo follow them, still wearing aprons. Nine sits in his laptop chair as Mishima hands him a steaming bowl and drops right next to him. They listen to cheesy Christmas songs over Nine's laptop as it streams into one of the local radio stations. Once they've polished three servings (Nine looks nauseous by his second), Mishima presents Twelve a small mug, and he peers inside.

"Wow, Lisa! A mug cake!" Nine watches as Twelve beams, poking his spoon into the fluffy souffle, courtesy of SORTED. "This is good! You should make some everyday!"

As the duo bather on, Nine collects all the dishes and sets them in the sink, returning to a blushing Mishima. "Now?"

He closes his eyes as Twelve accepts the bracelets. Mishima's yellow one is perfect, every strand tightly wounded whereas his looks like a two year old made it and decided to quit halfway. Sphinx Number Two looks at them in surprise, before shooting a wide grin at Nine, "Still can't braid?"

"Shut up." That only made Twelve laugh, but he wounds his old cords and replaces them with the new ones. 

"Thank you." A dazzling smile is beamed in his direction and Nine stiffly nods, before rushing to the kitchen to start on the dishes.

Still, it makes him happy when he sees the grey one wound around Twelve's ankles.




Espresso
Chapter Notes
I FINALLY WROTE A COFFEE SHOP AU. this was pretty fun to write, i enjoyed writing this particular AU a lot

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"You don't even enjoy coffee, Twelve."  Nine hisses, looking up from his nuclear science textbook and slipping one ear free of his headphone. 
The cafe is jammed packed with university students studying for the mid terms and with the weather not cooperating, the background noise is turning deafening, hence the need for headphones if he wanted to hear himself think. Disgruntled, he snaps his fingers in front of Twelve's face for his attention. "Hey."
Twelve seems distracted, nursing a cup of strong espresso. "Hm?" 

Nine has known him for nearly all his life and Twelve hates coffee, and espresso- more so. The usually upbeat teen has been staring at the serving counter for the last ten minutes, ignoring the notes that should be the object of his attention because exams are in less than 24 hours. But then again, they're qualified as geniuses, and it's not like they're going to fail anytime soon, but Nine hasn't seen Twelve this off tracked- ever.


His tired eyes zones onto a girl with short, black hair and pale skin. He's seen her around campus and on the buses. Mishima Lisa, first year and majoring in some random subject he has forgotten the name of. Linguistics? Law? Something. He turns to his friend, who has gone right back to staring at her with wonder in his eyes and Nine holds back the urge to kick his friend's legs beneath the table.


"Twelve." Nine is a busy person and that meant having to tutor all of the other students who needed help because Professor Shibazaki is an ass. Also, that meant that he's more exhausted than any of the students who're sporting dark circles combined together. He's been up for nearly 48 hours and he can feel it. 


"Wha-What?"


He jabs his textbook. "You need to pass Calculus." Oh!- so that's where he's seen her. 


If Twelve wakes him at four in the morning again to moan at him about the upcoming exam he's going to strangle the living daylights out of the boy with his grey scarf. Nine takes a deep breath, usually he's more relaxed, but just this morning he's kicked out four crying students out of the tutor circle Professor Who-Needs-A-Shave has forced him into. His nerves are a little more than just strained. "Focus, will you?"


Twelve ruefully looks at him, espresso in hand. His Calculus textbook on the table lays open, forgotten along with the rests of his highlighters and notes. "Nine."


"What?"


"I'm already whipped."


Nine sighs, and downs his 6th cup of espresso in one shot. He'll need it soon, but for now, he'll put his headphones back on and take a much needed nap, loud university students or not.


 





 


He's right. Twelve panics and nudges him awake from his bunk bed with a pitiful expression, and Nine gives him a bill and orders him to get him some coffee and some pancakes. They'll probably be too caught up in studying to go down to the cafeteria.


Nine takes this moment to pull on sweats and to organize his notes. Twelve appears back on time just as he pushes on his glasses.


Five hours later, Twelve is breathing a sigh of relief as Nine sprints to his Computer Science class, passing Professor Shibazaki in the hallway and panting as he falls into his seat, sweaty and buzzed from the caffeine and cutting through the Science Building's green lawns.


"Late start, Arata?"


He shoots a nasty glare at the Professor, who smugly grins at him before going to the front of the class. Nine is disgruntled when he realizes he forgot to shave before leaving the dorms, and hisses when his seat partner who hasn't been showing up to the last four classes asks him for a pen. 


 





 


Twelve passes (what a surprise) with the highest mark in his class and pouts at Nine. "It's only been a week since mid terms! Why are you studying?"


Nine's fingers are a blur on the laptop. If he listens closely, the building next door is hosting a frat party and he can feel the bass pound through the floor. An excited whoop follows from his neighbor and Nine stops momentarily. "This is for finals." The faster he finishes his double majors the faster he gets out of this hellhole with Twelve. 


Twelve only groans, and hangs his head down. "You're not going to fail. Shibazaki isn't a demon- take a break Nineeeee."


"No."


Twelve sighs and lies down on his bed, staring at the mattress above him. "Lisa looks troubled though. In the exam she got to the third page and lost all the blood in her face-"


"Just ask her for a date already." All week he's been listening to his roommate talk about his classmate. Lisa this, Lisa that. Lisa works at the coffee shop on Mondays, Thursdays and Fridays. Did you know that Lisa is actually minoring in Philosophy, Nine! His friend hasn't even spoke to her at all after the exams are over and he's already smitten- too far in to save. 


"Can you come with me?"


"...what?"


 





 


They're back at the damn coffee shop again, and Nine buries his chin into his scarf. The shop is remarkably quieter, now that exams are out of the way, but they're a few patrons and business men quietly talking as contemporary music plays overhead. Nine scoffs, he knows at least twenty titles off the top of his head that's better than the current song playing. 


His order is placed in front of him and he looks up, souring immediately.


Mishima Lisa.


She stiffens from his glare and nudges Twelve's cup onto the table, caffeine spilling over the edge. There's a squeak and she's wiping the table, apologizing profusely with a very red face as Twelve picks up the cup and assures her none of the coffee spilled onto him. Mishima takes the cup and Nine sees that her fingers only brushed the slightest bit against Twelve's and then she's stuttering- and someone take him away from here. Now.


His phone suddenly rings, and he fishes it out. "I'm going." For once, he's glad that Hobo Professor wants him to tutor two of the failing students. He'll thank Five later for having a last minute manicure appointment. Twelve turns to him quickly, eyes wide as Mishima continues to fumble with the cup. "See you, Twelve."


"N-Nine!"


He grins sadistically as he turns back to look at Twelve. This is revenge for waking him up at the ungodly hour of four to tutor him. "Have fun, Touji."


Nine chuckles on the way back to his dorm, picking his way between the crunchy leaves as the wind plays with the ends of his scarf. Even Shibazaki's verbal teasing can't dampen his spirits.





Chapter End Notes
i would imagine that nine expresses more emotions if they had a 'normal' upbringing, so he's a little devilish in this chapter. should i write another chapter for this AU?


Ferris Wheel
Chapter Notes
wHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT THEY'RE NOT IN PAIN. THEY'RE HAPPY. SEE. THEY'RE GONNA HAVE FUN IN THIS CHAPTER. THEY'RE ALL SAFE. AND HAPPY. AND FIVE IS NOWHERE NEAR THEm.  -crying intensifies-
say aye if you're rolling around in agony

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It all started when they got a brochure with a coupon entitling them to have a 50% off for one day only at the amusement park.
Of course Twelve begged him to go, and when Twelve wanted something, he can be as annoying as a fly who keeps buzzing around Nine's laptop screen. He doesn't swat the younger boy, but he keeps him well away with pointed glares and changed the chores list so Twelve doesn't get anywhere close with him. Instead, Nine grows closer to Lisa, which is acceptable to him because at least she doesn't whine or beg to go to the amusement park.

But she did ask him once why he's against it, and he said that they'll just waste money.

She nods, understanding his reasoning.

Now if only Twelve would understand.

"Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeee!"

 "No." He shoots out automatically, not bothering to look up from his screen. Lisa hands Twelve the shirts he has to iron before folding them into three separate stacks. It seems that a certain someone has been trying to pry away at his firewalls. Five most likely. "The amusement park is a waste of money." There's an entrance fee you have to pay, and then they have to pay for the tickets and not to mention food and drinks and it's just too much money Nine cannot afford to lose.

"You're no fun, Nine. You always just sulk away at your laptop like you're a hermit. If it weren't for us I bet you wouldn't even want to come out of the house!"

"H-Hisami..." Nine slows down his coding and resist the urge to glower. He's not deaf, contrary to popular beliefs that his eardrums are damaged from excessive music listening. Twelve needs to try harder if he's going to fall for his bait. 

"Sh, Lisa. Nine is just probably scared of roller coasters. That or he's allergic to fun. I mean, he's always just sitting there typing away and brooding with his music-"

He's not allergic to fun! "FINE! I'LL SHOW YOU I CAN HAVE FUN. WE'RE GOING TOMORROW!" 

He doesn't realize what he just said until Twelve's grinning from ear to ear.

Goddamnit.

 
Twelve hops ahead excitedly, vibrating from his cup of coffee as an equally delighted Lisa and a sour Nine follows him. They had to wake up early to line up and receive the bracelets and stamps on their skin to allow them to have discounts from the rides and food items. Which meant that they all had to gulp some coffee and haul themselves to the train station before the sun even rose.

Beside the irritation, a small part of him wishes deeply that the same thing doesn't repeat itself when they visited the festival with fireworks. Lisa told him this morning that if they leave by five they should be relatively clear of anything loud and booming. Nine shoves the uncomfortable feeling away into a corner of his mind and shakes his head. He's on a mission today.

"Twelve. Which ride do you want to go first?"

Twelve beams, totally misreading the sullen look on Nine. "Thought you'd never ask!" He somehow produces a map out of thin air, spreading it wide. "I want to ride all of them. We don't need to go to the Ferris Wheel because Lisa doesn't like them. You're okay with heights right, Nine? We should go to the haunted house first!"

Lisa squeaks, and Nine readies himself to catch her if she faints. "Ha-Haunted House...why so early?"

"So we can get it out of the way."

Nevertheless, Nine falls behind the shorter duo as they head into the foreboding house. The line wasn't that long so early in the morning. It's thankfully cold in the building and he takes of his cap before flinching slightly when a figure jumps out at them. Lisa shrieks and Twelve jumps onto him, clinging like a koala. With no avail to prying them off, a hand grabs his own and he forces himself to not jump since it's just Lisa.

Together, they creep forward. It's pitch black and even though Nine practically lives in the dark in his lonely corner, he can't see anything and it's sending some signals into his brains. Signals that scream at him to look for the light again because he's afraid that Five'll pop from a corner. The music playing in a minor key doesn't exactly help, and he hears Twelve whimper as the boy tightens his hold around his neck.

Then he snorts and Twelve eases his hold a bit. "What's so funny?" Lisa tightens her hold on his hand.

"Nothing." They see a faint green light at the end and Nine's mouth sours. Maybe something will pop up, but upon close inspection, he notices that their reflections are staring at them. Twelve makes a hum of surprise, hopping down from Nine and tapping the mirror.

"This is strange- AGH!"

Nine turns and something bloody and dark rushes up at him. His heart leaps into his mouth and he's ready to do anything to get out of this hell hole. Lisa finally faints and he, out of reflex, he swears, ducks and let the bloody thing attack Twelve.

After a series of apologies to the very disgruntled actor nursing a bloody nose from Twelve's elbow, they get shown the correct way out. Nine is never so relieved to see the sun, and Sphinx Number Two wobbles to a nearby bench and Nine lies Lisa down, before grabbing a water bottle from his backpack. Twelve is trying to wake the pale girl, and Nine pats her face with a handkerchief with a shaky hand.

They both sit beside each other.

"L-Let's not do that again." Twelve stutters, sitting close to Lisa.

Nine agrees immediately.

 
Lisa wakes up just as Twelve strolls back with food. Nine explains that she fainted, and she turns red before muttering a meek apology. The food cheered her up, and they all focused on their meal in the sun. Nine doesn't feel quite the same, not after the scarring experience.

They get spun around violently in tea cups, and Nine reminds himself to not let Twelve take hold of the wheel. Lisa pleads to get their face painted and Nine relents, smiling a bit when Twelve asks for a yellow butterfly on his cheek. He himself got a small bird on the side of his face. The feeling of a soft brush on his cheek relaxes him a little, and then they're off at Twelve's whim. Every so often, Nine has to reign him in from buying too many useless things. 

Lisa hands him a disposable camera and asks him if he could take pictures. He keeps the ratty plastic thing in his hands, watching the gauge closely as he snaps pictures after pictures of Twelve looking radiant and Lisa as cheerful as he's ever seen her.

His lips moves without his permission into a small smile. Lisa somehow sees it around a mouthful of cotton candy and she beams.

He turns pink, and looks pointedly the other way.

 
"No."

"Pleaseeeeeeeeee!"

He can feel the yakisoba he just finished threaten to come up from his digestion. Lisa is bouncing slightly beside him, smile bright as ever as a tall roller coaster looms up ahead of them. Nine shivers slightly as the breeze plays with his hair. The god-knows metric tons of steel and wiring looms ahead of him too much like the fence from the Settlement he had to climb through. In retrospect, he should have feigned an illness before Twelve whisked him off to the back seat. The workers there all smiled him pitifully as they check his safety measures.

Twelve breezily chats. "This'll be the last one I think. Unless Lisa wants to go the Ferris Wheel." The ride starts with a jolt and Nine whimpers.

The creaking of the train only reminds him of the haunted house and the car suddenly shoots forward, branches and green shrubbery whipping past him in a blur. It feels like a tank just rammed into his back and is pushing him forward. He really, really hopes that his stomach doesn't fail him as they start to climb the incline. 

It's not so bad, he tries to console himself. The wind feels nice, and aside from the force pushing them, he definitely can get through this.Nine breathes from his mouth, closing his eyes as Twelve comments on how pretty it looks from here and Nine, you should really open your eyes!-

He opens them, and in an instant he takes in the blue spanning the entire horizon and bright sunshine. It's breathtaking up here, but then the car lurches forward an inch, and the skin on his face is peeling and his ears are whistling, deafened to the delighted whoops from the other passengers. More shrubbery pass him when the car suddenly flips 360 and his body is flung from side to side as the train zooms on the steep curves. His stomach is coiling in his mouth and tears are forming in his eyes from the sheer speed as he loses his orientation. All of his senses jumbles up to one thing and he's left wondering which way is up?

Yet Twelve keeps on laughing as they go up and down, curve by curve as Nine grows paler and paler. Somehow, he manages to endure the crazy loops and cirves and seat twisting before he shakily stands up on his feet. The wooziness in him makes his head spin, and that's not a good thing, is it? Muddled from the ride, Twelve's face seem to be shifting forward and backward as he frowns, "...Nine, do you need to sit down?"

He answers that by throwing up at his feet.

 
Nine glares out into the sunset, refusing to look at Twelve.

"Don't pout, Nine!" The younger one apologetically laughs as the Ferris Wheel begins it's circuit. Lisa doesn't seem to look as frazzled as him- she looked concerned though, and helped the workers clean up as Twelve dragged him off to the men's bathroom (with everyone staring, he might add). "Maybe next time you'll do better."

He wants to say there'll be no next time, but his stomach is still rolling about freely and Lisa soothingly strokes his back in an attempt to calm him.

Aside from...that, the scene did look quite nice, and he's ever so glad that their house faces the west. He sips the black coffee they got from him, and Lisa grabs the disposable camera from his bag, which had somehow survived the crazy ride (because his organs most definitely did not). "Ara- Kokonoe-" she corrects herself, "do you want to take one last picture together?"

He gives a shrug. She seems to be excited when Twelve purchased the ratty camera. He should let her have fun. "You can take it anyway you want." 

"Group picture!" Twelve yells, jumping abruptly in between Lisa and Nine. He grabs the camera from Lisa and centers it, "Say CHEESE!"

The flash goes off, and Nine won't know until they develop the film to see what his face looks like. 

"Twelve..."

"Yes?"

"Was I fun today?"

Twelve roars with laughter. "All fun except the roller coaster part."

"Are you satisfied?"

"Yes!"

"Good."

 

Nine walks into the kitchen, eyes still tired as he jabs the coffee machine to start. The couch has two occupants on it- Lisa and Twelve who came home late from work yesterday. He makes sure not to wake them up and to move as quietly as he can, before pulling a pan out, moving to the fridge. What should he make for breakfast today?

Aside from Lisa's sketch of him, he sees ten new pictures held up by magnets. Pictures of Twelve and Lisa fills each frame, which is to be expected because he was the one who snapped all of them. He grabs some eggs from the carton and closes the door, but not before a certain picture on the very bottom of the fridge captures his attention.

He bends down, peering at the only golden picture with three of them. Twelve is as enthusiastic as always, the butterfly on his cheek a little smudged, and Lisa is grinning, leaning on the bench of the Ferris Wheel. The city stretches out majestically behind them, bathed in golden light, and Nine's dark eyes rakes over his face. Pale, but it's not as you can tell in the sunset. What surprises him is the sincere smile on him. He looked...oddly...happy.

Nine takes the picture, moving it so it's right in the middle of the other ones, right next to Lisa's sketch. He stands back and studies his work.

Perfect.




Chapter End Notes
good thing i finished a draft of this last night or else i'd be crying all over the keyboards now.
i just want these children to be safe is that too much to ask


Late night talks
Chapter Notes
I'm suffering from writer's block. Managed to produced this though. 
Unbeta'd.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Lisa doesn't usually have nightmares, but tonight she wakes up in cold sweat. The blanket is suddenly too hot and she flings it to her feet.
Nine had ordered Twelve and her to sleep like normal people tonight, but she can hear the soft clicks of the keyboard outside her room. She peers out. The apartment is dark, and the only source of light is the meek moonlight shining through the wall of glass and Nine's dim laptop screen.

As if he knows she's there, he speaks softly. "What is it?" The screen of codes he's working on is reflected on his glasses before she sees his tired grey eyes. "Nightmare?"

She nods, opening the door wider and walking onto the cold wooden floors. Nine stops typing, reclining in his computer chair as he watches Lisa drop onto the couch with glazed eyes. They don't speak of nightmares, especially not since after Nine fainted and became delirious with fever from the festival.

"So? What is it?"

"...father leaving us..." She doesn't remember him anymore, just the broad angle of his back as he opens the door. There was a faint memory of cloves and Old Spice and something warm.

"...Twelve and I are orphans."

"My mom lost her mind when he left." Became depressed, refused to go to work, only cried and moped around the house. Did nothing. Absolute nothing. Abandoned Lisa to fend for herself.

"...What is childhood? What does a parent do?"

"She quit work. We got funds from the government." And then the government gave them a warning to get their act together. Lisa had part time jobs before, which she went to gladly because at least she won't be in the house.

"They treated us like test subjects there. 'Family' is a word that doesn't exist in my dictionary."

"...she's afraid of me leaving...but I did. I left like Dad did. I left her." She left the woman who gave her life. Lisa abandoned her own mother.

"...we left the Settlement. We left without Five."

"...I couldn't take it anymore..." All the demanding texts and over protectiveness-

Nine shrugs. "We all have our breaking points."

Lisa's eyelids droops further. Twelve's light snoring is audible from the living room. Nine is a good listener. "...I never thanked you, Kokonoe... Thank you."

Nine's mouth didn't go up, but there was a tenderness in his tone as he grabs the afghan from the arm rest. "Night, Lisa."




Chapter End Notes
Check out my other works; Human (updated yesterday- 2 chapters) and we live different lives (updated on the 13th- 5 chapters)


Pool
Chapter Notes
writer's block sucks.



Twelve has the biggest grin on his face.
So he and Lisa had been rushing to get to the community pool before their shifts starts when the girl forgot to bring their bentos, and it just so happens that Nine is at home, nothing to do except chores- the perfect person to save their stomachs from hunger.

He totally didn't plan this.

He keeps a close eye on the seven year olds trying their best to do a front crawl and the other eye on Nine. To be fair, he had put on arm floaties on them before hand, so at least if they stray to the six foot end their heads will stay above the water. 

The pool had been running low on hands, and Twelve chirped very loudly that his friend didn't have anything else better to do but teach kids how to float- he swears he's not trying to get chummy for bonuses.

"Sensei!"

He wades over to one of the children. Their goggles all bug at him like insects, and they all struggle to stay upright as they flap their arms with excitement. "Who's the onii-san over there? He looks grumpy."


Grumpy indeed.


 
 
Nine is having the time of his life.

Sarcasm.

From the administrator's office, he can see a pale (petrified) Lisa peering at him- no doubt laughing at the spare swimming trunks Twelve had given to him when he hadn't even agreed to this. He had plans today. Plans that involve a lot of updating their firewall because the antivirus on the laptop has an error and a list of chores he needs to do. Like making dinner. And washing Twelve's dirty sheets. And maybe paying their bills on time before the electricity stopped working and they all freeze to death at night.

Instead the airheads 'forgot' their lunches and he has to pay the price by running to the community pool and handing it off to them. He had been a little irked at that point, but when Twelve said very loudly that he should totally come and teach the smaller kids how to float, the manager of the pool turned to him with intent in her eyes and beamed at him.

And thus, he's wearing a gaudy swimming trunk that's pink and has hearts and dolphins. 

But other than his pride being chipped away and becoming the object of the admin's wandering eyes, it takes him one minute to put life jackets on six hyperactive kids. He's good with his hands. The zipper that has given so many instructors nightmares obeys him, and he feels smug when Twelve pouts from the other pool. He shoots a stink eye to the younger boy and watches as Twelve claps his hands together and demonstrates a front crawl.

And that's when it hits him.

He and children don't go hand in hand.

He's already scared off a girl with pink goggles, who has taken liberty and is hiding behind who looks like her older brother. The other five are watching him warily, and he leads them to the six foot end- where Twelve still has that shit eating grin.

"Jump in."

All of them shoots him a look varying from absolute horror to excitement. Two kids holler and jump in, before shooting back up and flapping their arms as they float to the middle of the pool. Nine sighs, before stepping in and letting the water close over his head. Chlorine fills his nose, and he blows water off his glasses. Pushing his bangs back, he backs away before stretching his arms out. "Don't be chicken. I'll catch you."

Two of them starts to tear up and he panics, looking at Twelve for support, but the jerk ignores his look. From the admin's room, Lisa just shrugs before offering a small smile of sympathy. 

He's doomed. How do you even coax five year olds to jump?

"Come on." He pleads. This reminds him of forcing a very young Twelve brush his teeth properly because they can't afford to pay for fillings. "We'll all play Marco Polo after you all jump in."

That apparently sparks an interest in the older brother of the pink goggles. He stretches his arms again, and catches the boy around the middle before letting him paddle his way to the other two boys. Two of the girls (twins, he's guessing, by the matching swim suits) looks at him, before they reluctantly sit down on the edge and slip in.

Pink Goggles has tears running down her chubby cheeks.

He looks back at the other five, and heaves himself out of the pool, before criss-crossing his legs so he's the same height of the girl. "Scared of water?"

She nods, sniffling as her brother yells at her to join them. Nine ponders. Neither he nor Twelve had fears of swimming- they did swim in a stream during their escape. He suppose loud booming noises makes him flinch, but that's different.

He's going to bullshit his way through this. "I used to be scared of water too." The girl looks at him in surprise. "It's not so bad when you get in. The water's nice and cold. And the life jacket will keep you afloat."

She shakes her head demurely. 

Nine has absolute no idea what he's doing. Should he say a joke? The girl reminds him of Lisa- but a grade schooler won't know what Helium is, never mind understand his great chemistry joke. "Your goggles. They're pretty." He feels strangely aware of how Twelve is holding back his laugh, damn bastard. 

That cheers her up though. "Mama bought them for me!"

"Is it your favorite color?" No shit, he thinks wryly, she's wearing all pink. Her swimsuit is decorated with pink neon butterflies that burns his retinas. 

"Yep!"

"The water will look pink if you wear them." When she perks up, he grins slightly. "Wanna try?"

She shakes her head again.

He looks back at the other five in the water waiting for him. "If you change your mind, just call." He slips in, before making sure that each kid is feeling safe in the water. They all start to splash him, and Twelve waves him over so his class can join his in Marco Polo.

"You did well. Two crying children and one that refuses to go in."

He wasn't sure if Twelve is trying to provoke him. "How was yours on your first day?"

"Three wet their pants and two ran to their mothers." They both lean against the wall. The back doors are open and Nine can see the manager hose off some pool toys that has been soaking in a blowup kiddie pool. He feels the oncoming chill of evening as goosebumps are made visible on his arm. Twelve nudges his arm and points to Pink Goggles. "That girl.... She doesn't want to go in?"

"No. And I don't want to force her." He might only make her fear of water even more distinct.

Twelve shrugs, "She'll get over it once she watches them have fun."

Not ten minutes later, she wanders to Nine, shuffling forward as Twelve beams. "Hallo!"

"H-Hi..."

"Do you want to try the water?" Surely the water is warmer than the September breeze giving him a chill. She nods, and he and Twelve slip in (Twelve jumps into the pool by dive bombing into the middle and makes the children shriek), and he stretches his arms out. Being polite is tiring, because he only talks to Twelve and Lisa, the former loving it when he pisses Nine off- and they're used to his antisocial ways so there was no point masking his irritation. He tries to smile and hopes that he doesn't scare her. "Ready whenever you are."

She scrunches up her eyes and leaps-

-and he catches her without fail, and lets her float in front of him. She opens one eye slowly, before her brother loudly paddles his way to her and orders her to put her goggles on, Twelve is teaching them how to do handstands in the kiddie pool after one last round of Marco Polo.

When he and Twelve finishes toweling off (Nine has to go back earlier to prepare dinner), the little girl comes up to him and hugs his left leg, before her brother joins. "Thank you for today!"

"Yeah! You don't look as grumpy up close!" They both grin at him, before running to their mother. Twelve pats his shoulder, and Nine blinks. 

"Good job, Grumps." Twelve teases, hair not following the law of gravity with the fierce toweling he had given himself. "So, what about it? Wanna get a job here? It's indoors, and there's kids and you get to play games with them."

"No thanks." He sourly points to his trunks. A group of teens pile past him as the competitive swim club takes over the lap pools. Dealing with kids had been a nightmare. "This will be the last time I'm using this.... Although if the pool needs an emergency instructor that badly...I guess your manager has someone to call." He reluctantly finishes.

Twelve grins at him, before biding him goodbye as he walks to his next group of kids. Nine says goodbye to Lisa, who waves to him as she stutters to a customer asking if they sell prescription goggles.

Nine slightly shivers as he walks out, leaving the enclosed warmth of the building and into the crisp air. His hair is still damp, and he sneezes before a Jeep beeps at him. The little girl and her brother waves energetically from the dark interior, wet hair plastered against their round foreheads.

He waves back.




Fidget
Chapter Notes
episode 10 is not okay. But I got a chapter done!
Unbeta'd



There's only the vision of the ground rushing up to Twelve as he's flung off his bike. In retrospect, it was the truck driver's fault for not looking when he made the turn, but Twelve knows by the crunch he heard that he could be finished right here and there.
His visor across his helmet shatters and he smells the unmistakable tang of iron before passing out, sirens wailing in the distance.
 

Nine barges through the hospital doors, nearly knocking over a doctor with pink hair in the process as Lisa follows him- face pale like his. The nurse looks alarmingly at him when he manages to ask her in a quiet and angry tone where Twelve is being kept. When she says in a too calm voice that only immediate family members are only allowed to see him, he makes Lisa stutter out a response claiming that the patient is her boyfriend, and yes, he and Lisa are siblings.

(He's only lied a couple of times.)

Twelve looks like a mummy.

A shattered helmet (or what's left of it) is sitting on the bedside table, along with his bracelet and personal affects. Lisa rushes forward, standing by his bedside as Nine goes for the clipboard by the foot of the bed.

Fractured leg. Extensive bruising. Some swelling. Minor cuts and scrapes. And nothing that can't be fixed but bed rest and Tylenol for his pain.

He doesn't know how bad he's been holding his breath until he checks over the doctor's unintelligible handwriting. Twelve is save. He'll just need to rest and then he'll be as annoying as always.

"...yoo...hoo."

It doesn't have much enthusiasm, but Twelve calls out, and Nine's head immediately snaps he's wondering if he got whiplash or not. The boy is already trying to sit up- and Lisa rushes forward to help him. Nine eyes the bandage across Twelve's nose. "So?"

The younger boy grimaces. "It's...not that bad?" When he sees Nine's glare harden, he waves his hands feebly. "They say I can go home today- I only have a broken leg!"

"If you hadn't been zooming twenty miles over the speed limit you wouldn't have broken your leg."

Twelve pouts, before a nurse pops in to help him out of the bed. Within half an hour, Nine has hailed a taxi and told the driver their address. Lisa is given the duty to keep her eye on Twelve all the time as Nine runs some errands- his stock of painkillers is going to be diminished once Twelve's leg heals.

 
There are some ups and downs to Twelve fracturing his leg and needing Nine to assist him to the bathrooms. It means that he and Lisa are working overtime to get the laundry done while Twelve lounges off with Nine's other laptop. Nine has to help out at the community pool more often to cover Twelve's shifts, and he doesn't quite trust Twelve to code their firewalls, so he's also doing that, losing quite a large hour of sleep on most nights.

Lisa has been burdened too. While it is still bright outside, without Twelve doing their convenience store runs, Nine would try to get the things himself, but given in when Lisa told (lectured) him that Twelve is also her friend, so pass over the grocery list and stop worrying.

Normally, Twelve would be restless around the house on days where his right leg isn't wrapped in an absurd amount of cast, but when he's bed stricken, damn, he fidgets.

A lot.

"There's nothing to do!" Twelve wails, one hand scratching the top of the cast as he tries to catch Nine's attention. Sphinx Number One is doing his best to ignore the boy and to do some chores (online shopping with a side of dealing with the insurance company about Twelve's utterly smashed motorcycle). "Nineeeee!" 

"Go talk to Lisa." As soon as he says that, he can feel a glare pierce his back. "Right. She's at the pool..."

"Hey! Hey! Wanna play chess?" Nine turns momentarily to see Twelve reaching out for the chessboard that's out of reach. The afghan that was originally covering the boy's lower half (they opened all the windows so the blessed cold winds can air the room out) is falling halfway towards the floors. "Please? I am so bored it's killing me!"

Nine's phone buzzes and he types in a quick response to Lisa's sudden request if they can have a movie night. He purses his lips. It would shut Twelve up for a few hours- but he has to finish the online banking tonight....

Making his resolve, he drown's out Twelve's whining and turns to the laptop with a gleam in his eyes.

 
Nine wouldn't thought that Lisa would be the one to be renting out several horror films. Twelve? Of course- he likes anything that pops out of hidden walls and loves to see people flinch. After a nice dinner consisting of take out, at which Twelve is delighted that Nine is intending to join their movie night, he passes Twelve his ice cream (regretting the decision when he realizes the sugar rush is going to make the boy even more hyper) and slips the movie into the VCR player.

As expected, Lisa is shaking to her roots ten minutes into the intro. Twelve is shoveling ice cream into his mouth like a nervous rodent, and Nine yawns. It's all silly tricks and made up stories in the end. There was no need to be so scared.

He's wrong.

Forty minutes into the movie- right around the climax- a certain bloody thing pops up into the screen and Nine is reminded of the time they were at the haunted house that he ducks and bangs his knee into the squat coffee table, yelping as the duo on the couch shrieks. 

Okay. He'll retract his earlier statement. He looks beside him to see if Twelve had noticed his knee jerk reaction but the younger boy is too busy shaking like a leaf and hugging a very petrified Lisa, so he leaves them to that and closes his eyes to the images on screen. With his luck, when he wakes up, the movie will be over and he'll tuck both of them into bed.

What feels like seconds to him passed, before something is nudging his calf.

Nine snorts.

Twelve had fallen asleep with his arms around Lisa's left arm, and wouldn't let go no matter how hard the girl tugged. "H-Help, Kokonoe! He's not letting go."

"Yeah, he's like that." He lets some sympathy drip into his voice as he stretches and shuts the TV off. Lisa tries to tug her arm back as Nine cleans up, fluffing the pillows on the couch back to their state and throwing Twelve's empty ice cream carton in the recycling before washing his spoon.

Lisa is pleading at him with her eyes. "A-Arata..."

"...Why don't you spend the night on the couch?" When the girl's jaw drops, he takes the blanket and drapes it around her. He can't wink, so he settles for a smirk, before running to his room. "'Night."

"K-K-Kokonoe!"




Angst
Chapter Notes
well. i haven't been updating much but ill be releasing a reincarnation au on the day ZnT ends. school is starting for me so im not sure about updates but bear with me guys. I'll alternate between updating this one and 'we live in different lives' since I found a plot for it. thank you so much for you kind comments; it makes me cry.
so i wrote some angst

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"...no..."
He runs forward, abandoning his laptop and barking into his headset for Twelve or Lisa to answer. Ducking into the room, he winces as bullets sprayed the area where his head occupied moments ago. Nine spots two lumps, and the air in his lungs whooshes out.

One of the lumps shifts a little, and then he's darting forward and pulling his own gun out to aim. Somehow, they all fall and he runs to Twelve and Lisa, frantically checking their pulse as his brain works overtime to calculate how much danger they're in. They're alive. He shifts both of them onto his shoulders and runs out, hiding among the bushes for safety. 

He looks down and sees a dark liquid pouring out of his stomach. Writhing, he puts pressure on it and fights the haze pulling him down- wake up!

Nine blacks out.

 

He's aware of hot water streaming down on him the familiar stinging of antiseptic on bleeding wounds. Twelve's voice is so far away, but he forces his eyes open and sees Lisa, blurry and pale, washing the blood away from him.

"...yo..." Twelve greets. His smile is forced, and Nine know that's not a good thing. Twelve never looks strained. He's always smiling because of him- smiling to not make him worry. He looks down and sees his stomach exposed, with a needle and thread in Twelve's hands.

He wordlessly looks at Twelve for an answer.

"...you're lucky, Nine. Lucky."

He gives a grunt of pain as Twelve starts to stitch his stomach. His pain tolerance has always been fairly high, and he keeps his eyes on Lisa. "...look away."

She has tears rolling down her face. "I-I'm fine!" He can't see very well without his glasses but he knows that her face shouldn't have that many cuts on it. He watches her cry with blank eyes as Twelve finishes stitching him. The bath water is crimson red, with flecks of dried blood floating towards the bottom.

Twelve doesn't look so well. "...Lisa, can you...?"

She nods, sniffling and wiping her tears furiously. It's his cue to stand, and Nine heaves himself up, accepting the towel from Lisa and sitting on the toilet as she dries him and tend to his minor wounds. Sphinx Number Two comes back and drops a first aid kit to the girl, before leaving the bathroom with eyes that won't let light in again for a long time. 

Lisa is shaking like a sapling in the middle of a wind storm. She pats his shoulders and he watches with no interest as a water droplet travels from his chin down to his collar bones. Her hand pounces on the droplet and pats him with shaky control. She'll slip any day now, he studies her. Their life isn't filled with sunshine and rainbows, she should know better.

He doesn't budge when she grabs a fresh towel and pats his head, rubbing each lock of hair until he starts to feel his strands puff from the humidity of the bathroom. Lisa bandages his cuts and applies salve to his bruises, before reaching his abdomen.

She starts to cry again.

"...why are you crying?" He doesn't understand. Twelve probably injected morphine into him before the younger boy started to stitch him up. He's fine now- out of all three of them, he has the worst injuries and he's alive. He's alive and breathing. With rest, he can go back to building up their firewalls and running. He'll shop again with Twelve and Lisa and Twelve will cause mischief and they'll have birthday parties on the rooftop while sitting on the floor eating cake. They're all alive, so why is she crying?

Fat tears rolls off her cheeks. Her eyes are bloodshot as she speaks. "Y-You...I'm s-so sorry! If I d-didn't come too late...H-Hisami wouldn't have g-gotten hurt! And- and you wouldn't get sh-shot! It's my fault! I-I..."

"...but I'm okay."

"You-you're not! None of you! H-Hisami is hurt too! And it- it's all my fault!" She wipes her tears and looks at him with utter devastation. "You should have left me here. I shouldn't have ran away..."

He breathes out, and stands to bring the girl into a hug. Lisa shatters and he closes his eyes. Such an unfortunate luck she has, to run into Twelve in the government building, then to run away and live with them. She only see them getting worse and worse. He must be a demon in human form- hurting others with no sense of why would he do it. Sadist. Sadist like Five. 

Her cries are muffled by his shirt, and Twelve comes back into the room, with a bandage across his cheek and a bruise blooming over his forehead. He looks at Nine wordlessly before joining the hug.

Somehow, three broken children are attracted to each other's pain. They banded together and they're repeatedly struck down, before rising up again. It's a never ending cycle of hurt and recover. Getting shot and healing. Of laughter and pain. 

How tragic.




Chapter End Notes
reincarnation au will be up by thursday morning-ish im hoping if i wake up early enough at 7 AM PDT (Pacific Daylight Time)


Sourire
Chapter Notes
i updated because my soul is empty and i have to study for bio and i dont want to

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Nine sips his water in the dark, his music in his ear the only thing keeping him from breaking down again.
Tonight hadn't been a peaceful sleep, especially coupled with taking care of Twelve with his broken leg, Nine feels like a truck had run over him, before u-turning and squishing him again. Teaching the little kids how to float had nearly reduced his patience to a crumbling tower before he took a much needed break and dunked his head in a cold bucket of water.

He turns his head when a door opens. Lisa rubs her eyes, a cowlick sticking up behind her head as she looks at him tiredly. "Dreams?"

This would be the second time this happened. "More or less." He hands her the mug dubbed as hers and goes to the rooftop, where the cold wind whips his bangs around. Lisa joins him on the ratty lawn chairs before looking up at the moonless night.

"What do you always listen to?"

He wordlessly hands her an earbud and taps on the first song on his list. Nocturne No. 2 in E minor, Chopin. Divenire, Einaudi. Outdoor, Cacciapaglia. Gymnopedie no. 1, Satie. Is, POP ETC and Yoko Kanno. Maraige d'amour, Clayderman. And the list goes on and on and on.

When they get to La Campanella, Lisa turns to him, eyes bright. "Oh-" she says breathlessly, "I know this!"

"I do too." The start is quiet and delicate before it turns harsh. It reminds him of Twelve, bright and light before there is something he wants to protect. When there is something though, Twelve will see to be deadly. They're not weak anymore after all. Except he is. "Do you ever wonder 'what if'?"

She looks at him as an acoustic version of Birden plays soothingly between them. "'What if'?"

He nods, mind somewhere in the depth of his memories during the first years of their lives. "Twelve started it. "What if we have enough money to take music lessons?" I'd play the violin...Twelve'd play the piano. "What if you let me eat cream pastires for a week?" I told him the pastries will be locked up in a box with a 28 digit code he has to break."

She laughs, before they look at the buildings. Most of them are dark, with the exception of the hospital filled with nurses and doctors on night shifts. Tokyo's night life doesn't end, but the residential area where they are is dark. "...what if...this didn't happen?"

He stares at the fence preventing their laundry from flying off into the darkness. "...probably the same thing we're doing now. School...maybe we'd be in a club." Maybe they would have parents. Or a parent. Maybe Twelve would join the track team. Maybe Nine would join the robotics club if such thing exists in their school. They would be loved, brought up with a proper childhood instead of knowing grey. He would be in the university preparation course...maybe on his way to Tokyo U.

"What about you?" He directs the question to her. 

Lisa is quiet as they listen to a brief guitar riff. "...I like plants. M-Maybe I would learn about biology and plant things?"

He points to the corner of the rooftop where several pots and bags of soil and fertilizer sits beside an orange basketball. "Twelve and I kill plants, but you're welcome to plant some if you want." Planting would be economical, and it's a good way to get Twelve to eat more greens since it's the result of Lisa's back breaking work.... Yes. He likes this idea.

"Really?" Her face is radiating. He stretches and moves to the door, following after Lisa.

He grips the roof door, closing it behind him as he can hear Twelve's not subtle snore through the house. "Yeah. We'll make a day out of planting them."




Chapter End Notes
still trying to keep my head above biology 11/12 water. why did i take this class again. well. this was suppose to be for this weekend but the finale left me as a shivering wreck so why not. ZnT is...beyond my expectations, and it's just so heart wrenching and good overall i have really nothing to say about it other than why did twelve die- hE COULD HAVE LIVED. AND HE AND LISA COULD HAVE DONE THEIR OWN THING AND AaaAAHhhHHH


Career Path Questionnaire
Chapter Notes
it's very late and this is unedited because i want to get something up before i bury myself in homework.
writer's block sucks.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Nine sends her to school.
Twelve, with his fractured leg, wouldn't be able to join her, and someone needs to keep an eye on him so of course Nine had to stay home. But she doesn't have the slightest inkling to why he suddenly was adamant on setting her education to the right path when they've been absent from class for nearly two months. She shudders. Think of all the math she missed. All the homework and assignments and  tests -

She misses them.

Her teacher had said nothing, and at first, Lisa wonders if Nine had blackmailed her homeroom teacher into silence (because Nine can be scary when he wants to be). But she wished that her classmates are saying something to her- anything other than staring openly at her as if she was a zoo attraction.

She spends her break time in the class, plugging Nine's music player into her ears to drown out the mutters about her and to escape from the eyes.

After third block ends, she sees why Nine wants her to go to school.

In her hands, is a career path questionnaire.

 
 
"You need to graduate." He says stubbornly at dinner the same day, dumping some vegetables into Twelve's bowl. Lisa glares at the smudge of flour on Nine's face as he dishes out some eggs and tomatoes. "You can't be a part-timer. Work hours are hell and the pay is terrible."

"...I don't need school." It's true. As long as she knows how to do basic math and read, there was no need for knowing the difference between glycogen and glycerol. Her part time job at the community pool is enough. "I'm fine."

Twelve, who has been quiet this whole time Nine is scooping brussels sprouts into his bowl, speaks up. He looks serious. "Lisa, we want you to graduate."

"...what about you two?"

They both blink, before looking at each other. "...that's a good question." Nine mumbles. "We don't really need to go to class- the entrance exams to Tokyo U should be easy-"

"That's not fair!" Lisa slams her hands on the table. It's like they're both trying to shut her out! "If I'm going to school you're coming too!"

Then she huffily leaves her rice and slams her door shut, listening to the birds outside twitter.


Goddamnit
.


 
 
Nine is creative.

In the morning (of her second day back at school), he makes the fluffiest pancakes Lisa has ever ate and writes in strawberry compote, I'm sorry.

Then she sees that Nine is still in his regular clothes, and scrapes off the jam and stabs the pancakes with vigor before rushing out of the house to catch the train.

It hurts because they've been a trio up to this point- and Lisa doesn't want to go university without both of them coming along too. She has a feeling that she will need Nine's help in passing the entrance exams because she can't calculate angles if her life depends on it. In two months, she's been so used to living with them and being around them that now- here at school, it feels as if her soul is missing.

She studies the class.

Nine would be at the window seat, and Twelve... he would be in the middle. And Lisa should be at the back row near the door so she can make her quick escape.

Without biting into her sandwich, she knows that Twelve is the one who made it. The crust is all cut away nicely and her bread is shaped into a heart. Picky Twelve would surely ask Nine to cut up his crusts before consuming the bread.

She bites carefully into the ham and cheese, nearly choking when her tongue suddenly burns.

Jalapeno peppers.

 
 
Nine swears he doesn't know how jalapeno peppers got into Lisa's lunch, but he's glaring at Twelve as he says this.

Lisa brings her homework to and from school, struggling to keep her eyes awake as Twelve enjoys his movies while she encourages her brain to soak up the lesson like a sponge. Sometimes, she skips class since she can't focus. The rooftop is nice- the clouds are still fluffy and white.

She wants to chuck out her textbooks when Nine happens to be passing by. He points to a section of her formula and tells her she copied the question wrong.

See? How will she ever get past university without them? It's not that- she's having a hard time picking out a career.

Oh well. She always has been a procrastinator.

 
 
Twelve is cleared to walk again.

Of course the first thing he does is drag Nine and she to the parkour park. Lisa is better, but Nine tells her bluntly that she still resembles an elephant.

That night, after Twelve had fallen asleep on the couch, Nine hands her a letter.

He's been accepted to go to Tokyo U. Then behind it is a second letter, except that now it's inviting Twelve to come to their campus. Nine clears his throat uncomfortably. "Five...she...talked to the American government." He says this as if he doesn't believe it himself. The girl, after giving up and kissing Nine before fainting, had pulled some strings to the school governors. "We're...going to be there next year. Are you coming with us?"

Twelve is surprised the next day when he comes back from the hospital from his last checkup ("Five is fine! The doctors said that she'll make a full recovery!") and sees Lisa with a mountain of books around her.




Chapter End Notes
check out Hyacinth if you haven't! The flower shop/ tattoo shop AU is now one of my favorites to write
if you want to see a specific idea written for here, i'm all ears


The Nile
Chapter Notes
and im a horrible person for not updating sooner. iM SORRY.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Lisa wants to run.
"Stop looking at me like that."

It wasn't like she asked to be here- in a manicure salon place where there's attendants polishing and buffing her nails while multitasking on her feet as well. When the doorbell rang that morning, she expected the pizza man to come since Twelve had the strangest urge to have pizza for breakfast. And since Nine is crashing on the couch after dealing with Twelve's hospital bills, Lisa thought why not?

Of course. That was until she realized it was Five who was by the door.

"...Why did you bring me here?" Her voice is not shaking, really. It's on the border of nervousness and paralyzing fear since the American woman is leaning back on the leather chair like a queen who can crush her without batting an eye. Lisa begins to fret. What if Nine found out? What if Nine decided to cut off the electricity supply to this place while Hisami breaks in? Five had tugged her out the door with a quick promise to bring "The object of your affections, Twelve," back in perfect condition before leading her to a sleek car.

And now they're spending a day at this spa place where Lisa would need two month's pay to be able to afford a manicure.

"I'll tell you later." The American says coolly, cucumbers replacing where her eyes should be. "Do stop fidgeting- they're trying to do their job."

Lisa grits her teeth, before breathing out and murmuring all the formulas she needs to know to pass the Tokyo U exam like a mantra.

 
"What's your relationship to them?"

Her spoon stops centimeters from her mouth. They're eating lunch, halfway done into the spa session. Lisa's face is burning from the earlier facial and she's sure that her pores are red. Five is looking like she's analyzing which way is best to eliminate her. "I said, what's your rela-"

"I heard you the first time." She clarifies. "And I...I was adopted by them?" They didn't really gave her a choice, but then again, she wouldn't be here if it weren't for the duo. 

"...You're living with them? In that dingy place?"

Lisa feels a need to defend their apartment. It's not that small, nor dirty. "It's not dingy. It's pretty clean." She can vouch for it. After all, they do clean it everyday. And Nine hates dust bunnies since he has the worst allergies to them. "But why did you bring me here?"

"To study you."

Lisa scowls. Her last run in with the sadistic savant is still fresh in her mind. She was about to retort when the hostility disappears from Five's features. Without her cocky smile or smirk, Five looks...nearly approachable. "Truly...why is Twelve interested in you?"

Ouch.

Lisa chooses to gaze out the window at the busy streets and the red tower a distance away. Five is still looking at her, she's sure, and Lisa is fighting her hardest to control the heat creeping up her neck. "I-I don't know what you're talking about."

A snort. "You may have the worst reflex on Earth, but you can't be this stupid." Her bluntness reminds her of Nine. "What does he see in you, really? He was such a crybaby back when we were at the Settlement."

Her mouth turns dry when she mentions Settlement. "...what...was he like?"

"...quieter." Five finally says after a long pause. The American raises her cup. "Cried a lot. Raised a fuss every time we got tested. Nine took him under his wing even though we know the last thing we need is to protect another person other than ourselves. I shared my desert with him, and he was in my class- genuis level. More so than Nine." Five puts the cup back. "He was less dysfunctional, but we all were back then.... He's the most human out of all of us." 

"...the Savant Children..."

"Shouldn't exist, but Japan was desperate." Five murmurs darkly. "Japan wanted power again after Hiroshima. Imagine if those two really did blew up the world- America would certainly use it to their hand. But that's not I'm here for today. Twelve. How do you feel about him?"

"Did he put you up to this?"

"No. This is for my interest only." 

Lisa doesn't like how the first time she goes out with a friend her own gender she's forced to talk about boys, as if she doesn't have the examination looming ahead of her. "I...um...he...is nice?"

Five rolls her eyes dramatically. "You're in the Nile."

"...pardon?"

The talk ended apparently, since Five then ignores Lisa to hum London Bridge is falling down.

 
Lisa returns home safely in one piece, as per Five promised, and when she opens the door, Twelve pounces on her with a big hug like he's been waiting behind the door for her return as Nine frowns whilst tapping his foot.

She's whisked away to the dining table where Nine has made her favorite, but doesn't miss the glare the two give each other.

 
 
 
 

"...you told her a pun. The Nile. Denial. Really?"

"It's better than your chemistry joke."




Chapter End Notes
eventually five is gonna hit off with lisa but i expect lisa wouldn't like five at first.


Starting Over
Chapter Notes
I'm so sorry for not updating sooner. There's just stuff I had to deal with concerning my personal life and school and it took me a while to get back into the swing of things like AO3. I'm going to finish this story around probably the 29th chapter or so. Maybe 28. But yeah, really sorry I haven't been updating this month :C

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The doorbell rings on a particularly grey Wednesday that signal the start snow and darkness coupled with frozen toes and times spent huddled under the afghan. Nine looks up from his laptop in surprise, ear buds dropping from their place on his ear lobes and nearly demolishing a cup of tea Twelve had set in front of him a few hours ago.
"Did you order something?" Goes Twelve's voice, as the doorbell chimes through the house again. Lisa usually has a key with her, but she's been known to lose them. Nine squints at the clock, it isn't time for her to come home yet. The Schwarzenegger movie on the TV is paused.

"No. Did you order something?" Kreutzer is crooning softly from his earbuds.

"I did. Lisa's present. But I just ordered that last night." Twelve army crawls to the peephole with the blanket draped around his shoulder as Nine looks back to the laptop. There's a click of the door that signals the opening of the door. Maybe Lisa ordered some university materials-

"Five?!"

 
Lisa quickens her pace as she speed walks from the station to the apartment. It's barely the third week of November and the sky is pitch black. The lights behind her grows in distance as she continues toward the directions of the blocks of apartment and small corner stores. She doesn't notice the black car quietly idling a few blocks away, nor does she see Clarence hiding behind a bush like a peeping tomcat. She passes the neighborhood's residence cats that brushes their tails on her ankles before stepping into the house.

There's a tool box near the furnace in the garage, along with the empty space where Twelve's motorcycle used to be. When she gets to the door that connects the garage to the actual house, she stops, and looks down.

Black Mary Janes.

As she steps through the door, three things are apparent. Nine is wearing a new navy sweater with the words Tokyo U on the front. Twelve has tied the afghan around his shoulders like a cape, and Five has a few boxes in her hands, all wrapped in Christmas wrapping.


It's too early for Christmas,
 she thinks.


Oh, and they're also staring at her.

Bless Twelve, because he runs up to her, nearly tackling her as he grabs her heavy backpack off her frail shoulders. The backpack slips off his grip and lands painfully loud on the hardwood, and Lisa wonders if she's intruding on something when Five rolls her eyes and says in a not-really-kind voice, "Here. Merry early Christmas or whatever you want to call it."

"U-Um. T-Thank you?" There's an envelope, with a card on the inside written in English. There's one line, "Merry Christmas." and a loopy signature that resembles a chicken scratch. Nine steers her to the couch and asks Five if she wants a drink. As the American icily agrees, Lisa opens the box to box reference guides that promises an easy entry to university along with a bundle of essay questions.

She doesn't know if this is a joke or not, but there's a book on the bottom of the pile on how to parkour.

Twelve howls with laughter before Nine stifles him. "Why the sudden presents, Five?" Nine looks distinctly uncomfortable as he tries to pat his hair into order- Twelve must have shoved him in the sweater then.

"Oh, you know," Five waves an airy hand. "I'm going back tonight. Thought I'd give something before I leave."

"You're leaving? Tonight?" Twelve gasps.

"In four hours." Five adds. "I have to continue my research."

There's agitation in Nine's voice when he says, "What about your health?" His shoulders are so tense Lisa can see the muscles quiver. Somehow, the soft piano oozing out from the laptop doesn't fit the mood- no matter how angry Beethoven felt.

Five, who's blowing her manicured nails, ignores him. "An easy pass to university. I'm giving you both a chance to start over. You realize what you can do right? The police's starting to lose hope in Shibazaki. Once two years pass, Tokyo will forget about Sphinx."

"We don't need your presents."

"Compensation." Five harshly bits out. "The American government will push this behind us. Clarence and I will leave and never come back. Not everyone has a second chance to start over Nine- either you take it or throw it away."

"But-"

"Do you want to start over?"

Nine looks murderous. "You chased- hunted us down! You nearly killed Lisa! And now you're giving us presents?!"

There's a tug on her elbow, and Hisami quickly leads her out of the house and to the garage, where their breaths turn to white smoke. There's a set of stools near the workbench where a blowtorch is still cooling. Lisa watches as he shoves the two chairs together and coaxes her to his side.

"...I'm sorry you have to see that." He starts, humming quietly before noticing the cold air and throwing the afghan around both of their shoulders. "Nine's color just got darker and darker. Figured you wouldn't want to be in the room when he starts spitting out black."

Lisa just watches the dust motes fly, "...Five...she seems to be closer to Nine."

"I came to the institute after both of them. I shared a bunk bed with Nine. Five's still the same after all these years. We have test where we were given power to a number of small chicks. We can do anything we want to them. Nine fed his everyday of course- even bathed them one by one. Five just fed them before drawing them. One day, one of her chicks died and the others were ignoring it. Five just sat there for a whole afternoon looking at the dead bird."

There's a hiss of anger from inside the house, before she hears a stream of English curse words. 

"The scientists thought she enjoyed studying the dead bird. It wouldn't made a difference anyway- we're deranged. Crazy. There's something wrong inside of us." Twelve releases a deep sigh that makes it seem like he's breathing out a long white serpent. "Guess not having a normal childhood impacts who you are."

"I'm sorry to hear that..."

They both watch the dust settle onto the surface of the floor. "Well, starting over would be nice, I think. You started over too, didn't you? With us."

"I guess so." She says. "...it feels good to start over. Really good." It took a while for Nine to warm up to her, but they're a family now. Family.

Twelve smiles, before the door opens and Nine pokes his head out, looking much calmer. "You can come back in."

"Finally! I'm freezing!"

After bounding in and retaking off her shoes, the air is still crackling with tension. Five clears her throat. "My offer still applies. Take it or leave it." Lisa notices how small her back is when she opens the door, crouching to slip on her shoes when the American turns to look back at them. "...I am sorry."

Then she leaves, door closing behind her. Chopin is now crooning through the speakers, and Lisa looks towards the kitchen in hopes that one of them prepared dinner.

"Nine, what did you say to her?"

Sphinx Number One tugs the hem of his sweater. "...Stuff. Somehow she's able to pull all these strings for us."

"She's a good person. You just can't see it." Twelve beams. "You two talked, yeah? Are you gonna start over?"

A long pause fills the air as Lisa takes out her textbooks before laying them on the dining room table. It's swamped in her homework anyway, so a few textbooks won't make much of a difference. Five's present is on her chair. Nine's voice cuts through the air. "...I did think about it... she is sorry- sorry about Lisa and the airport and things. She took it too far."

Twelve comes in carrying a pot of hot pot broth sloshing in the container. He winks at Lisa. "I think it'd be a good idea to start over, don't you think?"

Nine juggles all of the meats and vegetables on two big plates. After he puts them down, he reluctantly opens his mouth. "...starting over is good."

"WOOHOO!"




Chapter End Notes
what do you guys think of a ZnT secret santa thing? Or maybe a gift exchange? This fandom needs a bit of love, I think.


Baubles
Chapter Notes
and iM ALIVEE. im so excited for christmas you all have no idea how excited i am okok twelve would totally be one of those people who replace their halloween decoration on nov 1st am i right or am i right?
Im totally not drowning in english class what are you talking about- nope nope nope

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"What is Kokonoe thinking about?"
Twelve shrugs as he walks Lisa to the train station every morning. It's still dark when she leaves the house to attend school, so they agreed to accompany her. Twelve doesn't mind really, since well, it's Lisa. If Murphy's Law states that anything can go wrong, anything can go wrong.

So, you know, it's a good idea. Not that he's trying to spend more time with her or anything- "Hisami?"

"Wha- Oh. Nine? He's just thinking." He shivers. If he's wearing pants and shivering then he pities Lisa for wearing the school uniform. These days, they see Nine bumble around the house, washing the same plate for ten minutes, over feeding the fishes, tinkering with the boiler too long... "He doesn't like change. We've been following this path for so long that it must feel alien to him. Nine will get over it."

They hurry across a crosswalk before Lisa turns to face him, her back to the entrance of the train station, face illuminated by the streetlamps and neon boards overhead. How can there be so much concern in her- "But what about you? Are you okay?"

He shoots her a reassuring smile. "Of course I'm okay!" Twelve waves and watches her go into the train, before speedily walking to the post office to get a very special package he has been waiting for.

 
 
"It's not even December yet."

"I know."

"And you ordered a Christmas tree."

"I did."

"Twelve, it's not Christmas- it hasn't even been snowing!" Nine flings his arms up into the air into a little hissy fit. There's a smudge of oil on the side of his cheek from all the tinkering in the boiler room since he (accidentally) shut off the heating system last night, and woke up seeing his own breath condense. Now Twelve comes home with a huge box of Christmas decorations and Nine knows that Twelve saw the moment his face fell because think of the electricity bill this month.

The younger boy pouts. "I'm going back to work!"

To which Nine responds icily, "And Lisa is taking time off work because of studying."

"You can cover her shift." Twelve says in all seriousness, stopping momentarily to vibrate on the spot. There's a little manic glint in his eyes. "Or did you forget that you wanted to start over?"

"...Not now, Twelve." Nine looks away, shoving his hands into the warm boiler and tightening one of the screws. He pushes back the cord around his wrist so it doesn't get dirty. "I promised, but I don't...feel like I want to do anything about it yet." He could and should get a job. University is expensive, and even though they are self proclaimed geniuses, no one can depend of a full ride of entrance scholarship for a semesters' worth of full classes. 

He hears Twelve sigh and can imagine the disappointment spreading on Sphinx Number Two's face.  "...okay." The footsteps eventually fade, before Twelve's voice floats to his ears. "You know...Five wants the best for you."

And perhaps that's why Nine feels so guilty.

 
 
Lisa unlocks the door, shoulders aching from her heavy bag and nose dripping before she stops on the foyer and looks up at the lights stringed on the walls. Maybe she went into the wrong apartment, because surely Nine would flip tables over the amount of lights (is that miniature Christmas tree in the fish tank) in the room. In fact, the lights are all connected to all the rooms that she can see two figures knocked out at the couch, one breathing loudly with his feet on the others' lap.

"I'm back." She whispers, shutting the door quietly. 

The taller figure on the couch suddenly bolts up like a possessed person when the door shuts. She shrieks. Nine lurches up. Twelve is unceremoniously dumped onto the floor and hits the corner of the table before whining as Nine runs up to Lisa, clasping a hand to shush her.

"Sahhwhhh." Lisa mumbles, "I...was surprised."

Nine rubs the back of his head, strands of hair prominently sticking up from being pressed on a pillow. He goes into the kitchen to dig into the freezer for some frozen corn. "It's alright, I should apologize- I'm jumpy. Here, Twelve- oh, get over it. It's not red."

With the bag of corn on his head like a beanie, Twelve is all chirpy. "How's school? Do you like the decorations? We only did the lights- Nine pressed the switch and BA BAM! Instant brightness! We also have a tree, but I want to put the tree together with the three of us!" His arms is excitedly jabbing to a corner of the room next to Nine's dark corner where a small box is residing all by its lonesome.

Before she escaped, Christmas is just another day where she would curl up on her bed, ignoring her mother's persistent calls. Maybe she would feel sorry for herself and go out for a few hours, but the streets are cold and it turns pitch black around four. How many years have she spent her Christmas all by herself in her miserable room, mindlessly playing on her phone with the town shining like a beacon? It used to be brighter before dad left, but now it's all dark, dark, dark.

And here she is, living with a pair of terrorists, one with a bag of corn on his head and one with a smudge of oil and bedhead. They're wanted by the police, but they're also her age, and she's sure by the way Twelve is taking out the plastic tree limbs that this is their first time building a tree. Lisa watches as Nine carefully takes the baubles out and lays them carefully on the tree skirt before counting them. 

"Lisa!" Twelve turns, two plastic limbs in his hand, "Don't just stand there! Help me out!"

And so she rushes forward to join them.




Chapter End Notes
speaking of christmas, do you guys want a secret santa thing?


Guard
Chapter Notes
-procrastinates as long as i can on bio because i can-   thinking of wrapping this story up in the next one or two chapters...

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Do you want to start over?"  

 



 



 



 


It's been nearly a week ever since Five showed up and left. Twelve received his new motorcycle permit, and is constantly bugging poor Lisa about which designs she likes best because her opinion is just that important to him, Nine scoffs. He knows Lisa's not as bright as them, but she must know something's up.

That or Five's apathetic tendencies rubbed off her faster than he'd expected.

Or she's studying.

Which is why he's still up, screw insomnia, because he also needs to catch up on several months' worth of classes and homework. The boiler is humming pleasantly in the background as Twelve snores from their shared bedroom. He tucks his legs on his chair, grumbling about the chill as Lisa giggles softly.

Late night study sessions aren't so bad.

"...Nine? How do you do this question...?" To which he would say, give it here, look at it for one second, and talk her through the steps of it. Lisa would suddenly get the light bulb moment, and thanks him twenty times before attacking the next set of questions with vigor, or until her mug of tea grows cold and she stands up for a break. It's the way they leave one light on and the quiet humming of the heating system that comforts him. If someone were to say to him that within two months of Lisa moving he that he would be comfortable, he'd shut the door on their face.

"What's wrong?"

He's been staring at the same page for too long, and looks up to Lisa's dark circles and steam coming from the two mugs in her hands. There may be the barrier of his laptop screen blocking them, but he sighs before inhaling the scalding milk. It burns a path through his body, and he watches the snow fall outside as he gathers his thoughts.

"I'm wary." He says, twirling a pen.

"Of Five?" Damn. Twelve must have told her during their morning walks. No wonder he was grinning when he brought the Christmas package home. Lisa puts her cup down, liquid sloshing around as she gently stirs it with a spoon. "What is there to be wary of?"

Then his mouth is running. "Because Five is never docile. She's dangerous and she can't be trusted. You saw what she did to you- what Clarence did. Lisa, she was ready to blow up the airport just for her selfish reason! I know we're all not normal but Five! She's!-" He clamps his jaws shut and glares at his hands, the scar on his back twinging sharply. "I know I agreed that we can turn a new leaf...but does Twelve not honestly think she's playing with us again?"

Lisa is silent for a good amount of time before she picks up her pencil. "I don't know what he thinks, but he genuinely wants you to be comfortable.... You both are guilty, but you never wanted to hurt people."

"But it's Five."

"I think," Lisa cuts in, "that you just don't want to accept the fact that she has given up her chase on you."

"That's because..." He watches as Twelve's side rises and lowers. "I'm suppose to protect Twelve."

 

  

 

"I understand."

He wants to sarcastically say, do you really? but Lisa is holding his gaze with the weight of the world. It never came to him until now that she's a different person than the girl who had fainted at their doorstop five months ago. It's strange- no, it's sad to see her change so much from the bumbling girl to the one right in front of him. Right here, right now, he doesn't see the frail girl who had flinched at his every word.

He sees her as one of them, and perhaps that's the heart breaking thing.

He's aware of himself saying, "Alright." but the word doesn't settle well on his tongue. It's proclaiming his defeat, and Nine refuses to back down.

Lisa soon retires to bed before peeping at the window and telling him that the snow is already piling up heavily. By the frown on her face he knows she's thinking about the trains that will be delayed in three hours, and reassures her Twelve will probably carry her to school if she asks him. He's met with a pout.

And so it's just his laptop and him. Textbooks discarded around in a semi circle as the boiler continues to hum, and Nine guards the house like he always has done before Lisa stepped into their lives. 




Chapter End Notes
it has come to my attention that theres znt week. except i have concerts all this week so i can't -bawls- maybe ill write something super fast during the weekend and post it? but aghhh i really wanna do this CONCERTS WHY


All I Want For Christmas
Chapter Notes
I know it's way too early for a Christmas fic but I'm swamped with bio and english and other upcoming stuff for christmas. And yes, you read correctly. Chapter 30/31. I'm wrapping this story up sometime before new years.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It's like her morning ritual now.
Wake up, greet Nine and Twelve, jam her slippers on her feet, run to the table and check if there's any acceptance letter with her name written on it. Lisa knows letters aren't suppose to come this early but she's anxious and Nine has been complaining that she's worse than Twelve after 4 shots of espresso. In reality, all the letters she sees on the table are their bills that are directly addressed to Nine.
This morning, Nine yawns from his corner, already flipping through a driving book. "Mornin'"
"Morning. Is there any mail?" She has taught herself not to get her hopes up.
Nine actually turns around to face her this time. "Actually. There's an envelope today."
And she dives for the table, searching for her name desperately, because why is there so many damn envelopes addressed to Nine are these Five's love confessions or- SHE FOUND IT.
Her palms are sweaty on the paper, and she feels the unsteady thumps in her heart. All her hard work of cramming all those stupid textbooks all come down to this moment. The letter paper is thick and foreign and has a fancy stamp and she's sure there's someone behind her shoulder as she slowly tears the flap open.

"Dear Ms. Mishima,


We sorry to inform you that you are on our waiting list. We will send you another letter if you are accepted. Sorry for our inconvenience."

 
 
 
They're shoveling snow off from the rooftop garden so they can hang the laundry when Nine reassures her she will get in. Lisa knows he's trying to console her, but it's not working and she'd rather not think of her letter right now, because it's making her question all the answers she wrote for that entrance exam. She gives him a glare, before storming off with, "You're already accepted!" over her shoulders.
Twelve skirts around her this whole week and leaves her to her own space, before casually asking her if she has a Plan B or not. The answer she gives him is blunt and no, she doesn't have a Plan B, and in retrospect, she should have had one, but it's already too late. Even applications to nearby colleges are closed already.
There's always the pool job.
Needless to say, Nine makes all her favorite dishes for breakfast the next morning (where she checks for a letter addressed to her, and finds none).
A couple of days passed, and Nine grimaces when Twelve hands him a postcard from Five, who seems to be moving back again to further expand her studies in Tokyo U. Not that Lisa was eavesdropping or anything. Definitely not. The thought concerns her, though. Wasn't Five already a scientist? What was the American government up to by sending Five back to Japan?
Apparently Nine is thinking the same thing, because when they're all cooking for Christmas dinner tomorrow with the radio blasting cheesy music, Nine is drawing diagrams of his plans on a baking sheet they filled with mashed potatoes. He's currently rambling as Twelve cleans the turkey. "-should I hack into the government database and reject her visa? Or I can transfer her to another branch of university. Maybe I can direct her flight to another country on the last minute-"
"Think of all the angry passengers."
"I'll reject her visa then." Twelve slaps Nine's hands away from the mashed potatoes and shoves the pan into the oven.
"Relax."
Nine just scowls.
 
 
 
The day she's been waiting for has finally come.
After Twelve dragged them to Shibuya after a very nice Christmas, they come back armed with sales, and the postman had shoved a few letters into their mailbox.
They don't even wait. Twelve takes them out of the flap, brushing the snow from the envelope. One of them is another postcard from Five (cue Nine groaning as he takes off his grey scarf- that Lisa knitted thank you very much), and the other one is the same envelope she's been dreaming of.
Hastily, she opens the envelope and reads the letter with shaking hands. The wind is blowing her bangs over her eyes.

"Dear Ms. Mishima,


We are happy to inform you that you are now off the waiting list for Tokyo University. Congratulations on entering. Please fill out the attached class and dorm application and send them in by January."

 
 
There's a loud whoop from the side of her head, and the next thing you know a very sturdy something rams into her and pushes her into the snowbank. "YOU GOT IT!"
His yelling disturbs the nearby birds on the electrical line like white cloth pins on their laundry line. "I got in!"
Nine is hopelessly dragged to the snow pile with a fierce tug from Twelve. The Scrooge snarls as Twelve picks her up before swinging her around like she's a little kid, shopping bags forgotten in the moment. Out of the corner of her eyes, she sees Nine brush snow from himself, wearing a small smile. Twelve stops swinging her, and lands her squarely on her feet. "I'm so HAPPY for you!" He says, with a manic grin- the sort of grin she sees on him more often now.
Then she's laughing again, before a soft ball of snow hits her back and Twelve is tackling Nine into the snow.
And perhaps this is the best Christmas she's gotten in a long, long time.



Chapter End Notes
HAve a merry christmas and happy holidays. don't push people into snow banks unless you live in toronto and have three feet of snow to cushion you.


The End
Chapter Notes
ohmygod i can't believe this is the last chapter -starts to bawl- thank you for everyone's support! This chapter is dedicated to all of you!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Before she knows it, the Christmas decorations are packed up, Nine seemingly pleased with himself when she and Twelve took down the big tree and stored all the ornaments inside their boxes. After that, New Years passed in a blink of an eye, where they went to Meiji Shrine and ate soba. And as the weather warmed, the saplings outside their houses buds and then the cherry blossoms came. The roads are covered with mottled pinks and she watches from her designated chair as Nine plucks the petals from their laundry. 

Like how she used to take care of Nine when Twelve ran errands, the latter is doing the same job, handing her a cup of steaming tea even though she still has half a cup left. "Graduation is near, isn't it?"

She nods, taking a break from typing an email to Tokyo U for the class registration. "Both of you are coming, right?"

"Of course! The diplomas aren't going to walk to our house." Twelve airily says, watching Nine walk in. A strong breeze whooshes in and Lisa chokes on her tea because Sphinx Number One looks like he's stepping off the set of a low budget anime- cherry blossoms fluttering around him and that. "Nine, how are we going to go to Tokyo U? Are we staying at the dorms?"

That got her attention. "Dorms?" She fusses, "do we have enough mo-"

"I got all the budget under control." Nine waves her concerns away. This isn't the first time Lisa feels a tinge of guilt for burdening all their life expenses to him and expect him to whip his calculator from his pocket. His skin is still pale- although if they were in a competition she would still win in that aspect- and like her, his tired eyes bears the fruits of his labor.

"Thank you...."

He just ruffles her hair before dragging a reluctant Twelve with him to sort their laundry.

 
"We're moving."

The news came unexpectedly during dinner that Lisa thinks she's starting to hear things when Twelve's jaw drops, and rice is suddenly flying everywhere. "WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE'RE MOVING?"

"Well, we have to. You can't wake up at 4 everyday to take the train to Tokyo Station and then bus from there. Not in the snowstorm." Lisa is slowly chewing since she bit her tongue in the process, and calmly picks up her spoonful of rice and fish. "We'll go apartment hunting this weekend- I need to pick something up anyway."

For the rest of the dinner Twelve is silent, and the tension in the room can be cut with a butter knife. Nine escapes to mail their bills and Lisa joins Twelve as his glazed eyes follows Mako disabling the Spirit Vine with lightning.

"...I can't believe we're moving...." He sounds like a lost child. Then, "I can't believe he didn't tell me!"

She grimaces. 

 
Nine wakes them up at the crack of dawn, and Lisa doesn't know what's sad, the fact that the sun is already shining or the fact that she's used to waking up at the ungodly hour of 7 AM. Reviving Twelve required black coffee, so they stopped at a nearby coffee shop in the station before boarding the morning Tokaido Shinkansen.

They get off at Tokyo Station, and Nine pulls a piece of paper, before slowly rotating 360 degrees. He looks up at the sun, and sets off in a direction Lisa thinks is sure is random. "N-Nine...are you sure you know the way?"

Twelve yawns, "He got us out of the Settlement- I'd trust him with his built in compass." They go to a nearby ward- Chiyoda, and Nine leads them around blocks of residential houses and dorms until Lisa sees a small sign that says, "Renting" with a phone number.

They go into the apartment, greet the realtor, look around, talk about the rent and monthly utility fee and then go out in the spring afternoon. And that repeats for another four houses in Chiyoda, five in the neighboring Shinjuku, and two in Chuo. By the end of it all Twelve looks like he's ready to pass out and Lisa sorely wishes she brought a few of her cram books with her.

Complying to the looks of immense hunger around him, Nine ushers them into a ramen booth and Twelve is resurrected from the dead. "Eleven houses, Nine. Eleven. Please tell me you at least like one of them." Twelve scoops out all the crab meat in his bowl and spoons it into Nine's. "What about the fourth one we saw in Chiyoda? Lisa, do you like it? What do you think-"

Nine holds up a hand and points at his noodles. "Eat."

Pout.

 
They stagger in at ten at night, catching the last train before stopping at a convenience store because Nine has a great urge to buy bleach. "The fourth and fifth one are the best I think," Twelve prattles as they collapse on the couch, Nine going into the laundry room to drop off his bleach before going to the table where all the mail is. "They're close to the university, and we get two bedrooms, and there's a spiral staircase and rooftop-"

The rest of his sentence is drowned out by Nine's screaming.
 

"Nine, Twelve, and Mishima,


I will be returning to Japan in two week's time. I'm going to be staying with you- yes I know you all got into Tokyo University- and will be attending Tokyo U as a guest speaker before teaching. Do not mock my teaching, Nine.



Pick me up from Narita at 10 PM. Terminal 2.



Five
."


 

"She's coming here!-"

"-K-Kokonoe calm down!-"

"-Why is she living with us?!-"

"-Oh this is going to be so fun-"

"TWELVE!"

 
None of them really got any sleep that night. Twelve runs out to buy an international phone card and Nine resumes his old ways and manages to find Five's cellphone number. Nine has his phone pressed against his ear for the majority of the night, only falling asleep when Lisa excuses herself to go to school.

They pick the fourth apartment and Nine comes back that day with a key. They celebrate, before Sphinx Number One remembers that he now has to make three spare keys instead of two.

The inevitable comes and they start to pack up. Nine's electronics go in one box and Twelve carefully folds the sheets before packing them. Lisa looks mournfully at the view from their rooftop and spots the corner where Nine once comforted her. She goes in and is pelted by the memories of the place- the couch, where Nine had gotten sick, the living room, where they danced, the garage, where she can hear Nine and Five arguing. It comes in a blur and she goes to the kitchen where Nine is wrapping their plates with newspaper.

"Hey."

"Hi." She joins him and takes half of the newspapers, grabbing a set of bowls. 

The only sound that emits from them is the scrunching of newspapers and packing tape being torn. The cabinets are slowly emptied and Lisa doesn't realize her eyes watering until her nose starts to leak and she wipes it off with her wrist as Nine says, "Remember?"

He's holding up a familiar pot, and she wryly smiles. 

"I know not to put Pocky into curry now."

Lisa hasn't heard Nine laugh in forever, but it sounds more carefree now.

 
Kokonoe Arata wasn't chosen as valedictorian because he skipped too much classes, and the same goes with Hisami Touji. Their graduating class is surprised when they both appear at the ceremony. Nine endures a long boring speech and follows through with the ceremony, standing up and walking forward when his name is called. His homeroom teacher glares at him but he doesn't meet her eye, opting to march back down and sit.

Their valedictorian sniffles through her speech and wishes them all the best luck, and they all bow.

It's a tight squeeze to go to the sides of the gym where Lisa and Twelve are, but he makes it and they come out into the sun.

Lisa watches the school for a while, swimming pool nearby before walking out of the gate and joining her family to go back. 

And like that, the trio disappears.

 
The rest of the day is spent loading all the boxes and moving the sofas and mattresses into a truck Twelve rented. Nine goes to the truck to count all the boxes and Lisa wanders into her room, walls bare and floor spotless. The apartment looks foreign with the lack of photos and clutter. She hears Twelve sniff from his room and comes out to the door when Nine shouts.

There's a key in his hands. "Let's go."

She takes her time putting on her shoes, lacing the boots so it's snug around her ankle before looking into the hallway and watching the sun beam into the room. The first time she saw the place was with it's dark hallways and Nine's cold attitude towards her before she fainted from her fever.

Nine is blinking a lot when he touches the doorway. The garage is filled with sunlight, and they watch as he locks up the place. 

It doesn't feel final until the lock slides into place.

 
Twelve decides to drive the rental truck to their new apartment, and Nine explains that he recently gotten his license and bought a pretty economical car that he hid behind Twelve's back because I'm not going to paint it neon yellow. The new car is a few years old, but Nine gets behind the wheel and Lisa is sure she likes his driving better than Twelve's. When they get to the new apartment, Twelve is jumping around the place at the prospect of a car and Nine refuses to give him the keys.

"You're no fun."

"Go unpack."

Nine helps them move the boxes into the rooms, and says in a very loud voice how Lisa and Twelve should unpack the kitchen box first since Five will be hungry when she comes. Twelve beams at him, and whisks Lisa away as Nine promises to return the rental truck. The look Lisa sends him was, is this really necessary?

Nine smugly smiles to himself as he returns with take out ("That's for later, Twelve."). He and Twelve moves the mattresses and sofa into place and rebuilds the coffee table and figures out the wires that will hook the TV to the VCR. Their neighbor, a petite girl named Haruka, drops in and gives them a welcoming present before enthusiastically shaking Lisa's hand and jabbering about Tokyo U and how she'll have a precious kouhai. 

When the beds are made and a few boxes littered around, Nine calls them to go into the car, and Twelve whoops, "SHOTGUN!" and fiddles with the radio as Nine maneuvers them around to Narita.

They stand around Terminal 2 and lounge at the seats. Twelve is talking to Lisa about having Five as her room buddy. They yawn at the same time and a fuzzy feeling sprouts from Nine's chest and he turns to look forward-

"Five."

"Hello." She says, in English. The smell of coffee clings to her and the American shoves off Twelve's advances of a group hug. Her white hair is full of static and Nine sees her make up smudged around her eyes. 

Like the gentlemen they are, he and Twelve take her luggage and allow Lisa to awkwardly bow and attempt small talk with the very tired American. Five seems less harsh around the edges as she responds to Lisa. "-plane took off at six in the morning and it had to stop at Taipei."

"T-That's a long flight."

"It is. Are you wearing some of my makeup I sent you?"

They walk towards the parking lot and Nine opens the trunk and hauls the suitcases in. "Y-Yes! Thank you for that!" 

Twelve happily says, "I'll sit in the back with Lisa!" Nine shoots him an acidic glare in return as he slides into the drivers seat. He starts up the car, and lets Five adjust the seat since her legs can't reach the floor before peeling back slowly and easing into the freeway.

Five makes pointless small talk as she jiggles out a bottle of nail polish. He snaps at her to put it away since the fumes will linger in the car. "Okay, okay, prissy pants- I'm putting it away. When did you get the car?"

"Last month. I didn't tell Twelve because he'd choose yellow cars over white." Cue Twelve kicking the back of his seat. "Oi, you're gonna clean that scuff mark."

"Rude." 

The traffic picks up and Nine eases the break and presses his foot on the accelerator, passing flashing billboards and streetlights that whizzes across his vision. He opens the windows a bit and breathes in the snappy cold air, relaxing in the driver's seat. Five's pale hands stretches forward and adjusts the interior mirror, and when he looks up at it, he sees Lisa's head on Twelve's shoulder, both of them sleeping.

"Hey."

"Hm?" 

"Thank you, Nine." He sees the corner of Five's mouth quirk up when they both see Lisa's hand link with Twelve's in the backseat. 

"You're welcome."




Chapter End Notes
wow. i finished it. i going through denial that it's finished. so yeah, it's done. shout out to crystal/updatedautopsy for making me do this HAHA 
i hope you enjoyed this! -bows-



Afterword


End Notes
Comments are appreciated! (:


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



