



Act Natural - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Act Natural
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11085336.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Bangtan Boys Ensemble
Additional Tags:
Semi-Public Sex, Accidental Voyeurism, Canon Compliant, Exhibitionism
Stats:

        Published: 2017-06-04
        Words: 6065
      

Act Natural
by orphan_account
Summary
A twenty hour flight and Taehyung claims he can't sleep. Jimin thinks he has the perfect solution for that-- even if it is a little risky.
Notes
For you, Libby. Enjoy.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Act Natural

There are two things in life Jimin is pretty sure he'll never get used to. One, flying across the world.  And two, being seated in first class. Their flight today is from Sydney, Australia to New York City, New York. Damn near twenty-one hours, starting at eight o'clock at night. They've worked all day doing various promotions; then straight from their last interview they headed over to the airport. It's fun but completely exhausting and they're all excited to sleep for as long as possible. The seats in first class are about double the size of the ones in standard seating. They're more comfortable, too, and have the option to recline backward at a more appropriate angle to sleep in. When Taehyung and Jimin share paired seats, they like to lift the armrests separating them and use both of their chairs like a makeshift bed. They need the space, Taehyung has a habit of moving quite a bit in his sleep-- even on airplanes that aren't even half as relaxing as a hotel room. During the first hour of the flight, everyone is still winding down. Taehyung and Jimin share a row with Jungkook and Namjoon sitting across from them, but facing them. Behind Taehyung and Jimin, Hoseok and Yoongi have paired up. Seokjin sits alone, sprawled out across from the two with his feet in the spare chair. He's already got his laptop out and his headphones in, laughing at whatever he put on his screen. Mindlessly, Taehyung watches Namjoon rummage through his bag for what feels like an eternity only for him to come up empty-handed and disappointed. He rolls his eyes and mumbles a curse under his breath before diving back into his bag. Taehyung isn't quite sure what he's looking for, and despite wanting to help, he's too tired to offer his services. Jungkook eventually notices Namjoon's struggle from the corner of his eye and asks. "I think I left my noise-cancelling headphones at the hotel," Namjoon mumbles, annoyance in his voice. He had just bought them; bright, pure white with his initials engraved into the bottom curve of them in silver. Jimin had bugged Namjoon to wear them for a week straight and he always refused. He was determined not to share them with anyone although he knows they all snuck a listen while he wasn't around. They had cost a lot of money too, but that wasn't why he was upset. More than anything, he just wanted them for the flight to help him sleep. "Damn it!" Immediately, Jungkook unplugs his headphones and offers them to Namjoon. "Use mine, hyung," he says gently. "They're not as good as your new ones but...they're soundproof too. I have extra ones in my bag." On any other occasion, Namjoon would refuse. He would insist that Jungkook keep his headphones and he'd just suffer through the flight musicless. But Namjoon had that look in his eyes. That look he gets when he's more mentally tired than he is physically. The type of tired he gets from being a leader and having to be involved in every little decision that's made about them. They all can tell he just wants to close his eyes for no less than eighteen hours and try to sleep the stress away. Gratefully, he takes Jungkook's headphones and promises to buy him even better ones when they land. "You don't have to, hyung," Jungkook is saying back to him as he looks through his bag for his second pair of headphones, but Namjoon already has his music going. He's as good as dead to the world for a while. Jungkook smiles softly to himself, just happy to help. Across the way, Taehyung taps Jimin's shoulder and offers him the other side of his headphones. Jimin accepts, just as he always does, and places the earbud. Taehyung doesn't have any music playing when Jimin finally gets the device comfortably in his ear. He looks down at Taehyung, who now has his head resting on his shoulder, and asks, "You sleepy?""No," Taehyung answers back. He's lying though. Jimin can tell. He can always tell. Although this time it was pretty obvious. His excitement and energy level had gone significantly down during the last interview and he was very quiet on the drive over to the airport. Jimin had tried not to stare, because he knows he often worries too much, but he just wanted to make sure Taehyung was just worn out and not sick or something. With a slow breath, Taehyung opens his phone and immediately brushes upward on his screen to close his messaging app. Jimin sees all the texts Taehyung is ignoring but doesn't comment on it. Taehyung has always had a lot of friends, and Jimin would be lying if he said he loved the idea of sharing him, but Jimin does like knowing he has a special place in Taehyung's heart. He takes pride in knowing Taehyung's attention is divided into two categories: Jimin Time and Everyone Else's Time. Right now it's Jimin Time, so everyone else will just have to wait.Taehyung is fantastic at a lot of things including making playlists. Jimin didn't catch the title of this one, but two slow and soothing songs played back to back and Jimin thinks this one has to be Taehyung's sleeping playlist. Cutting his eye downward to see more of Taehyung's face, Jimin's surprised to see his long eyelashes blinking slowly rather than resting just above his cheekbone, signaling he was asleep. John Legend is playing in the headphones now, Jimin recognizes the voice. He is one of Taehyung's favorite singers, so Jimin has made it a point to become more familiar with his music. He and Taehyung always learn each other's favorite songs, even if it doesn't fall directly into their immediate music interests. Over time Jimin has actually become really fond of a lot of the singers Taehyung has interest in. Most of them have deep, soulful voices and they remind Jimin of Taehyung in more ways than one when their songs come on shuffle.Gently, he nudges Taehyung's head and says to him over the music playing at a lower level, "Why don't you go to sleep?"Taehyung slides his finger downward on his phone, making the titles of the songs fly by on the screen. Way too fast for anyone to read, just something for him to do. Then he sighs and says, "Can't sleep. I'm trying." This happens to Taehyung sometimes. He gets restless like this, despite being completely exhausted from the schedule. Jimin can recall easily nights that Taehyung had laid awake beside him, trying hard to turn his brain off so he can sleep, but it not working. The problem is, Taehyung's brain is always working. Even when he doesn't want it to. His creativity continues to churn and his brain continues to work rapidly even at the worst times. And even after Taehyung falls asleep, most night's he's an active sleeper. He's got the award-winning combination of sleep talking and acting out his dreams every so often. Not much of a problem for him once he's asleep, but it was something Jimin definitely had to adjust to. Usually, the remedy to Taehyung's restless nights is a good old fashioned orgasm. Especially since it's easily a win/win situation for the both of them. Jimin gets to use the rest of his energy fucking Taehyung rough enough to, very literally, tire them both out. Taehyung gets the honor of letting himself be fucked and the end result is a world-rocking orgasm that drains him both mentally and physically. When it's over they both know they only have about fifteen minutes before they're both completely passed out sleep. But, Jimin doesn't exactly see that as an option here. Jimin knows they're both twenty-one and if there was ever a time to be completely daring with their sexual escapades it'd be at this point in life, but he isn't sure if they're quite ready to properly join the mile-high club. At least not completely. Because there's no one else in this section besides the group and the flight attendants. So if he and Taehyung disappeared into the bathroom together for twenty minutes it wouldn't even be suspicious, it'd be flat-out obvious. So that option is off the table, but what about--Jimin has an idea. He's full of ideas. Under Jimin's seat is a drawer compartment that he's familiar with from the last time they flew in this section. There are two heavy, quilted blankets inside. Under Taehyung's is a lighter, fluffier duvet that he places on top of the two quilted blankets. Thankfully, Jungkook takes out one of the blankets stored under his seat a few minutes after so they aren't the only ones with their bottom halves covered. Jimin presses the button on the side of his chair to make his legs elevate out and taps Taehyung until he does the same, matching his feet height with Jimin's. It's too warm, Taehyung thinks, to have three blankets piled on them like this. But he's not in the mood to tell Jimin otherwise. He doesn't want to argue. He knows Jimin gets cold easily, though, and tells himself that's probably the reason for the two extra blankets. He knows he'll probably take them off once he warms up, knowing Taehyung is usually pretty warm. Adjusting himself, Taehyung resettles his head on Jimin's shoulder just as Jimin's hand is resting on his thigh. Jimin whispers to him, "Just relax." The gesture is totally familiar to them. Jimin's hand is on his thigh often. Jimin's hand is just as likely to be on Taehyung's thigh in interviews as it is when they're alone. It's just their thing. It's what they do. A short-term fix for them not being able to be quite as close as they want to. Although there is no such thing as close enough for the both of them, they've discovered. And usually, Jimin's hand on Taehyung's thigh has a comforting aspect and intention to it. A touch that they've both learned to interpret as "It's okay, I'm here" or "Don't worry" or "We'll be alone soon" when the day is particularly long and they're both over being BTS' Jimin and V and just want to be Jimin and Taehyung for a while. But this time, the way Jimin's fingers are gripping into Taehyung's thigh every few seconds, is signaling something else. Something Taehyung's tired brain is convinced he's misinterpreting because it feels like Jimin's touch is screaming "I want you right now", which... can't be right, can it? Not with Namjoon-hyung right there, and Jungkookie right next to him, and the flight attendants that pass them every half hour to see if they need anything else. Jimin's touch is still naturally comforting, so Taehyung closes his eyes. He takes in a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Taehyung attempts to breathe out slowly but the breath hitches when Jimin's hand slides between his legs and hooks around his inner thigh a moment later. Jimin's hands, smaller than his but strong nonetheless, pull Taehyung's legs apart to give himself more room.Taehyung's eyes flutter open, keen to what Jimin is doing but still a bit shocked. The more active part of his brain his telling himself not to get hard because they're on a plane and two of their members are a few feet away but the primitive part of his brain and the natural response of his body feels that thought slipping away. With fingers tracing the stitching of the jeans covering Taehyung's inner thigh, he closes his eyes again. This time in order to focus on Jimin's hand and Jimin's voice. He whispers to him again, "Just relax," as his hand slides upward very deliberately over Taehyung's cock. Almost instantly, Taehyung's thigh muscles, which were tight a moment ago, begin to loosen up with the rest of him. Jimin watches Taehyung breathe in slowly through his nose and out through his mouth again like he's ran a marathon. Pleased and intrigued, Jimin watches Taehyung trying to stay completely still as the palm of his hand begins to a rubbing motion. Jimin's always loved making Taehyung hard. From the physical aspect of it to the mental aspect, everything about it turns Jimin on. As he slides his hand back and forth over the length of Taehyung's cock, he can feel how very slowly, the blood is rushing to fill it up. He can feel Taehyung's cock growing, too, and consciously having to reach just a bit farther to rub over it completely. Jimin loves knowing he's the one that gets to make Taehyung like this. He loves being able to get this reaction out of him. He loves watching him trying to hold it together despite the fact he's so beautifully coming apart. Taehyung has done well keeping himself quiet so far; and although Jimin knows they've only just begun, he also knows for a fact that Taehyung is a moaner and if they were alone in some bed somewhere in the world there would be a rainbow of sounds escaping Taehyung's mouth even at this early stage. It's motivation to Jimin; a form of praise he gets high on so quickly. Because the more Taehyung moans and whines and squirms around on the bed because of Jimin's touch, the more Jimin knows he's doing a good job. But with that aspect relatively gone-- or, at least Taehyung trying to push it away-- Jimin allows himself to focus on Taehyung's breathing. His face is still, but Taehyung's stomach and chest aren't.  Jimin studies the way Taehyung sucks his stomach in when Jimin's hand pushes against the head of his cock, and the way he pushes his stomach out when his fingers slide one by one over his balls. Jimin takes notice of the way Taehyung bites the inside of his lip when Jimin strokes the shaft of his cock through his jeans; and Jimin wonders just what he'd have to do to make Taehyung moan. By now Taehyung is properly hard. His jeans suddenly feel way too tight and his belt feels like it's glued shut. In that moment Taehyung doesn't care if the whole airplane, pilot and all, stops to watch them, he wants Jimin's hand on his cock right now. He's started to grip the armrest closest to the window just as he feels Jimin's hand teasing him at his belt. Despite how much he wants to, he can't verbally tell Jimin to hurry up and unbuckle his belt and to unzip his jeans.Jimin only teases for a few seconds, though. He knows they don't have much time, and somehow the pressure of only having a handful of minutes makes the whole situation hotter.For a moment, Jimin fantasizes about a flight attendant having to come over to ask Taehyung a question and watching him try to keep his voice normal and his breathing even as he strokes him. He thinks about how flustered Taehyung would be trying not to draw attention to Jimin's hand wrapped around him under the three blankets they have over their laps. He gets a little harder thinking about the way his voice would crack when Jimin brushed over the head.Jimin works well under pressure. He's choreographed some of his best dances in a short amount of time and memorized lyrics in under an hour when he had to. And although the thought of getting caught suddenly didn't scare him, he knew he still didn't have hours to make this last. Good thing he and Taehyung have learned how to make quickies feel like they've had hours of foreplay. They've spent more time blowing each other in showers in the morning before everyone else woke up, and giving handjobs to each other in their room backstage while everyone was somewhere else than they have in their bed at night when they had the entire night to themselves. "Oh, wow," Taehyung moans into Jimin's shoulder when Jimin finally gets his hand inside his jeans. Jimin's fingers walk across Taehyung's sensitive flesh, his cock resting erect and ready against his hipbone. Jimin swipes his fingers across the head, slicking his fingers in the process, before gripping Taehyung in his hand properly for the first time tonight. The direct contact is enough to have Taehyung twitch in his seat quite noticeably, like a single electric shock to his body, but Namjoon's eyes are closed and Jungkook's are glued to his phone.  Smirking, Jimin leans his head down to rest against Taehyung's. He whispers to him, almost teasingly, "You gotta keep still." Taehyung is trying. He's trying to keep still, but Jimin knows exactly what to do to make him lose it and it's not fair. He's tightening and loosening his grip around Taehyung's cock every half-second, and each time Taehyung's air gets stuck in his throat. He's pretty sure he's making a less than flattering noise each time Jimin's grip tightens. He can't quite hear himself over the music playing in his one ear and the noise from the plane in the other.Again, Taehyung opens his eyes, because he's convinced they all must be looking at them now. But when his vision unblurs itself, he sees both Jungkook and Namjoon still off in their own worlds. It's a relief to Taehyung, because he knows there isn't a way to explain this, so he's happy he doesn't have to. And he's also happy that he's apparently being pretty quiet, despite what he thought. Jimin's hand seems determined to change that, though. Jimin begins stroking him faster-- much faster than he was a second ago, and Taehyung has to press his mouth into Jimin's shoulder to keep his moan from escaping his throat. With his eyes shut tight, Taehyung tries to keep up with Jimin's hand. He breathes out through his teeth heavily onto Jimin's shirt, and when that doesn't work he begins nipping at the fabric a bit. Taehyung's jaw aches now with how hard he's biting down onto nothing. His teeth grind together as Jimin's hand starts a slight twisting motion that makes star-like dots appear in Taehyung's vision. Again, Taehyung twitches in his seat and he swears he can feel the soft breath of Jimin's giggle on his ear. He doesn't change his pace, though, and Taehyung thinks he's gonna scream in a second. The headphone slips out of Taehyung's ear when he attempts to rest his head in a more believable position on Jimin's shoulder. Taehyung knows they should look like they're just resting on each other, and the only part of their bodies that should be moving is Jimin's hand. And he's trying hard to do that. It's taking all of Taehyung's power to stay as still as he is and to be a quiet as he is but he doesn't know how much longer he'll be able to keep it up. Because Jimin has an amazing pace going right now: slightly upbeat, just enough to keep Taehyung's breathing uneven but not quite enough to edge him. "Good boy," Jimin mumbles to Taehyung as he begins to slow his hand down for a moment. Taehyung thinks maybe he'll be able to catch his breath. "Good boy, TaeTae." Honestly, Taehyung isn't quite sure what Jimin is praising him for. Because he feels like the only one who is being discrete here is Jimin. Maybe it was Jimin that was the true actor here, because Taehyung is convinced he looks like a mess while Jimin has a perfect poker face on. And sure Jimin was the one stroking Taehyung's dick and not the other way around, but still. Taehyung is amazed at the amount of composure Jimin has right now compared to him. Jimin's hand slows down then. Painfully slow, and Taehyung's eyes shoot open and expand at the change in pace. His mouth hangs open as his whole body goes rigid with each drawn out stroke. When Jimin's hand tightens and rests at the base of Taehyung's cock and Taehyung's eyes drop close again, Jimin is kissing at the top of his head a few times. Gently, but urgently, Jimin's voice is in Taehyung's ear shushing him. "Shh, baby," Jimin whispers to him, because it looks like Taehyung is going to cry out any second. Jimin drops his chin and whispers almost silently, "They'll hear you."In reality, actually, Jimin thinks they're doing pretty good. Taehyung has only made a few moans and whimpers and he's only jumped in his seat about twice. And Jimin, he's done all he can to keep his face straight and to only have movement in his wrist so that they don't draw attention to themselves from the members across the way. Luckily, they usually sleep all wrapped up in each other and Taehyung tends to move in his sleep, because Jimin is convinced that's what they must look like in Jungkook's peripheral vision right now. At least, that's what he hopes. Taehyung's breath is heavy against his throat when Jimin's hand picks up speed this time. His immediate reaction is to bury his face against Jimin's neck as his final desperate attempt to keep himself still and quiet. He feels each time Taehyung grits his teeth and every stuttered breath that he tries his best to control. Taehyung's doing all he can to keep himself together but he's never been one to be quiet during anything like this and Jimin doesn't know how much longer he's going to last. "Breathe, Tae," Jimin coaches. His voice is so soft Taehyung isn't actually sure if he heard it or if he imagined it, but he tries to be obedient anyway. Taehyung opens his mouth and inhales gently, and then exhales through his nose. His facial expression tells a different story than his controlled breathing. His eyes flinch and squeeze shut every so often, and he keeps biting his lip to quiet himself. Jimin wants to lean down and kiss him. He still looks beautifully and familiarly fucked out despite Jimin's dick not entering him at all tonight. Taehyung's skin, which is really starting to overheat now, has a soft sheen of sweat over his face. His bangs stick to his forehead just a bit while the rest of his hair has slightly more body to it than usual as a result of him rubbing his head against Jimin's shoulder. Taehyung's blinks rapidly a few times, like he's trying to focus but can't. Then Jimin feels Taehyung's hand gripping the side of his shirt right by his ribcage. Taehyung has a deathgrip on Jimin's shirt and he yanks at it when Jimin starts to twist his wrist. Overwhelmed, Taehyung closes his eyes again and tells himself over and over that he has to relax. It's not helping much though. It's amusing to Jimin the way he can tell the exact moment Taehyung completely allows himself to drown in the pleasure he's experiencing. He catches up to Jimin's pace and relaxes into it. For the first time all night he rests his head back against his own seat, mouth only slightly open, and sits still as Jimin's hand continues to work on him. Jimin can hear his breathing, still. Upbeat and a bit strained, but not uneven like it was for a long time. Every once in awhile, Taehyung will inhale sharply and hold his breath, but for the most part he's silent. For a while they stay in that groove. Jimin's hand stroking Taehyung's cock at a fast but even pace. Jimin studies Taehyung's facial expressions-- despite how miniscule they've become-- and adjusts his fingers accordingly. Minutes pass of Taehyung pulling at the side of Jimin's shirt, so close but yet so far from where he wants to be, and Jimin trying hard to keep from smiling. He's always liked teasing Taehyung, and as mean as it may sound, he loves to watch him squirm. It's damn near the hottest thing Jimin's ever been honored enough to witness: Taehyung falling apart right in front of him. Usually he's a whining mess by now, drops of sweat sliding down the side of his face one by one, gripping onto the sheets. This is a toned down version of how it usually is. Taehyung tries hard to keep it from showing on his face, but he's squeezing Jimin's shirt so hard it's starting to ache Jimin's shoulder from where the fabric is being pulled taut. The moans Taehyung is usually making are being halted in his throat and Jimin watches as he tries to swallow them down. He turns his head toward Jimin when he can't in a poor attempt to muffle the sound. Jimin kisses the top of his head when he's in reach to offer some comfort."You're close, aren't you?" Jimin whispers to him. He can tell. His breathing is getting more rugged and the pulls on Jimin's shirt feel more urgent like Taehyung is tapping out instead. Taehyung leans into Jimin and whines into his shirt collar probably a little louder than he should've. There's a burning sensation, then, on Jimin's face that somehow has the ability to draw his attention away from Taehyung. He immediately looks over and catches Jungkook's glare who is staring at him with wide, shocked eyes. Jimin stares back, not really sure what to feel or what to do, but knowing he wasn't going to stop. Especially with Taehyung this close. At this point, Jimin thinks it'd actually be mean of him to stop at all-- for Taehyung's sake, of course. For a while, they just stare at each other. Jungkook looking at Jimin, then down at his hand still stroking Taehyung, then over at Taehyung, and back up to Jimin. In that same order he does it twice, and each time he's met with Jimin's blank stare. Until the third time around and Jimin can't help but smirk a bit, because he's just realized that Taehyung is so far gone that he hasn't noticed Jungkook staring at them or the way Jimin's pace must've tripped up for a few strokes when he first made eye contact with the younger member.Jimin and Taehyung's relationship isn't a secret. At least not totally. The members know. The staff does, too, for the most part. And unfortunately for Jungkook this isn't the first time he's stumbled onto them doing something too sexual for him to see willingly, but this time he doesn't just look shocked or surprised, he looks intrigued. Jungkook makes eye contact with Jimin and just stares. It felt like witnessing a car crash. Jungkook knows he should look away but he can't. Maybe... he doesn't want to.Taehyung speaks then. Soft and broken he begs, "Please, Jimin."  It's not nearly loud enough for Jungkook to hear. Jimin barely hears it himself with how quietly he was able to whisper it; but he still hears it and he speeds his hand up just a bit. Taehyung twitches and then; he sucks in air sharply through his teeth and holds his breath in attempt to calm down. He's so close Jimin can feel the tension of his orgasm building up inside of him; the energy of it radiating off of Taehyung like sunrays. Taehyung gasps softly-- beautifully. "Please."Leaning his head to the side to rest on top of Taehyung's, Jimin keeps his eyes locked on Jungkook as he whispers back teasingly, "Please, what, baby?" Then, just as Jungkook is yanking out one side of his headphones, "What do you need?"He smiles in Jungkook's direction and kisses the top of Taehyung's head again. Still, Jungkook just stares. Taehyung can't talk anymore, not with his own hand in his mouth. He bites the knuckle of his index finger-- a final desperate attempt to keep himself silent. It isn't helping all too well, though. Breathy moans and high pitched whines are now escaping his mouth despite Taehyung's best efforts. Taehyung's other hand is now wrapped around Jimin's wrist, trying to speed up his hand. Jimin thinks there's nothing more beautiful than Taehyung completely desperate to come. Jimin expands his eyes at Jungkook and raises his eyebrows. A look flashing across his face that definitely screams "Look away now", and Jungkook does. In quick, startled movements he pushes his headphones back on and lifts his phone. Jimin watches his tap his screen a bit wildly before the video starts to play again. Immediately, Jimin refocuses his attention on Taehyung. Taehyung is dangerously close now. Jimin can tell by way his hand is no longer gripping his wrist but holding it gently like he's given up; his fingers are twitching and his is chest panting. Jimin knows there isn't much left for him to do than to twist his wrist toward the head just how Taehyung likes. But he thinks he's got to at least build it up a bit. Dropping his chin, Jimin puts his and Taehyung's foreheads together. A gesture they've done a million times but this time it feels so much more intimate. Jimin whispers to him, "You gotta be quiet, okay?"In uncontrolled, jerky movements, Taehyung nods back. His voice sounds strained as he mumbles out, "O-okay." Jimin thinks Taehyung has been teased enough and he finally begins to twist his wrist. A few strokes later Taehyung's entire body is tightening and he's whimpering out loud. Thinking fast, Jimin kisses him to keep him quiet. He presses his lips to Taehyung's and lets him moan into his mouth; desperate, helpless sounds escaping him as he comes. His hand tightens around Jimin's wrist again but doesn't push at his hand until his orgasm has subsided and he's feeling immediately overly sensitive. As he's unwrapping his aching, shaking hand, Jimin kisses Taehyung again. A quick peck. Tenderly this time, and smiles when Taehyung's barely able to kiss back. Small puffs of air hit Jimin's mouth as Taehyung tries to slow his breathing down to a normal pace. Exhausted, he lowers his head back onto Jimin's shoulder like it weighs a ton and he doesn't have the strength to hold it up anymore. The sweat from his forehead damps Jimin's shirt but he doesn't mind. For a few long moments they just lay there in attempt to recuperate. Above them, there's a flashing light that signals for all passengers to put on their seatbelts if they haven't already got them on. A sign that the plane is about to encounter a bit of turbulence. Jimin uses this opportunity for them to clean up a bit. In his bag is a travel pack of tissues that he reaches for with his clean hand and then wipes up under the sheets once he has them. Jimin holds up the blankets, like he's trying to fasten his seatbelt and Taehyung uses that moment to readjust himself and properly fasten his jeans back. He looks drained and Jimin watches him latch his belt in the first hole he's able to get and lace it into his jeans lazily. Jimin puts on Taehyung's seatbelt for him and ignores the pain in his hand from it being at such an awkward angle for as long as it was. Jimin pushes the blanket closest to their laps away and pulls up the other two. Then, together they resettle. Again, with Taehyung's head on Jimin's shoulder and Jimin's head resting on top of Taehyung's. This time there aren't headphones in either of their ears and Jimin's hand on Taehyung's thigh is as soothing as it always is. The touch is an innocent one now. Despite that, every so often, Jimin can feel Taehyung's thigh twitch. He's still a bit sensitive, and the sensation of Jimin's fingers are sending a tingling wave throughout his body. Jimin pets Taehyung's leg as he tells him, "You can sleep now." Drowsily, Taehyung says back, mouth barely opening to form the words properly, "Thank you." When Jimin looks down again a moment later, Taehyung's long eyelashes are resting just above his cheekbone. His breathing is even and slow, and his entire body is still. The weight of his sleeping form is comforting and familiar to Jimin and he pulls Taehyung closer. He knows he'll be able to fall asleep in a few minutes knowing Taehyung is already asleep. Most nights, as mushy as it sounds, Jimin prefers for Taehyung to fall asleep first so he can have the steady rising and falling of his chest put him to sleep. Taehyung has always been able to provide him with immediate comfort, even if he wasn't trying to. Jimin's hand halts on Taehyung's leg as he closes his eyes, too tired to keep them open anymore. "G'night, TaeTae," he doesn't forget to whisper. Then they're both asleep, peacefully, wrapped up and intertwined in each other as they always are.    There's a kick to Jimin's shin that makes his eyes fly open. He clenches his jaw together to keep from crying out and his eyes lock angrily at the suspect. Immediately though, Jimin's eyes soften with he sees the look Namjoon is giving him. With his eyebrows furrowed and his mouth pressed into a disappointed line he says, "Seriously?"Jimin's immediate response is to play innocent. Always play innocent. Especially to your hyungs that you can tell are setting up to scold you. He blinks at Namjoon blankly and then scrunches his face up in a way that signals back that he doesn't know what Namjoon's problem is. That doesn't sit well with him, because he knows Jimin knows exactly what this is about. Namjoon's eyes deliberately lock on Taehyung's sleeping form. Peaceful and completely slack against Jimin's side. He's leaning over more into Jimin's seat than he is in his own, with his arm wrapped around Jimin's stomach and his head on Jimin's shoulder. His hair, always so soft and fluffy, is brushing against Jimin's cheek every so often. Jimin instinctively hugs him a little tighter when he notices Namjoon's glare. Before Jimin knows it, Namjoon's eyes are snapping back to Jimin. This time in a way that tells Jimin he isn't playing around and they both know what this is regarding. He says again, more emphasis this time, "Seriously?"Jimin pouts a little and says plainly, "He couldn't sleep.""So you just--" Namjoon starts, eyes expanding as he stops himself. He shakes his head as he looks over at the flight attendant on the other side of the plane, checking to make sure Seokjin was alright in his seat. She gently removes his slipping laptop from his thighs and lets it rest gently on the floor beside him as he sleeps.  Namjoon lets his sentence trail off as he settles for a new one. Shortly, he says, "Not here." Dropping his eyes, Jimin sort of feels bad but he also kind of wants to laugh. Something about the whole ordeal was exhilarating, and knowing for a fact they've been caught shouldn't sort of turn Jimin on but...he's sort of turned on. Jimin definitely doesn't feel bad, he decides just them. There's a giggle forming inside of him that he knows will get him killed if he lets it out. He keeps his voice steady enough to say back, "Sorry, hyung." Studying Jimin's face for a moment, Namjoon answers back, "No you're not," as he shakes his head. He can't help the small smirk from forming because, goddamn, these kids are ridiculous. And a helluva lot more daring than Namjoon ever thought they were. He's not angry, honestly. Shocked and maybe a bit scarred for life, but not angry. But as the leader he feels obligated to give at least himself the peace of mind of knowing he, for a fact, advised his members to not give each other handjobs on plane rides. Placing his headphones back over his ears, Namjoon says, "Sing him a damn lullaby next time or something."Jimin tries not to laugh. He tries really, really hard. But it doesn't work. He leans his mouth into the top of Taehyung's head trying to hide his laughter, but Namjoon spots him anyway. The second kick to his shin feels well deserved.It's a small price to pay, though. He'd do it all again if he had the chance.    ___________________________  end.



Afterword


End Notes
come chat on twitter (@1995soulmates) or buy me a coffee if you'd like!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



