



Actions Speak Louder - cupgaykes - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Actions Speak Louder
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8556829.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
vkook, Fluff, Fluff and Smut, Hand Jobs, starshow360, jungkook being a self-conscious dork, tae being oblivious, saxophone puns
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-21
        Words: 9171
      

Actions Speak Louder
by cupgaykes
Summary
..than words.Jungkook beats himself up after getting out-acted by Taehyung on TV. Taehyung struggles to make the maknae see the good traits about himself, that made Tae fall in love with him in the first place. Aargh, why are words so complicated? Maybe he is better at conveying his feelings through actions, though?
Vkook, set during Bangtan's filming of BTS Starshow360 for the sake of saxophone-puns
***REWRITTEN***
Notes
Have you all liked BTS Starshow360? I definitely did (tae playing saxophone omgomgomg) Bangtan needs to go on variety shows more often again!Anyway, I know the MCs teasing was just for fun but even seeing those fake tears edited in Kookie's eyes awakened my inner sadist with a penchant for Kookie-angst..heheheJust to make things clear, I don't think Tae was showing Kookie up. But we all know our maknae has a perfectionist streak, so why not play it up for a little bit of good ol' hurt/comfort (followed by comfort-sex, because hell yes)One of my favorite taekook headcanons is self-doubting Kookie VS Tae the ultra-cheerleader <3So here is some vkook fluff that I've been wanting to write badly..enjoy!
***I've decided to partly rewrite this fic, because I wasn't really happy with the quality of the old version. If you have read this fic before, I hope you will consider reading it again, if only for the changes in quality!***

          See the end of the work for more notes




Actions Speak Louder


Taehyung's POV:




“Come on, Kookie! Tell me what's wrong.”



Taehyung yelled after a broody, red-faced Jungkook, as the younger stormed off the set the very second the cameras stopped rolling, not even pausing to have his mic taken off before; but the deep-voiced singer was not graced with a response by the huffy younger male.

What the hell? What crawled up his ass and died?

He should just ignore the other. He had more important things to take care of right now. But before he could even finish the thought, Taehyung could already feel his legs take him the direction the brunette had disappeared in. Great.
Honestly, Taehyung had no idea why he was using his precious break time to chase after a clearly disgruntled maknae, who would probably just hiss at him anyway if he tried to pry about his problems. He should just let Jungkook be. But he was Kim Taehyung. The pure concept of not checking on an upset Jungkook just didn't compute in his brain. What was he supposed to do? He was totally whipped for their maknae. Which was the sole reason he had even gotten in his current predicament in the first place.



To explain that, let's go back in the events a few moments.
They were in the middle of their filming for Star Show 360. Everything was going great. The hosts were nice and funny, and everyone was fooling around and laughing. Except Jungkook, who was oozing tension and anxiety from every pore of his being; just like every time the younger male got too deep into his mindset of 'need to be cool, need to impress everyone' . Taehyung recognized that behavior immediately; he could read the other like a book. Not his fault the maknae's feelings always showed on his face, so plain for everyone to see. Not his fault he couldn't help but find that trait incredibly endearing. When he saw the younger stammer through his voice impression bit, that the younger prided himself on, and get increasingly tense and panicked when they didn't turn out as usual, Taehyung just couldn't sit by quietly. He joined in quickly in an attempt to disperse the awkward atmosphere, and appeal to the maknae's natural competitiveness. He thought he did rather well, and a few seconds later, there was not a trace of awkwardness left, the natural flow of the show restored. Later on, it was Taehyung's turn to demonstrate his talent, which was playing the saxophone. Admittedly, he hadn't really gotten the chance to practice playing it in quite a while. Being an idol didn't permit you a lot of free time to pursue hobbies. Maybe he had also been a little bit lazy. So instead of embarrassing himself with a really poor performance, he decided to put his own creative spin to it, and used the Saxophone to emulate a typical EDM beat. It got quite a bit of laughs. It all went well all up until that point. Up until Jungkook decided to give his saxophone a try too.
See, if you have never played a woodwind instrument, you might not get why this was such a big deal. To put things simply, the sound is produced by wrapping your lips around a thin blade of wood, called the reed, and blowing. And if you have ever played a woodwind, or a wind instrument in general, you'd know that when you're playing, there is saliva involved. Quite a lot of it, sometimes. So there was his fellow band member, and secret crush for approximately 3 years, putting that reed, still dripping with Taehyung's spit, and wrapping his lips around it like it was nothing.
Another person might have not paid any mind to that, or maybe have found it a little bit gross. Taehyung on the other hand couldn't stop thinking about more proficient ways we could trade saliva-
Another person would have been impressed at the younger male for being able to procure a clear sound from the instrument on his first try like that. All Taehyung could think was damn, he sure can blow and there is other things of mine you could blow y'know



He was horrible, he knew. Hence the embarrassing situation, of Taehyung having to announce that he needed to go to the restroom in front of rolling cameras. Who the hell does that? That was simply bad manners. He was able to feel Seokjin's disapproving glare burn into the back of his head without even having to turn around. But it wasn't like he had much of a choice there. It had been a do or die situation. Embarrass himself and others by disrupting a variety show taping by leaving for the toilet...or staying and risking the camera catching a glimpse of his raging boner. The decision hadn't been a hard one to make. And not to brag, but he thought he had managed to pull it off pretty well; using his trademark random humor and child-like charm to turn the disturbance into a funny scene for the viewers.



Taehyung had really hoped he could use the break time to sneak off to the toilets for real, and have a quick guilt-wank to thoughts of the maknae; just to take the edge off. But how could he do that, when the object of his desires was currently really upset about something? Because even if he desperately wanted to bang their illegally hot maknae, primarily Jungkook was still his best friend. And the younger male seemed to need a friend right now.
Finally Taehyung managed to grab the maknae by his arm, stopping him in his angry steps and forcing the boy to turn around and face him.
The blond's brow furrowed with worry as he scanned the other boy's face; it was obvious he was worked up, but was still trying to swallow it down in a way that was all too typical of him. Tae saw the way his eyes started to redden, as if they had been pricking with tears many times that the maknae had just blinked away; his bottom lip was redder than usual and slightly swollen which showed he had been biting at it again. The older singer swore he even saw it tremble slightly for a moment. The younger male's cheeks were flushed; if with anger or embarrassment, he didn't know. But he would be damned if he didn't try his hardest to find out. That's what best friend's were for..right?




Jungkook's POV:

Jungkook could feel his heart pounding in his chest at a break-neck pace, all too aware of the grip the older singer's had on his arm. Even through the fabric of his shirt, the touch felt like it was burning him.
Great, now his childish behavior was making Taehyung waste his time on him, again. Way too go. The irrational anger started bubbling up in his chest again, making him want to shout, run, hide. But Taehyung's searching hazel eyes had him locked in place. The words the other softly uttered next barely made it through the mess of thoughts wrecking havoc in the upset brunette's brain at the moment.
“Jungkookie...what's the matter? I can tell you're angry, but I don't know why,” Taehyung prodded softly, loosening his grip on the other's forearm, but not quite letting go yet. The genuine worry just made the uncomfortable, guilty feeling in his gut worsen.
In response, Jungkook simply averted his gaze, looking down at the floor and muttering something intelligible. The blond leaned in, bringing his face closer to the younger singer's mouth to hear better. Big mistake. How was he supposed to focus when Taehyung was this freaking close to him?? His thoughts were one big clustered mess, but among them, the frustration was the most apparent.
“What did you say, Kookie?”, the older singer pressed again, carefully.
“I said it's nothing, hyung!” the maknae all but hissed, brown honey colored orbs glistening with anger meeting his for a moment before he averted them again; pulling weakly at his arm to get the other to release his wrist.
Tae just blinked in surprise, not letting go of the other's wrist but grasping the other too instead, turning the younger singer's body fully towards him in the process.
“Yah, hold on. You usually don't call me hyung, unless something's up. Did I do something to make you upset? I won't know unless you tell me.”
“You know what the problem is.” the maknae huffed angrily, trying to take a step back to bring some space between him and his fellow band member, but it was futile; with every step he took, Taehyung followed him suit until there was no where left to back off to – his back hitting a cold concrete wall in the enclosed space between props and high towering abandoned set pieces.
Jungkook could feel the blond's piercing gaze on him, burning eyes trying to bore down into his mind, trying to read his thoughts. The younger felt guilty for lashing out at the other. This wasn't Taehyung's fault.
“No, I don't know. So tell me.”
The soft, incredibly deep voice sent a shiver down the younger male's spine, his throat feeling like it was in a choke hold with how little air he was getting. He could feel the treacherous prick at the corners of his eyes again and he felt pathetic; crying over something like this like a baby. No, this wasn't Tae's fault; it was his. If only he could properly keep up with his hyungs, if only he didn't always make such a fool of himself... Jungkook opened his mouth, but he had such a hard time forcing out the words with his throat clogged up like that, at the verge of crying.

"Me. I-I'm the problem. I messed up..a-again."

If Taehyung's eyebrows went up any higher, they would probably disappear in his hairline. Judging by his expression, he still didn't have a clear idea of what the younger male was talking about.
“B-back there...you...the voice i-imitations..”
Jungkook gulped hard, attempting to calm his voice, but he could feel his cheeks burn hotter and a familiar wetness at the corners of his eyes.
“...i-it was already hard enough that I was failing so much...everyone was laughing at me..”

The elder's voice interrupted him, trying to soothe. “They weren't laughing 

at

 you, Kook, we were laughing with yo-”

“But it didn't feel like that at all!!”
Silence spread out between the two of them; Jungkook was probably even more shaken than Taehyung at the sudden raise in his voice. The maknae usually didn't shout like that. Where was he even going with this? Why was he feeling so betrayed? It wasn't Taehyung's fault he was such a mess. But the shameful, burning sting of jealousy in his gut was unmistakable. He was the absolute worst. Now he was projecting his own insecurities unto his hyungs, who had nothing to do with it.



When he felt Taehyung brush a comforting hand against his cheek, something snapped in the younger male. He slapped the other's fingers away harshly.
Jungkook knew he was making a mistake, taking out all of his frustration with himself, all his self-doubt and insecurities out on his best friend and hyung, but it was like a dam had been broken, and all the ugly, shameful feelings he never wanted Taehyung to witness started flowing out. When Jungkook spoke up again, his voice was shaking even worse than before, thick with suppressed sobs.
“I disappointed everyone..even so..I could have handled that..but..then you...” The maknae's voice got fainter, and Taehyung had to strain his ears to hear the rest.
“k-kept..trying to..show me up..and I got teased even more..and...”
A small hiccuped sob sounded through the silence, and for a moment Taehyung looked like his heart just broke at the sound. The guilt in the maknae's gut was starting to get unbearable, but he wasn't able to stop his stupid mouth from spurting out all these childish words.
“...I know I'm being stupid...but..it really hurt..hyung..”
Deep inside, he knew it was not about what Taehyung had said or done. He knew that this was only about him, and his stupid fixation of wanting to impress the elder, of wanting to finally be seen as an adult, not just some younger brother. It wasn't about what happened today, it was about what happened every time he tried to act more mature, tried to prove that he could be act just as grown up as Yoongi or Namjoon, just to end up as a laughing stock again, as the cute little maknae who just wasn't as good as his hyungs. He didn't know why his brain had chosen this exact moment to have all of those compiled feelings break down and bury him. Just once he wanted to look cool in front of his crush, and he failed just like always. He wanted Taehyung to see him as a man already; to realize that Jungkook wanted to be more than band members, more than friends. Well, seems like he screwed that up once and for all. After this stupid fit of his, there was no way the elder would ever see him as more than a spoiled little brat. Great job fucking this up.
He was prepared for Taehyung to be incredulous at his ridiculous over-sensitivity. To be angry at his display of childishness. To be annoyed, fed up with him. Walk out on him. What he did not expect Taehyung to do was fucking apologize.



“Oh shit, Kookie..I'm so sorry..”



The older singer sounded genuinely apologetic, and Jungkook wanted nothing more than punch himself in that very moment.



“N-No! Fuck, don't apologize...” Jungkook protested, and the tears were now falling from his eyes in big globs. He really was the worst. “You don't understand..this is not...-! I was trying to say that-...ugh!”
The brunette wanted to explain himself, make things right again, but his body was betraying him; his words ending up a garbled mess, swallowed by the pitiful sobs he couldn't stop from escaping his throat.



Suddenly, there were cool hands cupping his wet cheeks, long fingers feebly wiping away at the continuous flow of tears and Jungkook's heart positively stood still for a second.



Taehyung's voice was merely above a whisper when he spoke, but the other singer was close enough for the brunette to catch every single word.



“No, I think I do. You're doing it again. The thing you always do, where you think you have to be perfect in everything, or we will start hating you. That's not true. And if what I did made you feel worse in that moment, then I am sorry. I don't want to ever make you feel worthless. I really wish you could see yourself through my eyes, could see how wonderful you are.”
With every word the blond uttered, he was leaning closer into Jungkook's space. His hands went back to holding the younger male's wrists, this time not to prevent him from running, but rather to still the brunette's nervous fidgeting, and to calm him through physical touch, all while moving in closer and closer to the crying maknae. The way Taehyung started pinning the brunette's arms against the wall seemed almost subconscious, preventing the younger male from using his arms as a barrier between their bodies.



Jungkook felt the flow of tears slowly ebb out as the distance between the two of them shrank; his face suddenly heating up to what felt like million degrees.
“No..that's not..” he protested weakly. It was hard to gather his thoughts when Taehyung was this close to him, the elder's breath fanning over the wetness covering his cheeks, doing nothing to reduce the heat rising in them. “It's not your fault, it's just that when it comes to you I always get especially-...wait, what did you just say?”
Belatedly, the blond's words seemed to register in the younger male's brain. Did he hear that right, or was his mind just playing tricks on him?



Taehyung cocked his head slightly to the side in confusion at the maknae's question. “What part do you mean? About you always trying to be perfect-?”

“No, not that..! I mean, I know that it's true that I'm a perfectionist sometimes, but- Wait, no! I meant the part about...” Jungkook suddenly couldn't look into the other's eyes anymore, the flush on his cheeks darkening as he carefully worded his question. “..the part about thinking I am w-wonderful.”



Jungkook's last words were whispered so quietly that Taehyung would not have caught them if he hadn't been all up in the brunette's face in the first place. At first, the look of confusion remained on the older singer's face, trying to wrap his head around the reason for the younger male's sudden question. But then his face split into a positively shit-eating grin, and Jungkook wished the ground would swallow him up in that moment.



“Why do you ask? That shouldn't come as surprise to you. If I fell for you any harder, I'd smash into the ground, handsome face-first. And what would Bangtan do without their visual?”



Jungkook was at a loss of words, all the frustration and guilt and anger from earlier disappearing in a cloud of smoke, just to be replaced with a feeling of nervous anticipation. Had there been a confession buried somewhere in that terrible joke?
Jungkook felt like he was simply standing there for hours, his mouth repeatedly opening and closing like a fish gaping for water.



Fortunately, Taehyung finally decided to take matters into his own hands. Slowly leaning closer to the other boy, giving him enough time to turn away if he wanted, Tae leaned down and started kissing along the wet trails the tears had left on his face.
Jungkook felt his own breath hitch at the sensation, and briefly wondered if he was dreaming. The elder's soft lips felt cool against his flushed cheeks, but every kiss left his skin positively burning. Jungkook's fingertips brushed hesitantly against the elder's hands that had his wrists pinned to the wall, a silent plea to continue.
And Taehyung did. After his lips had reached the corner of each of the younger singer's eyes, he proceeded to press a gentle kiss on the tip of the brunette's nose, then on his forehead, where his bangs were parted slightly.
“Tae..wha..” the maknae breathed out confusedly, but the words got stuck in his throat when the elder's hot lips suddenly pressed at the sharp line of his jaw, trailing along it. The other kisses had been different: caring, gentle, soothing. The gestures of affection were in still somewhat familiar territory. I care about you, they seemed to be saying. You are important to me. Sentiments, that made his heart swell with affection for the other. But that much had been there before. All of Bangtan's members shared this kind of close, affectionate bond. But what Jungkook was feeling for Taehyung went a little beyond that.

The lips currently trailing along his jaw line were saying something different. They were saying: 

I want you. 

And damn, did Jungkook reciprocate that feeling. 

And Taehyung's lips didn't stop there. They started moving along his jaw, then his throat, his neck, hovering over the junction of his shoulder where his shirt had slipped to the side and revealed his collarbone.
Jungkook was starting to feel light-headed, the heat in his face was starting to spread throughout his whole body; little sparks of lighting pricked his skin everywhere Taehyung's lips touched him. His fingertips were tingling and twitched nervously, the older male's hold on his wrists suddenly felt too loose. Jungkook felt like they were the only thing anchoring him in place, keeping him from floating away, from needily arching into the other's body.
“Tae..hyung..” he croaked out through dry feeling lips, wetting them with the tip of his tongue when the older boy's hands slipped up from their grip around his wrists to lace with the brunette's fingers instead. It felt incredible, and Jungkook couldn't help but squeeze back. Taehyung's head was still buried against his neck, the blond's hot breath hitting his over-sensitive skin and making it prick with goosebumps.

The elder murmured lowly in response, lips moving against Jungkook's skin, that made Jungkook want to whine, his knees getting weak. “Should've told you this so much sooner. Kook-ah...you know I like you...” A kiss was pressed against his jugular, wetter and hotter than the others. “...so, so, so..much..” Each word was punctuated by a small nibble of sharp teeth against his sensitive skin, and Jungkook didn't know if he wanted to melt into the cold wall against his back, or the hot body in front of him. He wasn't sure if it was the other singer's words, or actions, that made his stomach churn with butterflies like that.




“Me...me too, Tae” Jungkook forced out under his breath, and he wasn't sure why he sounded like he was close to crying again, when he was feeling this happy. “Like you so m-much...'ve liked you for a while now...”

His words weren't coming out properly again, but how could they when he was completely unable to even draw a breath. His heart was pounding hard in his chest, and he was convinced Taehyung would be able to feel it, with how close they were at this point.

The blond's body was now close enough for Jungkook to feel the other's body heat seep through his clothes, scorching the younger singer if he hadn't been burning up with heat himself already; a wildfire was spreading from every place Taehyung touched him, but it felt good, way too good. He squeezed the older male's fingers once again, still intertwined with his; gripping harder when Tae suddenly started sucking a wet kiss into his nape. Teeth and tongue were teasing his flesh mercilessly, sure to leave a mark. Jungkook thought he might keel over with the coiling of his stomach; this was not supposed to feel nearly half as good as it did. A chocked moan made it's way past his swollen lips and the way he could literally feel Taehyung's smirk against his skin made him feel both mortified and excited.
“Feel good?” the blond teased; his deep voice was barely above a raspy whisper, sounding like pure sin, and Jungkook couldn't help but swallow thickly, nodding weakly.



“Can I keep going?” Taehyung's burning eyes met his, as he asked the question, searching for any signs of uneasiness in the maknae's gaze. He didn't find any. Instead, the brunette was practically begging for more through dark, hooded eyes; pink lips parting softly to let out a breathless “Yes...please..”
Taehyung let out a hoarse chuckle at his response and the sound made Jungkook's knees buckle, heat rapidly spreading from his lower stomach to his nether regions. He wanted to ask what exactly they were doing here, what it meant and what it might change for them. But those questions would have to wait, because now Tae had shoved a knee between his legs to stabilize him, and oh. Oh god. That was not a good place to press against right now; and Taehyung's lips were continuing the assault on his neck – it took all Jungkook had to not grind his hips down into that delicious pressure. Instead, he tightened his grip on the elder's hands and fought down the embarrassing moans and whimpers that wanted to escape his lips. When he felt Taehyung's sharp teeth graze his exposed collarbone though, he couldn't help but to writhe though. Which made the growing bulge of his arousal rub against Tae's toned thigh and- oh hot damn..!
“Tae...wah-wait..” he managed to stammer out, terrified of the thought that the elder might have felt the state he was in, might mock him for it, or worse yet – be disgusted.
He could feel the elder lift his head away from his neck to look him in the eye, and Jungkook inwardly cursed himself because now that amazing feeling was gone, and he didn't want it gone, he wanted more! But he needed to know if they were on the same page here, that this wasn't just him getting ahead of himself.
“Do you want me to stop?” Deep brown eyes were burning into his and the maknae's breath hitched at how dark they looked, how predatory. It was a nice look on his hyung, and it left no doubt about just how much the other male wanted him. Taehyung wanted him. Wanted him. The knowledge left his blood burning, his whole body pulsing with lust.
Jungkook opened his mouth to answer Taehyung's question, but no words came out, just a strangled whine. The brunette blushed hotly at how needy he sounded. So much to being mature. Feeling embarrassed, he shook his head, giving the other the go ahead. To Jungkook's discontentment though, the blond didn't move, seemingly struck by a new idea. Taehyung's eyes seemed to be transfixed on something on the younger male's face, staring quietly. Jungkook was getting more self-conscious as the seconds ticked by, and he was about to ask if something was wrong with his face, when Taehyung spoke up again, voice a soft whisper, sounding uncharacteristically meek.
 
“Hey Kookie...is it okay..if I kiss you on the lips?”
 

Jungkook's mind went blank at the words, his hammering heart skipping a beat. 

What? 

Swallowing down the lump in his throat, Jungkook's head seemed to move on its own, nodding slowly in approval. Before the younger could process what happened, the other's lips were already upon him, sealing his mouth in a searing kiss. It was nothing more than a simple press of lips at first, Tae's plump, soft ones against the maknae's pink, glossy ones, but it was enough to send the younger singer's mind into overdrive. 





Taehyung probably didn't know, but this was his first proper kiss. Jungkook had never been in a romantic relationship with anyone before, but that never bothered him. He just didn't have anyone he had ever liked that way, and he was perfectly happy just being friends with people. It wasn't like he didn't have the occasional crush. The idol industry was filled with talented and gorgeous people, of course someone would catch his fancy every now and then. Hell, Jungkook had even gone through phases of crushing on every single on of his hyungs. They were all pretty attractive after all. But at the end of the day, friendship was all he wanted. Kisses, relationships, sex...all that stuff just seemed to make things more complicated. It never seemed worth risking a perfectly fine friendship over. He was convinced those feelings would never change for him. But then Kim Taehyung swooped in and ruined everything. Kim Taehyung with his deep, raspy voice, his camera eye-fucking and the 

goddamn tongue


! 

Always out, licking his perfect, plush lips in a way that was just downright sinful and that Jungkook couldn't keep his eyes off. Those lips that Jungkook wanted to feel everywhere on his body, lips that he fantasized about in a way no one should be thinking of their best friend. 


He had cursed himself to hell over those thoughts a million times in the past, telling himself it was never going to happen anyway.


Yet here they were. Now those very lips were slowly moving again his and it felt amazing. It was mind-numbing, yet electrifying at the same time; the sweetest kind of torture that made him wish for more yet at the same made him wish the moment would never pass. 


So this was what kissing felt like. No, this was what kissing 

Tae

 felt like. If Jungkook had been concerned about messing up because of his inexperience before, those worries were dispersed the moment he felt the slide of soft lips against his, urging him along. It felt so natural, so perfect. His lips melted right into the elder's, like they were meant for it. If Jungkook were to describe the sensation, he would say it felt 

sweet

; an overwhelming, paralyzing sweetness that almost hurt. But the maknae had always liked sweet things.

He could continue like this forever, being perfectly molded together everywhere: their entwined fingers, the close press of their bodies, the hot slide of their lips. A soft gasp escaped the brunette's throat when he felt teeth tug at his lower lip; the elder's low growl reverberating in his chest. “Fuck, Kook.”

Jungkook didn't know whether it was the prodding of the other's tongue, the sharp tug of teeth or the sheer want he could hear in the blond's voice, but he opened his lips pliantly, wanting to know what else the other could do to him. He wasn't disappointed when the older singer's wet muscle slipped past his parted lips, eager to claim yet still incredibly gentle. His already hooded eyes fluttered shut at the sensation of another tongue slicking against his own, hot and heavy and teasingly slow. How could something so simple feel so incredibly good? 


He couldn't help but groan into the kiss and Taehyung let out a pleased hum in response, his tongue roving, licking every spot it could reach before wrapping around the maknae's hot muscle, sucking on it softly, coaxing it to move as well. Jungkook's knees buckled when he finally did because god, that felt even better, he needed more of that feeling and he needed it 

now

. Jungkook's tongue pressed back against Taehyung's, drinking in the other's sweet taste like he had been starving for it; every movement sending sparks of pleasure through his body, making his brain short-circuit. Feeling desperate, the brunette leaned further into the kiss, deepening it of his own account. The chuckle the elder let out at the brunette's sudden eagerness got swallowed by their heated kiss, but Jungkook noticed it anyway, getting revenge by playfully biting at the other's tongue. He didn't expect the blond to almost collapse into him at this action though, a low groan forming in the back of his throat, whilst pressing their bodies almost impossibly close together, until the maknae felt he was being crushed between the elder's hard lean body and the cold concrete at his back. Jungkook didn't complain though; the new proximity pushed the blond's thigh even harder against his crotch and paired with the feeling of his mouth being roughly ravaged by the other's tongue now it made the brunette's eyes roll back into his head as pleasure spiked through his body, setting his veins ablaze with want. It was getting so much, Jungkook couldn't form a clear thought anymore, his mind was a pleasure-riddled mess, all his senses occupied with just 

Taehyung

. His taste, his smell, the heat of his body, the hard muscles he could feel shifting with every movement of the elder's body. He never wanted it to stop, but he could feel feel his head starting to spin with the lack of oxygen.


The sharp squeezing of his hands signaled Tae that the younger needed to catch his breath, and although reluctantly, the blond slowly broke their wet, messy kiss to let the inexperienced maknae gasp for air.






Taehyung's POV:





Taehyung couldn't help the smirk pulling at the corner of his lips when he looked at the panting, flushed mess beneath him.


I did that.



The maknae looked so 

good


 

like this; unlike his natural handsomeness that radiated cute innocence, this wrecked, dazed, out-of-breath look simply oozed one thing: pure, dirty sex. He might be Tae's adorable, shy, awkward bunny dongsaeng, but seeing the younger like this – pink lips kiss-swollen and glistening with saliva, dark flush spreading high up his cheekbones and even to the tips of his ears, brown eyes clouded with want yet shining with curiosity and excitement - you couldn't blame him if he wanted to wreck the younger boy even more, mess him up until he forgot his own name and could only chant Taehyung's. To be completely honest – he had never expected to just blurt out a confession like that. He just never could picture a scenario in which the younger singer reciprocated his feelings. But when Jungkook had looked at him in that moment, looking so vulnerable, yet strangely hopefully at the same time...Taehyung had just known. In that moment, everything seemed to click into place; every stolen glance the other had ever sneaked at him; the way the maknae jumped from excited puppy to flustered mess in a matter of seconds with just a simple shift of Taehyung's hand on the other's waist or neck; how irrationally upset he got at himself whenever he would make a mistake in front of Taehyung. He had always known Jungkook wore his heart on his sleeve. It had been so obvious. Why didn't he realize it until now? 


Still, whenever he would dream of confessing his feelings to the maknae, it went differently in his head. He always thought that he would be able tell the younger male all the things he loved about him, all the things that made him fall for the brunette. That he would be able to disperse all those stupid self-doubts the other seemed to harbor. But in that moment, he hadn't been able to voice even a single of those thoughts to the younger singer. His head had drawn a blank. And yet, he wanted Jungkook to understand 

properly

 what he meant with his words. That he didn't just like the other as a fellow band member, as a friend, as a brother.
 He wanted Jungkook to understand that he liked him, as a potential boyfriend. A lover. A partner for life. But Taehyung had always been bad with words. So instead, he relied on his body to convey all of those feelings swelling in his chest.





And judging by the other male's reactions, he had been successful.


Also, he would be lying if he said he hadn't been craving being able to worship the brunette's delicious body from head to toe...

An astounded 'oh' tore the blonde from his thoughts. He noticed the brunette's gaze was cast down, somewhere between their bodies, an expression of genuine surprise on his handsome features.
“You are..hard, too.”
Taehyung didn't even try to suppress the laughter bubbling in him at the maknae's weird remark, collapsing against the other's shoulder, shaking with giggles.
“Well, duh.” He forced out between snickers, expecting the brunette to react indignantly and smack him for laughing, but the young singer just let out another 'oh', sounding more breathless this time. Taehyung grinned mischievously into the brunette's shoulder at that reaction, tilting his hips up to grind his erection against the younger male's thigh, relishing the stuttered gasp it earned him in response.
“See? This is what you do to me” he purred into the other's ear, biting the shell playfully and making the younger boy shiver. “Why are you surprised? I told you I like you. You can't blame me for wanting to eat you up, when you look this delectable...”

The last words he all but growled into the younger male's ear, relishing the shiver it earned him. He heard Jungkook swallow hard in anticipation, and it made him want to tease the other. Deciding to be smug, the blond took his sweet time sliding his right hand out of the other's grasp, fingers grazing over the slightly sweaty palm, dancing over the sensitive skin of the paler boy's wrist before slipping down his arm, over his shoulder. Skimming up and down the brunette's side teasingly, his hand finally reached its desired destination. Slowly, he let his long fingers slip under the hem of the black tee the maknae was wearing beneath an unbuttoned dress shirt, impatient to finally touch some skin. The first thing he noticed was how hot the maknae's skin was feeling to the touch. The other seemed to practically be burning up, and Taehyung's comparably cold fingers ghosting over the heated skin made the brunette shiver deliciously. Taehyung loved it, reveled in how sensitive Jungkook was to his every touch. The second thing he noticed though, as his hands slid up higher, was the broad black Velcro band still wrapped Jungkook's middle, holding microphone and wires in place underneath his outfit. The maknae must have stormed off before having it taken off. It was definitely in the way, but Taehyung didn't trust himself to remove it without accidentally damaging something, so albeit disgruntled, he left it on. He dragged the shirt's fabric up as he let his hand roam up the maknae's toned upper body, palm pressed tightly against hot, smooth skin. He couldn't help but marvel at the prominent dips and curves of the younger male's abs and the hard planes of his pectorals, defined enough that, if he wanted, he could squeeze the muscles like he would a breast. Which he did. The mixture between startled moan and embarrassed yelp the maknae let out at that was music to his ears. “Cut..i-it out, Tae...I'm not a stress toy” Jungkook huffed as Taehyung continued to knead his pecs with his large hand; unable to bring himself to push the blond's hand away despite the initial embarrassment - because it felt oddly 

nice


.



Taehyung just hummed in response, letting his fingers fan out further. “But it feels good to squeeze it. Besides..” The blond grinned in satisfaction at the breathless moan slipping past Jungkook's lips when his fingers lightly brushed the younger singer's nipple. “..you seem to be enjoying it

.

”

Using his other hand to hold up the hem of the shirt, he let his fingertips brush against the sensitive bud again, feathery light, until he could feel it harden under his touch. Putting it between his thumb and forefinger, he gave it experimental pinch. Jungkook sucked it a sharp breath at that, unconsciously grinding his hips down on Taehyung's thigh. Satisfied with the response, the blond continued teasing the nipple, gently kneading it between his fingers, then giving it a sharp tug. He could feel the brunette's hands were now buried in his hair, desperate for something to grasp onto as he let out the sweetest gasps and whimpers. He was going to make the boy writhe in pleasure, slowly worship the maknae's body just like he had planned. What he wasn't prepared for though, was for Jungkook to arch his back off the concrete wall sensually, pressing his hips close to Tae's. Bringing his lips to the elder's ear, the boy breathed a soft “M-More..” into it and Taehyung was a goner. There was no way he was holding back now, when the boy he had been crushing on since their debut was urging him on like that. Letting out a low groan, he was on the younger singer in a flash again, like a starving animal. His lips latched unto the closest patch of milky white skin he could reach, sucking angry red hickeys all over it, not caring who might see later.




Jungkook's POV:


Jungkook's body was shaking with shivers while the blond kissed, licked and bit at his chest, abusing his quickly flushing nipples with his teeth and lips until the younger boy could do nothing but moan, fisting the other's hair roughly as pleasure shot through his veins like lightning. God, he was getting so hot, he wished he wouldn't be wearing all those clothes right now, they were in the way. He didn't even care anymore how needy he must seem as he ground his hips down harshly on the elder's strong thigh, his groin and lower stomach pooling with an unbearable heat he just wanted to ease. His already tight jeans were getting more restricting by the second, and the way Tae's hands were rubbing sensual circles over his hipbones and trailing teasingly up his sides was making him weak in the knees again. The brunette tried hard to stay quiet, to reign in the groans and whimpers escaping his lips, but it was 

so

 

hard

. Taehyung's hot breath against his heated skin got his head spinning, and somewhere in the back of his mind, he registered how labored and strained the blond's breathing sounded too and how clearly he could feel the outline of the other's hardened cock against his leg and damn, he wanted to touch it so bad. Tae was hard for 

him

 and that thought was enough to make the brunette almost keel over with lust. Pulling up the older singer's head by his hair, he smashed his lips against the other's mouth in a hungry kiss. It was a little clumsy and had their teeth clacking together, but the blond adjusted their angle quickly and wasted no time in thrusting his tongue into the younger male's mouth. Their muffled moans and heavy breathing bounced of the walls in the enclosed space and drowned them in the sound of their own lewd noises. Both of them were starting to get dizzy, drunken off the heat of the situation; hands roaming up and down each other's bodies, trying to touch as much as possible, to get even closer. Rolling their hips in unison to get some kind of friction off the other, but it wasn't enough, not nearly and their desperation seeped into their kiss, making it messy, all tongues twisting, teeth biting, devouring each other. This time, Jungkook was the one to break the kiss, licking up the saliva that was starting to drip down the side of his mouth. Panting hard into the blond's shoulder, he pressed wanton little kisses up the column of the elder's throat, whining into his ear heatedly.

“H-Hyung....Taetae..please...it's not enough..”
“I know, baby..I know..” Taehyung groaned huskily into the brunette's soft hair, trembling hands already working between their bodies to get them both out of the confines of their trousers. “I'll make you feel so good, Kookie..just wait.”
Jungkook buried his face in the blond's shoulder, muffling a needy whimper in the elder's jacket when long fingers finally slid beneath his waistband, grasping a hold of his painfully hard member, already slick with his own precome. For a moment, Jungkook had the mind to feel embarrassed at how wet he was. He was already much closer to coming than he wanted to admit, just from this little touching. But to Jungkook, who was only used to the feel of his own palm, this was a lot, this was new and dizzying and making his whole body shudder with suppressed pleasure. He groaned hotly into the dark fabric of the other's jacket when he felt Taehyung's own rock-hard, pulsating member slide against his. The heat was almost scorching, and a sharp jolt of pleasure shoot right up his spine at the sensation. “A-Ah...Tae..oh god”
The blond slowly wrapped his long fingers around their lengths, encircling the both of them easily with his large hand, giving them a hard squeeze that had Jungkook almost sobbing against his shoulder. “Oh god, oh god, oh god..”
The blond just grinned smugly against the temple of the trembling boy in his arms, starting to rub them painfully slow.
“You don't have to call me that..Taehyung's fine” the singer chuckled, but his voice sounded rough and strained, being mad with want himself but trying so hard to hold back and make this as pleasurable for his dongsaeng as possible.
“S-Shut..up..nggh” came the weak response, the maknae being barely able to form a coherent thought with the way Taehyung's hand moved around his erection and the other's hard length slid and rubbed against his, slicked with both of their fluids. He could feel every callous on the blond's fingers as they squeezed his heated flesh teasingly, every vein on the blond's hard dick where it was pressed up against his own. The pace his hyung was setting was so maddeningly slow, Jungkook was sure he would lose his mind if this went on. He felt so hot all over, already feeling small droplets of sweat roll down his neck and temples; his veins were searing with fire, he could feel the tingling pleasure even in his fingertips, everything was coiling, burning, spinning. He just wanted Tae to speed up, goddamnit! But the elder was having none of it, ignoring his whines and moans of “F-Faster..please“ and “Tae..please..more” and was instead focusing on gently rubbing his sensitive tip, packed with nerve bundles, until Jungkook though he was seeing stars. He closed his eyes and threw his head back in a desperate whimper, the sensation totally overwhelming. But Taehyung didn't let up, nor did he show any mercy on the needy brunette, continuously switching between languid strokes, gentle squeezes and relentless rubs, peppering the maknae's face and neck with kisses meanwhile to placate him. It wasn't enough for Jungkook though; by now he had most of his body weight leaning against the wall behind him for support, because he didn't trust his legs to hold him up anymore. His hands were scrambling against Taehyung's chest for some kind of support against the teasing, not-enough-to-satisfy pleasure that was starting to make his eyes start to prick with in desperation. The blond's other hand was squeezing his ass in a way that made Jungkook just want to spread his legs for the elder and beg for filthy things. Who knew he could be so needy when it came to sex? All the brunette knew was that he wanted to come, so, so bad. He tried to thrust up into the blond's fist to get just a little more friction, but the hand on his behind held his hips back successfully. Jungkook almost groaned in frustration, head tossing from side to side as he his whole body writhed in pleasure under the elder's ministrations. Just why was his hyung teasing him like that? It wasn't fair...
Gasps of Taehyung's name and begs for more mixed between the moans spilling from his parted, swollen lips, and finally, the blond decided to have some mercy on the maknae. Pressing soft kisses to the corners of the brunette's open mouth, Taehyung whispered hoarsely, barely sustaining his own groans. “Say that you like me again, Kookie..then I'll let you come.”
The request was so sweet Jungkook almost smiled at it, if it wasn't for the filthy things the blond's skillful hands were still doing to him. It was a favor he didn't mind granting the elder. Ever since he first voiced those feelings aloud to the other, he felt like he would never get tired of saying those words.
 
“I..ah..I l-like you Tae...I really..really like you..”
 

The mixture of affectionate laugh and lust-filled sigh the blond let out at his words did weird things to Jungkook's insides, and he was filled with the overwhelming desire to kiss the blond. So he did. Their lips were immediately sealed in a melting kiss, rough with want and pleasure but also incredibly sweet – just like Taehyung. Jungkook let his eyes flutter shut again, leaning into the kiss, putting everything into it, pouring out his soul into this press of lips against lips. His chest felt so light, his mind was in a haze of just 

Taehyung Taehyung Taehyung...


He was soon ripped out of his daze when the kiss turned more heated, lips tugging and biting harshly on his lower lip while the hand around their lengths sped up, rubbing harder, faster, rougher.
He could feel the blond growl against his lips; a low, animalistic sound that sent shivers down the brunette's spine and told him the elder was affected by this as much as he was, both of them desperately wishing for release, rushing to their peak with every harsh stroke of Taehyung's hand. Jungkook's fingers were clawing at the elder's shirt, fisting the fabric in his hands as he panted harshly into the blond's ear.
“T-Tae..” he whispered between whimpered moans. “I..I'm so close..”
“Me..too baby,” came the breathless reply, Taehyung's hand pumping faster and faster to bring them to their release, using his other hand to pin down the brunette's hips, his grip surely hard enough to bruise, but neither of them minded. The spinning in Jungkook's head got worse and worse with every stroke, he could feel the familiar pull in his lower stomach, the heat spreading from his groin throughout his lower body. One last mind-numbing squeeze from the blond's hand was enough to push him over the edge; his body writhing and spasming against the elder's hands as lights exploded in front of his eyes, blinding his vision as he came, mouth open in a silent scream. Ribbons of come spurted from his tip, painting Taehyung's member and palm in white. The blond followed soon after, climaxing with a deep groan against Jungkook's neck with a few more harsh strokes that milked the maknae's already softening member dry, making the brunette wince at the sensitiveness. Jungkook could feel Taehyung's exhausted body slump against his; the others limbs probably feeling just as boneless as Jungkook's at the moment. For a few moments, they just stood there, leaning heavily against the wall, heaving chests pressed together, trying to catch their breaths, coming down from the dizzying high of their orgasm. They were sweat-soaked, and it was a little taxing holding up both his and Taehyung's body weight, but Jungkook didn't mind. It felt good. It felt right.




Taehyung's POV:




The first thing Taehyung noticed as he recovered from his, frankly mind-blowing, orgasm, was his face mushed into the crook of Jungkook's neck. It must be a strain on the younger male if he was leaning on the other with his full weight, but he couldn't find it in himself to get up yet. His body still felt deliciously numb with the aftermath, every breath filled his lungs with the sweet scent of the perfume the brunette loved to wear (it's the one I gave him for his 18th birthday, hell how did I not notice earlier...this sweet dork is so obvious) and he could feel the young singer's slowly softening member pulse weakly against his palm. If it wasn't for the uncomfortable slick feeling of their semen trickling down his wrist, and his worry it might drip down and stain their clothes, he might not have moved at all. Reluctantly, he removed himself from the inviting warmth and softness of the maknae's body and straightened up, preparing to clean up all the evidence of their previous activity.
Glad he had been able to catch most of their come in his palm, Taehyung slowly released their now soft members and used his other hand to fumble out a tissue from his jacket pocket. Wiping his palm clean first, he then proceeded to wipe up all the stray droplets on the floor, and then, using another tissue, cleaning their members of any leftover residue. Crumbling up the used tissues, he tossed them into what he dearly hoped was a waste bin and not some kind of creative set piece. As he tucked himself back into his trouser, he saw that the maknae had already finished getting dressed again and was now working on fixing his appearance as best as possible. He seemed to be especially struggling to get his tousled hair back to a more presentable state so he wouldn't look quite as fucked out as he actually was. Taehyung grinned as he realized what an useless endeavor that was going to be; because there was still the brunette's brightly flushed cheeks, his slightly sweat dampened bangs, the wrinkles in his clothes where they had been bunched up to reveal skin, his kiss-swollen, reddened lips that looked like they just got thoroughly ravished...and of course that certain glint in the maknae's dark eyes. Yep, he looked properly fucked out. Tae was rather proud of his work. And let's not forget the angry purple bruises peeking out from beneath the shirts neckline, showing everyone who this sexy, cute, insecure boy belonged to. The makeup noonas were probably going to be scandalized, and angry with all the extra work needed to cover them up, but Taehyung could barely care less. Jungkook was his now, and he wanted the whole world to see.
Somewhere in the back he could hear voices calling, most likely looking for the two of them so the next recording could start in time. Taehyung should probably be more alarmed, but he could barely muster the motivation to give his outfit more than a quick brush-off. He was going to look disheveled no matter what. He was feeling way too happy to care. He saw the maknae panic and finish fixing his outfit to the best of his abilities. The younger singer was about to rush back to the others when the blond grabbed his arm, pulling the younger back to his side. Using his hand to tilt the brunette's chin, he locked the maknae's eyes in an intense stare. Letting his thumb absentmindedly brush over the younger male's swollen lower lip, he spoke with a voice full of affection. “That was nice.”
The dazed glint still hadn't faded from the maknae's beautiful maroon orbs as he met Taehyung's gaze. Unable to bring out a word at the moment, the young singer just nodded, swallowing hard at the intense gaze the other was directing at him.
“I think when we're back in the dorms later, we should take some time and talk about...all that”, Tae murmured softly, not quite able to mask the uneasiness bubbling inside of him at the uncertainty of their new situation. But it was alright. They would figure it out together.
“For now...Just remember” The blonde pressed a short, soft kiss to the brunette's lips. “I like you. Just the way you are. Fuck ups and all.”
Instead of responding, Jungkook simply leaned in and pressed another kiss to his hyung's lips, lingering for just a bit longer before slowly pulling away and flashing Taehyung a shy smile.
“I know, Tae.”
The blond just grinned at that, big hand ruffling the hair the younger had tried so hard to style back to how it was, ignoring the maknae's indignant cry of 'hyung!' and the hands swatting him away. “Okay! Let's go back then!” he declared before throwing an arm around the pouting brunette's shoulders, pulling him back into the direction of the dressing rooms. Just before they re-entered the busy flurry of people rushing around the filming site, Taehyung leaned down to whisper something into Jungkook's ear.
 
“Maybe later I can show you how to properly blow my sax...if you know what I mean.”
 
“Hyung!!”
 
 



Afterword


End Notes
So how did you like it?I know I exaggerated the situation but it was for the sake of vkook fluff, so forgive pls? :3I'm still new with writing for bangtan so please excuse the awkward writing! (Also, it's unbeta-ed so help me find those mistakes!)I hope I can get to write more vkook soon :)
***She said, while still not having written another vkook piece to this day. I swear, I'll get around to it eventually. I'm currently working on a Sequel to 'It's Okay', so I didn't want to start a completely new project. Instead I decided to give this old piece another try. Hope you liked it. Come tell me your thoughts in the comments or just hmu on my tumblr

tae being a saxophone/sexy porn star



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



