



arrived at gate - sequoiasem - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

arrived at gate
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17040080.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Namjoon | RM/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Non-Famous, Fluff, airport reunions, Cuddling and Snuggling, min yoongi is very happy about it, so is kim namjoon, Gross domesticity, it's good to be home
Series:
Part 7 of
the author and the architect
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-17
        Words: 10443
      

arrived at gate
by sequoiasem
Summary
min yoongi would like to personally fight airport traffic, or the necessity of book tours, or possibly both
Notes
because sarah wanted to know what happened next. sarah, patrice bergeron :)
special thanks to mi and raffa who listened to me yell about kissing for two days straight and still read things over to reassure me i wasn't way off base and to catch typos. not sure how they aren't sick of me yet

          See the end of the work for more notes




arrived at gate

The skin on Yoongi’s thumb is red and puffy long before the airport comes into view. It isn’t his fault he can’t seem to stop picking at it. It’s the fault of the traffic ahead, inching forward with a speed that could easily be outpaced by a determined snail. The temptation to get out and walk is not small.
“Accident ahead,” says the driver. He sounds nervous. Yoongi can’t think why, or at least, he can’t think why until he catches sight of his expression in the rear-view mirror. He’s been told by friends that he has something of an intimidating stare when he’s annoyed or impatient. The driver seems to share their opinion.
Yoongi grunts acknowledgement of the words because what else is there to do? Namjoon’s plane is on its way to landing, according to the flight tracker Yoongi is refreshing every third second, and where is he? He’s stuck in traffic. Life is just peachy.
I hate traffic, he texts the group, in a moment of weakness. His thumbs hover over the keyboard as he debates if there’s anything else he’d like to say, but before he can get so much as a character down there’s a reply.
Hoseok
Should have let me drive you, we would’ve been there already.

Seokjin
Yah, should have let /me/ drive you, we would’ve been there an hour ago!
Jimin
Should’ve let me drive :( Am I not a good driver? :( Did you not trust me? :(
Yoongi mutes the conversation, although he keeps reading the replies as it devolves yet again into a conversation, a debate, really, about who Yoongi should have got to drive him to Incheon airport instead of hiring a complete stranger to do it. Reading his friends banter helps keep his mind off the fact that in two minutes they’ve moved a whole two centimetres forward.
Namjoon’s airplane has moved a lot farther than two centimetres in those two minutes. Its arrival time hasn’t changed at all, a fact that fills Yoongi’s limbs with a nervous buzz he can’t quite ignore. He doesn’t want to hope for a flight delay, because it’s been twenty four days since he gave Namjoon a hug and watched him walk into the security line and he’s tired of waiting, but at the same time it’s been twenty four days. He wants to make sure he’s at the arrivals area when Namjoon gets there.
He flips away from watching the map and thumbs open his chat with Namjoon. The last message was hours ago.
Namjoon
Alright airplane mode engaged!
See you soon hyung!
Love you!
Yoongi’s Love you too has a small 1 beside it. Namjoon is always so conscientious about using airplane mode. Yoongi finds that in this case he doesn’t mind. It will be the first notification Namjoon gets when he lands.
The car crawls forward, and while under normal circumstances Yoongi would find it incredibly frustrating, given their average speed over the last fifteen minutes he finds himself tamping down a cheer. The car keeps crawling forward and his heart quickens. He flips back to the flight tracker. There’s still a chance they might make it before Namjoon’s plane lands.
There must be some change in his expression because the next time the driver speaks he sounds much less nervous. “Can see the accident now. Should be past it in just a couple more minutes.”
“Good,” says Yoongi absently.  “Good, good.”
He flips back to the group chat for something to do. Their friends are making bets about whether or not they’re going to end up traumatizing the general public with displays of affection. They’re doing a fine job of carrying the conversation without him, so rather than say anything he looks back out the window. 
They pass the accident, Yoongi’s heart accelerating along with the car as he sees that the road ahead of them is clear, and there’s a sign in the distance pronounces that they’re approaching the airport. He doesn’t breathe a sigh of relief but it’s a close thing. Only two more of his fingers end up with the skin peeled off as they drive, and as he watches the status of Namjoon’s flight switch from On Time to Arrived at Gate.
He’s here. Namjoon is here, back on the ground, not somewhere across the Pacific or anywhere lost in the Pacific, a fear Yoongi only lets himself think about now that the plane has landed. He used to think flights were bad, but he was wrong. Flights aren’t nearly as bad as being on the ground while Namjoon is in the air.
His phone dings.
Namjoon
Landed :)
Yoongi
Welcome home!
Namjoon
Not home yet.
Yoongi bites back a laugh that is at least half a sob.
Yoongi
Sap
Now no more texting
I don’t want you to get distracted and forget your bag
Or your passport
Or your phone
Namjoon
If I’m texting you I can’t forget my phone now can I
Yoongi
I’m ignoring you now
Namjoon
Hyung no!
Hyung come back!
I can see you’re seeing these!
Are you serious???
Hyung!
Ugh fine :(
(Love you)
Yoongi grins.
Yoongi
(Love you too)
“Sir?” says the driver, and Yoongi realizes that while he was busy texting Namjoon he completely missed the fact that they’d pulled all the way up to the arrivals area. He scrambles to slip his phone back in his coat pocket with his wallet, then grabs his gloves and the sign of the bench beside him. As he slides to the door he can feel the hat, sitting by itself on the far seat, staring him down. It really does look a lot like the one the driver is wearing. Seokjin hadn’t even asked why Yoongi had wanted one, had just known a person who knew a person, then delivered it yesterday with one of his horribly obnoxious knowing looks.
Yoongi doesn’t look as he grabs it and finishes sliding out of the car, slamming the door behind him. It’s a good idea, Seokjin’s knowing looks be damned.
The brisk late-November wind is cold, but he’ll be inside soon enough that he doesn’t bother to do more than pin his coat closed with his arms as he taps on the passenger window. “I’ll text you when we’re ready to leave,” he says when the driver rolls it down, as if he hadn’t mentioned it back at the beginning of the drive too, when he’d checked to make sure the driver knew he would be staying around while Yoongi picked up Namjoon properly, and in the special instructions section of the online booking form.
The driver nods, face the impassive face of someone who is working very hard not to smile. Yoongi nods back, then hurries away to join the crowds entering the airport before he can remind the driver of anything else he obviously already knows.
The arrivals board is easy enough to find even with the fifty million people crammed into the arrivals hall, towering over the crowd with a commanding presence. Namjoon’s plane is listed as having arrived here too, which is nice confirmation to have. The website hadn’t lied. It even has an arrivals gate listed, so Yoongi heads to gate D and claims a seat on a bench, well behind the swarms of people and drivers with signs and hats pressed up against the barrier. He puts his own sign and hat on his lap and settles in for a wait.
Within five minutes he’s standing again, because he isn’t about to take up a whole seat on a bench when there’s a grandmother who can use it. “I’m waiting for my grandkids,” she explains, unable or unwilling to see that Yoongi isn’t necessarily interested in having a conversation at this point in time. Somehow the crowds seem thicker, now that he’s standing, and it’s setting his teeth on edge. “They’re coming from America. Look, see, they sent me a picture when they got on the plane.”
She shows him her phone, on which there’s a picture of two girls, both with braces and their hair pulled back, one in braids and one in pigtails.
“It’s their first time visiting Korea. We built a list of places they want to see. We’re going to start with…”
The more obvious it becomes that she doesn’t really need his input to hold this conversation the more relaxed he feels. It isn’t long before he finds the energy to make a concerted effort to show an interest, to listen to the itinerary they have planned, to ask questions. She’s an engaging conversationalist — he wishes he could give her his full attention but he can’t help scanning the crowd every time the doors open just in case through some miracle of airport security Namjoon has cut twenty minutes off the usual amount of time to get through customs.
“Who are you waiting for?” she asks during a lull.
“My partner,” he answers, flipping the sign around so she can see Namjoon’s name printed on it. Yoongi had spent his Friday afternoon abusing his superiors’ trust in his ability to work unsupervised to experiment with the different fonts and foamcore available to him until he got something approximating the signs airport limo drivers always held in dramas and movies. The grandmother studies the sign for a few minutes, then eyes the hat now resting on Yoongi’s head and the knot of the tie around Yoongi’s throat. Her face splits in a grin, wrinkles on wrinkles on wrinkles. Her laugh lines are plentiful, and her smile lines are deep. Yoongi hopes he ages the same way.
“He’ll be delighted,” she says. “Has it been long?”
It’s a surreal experience, talking to this woman in the arrivals hall about the love of his life, but Yoongi finds himself helpless to stop. After the first few awkward sentences, where he tries to say too much and ends up saying not enough, he finds himself relaxing into it. It helps him pass the time, with the added bonus that it keeps him from checking his phone too often.
It’s a nice conversation, and he’s almost disappointed when he hears he hears twin shrieks of “Grandma! Grandpa!” as two small, dark haired streaks of brightly coloured clothing launch themselves at their grandparents.
“Mija! Hayoon! You made it at last!”
“We did!” says the taller of the two. Her hair is still in braids, like it was in the photograph.
“And we didn’t have to flap our arms at all over the ocean,” says the shorter, giving her grandfather a withering look. He shrugs, and although his face doesn’t become a sea of wrinkles in the same way that the grandmother’s does, the change in his expression speaks of nothing but joy.
“And did you bring any of that LA sun with you?” the grandfather asks, scooping his granddaughter into a hug.
Yoongi stands straighter. “LA?”
“Oh!” says the grandmother. “Isn’t that where your Namjoon was coming from?”
Without their conversation to distract him, Yoongi is hit again by the sheer overwhelming size of the crowd. He isn’t short, exactly, but he certainly doesn’t have the height to see over the mass of heads to the gate from where he is. He barely hears the grandmother say “It was nice talking to you!” as he drifts hurriedly away, trying to sidle closer to the front.
Everyone is so goddamned tall, and they don’t know how to use baggage carts or watch where they are going. He has to dodge out of the way of several for fear of his toes. By the time he finds a spot that seems to be clear enough of people he can pause and take a breath another wave of people has exited the arrivals doors.
He stands on tiptoe and strains to see better, even though it means his dress shoes pinch at his toes. He can’t see Namjoon, or Namjoon’s painted suitcase, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t there somewhere, hidden by the masses. He steps to the side and tries again, bouncing up and down in a way that is sure to be getting him funny looks until-
There, between two heads, just for a second, he thought he saw-
“Joon-ah!” he yells, triumphant. He can’t help a few extra excited bounces as he points and waves. Namjoon glances in his direction but doesn’t see him. Yoongi yells, “Joon-ah!” again, and then, “Kim Namjoon!” and-
There. They lock eyes, in person, in the flesh, and Yoongi gets to watch Namjoon’s smile transform his face. His whole posture changes from world weary traveler to second-happiest-person-on-the-planet in an instant. Yoongi would say happiest-person-on-the-planet except there is no chance anyone is happier than he is in this moment.
The press of bodies around him makes it impossible to run properly, but Yoongi squirms and squirms and squirms through until he finds a clear path and there Namjoon is, running straight toward him.
Any sense of decorum Yoongi had hoped to cling to is gone. He’s running now, running as fast as he can, and Namjoon lets go of his suitcase to open his arms, and Yoongi opens his, and-
They collide.
It feels good, to have Namjoon’s chest pressed against his own, Namjoon’s arms hooking under Yoongi’s as Yoong throws them around Namjoon’s neck. It feels surreal too, as if the past weeks are erased in this moment, as if they happened to someone else. Namjoon smells stale, like the canned air of an airplane, and a bit sweaty under the strong scent of his cologne. Yoongi sticks his nose in it anyways, burying his head against the juncture of Namjoon’s shoulder and neck, feeling Namjoon press a kiss to the top of his hair before tilting his head to the side so they fit together most snugly. Yoongi’s hat must have come off when he ran, he realizes distantly. He doesn’t much care. He can always find Seokjin a new one.
Time slips sideways. Yoongi curls his fingers in the slack of Namjoon’s coat as he squeezes in an effort to get himself closer. He might feel bad, except that Namjoon is doing the same, clutching at Yoongi helplessly, sagging into his shoulder. Namjoon never sleeps well on planes, too worried about his limbs being in someone’s way, or his snoring keeping others awake, and for him it feels like… 
“Fuck, I hate timezones,” Yoongi breathes as he gives up on the math. 
Namjoon’s shoulders shake under Yoongi’s arms as he laughs. “Me too.”
There’s a polite noise beside them, someone clearing their throat to catch their attention. Yoongi hates that he has to pull his nose away from what is its rightful home to see who it is. “Excuse me?” says the man, dressed in the uniform of one of the airlines - although damned if Yoongi knows which. “Sir? Is this your bag?”
He’s holding Namjoon’s bag by the handle as if it might bite him.
“Oh,” says Namjoon, “Yes. Thank you.”
Namjoon doesn’t move to take his arms out from their hug. Behind the man Yoongi can see several other airport goers working hard to pretend like they weren’t staring a second ago. He taps Namjoon twice on the back, a reassurance that he isn’t going far as much as an indication that he’s going to move. Namjoon makes a noise of protest but lets him.
“Thank you,” Yoongi repeats as he reaches for the bag. He lets his right hand trail casually down Namjoon’s left until he gets with the program and twines their fingers together. “He can be forgetful sometimes.”
The airline employee doesn’t look anything except tired as he hands over the bag. Namjoon squeezes Yoongi’s hand. Yoongi squeezes right back, and feels something burn at the back of his eyes. The airline employee walks off. Yoongi curls back in to the enveloping circle of Namjoon’s arms and rests his forehead against Namjoon’s shoulder. Namjoon takes the hint and kisses the top of his head again.
Time has no meaning while they stand there, Yoongi breathing deeply to try and douse the burning in his eyes and throat, Namjoon breathing deeply. They stay like that until Yoongi notices Namjoon’s breathing starting to even out. He loves Namjoon, he really does, but he isn’t interested in acting as a sleeping post for him. “Ah ah ah,” he says, pulling back. Namjoon grumbles sleepily and sways forward. Something horribly fond blossoms in Yoongi’s chest. “Home. Don’t you want to go home?”
Namjoon mumbles sleepily again, this time something that sounds suspiciously like am home tho which can’t possibly be right. For one thing they have a frankly ridiculous amount of driving to do before they get to their apartment. For another they are in public, and if Namjoon said what Yoongi thinks he might have heard Yoongi is going to actually break down crying and they don’t have time for that now.
“Home,” he repeats, as he fishes his phone out of his pocket. The driver hasn’t texted yet, although a glance at the clock makes Yoongi swallow. It certainly doesn’t feel like it’s only been five minutes since Namjoon walked through the doors, no matter what his phone says.
We’re ready, he texts, then turns his attention to the ground. The hat and his sign have ended up against a large advertising placard. He tows Namjoon and Namjoon’s suitcase toward them, the wheels rolling smoothly, Namjoon following obligingly behind. Namjoon is definitely tired — he doesn’t even ask why Yoongi is stopping to pick up a hat and sign, just lets his eyes close when they stop moving and blinking them open again when Yoongi starts again.
They go outside and Namjoon whimpers at the wind. Yoongi lets go of the suitcase to reel him in and wrap him in warmth as best he can, saying,“Don’t worry, the car will be here any second.”
“Car?” Namjoon asks.
“Didn’t want to give any of our friends the temptation of videoing us today,” Yoongi admits. “You know them. Might be too much to resist.”
That’s part of the truth anyways, the part of the truth that he lets himself tell the others. The whole truth is that he wants Namjoon to himself for a while, wants to hold Namjoon’s hand and kiss Namjoon’s cheek and sigh Namjoon’s name without needing to worry at all about anyone accidentally breaking the moment by giggling.
“You think of everything,” Namjoon says, extracting one of his arms from Yoongi’s embrace to drape it along Yoongi’s shoulders. Yoongi lets himself melt into the touch, careless of who might be watching. Namjoon is back. Let them stare.
They are quiet then, with nothing more pressing to do then stay wrapped up in each other. Yoongi shifts only once, when he has to readjust his grip on the hat and sign, but it makes Namjoon grumble about pillows not being allowed to make any sudden movements anyways. “Your pillow is about to move again,” Yoongi says into the thick collar of Namjoon’s coat. “Car’s here. C’mon, only like two more steps until you can actually sleep.”
“Sleep,” Namjoon agrees, but he stays where he is.
“Joon-ah, come on, do you like standing in the cold?”
“Yes,” says Namjoon. It isn’t that Namjoon hadn’t been petulant and pouty ever in their weeks of video-calls, but it’s one thing to hear his voice, petulant and pouty, over a bad internet connection. It’s another thing entirely to have it spoken directly into his hair, Namjoon’s breath warm on his scalp, arm tugging Yoongi in tighter. It’s almost enough to make Yoongi want to stay right where he is, but then the driver opens the passenger door and a waft of warm air envelopes them both.
Namjoon makes a noise that makes Yoongi’s insides go all funny as he drags Yoongi into the back seat. Yoongi follows quickly, determined not to be in the cold any longer than necessary, tosses hat and sign on the seat beside them, and shuts the door very firmly.
“Seatbelt,” Yoongi reminds Namjoon gently, untangling their hands when it becomes clear Namjoon isn’t going to do it himself. “Seatbelt Kim Namjoon, I don’t care how slow traffic is.”
“Sometimes you are disgustingly responsible, did you know that?” Namjoon grumbles, even as he grabs behind his shoulder to pull the belt forward. He clips it into place, then shifts his hips and chest a bit so he can show it off properly. “Happy?”
Yoongi grins. “Very.” He reaches out to run two careful fingers along Namjoon’s jaw, because the driver isn’t in the car yet and he can. Namjoon lets out a noise akin to a purr and tilts his face into it. 
“How disappointed in me are you going to be if I fall asleep on the car ride back?” Namjoon asks, shifting his shoulders the other way this time so he’s leaning into Yoongi’s chest. Yoongi’s arm comes up automatically to wrap behind his shoulders.
“Are you going to wake up and suddenly decide to get back on any airplanes?”
He can feel the full body shudder Namjoon lets out at the thought. He suppresses a grin.
“Then sleep away, beauty.”
Namjoon presses his groan into Yoongi’s chest just as the driver gets back in. Yoongi glances up just in time to catch the look the man gives them in the rear-view mirror. He doesn’t think their position (Namjoon sitting in the middle, using Yoongi as his headrest instead of the car-provided one, Yoongi’s arm around his shoulders, both sets of hands holding tight) warrants the height of eyebrow raise they get, but he isn’t about to make them get up and change cars now that they’re already buckled in and paid up.
“You have the address?” he asks, more to let the driver know he’s been seen than anything else.
“Yessir,” the driver says smartly, releasing the handbrake and pulling smoothly out into traffic.
“Good,” Yoongi says, and then forgets about the man completely. Namjoon’s breathing might be even and deep, as if already asleep, but his fingers are questing over Yoongi’s lap in a way that sends a delicious warmth up Yoongi’s legs to pool in his lower stomach. Things are likely to get uncomfortable fast if he doesn’t do something about it so he uses his free hand to still Namjoon’s efforts through the simple expedient of linking their fingers together. It has the added bonus of making Namjoon sigh with contentment and shift just that much closer.
They’re half way home when Yoongi finally figures out an angle for his arm and Namjoon’s head that lets him play with Namjoon’s hair properly. It’s tacky with whatever hair product he’d used for styling before he started on his trip home, but that doesn’t stop Yoongi from carding his fingers through it in long, careful strokes. Namjoon rewards him for his efforts by bringing their joined hands to his mouth and brushing his lips over Yoongi’s knuckles, then gently kissing the inside bone of Yoongi’s wrist.
Yoongi keeps his breathing measured and even, not too deep and not too shallow, and glances at the mirror. Their driver has his eyes fixed firmly on the road. The classical music station he’d been playing on the way to the airport fills the cab, hopefully swallowing the small sigh Yoongi can’t quite contain when Namjoon drops his hand to Yoongi’s knee and squeezes
Yoongi is so focused on making sure he doesn’t react too overtly in any way to anything Namjoon does that he almost misses the fact that they’ve arrived at their apartment until the driver is opening his door and getting out. “We’re here,” he says quietly into Namjoon’s ear, then laughs as Namjoon sits bolt upright.
“We’re here?”
“Cotton in your ears?” he asks as he opens the door, smiling softly at Namjoon’s expression.
Namjoon might have been drowsing seconds ago but now he seems wide awake, scrambling quickly out of the cab behind Yoongi. The driver already has his luggage ready and waiting. Namjoon reaches for it while Yoongi grabs hat and sign off the seat (he’d gone through all the trouble of getting them at the airport, he isn’t about to leave them now) and gives the driver a quick nod of thanks.
With his free hand he grabs on to Namjoon and bodily drags them both forward into the warmth of their building. He might feel silly, being this eager to get inside, if he couldn’t feel the way he has to speed up to keep pace with Namjoon’s ever-increasing stride.
They’re practically running by the time they get to the elevator. It’s one of the longest rides of Yoongi’s life, even if it’s just the two of them in the mirrored box. He spends the time productively, making use of the various reflective surfaces to decide that yes, Namjoon really is that hot from every conceivable angle. Every few seconds their eyes slide together, Yoongi find himself locked in a stare that is tired, yes, but also full of promise. 
He fumbles his keys three times in the lock before Namjoon says, “Hyung, let me,” and gently moves him out of the way, sliding his own key in place instead and turning the lock. The hall feels incredibly hot as Namjoon opens the door and slips through, Yoongi’s breath blazing in his chest. He barely gets the door closed behind him before he finds he’s being crowded against it and thoroughly kissed. He drops the sign and the hat. He has a better use for his hands now.
This is why he didn’t kiss Namjoon in the airport, why he wasn’t sad that Namjoon didn’t take any of the many opportunities to kiss him. Namjoon’s mouth is hot and wet (and tastes like morning-breath even though it’s evening) and pliant under Yoongi’s, and now that they’ve started kissing he’s not sure he’d be able to figure out how to stop even if he wanted to.
Namjoon’s shoulders are warm and solid in Yoongi’s arms, Namjoon’s arms warm and solid behind Yoongi’s back. Even through the coat he can feel the large span of Namjoon’s hands along his spine, knows Namjoon can feel him shiver as he takes a quick break from the deeper, thorough kisses he’s been stealing from Yoongi’s mouth to mouth along his jaw, adjust their position a bit so Yoongi doesn’t have a doorknob lodged in his side.
“Off,” Yoongi says at last, pushing at Namjoon’s coat. It’s done up too well, and as nice as it is to kiss Namjoon he wants to hold him too, feel the broad expanse of Namjoon’s back under his fingertips, and he can’t when there’s a massive coat in the way. “Off, Joon-ah, come on, come-on.”
“So demanding, hyung,” Namjoon laughs, but he lets Yoongi unbutton and unzip him, then slip the coat off his shoulders and let it fall unceremoniously to the ground. Underneath he’s wearing travel clothing — loose sweater in a soft grey, probably over a loose t-shirt, and soft, loose track pants. He looks so comfortable that Yoongi has a moment where he wonders if maybe kissing isn’t what he wants to be doing right now after all. Maybe what he really wants is to bundle Namjoon into bed for an extended cuddling session followed by a long nap. He hasn’t been sleeping all too well, with Namjoon out of the country. They could pick up the whole kissing thing again after they’re better rested.
He’s seconds away from suggesting it when Namjoon licks his lips, chapped from the dry air of the airplane, already spit-slick from the attention Yoongi’s been lavishing on them, and he decides that maybe a bit more kissing before napping isn’t such a bad idea after all.
“Hyung,” Namjoon says a few minutes later, when Yoongi has his hands up the back of Namjoon’s shirt and debating the merits of sending one down his pants instead. “Hyung you still have your coat on, this isn’t fair at all, I’ve been a very patient man but even my patience has its limits.”
“What?” Yoongi asks, because talking isn’t the only thing Namjoon is very good at doing with his mouth, and he’s feeling a bit dazed. “What’s that?”
“Your coat,” Namjoon says, kissing along the column of Yoongi’s neck and then right behind his right ear. It’s cheating, quite frankly. He knows how hard it is for Yoongi to think when he does that. “Off.”
“Fine, fine, keep your shirt on,” Yoongi grumbles, although, now that he’s thought of it, Namjoon with his shirt off would be-
“Coat, hyung,” Namjoon reminds him.
“Fun spoiler,” Yoongi grumbles as he pulls his hands back from Namjoon’s ridiculously smooth skin and sheds his coat. “I want you to know I do this under duress, I had a rhythm going, and you- what is it?”
Namjoon had inhaled so sharply it interrupted Yoongi’s train of thought. Yoongi peers up at him, and his slack-jawed expression. “Namjoon? Everything okay up therein the stratosphere?”
“Hyung, you-” is all Namjoon manages before he actually takes a step back which is definitely not kissing Yoongi more.
Yoongi frowns, then follows Namjoon’s gaze right to-
His tie, now plainly visible.
Oh. Right.
In his excitement at seeing Namjoon his Great Plan, the plan where he would dress up like a limo driver complete with hat and gloves and sign and wait for Namjoon looking as sharply dressed as any man ever had, had completed slipped his mind. He was going to look suave and cool, like in the movies, and make Namjoon feel suave and cool as a result, and instead of being suave and cool he’d taken one look at Namjoon and completely forgotten about having dressed up underneath his coat until just now.
“Oh,” he says out loud, feeling the tips of his ears and the tops of his cheeks burn as he looks down at his vest, and the tie, and dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up twice, and slacks. He’d even shined his shoes. Who shines their shoes to pick someone up at an airport.
Namjoon still hasn’t said anything, is just staring at him, mouth agape. Yoongi doesn’t want to have to explain himself, but as the silence stretches he feels he has to. “You’re a fancy worldwide famous author now,” he says, crossing his arms in a way that is definitely defiant and not at all defensive. “You should be picked up from the airport in style.”
If it weren’t for the way Namjoon still blinked periodically, Yoongi might have suspected he’d become a disturbingly lifelike waxwork. 
“I borrowed the hat,” Yoongi says, nudging it into the corner where it’s less likely to be crushed. “And I mean, that’s why the sign has your name on it.”
Namjoon does move then, but it’s only to cover his face with his hands. “Oh my God, hyung. Jesus Christ. How are you this cute?”
“What? I’m not cute!” Yoongi’s voice breaks when he speaks in a way that definitely doesn’t help his cause.
“You definitely are,” Namjoon says. “Also incredibly hot, ridiculously hot, I cannot believe you can be so hot and also cute at the same time, I love you so much, oh my God.”
“You could say that again, if you want,” Yoongi says, the pleasant warmth suffusing his limbs turning into searing heat.
“I love you,” Namjoon repeats, and it’s Yoongi’s turn to have to hide his face although he does it by tipping forward and tucking it in Namjoon’s shoulder with a heartfelt groan. “I love you, Min Yoongi, how could I not, you dressed up to come get me from the airport, I-”
Yoongi kisses him, partly to shut him up but mostly because he wants to and he can, no fucking oceans in the way. Well, that and the fact that if Namjoon keeps talking there’s a half-decent chance they’re about to devolve into a level of emotional honesty he’s not sure he's ready to deal with in their tiny front hall.
For once Namjoon doesn’t pull back with an I wasn’t finished hyung or I know what you’re doing don’t think you can distract me. He surges forward instead, tipping Yoongi’s head back to get a better angle for his mouth, sliding his right hand down to the small of Yoongi’s back, pulling their hips flush in a way that makes Yoongi break the kiss to gasp. Namjoon makes a low, pleased sound at that, and it rumbles its way down Yoongi’s bones. Yoongi can feel them turning to jelly in its wake, and feel the way Namjoon’s arm tightens around him to make sure he doesn’t fall.
It’s a good feeling.
It’s a really good feeling.
“You smell so good,” Namjoon says into his neck a few minutes later. They’re both still mostly clothed, although everyone’s shirts are untucked, and Yoongi’s tie is loosened around his opened collar. Yoongi doesn’t smell good, he smells like nervous sweat and his hasty shit the car is here and there might be a delay at the airport gotta find something to eat snack, but he knows what does.
“That isn’t me,” he laughs, planting a kiss on Namjoon’s exposed collarbone, then smiling into it as Namjoon shivers. “That’s the soondubu-jjigae. Left it on the stove before I headed out. Just have to heat it up, if you’re hungry.”
He tilts his head back as far as the door will let him, looking straight into Namjoon’s stunned expression, and tries not to grin too broadly. There’s no need for Namjoon to know exactly how smug he’s feeling that he remembered, and managed to pull it off.
“You made. Soondubu-jjigae,” Namjoon repeats, in the voice of one who has just stumbled across the lost city of Atlantis. “And it’s on the stove. Right now.”
Yoongi lets his smile grow. “I believe that is what I said.”
“I wish I could be upset at how smug you are, but you have every right to be smug,” Namjoon complains, using both his arms to draw Yoongi in for a tight hug. Yoongi does his best to hug back but it’s difficult, what with how his arms pinned to his side. “How are you so brilliant? You are the smartest, kindest, most wonderful person-”
“You said and I quote ‘and as soon as I’m off the plane I want to eat my weight in your soondubu-jjigae, no one here does it right, you have spoiled me for all other-’”
Namjoon covers Yoongi’s mouth with his hand. Yoongi is laughing so hard he doesn’t even mind this missed opportunity for a kiss. “Yes, yes, I get it, thank you hyung.”
“You were very specific,” Yoongi says, still grinning, voice muffled by Namjoon’s hand, “And emphatic. I think you almost knocked that lamp over, you were waving your-”
This time Namjoon does silence him with a kiss, although he pulls back before Yoongi can even start to deepen it. Yoongi finds he doesn’t mind. It’s been a few weeks since they’ve been able to eat together. He’s looking forward to getting to experience a slice of normalcy after so many weeks of a disrupted routine.
“There’s soondubu-jjigae in the kitchen hyung. We aren’t going to keep it waiting, are we?”
There’s more than just eagerness to eat comfort food behind Namjoon’s drive. “You didn’t eat any of the airplane food, did you?” Yoongi laughs as he toes off his shoes and kicks them into the closet. They’ll probably end up scuffed. He doesn’t care.
Namjoon makes a face as he follows suit. “Even in the extra legroom seats I’m not sure if what they serve for meals actually counts as food.” His stomach picks that moment to gurgle unhappily. Yoongi bites back a grin.
The earthenware pot is exactly where he left it on the stove before the car came to pick him up for the airport. The wooden spoon he’d been using to stir rests beside it on the little dish Namjoon had bought the third week they lived together, tired of having splatters of sauce and stew all over their stove and counter-tops when Yoongi would set it down. The rest of the kitchen hardly looks like he’d spent most of the afternoon slicing and dicing and stirring to help him pass the time until Namjoon would be home. The dishes are clean and in the drying rack waiting to be put away. The odds and ends of foodstuffs have all been cleared off the cutting boards into the garbage. Even the seasonings have been returned to their cupboard, except the salt and pepper just in case he needs them later.
He nods once, satisfied, and goes to check on the stew.
The pot is warm but not hot anymore. He turns the element on and stirs a few times to get things going, and that’s all he has time for before Namjoon announces his presence in the kitchen with a happy sigh that really should not make Yoongi want to cry but does anyways.
“I think this must be what heaven feels like,” Namjoon says as he approaches the stove.
“I think you spent too long at altitude.” Yoongi stirs a few more times so he can try and get whatever his mouth is doing under control before Namjoon sees it. “Your greasiness levels have reached new heights.”
“Have they though?” Namjoon asks. The air behind Yoongi changes subtly, warms, as Namjoon moves into the space there. Yoongi expects the hand on the skin of his stomach, but that doesn’t stop him from shivering in delight when it appears. He leans back until he’s resting against Namjoon’s chest, solid and firm, and when Namjoon hooks his chin over Yoongi’s shoulder a few seconds later Yoongi takes the opportunity to turn his head and kiss the top of Namjoon’s cheek. Namjoon’s eyes flutter, then close, his eyelashes brushing against Yoongi’s skin in the lightest of kisses. Yoongi’s chest aches. Maybe heaven is a more accurate description than he’d given Namjoon credit for.
“Have they though?” Namjoon repeats, voice hardly above a whisper. His breath tickles Yoongi’s jaw.
Yoongi doesn’t want to admit that he’s lost the thread of the conversation. He slides his hand under his shirt too, until he can catch at Namjoon’s fingers resting against his stomach. Whatever they’d been talking about before, Yoongi is positive he wouldn’t have said it unless he was sure about it.
“Yes,” he says, with as much confidence as he can muster. Unfortunately his body betrays him, and the end comes out more a gasp than voiced because Namjoon has unhooked his chin from Yoongi’s shoulder to press a kiss to the place where his neck and shoulder meet, tucked in close against his collar. Yoongi hardly has time to breathe before there’s a second kiss, a few centimetres higher, and then a third. “Namjoon-ah,” he gets out, before Namjoon finds the sweet spot at the corner of his jaw and continues his slow, thorough assault. “Joon, Joon, aa-ahhh!”
Dimly Yoongi is aware that he’s stopped stirring the stew so he can brace his right hand against the stove, is only really standing upright because Namjoon’s shoulders are there to lean back against. His ear, and the place behind his ear, are far too easy for Namjoon to kiss from their current position. It’s giving him an unfair advantage, but Yoongi’s thoughts are so scrambled he can’t come up with any ways to level the playing field.
“Do you want the stew to burn?” he demands at last, doing a fair imitation of a grumble. It comes out a bit breathier than he’d like but given the circumstances it’s the best he can do.
“Ah, no.” Namjoon sounds appropriately contrite, and Yoongi feels a brief flash of pleasure-in-victory before it sours because Namjoon is pulling back, his hand slipping out of Yoongi’s grip and then away entirely. “Wouldn’t want the stew to burn.”
Yoongi sways in place, left with nothing but the stove to support him. It takes him two quick, shallow breaths before he can get his mouth to cooperate long enough to say, “I can multitask! I can multitask Joon-ah, come back.” There’s a definite pout at the corners of his mouth, a touch of whine in his voice, and he can feel how wide and pleading his eyes have gone, but he finds he doesn’t mind. All three things have proven effective on Namjoon in the past and now isn’t the time for games.
“Are you sure?” Namjoon asks. Yoongi can hear the smile in his voice, knows that if Namjoon would just come back he’d be able to taste it too.
“Very. Very sure.” He feels confident enough in his balance to turn to look behind him. Namjoon is smiling broadly, evidently pleased with himself, and not quite out of arm’s reach. Yoongi uses this to his advantage, grabbing for Namjoon’s hand and pulling Namjoon back into his proper place, wrapped around Yoongi like the world’s best blanket come home at last.
“If you’re sure,” Namjoon says, this time leaning forward until he can kiss the corner of Yoongi’s mouth. Yoongi turns his head obligingly, and the next kiss isn’t on the corner of his mouth. It’s hard to burn stews cooked over medium heat anyways, he reasons, and he’s just debating the merits of letting them get properly distracted when an inhuman noise fills the kitchen. He and Namjoon freeze, breathing heavily, mouths scant inches apart, before dissolving into giggles. Namjoon’s stomach is loud.
“Food,” Yoongi says when he can catch his breath, and it’s a sign of how hungry he is that Namjoon doesn’t even put up a token protest. “Grab the bowls?”
Namjoon serves himself first, rice and stew, and kimchi he pulls out of the fridge, then takes it to their table while Yoongi rummages in the drawer to find chopsticks on his way to joining him. It’s nice to have Namjoon’s knees to knock against under the table again, after so many weeks without. Namjoon must think so too — even with his excessive amount of leg and arm there’s no reason they should be bumping into each other this often. It’s making Yoongi feel all warm before he’s had more than a few bites, the situation only exacerbated every time Namjoon finds an especially nice slice of mushroom he wants to feed Yoongi. Yoongi retaliates by making sure all the choice bits of egg end up in Namjoon’s mouth. The stew is hot, the spice in it hotter, but even that can’t account entirely for the heat spreading out from a point just underneath his breast bone.
They talk about inconsequential things — who Namjoon’s row-mates were on the flight over, how the baggage carousel changed three times before Namjoon could pick up his bag, speculating about whether or not the immigrations officer he spoke to recognized him based on a few comments made. Yoongi finishes eating before Namjoon, as usual. When Namjoon’s bowl is clean Yoongi pushes his over and Namjoon finishes that off too.
“Mmm,” he says, smacking his lips together. “Perfect. Anyone told you you’re a good cook, hyung?”
Yoongi hasn’t cooked for anyone except himself since Namjoon left for his book tour.
“Not lately,” he says, keeping his voice light. “Nice to know I haven’t lost my touch.” Namjoon’s expression falls anyway, going a bit pained around the edges. Yoongi isn’t sure that he has the energy to listen to Namjoon apologize for leaving so soon after he got back. He wants to be happy just now, and he wants that for Namjoon, too. “Dishes?”
When Namjoon laughs it sounds a bit wet. “Do we have to?”
Given the number of vigorous conversations they’ve had about dishes in their years of cohabitation, it’s a sign of just how tired Namjoon is that he isn’t teasing Yoongi about having been replaced by a doppelganger while he was gone. Yoongi is never the one to suggest they do dishes. “It’s not a lot of dishes,” Yoongi says, feeling like he’s reading someone else’s lines in a school play. “Just our bowls and stuff, we can leave the stew and rice where they are until later.”
“Is this what it feels like to talk to me sometimes?” Namjoon asks, tipping sideways until his head is resting on Yoongi’s shoulder. “Likedealingwithsomeone-” he breaks off to yawn widely.
“I put fresh sheets on the bed,” Yoongi says, bringing his free hand around to pet it through Namjoon’s hair. It still feels gross, and full of product, but that isn’t about to stop Yoongi. “So it’s clean, and ready, if you want to go to sleep for a bit. It’s-” He breaks off to check the clock and grimaces. “Well, it’s almost close to bedtime. It’s close enough to bedtime we can make an exception.”
“But I’m all grubby,” Namjoon whines. “And I smell like plane.” Yoongi shifts his head so he can get a good noseful of Namjoon’s scent. Namjoon is not wrong.
“Wouldn’t it be great,” Yoongi says, in wistful tones, as he returns to petting Namjoon’s hair, “If we had the means at our disposal to fix that.”
“I can’t believe you.” Namjoon nuzzles his face deeper into Yoongi’s shoulder. “This is rich, coming from the man I had to bribe to get into the shower every morning for the past-”
“Showers,” Yoongi continues primly, at a volume that just so happens to drown Namjoon out, “Are a recent innovation in the personal hygiene space-”
“And here you are, trying to take the-” Namjoon has to break off to yawn again.
Yoongi takes the silence as an excuse to stop talking too, and kiss Namjoon’s forehead. “Shower, Joon-ah. I’ll do the dishes.”
“You’ll be in a whole other room,” Namjoon protests, winding one of his ridiculously long arms around Yoongi’s waist. “Are you trying to get rid of me so quickly?”
“You want company?” Yoongi guesses. Namjoon nods his head. His hair tickles the side of Yoongi’s neck. Yoongi thinks about it a bit longer. “You just want someone else to wash your hair, don’t you.”
“Just want you.” Namjoon’s words are almost lost as he mumbles them into Yoongi’s shoulder. Yoongi feels himself go hot. “You coming?”
Just want you. Christ. “Yeah,” Yoongi says, voice husky. “Yeah, but tomorrow, when we come out here and there are still dishes on the table, I’m going to remind you that you were the one who-”
Namjoon isn’t even listening, already unfurling himself to his full height and holding his hand out to pull Yoongi to his feet. Yoongi accepts, returning Namjoon’s sleepily pleased smile with a happy smile of his own. He glances at the stove to make sure he turned the element back off, then follows Namjoon down the hall.
Their bathroom isn’t quite big enough for two grown men to undress without a lot of accidental elbowing incidents, so Namjoon leads them past the bathroom and into their bedroom instead. For a few fleeting seconds Yoongi considers pushing a bit harder for them to skip the shower and go right to cuddling in bed, but the prospect of cuddling in bed with both of them fresh from the shower that sounds so appealing he can’t bring himself to pass it up.
Besides, Namjoon is already working at his tie, pulling at the already loose knot until it comes smoothly undone in his fingers. Yoongi swallows, hard, and watches helplessly as Namjoon proceeds to fold the tie and set it neatly on the dresser. He collects himself enough to reach for the buttons on his vest only to find his hands batted out of the way by Namjoon. 
“Let me,” Namjoon says, completely unnecessarily. Yoongi can take the hint and has already found something better to do with his hands, looping them around the back of Namjoon’s neck to play with the short hair there. If it gives him something to hold on to so he doesn’t fall over, well, only he needs to know that.
“Do you know how hot you are?” Namjoon asks as he finishes unbuttoning Yoongi’s vest and moves on to the shirt underneath. It really is unfair that he’s wearing sweats — there’s nothing much for Yoongi to do by way of retaliation except get his hands under Namjoon’s shirt again. Having thought of it he does, delighting in the way it makes Namjoon shiver, then shivers himself as Namjoon slides vest and shirt off him all at once.
“I’m pretty cold now, actually,” Yoongi says, stepping closer so he can work his arms properly under Namjoon’s sweater and t-shirt. Namjoon obligingly lifts his arms. Yoongi slides the shirts off him, baring an expanse of warm gold skin. It’s the perfect opportunity to kiss the smooth line of Namjoon’s shoulder. Yoongi does not let it pass him by.
“The faster you undress the faster we can fix that.”
Yoongi pulls back to quirk an eyebrow at him. “Are you saying I can actually take off my own pants?” He has to take his hands off Namjoon to do it, but if it means they’ll get under the hot spray of the shower that much faster it’s a sacrifice he’s willing to make.
The only thing is, when he goes to work at the buckle of his belt he finds Namjoon’s fingers already there, busily undoing belt and button and zipper. Yoongi grins and sighs and rolls his eyes, which makes Namjoon grin too as he bends over to kiss him. He tastes of stew now, only a hint of morning breath lurking so far back in his mouth Yoongi has to really hunt to find it. Yoongi kisses back eagerly, stepping out of his pants as they pool around his feet, then stoops to yank Namjoon’s pants and boxers down in one swift motion.
Namjoon’s breath hitches in a very satisfying way, topped only by the very faint moan he lets out as Yoongi kisses the jut of his hip. “You wanted a shower, Namjoon,” Yoongi reminds him as he stands up. “The water’s not getting any warmer.”
“I don’t think you’re happy to see me after all. If you were happy to see me you wouldn’t be trying to kill me.”
Yoongi takes off his own undershirt. It seems like Namjoon won’t be collected enough to assist for a few more seconds, and it’s getting chilly standing around mostly naked. He takes off his briefs too for good measure and dumps the clothing in the laundry hamper. “You really are trying to kill me,” Namjoon repeats. “God, hyung, I-”
“Yoongi is fine,” Yoongi says, stepping easily into Namjoon’s open arms. “Now hurry up and get me to the shower, it’s cold out here.”
Their shower isn’t really built for two people to shower together but they make due, trading off whose turn it is to stand in the deliciously hot water and whose turn it is to do the scrubbing. Yoongi is surprised to find that he is the one who ends up getting his hair washed first, Namjoon’s long fingers working the shampoo into his scalp, then the body scrub into the muscles of his neck and back. For someone who had been complaining about smelling like plane Namjoon doesn’t submit to being cleaned until his fingers have covered every inch of Yoongi’s skin.
By the time they’ve finished the shower has taken at least twice as long as if they’d just taken turns. The mirror is so fogged it looks like it might as well be sand-blasted, and Yoongi is quite frankly surprised that there is still hot water coming out of the shower head. He towels himself dry, or as dry as he can get in the humid air, then joins Namjoon in brushing his teeth at the sink. They take turns rinsing and spitting, and when Yoongi is feeling clean and minty-fresh inside and out he wraps his towel around his waist and puts a hand on the doorknob.
“Ready?” he asks.
Namjoon drapes himself all along Yoongi’s back, looping his arms around Yoongi’s chest. His skin is dew-soft and smooth and still a touch damp. His hair is definitely still damp, standing out from his head in a soft halo to brush against Yoongi’s ear.
“Ready,” he says as he nuzzles happily into Yoongi’s shoulder.
“You know we won’t be able to run fast like this,” Yoongi says, turning the knob. “It’s going to be horribly awkward. We’re going to get so cold.”
“I know,” Namjoon says. “Let’s try anyways.”
The air of the rest of the apartment is exactly as cold as Yoongi had feared it would be. He moves as quickly as it’s possible to move with a Namjoon-shaped growth on his back, shrieking at the shock of the temperature change and the sheer delight of having Namjoon there with him. Namjoon shrieks too, right in Yoongi’s ear. Yoongi wouldn’t have it any other way.
He sheds his towel and Namjoon beside the bed and dives under the covers, their freshly laundered cotton sheets cold against his skin. While Namjoon had been gone he’d piled extra blankets on the bed instead of bothering to mess with the thermostat, but he’d still had to put in the work of getting the bed heated up in the first place. He’d gotten used to shivering for a few minutes, curled in a ball to conserve heat as much as possible and wishing the pile of pillows at his back was a person.
Not so tonight, not with his personal space heater back in his bed, crowding in close and throwing off heat at an obscene rate. Yoongi hooks one of his legs between Namjoon’s, tucking his cold toes under Namjoon’s warm calf, then slides himself over until he has at least half his chest draped over Namjoon. It feels right, and it’s starting to smell right too, the scent of Namjoon that had been missing from their bed for weeks back at last.
Yoongi sighs in contentment. Namjoon sighs too, although his sigh is a lot heavier.
“Hmm?”
“Are you trying to suffocate me?” Namjoon asks, shifting Yoongi so he doesn’t cover quite as much of his chest and then sitting up to start peeling back blankets.
“No.” Yoongi finds a different set of curves to slot himself into, adjusts where his arms are just a little so by the end he’s hardly lost any skin to skin contact at all. “Trapping, not suffocating. You’re never leaving again.”
Namjoon stills, his hand on the last of the extra blankets Yoongi had added. Yoongi had been trying to make a joke. He wishes he’d picked a different one.
“Hyung,” Namjoon starts, but before he can go anywhere with the thought Yoongi is shaking his head.
“Later, no, really, later, we’ll have lots of time, and I just got you back, I don’t want to think about next time yet.”
Namjoon finishes stripping the extra blanket off their bed then gathers Yoongi into a hug. Yoongi hugs him back, fiercely, with no intention of letting go anytime soon. He has a hard time deciding between burying his face in Namjoon’s neck, breathing in his familiar scent, and keeping his head back far enough his eyes can focus on the way Namjoon’s smile is soft around the edges in the dim light, the way he looks so happy it’s like the last twenty-four days of separation hadn’t happened at all.
Yoongi compromises by alternating, and every time he changes position he finds himself getting kissed somewhere new. The tip of his ear, the tip of his nose, the edge of his shoulder, full on the mouth (that kiss takes a bit longer), his hair, the mole on his cheek. Eventually he finds that mythic of positions, where he is comfortable and warm and doesn’t think any of his limbs are in danger of falling asleep, and stays there. Namjoon’s breathing evens out. He listens to the sound of it, familiar and comforting. It’s possibly the best sound in the world. It means Namjoon is here, and close.
“I missed you,” he admits at last, in a voice barely above a whisper. He’s not sure what time it is any more, knows only that here, in their bed, with Namjoon solid and warm and sleeping in his arms, it feels safe to finally admit to the thought out loud. It’s the first time he’s used the words in that order since Namjoon left. He pulls Namjoon closer. “I missed you so much.”
“I missed you too,” Namjoon says, evidently not as asleep as Yoongi had thought. His arms tighten around Yoongi’s chest. There isn’t so much as a hair’s breadth of space down the full line of their connected bodies. Yoongi revels in the closeness. “So much. And then I felt guilty, because I was the one who’d left, who agreed to the tour, so I never… but I did.”
Yoongi thinks back to all their calls, the way Namjoon made sure his was the first voice Yoongi would hear in the morning, the way Namjoon would sometimes call late at night wherever he was, finding a few minutes during Yoongi’s hectic workday to wish him well and say goodnight.
Namjoon might not have said I miss you in so many words but Yoongi had never had any doubt that he was missed.
“Well that’s silly,” he says, sliding his hand around behind Namjoon’s head and using it to tuck Namjoon’s head under his chin. “If I’d had a three week long business trip-”
“Ah hyung, this is about feelings, not logic,” Namjoon laughs. “I didn’t say it was logical, did I?”
“No. I guess you didn’t.” Yoongi plants a kiss on the crown of Namjoon’s head. “But still. It was important, and necessary, and a good thing that you did it. The exposure was great. Everyone loved you. You’re going to make us rich. I just missed you a lot, that’s all.”
“Well, I’m back now, and I don’t plan on moving for at least twelve hours.” As if to prove his point he nuzzles impossibly closer. “God, I hate planes.”
“Me too,” Yoongi agrees. “Nasty things. Life was better without them.”
Namjoon lets out a noise that in someone who was less tired could be considered a laugh. As it stands it’s really more of a wheeze. “I don’t know if I’d go quite that far. That trip would have taken three times as long without planes, at least.”
“Planes are one of the greatest blessings known to mankind,” Yoongi decides. “Even if they do give me pressure headaches, and always smell like stale sweat.”
Namjoon makes his wheezing laugh noise again. “I wish you didn’t have to go to work tomorrow,” he says as he subsides. “It would be nice if we could just, you know…”
“Yeah,” Yoongi says quietly. “I do.” He waits for a few seconds, then lets out a very realistic sounding cough. “Good think I’m probably going to be sick tomorrow.”
He can feel Namjoon’s eyes flutter open in surprise. Namjoon is so surprised that he actually pushes himself up on his elbows. “You what?”
Yoongi grins, then coughs a few more times to make sure he can get the voice right. “You remember that presentation I had on Thursday?” His voice comes out perfect, just a bit scratchy and nasal, as if his throat is sore and dry, his nose plugged. He waits to continue until Namjoon nods, eyes wide. “Well, I made sure my voice was just a bit hoarse, that I coughed a couple times, and then Friday…” He shrugs his shoulders.
“Normally I don’t condone this kind of behaviour,” Namjoon says, a smile lurking around his lips, “But I know that normally you don’t either, so if you’re sure you want to do this…”
“We can be partners in morals-bending crime,” Yoongi grins. “Besides, I know for a fact that Kiho wasn’t doing any work at all when he ‘worked from home’ on Friday. It’s not like I’ll be the first one to play hooky this year. His folks were visiting. You’ve just come home. Seems even, no?”
“Bending your morals for me,” Namjoon sighs, putting a hand on his heart. “How romantic!”
“I haven’t actually called in sick yet,” Yoongi grumbles, pulling at Namjoon’s arm until it’s back around Yoongi’s chest.  “Keep that up and I might just go in to the office after all.”
Namjoon gasps in fake, shocked betrayal. “You’d never!”
“You’re right,” Yoongi grins, kissing him on his parted lips. He pulls back before Namjoon can recover enough to kiss back. “I wouldn’t.”
“So you’ll be here when I wake up?” Namjoon asks, voice smaller, a bit less sure. “No sudden crises of conscience?”
“Not going anywhere,” Yoongi assures him.
“Oh good. Me neither.” He yawns widely. “So it’s safe to sleep? You won’t get bored and wander away?”
Yoongi fights to keep his face straight. “Don’t think I could ever get bored of you.”
Namjoon’s subsequent groan is everything Yoongi had hoped it would be. “And you say my greasiness reached new heights! Hyung that was so bad.”
“Go to sleep, Kim Namjoon,” Yoongi says into his hair. “Maybe when you wake up you’ll realize that line was all a bad dream.”
“Can’t believe I missed you,” Namjoon grumbles, stealing a kiss.
“I love you too.”
“Putting words in my mouth, hyung.”
“I know, I know, I really am that amazing at reading minds.”
“You think you’re being cute, don’t you.”
“I know I am. Now go to sleep. I’ll be here when you wake up.”
Namjoon nuzzles in closer. “I know. Love you.”
“Love you too,” Yoongi repeats, but he can hear that Namjoon is already slipping into sleep. It was barely eight o’clock the last time he checked, before their adventure in the shower, and it can’t be much later now, although Yoongi will be damned if he’s getting up to find either of their phones to confirm. That means it’s probably hours earlier than Yoongi would usually go to bed, but between how poorly he’d been sleeping with Namjoon gone and the heavy press of Namjoon’s arm around his waist he finds himself yawning widely.
There’s nothing quite so nice as falling asleep surrounded by warmth and comfort and Namjoon. Yoongi gives himself over to the effort.
The last thing he hears before he drifts off is the sound of Namjoon, starting to snore.
It sounds like home.



Afterword


End Notes
come say hi on twitter!
here is the link to the promoting tweet mostly so i don't lose it but feel free to use it if you want!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



