



Chiaroscuro - novilunar - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Chiaroscuro
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5652781.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Established Relationship
Series:
Part 2 of
Negative Space
Stats:

        Published: 2016-01-06
        Words: 13005
      

Chiaroscuro
by novilunar
Summary
Yoongi is a workaholic and in between academic decline and suppressed dreams, Jimin starts to break
Notes
Sequel to Contre-jour



Chiaroscuro

The more time Yoongi spends around Jimin, the more he’s starting to figure him out. One of the things he’s learned is that his boyfriend’s silence can mean a whole world of things. Yoongi is slowly unraveling the meanings of his different silences, the small details that vary between his tired silence, his sad silence, his upset silence. This one right now is neither of them even if it has parts of all of them. Jimin is frowning, only slightly, spacing out as if thinking hard about something rather than reading the book he’s propped up against Yoongi’s pillow. To be fair, Jimin always does look downcast while studying, but never this distracted.“Is there something wrong, baby?” Yoongi asks, stretching out as much as he can on the small couch he’s lounging on.Jimin shakes his head, a small smile making it’s way on his face. “It’s nothing, I’ll take care of it.”“Jimin.” Yoongi gets up, leaving his notebook with half-finished lyrics. As soon as he’s sat down next to where Jimin is stretched out on the bed he reaches down to stroke his hair. “Tell me what’s bothering you.”“It’s just— my roommates,” Jimin says, leaning into the touch.“What about them?” Yoongi lets the silky strands run through his fingers as he waits for the boy to continue. Jimin does so with a small sigh.“A friend of theirs needs a place to stay so they’re kicking me out.”“What?” Yoongi says, frowning. “They don’t have the authority to do that, not if you’re on the lease.”“I’m not,” Jimin sighs into the pillow. “I know, it’s stupid of me, but I really needed a place to stay and they had a room for hire. I didn’t think they’d just kick me out.” Then he sits up, curling into Yoongi and resting his head in the crook of Yoongi’s neck. The soft puffs of air from his breath wash over Yoongi’s skin and Yoongi presses a kiss against Jimin’s forehead. “Do you have anywhere else to stay?”“No, but I suppose I better start looking.” The tone of Jimin’s voice is resigned and Yoongi understands. Finding somewhere to live in this city is hard enough as it is, even more so for a student with an unpaid internship rather than a job.And there’s not really any alternative, because Yoongi doesn’t even want to entertain the thought of Jimin worrying about where he is supposed to spend the night. “You could stay here. I mean, it’s not that big or anything, but...”Jimin shifts in his hold, angles his head up so that he can see Yoongi’s face. There’s a look of hesitation on his face, an unsure pause before he speaks. “I don’t know— I don’t want to be a burden for you.”Of course he doesn’t. It’s what makes Yoongi worry about him sometimes, knowing that Jimin would easily suffer in silence rather than make a fuss. “You’re here a bunch anyway,” Yoongi says. “What else are you gonna do, sleep on the streets?”Jimin gives a half-shrug, re-burying his head against Yoongi.“I don’t mind having you here, you know.” With Jimin’s face buried, Yoongi can only reach to place kisses on his temple, the top of his head, the tip of his ear which is quickly flushing red. “Say you’ll move in.” Jimin doesn’t have that much to bring with him to Yoongi’s apartment, which is a relief since Yoongi is already having problems fitting his own few belongings in. Somehow they make it work, throwing out the things that aren’t needed and reorganizing the apartment to fit both of them in. Their lives seem to have been doing the same lately, their habits and routines growing to revolve around each other.The red toothbrush, the one Jimin had borrowed that first night he slept over, has occupied a perpetual spot beside Yoongi’s on the bathroom sink. Just looking at it gives Yoongi a warm feeling. He expects it to disappear soon, that glow in his heart, for things to go back to normal, but day after day passes and even after weeks have gone by he is as content having Jimin in his apartment as before.It’s new for both of them, this fall into domesticity, and Yoongi can’t imagine anyone else he’d want to do it with. Having Jimin around isn’t tiring or draining the way being around other people for too long is, instead it’s inspiring. Yoongi’s notebooks starts filling up faster than ever, the ease with which words come to him now making up for the lack of time to work on his own music. Often he finds it more tempting to seek out the warmth of Jimin’s body, fall into bed with him whether to taste his skin or just hold him in his arms. Even when Jimin is busy studying Yoongi will find himself entranced by him, still not quite believing that he’s here, willingly and enthusiastically choosing to spend his time around Yoongi.Yoongi honestly didn’t expect them to last this long. He’s never been good at relationships. Sometimes his friends would joke about it, saying that they didn’t get why someone like Jimin would want to stick around someone like Yoongi, and even if they laugh as they say it, just standard teasing, Yoongi can’t deny the truth in the words. Despite all of Jimin’s affections Yoongi can’t ever seem to completely choke that feeling of inadequacy, the worry that Jimin will realize that he could do so much better.He wakes up in the morning with sunlight shining in through the blanket he hung up as a makeshift curtain. It washes his own skin out to a deathly pallor but it illuminates Jimin in an almost ethereal way, creating soft shadows in the curves and angles of his body. Yoongi traces them gently with his fingers, wondering how he managed to fool an angel into this small bed in his shithole apartment. Yoongi’s sheets are wrapped around Jimin’s legs and waist in such an artistic way that it almost looks constructed, but then the image shifts as Jimin stirs, turning over to press closer to Yoongi. He almost wishes he had his camera within reach, but he knows that no recreation could ever come close to the real thing. Nothing can capture the exact way Jimin’s eyelids flutter open or the look in his eyes when he sees Yoongi watching him. A photograph can’t make Yoongi feel the way he does when Jimin slides his leg against Yoongi’s and presses their feet together, Jimin always so warm and Yoongi’s blood never circulating as well as it should.If he could stop time in this very moment he would. He’d slow down the earth’s rotation and make it last a lifetime, would easily and willingly give up everything else in the world if it meant he could stay here and watch Jimin’s sleepy smile forever.“Hey,” Jimin says. His voice is soft and beautiful and it rips through Yoongi’s heart like a bullet.“Hey, yourself.” Yoongi reaches up a hand to stroke Jimin’s messy hair, hoping that it doesn’t smooth down easily just so that he will have an excuse to spend more time running his fingers through the silky strands. One day Yoongi won’t be able to do this. Everyone breaks up at some point, and so will they. In the back of his mind he knows their relationship has an expiry date, an invisible clock counting down the seconds to when this whole thing turns out to be too good to be true. Sometimes he wonders how long it will take, for someone else to come along and sweep Jimin away from him, for Jimin to realize that he deserves so much more than Yoongi can give him, that it doesn’t make sense for a boy like him to end up with the likes of Yoongi.Jimin traces a finger across Yoongi’s chest, along the hard lines of his ribs and clavicles. “What are you thinking about?”“How beautiful you are.”Blinking up at Yoongi, it seems as if Jimin expects him to follow it up with something more. As if Yoongi had just said something strange. Instead Yoongi captures Jimin’s wandering hand in his, intertwining their fingers and pressing them against his own heart. Sometimes Jimin wishes Yoongi could just turn his brain off. Even as they listen to the radio while Jimin cooks he can tell that Yoongi is taking notes on the production of the songs. It’s research, practically work, and while Jimin knows that it’s important for Yoongi to keep track of what kind of music is charting, what the trends are and what’s getting overdone, he feels as if Yoongi focuses too much on the construction rather than what it makes him feel sometimes. But perhaps that’s what it’s like for professionals. Jimin doesn’t know anything about those things other than what Yoongi has told him and so he listens with his heart instead. The lyrics are light-hearted, not as deep as Yoongi's but easy for Jimin to remember and hum under his breath as he cooks.In the corner of his eye he can see Yoongi watching him, and after meeting his gaze for the third time Jimin laughs, part shyness and part joy, asking, "What?""Nothing." Yoongi shakes his head, but keeps his eyes on Jimin. There's a small, mysterious smile on his face. "You're always dancing."Jimin hadn't even noticed, hadn't thought about what his body was doing but now that Yoongi mentions it he might have been dancing. Only softly, subtly. "I suppose," he says, but he's suddenly hyper-aware of the movements of his muscles, forcing them back under his control."Did you ever dance? As a hobby?"The soup has nothing left to do but simmer and so Jimin also has nothing to do, no more vegetables to cut or dishes to clean or other ways to keep himself busy anymore. "Yeah, but that was a long time ago. Before I started university." He walks over to the sofa, sits down next to Yoongi and curls up into him. It earns him an arm around his shoulders and a soft kiss that makes him melt."Why did you quit?""Didn't have time for it anymore. My parents wanted me to focus on my studies. And so did I."Yoongi hums and Jimin knows that something is moving in his mind, even if he's never exactly sure of what. "Don't you want to keep doing it?""That doesn't matter," Jimin says, already knowing that Yoongi is going to argue the point. "Dancing isn't going to help me pass my macroeconomics exam.""It might make you happier." Jimin piques up, taking Yoongi's hand. His fingers are longer than Jimin's own but they intertwine beautifully anyway. "I am happy, Yoongi."The hand in his clenches, holding Jimin tighter and closer. Yoongi's thumb strokes across Jimin's skin and the contact is pure comfort. "Are you?"Jimin always liked Yoongi’s eyes, but sometimes they see through him far too easily. His first instinct is to smile and insist that of course he is, why wouldn't he be? But Yoongi's sharp gaze expects more from him, and the truth is that it’s not all good. Sure, it’s better now that he’s not worrying about his living situation anymore, but both school and his internship hang over him like a giant, dark cloud of misery. Most of the time he just tries not to think about it. It’s just stress, he tells himself. Just temporary stress."You make me happy," Jimin says. And it's true, the one thing he knows above all else. It’s a point of light for him, bright like a sun. He can feel the warmth of it always, but even more so here with Yoongi's hand in his, close together on a too-small couch in a too-small apartment."You shouldn't rely on a single person for your happiness." It has been hard getting used to Yoongi's cynicism, but Jimin knows that he means well. That he wants what's best for Jimin. There is a pause. Then Jimin says, "I used to dance a lot. I started in middle school. Back then I thought I was gonna be a dancer when I grew up. Entered contests and everything. It was a way to express myself, I guess. ""Do you want to do it? Even now?"When Jimin tears his gaze from their hands he finds Yoongi watching him with those piercing eyes. He's already given his all to Yoongi, so he supposes this shouldn't be such a big thing, although it somehow makes him feel more vulnerable than ever to speak about it."I don't have time for it, not with university and the internship. I’m on a different track now." He finds his gaze shifting again, Yoongi's eyes still pinning him down as if they can burrow their way into him and see his innermost thoughts."But do you want to do it?"Jimin shifts in the seat but he doesn't let their hands go. "I'm not good enough," he says under his breath.Yoongi sighs. "You're still not answering the question, Jimin."Inside of Jimin something releases and he nods, almost imperceptibly. And he doesn't cry, although there's a lump in his throat and a tightening in his chest. Yoongi pulls him closer by the arm around his shoulders and when Jimin inhales his lungs are filled with sunlight. "If you want it, then you should go for it. It might not be easy, but it's gonna make you a lot happier than fucking economy, that's for sure.""I would never be good enough. It doesn’t matter if I want to do it, I wouldn’t make it,” Jimin says, resigned. He’s already spent too much time rationalizing his choice of education, dismissing the thought of dancing as a childish dream and nothing more, and he thought he was past it all. Maybe he isn’t, if the rawness of his voice is any indication."That's the kind of shit you have to stop thinking," Yoongi says. "People have been telling me that for years, do you think I listen to them?""You don't listen to anyone.""Exactly. And you have to stop listening to yourself too, if that's the attitude you have. You have to know that you're going to make it, and prove everyone who disagrees with you wrong."That’s easy for you to say, Jimin thinks. Yoongi always reminded him of a tiger, deceptively lazy and relaxed but with hidden teeth and claws sharp enough to tear through throats. Jimin’s not a predator, even if he’s curling up in the arms of one.“Hey, you know Hoseok works at a dance academy, right?” When Jimin nods, Yoongi continues. “They hold auditions each year. You should try out.”“I don’t know—” Jimin starts, that reflex kicking in again, but then he hesitates. “Do you really think I should?”There is no hesitation in Yoongi’s voice when he replies. There never is. “Yeah, I do.” Yoongi might complain a lot about his work hours, but no one can fault him for his work ethic. It’s what got him from being just another kid making songs in his bedroom to a professional producer, the willingness to put in as much effort as he can in every project, and not just when the deadlines start approaching. After working in the industry for a few years he’s learned that there’s no telling when a record company suddenly decides that they need to make sudden changes or move the deadline to an earlier date, and so Yoongi knows that the extra hours working in the studio might save his ass later on. Admittedly, his perfectionism is part of it as well. Even when Namjoon decides to call it a day, considering his efforts good enough, Yoongi will stay in the studio for hours, polishing every detail until he’s as satisfied as he can be. It’s a familiar routine, one he’s gotten used to over the years, with the notable exception of coming home to a boyfriend instead of an empty apartment.What he doesn’t expect is to one day come into the studio to find a big, neatly wrapped box on his desk. He turns to Namjoon with a sigh.“You know I don’t do birthdays.”“I didn’t buy you that,” Namjoon says, but there’s a knowing grin on his face.While Yoongi wouldn’t put it past Namjoon to buy him something for his birthday, a day which he pointedly does not tell people about since he doesn’t celebrate it at all, he also knows that Namjoon wouldn’t pretend that it wasn’t him.For a while Yoongi considers just putting the present away and forgetting about it, but there’s a small card stuck to it that piques his curiosity. He pulls it off the package and reads the neat handwriting with a strange swooping feeling in his stomach.
write lots of new songs! ♡ happy birthday yoongi xx
The handwriting is undeniably Jimin’s. Yoongi can’t even imagine what Jimin would have gotten him, and he can’t help the curiosity as he starts tearing off the wrapping paper. As soon as he’s gotten a glimpse of what’s inside, he sinks down into his chair.Namjoon’s grin makes sense then, because this is clearly a fucking conspiracy. On his desk, inside a large carton still half-covered in red wrapping paper, is a brand new Maschine. That beautiful, perfect machine that he’s been using to produce since he discovered that he could create music by himself so many years ago, except this is new and shiny, the latest version, released only a couple of months ago. “Did you tell him to get me this?” Yoongi asks, and there’s more than a hint of accusation in his voice but Namjoon just shakes his head.“I only helped him getting it into the studio, the rest was all him.”When Jimin had asked months ago when Yoongi’s birthday was, he had reluctantly given it with his usual instruction of not getting him any gifts. But when he pulls the device out of the packaging he can’t find it in himself to be anything but happy, because it’s beautiful and alluring and his fingers are already itching to try it out.  “It’s not a birthday party,” Namjoon had insisted when Yoongi complained after their arrival at Namjoon’s house after work, “It’s just a party that happens to be on your birthday.”Jimin had only snickered on the sidelines, knowing that Yoongi would eventually give in, and of course he was right. Now there's a delightful buzz in Jimin’s head and when Yoongi is pulled away from him by Hoseok on an urgent mission of finding more beer, he lets his boyfriend leave with a kiss. Yoongi grins as he's dragged away and Jimin knows his own face must be showing his feelings so transparently too, because happiness is bubbling inside of him like the sparkling cider in his glass. Beside him Seokjin is smiling too, softly. "He seems much happier these days," Seokjin says, and Jimin glances towards the door into the kitchen where Hoseok and Yoongi are doing god knows what. Just the thought that he can bring Yoongi happiness is enough to get him emotional, far easier than usual since he's been drinking. Then Seokjin continues, "I think he was real lucky to meet you."Jimin shakes his head. “I’m the lucky one,” he says, unable to keep the smile off his face. “I don’t know what I’d do without him.” “I thought I told you, no presents,” Yoongi says once they’re back home, pulling Jimin close even before they’ve gotten their jackets fully off.“I never agreed to that deal,” Jimin laughs. “Do you want me to return it?”“Fuck no.” Yoongi cradles Jimin’s jaw as he leans in to kiss him. “I love it. Thank you.”When Jimin’s jacket falls to the floor in a crumpled heap as Yoongi pushes it off him, Jimin doesn’t even care. Instead he moves into Yoongi’s embrace and kisses him harder, moaning as Yoongi’s hands travel down to cup his ass. This doesn’t make him nervous anymore, not like it had the first time, but he still shivers with excitement when he feels Yoongi’s growing hardness press against his hip.Jimin needs more contact, right now, and he shrugs out of his shirt before helping Yoongi with his, dragging him towards the bed. He can’t ever seem to get enough of Yoongi’s touch and when he pushes Yoongi down onto the bed he can’t help smiling. Yoongi is grinning back as Jimin climbs on top of him, meeting Yoongi halfway when he rises up on his elbows to reach Jimin for another kiss.After breaking the kiss it doesn’t take long for Jimin to press his lips against Yoongi’s skin again, trailing kisses down his neck and past his stomach until he reaches the bulge in his jeans. When he gives it a light squeeze Yoongi throws his head back against the pillows with a moan.“You’re so hard.” Jimin’s voice has gone husky, without him even intending it to.“All because of you, baby,” Yoongi says, sighing as Jimin traces the outline of his cock through the fabric.Jimin undoes Yoongi’s fly and pulls his jeans down, almost slow enough to be teasing but not quite. He’s too aroused himself to draw it out too much. Then he pulls Yoongi’s underwear off, enjoying the sight of his boyfriend’s hard cock springing up towards his stomach.“Jimin—” Yoongi groans as Jimin leans down to press his lips against the head of Yoongi’s cock.When Jimin takes Yoongi into his mouth he can feel a hand coming down to rest on the back of his head. It makes him glance up momentarily, the desire in Yoongi’s expression evident, before going down on him until he feels Yoongi’s cock hit the back of his throat. He loves the intimacy of this, Yoongi’s fingertips against his scalp, his own fingers resting on Yoongi’s tense thigh.From the top of the bed Jimin can hear Yoongi curse as he sucks him off. The reaction has him straining against his own jeans. When he pulls off enough to only leave the tip in his mouth, Jimin can taste the salty pre-cum leaking from Yoongi’s cock. He wraps a hand around the shaft, gently jerking Yoongi off as he presses his tongue against the slit. It draws a moan from Yoongi’s throat that makes Jimin’s cock twitch.He pulls off Yoongi then, coming up to kiss him. “I want you inside of me,” he whispers against Yoongi’s lips.Yoongi wastes no time in getting Jimin’s pants off, still cursing under his breath. Jimin doesn’t even mind his foul mouth, too proud of making Yoongi incoherent. It’s the only time he gets to watch Yoongi lose himself like that.Once his own clothes are off, Jimin goes back to straddling Yoongi. When he reaches for the lube their cocks glide together and the feeling is amazing. He’s already so hard himself, and he grinds down one more time before raising his hips as Yoongi takes the lube from him.“I can take more,” he groans as Yoongi enters him with one finger, too eager to wait. “Yoongi, please.”“There’s no hurry,” Yoongi says, even though Jimin can hear the strain in his voice. “I’m not letting you hurt yourself.”Yoongi is always patient with this, and while Jimin knows it’s for the best he really wants Yoongi’s cock in him right now. By the time Yoongi works in his third finger Jimin is leaking pre-cum and he grinds down on Yoongi’s hand with shaking legs.As soon as Yoongi has withdrawn his fingers, Jimin takes the lube. He squeezes some out in his palm and spreads it on Yoongi’s cock, still so hard under his touch. Then he positions himself, finally sinking down on Yoongi’s cock with a moan.It takes Jimin a short while to adjust, and he leans down to kiss Yoongi while waiting for his body to get used to Yoongi’s size. He feels so full, so good, and he whispers just that in Yoongi’s ear, loving the way it makes Yoongi’s grip on his hips tighten.After a minute he steadies himself with hands on Yoongi’s chest, rolling his hips. He knows how much Yoongi loves this. Yoongi has told him countless times how beautiful he thinks Jimin looks like this, how amazing he is, and even though Jimin doesn’t see it himself he is loath to deny Yoongi this.With every rise and fall of his hips, Jimin can feel himself getting closer to the edge. It really doesn’t help when Yoongi wraps a hand around Jimin’s cock, groaning out how good Jimin feels around him. But Jimin is intent on holding his own orgasm off until he can feel Yoongi’s other hand run down Jimin’s thighs and back up to his hip, hear the beautiful moans that Jimin knows mean that Yoongi is just as close.He shifts then, straightens up so that every thrust hits him at the perfect spot. Only seconds later Jimin is closing his eyes in bliss, moaning Yoongi’s name as he clenches around him, orgasm hitting him hard enough to curl his toes. He can feel Yoongi coming inside of him and he collapses down onto his boyfriend, spent and shaking as Yoongi wraps his arms around him and rides out the last of his own orgasm.They stay like that for a few minutes, both of them getting their breath back. Then Jimin moves to get off Yoongi, laying down next to him on the bed. He’s messy with lube and cum but he’s far too tired to move so when Yoongi gets up to bring a towel and clean him up, Jimin rewards him with a soft kiss.As soon as Yoongi is back in the bed, Jimin curls up to him. He rests his head against Yoongi as the older pulls him close with an arm around his shoulder. “You’re really good at that,” Yoongi says, pressing a kiss against Jimin’s skin.“Thanks.” Jimin laughs. For a while he is quiet, just enjoying the closeness and tracing patterns on Yoongi’s chest with his fingertips. “Do you want to know a secret?”Yoongi’s curiosity seems piqued, and even if Jimin tries not to be nervous, knowing there’s no reason to be, he finds himself biting down on his lower lip. “Sure,” Yoongi replies.“You— you were my first.”At first Yoongi says nothing. Then, “Your first?”“The first person I slept with. And if you don’t count relationships from before third grade, then I suppose you’re my first boyfriend, too.”“Why didn’t you tell me, baby, when we first slept together?” Yoongi doesn’t sound upset, just curious.“I don’t know,” Jimin says. “I wanted you to think that I knew what I was doing. I wanted to be someone that you would want to be with. And I was so nervous, about— well, about everything.”At that Yoongi shifts, his hand coming down to cup Jimin’s chin and tilt it up until he’s facing Yoongi. “Jimin,” he says, leaning down to give him a kiss. “I want you, not anyone else. I adore every single part of you, no matter what you have or haven’t done. You know that, right?”And Jimin does, he learnt it through the adoration so evident in Yoongi’s kisses, through the way Yoongi holds him close at night as if afraid that if he let Jimin go he might disappear. He knows that Yoongi’s words are true and once again he finds that golden feeling crawling up his throat, bursting through his entire being, and against Yoongi’s lips he whispers, “I love you.”The arms embracing him have all the warmth in the world. “I love you too, Jimin.” When Jimin received the text from Taehyung inviting him and Yoongi to some dance competition that Taehyung's boyfriend was partaking in, Yoongi had been able to sense Jimin's hesitance immediately. It had taken some talking before Jimin relented and agreed to go, but Yoongi had insisted with the hope that watching the competition might reawaken some passion in Jimin. Most of it passes in a blur for Yoongi. He never cared that much about dance, never had an eye for it, and so he keeps his eyes on Jimin instead. Only when Taehyung cheers loud enough for Yoongi to realize that the dancer coming on stage must be Jungkook does Yoongi momentarily look away, but the rest of the evening his gaze is focused on the increasingly concentrated expression on Jimin’s face. There’s something else there too, something that Yoongi can barely catch in the dim lightning. But whatever it is, it's definitely not the fire that he had been hoping for.On the way home Jimin is silent, the way he is when he's fallen too deep into his own thoughts. Yoongi knows that there's no point in asking him in public though, knows that Jimin will be better at talking to him in the comfort of the apartment, and so he waits until they're home again before asking, "How was it?"Jimin shrugs, sinking down on the sofa. "It was fine. They were good. Jungkook was really good.""You don't sound that excited about it," Yoongi says, sitting down next to Jimin.The sigh escaping Jimin is heartbreakingly resigned. "They're so much younger than me, and so much better. Even if I was to get back into it now I’d have missed so many years of practice, I wouldn’t be able to catch up."It's another repeat of that constant cycle of Jimin giving up without even trying, and Yoongi hates it more every time he hears it. It never seems to matter what he says since Jimin is set in his assumption of not being good enough. "Stop comparing yourself with them, Jimin. Don't be stupid."Jimin's looking out in the room rather than at Yoongi when he asks, "Are you saying that I'm stupid?""No, Jimin, that's not what I'm—"Jimin gets up from the couch then, and his expression isn't angry or upset. Rather he just seems tired, and that’s somehow even worse. "I'm going to bed," he says, locking himself into the bathroom.There's the sound of water running and Yoongi stares at the door between them as if he could make it disappear with his mind. It's not until Jimin emerges, walking straight past Yoongi and curling up under the covers that Yoongi finally moves. He curls up behind Jimin, wishing he could take away every negative though that ever enters him and keep them in his own heart instead. He's grown callous over the years and they might be harmless to him, but Jimin bleeds so easily."You're not stupid, Jimin," he whispers into the soft skin. "I just hate it when you put yourself down like that. You can do much more than you think."Jimin shifts then, turns in the bed until he's facing Yoongi who draws him into his arms. "But I am stupid," he says, voice breaking along with Yoongi's heart. "I failed my last two exams and now I'm this upset about some kid being better than me at dancing even though it shouldn’t matter since I don’t even practice anymore.""You're not stupid just because you failed a test, Jimin.""It's not just a test, I'm just— failing school." Jimin's breath is shaky against Yoongi's skin, and Yoongi pulls the boy closer against himself as if he could physically protect him from everything bad on his mind."Don't let things break you down. I know it sounds hard, but you can't let them. You have to shake them off and try again. Believe that you're going to make it and even if you don't, act like you do.""Is that why you're so cocky?" Jimin asks, and Yoongi isn't even offended, because there's the huff of a small laugh escaping Jimin's lips.He pulls Jimin away from him enough that he can look him in the eyes. They're red-rimmed, as if he's been weeping silent tears into Yoongi's shirt. "If I listened to everyone who said I wouldn't make it, I'd be stuck at some shitty desk job right now. As long as I don't give up, then no one can say I failed.""I'm not sure I can do that. I'm not like you."He isn't, Yoongi knows. Jimin isn't like him at all but Jimin has so much to give the world and sometimes Yoongi can't believe he's on the way of wasting it all by aiming at getting a job as a miserable accountant. No, it’s going to take a whole fucking lot before he lets Jimin throw himself away on something he doesn't even want to do."Go to the audition," he says, reaching up to wipe at a stray tear escaping the corner of Jimin's eye. "Trust me on this, Jimin. Practice your dancing and go to the audition. Fuck school."Jimin leans into his hand with a soft sigh. "My mother always warned me about boys like you.""Your mother doesn't know shit about boys like me," Yoongi says, leaning in to kiss him. Yoongi wouldn’t call Jimin his muse. Just the word alone feels nauseatingly pretentious, like something Namjoon would praise whoever was his inspiration of the week with. Yet there’s something about Jimin, getting stuck in Yoongi’s thoughts like a beacon for him to hone in on whenever his creativity feels all dried up. Jimin makes Yoongi want to find beats that perfectly match the gracious movements of his body,  makes Yoongi want to create soft melodies that sound the way he feels when he comes home after a long day and crawls into bed to be met by Jimin’s soft kisses and warm hands.Yoongi’s already living his dream, creating music every day. But his life isn’t just about him anymore, and it’s so hard to sit by and watch Jimin suppress his own desires in favour of suffering through the things he thinks he should do. If he could rip every worry away from Jimin, he would. He’d burn them to ashes and make sure that not a single bad thought entered the boy's mind. To his great disappointment, he can’t do that. But what he can do is work hard enough to one day take Jimin where he deserves to be.After staying up working for 16 hours Yoongi’s head is aching and buzzing, his vision blurring, and it’s then that he thinks about Jimin again. How he’s there every time Yoongi feels cracks showing, sealing every break with the molten gold of his mere presence, eyes crinkling up as he smiles. Yoongi would do anything to see that smile, would bring down the stars from the sky if it would make Jimin happy.But Jimin hasn’t asked for the stars yet. And so instead Yoongi buckles down and puts all of his energy into producing. A hit record with decent royalties might not give them the universe but it might afford them a better apartment, might make a sizeable dent in Jimin’s student loans, might help Yoongi convey at least a fraction of the way he feels about Jimin. The feeling Jimin gets when his essay is returned with a neat, cold F is less of a punch in the stomach and more of a hopeless realization of his own worthlessness. It’s not anything sudden, and he’s not even surprised considering he’s been losing it for weeks, but at some point everything breaks. Even him.Hours later he’s curled up on the bed, wishing more than anything else that it was Yoongi he was curled up with rather than just the blanket that smells like him. Jimin might not always be able to explain his feelings well enough for Yoongi to understand, but even then his boyfriend’s embrace is far better than a cold bed and the overhanging sense of failure that is making Jimin choke back tears.When Jimin’s phone rings the hope of it being Yoongi is the only thing that makes him lean down from the bed to pull it out of his bag, curling up again once he’s got it in his hands.“Hello?”“Hey, are you at home?” Yoongi’s voice washes over him through the speakers and Jimin clings to every syllable. “Yeah, are you getting off work?”“I am, but Namjoon is going out to meet Hoseok and the other guys, I think I’m gonna tag along. Do you want to come?”It stings like a thorn in his heart even though it has no right to. Yoongi has been working like a madman the last few weeks and if someone deserves an evening out, it’s him. Yet there’s an ugly, selfish part of Jimin that wants to beg him to just come home.But Jimin doesn’t. He might not be able to bring himself to put on a smile and go out for the evening, but he can’t ask Yoongi to stay home because of his own stupid thoughts either. Yoongi is above all else independent and Jimin quickly swallows down every urge to beg him to not go. Who would want to be with someone who can’t spend a single evening on their own? Even the thought is enough to bring frightening things to his mind, those dormant doubts that he constantly has about Yoongi leaving him. It can’t come to that, Jimin wouldn’t make it through that, so instead he makes sure to do whatever he can in order to be the kind of boyfriend Yoongi will want to stay with forever. He can’t keep his grades up, but he can hopefully keep this.“I think I’ll just stay at home tonight,” he says into the phone, schooling his voice into something far less emotional than the turmoil inside of him. He tells Yoongi to say hi to the others from him and that he hopes that they have a nice time, like a good boyfriend should, and hangs up the phone.As soon as the line goes dead he curls back in on himself, allowing the tears he was holding back to flow since there’s no one to see them.In the middle of the night Yoongi stumbles into the apartment and Jimin is all out of tears. Yoongi smells like bars and cigarette smoke but Jimin doesn’t care, letting Yoongi crawl under the covers and warm his frozen body.“I missed you,” Yoongi mumbles, his hands moving across Jimin’s skin and healing the hurt if at least for a short while. There’s a brief period of brightness. The weight on his shoulders is not as heavy, and Jimin manages to attend a few lectures without feeling like he's drowning. After long hours of the professor droning on about things that Jimin hopes he might one day understand, still dutifully taking notes even if he doesn't grasp any of the concepts, he makes his way to Yoongi's studio with the hope that he might get his boyfriend to take a break for at least a short while. He rarely succeeds, but if he's lucky he might at least get to stay there for fifteen minutes as they eat.While waiting for Yoongi to finish up Jimin fiddles with his phone. It hits him then, that he can barely recall the last time he initiated a conversation with Taehyung. Before Jungkook, before Yoongi, they used to meet up for lunch multiple times a week but now Jimin can barely remember the last time they met just the two of them. He sends a text to Taehyung, hoping that they haven’t been drifting apart for too long to get back to the closeness they used to have. Yoongi finishes his lunch too quickly. Then again, no matter how slowly he ate it wouldn't be enough for Jimin because he knows that as soon as the last of the food is gone it means that Yoongi has to get back to work. It means that Jimin won't be able to see him again until late evening, and today is no different. The good feeling he had woken up with starts to get muddled as Yoongi kisses him, telling him that he's happy Jimin came but he has to go back to work now.Yoongi always has to work. As if nothing else exist in this universe, as if he'd die if he didn't get to work. More worrying than the short time they get to spend together is that dark pit reappearing in Jimin's stomach as he gets into the elevator.As Jimin waits for the bus, there's a buzzing in his pocket. He pulls it up, heart instinctively wishing that it's Yoongi saying to wait, that he decided to leave early today, let's go do something. Instead it’s from Taehyung, Jimin’s mood sinking with every word he reads.
sorry jimin, i can't right now! i'm in busan with jungkook!! hmu later ok?
Taehyung always seems to be around Jungkook. Jimin shouldn’t be surprised, knowing well how Taehyung feels about Jungkook after those months of being his emotional pillar before Jungkook was even aware of Taehyung's existence. And hasn't Jimin been the same with Yoongi, wanting to spend every waking hour with him? Not that he can do that, considering the circumstances.If Jimin had his way, he wouldn't even let Yoongi leave their bed in the morning. He'd cling onto him until Yoongi decided that the lonely boy in his apartment was more important than working until midnight, he'd huddle up against Yoongi until the warmth of his body made Yoongi forget about raises and deadlines. But he can't ask that of Yoongi. He's already asking too much, having taken a space in Yoongi's apartment, in his life, asking Yoongi to love him with nothing to give in return. Music is Yoongi's dream and Jimin has known this from day one, from the moment he met Yoongi in that coffee shop and saw the expression on his face as Jimin explained how the lyrics in the notebook he found had touched him, and he has no right whatsoever to ask Yoongi to give any of that up for a desperate, lost boy with nothing to his name but a sinking GPA.There are still hours to go when Jimin gets home, so many hours until Yoongi will come in through the door with bloodshot eyes and heavy steps. The apartment is always too silent and so he turns on the radio, letting the constant noise drown out his thoughts. It becomes his soundtrack as he starts cleaning up the apartment, putting things in their place and hoping that less of a mess might put some of his mind at ease. Every time he comes across one of Yoongi’s loose papers filled with lyrics he reads every single word on the page before adding it to the growing pile on the living room table.Time passes without him noticing, and it’s not until he hears a familiar song on the radio that Jimin pauses. Most of the time he’d been tuning it out like white noise, but something has him stopping to actually listen. It’s the same song that had been playing earlier, that time when Yoongi told him that he was dancing subconsciously. It’s a nice song. It sounds like something he could have done a routine to in high school, back when he still did those things. He remembers staying behind after school, practicing the same move a hundred times to get it just right, making his body move with sharp precision.There's none of that precision as he takes a few hesitant steps. But still, despite being unpracticed, memories of the movements are there in his muscles. They’re dormant, not awakening until Jimin starts to think back, trying to remember the way he used to move. He danced every day, back then. It was the only way he knew how to express himself. It had always been that way for him, words not flowing the way they should from his heart, but through his body he could tell the stories he wanted.The apartment is small, and Jimin can barely take more than a few steps before hitting a wall, but as long as he moves he can let all of his emotions out into his body rather than closing it in inside his heart. And as easily as that, it starts to become a habit. The sound of keys in the lock of the apartment door begins to draw an almost pavlovian reaction from Jimin, heartbeat increasing as he foregoes whatever he was doing to rush to the hallway even though it only takes him a few steps.“You look like you haven’t slept in days,” he says when Yoongi enters, frowning at the dark circles under his boyfriend’s eyes. He helps Yoongi get his leather jacket off, continuing in a soft voice that he hopes sounds concerned rather than scolding, careful to not let a hint of misery shine through. “You didn’t come home last night.”“Sorry,” Yoongi says, letting their lips meet in a kiss that ends far too soon. Jimin no longer has to ask to know that Yoongi slept on the studio couch, having gotten the same answer every other night that Yoongi spent away from the apartment. And every time his heart aches beyond belief when he sees the bone-deep exhaustion on Yoongi’s face.When Yoongi announces that he’s going to bed Jimin follows along, crawling under the covers with Yoongi in an attempt at cherishing his presence. Even with the bed being so small, it’s stupid how often it feels too big for Jimin when he’s the only one in it.It feels like this is the only time they get to meet these days, Yoongi all but dead to the world and Jimin wishing that they could spend some time like they used to, doing anything or nothing together. The photographs from one of their first dates are still up on the wall, his own face from months ago looking out into the room. He’d been embarrassed at the time, but now he wishes he could go back to when Yoongi had time for him. It’s a selfish thought and he knows it, that it’s not Yoongi’s fault that he has to spend such long hours in the studio, but a part of him is growing so tired of waiting alone in the dark. “Don’t think about the other people in that room, just focus on yourself.” Yoongi’s voice pierces through Jimin’s panicked mind, and he’d like to take the advice to heart but he already knows it’s easier said than done. He nods though, running through the choreo in his head one more time.The waiting room for the audition is stifling, filled with dozens of people as nervous as him, and Jimin thanks the stars that Yoongi could come along because he would probably never have made it here otherwise.“What if I forget the steps,” he mumbles. There’s not a single part of his body that is calm, mind racing, fingers clenching, knees shaking. He hasn’t done this in front of people in so long and the idea of it frightens him to death. “What if I fall over?”Yoongi leads him to a plastic chair, forces Jimin down in it and squats down in front of him. His hands find Jimin’s, giving him something to hold onto. “You’re going to go in there and do your best, okay? I know you’ve been practicing, so show them what you can do.”The warmth of Yoongi’s hands and the strength of his words help Jimin push the nervous thoughts out of his head. They won’t stay out for long, but Jimin can hopefully make it through this audition without turning into more of a wreck as long as he repeats Yoongi’s words to himself like a mantra.His number is called then, and panic re-enters his mind. Yoongi stops it with a single squeeze of his hands. “I’ll be right outside,” he says. “Knock them dead.”Reluctantly Jimin lets go of Yoongi’s hands, walking to the door with his heart beating so loud it might burst his eardrums.The short audition passes in a blaze, Jimin coming into the room, introducing himself and dancing his routine. Then it’s thank you, bye, next! and Jimin stumbles out into Yoongi’s arms and takes a deep breath.He didn’t do as well as he wanted to, not by far, but it’s over now. Nothing left now but to hope that they contact him and tell him he made it. At Yoongi’s questioning look he shrugs, “It went okay, I think.” Jimin tries not to sound too dejected.Yoongi treats him to dinner that night, a nice place that Jimin always liked but could never justify treating himself to. The food tastes amazing, but even better is getting to spend the evening with Yoongi for once, warmth lingering in his chest as Yoongi presses his lips against Jimin’s forehead, whispering, “I’m proud of you.” Even with the multitude of people inside the house, Jimin doesn’t feel any less lonely. Showing up at Hoseok’s party had seemed much more preferable to spending another evening home alone, but despite the drink in his hand and the easy conversation around him Jimin is still not a part of it, there but not there.He escapes through the back door, walking into the yard where the others who want a break from the loud music and the thick crowd are. Taking a seat in the porch swing, Jimin sets his glass down on the ground. Drinking too much makes him feel sick and drinking alone even more so. There’s no pleasant buzz now, only stormy oceans inside of him.When someone sits down next to him, Jimin pulls himself out of his head.“What are you doing out here all alone?” Seokjin asks, crossing his legs and resting his glass on his thigh. “Is Yoongi still working?”Jimin nods. “He said he might stop by later though.” He doesn’t quite believe it himself, but it feels better to say it.Seokjin observes him with a warm gaze. “I hope he does. How are things going with the two of you?”“It’s good,” Jimin says. “He got me to try out for Hoseok’s academy.”“I’ll be crossing my fingers for you.” Seokjin smiles, looking genuinely happy for Jimin’s sake. “Yoongi never told me you dance. But I guess I don’t see him as often these days, he’s always working.”Jimin nods. “Yeah he’s— he’s not home a lot.” He tries to sound like it doesn’t affect him as much as it does, but his emotions must be bleeding through his voice judging by the frown appearing on Seokjin’s face.“That must be hard on you.”“A bit, I suppose.” Jimin shrugs. “But it’s his job, you know, I can’t—”“It’s a Saturday today though,” Seokjin says, and Jimin knows that. It’s the weekend and Yoongi is still working, even this late. When Jimin had dropped by yesterday on his lunch break Yoongi had said that they were making good progress, but now he’s starting to wonder if Yoongi said that just to appease him.Jimin isn’t sure whether it’s the alcohol or his raw emotional state or the concern that Seokjin is showing, or even everything once, but he finds his deep-set concerns being dragged to the forefront of his mind. “Sometimes it feels like he loves his job more than he likes being with me,” he mumbles.“That’s not necessarily true,” Seokjin says, arm coming up to wrap around Jimin’s shoulders. He’s always so nice, Jimin thinks, always so warmhearted. “Look, Yoongi is pretty much a workaholic, Namjoon thinks so too, but that doesn’t mean he loves you any less. I’ve never seen him look at anyone else the way he looks at you.”“I just hate having a boyfriend and still feeling so— so lonely all the time.” Jimin sighs.  By the time Yoongi gets to the party it’s late, really late, and several people have gone beyond the fun-drunk state and moved onto passing out on furniture. None of them are Jimin and so Yoongi continues his search until he runs into Seokjin in the kitchen.“Hey, have you seen Jimin?” Seokjin shoots him a look, one that Yoongi isn’t completely sure of what it means, but he doesn’t like it. “He went home a couple of hours ago. Said he was tired.”Yoongi frowns at this. He’d checked his phone before he left work and there hadn’t been any messages on there. Jimin usually texts him multiple times during the day for no reason at all, often ending with an embarrassed emoji and a ‘hope i’m not bothering you’, which he never is, because Yoongi loves knowing that Jimin is thinking of him even when he’s not around. It’s definitely weird for him to just leave without telling Yoongi.He’s on the verge of leaving, pulling out his phone to make sure Jimin is alright when Seokjin calls his name. When he turns he finds Seokjin with a serious look on his face.“I talked a bit to Jimin before he left,” he says. Yoongi waits silently for him to continue. “You know he deserves better than this, right?”Fuck, don’t Yoongi know it. It’s on his mind all the time. “Was he upset?” The thought of it makes his stomach twists, even more than Seokjin’s expression.“Yoongi, you’re going to lose him if you keep this up. Can’t you see he’s miserable?”Yoongi leaves then, the conversation being just on the verge of too much after another too long work week. And besides, there are better things he could be doing that stand around in a kitchen with Seokjin. Like finding Jimin.He gets home to find Jimin already curled up in bed, almost sleeping but stirring awake when Yoongi slips in behind him.“I’m sorry,” Yoongi says, pressing a kiss to Jimin’s shoulder.Jimin doesn’t reply, but he reaches out for Yoongi’s arm and wraps it around himself so that their fingers can lace together. Yoongi holds him close, wishing that he was a better boyfriend. Seokjin really hadn’t told him anything he didn’t know already, but the thought of Jimin being miserable because of him, growing tired of him, still makes him sick to his stomach. This is what he’d been fearing all along. In the office landscape where Jimin interns there is a constant sensation of being watched. Jimin suspects this is a trick utilised by the bosses to make sure their employees don’t slack off while they themselves relax in their big offices, and while it used to bother him he finds that now he doesn’t even care anymore.That drowning sensation had returned the second he walked into the building. He’s submerged now, and maybe if he was loveable and worthy enough then perhaps someone would save him, a boy with tiger eyes, breathing the universe into his lungs and whispering words of comfort in his ear, the syllables wrapping around his body like a blanket, like a cocoon. He could be safe there, in the arms of a boy who loves him.But Jimin is not in the arms of a boy, he’s in an uncomfortable office chair with a monotonous task to finish and a mountain of papers by his side that are expected to be entered into digital spreadsheets by the end of the day. And there are words in his heart, their residence there permanent now, etched onto him like cardiac scars, but they can’t bring him the same joy as before. Not now that Yoongi is just an empty bed in the morning, an unlit apartment when Jimin comes home, a dinner for one and a faltering hope that there will be a body next to his at some point during the night.“Work faster, I need these done before five,” the voice of Jimin’s mentor sounds. From day one he has ignored the task of teaching or helping Jimin with anything in favor of loading off the work too unglamorous for the rest of the sales team onto him.Another stack of papers land on Jimin’s desk with a thump, the weight of them a too heavy straw on Jimin’s already too laden back, and he’s so thankful that his mentor never cares enough to look at him because it’s taking all he has to keep his meltdown internal until he reaches the bathroom where he can lock himself inside and sink to the floor with shaking breaths.He can’t do this. Any of this. If he sees another number or spreadsheet he might throw up. Just the thought of surviving the rest of the day only to come home to a cold, dark apartment and the boy who is supposed to love him so far away without a thought towards Jimin, preferring the cold light of a monitor and the words in his own music to those in Jimin’s head is too much. Even if Jimin could use his words as well as Yoongi can, even if he could somehow find that ability to distill thoughts and emotions and the weariness of his soul into sentences it wouldn’t matter, because Yoongi is never around to hear it. 
can you come home? i need to talk to you
In an instant, Yoongi’s blood runs cold. It must be something important, if Jimin doesn’t want to say it over the phone or even wait until Yoongi gets home tonight.When Yoongi tells Namjoon he has to leave early something in his voice must betray him because Namjoon only nods with a worried expression, telling him that he’ll finish up on his own. For the first time in a long while Yoongi leaves early and without a single thought about work.He comes home with tense shoulders and a dry mouth. Jimin is on the sofa, eyes darting between Yoongi’s eyes and anywhere else, and Yoongi sits down next to him without kissing him like he usually does, because things today aren’t how they usually are.The teeth-marks on Jimin’s bottom lip are evidence of his nervousness and Yoongi wonders how many times he’s thought about what he wants to say, rephrased it in his head and wondered what Yoongi would reply.“You wanted to talk,” Yoongi says. If he sounds detached it’s for no other reason than the simple fact that detaching himself will give him the best possible chance of making it through this without breaking down. It’s a learned skill.Jimin nods his head, almost looking guilty. “It’s just— I don’t think I can do this anymore, Yoongi.”An eternity of preparation couldn’t stop the feeling rising inside Yoongi at the sound of those words, that awful sense of being on the verge of a disaster. For a few seconds he’s silent, unable to carry on the conversation because it’s headed in a way he never wanted to be headed, as unavoidable as he knew it was.“You’re miserable,” he says finally, quietly echoing what Seokjin told him and what he never wanted to admit to himself.Again Jimin nods, with a look on his face as if it’s his own fault, as if he’s the one to blame, and Yoongi’s heart is tearing itself into pieces. He always knew it was going to end at some point but fuck, he didn’t know it was going to hurt this much."I need more than this," Jimin says, every word so delicate. "I'm not expecting you to stop working or anything, but I— I can't be in a relationship with someone who doesn't have any place for me in his life. I love you, Yoongi, but I can't do this.""If that’s what you want, Jimin—" Yoongi trails off, throat closing in on itself and refusing to let any more words escape. He really can’t bring himself to say more. “No, I—” Jimin starts, but then turns quiet. Yoongi can’t even find it in himself to meet Jimin’s gaze anymore. There’s a heavy silence, and then Jimin breaks it, “So that’s it, then?”“I suppose so,” Yoongi replies, wanting to vomit.For a few seconds Jimin just sits there, looking at him, but Yoongi has no more words, has nothing at all. Jimin leaves then. Doesn’t even take his jacket with him, and Yoongi can’t help thinking that he’s going to get cold, he always gets cold, always leans into Yoongi with shivering hands and pleading eyes until Yoongi takes his scarf off and wraps it around Jimin’s neck, and Jimin will hide his smile beneath the warm layers of knitted wool but he can’t hide the way his eyes crescent or the blush that spreads from his cheeks to his ears even though he denies it by saying that it’s because of the cold and definitely not because of the way Yoongi’s scarf smells like Yoongi, and how that’s also definitely not the reason Jimin will borrow it and wear it to class when he has a perfectly fine scarf himself.The door shuts and it’s quiet. More quiet than it’s ever been, even before Jimin moved in, deafeningly quiet. As soon as he’s enters the elevator, Jimin’s knees give out. He sinks to the floor with the feeling of fingers wrapped around his throat, too tight to let him breathe. When he fumbles for his phone, his hands are shaking, and it takes two tries to call Seokjin.On the third ring, the call finally connects. “Hello?” Seokjin’s voice is warm and soft as usual.“Can you come pick me up?”“Jimin? What’s wrong?”“Can you just come pick me up? At the park.” The thought of sitting right outside the apartment for the fifteen minutes it’s going to take for Seokjin to drive there seems unbearable, and thankfully Seokjin agrees without any more questions.“I’ll be there as soon as I can,” he says before hanging up.The walk to the park is short and Jimin is washed over by a sense of numbness, because this can’t be real, he can’t be doing this right now. Some stupid part of him had been hoping that maybe Yoongi would try to stop him from leaving or at least ask him where he was going to sleep, but it seems like it wasn’t very hard for Yoongi to give up on Jimin, to give up on their whole relationship.It was the last thing Jimin wanted, but he’s so tired of everything. Yoongi hadn’t even seemed upset, just sat there with the same stoic expression as always as Jimin walked out, as if it didn’t even faze him. The thought of it makes Jimin chest hurt in the most horrible way.It doesn’t take long until Seokjin arrives, watching Jimin get into the car without asking any questions. He reaches across the console to hold Jimin’s hand as he drives and Jimin grasps it like a lifeline. He manages to hold it together until he’s in Seokjin’s apartment with a cup of chamomile tea in front of him and Seokjin sitting next to him.“What happened?” Seokjin asks.“I guess he’s done with me.” The words feel strange in Jimin’s mouth, don’t really make sense even though he knows what just happened. It’s all too sudden for him to comprehend.Seokjin pulls Jimin in towards him, arms wrapping around Jimin’s shaking shoulders and he feels like he should cry but there’s a black hole inside of him eating up every ounce of will, every particle of energy, and he’s left with nothing but the feeling of being thoroughly hollow.He spends the night on Seokjin’s couch, with a borrowed pillow and blanket. It’s impossible to fall asleep. The room is too big, doesn’t smell right, can’t ease the pain in his chest or silence the thoughts running endlessly in his head. It’s not until he’s alone in the dark that the tears come, but thankfully the pillow muffles the sound of him crying. He’d hate to wake Seokjin up with his sobbing in the middle of the night after Seokjin has been so nice to him.Seokjin makes him breakfast in the morning and tells him that he can stay for as long as he needs. It’s almost enough to bring Jimin to tears again. When he needs it, Seokjin lets him talk it all through. Seokjin listens patiently as he rambles incoherently about everything he’s feeling, how much he wishes that Yoongi would love him enough to want him not to leave, how he doesn’t even know what to do now. Jimin isn’t sure that he manages to get even half of his emotional turmoil across. He’s never been good at talking to people.The following days pass slower than any days have ever done before. Jimin stops going to his lectures, not seeing the point in it since he’s going to fail anyway. Throughout it all Jimin dreads the evening more than anything, because it’s at night that his thoughts are the worst, every regretful memory coming back to him one by one. There are so many things he should have done. Maybe if he had been better Yoongi would have loved him more, would have wanted him to stay.Jimin makes sure to keep his phone constantly charged. Countless times he picks it up and scrolls down to Yoongi’s contact, fighting the urge to call him just to hear his voice. Then he puts the phone down and curls up on the couch, wishing that this is all just a bad dream, that he could just wake up in Yoongi’s arms and that everything would be fine, that they would be in love and nothing would hurt. The Maschine stands on Yoongi’s desk as a somber icon of what he’s lost. It’s making it impossible for him to work. Yoongi has never felt like this before. It had seemed like the most natural thing to go back to work and pretend that everything was fine even when he feels like his heartstrings have been torn out. His apartment is cold and empty and it’s no wonder Jimin couldn’t stand being there alone because now neither can Yoongi.There are still photographs plastered on the wall, strewn across the living room table, stacked under his bed, and so many of them are of Jimin. Being in his apartment is like being watched by the past, Jimin looking out from months old pictures with shy smiles and crescented eyes. Yet Yoongi can’t bring himself to take any of them down, considers it only fair for him to deal with the guilt of it when he was the one who made Jimin miserable. He should have known he wouldn’t get away with hoping that it would last.Even Namjoon is noticing, telling Yoongi that it’s fine if he wants to go home early, but Yoongi can’t do that either. There’s nothing to come home to but darkness and silence and constant reminders of his own failure. The sound of the doorbell echoes in the small apartment and Yoongi’s heart is instantly in his throat. He doesn’t want to hope but maybe, just maybe—It’s not Jimin. Of course it’s not.“Can I come in?” Seokjin asks. Yoongi turns in the hallway and slumps back down on the sofa as Seokjin toes his shoes off, hanging up his jacket next to Jimin’s. Yoongi ha’d gotten a text from Seokjin, soon after Jimin left, and he’d been more than thankful. It’s a small comfort, but a comfort nonetheless, to know that Jimin is staying with someone he trusts.“I wanted to pick up some of Jimin’s stuff,” Seokjin explains.Of course. Everything of Jimin’s is still in the apartment, as if he just left to go to the store, nothing missing but his shoes. And himself. Sometimes Yoongi will hear steps in the stairwell, the clanking of the elevator, and his breath stops in anticipation that perhaps Jimin is just about to walk through the door as if nothing had happened, that they’ll be able to go back to how it was. Then he releases his breath and realize how stupid he’s being.“How is he?”Seokjin is picking through the clothes in the closet and holding them in front of himself as if trying to figure out whether they’re Yoongi’s or Jimin’s. Yoongi doesn’t give him any help because then Seokjin might be done too quick and leave.“I don’t want to talk about Jimin,” Seokjin says, holding up a white t-shirt that used to be Yoongi’s until Jimin borrowed it enough times that Yoongi somehow stopped thinking of it as his own. “I’d rather talk about you.” Seokjin stuffs the shirt down in his bag along with some more clothes. When he turns to Yoongi it’s with the look that clearly shows that he’s not joking around. It makes Yoongi straighten his spine out, sitting up further on the couch.“What about me?”“You really fucked up on this one Yoongi.”Yoongi sighs. He’s already told himself that an innumerable amount of times since that day. “You think I don’t know that?” It’s hard to keep the poison out of his voice, but Seokjin seems unaffected.“I’ve seen you fuck up a lot, Yoongi,” Seokjin says, continuing even when Yoongi opens his mouth to interject. “But you’ve never looked this shit after fucking up. Even Namjoon said he’s worried about you.”So what if he looks like shit, Yoongi thinks, he feels a million times worse. There’s a silence, Seokjin watching him and finally Yoongi shrugs. “What do you want me to say?” “Do you love him?”“Yes.” There’s not a second of hesitation, the one thing Yoongi is absolutely sure of. “So fucking much Seokjin, you have no idea.”“Then you need to show that. Relationships take work, Yoongi, they don’t just happen.”“He’s better off without me,” Yoongi says, and he wishes the words didn’t fall from his lips as easily as they do.“Do you really think that?” Seokjin asks. At Yoongi’s silence he shakes his head, sighing. “He loves you. And I think he really needs you. I know you like to think that the world is shitty and that you don’t deserve him, but he doesn’t seem to agree. Aren’t you always talking about going after the things you want? You obviously want him, so make sure you’re a good enough boyfriend to keep him.” Seokjin slings the bag with Jimin’s clothes over his shoulder, and Yoongi almost wants to beg him not to leave. Then Seokjin continues, “Use your words, isn’t that what you’re good at? Talk to him. But if you do, make sure that you’re ready to make it work.” There is nothing left in Jimin’s mind to make him even want to move. No motivation, no will, no desire. It’s probably a good thing he’s staying with Seokjin who, despite Jimin’s loss of appetite, brings home food and cooks nice things that Jimin feels awfully guilty about only being able to stomach a few bites of. Otherwise he might just starve.The doorbell rings and it must be Seokjin, carrying heavy grocery bags and unable to find his keys. He tends to do that, buying enough food for a family even when it’s just the two of them. Jimin supposes he might open the door at least, rolling of the couch and stumbling out into the hallway. He pulls it open only to freeze as a shockwave of every emotion he’s felt the last week washes over him.Yoongi’s presence is tangible even now, despite the dark circles beneath his eyes and the exhaustion on his face that still makes Jimin’s heart ache the way it always has. It’s too much, too sudden, scraping on a still open, bleeding wound and Jimin almost closes the door immediately.“Wait, Jimin, can we talk?”And Jimin is weak to Yoongi’s words, always has been, so he nods softly and lets Yoongi in. He curls up on the living room sofa with a blanket around him like armour. Yoongi sits down further away than he usually would, but then Seokjin’s sofa is bigger than Yoongi’s and perhaps the distance between them is needed even if Jimin wants nothing more than for it not to exist.“Jimin, I’m so fucking sorry.” Yoongi’s eyes are on Jimin as he speaks, unrelenting to the point where Jimin feels as if he’s never seen Yoongi this open. There’s a rough edge to his voice. “I understand if I’m too late, if you don’t want to be with me, but— fuck, I never wanted to make you unhappy. I love you, more than anything.”“Don’t say that,” Jimin says, softly so that he won’t have to hear the sound of his own voice breaking. “Don’t say it if you don’t mean it.”Yoongi moves closer then, still looking at Jimin with that earth-shattering honesty. Jimin isn’t sure how to handle it. “I do mean it. I thought you’d be better off without me, but I can’t just let you go, not without trying. I know I don’t have a lot but—”“I don’t care about things,” Jimin says, blinking away the tears forming in his eyes. “I don’t care about money or any of that stuff, I don’t care, as long as I’m with you. With school and everything, and you in the studio all the time, I just— I just want you there for me Yoongi, that’s all I’m asking.” He breaks then, wiping his tears with the edge of the blanket before Yoongi wraps him into his arms. It only makes Jimin’s tears flow harder. Yoongi whispers apologies and promises into Jimin’s ear, strokes his hair the way he always did and Jimin curls into him, sobbing.“I’m with you, I swear,” Yoongi says, voice hushed and only for Jimin to hear. “I’ll help you carry all of it.”Jimin only has to angle his head up to press their lips together, swallowing Yoongi’s words and kissing the life out of him.“I love you,” he whispers against Yoongi, wishing for the words to burrow their way into Yoongi’s heart and stay there forever, for him to never forget them. “I love you, Yoongi.”Yoongi pulls Jimin onto his lap and Jimin could swear that there are tears in his eyes even if Yoongi always insists that he never cries, not for anything. “I love you too,” Yoongi says, “More than anything in the fucking world.” They fall back into each other like magnets. Yoongi promises Jimin instantly, no more long nights in the studio unless it’s absolutely necessary, no working overtime unless they’re in the danger of missing a deadline. He intends to keep that promise at any cost.Then, with Jimin back in his apartment and his arms, Yoongi can’t even imagine why he would ever want to leave the boy alone. He knows it’s a habit he’s going to have to break, the way he’s used to polishing every track beyond perfection, but fuck if it isn’t worth leaving things good enough as they are at work when he can have this instead. He’s not giving up on his dream, he assures his boyfriend when his expression turns worried, he’s just dialing it down to fit in this new dream, the dream of being with Jimin.He still plans on getting them a bigger apartment one day, but there’s no hurry. Jimin was right, it doesn’t matter what they have as long as they’re together. When Jimin wakes Yoongi up from his nap, clutching a letter in his hand and wearing a nervous expression, Yoongi instantly piques up in the bed. “Open it for me,” Jimin says, crawling down under the covers next to Yoongi and cuddling up against him. Yoongi blinks the sleep out of his eyes, looking at the letter. It’s from Hoseok’s dance academy. “Shouldn’t you open this?”“Yoongi, I’m nervous,” Jimin says, a small whine in his voice, “I don’t want to open it, open it for me.”He’s too cute to resist, and so Yoongi rips open the envelope as Jimin hides his head against Yoongi’s shoulder, barely peering up at the letter.After a few seconds of silence as he reads the letter Yoongi jostles Jimin. “Baby, look at this. You made it.”When Jimin looks up there’s a grin on Yoongi’s face and he grabs for the letter, quickly scanning the words. “I made it,” he says, incredulous.He presses up against Yoongi, letter and envelope falling off the side of the bed as they share a congratulatory kiss.“I told you, Jimin. I knew you could do it.”“Yeah, you did,” Jimin says, giving Yoongi another kiss. “Thank you. For believing in me.”Yoongi pulls him down then, curling up around Jimin on the bed. “Stay here and nap with me now,” he says, and Jimin relaxes into his embrace.Before he can get fully comfortable, Jimin has to pull his phone out of his pocket. He makes to put it away, but first he sends a quick text message to Taehyung. It’s time for him to reach out again.Then he lets himself drift off together with Yoongi, smiling as he feels the vibration of his phone on the mattress, a reply arriving even quicker than he’d hoped for. He lets Yoongi’s warmth and the comfort of his presence lull him to sleep, knowing that he has everything he wants, right here.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



