



Chocolate shakes and - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Chocolate shakes and Blueberry muffins
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5132222.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, hoseok and namjoon are only mentioned lmao
Additional Tags:
english speaking jeongguk, there was no reason for that tbh it's not the point of the fic i just wanted that, Alternate Universe - College/University, Fluff, idk tbh just a bunch of dork liking each other, the dorks being taehyung and jeongguk lmao
Stats:

        Published: 2015-11-02
        Words: 5962
      

Chocolate shakes and Blueberry muffins
by orphan_account
Summary

“you little brat -” Jimin huffs loudly, another round of dirty looks and shh's getting sent his way that he doesn't acknowledge. Jeongguk keep laughing, hearing Seokjin's 'stop teasing him, kookie,' which he had expected and pays no mind to, but he also hears another laugh sound along his, loud and unabashed, and they're probably going to get kicked out of the library for interrupting the peace for the third time in the last five minutes, but it doesn't really matter to Jeongguk who's starring star-struck at the stranger currently laughing.


He's absolutely gorgeous. He's got soft, brown hair hanging down long on his forehead, the longest bit reaching just above the middle of the bridge of his nose. His eyes are squinted into crescents, pearly white teeth displayed in a boxy smile. His collar bones jut out from the low neck of his white t-shirt, and Jeongguk spends a little too long starring at them to be considered anything but thirsty. 

orbilinugal jeongguk meets english minor taehyung, and feelings develop
Notes
this has been in my computer since like may and i've just never gotten around to posting it bc a) there's literally zero point to this story, b) idk if i like it, and c) i've never written taekook before and i didn't want my first taekook fic to be trash lmao
and yet here we are enjoy anyways folks

          See the end of the work for more notes




Chocolate shakes and Blueberry muffins

  Sometimes being a not-foreign foreigner has it's perks. Jeongguk's impressed his fair share of girls who think it's so attractive that he's from another country, and can speak two languages. He's also spoken pretty poorly about some people straight to their face using words he knows they wouldn't understand, even with the help of Google translate. But those situations are few and far between, because Jeongguk tries not to over use his almost foreigner advantages, but sometimes things happen and he has no choice, really. Like now;“Jeongguk? Are you listening to me?” Seokjin nags, waving a hand in front of Jeongguk's face, blocking his vision from the small phone screen in front of him.“I don't understand,” Jeongguk replies in English, looking up at his hyung from under his messy fringe, pausing the video. Seokjin sighs, moving his hand to run it through his hair, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. Jeongguk turns his attention away from the elder and looks back down on the screen, watching G-Dragon dance around a dimly lit room filled with mannequins for the umpteenth time.“Have you- uh? School work, do it.” Seokjin strings together in English, both hands coming down to sit on his hips as he leans over Jeongguk, who pretends not to hear him. It works for awhile, Jeongguk's able to ignore Seokjin until he makes it to TOP's part, but than the elder's glare gets to be too much and Jeongguk's honestly feeling a little exposed under it.“Listen, man. I can't understand your accent, just let me watch this,” Jeongguk tries to shake Seokjin off once more, speaking again in all English. He thinks the older is about to give up, sit back down on his side of the table and just let Jeongguk waste time re-watching his video when his phone gets snatched from his hands, Seokjin looking down at him.“Hyung, why!?” Jeongguk cries, leaping up and reaching for his phone, but the three inches and oddly long arms Seokjin possess are used to his advantage and Jeongguk slumps back down into his chair, crossing his arms.“Do two more pages of work and you can get this back,” Seokjin says as he rounds the table, sitting back down on his side and flips the page to his biology book, getting back to work. He glances up and shoots Jeongguk a look when the younger doesn't get back to work a few minutes later, Jeongguk mumbling “whatever mom,” under his breath, but gets back to work, pencil tapping against his lower lip as he reads over his own math book, doing a few practice algebra questions. Half hour later and Jeongguk's hand feels like it's about to fall off. After finishing two more pages of work, Jeongguk had requested his phone back but Seokjin has just added two more pages after that, and than a page and a half more until he could maybe get his device back, and though Jeongguk had considered using his text book to knock Seokjin upside the head with, he had just grumbled and gotten back to work, going on autopilot as he finishes question after question.Right as he's about to make a plead for his mobile again, a familiar voice calls through the library, earning more than a few hushes and dirty looks. Jimin ignores them though, skipping along to Jeongguk and Seokjin's table with his bag slung over his shoulder, his face breaking into a giant grin when his eyes land on the youngest.The younger yanks his hood on, drawing the strings tightly so it closes around his face and he ducks down lower in his seat, even though he's already been spotted. He pulls his hands into his sweater, so the sleeves are left empty. He realizes the flaw in his plan when Jimin bounds beside him and wraps his arms around him, Jeongguk struggling to break free with his arms confined against his body.“Jeonggukie!” Jimin sings, mindful of his voice, into Jeongguk's ear. “I didn't know you'd be here, how's my favourite rascal?” He asks, and Jeongguk huffs. “I didn't know you'd be here either, other wise I would've left,” he says, just to be mean, wiggling out of his sweater and thus, out of Jimin's grip.“Just as awful as usual. When will you learn to respect you hyungs?” Jimin clicks his tongue, shaking his head disapprovingly at the youngest boy. Jeongguk shrugs, rubbing his hands over his now bare arms, the air conditioning from the library set a little too cold for his liking.“I do; right Seokjin hyung?” Jeongguk asks, turning his attention to the eldest, who looks away in thought before answering. “For the most part.” He answers and Jeongguk looks back to Jimin, nodding.“See, I'm respectful to my hyungs. I just don't need to be nice to middle schoolers,” Jeongguk teases, cackling lightly at Jimin's expression; jaw dropped and eyes widened, shocked and just a little offended.“you little brat -” Jimin huffs loudly, another round of dirty looks and shh's getting sent his way that he doesn't acknowledge. Jeongguk keep laughing, hearing Seokjin's 'stop teasing him, kookie,' which he had expected and pays no mind to, but he also hears another laugh sound along his, loud and unabashed, and they're probably going to get kicked out of the library for interrupting the peace for the third time in the last five minutes, but it doesn't really matter to Jeongguk who's starring star-struck at the stranger currently laughing.He's absolutely gorgeous. He's got soft, brown hair hanging down long on his forehead, the longest bit reaching just above the middle of the bridge of his nose. His eyes are squinted into crescents, pearly white teeth displayed in a boxy smile. His collar bones jut out from the low neck of his white t-shirt, and Jeongguk spends a little too long starring at them to be considered anything but thirsty.“Stare a little harder, I don't think you've sent your message of 'I wanna suck your-'” Jimin starts but Jeongguk shuts him up quickly, standing from the dirty carpet floor he had fallen onto during his struggle of removing himself from Jimin's embrace, using the elder's crotch as support as he heaves himself upward, palm pressing painfully against Jimin's parts.“Oh my god, oh my fucking god my dick, oh my god,” Jimin chokes, words tumbling out with a gasp as his face scrunches up in pain. He tried to scramble away from Jeongguk, practically throwing himself backward off the chair to escape the punishing hand. Jeongguk smiles smugly at Jimin withering on the floor with his hands between his thighs, whining about an squished testicle and having to go to the hospital and oh god how is he going to explain a broken dick to the doctor.The stranger looks between Jeongguk and Jimin with a unreadable look, something that crosses both fear and amusement, and Jeongguk thinks maybe he's scared him off before the brown haired male starts laughing again, louder than before, and Jeongguk isn't even surprised when the librarian comes over with an irritated expression and tells them to leave.



“I can't believe you got us kicked out, you two are so unruly, honestly! Why do I put up with you?” Seokjin exclaims, hands flying through the air with each word, and Jeongguk knows he's not really mad; or at least, he won't really be an hour from now. Jeongguk has the decency to look sheepish though, apologizing to his hyung with a side hug. Pressed up against the brunet's side, he reaches into Seokjin's sweater pocket and retrieves his phone without the other noticing before smiling apologetically again and falling back to walk with Jimin and his friends who's name Jeongguk has still yet to find out.“Ah, I was just about to catch up and ask to see if you'd be free for the next hour or two, you're kind of needed somewhere,” Jimin states and Jeongguk sends him a curious but hesitant look, because if there's one thing Jeongguk's learned about Jimin, it's that it's almost never safe to be 'needed' by him.“Depends, do I have to stay with you? Because if I do, than I am reeeally busy,” Jeongguk replies dramatically, emphasizing the 'really' part, and Jimin clicks his tongue at the younger.“I'm going to be there, but it's not me who needs you, you punk. Taehyung-” Jimin pauses to gesture toward his brunette friend, who waves at Jeongguk with a small grin. “-Needs help. It's why I brought him with me today in the first place, so you can tutor him.” Jimin explains and Jeongguk is suddenly very, very willing.“Tutor him in what?” Jeongguk asks, trying hard to sound reluctant over his giddiness.“English, obviously. There's nothing else you're good at,” Jimin laughs at the insulted look Jeongguk gives and the younger thinks about kicking Jimin, just for fun. He's sure Seokjin would scold him if he were to injure the shorter, again. Looking ahead, Jeongguk realizes the eldest hyung had disappeared, most like escaping to Namjoon for a little relaxation because that's always where Seokjin ended up when Jimin and Jeongguk act up more so than usual.“I'm good at being taller than you,” Jeongguk rebuttals, twisting his leg sideways so his foot thumbs against Jimin's behind and the older yelps, before frowning deeply and rubbing his backside.“Such a brat,” he murmurs to himself.



As soon as the trio reach Taehyung's little run down apartment, the eldest pair have their books out, Jimin shutting up for longer than ten minutes for the first time as his eyes skim over the pages of his book. He's positioned so his legs are splayed over Jeongguk's, ankles resting against Jeongguk's shins. Taehyung's laid spread on his stomach, mostly away from both of them, but his toes still press to Jimin's thigh, and Jeongguk wants to stretch out and rest a leg on Taehyung's calf, maybe, complete the triangle. He could blame the illuminati.Taehyung had informed Jeongguk that he didn't really need the younger to tutor him so much as just assist him for now, since he was doing awful at the subject but not on the current project he was assigned, though he had laughed and told Jeongguk it probably wouldn't be long until the project went downhill too.No more than fifteen minutes into the little study session does Taehyung request his help, the younger pushing Jimin's legs from on top of him so he can scoot over and sit next to the brunet. Taehyung points out an underline phrase in his dog eared book, complaining loudly that he knows the words but he doesn't understand them when put together, and he can't exactly look up twenty word sentences in the dictionary.So Jeongguk reads over the passage a few times before trying his best to explain in back in Korean to Taehyung, and than again in English in simpler terms (“It's a bit like a metaphor, you see,”). Taehyung's tongue flicks out a few times while Jeongguk explains, the elder's eyebrows creased as he takes in the words and tries his hardest to make sense of them. Eventually Taehyung's expression softens and he's nods understandingly, thanking Jeongguk for his amazing explaining abilities, even praising the younger a bit. (“No, really, I'd be passing with flying colours if my professor taught the way you do,”)Jeongguk just smiles and shrugs, laughing a little awkwardly from the compliments. Taehyung goes back to his book and Jeongguk makes a move to go back to his previous spot, beside Jimin who now looks like he wants to rip his own hair out. Taehyung reaches out for him before he can get too far, however, landing a hand around Jeongguk's elbow and tugging lightly.“I'm probably going to need your help again within the next five paragraphs I have to read, so you should stay close.” He reasons and Jeongguk nods slowly, wishing he wasn't wearing a sweater so he could feel Taehyung's warm fingers against him directly.

Jeongguk, Jimin, and Taehyung start arranging more and more 'study sessions' after that, those sessions usually ending in the three going out to buy ice cream or sweets, and soon enough they start getting together without the plans of studying too, going over to Taehyung's place to play hours of Mario kart or to go out and eat at the little cafe Seokjin works at, Jeongguk, Jimin and sometimes even Taehyung putting on their best puppy dog eyes to convince the eldest to give them discounts and free drinks when their wallets are close to empty.Drumming his fingers along the table, Jeongguk sits waiting patiently in said cafe, eyeing the door every few minutes. He had been the first to arrive to the shop, like usual, taking a seat in the booth in the corner that he likes the best even though Jimin complains not enough sun reaches him there. Of course, Seokjin wasn't working; Sunday being one of his few days off, so he's left with his phone to keep him company.Nearly fifteen minutes pass and Jeongguk's starting to get a little restless, the barista sending him pity glances every so often, probably assuming he's been stood up, which isn't exactly wrong. Just as Jeongguk thinks about leaving, however, the little bell above the door chimes, and Jeongguk looks up to see a head of dark brown hair pop inside, Taehyung looking around until his eyes fall on Jeongguk and than he's approaching, long legs carrying him closer and closer.Just Taehyung slides into the booth across from Jeongguk, the younger's phone buzzes in his pocket, Taehyung's own device letting out a melodic tone seconds later.

Jiminie



 1:13pm


 idk if i'll be able to make it, yoongi hyung said he needed my help w/ something asap!
Jeongguk reads the text with a small frown, fingers typing out a message in reply, but his phone buzzes mid-sentence.

Jiminie



 1:13pm


dnt have too much fun with tae~ b careful, use protection~~ ;))))
Flushing red, Jeongguk erases his last message and hurriedly types out “i hate u go die” and pockets his phone again, being sure to take it off vibrate before he does so. When he looks up again, he sees Taehyung already looking at him, small smile playing at his lips like always.“So I guess it's just us,” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk nods in agreement, murmuring “yeah” and dropping his gaze to the table top. He feels a little awkward; never before having been alone with Taehyung like this. Of course, there's been times where Jimin had needed to go to the bathroom, or gotten up to grab them all drinks, and Jeongguk and Taehyung had been alone, but those had lasted a few minutes at most, and Jimin had always been no more than a few feet away, but now it really is just him and Taehyung and the younger is at a loss for words.They make awkward small talk for what feels like a century, conversing about the recent warm up in weather and classes and it's only when they get to the subject of the different libraries near by does Taehyung ask: “Did you order anything?”Jeongguk shakes his head and Taehyung stands, staying beside the table long enough to hear Jeongguk's request of a chocolate shake and blueberry muffin before he turns, standing in the one person long line up.Once Taehyung is at the counter, Jeongguk fishes his phone from his pocket and unlocks it quickly, opening his text app and typing out a message to Jimin.

Jeongguk



1:17pm


 i lied!!!!!!! i don't hate u pls come to the cafe idk how to talk to taehyung without ur annoying ass here omg pls
 When Jeongguk doesn't receive a reply within a few seconds he sends another.

Jeongguk



1:17pm


stop making out with yoongi and answer me omg i'm going to die hyung!!


Jeongguk



1:18pm





i hope yoongi's mouth is worth nvr talking to me again because im going to die now thank u 
Jiminie  1:18pm o so mr. smooth is too awkward to keep a conversation with someone who never stops talking????? wheres all ur foreign boy charms?Jeongguk makes a strangled, inhumane noise in the back of his throat at Jimin's reply. He glances up to make sure no one witnessed his display and nearly screams when he sees Taehyung returning already with two plastic cups in hand, a brown bag in the other

Jeongguk



1:19pm


i left them in canada!!!!!!!! go back to suckin yoongi's face off bc you're no help to me
Right before Jeongguk pockets his phone for the second time he sees a text flash on the screen and he skims over it quickly.

Jiminie



 1:19pm


 just talk to him abt anything, he thinks ur cool so he'll try to keep it from getting awkward,, don't worry too much. ur welcome~
 Jeongguk's chocolate shake is placed in front of him along with the paper bag with his blueberry muffin inside. He looks up and thanks Taehyung quietly, who sits back across from him and grins, taking a sip of his own strawberry shake happily.Jeongguk brings the straw of his drink to his lips and thinks about Jimin's advice as the thick, chilled liquid spills onto his tongue. He imagines Jimin being there; by now the short male would've mentioned something random and irrelevant, like their opinions on penny boards over long boards, or if they were a character from One Piece, who would they be? Thinking of a Jimin-like question, Jeongguk detaches himself from his straw. “Hey, hyung. If a ghoul and a titan were to battle, who would win?”The way Taehyung's face lights up and he starts speaking a mile a minute is enough to lay Jeongguk's worries to rest.



Jeongguk covers his mouth as he laughs, eyes crinkling closed as his shoulders shake. Taehyung's beaming across from him, proud his joke had drawn such a positive reaction out of the younger. Jeongguk hears someone clear their throat and he looks to see the barista shooting him a pointed look. He mumbles a sheepish apology and tries to calm himself, going to take another sip of his near empty chocolate shake only to see it missing from it's spot. He looks up to find the plastic cup in Taehyung's hand instead, the last remaining bit disappearing as the brunette's cheeks hallow around the straw.Jeongguk can practically hear Jimin's voice; “Taehyung just indirectly kissed Jeongguk!” His face warms as he tries to dismiss the thought. He turns his head to the side, eyes trailing along the store, over the tops of unfamiliar heads and faces, just so he doesn't have to look Taehyung in the eye. His gaze flicks back to the older when he feels his foot getting pulled forward, Taehyung wrapping his denim covered ankle around the pale boy's and smiling cheekily.“Want to go play video games at mine?” Taehyung asks and Jeongguk nods, but he doesn't move a muscle until Taehyung releases him, both males standing and, after disposing of their trash, exiting the shop, Taehyung linking his pinky with Jeongguk as they walk.Jeongguk has to use every ounce of being inside him to control his hammering heart.



 “Hyung! That's not fair and you know it!” Jeongguk whines, throwing his controller down in irritation, crossing his arms over his chest with a puerile pout on his face. Taehyung just snickers, eyes glued to the screen in front of him. They watch as Jeongguk's kart slows, Yoshi getting dropped by a flying koopa in the middle of the track and Baby Peach zooming by, going from eighth to first within seconds.“You can't just hang around the back to get good power ups and then destroy me, Taehyung,” Jeongguk whines the elder's name again, falling forward onto the ground, laying in front of Taehyung who doesn't even bat an eye as his kart crosses the finish line first. He does a small victory dance, waving his hands over his head and wiggling his body in a manner that represents a worm after being poked at, and Jeongguk thanks Nintendo for wrist straps. The younger hmph's as Taehyung smiles triumphantly, going on and on about he's just too good, and how he should be crowned the king of Mario kart already, because honestly no one's going to beat him.“Because you're a cheater,” Jeongguk butts in but Taehyung doesn't deflate, only flops forward to lay his body perpendicular to Jeongguk's, effectively squashing all the air out of the younger.“Are you sure, Kookie? Because cheaters never win, and it looks like I just won, again.” Taehyung teases, pushing himself back up so he's seated on his behind again. He scoots up until he's near Jeongguk's head, who's still laying on his back with furrowed brows and a frown.“Don't fret, Jeonggukie. Some of us are just gifted at games and other's aren't,” Taehyung coos sympathetically in his face, pinching his cheek as he leans over him and Jeongguk's nervousness from the cafe comes barreling back twice as strong, the scent of Taehyung's light collage and the faint smell of coconut body wash washing over him. Jeongguk doesn't think he's ever been this close to Taehyung's face before, he can see the few sun caused freckles dusting his cheeks and the one, tiny dot on the tip of his nose that he wants to reach out and kiss. They're so close, Jeongguk's sure if he would just lean up the tiniest bit their lips would touch, and.“You face's so hot now, what's my little Kookie blushing about?” Taehyung's teasing voice sounds through Jeongguk's thoughts and the younger grows frantic suddenly, as his face flames, trying to put some distance between them but he's stuck, the television stand to his right and Taehyung's body to him immediate left.“I'm not blushing, I just felt warm suddenly. I think I might be getting sick, actually, so.” The little white lie tumbles from Jeongguk's lips without much thought and Taehyung frowns, his fingers moving from Jeongguk's cheek upward, brushing his hair back off his forehead and than Taehyung's own face is getting closer and Jeongguk nearly chokes on his own breath. “Are you sure? You don't have a temperature,” Taehyung says, their foreheads pressed together for a moment before the elder's backing up, but only slightly, still close enough that Jeongguk can smell the mint on Taehyung's breath. The younger exhales deeply through his nose, turning his head a to the side a fraction, eyelids fluttering shut so he doesn't have to stare into Taehyung's deep brown eyes, pretty and dark and too much for Jeongguk to handle right now.“How can you even tell? I'm at least 98% sure that's not how you check someone's temperature,” Jeongguk replies, trying to keep his voice light and easy but even to his own ears he sounds a little airy, an undertone of unease or something else dancing under his words.“That leaves 2% of you that's not sure, you can't tell me how to take someone's temperature! Where's your medical degree, doctor Jeon?” Taehyung teases, finally, finally, leaning back, resting his weight on his hands behind him, and Jeongguk feels like he can finally breath. He sits up, raising from the ground and stretching his limbs out, subtly increasing the distance between them. His watch beeps twice, altering him that it was quarter after three and reminding him that he had set some time aside to write his paper that was due sometime next week. “I should be going to get mine now, where's yours, doctor Kim?” Jeongguk shoots back, smirking when Taehyung rolls his eyes at him, his mouth forming a small pout as he pushes himself off the ground as well.“You're not even studying medicine, you dope,” Taehyung snorts, trailing after Jeongguk who collects his things, toeing his shoes on. Taehyung hovers by the front entrance, a few steps away from Jeongguk, watching the younger slip on his light jacket.Jeongguk shrugs, lips turning up into a small smile. He reaches out to open the door in front of him, stepping out into the common hall before turning back to Taehyung, the elder leaning against the door frame, eyebrows brought together slightly, lips apart like there's something on the tip of his tongue that he can't quite piece together into a coherent sentence.“Well,” Jeongguk coughs after a few beats of silence, lowering his gaze. “I'll see you later, alright?” He moves to turn, take a step away from Taehyung, but the brunet grabs his forearm and tugs him back, pulling him close enough that if Taehyung angles his head just so he could press their lips together, and for the second time Jeongguk finds himself worried that his heart's going to beat right out of his chest.“Yeah, later,” Taehyung murmurs, and then he is moving his head just so, mouth pressing against the corner on Jeongguk's in what could barely be considered a kiss, though it leaves the taller frozen in place, rigid with wide eyes and steadily burning face.And then Taehyung's gone, too far, back on the other side of the door in the safety of his apartment, one hand raised in small little wave before the door's closing, separating Jeongguk and Taehyung completely.The black haired male stands there for a few seconds, too stunned to move, and he seriously considers knocking on Taehyung's door and demanding an answer to what that was, and if they could maybe do it again, but his watch chimes annoyingly once more, jolting him out of his daze, and he forces himself to turn and walk himself down the corridor, everything feeling a little dreamy and soft.

 “No, listen hyung! He just, he kissed me!” Jeongguk nearly yells into his phone, careful not to knock his laptop to the ground when he bounces against the couch in a display of too many emotions coursing through him.“You're acting like this hasn't been a long time coming,” Jimin says, voice sounding a little far and Jeongguk figures he's on speaker. He exhales loudly, running a hand through his hair.“But he didn't even like, warn me or anything, he just straight up planted one on me! I could have gone into shock, hyung, that's how startled I was. I seriously thought I was going to die right there. You know what the worse part is? I didn't even kiss back, or say anything afterward. Who does that? Someone you like kisses you and you just stand there like-” Jeongguk starts to babble, words jumbling together until someone's voice calls through Jimin's side of the receiver, too low to belong to the dancer.“Hey, listen, you're talking too much and too fast. No one can understand you, you sound like a foreigner speaking Korea for the first time.” It takes Jeongguk a moment to recognize that as Yoongi's voice, a hint of Daegu lacing his words, sounding low and thick like he'd just awoken.“Yoongi hyung! Christ, can you tell me what to do? Jimin kissed you first, right? How do I deal with this,” Jeongguk pleads, ready to accept any advice the elder has for him. He hears Jimin's higher pitched laugh along with a grunt from Yoongi, a bit of muffled noises and then the Daegu man's speaking again, voice a litter closer but still obviously on speaker.“You wanna follow my steps? Kiss him, suck his dick, get fucked, then go on a date at four in the morning to talk about your feelings and shit, it works like a charm,” Yoongi says, speaking over Jimin's squeak of “don't listen to him!” followed by the creaking of mattress springs and more muffling.“Here's what you actually do,” Jimin's voice sounds, clearer, finally taken off speaker phone so he can talk directly into the mic.“Skip the first two steps, and just call up Taehyung and talk to him. You guys clearly like each other, if you ask him out he's obviously to say yes. Then you two can go on your merry little way and do whatever two weirdos do in a relationship.” Jimin says, sounding sure, like it's something Jeongguk should have concluded on his own, and maybe it is, but Jeongguk's never been good at seeing the obvious.“Now I have to go, I think I may have broken Yoongi's rips,” Jimin chuckles, and it's then that Jeongguk notices the faint groans in the background, barely audible 'you suck, park jimin,' murmured in the background.“Right, yeah. Thanks a lot, hyung. I'll call Taehyung soon,” Jeongguk tells, before declaring a farewell as both males hang up, the younger staring at his phone until the screen goes black.

It takes Jeongguk an entire week to call Taehyung. He puts it off at first, declaring that he needs to get his paper done first, and then he'll Taehyung immediately after. But as he nears the end of his essay he finds himself picking through it, going over it again and again and adding things each time, fixing every error and fact checking everything at least twice. He rewrites his conclusion eight times, and redoes his opening five. At one point he rewrites the entire thing in English, for no other reason than to have an excuse for not calling the elder.It isn't hard to avoid Taehyung around campus either, their classes taking place on complete opposite ends, and Jeongguk doubts Taehyung remembers his dorm number from the few times he'd visited with Jimin.Finally, though, after a week of postponing it, Jeongguk gather's the courage to dial out Taehyung's number, hitting call before he has a chance to change his mind. He holds his mobile to his ear with a shaky hand, nerves worsening with each ring.It take five and a half rings for Taehyung to answer, the elder picking up the phone just as Jeongguk thinks to hang up, rough, sleepy voice mumbling a hello into the receiver.“Oh, fuck- hi, sorry. Were you asleep?” Jeongguk replies, sounding twice as nervous as he feels and he curses his voice for sounding so timid.“Yeah, it's like midnight, kookie,” Taehyung yawns, but he doesn't sound irritated, the use of Jeongguk's nickname sending the younger's heart soaring. At the mention of the time Jeongguk checks his watch, seeing that it is in fact, midnight, the time reading 12:03am, and he curses again quietly, because he knows Taehyung has an early class tomorrow and it's nearly impossible for the elder to focus when he's sleep deprived.“I didn't even notice, I'm sorry. I'll call you back tomorrow instead-” Jeongguk apologizes, but Taehyung cuts him off.“No, it's fine. You decided to stop playing stranger for a reason, yeah? What's up?” Taehyung sounds a little more awake now. Jeongguk flushes at the call out, face burning red as his chokes on his words, having to clear his throat before he responds.“Right- yeah. I guess I just wanted to talk, about stuff, you know. Could I maybe come over?” He asks, hopes a little too high, considering he had been acting like a stranger the past couple of days all because of the kiss, and Taehyung really has no reason to say yes.“Yeah, come on over,” he says, the exact opposite of what Jeongguk had been expecting and he finds himself releasing a breath he didn't know he was holding.“Really? Shit, alright, I'll be over in fifteen,” Jeongguk says, waiting for Taehyung's hum of agreement before hanging up, not even bothering to change out of his grey sweat pants and hole-y t-shirt before he's shoving his feet inside a pair of shoes and wrapping a coat around himself, grabbing his keys quickly and jogging out the front door, barely remembering to lock it behind himself.

He arrives at Taehyung's in record time, clearing the distance from his dorm to Taehyung's faster than he ever had before, heart racing with anticipation each step closer he gets to the elder's apartment, until he's standing right outside Taehyung's door, exactly where he had been a week prior, where he had felt Taehyung's lips against his own for the first time.He raises a fist to knock against the wood, barely a minute passing before the lock's turning and Taehyung's sleepy face is coming into view, brown hair still mussed from his pillows and eyes still a little puffy. He sends Jeongguk a little grin, opening the door wider as a silent invitation for Jeongguk to enter, which he does hesitantly, still feeling much too guilty to comfortably be around Taehyung.“I'm not mad,” is the first thing Taehyung says when the door closes behind Jeongguk, the younger's eyebrows raising on his forehead at the sudden confession, a little confused because why aren't you?“Jimin called me after he got off the phone with you the other night, he said you told him you liked me, but that you're a little shit who's probably going to put off telling me for as long as possible.” Taehyung's eyes squint a little at that, mouth breaking out into small, toothy grin.“I of course corrected him by saying you're not a little shit, but instead a wonderfully, adorably scary cat kid,” Jeongguk tries not to laugh at that, but he finds his mouth pulling into a small smile anyways, feeling all nerves and tension melt away from his body as Taehyung nears closer, less than a foot of space between them.“Did you now?” Jeongguk asks, his first words uttered since arriving at Taehyung's, and the elder nods, humming 'mhmm'. With his shoes off, Jeongguk shuffles further into the apartment, getting right into the brunet's personal space.“So I don't have to get on my knees and beg for forgiveness?” Jeongguk teases, head tipped to the side a little.“I mean, you're still absolutely welcome to, but it's not necessary.” Taehyung giggles. In place of a reply, Jeongguk closes the distance between them, one hand cupping the side of his face while the other moves to rest on Taehyung's lower back, pulling him close enough that their chests brush against each other. Taehyung wraps his arms around Jeongguk's shoulders, tilting his head the opposite way of Jeongguk's as their lips slot together, moving slow and careful, a hint of caution mixed together with the younger's movement.He stays pressed against Taehyung until his lungs scream for air, and even then it's with great reluctance that he detaches their mouths, still stay close enough that their breathes mingle and mix, Taehyung's eyes still closed softly when Jeongguk lifts his gaze to watch the brunet.“That was nice. Better then you begging for forgiveness, even.” Taehyung breaths, voice airy and light, sounding beyond content.“I think I'll keep you around, Jeon Jeongguk.” He jokes, pecking Jeongguk's cheek lightly. Jeongguk squeezes him a litter tighter, butterflies fluttering wildly in his stomach in a way that make Jeongguk feel like he's flying too.“Ah, what was that? I don't understand,” the younger replies, his second language rolling off his tongue easily. Taehyung snorts and hits Jeongguk's chest, telling him he is in fact the biggest nerd to ever exist before he gets a little more serious, dark brown eyes holding Jeongguk's gaze as he says;“I really like you, kookie.” In English, a faint pink dusting both of their cheeks before Jeongguk ducks down and steals another kiss, almost smiling too wide to press their lips together properly.“I like you too, Taehyung,”





Afterword


End Notes
nyways come tell me i'm trash @ my tumblr :^D


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



