



Come and Meet Me in the - secondgrader - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Come and Meet Me in the Sky
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10315316.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Bangtan Boys Ensemble
Additional Tags:
Grim reaper au, Alternate Universe - College/University, interior designer hoseok, Doctor Kim Seokjin | Jin, Humour, well humour with a serious plot if that even makes sense
Stats:

        Published: 2017-03-15
          Completed: 2017-03-23
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 37477
      

Come and Meet Me in the Sky
by secondgrader
Summary
The first time he died, it was an accident.“It’s always a shame when it’s the young ones.” Jimin heard a deep, raspy voice from above him, talking to himself it seemed, “Although they do whine much more than the older ones, so I can’t feel too bad.”“Who are you? What are you talking about?”“I’m the Grim Reaper. But you can call me Yoongi. Or not, it doesn’t really matter because you won’t see me again anyway.”ORJimin just can't stop dying. And it has absolutely nothing to do with the beautiful man awaiting him in the afterlife.
Notes
I've been writing this fic for monthsssss and it's finally done ;-; it's all written up so I will update regularly, all that I need to do is some proofreading and editing so expect more soon!I wanna give a huge massive ginormous thanks and love to my sandal scandal gang for keeping me motivated and pushing me forward with this fic, otherwise idk if i'd have ever finished it! Or even started it, because honestly they came up with such amazing ideas for this fic!title from: in the name of love by bebe rexha & martin garrix without further ado, enjoy ~

          See the end of the work for more notes





Un




The first time he died, it was an accident.

Jimin had woken up naturally, the sun peeping through the crack in his curtains. He sighed and rolled over to check the time on the clock on his bedside table.

9:12AM.

“No, this can’t be happening!” Jimin screeched, launching himself out of his bed. Why hadn’t his alarm gone off? Of all the days for his piece of shit alarm clock to fail him, this was the 

worst 

day it could have happened. He had a resit exam in less than twenty minutes that he absolutely had to pass or he would fail the entire year of university, and that simply wasn’t an option. With the university being a twenty-minute walk on the best of days, Jimin had exactly minus two minutes to get ready and get his butt into the exam hall. Which is what led him to overlook any sense of personal hygiene, throwing on whatever he could find on the floor (and ending up in a quirky red shorts and purple t-shirt combo. Not his finest fashion moment), and bolting out the door with nothing but a pen in his pocket and a sense of panic buzzing through his body.

And then it happened.

He was absolutely 

positive

 that there was no car coming. Sure, he hadn’t really looked, because he was a busy man with places to be after all, but he didn’t 

hear

 anything coming. Stop, Look, Listen he had always been taught, but apparently the listening part of that was of no use. Maybe it was the sound of the rain that was drowning out the sound of the traffic, or maybe it was the amount of revision swirling around his brain stopping him from processing anything else. Either way, Jimin didn’t expect the screech of tires skidding across the floor as a car braked sharply, followed by the high pitched scream of the blonde haired boy and ending with the gruesome sound of metal connecting with body before complete silence.

***

When Jimin awoke for the second time that day, it was to a blinding white light and a wide, empty space around him that seemed to go on for miles. The cold on his back led him to the conclusion that he was lying down and he blinked a few times until a figure came into focus standing over him.

“What the hell?” Jimin groaned quietly, his entire body in some weird limbo between absolute agony and feeling weightless.

“It’s always a shame when it’s the young ones.” Jimin heard a deep, raspy voice from above him, talking to himself it seemed, “Although they do whine much more than the older ones, so I can’t feel too bad.”

“Who are you? What are you talking about?” Jimin tried to push himself off the floor except none of his limbs were working, nothing would move no matter how hard he tried. The light was too bright and he was desperate to move his arms to shield his eyes.

“No point trying to move, kiddo. You’re dead.” The raspy voice stated and Jimin could practically hear the boredom through his voice, “I’m the Grim Reaper. But you can call me Yoongi. Or not, it doesn’t really matter because you won’t see me again anyway.”

Jimin was well and truly, for the lack of a better word, fucked. He couldn’t move anything from the neck down with a strange guy with an intimidating voice above him claiming he was the Grim Reaper. He prayed to every god that he was having some sort of stress induced dream because of his exam and he was actually in bed, the events of the morning just a figment of his imagination.

He knew that wasn’t the case, but a boy could wish.

“Dude, I just got hit by a car. I really don’t need you trying to convince me that you’re the Grim Reaper. What I need is someone to take me to the hospital because I’m quite concerned that I can’t feel the rest of my body.”

“Dude.” The man, so called Yoongi, mimicked and if Jimin could feel his body his blood would definitely be boiling, “Like I said, you’re 

dead

. That’s why you can’t feel the rest of your body. Now let me just get a few details and then I can send you on your way.”

“On my way where?”

Yoongi sighed, as if the answer to the question was obvious. “To Heaven. Or Hell, if you’ve been an idiot. But with your face I’m going to guess you’ve got a one-way ticket to the sky.”

“Did I hit my head on the floor when I was knocked down? This is surreal. I can’t see because of that stupid bright light.” Jimin murmured and god, would someone turn it off before he gets a migraine?

“You talk too much.” Yoongi huffed, and then two loud claps resonated around Jimin before a weird feeling shot through his body and suddenly he was lying next to the car that hit him, nothing moving around him like some sort of freeze frame. Everyone around him was frozen into position, the birds in the sky hovering without a single flap of their wings, raindrops suspended above his eyes.

“Okay, I’m officially freaking out.” Jimin sputtered, “Can you please explain to me what the hell is going on?”

“Shit man, I already have. I get paid on commission, you know, I haven’t got time to hang around.” Yoongi groaned and in the normal daylight Jimin could finally glance at what this supposed Grim Reaper looked like. He expected a skeletal figure in a long black cape and holding a scythe, the way he was represented in just about any movie ever. What he didn’t expect was a short, sullen looking man, dressed in a black leather jacket with a baggy white t-shirt underneath and black ripped jeans. His face was somehow soft but sharp, with a mouth that sloped but eyes that pierced. His hair veiled his forehead in jet black strands, messy but in that perfect ‘I just stepped out of a magazine shoot’ kind of way. Oh, and also, he was extremely attractive.

Of course he wasn’t a skeletal figure. Because this was a crazy man and 

the Grim Reaper isn’t real. 

Jimin wanted to slap himself for even allowing himself to consider the idea.

“You got hit by a car, and it was pretty brutal and now you’re dead.” Yoongi sighed, “My job as the Grim Reaper is to find out if you were good or bad in your life and then send you on your merry way. The bright light was just for aesthetic reasons. It’s a pretty repetitive job so we put that in just to entertain us when people spook out.”

“That’s a bit harsh. It’s probably scary enough without burning out my corneas.” Jimin tutted, “Anyway, has everything stopped around me for aesthetic reasons too?”

He regretted saying that as soon as it slipped his mouth because he really shouldn’t be buying into this nonsense. Yoongi rolled his eyes, as if that was a pretty stupid question. “No, that’s because time has to stop for you to get where you need to be. I can’t just pop out in broad daylight in front of everyone, people would think I was a crazy man and try to arrest me before I get chance to send you all onto the next life. Time stops, your soul leaves, and then time starts again. Everyone realises you’re dead and I go off to my next client.”

Jimin’s head was spinning. How could he be dead? He had plans that night to go to a post-exam party; it was highly inconvenient for him to be dead. Those vodka shots weren’t going to drink themselves, after all. Plus, he really did have a lot to live for. His grades may not have screamed the next Einstein but he had a lot of hobbies he enjoyed, like sports and music, so he wasn’t too bummed out about university. He also had a really good network of friends and he didn’t really want to leave that all behind because of his carelessness. 

The longer he sat with the cold pavement pressing against his back, the more he was starting to play along with the idea that yes, he was actually dead and that he needed to do something to bring him back to life. It was crazy, but at this point he would believe anything if it meant he could actually move and get back to his normal life. “Is there anything you can do to send me back?” Jimin blurted out, and Yoongi looked at him incredulously.

“What do you think I am, the Wizard of Oz?” Yoongi snorted, and even when his face was contorted in disgust he still looked gorgeous. He probably shouldn’t have been thirsting over the guy sending him to the afterlife but it 

had

 been a weird day in his defence. “Why don’t you try clicking your heels together and see if that sends you home.”

Yoongi had a dry sense of humour, it seemed. Jimin wouldn’t bite.

“I don’t know if you remember me saying this literally two seconds ago, but I cannot move any of my limbs.”

Okay, maybe he would.

“I would watch your attitude considering I’m your only option of coming back to life.” Yoongi half snarled, but his face was completely blank and Jimin’s head was reeling trying to work out if the man in front of him was genuinely angry or just bored of the entire situation.

“I’m sorry.” Jimin mumbled, “I just really don’t want to be dead. My family would be devastated and I have an exam to take.”

“Most people would use death as an excuse not to take a test.” Yoongi shrugged, before rubbing his forehead and sighing. “Kid, you’re driving me insane. Let me just ask these damn questions so you can go frolic in Heaven. Any criminal records?”

“This feels like a job interview. Don’t you guys know this before we get to this point? Couldn’t I just lie and go to Heaven?”

“So you 

do 

have a criminal record? Interesting.”

“No!” Jimin cried out, “I’m clean, please don’t send me to Hell. I was just curious.”

Yoongi chuckled lightly and wow, it was a pleasing sound to the ears. “Curiosity is a dangerous thing, you know.  Seems like you still have a lot to learn about the world.” His voice trailed off and it had almost had a sad note to it. Flicking his eyes up and down Jimin, Yoongi sighed softly before speaking again. “You’re not ready to die. God, if my boss finds out I did this he’s going to fire my ass. I’ll cancel you as a client, as if this never happened. If there’s no Grim Reaper to take you then you can’t die, right? Go, live your life, learn some lessons, and I don’t want to see you back here for at least another sixty years. Got it?”

While Jimin was baffled at the sudden change of heart, he didn’t want to question the temperamental man and make him change his mind. The boy on the floor simply hummed in response, and without any warning Yoongi vanished into thin air and a bolt of energy shot through Jimin’s body. The scene around him was replaced by darkness as he felt his lids get so heavy he couldn’t keep them open anymore.

***

It wasn’t often Jimin woke up three times in one day, and it was even rarer for Jimin to wake up with a scene that can only be described as chaos unfolding around him. His senses were overloaded when so many sounds hit him at once; a woman shrieking above him, a car alarm whining behind him, the hushed chatter of onlookers trying to work out if the boy splayed on the floor was dead, the faint cry of ambulance sirens in the distance.

“He just walked out in front of me! I didn’t see him coming! Oh god, I’ve killed him, and he’s so young! What if he was close to discovering the cure for a disease?” The woman above him sobbed, her hands shaking in fear. It seemed to kick start Jimin’s body into gear, and suddenly he was choking on his own breath and his eyes grew wide, and the woman snapped her head to look at Jimin so fast it was surprising it didn’t fall off her neck.

“Oh thank goodness, he’s alive!” The woman cried, smiling through her sobs in relief before stepping out of the way for paramedics to help the injured boy. Jimin managed to calm his lungs down before wheezing out, “I definitely do not have a cure for a disease. I can barely tell you the difference between chemistry and physics.”

The next few hours passed in a blur. Jimin was strapped to a stretcher, told not to move just in case there was injury to his spine, and once they had pumped him full of morphine for the pain he found himself dozing in and out of a weird half asleep state for a while. He was x-rayed and miraculously only his leg was broken, although something told him that Yoongi had a part to play in that because there was no way he would have died without sustaining some sort of major injury. The doctor, a pretty and broad shouldered man called Doctor Kim with lovely ash brown hair, told him that he needed to rest because his body would be bruised and sore for the next couple of weeks. Luckily his broken leg was a simple one and just needed to be put into a cast, so there was no surgery involved.

“Make sure you get some sleep, your body has had a tiring day.” Doctor Kim told him, finishing up his notes before looking up at the exhausted looking boy in the hospital bed, “You were lucky today. Considering the speed limit of the road you had a high chance of being instantly killed. Make sure to be more careful in the future.”

“What are you, my mother?” Jimin huffed, but when the doctor fixed him a glare he quickly backtracked. “Thank you, Doctor Kim.”

“Yah, much better.” Doctor Kim scolded lightly, but he broke out into a smile that was so warm Jimin felt like he needed to open a window. “I’ll leave you to rest now. I think you have some visitors waiting outside.”

Jimin chuckled, “If it’s who I think it is I definitely won’t be getting any rest.”

With that, the doctor laughed brightly and made his way out the door, holding it open for the visitors to go through. Just as expected, two of his over-excitable and slightly gawky friends burst through, rushing over to Jimin and cooing over him far too much.

“You gave me one hell of a fright, Park Jimin.” His very tall friend Namjoon groaned, but followed it with a smile, his dimples making an appearance, “But we’re glad they managed to scrape you off that road relatively intact.”

“I mean I’ve lost the ability to walk, if that’s what you want to call intact.” Jimin huffed, earning a burst of hysterical laughter from his friends.

“It’s good to see the accident hasn’t changed you. Still the good old drama queen self you’ve always been.” His other friend Hoseok grinned, swerving away from a punch Jimin tried to land at the comment. The younger noticed that it was just the two boys that had come to visit him. “Where’s Tae and Jeongguk?” He asked.

“Taehyung is in that exam you were supposed to be at.” Namjoon replied, making Jimin wince at the reminder that he had missed a very important exam. The elder seemed to sense Jimin’s panic and tried to backtrack. “We’ve told the university that you had an accident though, they said you could postpone the exam until the summer resits happen as long as you provide a doctor’s note so don’t worry about that. Jeongguk is in a lecture but he said he’ll come straight here once it’s done.”

Jimin felt a little relieved at that. At least he hadn’t messed up his entire year of university. When Jimin didn’t speak any further, Hoseok piped up. “I would have come to see you sooner, but my appointment with a client overran this morning. She couldn’t decide if she wanted the cobalt blue or the Egyptian blue curtains for her bedroom.”

Right. While Jimin was still in university, Hoseok had graduated and gone on to find a job. Surprisingly, he went with interior decorating, after getting a taste of it one summer when he helped to decorate his cousin’s new house. Jimin still couldn’t quite wrap his head around this career choice for the boy, always being very athletic rather than artsy, but he was happy as long as it made Hoseok happy.

“I was only studying so I would have been here sooner, but I had to wait for 50 shades of blue over here to give me a lift.” Namjoon added with a shrug. He had decided to do a fourth year in university, studying a Masters in psychology. This meant the elder constantly analysing everything that came out of his friends’ mouth.. Annoying, but he was pretty good at getting to the root of an emotional problem. His blunt-but-true analysis had been the cause of many an argument in the past. Namjoon flicked his eyes over to Hoseok. “By the way, cobalt blue and Egyptian blue are pretty much the same shade.”

Hoseok shoved Namjoon roughly, a wide grin plastered on his face. “This is why I’m the interior designer and you’re wearing an eskimo hat with a dress shirt.”

“You didn’t have to rush over here to see me. Not like I can move any time soon anyway.” Jimin huffed, distracting the other boys and earning a chuckle from them, but this time more out of pity.

The next half an hour was dedicated to cheering Jimin up before Taehyung and Jeongguk both crashed through the door and the volume of noise increased tenfold in the small room. Jimin really appreciated that the boys came to visit him, that he had friends that cared so much, but all he could think about was the whole death experience. His friends quickly became white noise as his mind wandered back to the events of the morning. Was it a morphine induced dream? Was the slightly scary slightly hot Grim Reaper a figment of his imagination? Or did he actually die and get extremely lucky? Or unlucky, considering the guy was a bit of a pain in the ass. Jimin quickly kept a mental note for himself to google if anyone else in the world had an experience with the Grim Reaper when he was finally released from the hospital. Google always had the answers.

“Earth to Jimin?” called out Taehyung, and that snapped Jimin back into reality. “Did you hear anything I just said? You look pretty zoned out.”

“Sorry Tae, it’s all that morphine. I feel like I’m ascending into the sky or something.” Jimin lied. 

More like ascending into Heaven. 

“It’s been a weird morning.”

“I bet. Maybe we should let you rest up for a bit.” Namjoon offered, looking to the other guys for agreement. They all nodded with a small smile and Jimin sighed.

“Yeah, I think I just need to sleep it off. Thanks for coming to see me.”

The boys took turns to give Jimin the tightest hug they could, a little awkward with Jimin’s cast and bed in the way, before giving him a big wave and making their way home. He suddenly felt very exhausted, and his friends had barely walked out of the door before he slipped off into a much needed sleep.

*** 

Jimin must have had a bad omen following him, because dying twice in the space of a month was truly tragic. His leg hadn’t even healed yet.

In his defence, it wasn’t his fault this time. He entirely blamed his stupid friends.

Jimin hadn’t stayed in hospital long after his meeting with the bonnet of a car. Seeing as the break was a simple one, once he had slept off the morphine and had his stats checked a final time he was discharged. For a couple of days, he was pretty much housebound, as while he had crutches for his legs the rest of his body was so sore and bruised that his leg was the least of his concerns. But Jimin was a fighter, albeit a bit of a dramatic one. Even though he whined pretty much every waking moment, he kept himself dosed up with painkillers and slept as much as he could and soon enough started to feel a lot less achey.

In celebration of Jimin finally being on the mend, they had suggested they go to a bar for a few drinks. Namjoon had suggested his favourite bar, one on the rooftop of a skyscraper in the centre of Seoul. Obviously he had forgotten the fact that Jimin was still in a cast, and walking up flights of stairs was a tricky task for him. There was an elevator in the building, but it only went so far up, meaning you could only get up the last couple of floors by using the stairs. While the other boys had groaned in disbelief at Namjoon’s choice of bar given the situation, Jimin had plastered a sickly sweet smile on his face before saying, “Great choice, hyung. You can piggyback me up the stairs!”

So that’s how a few hours later Jimin was on a sweaty and breathless Namjoon’s back, being dragged up the stairs to a pretty swish bar. For someone so small, Jimin was incredibly heavy, densely packed with a lot of muscle. Namjoon wasn’t particularly strong, always more academic than athletic, and Jimin almost felt sorry for the elder for having to carry him up the stairs. But not 

that 

sorry. Served him right for being an idiot, after all.

Now, normally Jimin wouldn’t get too drunk at a place like this, because he was a poor student and he didn’t particularly fancy taking out a mortgage to pay for a drink. However, this time around the rest of the boys had decided to buy the drinks for him seeing as it was his celebration after all. It didn’t take much to get Jimin drunk on the best of days, and so having six other boys buy him very strong shots and spirits was never the wisest of ideas. Before long Jimin was rolling around on one of the plush leather sofas, his legs propped up on Taehyung’s lap and his head lolling against Jeongguk’s shoulder, cheeks rosy and giggling uncontrollably. Unfortunately, the rest of the boys were in a similar state and with no one to tell him to slow down, he was throwing down shots as if they were just plain old water. Maybe they were, because Jimin certainly wasn’t feeling a burn as they went down his throat anymore. Dragging himself over to the edge of the rooftop bar, he gasped at the view of Seoul in front of him. “Look how pretty Seoul is man, I could look out at this forever.”

“Park Jimin, stay away from that rail!” Hoseok slurred, still concerned about Jimin’s safety even though he could barely keep his eyes open. Jimin wasn’t even surprised at this point; Hoseok was definitely the most nurturing of their odd assortment of friends.

“It’s all gooooooood.” Jimin drawled, draping himself over the rail, “Look, I can even lift myself up over it and I’ll be fine!”

“Jimin, don’t be so stupid. If you climb over that rail, you’ll fall.” Namjoon added, slightly less drunk than the rest of them but still too drunk to actually make any effort to grab Jimin himself.

“Is that a challenge, hyung?” Jimin smirked, before hoisting himself up on the rail. Hoseok shrieked as Jeongguk egged him on. Jimin had always suspected their youngest friend was evil.

Drunk Jimin apparently wasn’t as agile as sober Jimin.

All Jimin had planned to do was to sit on top of the rail and look out, just to scare Hoseok and Namjoon before pulling himself back down and maybe ordering another shot or five. What he hadn’t planned for was to lose his footing and subsequently his balance, tumbling over the front of the bar and falling all the way down to the cold pavement some 30 stories.

***

“What the fuck? You again?”

Jimin hadn’t even opened his eyes before he heard the voice boom in his ears. He didn’t really want to open them, just in case the bright lights blinded him again. As if he could read Jimin’s mind, Yoongi clapped loudly and Jimin dared to open his eyes to find himself on the pavement below the bar, once again not able to move his limbs.

Yoongi huffed. “Didn’t I specifically tell you I didn’t want to see you again anytime soon?”

“I’m flattered.” Jimin replied sarcastically. In the distance he could see the faint dots of his friends leaning over the railing, frozen in position.

“It’s not even been a month! You’ll be paying my wages single handedly at this rate.” Yoongi sighed, eyeing Jimin’s cast. “You know, I could have healed you up completely last time, but I thought I should make it a bit believable. You wouldn’t have survived that hit without any wounds.”

“I thought I had dreamed last time.” Jimin muttered, ignoring Yoongi’s last comment, “But here I am again. Maybe it’s a sign.”

“It’s a sign you’re a pain in the ass.” Yoongi jibed, “Seriously, kid. I know I’m insanely good looking but you have to stop doing stupid shit to meet me like this.”

Jimin rolled his eyes, trying to act like that was the stupidest thing he’d ever heard (though in reality, Yoongi really was insanely good looking. He didn’t need to know that though). “Can you just send me home already? I didn’t mean to do this, I was drunk. Man, I’m still drunk.”

“How can I bring you back to life after that? There’s no way you would have survived a fall that high!”

“There was no way I would have survived that car accident either, but you saved me from that! Why are you being so difficult?”

Yoongi run his fingers through his messy black hair, looking slightly torn at what to do. He was kind of cute when he was pissed off. Like an angry Chihuahua. “Listen, kid. This is my job. I can’t be handing out refunds left right and centre. If I cancel too many clients, they’re going to wonder what I’ve been doing with all my time. Please just accept that you’re an idiot and let me send you where you need to be.”

Feeling his eyes starting to fill up, Jimin blinked furiously. This was a bad time for him to not be able to move his head. He didn’t want Yoongi to see him cry, as he knew that it was his own fault that he was in this mess. He just really, really didn’t want to go to Heaven yet and he was a frustrated crier. As if on cue, Yoongi peered into Jimin’s eyes. “Are you 

crying? 

Jesus Christ, aren’t you a bit old for that? What are you, eighteen?”

“I’m twenty-one, you dick!” Jimin spluttered, trying to hold back sobs and instead making strange little snorting sounds, “Anyway, who said crying has an age limit? It’s a perfectly healthy and normal thing to do when you’re literally at death’s doorstep no matter what your age. I’m pretty sure you’d be crying too if you were just told that it’s time for you to die.”

“Yeah, because I haven’t already had to go through that? How do you think I got this job?” Yoongi spat before sharply turning his head away, seemingly not meaning to divulge so much about himself. He coughed awkwardly, but Jimin didn’t seem to sense the tension. His eyes were bright with interest, albeit still teary and his nose still snobby, when he asked, “Oh, you already died? I just assumed you were some kind of spirit thing that had always been in the afterlife. What happened?”

Yoongi snapped his head back to look at Jimin, his eyes seething. “None of your goddamn business.”

“Are you always this rude? I only asked a question, jeez.” Jimin bit back, “I’m just curious to know how you ended up doing this as a job.”

“I said it’s none of your 

goddamn business, 

what part of that don’t you understand? You might have it all sunshine and roses back in your life but it’s not always the same for everyone else.” Yoongi barked, holding his eye contact with Jimin steadily. When the younger seemed to be shaken by the outburst, Yoongi took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. “Whatever. This is the last time I send you home, three strikes and you’re out and all that jazz.”

“Yoongi, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry-” Jimin started, but Yoongi left no time for him to finish before speaking himself.

“I’m going to have to leave you a little worse for wear, alright. You’re going to be sore for the next couple weeks. Don’t you dare come back or I’ll make sure to murder you a second time when you get here.” Yoongi muttered, but his eyes were suddenly softer and they flicked over Jimin in almost pity. “And by the way, that’s hyung to you.”

Jimin didn’t even have chance to reply before he felt that familiar jolt of energy pulse through his body.

***

“JIMIN! HOLY SHIT!”

This was the first thing that pierced through Jimin’s ears as he slowly came back to consciousness and damn, Yoongi wasn’t lying when he said he’d feel rough. All of Jimin’s bones ached, his bad leg definitely a lot worse now, and he started to regret not taking up Yoongi’s offer to go to Heaven. He wasn’t sure who first screeched his name because his friends were now in hysterics, bounding away from the rail to presumably come to the pavement. Soon he felt the presence of onlookers crowding around him, too afraid to touch him in case he’d broken his neck or his spine. His eyelids felt heavy and he tried his best to keep them open, but they kept weighing down and down and eventually he surrendered and let them flutter shut.

When he finally became aware of his surroundings again, Jimin found himself lying in a private hospital cubical, the sound of a heart monitor gently beeping beside him. He could feel tubes and wires connected to his arms, and when he slowly opened his eyelids he was faced with all his group of friends staring back at him, their face painted with worry.

“Guys, I think he’s waking up.” Jimin heard Taehyung’s hushed whisper, but his eyes still felt a bit heavy to properly make him out. Still, he forced himself to open his eyes properly and when it had registered with the rest of the boys that yes, Jimin was now awake, they spared no second to crowd closely round the hospital bed.

When Jimin just groaned in response, there was a muffled chuckle before he could hear Jeongguk pipe up. “Yeah, he’s awake alright.”

“I don’t want to start with the third degree right from when you open your eyes,” Namjoon muttered, and now that Jimin’s eyes were fully open he could see just how bad a state Namjoon was in. He looked like he hadn’t slept for days, his fair hair sticking up on end, and his face was a mixture of stress, worry, relief and pure anger. It was times like these that Jimin realised how much of a brotherly relationship he had with Namjoon.  “But what the fuck kind of stunt did you pull back in that bar? Do you realise how much of a freak of nature it was that you 

survived

 that?”

“Alright, I think you young men should take a step outside for a minute. I need to just do a quick check up now that Jimin is awake.” A familiar voice came from the doorway, and the owner of that voice made his way into the cubicle. As he got closer Jimin could see his lanyard with his ID in and, oh yeah, it was the pretty doctor from the first time he was admitted.

“Two times in one month, how unfortunate.” Doctor Kim sighed, scanning the notes at the end of Jimin’s bed. “You were even luckier this time than last time. None of us can quite wrap our heads around the fact you survived a fall that big. I didn’t think it was possible.”

“I’ve clearly got some kind of superpower. Hollywood should make a movie about me.”

Doctor Kim moved over to the side of the bed, placing a cold stethoscope to Jimin’s chest to hear his heartbeat. “Do me a favour and try not to test your superpower theory out. As lovely as you are I don’t really like having repeat customers here.” The doctor pulled the stethoscope away from Jimin’s chest. “Your pulse seems to be normal.”

“How long was I out for?” Jimin asked weakly as the doctor fiddled with wires that were in his arm.

“About three days. We put you under general anaesthetic because you needed some surgery on your leg, seeing as you made the break worse.” He replied, nodding at Jimin’s leg and pulling out one of the chords in his arms, quickly covering it up with some cotton wool. “All straightforward stuff. There’s also a cracked rib but there’s not much you can do for that other than let it heal naturally. You’re going to need to rest up for a while, but you really didn’t do a lot of damage considering the height of your fall. Your friends have been worried sick.”

“Yeah. I feel a bit guilty about that. Namjoon-hyung doesn’t usually hold a grudge though so I’ll make it up to him when I can.”

“Namjoon is the one who was giving you a lecture when I walked in, right?” Doctor Kim questioned, raising an eyebrow as he cleaned away all of his equipment, “The one with the dimple?”

“That’s him.” Jimin answered, smirking, “Why are you asking? Do you think he’s cute?”

The doctor scoffed. “Just wondering. I like to know people’s names so I can address them politely.”

“Sure thing, Doctor Kim.” Jimin replied sarcastically, “The rest of my friends you’re going to address rudely then, I suppose? Seeing as you didn’t ask for their names too.”

“You shouldn’t use that tone with me, Jimin. It doesn’t suit you.” Doctor Kim tutted, but the apples of his cheeks turned a rosy pink and Jimin knew he’d hit the nail on the head. “Anyway, I’ve finished my tests. Everything seems to be absolutely fine, so I think you must have someone looking out for you somewhere because to fall that height and not have any major injuries is astounding. I’ll let your friends back in now.”

“Please don’t, if I wanted another lecture I’d go back to university.”

Chuckling, the doctor swung the door to the cubicle open and motioned for Jimin’s friends to come back inside. The doctor’s eyes met Namjoon’s briefly, and when the younger smiled politely and his dimple popped to the surface, Jimin could see a flush of colour in the tips of Seokjin’s ears. He was obviously flustered, even without his ears giving it away, as he clattered into the door clumsily before scurrying out the room, a faint sigh trailing behind him. Namjoon seemed oblivious to it all.

“How are you feeling?” Taehyung asked gravely, reaching for Jimin’s hand.

“Hurts.” Jimin grumbled, using his empty hand to pull the duvet right up to his eyes, “I’m an idiot.”

“Damn right you are.” Namjoon started, but Hoseok placed his hand on the younger’s shoulder and gave him a look as if you say 

you need to chill, the poor boy just fell off a building. 

Namjoon coughed awkwardly. “We’re just glad you’re ok. Well, alive to tell the tale.”

“You had us worried sick.” Hoseok said softly, his eyes glazed and cast downwards. Jimin felt a pang of guilt.

“It was an accident. I’ll be more careful next time.” Jimin promised, before turning to Namjoon to try and diffuse the tension. “So, that doctor is pretty cute, huh hyung?”

“I think it’s against hospital policy for doctors to date their patients, so don’t even think about it Jimin-ah.” Namjoon sighed, and Jimin rolled his eyes so hard he was surprised they didn’t fall out of his head. How could someone so smart be so oblivious? He had passed his degree with the highest mark in his cohort and yet socially he had no clue. Namjoon tutted, “Besides, he’s a bit old for you, don’t you think? And you’ve just had a massive accident, is dating really what’s on your mind right now?”

“You say that like there’s years between us. Whatever, forget it.” Jimin huffed. For a man that owned a first class degree and was doing a Masters, Namjoon sure was dumb at times. Jimin continued, “Now let me sleep, I’m pretty sure I’m 

still

 hungover after clearing out the bar and I need my beauty rest.”

And so, the boys said their goodbyes, leaving Jimin to stew in the thoughts of a Grim Reaper with a sharp tongue but a pretty face.

 ***

“What do you think happens after you die?” Jimin asked the boys as they all crowded into his little living room. He was finally home, discharged after a week of observation and tests. With Jimin’s leg being in a pretty bad state, the group had resorted to spending most of their free time lounging around watching movies in the apartment Jimin shared with Jeongguk and Taehyung. This left a lot of time for deep discussions over a bowl of popcorn and a trashy rom-com. After Jimin had seen the Grim Reaper twice, that was all that had been on his mind, and his google search proved fruitless. No one seemed to have had an encounter with the Grim Reaper that Jimin had seen, always describing a person completely different, and so the boy assumed they were probably made up.

Hoseok shuffled around from where he was sat in front of the sofa (as it was difficult to fit five grown men on the loveseat) to face Jimin. “It kind of freaks me out to think about. Hopefully there’s some kind of afterlife.”

“No way. I think you just cut out. Like you never even existed.” Namjoon offered, shrugging.

“Dark, hyung.” Jeongguk muttered from next to Hoseok, “I kind of hope there’s no afterlife because I’m pretty sure I’m destined for Hell.”

“Definitely destined for Hell.” Taehyung agreed with a snicker, putting his hands on Jeongguk’s shoulders from above him, “I’m definitely going to Heaven, I’m the perfect boy.”

“You said that Shrek the Third was better than the first Shrek film, I think that’s reason enough to send you to Hell.” Jeongguk retorted, pushing Taehyung’s hands off.

“Why are you asking, anyway?” Namjoon questioned, raising an eyebrow.

Jimin paused for a moment. Did he want to be truthful to the boys and tell them about his experience with the Grim Reaper? They’d probably think he was completely crazy. But he felt like he 

was

 going to go crazy if he kept it all to himself, confused and slightly fearful. In the end, he decided to be semi-truthful. “I had a weird, uh, 

dream

 during both of my accidents. Of a guy named Yoongi, trying to decide if I was destined to Heaven or Hell? He was the Grim Reaper. Both times we kind of argued, he was super grumpy.”

“That’s so cool, hyung!” Jeongguk exclaimed, “I didn’t realise you dream when you get knocked out. What did this guy look like?”

“He was actually pretty hot. Had this bad boy vibe about him. Probably about my height, had jet black hair. A pretty sharp jawline but then his cheeks and his nose were so soft. Scary eyes though. Seems to only ever wear black ripped jeans and a black leather jacket.” Jimin described, blushing a little bit.

“Hey, what did you say his name was again?” Namjoon asked, suddenly very interested in the conversation.

“Yoongi, why?”

“I know a guy called Yoongi, he sounds a bit like that description. Started working in that little grocery store down the street, not long after you had your second accident. I pop in there every once in a while on the way home from here. He’s pretty chatty, seemed really grumpy at first but he always makes conversation to me while I’m there.” Namjoon explained, Jimin’s eyes going wide, “I see him about sometimes, like when I go shopping or whatever. You’ve probably seen him about somewhere. They say that every person you see in your dreams you’ve seen in real life.”

Jimin nodded in reply, opting not to say anything. Obviously the guy Namjoon was talking about wasn’t the guy he saw after he had died, because he didn’t dream any of it. Plus, after Jimin’s first accident he had barely even left his shitty apartment, so at what point would he have even seen the man? Even so, he was pretty curious to see who this new guy was at the grocery store. If he was halfway as cute as the Yoongi Jimin knew, then he was pretty darn cute. He couldn’t wait for his leg to heal up so he could get back to his regular routine and maybe find himself a cute man.

“We just had the deepest ass conversation at my favourite part of this film.” Hoseok huffed, grabbing the TV remote and rewinding, “Now, are you all going to shut up so I can watch it again?”

“Sorry, hyung.” Jimin mumbled, miming zipping up his lips. Hoseok chuckled slightly before settling himself down, immersing into the movie. Jimin had no such luck, however, because all that ever seemed to be on his mind anymore was Yoongi.




Dau
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





It had been two months since he had fallen off the balcony of the bar. He had deferred his semester at university, having missed way too much to catch up, and with nothing to do with his time Jimin was slowly going crazy. Taehyung and Jeongguk could only skip so many lectures before they got in trouble and so eventually they had bitten the bullet and left Jimin to wallow in his own self-pity. After regular check-ups and physiotherapy sessions at the hospital, they had finally told him he could start getting out and about but 

nothing too strenuous and no extended periods of standing.

 Which didn’t really give him a lot of options concerning what to do with his time.

At around two o’clock one Saturday afternoon, Jimin finally lost it. He 

had 

to get out of his house before he ripped the place down, sick of staring at the same beige walls day in day out. Grabbing his crutches from by the front door, he threw on a hoodie and made his way for a quiet stroll down his street. It wasn’t very exciting, Jimin being a man that liked to be doing something productive at any waking moment, but he was extremely thankful for the fresh air and change of scene all the same. Spring was in full force, the air light and crisp and the trees starting to perk up after the sharp winter. If Jimin wasn’t struggling so much on his crutches, it would have been a very pleasant stroll. Even so, Jimin did feel his spirits lift slightly from being outside.

After walking around the block for a couple of minutes and getting sick of seeing the same dull grey buildings, Jimin decided the best course of action was to take a detour through the park. It was a beautiful day after all, and during nicer weather the park was always bustling. He directed himself straight towards the little pond situated right in the centre of the park, planning to sit himself down for a little rest on one of the benches by it seeing as he couldn’t stand for very long at a time. He had always loved watching the water; back in his hometown he had spent a lot of time at the beach looking out over the sea. The murky pond wasn’t the same, but it would have to do considering Jimin couldn’t stay standing long enough to travel to the nearest beach.

As he arrived at the pond, he decided to stand on the edge of the water, just to spend a few moments looking out over it. He loved the peacefulness of it, the sound of the water slowly lapping at the grass on the edge. He didn’t spend long, just a couple of minutes, but he really felt a lot better than he did that morning. Turning on his heel, he went to go sit on the grass a bit further inland before he was greeted by a wet nose sniffing at his shoes. A beastly Husky sat at his feet, analysing every inch of Jimin. The boy bent forward, tickling the dog’s ears and neck, feeling even better now he’d gotten to play with a dog while he was here. The collar round the Husky’s neck read 

Luna,

 a cute name for a cute, albeit slight scary dog. Apparently the dog was enjoying the tickling just as much as Jimin was, as when the boy straightened himself up the dog looked up at him expectantly for more tickles. When Jimin didn’t deliver, the huge dog jumped up onto him, putting its paws onto his shoulders, and time slowed down.

A few things happened between the dog jumping and Jimin hitting the water of the pond behind him. Firstly, there was a loud screech of “LUNA, GET DOWN GIRL!”. 

Bit late to tell her to get down now, 

Jimin thought to himself bitterly, as he lost his balance.

Secondly, as Jimin made his slow descent to his third death of the year, he caught eyes with a man stood across the park from him. His eyes were wide with panic but the rest of his face was expressionless, almost as if he was expecting it to happen even though he really didn’t want to watch it. Jet black hair veiled his face and his eyes so piercing they felt like they were looking directly into Jimin’s mind. Extremely familiar to Jimin, but he couldn’t quite process why given his current situation of falling to his death.

It wasn’t until he felt the cold water hit his back that Jimin realised who the man was. But it was far too late to react, as his heavy leg cast pulled him down into the depths of the water and he slowly felt his mind wander into darkness.

*** 

For the first time, Jimin woke up being able to feel his body. In fact, his body felt incredibly sensitive; the cold bit through him like sharp daggers and his chest felt full of water. He pushed himself off the floor weakly, noting that he was now on grass, to face Yoongi staring at him menacingly.

“What the hell is wrong with you?” Yoongi spat before Jimin even had a chance to properly sit up, “I had to drag you up out of that damn water. I’m soaking right through, just because I’m dead doesn’t mean I don’t hate being drenched. You’re just lucky I can’t feel the cold.”

Indeed, Yoongi was soaking. His hair was no longer a cute mess but a genuine tangle atop his head, his white shirt now clinging to his body and completely see-through. In a normal circumstance Jimin would probably be swooning at the subtle definition of Yoongi’s chest through his shirt, but he was far busier being annoyed at Yoongi for shouting at him for something completely out of his hands.

“I didn’t 

ask

 for the dog to push me into the water, asshole.” Jimin bit back.

“Hey, watch your tongue. I’ve said that I’m your hyung, so you call me hyung. Don’t forget where I can send you if you rub me up the wrong way.” Yoongi snorted.

Jimin threw himself back onto the grass with a whine. “Why does this keep happening to me? And why can I feel my body this time when I couldn’t before?”

“Both times before you died from impact. Your bones were all a broken mess, so in between death and going to the afterlife you stop feeling anything that hurts. This time, you died from your airways being blocked. Nothing else was hurt so nothing else needed to be numbed. I just didn’t bother explaining this all to you the first time because I didn’t think it would be relevant. You know, considering you’re only meant to die once.”

“Hyung, I can’t keep dying. My body has had 

enough

.” Jimin moaned, coughing a little and feeling liquid slosh around in his chest. “How do I stop dying?”

“Stop being a moron, maybe?” Yoongi replied sheepishly, rubbing his neck, “I don’t know, man. Just an idea.”

Jimin sighed, splaying his arms and legs out like a starfish. Being in the afterlife for the third time really wasn’t how he was planning to spend his day. Man, Namjoon was going to be so mad.

“What were you doing in the real world, anyway? Thought you were dead, so how does that work?”

“What do you mean?” Yoongi asked, “I haven’t stepped foot in the real world since I died.”

Jimin shot back up off the grass, looking Yoongi straight in the eye suspiciously, “I’m like 99 percent sure I saw you in the park just before I hit the water.”

“I think you got the wrong guy, bud. Must have been someone that looked like me.”

Jimin really was convinced that it was Yoongi standing at the water edge as he fell in, but Yoongi said that it wasn’t him with so much conviction that Jimin let it go. Maybe it was just the guy that Namjoon was talking about. He did say that the grocery store man fit Jimin’s description after all. It just seemed strange just how much he fit the description.

There was a lull in the conversation, which was strange as Yoongi had always been adamant that he had a job to do and that Jimin wasted his time. But now he was just standing awkwardly, watching over Jimin as he picked at the grass. After a few moments, Jimin looked up at Yoongi. “Well? Aren’t you going to send me to my inevitable doom?”

“I 

can’t!

” Yoongi growled, running his hands through his hair. While his face was scrunched up in annoyance, there was a sudden softness to his eyes that Jimin had never seen before.  “You’re so much of a goddamn 

idiot

 who keeps dying on 

accident 

because you keep doing dumb shit. You’re too young to die and I can’t have a clean conscious knowing that you got sent to the afterlife because a dog pushed you over into a pond. Like, that’s the most tragic death I’ve ever had to deal with. But if keep letting you go back, I’m going to get fired. I’m already on a warning for time wasting seeing as I erased your existence in my books before.”

“Woah…has Min Yoongi hyung got a secret soft side?” Jimin huffed out a giggle, shocked at the sudden outburst. “You never cared this much before.”

“Listen, kid. I know I come across as a super mean and grumpy guy, but my job is literally processing people’s deaths.” Yoongi sighed, sitting down on the grass next to Jimin. He crossed his legs neatly and it made the elder seem a lot less intimidating. “It’s a grim job, hence the name. You become accustomed to it, desensitised. I just have to get people through the system, you know? I’m not an ass for fun. People put up a fuss all the time, I had to learn to stop caving.”

“What makes me different?” Jimin asked softly.

A pause. “I’m a sucker for cute boys that die in dumb ways, I guess.”

Jimin wasn’t really sure how to respond to that. The Grim Reaper, death personified, thought that Jimin was cute. It took a lot for Jimin to get his head around that idea.

“Whatever, I’m probably going to send you home anyway because apparently I have no willpower.” Yoongi sighed, standing up and brushing the stray bits of grass that clung to his jeans off himself, as if he had never said his last sentence, “I know I’m becoming the boy who cried wolf, but I really mean it this time. If you come back here, I can’t send you back home. I’ll have one more warning and then that’s it, I’m fired.”

“How will I see you again?” Jimin questioned, going back to picking the grass, “I need to know if this niceness is a one-time thing.”

“Hey, I’m always nice, I’m just efficient. And as for seeing me again, that’ll have to be when you next die. Which, by the way, won’t be any time soon. We’ll be reunited when you’re old and wrinkly.”

“I may be old, but I won’t be wrinkly. Do a lot of skin care to look this good, you know.” Jimin replied cheekily, reaching out a hand for Yoongi to grab to help him up. The elder tugged Jimin to his feet and pointed to the little bits of grass that clung to the younger’s legs. “You’re covered in grass.”

“Thanks, hyung. Hey, I’ve never been sent back before when I could feel all my body. Is it going to feel different?”

“I don’t know, I don’t usually get repeat customers to tell me what it feels like.” Yoongi answered, a hint of a smile flickering across his face, “You’ll have to let me know in seventy years.”

That increasingly normal feeling of energy shooting through his body came suddenly, and Jimin’s knees went weak from underneath him. Collapsing to the ground, Jimin wasn’t sure what Yoongi muttered as he blacked out, but it sure did sound a whole lot like 

“Maybe it’ll be sooner.”


*** 

The first thing Jimin did when he opened his eyes on the grassy bank next to the pond was splutter up an ocean’s worth of water. He must have been dragged out of the pond, he assumed, and his assumption was proved correct when a man stood to peer over him. He recognised him as the owner of the dog that pushed him over.

“I was worried you weren’t going to make it for a second there, bud.” The man chuckled nervously, “I pulled you out as soon as I could but you’d already swallowed a lot of water. I’ve been doing chest compressions while I’ve waited for the ambulance to come.”

“Thank you for helping me.” Jimin replied weakly, his eyes half lidded and his head feeling more than a little fuzzy. 

Even though it was your fault in the first place. Put your dog on a leash, dude.


As if on cue, the wail of a siren rang through the air and Jimin was put onto that ever-so-familiar stretcher and wrapped up in layers of blankets and weird tin foil looking material to keep warm, taken to a place he should probably call his home by this point. Soon enough he was in a hard as board hospital bed, almost immune to the sterile smell that he had come to know so well. He wasn’t in such a bad state as the last times he had been here but boy, was his head going to be in pain once his group of friends came to visit him for the third time this year in hospital. The chances of them chewing his ear off was high.

“Oh?” Jimin heard a gasp of surprise from the doorway, and he snapped his head up to find pretty Doctor Kim staring at him. The younger wasn’t sure why the doctor was so surprised to see him at this point. “You’re back again?”

“Try not to sound too happy to see me.” Jimin huffed, a small smile on his face.

“I’m starting to get concerned with how often you come here. Is something bothering you?” the doctor asked quietly, “We have people you can talk to, you know? If you’re feeling down. This doesn’t have to be the answer.”

“I know it’s hard to believe but I really just have a very unlucky streak.” Jimin sighed, “I’m not getting in this mess on purpose.”

“I still think that we should refer you to speak to-“

“Honestly, Doctor Kim.” Jimin interrupted, “It’s just been a weird couple of months.”

Doctor Kim nodded slowly, but he didn’t look particularly convinced. Even so, he made his way over to the bed and grabbed the notes clipped to the end of it, quickly scanning them. “You know, seeing as you come in here often enough you can call me Seokjin-hyung if you want.”

“That’s actually pretty depressing.” Jimin chuckled, resting his head back on the pillow. All he needed was a nice, long sleep and he would probably feel much better. Out of all the accidents he had been in since the start of the year, this one was barely a scratch. Seokjin flipped over the page of notes, scanning through the back too, and then clipped the notes back to the bed. He didn’t look too concerned, only a hint of pity ghosting over his face.

“Well, you don’t really have any injuries from the event itself, it seems.” Seokjin hummed, quickly placing a thermometer into Jimin’s ear and placing a broad hand onto his forehead, “We’re going to keep you in for a couple of days, seeing as the water was so cold. Just to make sure you don’t develop pneumonia or have any problems due to oxygen circulation while in the water. You aren’t showing any symptoms so you should be out of here soon enough but it’s just procedure.”

Jimin nodded, his eyes already starting to droop. He tried to ignore Seokjin bustling around him as much as he could, exhaustion creeping over him, and when the elder was called outside by a nurse Jimin all but sighed in relief at the chance to have a proper rest. Well, that was until Seokjin entered the room again and gently tapped Jimin on the shoulder mere seconds later, earning an annoyed grunt. Seokjin giggled, “Sorry, I know you need your rest. But the nurse just informed me that some friends are here to see you. Pardon me if this is too personal, but is there a reason why your friends always come before your parents?”

“Namjoon-hyung is listed as an emergency contact of mine. He’s like an older brother to me. It’s just easier, seeing as my parents live all the way back in Busan.”

“Ah, I see. So, Namjoon has come to see you today?” Seokjin replied, a little too eagerly, and this time it was Jimin’s turn to laugh.

“You can stay if you want. You know, to make sure I don’t suddenly slip into a coma or anything.” Jimin grinned with a wink.

Seokjin nodded slowly, clearly grateful that Jimin had given him a reason to stay (even though it was a lame excuse) without mentioning Namjoon. The elder went to open the door and his friends burst through before Seokjin has even had chance to move away, a rainbow of emotions scattered over his friend’s faces. Gone were the days of pity, it seemed, as Namjoon looked positively seething and Hoseok just looked completely done. Taehyung was a little teary so at least one of them still had sympathy towards the unfortunate boy, but Jeongguk remained completely expressionless. Jimin braced himself for the worst.

Hoseok was the first to approach Jimin, patting his hair gently. The elder sighed softly, his eyes running up and down the complete mess that was Jimin’s body. “You’re an idiot, you know that? We’re going to have to lock you in a padded room at this rate.”

“You are not leaving our sight, Jimin.” Namjoon muttered, standing near the doorway awkwardly, “When you get out of here, one of us is looking out for you at 

all

 times. You clearly cannot be left alone.”

Making his way over to Namjoon, Seokjin tried to diffuse the situation. Or maybe it was his weird effort at trying to get into Namjoon’s pants. Either way, he deflected the dimpled boy’s attention to him. “Jimin is absolutely fine. Like I told him earlier, he’s just here out of precaution. There’s no need to worry. You’re a very good friend for looking out for him.”

Jimin made a gagging noise, which led Seokjin to give him a death stare before he composed himself and flashed a winning smile to Namjoon. The younger returned it, dimples out in full force, and Jimin could see Seokjin’s cheeks pinking just slightly. It would forever be a mystery how Namjoon wasn’t picking up Seokjin’s interest, and it was an even bigger mystery how Seokjin was swooning over a man that was wearing baggy dungarees and a flat cap. Either way, Jimin was too tired to really care that much, hoping that the two would sort it out for themselves.

After what felt like an eternity of lecturing from Namjoon, and trying to calm down Taehyung by repeating more times than he could count that he really was absolutely fine, the boys finally left Jimin in peace to get some rest. If he wasn’t so tired, he probably would have taken some more notice at the gentle hand Seokjin dared to place on Namjoon’s back, and how it was his turn for his cheeks to turn rosy.

***

When Namjoon had said someone had to be looking out for Jimin at all times, he wasn’t joking. Once Jimin was out of the hospital the elder had set up a rota of shifts for each of their friends to take turns looking after Jimin, to which Jimin had replied, “I’m sorry it’s a 

chore 

for you all to hang out with your friend.” Safe to say, he wasn’t the most thrilled about the idea.

Now, Jimin loved his friends, don’t get him wrong. But having one of them breathing down your neck at all times gets a little claustrophobic. His favourite ‘shift’ was when Jeongguk did it, because he was quite content to put a film on and let Jimin do his own thing. Unsurprisingly, Namjoon’s was his least favourite, as he couldn’t so much as open the fridge door without the elder freaking out about him hitting his head or something stupid along those lines.

At first it was almost nice to have his four friends be his personal servants, kicking back on the sofa and watching reruns of dramas without any responsibilities. But soon enough he was back in the same position as before his pond accident, wanting to tear the wallpaper off the walls he was so bored. His leg was finally taken out of his cast and while he was now fit enough to be out and about, Namjoon was terrified to let him anywhere near the front door. “What if you get hit by a car again?” Namjoon had asked when Jimin had first told him he wanted to leave the apartment.

“By that logic, what if I get in the bath and drown? Everything’s dangerous if you think about it too much.” Jimin had replied smartly. Or at least, what he thought was smartly. It had backfired horrendously and Namjoon had ended up banning Jimin from using the bath, only allowing short showers with supervision. Jimin was losing his patience. There was only so many times he could shower with his view being Namjoon’s back on the other side of the bathroom.

It wasn’t until it was Jeongguk’s turn to babysit the elder that he was able to leave the apartment. The younger didn’t need much convincing, the promise of a free meal paid for courtesy of Jimin too enticing to refuse, and Jeongguk was waiting outside the front door before Jimin has even had chance to grab his jacket.

“Where are we going, hyung?” Jeongguk asked as they made their way quietly down the street in front of their apartment.

“To the grocery store. I’m sick of eating ramyeon all the time, seeing as that’s all you guys ever buy me.” Jimin sighed, and Jeongguk just shrugged in response. “I know none of you cook very much but there’s only so much sodium I can eat. Who knows how you and Taehyung would have survived without me living with you both.”
                                                                                                                                

“Namjoon-hyung is going to get suspicious if he sees the fridge stocked up with healthy food after it was my turn to make sure you don’t leave the apartment.” Jeongguk huffed, but he made no effort to convince Jimin to go back home. So they soldiered on, taking longer than they would usually to get to the grocery store as while his leg wasn’t broken anymore, it was still a bit fragile to walk on.

When they eventually reached the store, Jeongguk ran straight to grab a trolley and they wandered through the aisles of the store aimlessly, in no hurry to get back to the cramped apartment. Jimin hadn’t really spent a lot of money the past few months, seeing as he rarely left the house, so he decided that it was time to blow some cash on snacks. “Hey, Jeonggukie, I wonder who the guy that Namjoon-hyung was talking about is.” He asked as they made their way down the chip aisle.

“What guy?” Jeongguk muttered in reply, more interested in the intense decision of whether to get cheese and onion or prawn cocktail chips. His eyes were trained firmly on the shelf, Jimin merely background noise.

“You know, the one that fit the description of the guy I saw after I got into my accidents.”

Finally snatching his attention away from the shelf, Jeongguk turned to look at Jimin. “Oh yeah, that guy. I’ll keep an eye out, I guess. Let you know if I see him.”

Jimin shrugged and picked out a couple of bags of chips to put in his trolley, before making his way over to the aisle with all the soup on it. The soup that he wanted was at the very top of the shelves and it was no secret that Jimin was a short guy. So, he did what he always does, and climbed up onto the bottom shelf so that he could grab out and reach the soup.

For Jimin, climbing on the shelves was second nature to him. Sure, he could ask Jeongguk to reach, but Jeongguk wasn’t always going to be there and he had learnt how to overcome his obstacle of being short. So he didn’t really think much of it, assuming that if the shelf could take the weight of all the cans of soup then it could probably take the weight of a relatively small Jimin.

He really shouldn’t have been surprised at this point that it wasn’t the case.

The can he wanted was just a touch too far back, and he pushed all his weight down onto the shelves so he could stretch out his arm a little further. Just as his fingertips brushed against the can he wanted, there was a slight wobble, and suddenly the can slid firmly into his hand. Alongside all of the other cans.

His weight had started to topple the shelves over.

Jimin held his breath as he waited for the inevitable. This is exactly why Namjoon didn’t want him to leave his apartment. Suddenly, he felt like he had never met a wiser man than his elder. In a few seconds, he would be flattened under a bulky shelf and hundreds of cans of soup. Death by soup cans wasn’t really how he wanted to end his life. He knew there was no chance of him coming back either, which was a shame because he never got to see the guy that looked like Yoongi. Not that it really mattered, he supposed, because now he would see the real Yoongi anyway.
                                                                                                                         

But then a hard weight rammed into his side and he felt himself fly through the air for an impressive amount of time, slamming onto the floor with a warm weight on top of him. This definitely wasn’t the shelves on top of him but a person, after having pushed Jimin out of the way of the falling shelves. Jimin hadn’t experienced luck like this for a very long time. He blew his hair out of his eyes and then looked up, trying to see who had been kind enough to save him from yet another death. It was an employee, a cap sitting low on his head and a face mask covering most of his face. All that was really visible were his eyes, sharp but with a relieved look in them.

“Thank you.” Jimin wheezed, the weight of this man making it hard for him to speak properly. The man pushed himself off slowly, wincing and rubbing his back gently. He must have hurt himself trying to save Jimin and the younger felt a pang of guilt. “Uh, what was your name? I could thank your manager or something. You know, for helping me out.”

“Doesn’t matter.” The man replied quickly, his voice low and rumbling. It was a familiar voice, and Jimin’s mind was in overdrive trying to connect the pieces. Sharp eyes, a deep voice, a combination he had come face to face with a few times. Suddenly Jimin wasn’t so sure how truthful Yoongi was when he said he’d not been in the real world. He had believed the elder when he said he wasn’t by the river but now he wasn’t so convinced.

“Do I know you?” Jimin asked quietly, but the man shook his head violently and turned on his heel quicker than Jimin thought was physically possible. “Wait!” Jimin shouted out as the man ran from his sight. He couldn’t follow, he was still sprawled out on the floor and by the time he had clambered up the short man had long gone.

Standing in the aisle by himself, surrounded by dented cans of soup, Jimin wasn’t really sure what to do. He prayed to anyone that was watching over him that he didn’t have to pay for all the soup he had destroyed because he could barely afford the one can as a student, let alone the entire shop’s stock. He was in the middle of a meltdown when Jeongguk finally decided to make an appearance, snacks galore bundled between his muscular arms, looking perplexed. “What the hell happened here?”

“Did you not hear the sound of hundreds of cans nearly killing me?” Jimin huffed, surveying the damage around him. He had two options – run far, far away and very quickly, or wait for a member of staff to come and beg for forgiveness in hopes they wouldn’t charge him. Maybe throw a few tears in for good measure.

Jeongguk glanced his eyes over the mess that surrounded Jimin, looking surprised as if he hadn’t heard the commotion. “Damn, hyung. You’re going to be eating plain rice for a pretty long time after paying for this.”

“Yeah, thanks Jeongguk.” Jimin muttered bitterly. This kid. Jimin secretly had a very big soft spot for him but damn did he want to smack him in the mouth at times like these. “I won’t be paying anything because we’re getting out of here 

right now.

”

“But I haven’t paid for my snacks!” Jeongguk whined, but Jimin was leaving no room for arguments as he grabbed Jeongguk’s arm, forcing him to drop all of his snacks, and sprinted as fast as he could out of the store. Back in the apartment, Jimin was restless. Either he was going insane, or Yoongi was definitely roaming the real world. Jeongguk watched anxiously as Jimin paced the living room, unsure why the boy was so stressed out. “It’s really not that big a deal that you knocked the cans over, you know.” Jeongguk said warily, putting a hand on Jimin’s shoulder to try and stop him pacing. “Someone will have the shit job of cleaning it up but it can be fixed. I’m more concerned that I didn’t get my snacks, to be honest.”

“Kook-ah, you don’t understand. I don’t care about the damn soup.” Jimin huffed, running a hand through his hair, “That boy who pushed me out of the way. It was Yoongi, I’m sure of it.”

“That guy that Namjoon-hyung is friends with? Okay?” Jeongguk replied, clearly confused as to why Jimin was so agitated over seeing his hyung’s friend. “You could tell Namjoon to say thank you to him for you? Again, not a big deal.”

Jimin just groaned in response, throwing himself onto the sofa and rubbing at his eyes. If he told Jeongguk the truth, he’d think the elder was absolutely insane, and right now he really didn’t need to give Namjoon any excuses to act like a protective parent any more than he already was. So instead, Jimin just settled to agree with Jeongguk. “Yeah, that’s a good idea. Thanks Jeonggukie.”

“Glad I could be of help.” Jeongguk replied with a wide grin, looking proud that he had come up with a good solution to the problem. Jimin couldn’t bring himself to tell the younger that saying thanks to Yoongi wasn’t the issue.

“Now, sit down and come watch some anime with me.” Jeongguk continued, “Namjoon-hyung will drop kick me across the ocean if you pull a muscle in your leg from pacing the room.”

***

Life goes on, as they say. Gradually, Jimin was given a bit more freedom, and after a few weeks they had finally stopped taking it in turns to watch him, seeing as he hadn’t seemed to get into any accidents for a long while. He couldn’t bring himself to go back to the store, too embarrassed and worried that they had some kind of wanted signs up, waiting for him to pay back the money he probably owed.

Jimin had a new problem now, though. The apartment became the only place where he felt like he wasn’t being constantly watched. But not by his friends, this time.

It was as if the world had given him his own guardian angel. Every time he tripped on a crack in the pavement, there was an arm outstretched to catch him and keep him steady, but when he turned to look at the owner of said arm they were already out of sight. Or whenever he was immersed in the music blasting from his headphones and forgot to stop, look, listen before crossing a road, there was a forceful tug on the back of his shirt bringing him back to safety, again never quite catching who was doing it. It was probably ridiculous to believe that it was one person, and it was more likely that passers-by just noticed the walking disaster coming their way, but he still couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was trying to stop him doing something stupid. But Jimin put it down to his now hyperawareness of dangerous situations and getting into accidents, and he let it go under the guise of it being something that was always there and he just hadn’t noticed before.

So to take his mind off it, Jimin had decided that he wanted to meet whoever the Grim Reaper lookalike was. Since his incident in the grocery store Jimin was desperate to meet the man, to see how much like Grim Reaper Yoongi he was. His mind was going crazy over who the man was that had saved him, so once the younger had met Namjoon’s friend and see that it wasn’t the same person he knew then he could sweep it under the rug as a coincidence and forget about it. His mind was starting to feel too cluttered with all these thoughts swirling round them.

“Do you still speak to that Yoongi guy, hyung?” Jimin asked from the back seat of the car to Namjoon who was sitting up front. Hoseok was driving them both to the hospital, as even though Jimin was now healed and healthy, he still had to go to get regular check-ups on his leg and attend his physiotherapy sessions. Namjoon had agreed to go into the appointment with Jimin; the younger had claimed he was a bit nervous to see the doctor and Hoseok had to make his way to work anyway so he couldn’t stay. In reality, he just wanted to get Seokjin and Namjoon in the same room and hopefully have a drama style moment where they realise they’re both in love with each other.

Namjoon hummed thoughtfully. “The guy from the grocery store? Yeah, I see him quite a lot, actually. Turns out we’re into a lot of the same music so we were actually thinking of going to see a gig together in the summer.”

“When did you two get so pal-ly?” Hoseok asked with a raised eyebrow, his eyes trained firmly to the road ahead.

Namjoon chuckled, rolling his eyes. “Don’t be too jealous, Hoseok-ah. You know you’ll always be number one.”

“Excuse me, am I invisible?” Jimin huffed, making Namjoon chuckle louder. “Anyway, can I come to the gig as well?”

This was the perfect way to find out who Yoongi was without outright saying he wanted to meet him. He didn’t want Namjoon to start asking too many questions.

“I don’t think it’s your kind of music.” Namjoon replied, looking at Jimin through the rear-view mirror. “You’ve never wanted to come before. Why now?”

“I just need a change of scene. Bored of doing the same things every day since my accidents.” Jimin sighed and Namjoon nodded in understanding.

“Okay, sure, I’ll get you an extra ticket. We can make it a group thing, I’ll get one for everyone. I’m sure Taehyung said he really wanted to go to a gig too.”

“Thanks, hyung.” Jimin smiled, glad that Namjoon hadn’t been suspicious. They arrived to the hospital and heaved themselves out of the car, before giving Hoseok a quick wave as he left for work and making their way to Jimin’s leg appointment.

***

“Well, it looks like your leg has healed up nicely.” Seokjin stated, scanning the x-ray sheets he had just taken. “It was a nasty break so you will more than likely experience some discomfort for another couple of months. But you should be able to put a bit more weight on that leg after a few sessions of physiotherapy.” Seokjin ended with a bright smile which had even Jimin close to swooning. But he had a task at hand and he needed to control himself.

“Isn’t that great, Namjoon-hyung!” Jimin announced, turning to Namjoon with a slightly wicked glint in his eye, “I can walk without so much assistance! You’ve been the best friend 

ever 

making sure that I was as comfortably as possible when I was healing. Seokjin-hyung, he’s such a great guy!”

Honestly, Jimin thought he was laying it on a bit thick, and he felt like gagging as the words tumbled out of his mouth. He just wanted to get Seokjin to agree to the compliments, to fawn over Namjoon so that the younger finally understood that he was interested. But if the doctor thought it was out of character he didn’t mention it, and in fact his face glowed up at the praise given to his crush. “So I can see. It’s great that you’ve had such a kind friend to help out. It’s probably helped the healing process along much more quickly, actually.”

Namjoon’s cheeks flushed a rosy pink and he rubbed at his neck, a sure sign that he was flustered. Checkmate. He giggled awkwardly before replying, “Ah, it was nothing. It’s what friends do.”

“No, seriously!” Seokjin smiled again and if Jimin was incredulous at Namjoon’s obliviousness, could Seokjin be any flirtier? “I see a lot of people come in here with no support. It was very selfless of you.”

“Well, as much as I’m really enjoying talking about how 

great

 Joon-hyung is,” Jimin interrupted, hopping off the hospital bed. “The water tank is full. I’m just going to nip to the bathroom real quick. You two, don’t go anywhere.”

He didn’t really need to pee, so instead he just walked around the corridors of the ward for a few moments before making his way back to the room. As he was about to push the door open he could hear the low rumble of Namjoon’s laugh, and instead the younger decided to be a very sly friend a listen to their conversation through the door.

“You’re very young to be a doctor.” Jimin could hear Namjoon say, muffled through the door. Then came the sweet tinkle of laughter from Seokjin, and Jimin felt a little hot under the collar. If he wasn’t already sure of his sexuality he’s pretty sure Seokjin would have made him realise he was gay.

“I graduated last year. This is my first year in the job.” Seokjin replied.

“I didn’t realise doctors could be so pretty.” Namjoon almost purred, and Jimin physically cringed at that. Flirting really wasn’t Namjoon’s forte. At least he was starting to realise that he was attracted to the doctor.

“Are you trying to say doctors are too nerdy to be pretty?” Seokjin teased, but Jimin knew Namjoon well enough by now to know that he would be panicking. Jimin heard the sharp intake of breath before a rambling, “No! No of course not! I think intelligence is really hot! Super hot! Not that I’m saying you’re hot. I mean, you are, but that’s not what I was saying.”

Jimin decided to end the situation before it had chance to go any worse by pushing open the door with a wide grin, pretending as if he hadn’t been crouched behind the door listening in. Namjoon’s face was bright red and he was rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly and while Seokjin’s cheeks were also dusted pink, he looked like he was trying to hold back a laugh. Maybe the elder found the whole bumbling idiot thing endearing. Jimin could only hope.

“Ready to go, hyung?” Jimin asked.

“Yes!” Namjoon replied a little too quickly, a little too enthusiastically, and Seokjin looked even more like he was about to laugh. But he quickly shook his head and composed himself, before walking over to the door and opening it for the boys to leave. The elder pressed a small scrap of paper into Jimin’s hands as he left and brought his voice down to a hushed whisper, out of earshot of Namjoon.

“That’s my number. Could you be a sweetheart and slip it into Namjoon’s wallet or something? I wanted to give it myself but he looked like he was on the verge of a panic attack.”

“Just call me cupid.” Jimin whispered with a wink, before shooting him a big grin and following Namjoon out the door.

“What was that about?” Namjoon asked as they made their way to the bus stop to catch the next bus back to Jimin’s.

“Nothing, he just told me to rest up.” Jimin lied smoothly, “Anyway, throw me your wallet. I want to look at that cute picture of us all from New Years in it.”




Chapter End Notes
i wanna say a massive thank u to the wonderful Josie for proofreading this fic. she noticed pretty embarrassing mistakes that I had missed so I owe her my life tbhfind me on twitter | tumblr


Tri
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




They say bad things come in threes. Jimin had started his day craving a bowl of cereal for breakfast, and he had seen a box of his favourite cereal in the cupboard the day before so he knew he was in luck. Making his way to the kitchen, Jimin couldn’t help but grin to himself, having woken up in a weirdly good mood.
Then, disaster struck.
He grabbed the box from the cupboard to find it feeling strangely light. Jimin didn’t remember eating that much cereal but it was fine, he could just pick up some more after he’d eaten whatever was left. But when he opened the box he found it to be completely empty, bar a scattering of crumbs at the bottom. No wonder it was so light.
“JEON JEONGGUK! KIM TAEHYUNG! GET IN THE KITCHEN, NOW!” Jimin shrieked, angrily throwing the box into the recycling bin. Even when he was mad he had to think about that hole in the ozone layer.
“It’s seven in the morning, hyung.” Jeongguk grumbled as he shuffled into the kitchen, his hair standing in all directions. He was  not a morning person. “Why are you shouting?”
Taehyung followed closely behind, looking even more worse for wear than Jeongguk. He was missing one of his socks, and his hair resembled that of a mad scientist. The shirt he was wearing was about fifteen sizes too big for him and his underwear was about fifteen sizes too small. Jimin always wondered how Taehyung was still single but in that moment he could understand perfectly.
“Because  someone in this house ate the last of the cereal, and then instead of throwing the box away and getting some more to replace it, they just put it back into the cupboard.” Jimin seethed, pointing at the box that was on the top of the rubbish pile.
“Whoops. Sorry?” Taehyung giggled nervously, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I’ll pick some more up later.”
“Damn right you will!” Jimin huffed, before pulling out a box of cornflakes to eat instead. Taehyung and Jeongguk slunk out of the kitchen, muttering something suspiciously like  jeez, what an overreaction under their breaths. They clearly didn’t understand how a good breakfast could make your day. Choosing to ignore them, Jimin went to the fridge to grab the milk, only to find that there was only a dribble left in the carton.
“I swear to god, I’m going to move out of this house if you won’t stop putting empties back where you found them!”
In hindsight, the cereal fiasco was only a minor inconvenience. Jimin ate his dry ass cornflakes in silence, his flatmates smart enough to leave him be until he had finished stewing in his anger. Bad thing number one could barely be counted as a bad thing.
But, he still had two more bad things left to come. An accumulation of bad things always made it worse.
Jimin had spent the majority of the year so far cooped up in the stuffy apartment and he needed to get out. He had planned to meet up with some of his course mates along with Taehyung, seeing as he hadn’t had a chance to chat with them for a while since he had deferred his semester. As he hadn’t really left the apartment the past few days, Jimin’s personal hygiene was lacking, to put it bluntly. Jeongguk had described his scent as  quite ripe  when he walked passed him to place his bowl in the kitchen sink (he’d probably clean it later)  , which wasn’t the best way to get back into the elder’s good books after the cereal incident. However, he wasn’t really lying, as Jimin had a little sniff of himself to check and indeed, quite ripe was an understatement. So, the first thing on his agenda for the day was to have a shower. You can’t meet up with friends smelling like a landfill site, after all. Dragging himself to the bathroom, Jimin went to go turn on the shower. He turned the knobs as he always did, cranking the heat to scalding because anyone who showers in anything less was weak in his books. He had done everything he had normally done, but for some reason no water was coming out.
“Yo, Tae.” Jimin shouted to his roommate, as his bedroom was the one next to the bathroom. He heard a grunt in response and Jimin took that as a green light to continue. “Why isn’t the shower working?”
When all Jimin could hear was a muffled mumbling through the wall, he sighed and walked into his friend’s bedroom. Taehyung was sprawled across his bed, Nintendo DS in his hand as if it was 2006, paying absolutely no attention to Jimin. He sighed, pulling the DS out of Taehyung’s hands. The boy on the bed whined and made grabby hands to try and get it back. “You can have it back when you explain why the shower won’t turn on. The ripe smell in the room? That’s me.”
“Ripe? If we had a cat it would have died by now you stink so bad. Ripe doesn’t even start to cover it.” Taehyung muttered, still trying to reach out for his DS, “I forgot to pay the water bill on time. I’ve paid it now but until the money goes through they’ve shut off our water.”
Jimin pinched the bridge of his nose, using every fibre of his being to stop himself from exploding on the spot. “Right. Okay. And how exactly am I supposed to go out tonight without a shower?”
“Why don’t you ring up Hobi-hyung or Joon-hyung?” Taehyung suggested, pulling his DS back out of Jimin’s hands. “I’m sure they’ll let you use theirs. God, you’re so cranky today.”
“I wonder  why  I’m so cranky.” Jimin spat sarcastically, clenching his hands. “Whatever. You can pay for all my drinks tonight seen as you’ve been such a pain today.”
Taehyung simply waved his hand at Jimin in response, clearly not listening, and Jimin was close to ripping his hair out of his head. He realised he really didn’t have much choice but to ring his hyungs to let him use their shower. First, he tried Namjoon.
 “Hey little man, what’s up?” Namjoon answered after a few rings.
“Can you stop calling me little man?” Jimin whined, but stopped himself from getting too antsy as he remembered he had a task in hand. “Anyway, I was just wondering if I could use your shower? Our water is off today and I smell like a sweaty ass.”
“ No can do, sorry man. I’m not home to let you in. Going out for some brunch with Jin-hyung.” 
“Wait, Jin-hyung as in Doctor Kim from the hospital?” Jimin spluttered, and wow, that was a development that he didn’t know about. Not that he was complaining, seeing as he had tried with all his might to get the pair to date. Even so, he had half expected Namjoon to not even notice that he had slipped the number into his wallet, let alone actually contact Seokjin.
Jimin could hear Namjoon’s deep chuckle from the other end of the line. “ Yeah, him. I know you had a part to play in giving me his number so don’t act innocent. As for your situation, maybe try Hoseok? I’m sure he said he was working from home today.” 
“Yeah, I’ll try him. Enjoy today, hyung. Use protection.” Jimin smirked so hard that Namjoon could probably feel it from the other end of the line. When Namjoon spluttered in response, Jimin hung up without even saying goodbye and dialled for Hoseok instead.
“ Hello, Hoseok’s Interiors speaking, how can I be of help today?” 
“Hyung, it’s Jimin.” The boy replied, trying to conceal a laugh. Hoseok always answered the phone like that but the image of a serious-business-man Hoseok was always so funny to Jimin. This was the same man who had a small army of plushies on his bed and did strange dances for absolutely no reason at random times. Jimin continued, “I need to ask a favour.”
“ Hit me.” 
“Can I use your shower please? Ours isn’t working and I’m going out tonight.”
“ Sure thing. I have my earphones in so don’t bother knocking. The spare key is under the mat so just let yourself in.” 
“You’re going to get burgled one day if you keep leaving your key in such an obvious place.” Jimin sighed, but relief swept through him at the thought of a nice, warm shower. “I’ll be over in a few. Later, hyung.”
Hanging up, Jimin grabbed his jacket and left the apartment, shouting goodbye to his roommates as he shut the front door. He hadn’t thought about the fact he would actually have to go out into the streets without showering and he suddenly felt very self-conscious as he made the short walk to his friend’s house. He pulled his hood up, hoping that his face would be obscured if anyone he knew walked past. Thankfully, Hoseok’s apartment complex came into view soon enough and Jimin hadn’t seen anyone he knew. All he had to do was cross one more street and he’d be in the safety of his friend’s home. Coming up to the crossing, Jimin waited for the traffic to pass. The street was busy and as he waited, his phone buzzed from his pocket. It was Taehyung sending him a meme; the boy sent Jimin at least four memes a day without fail. Chuckling, Jimin went to type out a reply before feeling a rough shove at his back. Turning round he was faced with a man dressed in a crisp suit, a briefcase in hand and a less than impressed expression on his face.
“For god’s sake, kids these days, always on their phone. You’re in the way! Maybe if you got off your phone for more than two minutes you would have seen the traffic signal had changed and you can cross.” The man snapped, and Jimin turned to cross the road quickly to avoid the wrath of the angry business man.
Three strikes and you’re out.
In a perfect world, Jimin would have looked both ways before crossing. Especially after his first accident, it would be thought that Jimin would have been pedantic in his road safety. But Jimin was also shy and scared of strangers shouting at him so he just stepped a foot out and hoped for the best. Of course, this was a bad tactic. There was the loud honk of a horn, the sound of tyres screeching across the tarmac and…
…the strong tug on the back of his shirt, pulling him back to the safety of the pavement. The bus that had been oncoming stopped next to Jimin, the driver effing and blinding at the boy for stepping out without looking. After he had finished, he sped away and Jimin was left with a racing heart.
“For fuck’s sake, what is  wrong  with you?” a deep voice growled from behind him, and as he swung round he was faced with a man with a mask up to his eyes and a hat that hung down low. He didn’t even need to see the eyes to tell that this was the same man that had saved him in the grocery store. “Can’t you stay out of trouble for more than five minutes?” he continued.
“Yoongi-hyung, I know that it’s you.” Jimin cried, putting a hand on the man’s shoulder. “What are you doing here?”
“I-I don’t know what you’re talking about.” The man stuttered, shrugging off Jimin’s hand. “I’m just a grocery store worker. I’ve got to head to my shift now. Also you might want to take a shower. You smell like pure ass.”
And with that, the man scurried off, Jimin’s head reeling at the encounter. Surely it was too much of a coincidence for the man to sound exactly like Yoongi? If this had been the start of the year Jimin wouldn’t have even entertained the idea, but after all the weird things that had happened to him he felt like anything was possible at this point.
But realistically, there wasn’t anything he could do about it. He had more pressing issues like getting ready to see his friends later, and so he made sure to look both ways this time before crossing the road and letting himself into Hoseok’s apartment.
***
Summer came into full force, a thick, sticky heat settling down upon Seoul. The year was shaping up to be a strange one. By now, Jimin should have been graduating, standing on stage next to Taehyung as they announced their names. Missing his last semester meant he couldn’t graduate until the next year, however, and even the hot weather couldn’t raise his spirits. Even though he was incredibly proud of his best friend, standing in the great hall watching Taehyung accept his diploma in his cap and gown, Jimin couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed. The only thing that made him feel even slightly better was the fact that Taehyung had applied to do a Masters and so him, Jimin and Jeongguk would be able to spend another year living and going to university together.
As a celebration to the end of the educational year (even though three out of their group of five didn’t actually do any studying), the boys were going to see the gig that Jimin had asked Namjoon to get them tickets to. They gathered in Hoseok’s apartment, deciding to head over to the venue together rather than meeting there.
“What time are we heading off?” Jeongguk asked, sprawled across Namjoon’s sofa. They had arrived a little over half an hour ago and the younger was clearly starting to get a bit restless.
“Whenever Yoongi-hyung gets here. He’s running a bit late.” Namjoon replied, flicking on the TV. “Oh, I also invited Jinnie-hyung. If that’s alright with you guys? He said he’d meet us there because he’s at work right now.”
“Cool.” Taehyung shrugged, throwing himself onto the sofa next to Jeongguk and plopping his legs onto the younger’s lap. “I didn’t realise you guys were speaking so much. If Seokjin-hyung wasn’t so cute I would have thrown up at your little nickname for him. Luckily he’s smoking hot so I’ll allow it.”
“I can’t believe you were oblivious all that time to Seokjin-hyung coming onto you.” Jimin sighed from where he was sitting on the floor in front of the sofa.
Namjoon scoffed. “I wasn’t oblivious. I was playing it cool. You wouldn’t understand, you’re too young.”
“You’re literally only a year older than me.”
Namjoon’s phone buzzed and the elder ignored Jimin’s comeback. He grinned as he opened the message on his phone. “Yoongi-hyung’s outside. I’ll just let him in and introduce him to you all.”
Jumping up off the sofa, Namjoon made his way to the front door to let Yoongi in. As he walked into the hallway, Jimin had a good view of this so-called Yoongi. He wore all black, topped with a very expensive looking leather jacket, with a black cap atop his tousled hair and a mask covering the majority of his face. An outfit that he had seen countless times before. Conformation to Jimin that it was the same guy from the grocery store, from the lake, from the time he was almost hit by a car. More importantly, it was the exact outfit, minus the mask and hat, that Grim Reaper Yoongi had worn. Honestly, Jimin knew he was being ridiculous to think that this could be the same guy he met in the afterlife but it was too much of a coincidence for it not to be him.
Yoongi didn’t notice the crowd of boys sitting in the living room as he made his way in, so after giving Namjoon a bro-hug he pulled off his mask and took off his cap, flinging them on the coat hooks by the door. Jimin felt the wind knocked out of him. There were no doubts now.
“I knew it was you!” Jimin shrieked, launching himself off the sofa to point a finger at Yoongi. The elder spun around to face Jimin and looked like he was about to collapse, panic evident in his eyes. It was  the Yoongi, Grim Reaper Yoongi, the one who had saved him more times than he should have.
Coughing, Yoongi turned to Namjoon, his voice about four octaves higher than normal. “Joon, I didn’t realise your friends were coming today too.”
“Did I not tell you? It must have slipped my mind.” Namjoon replied, looking at Jimin with a confused expression after his sudden outburst. Jimin managed to school his expression, and after a few moments Namjoon turned back to Yoongi. “Hyung, this is Jimin. You seem to be acquainted already? Behind him are Jeongguk, Taehyung and Hoseok. My friend Seokjin-hyung will be joining us later.”
“Yeah,  friend .” Jimin could hear Jeongguk snort from behind him. The younger turned to Jimin. “Hyung, looks like it was Yoongi-ssi that saved your ass in the grocery store. You can actually say thank you to him in person now.”
“Uh, yeah. Thank you, Yoongi-ssi. For saving my ass.”
Yoongi seemed to understand the hidden meaning and he ran his hand through his hair awkwardly, turning away from the younger to face Namjoon instead. “So, uh, shall we make our way to the gig then?”
***
They decided to walk to the venue, as the summer evening was beginning to cool and it was only a twenty-minute journey by foot. It was an awkward walk. The rest of the boys seemed to be oblivious at the tension that hung in the air between Jimin and Yoongi. Deciding that now was probably the best time to talk to the elder rather than in a loud music venue, Jimin hung back and let his friends pass him so he could walk alone with Yoongi.
“Care to explain why you’re here?” Jimin asked calmly, as if he was just asking Yoongi for the time. He couldn’t show that it bothered him.
Yoongi rolled his eyes. “Why do you think that I’m here? You keep almost dying. I can’t have you coming back to me because I’ll lose my job so I came back to keep an eye on you. Good thing I did really, because you’ve nearly died more times that I can count on both hands.”
“And why have you stayed hidden from me until now?”
“Because I’m not supposed to be here. I didn’t plan to be here as long I have been. You just won’t quit almost dying.” Yoongi sighed. The elder peeked at the other boys to check they weren’t listening, and when he was sure that they were caught up in their own conversations he continued.
“The Grim Reaper has the ability to come back to the living world because back centuries ago, we used to act as guardian angels too. If we saw trouble brewing, a situation where death could be avoided, we would try and intercept it by coming back to the real world undercover.
“Sometime in the 1900’s the Board of the Afterlife decided that it was unethical to change the course of someone’s life. It was causing problems in the Earth’s timeline because people weren’t dying when they should have been. So while we still have the ability to come back, it’s illegal for us to do so. My ass will be flamed and served on a plate if anyone finds out I’m here.”
They carried on in silence for a few moments, Jimin trying to process all the information that was given to him. Yoongi seemed to understand this, keeping up pace with Jimin but making no effort to say anything else. The other boys had long gone, probably at the venue by now, but there were more pressing issues for the two that lagged behind.
“Why did you make friends with Namjoon-hyung if you knew you had to go back anyway?” Jimin finally asked.
“I may be dead but I’m still a person, you know.” Yoongi replied sadly, his eyes cast down at his feet. “Couldn’t help myself. We made small talk at the store and it turned out we had a lot in common.”
Jimin wasn’t really sure how to respond. He felt bad for his elder, as the realisation dawned on him that it was probably pretty lonely being the Grim Reaper. Instead, they finished the rest of the walk in silence until they reached the venue, the rest of their friends hanging outside waiting for them.
“There you are!” Namjoon shouted, putting his hands on Yoongi and Jimin’s backs and guiding them into the venue. “We thought you’d gotten lost along the way. Better hurry, they’re going to be starting any minute now.”
***
Namjoon was right when he said that the gig wasn’t really Jimin’s type of music. Sure, he could appreciate the speed of the rap and the intensity of it all, but it was just a little too harsh for him. He didn’t mind a good girl group every once in a while. Plus, he had bodies pressed up against every part of his body, the slick of other people’s sweat sliding against his bare arms, and he quickly realised that the gig scene in general just wasn’t for him. He was almost certain he’d have bruises forming in the morning from the people moshing around him. Maybe he should have worn more than a tank top.
The rapper on stage was someone that Jimin had never heard of, but Namjoon had absolutely chewed his ear off about the weeks before the gig over how much he loved them. Swings was his name, a hefty guy that Jimin definitely would not want to get on the wrong side of. His songs were full of English words that Jimin didn’t quite understand but knew probably weren’t the most pleasant. When Swings announced he would be doing Bulldozer next, the crowd went insane and it took all of Jimin’s might not to topple over from the jostle of the crowd.
Glancing over at Yoongi, Jimin could plainly see that the elder was having a much different experience of the gig. He was staring at the stage intently, almost analysing every move the rapper made and every word that tumbled out of his mouth. His head moved in time with the music, lost in the rhythm, and there was a slight smirk spread on his face. It hit Jimin that Yoongi probably had enjoyed going to gigs before his death, and that he hadn’t been able to go to one for a really long time. At points he was even belting out the lyrics along with the crowd, his small smirk turned into a full on gummy grin. Jimin wondered how long he’d been dead for, considering he knew the lyrics to all the songs. Maybe he had just learnt them since he had come back.
Once Swings had wrapped up Bulldozer, he pulled his snapback off and wiped his forehead with the back of his arm. “Alright, I’m fucking wrecked at this point. We’re going to have a quick break and then I’m going to bounce back with Fallin’. Might even have a special guest too.” He punctuated his last sentence with a wink before throwing his cap out to the crowd and bounding off the stage. After a few moments the crowd started to dissipate, going to the bathroom or to the bar for a few drinks, and Jimin was grateful for the air to stop being so thick.
“What do you think of him?” Namjoon asked his friends, sporting the most sickeningly cheesy smile.
“Not really my style, honestly. I’m more of an Ed Sheeran kind of guy.” Seokjin shrugged, and Namjoon put his hand on his heart in mock horror before the elder continued, “But watching you throw your arms and legs about like a windmill in some sort of poor attempt of dancing more than makes up for it.”
Namjoon’s face flushed tomato red and Seokjin cackled. Jimin had always liked Seokjin but at that moment he realised that he wanted to keep the elder around for a long time. Taking the piss out of Namjoon  was a favourite past time of his, after all.
“Man, I’ve missed Swings so much. I’ve never seen so much pure fire from one stage.” Yoongi grinned, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
“What do you mean you missed Swings? He never went anywhere.” Namjoon stated, and as if on instinct Yoongi’s eyes flew to look at Jimin in a way as if to say  help me out here, man. Why he thought Jimin could help was puzzling to the younger, as they were still playing the façade that Jimin had only properly met Yoongi that night.
“Uh, yeah, I just didn’t have time to listen to him for a while.” Yoongi replied after a few moments, realising that he was on his own for this.
“Oh really? How come?” Namjoon asked, seemingly interested in finding out Yoongi’s backstory.
“Just, life, you know? Little bit of this, little bit of that.” Yoongi mumbled, looking at Jimin with wide eyes. The younger just shook his head slightly, signalling that the elder really wasn’t doing a very good job at covering up. Thankfully, Swings made his way back onto stage, looking suitably less sweaty and gross, and the subject was dropped.
“Who’s ready to turn this fucking place up?”
***
After the gig was over and Jimin’s eardrums thoroughly shot out, the boys were much too buzzed to go home. They decided on going for some late night food and maybe a few drinks. Nothing too hard core; while the elders of the group were still young, they insisted that they were past the point of getting blind drunk in a club, and besides, Seokjin had an early shift the next day. Stumbling through the streets in search of somewhere cheap and still open even though it was the early hours of the morning by this point, they came across a small Korean barbeque place and decided to eat in there. They squished themselves round a table that was far too small for them all, and Jimin found himself sandwiched between Jeongguk and Taehyung, with Yoongi directly opposite. Unlike the gig, Jimin actually enjoyed being squished up between all his friends.
The meat came out relatively fast and Yoongi and Seokjin took the reins when it came to cooking it, the rest of them pouring each other a drink. Jimin could practically feel a new vibe coming off Yoongi that he had never felt before. The elder had always seemed closed off when they had met in the afterlife, cold and uninterested, and Jimin had assumed that Yoongi was just kind of a rude guy. But in this setting, surrounded by food and alcohol and Jimin’s friends, Yoongi could barely contain the smile that spread over his face. He slotted into their little friendship group like a missing piece, filling a hole they didn’t even realise was there. The younger couldn’t keep his eyes off the elder’s gummy smile, reaching up to his eyes, his black hair swept back into his cap so that Jimin could fully see the legitimate happiness in them.
“Fuck, marry, kill, G-Dragon, Ailee, Hani. Go.” Hoseok blurted tipsily through a mouthful of meat.
“Have to kill G-Dragon, otherwise it’s kinda gay.” Namjoon shrugged, cramming more meat that Jimin thought physically possible into his mouth.
“Dude, you’re dating a man.” Yoongi responded incredulously, eyebrows so raised it was surprising they didn’t merge with his hairline. He pushed the meat around his plate with his chopsticks. “You’ve already got the ‘kinda gay’ thing down already.”
“I’d fuck G-Dragon.” Jeongguk piped up, grinning. “Wait no, I’d marry him. Actually never mind, first answer. Ah, I can’t decide.”
Taehyung barked out a laugh before patting Jeongguk’s shoulder from behind Jimin. “It’s okay, buddy. Take your time.”
“I think I’d fuck Hani, marry Ailee and kill G-Dragon.” Seokjin announced, and if looks could kill, Jeongguk’s would have instantly seen Seokjin off. Namjoon’s wasn’t much better, although Seokjin seemed to clock this. “Don’t worry, love. Hani is no match for the great Kim Namjoon.”
The rest of the boys groaned in disgust at the mushy display, but Jimin couldn’t stop a cheerful grin from covering his face as his friends’ antics. He caught eyes with Yoongi across the table, who’s face softened slightly when he saw the bright beam on the younger’s face, and his heart melted. Okay, why did Jimin feel anything towards Yoongi? Last time he checked he barely knew the guy. Sure, he seemed like an okay guy when he wasn’t trying to get Jimin to go to heaven but the whole situation was too surreal for him to be having weird swooping feelings in his belly.
The group bantered for the next few hours, clearing the table completely of all the food and alcohol, and while Jimin wasn’t  drunk per say he was pretty buzzed and he couldn’t wipe his stupid grin off his face. As it neared three a.m. the boys decided to call it a night, Seokjin grumbling about the fact he needed to be awake in four hours for his shift, and they all went to go their separate ways.
“Hey Yoongi-hyung.” Namjoon slurred as they made their way out of the restaurant, the alcohol clear in his voice. “Which way are you heading back?”
“I live near Jimin’s, so I’ll walk back with him and the other two kids.” Yoongi replied, his voice sounding a bit fuzzy too. Jimin wasn’t sure if Yoongi sounded weird because the elder was drunk or because the younger was drunk and everything was distorted. He was more inclined to go with the former. Then again, he hadn’t really seen Yoongi eat or drink anything all evening.
That seemed to be an acceptable answer for the group, and for a few moments all that hung in the air was the sound of each other’s goodbyes. But Jimin could see Taehyung’s drunk mind ticking, always a sharp one even if he was a bit slower under the influence, and the shorter of the pair could pinpoint the exact moment when Taehyung’s mind clicked and his eyes narrowed.
“How do you know where we live? We only met you today.” Taehyung asked, his voice laced with suspicion. Speaking of which, even Jimin was a little confused as to how he knew. But stranger things had happened and he was just a little too tipsy to care.
Now he was more comfortable with the boys, his white lies seemed to just roll off the tongue with ease. “Jimin mentioned it earlier to me, in the gig.”
Taehyung still looked slightly suspicious but he let it slide, giving a small wave to his elders before grabbing onto Jeongguk’s arm with a screech of “Race you back to the apartment!” This left Jimin and Yoongi to walk back just the two of them. Even though it was only a ten-minute walk, the idea seemed daunting with a man he had met in such complicated circumstances.
“Tonight was fun.” Jimin coughed, trying to break the awkward silence around them as they walked the deserted streets of Seoul. “We should all do it again some time.”
Yoongi sighed and Jimin’s heart plummeted, knowing he had said the wrong thing. The elder looked at Jimin sadly. “You know I shouldn’t be here. My cover is blown, Jimin. I have to go back.”
“Your cover isn’t blown.” Jimin scoffed, looking away from Yoongi’s intense gaze. “It’s only me that knows. I’m sure as hell not going to tell anyone, am I.”
“Jimin, listen, I’ve really outstayed my welcome here and I have to-“
“Stop, hyung.” Jimin mumbled quietly. While he didn’t really know the elder very well, he knew that he had fit in far too well in their rag-tag group for him to go back, leave without a trace. “Please stay. Even if it’s just for a little while. I know I don’t know you very well but this whole thing is too weird for you to just go back now.”
Yoongi’s eyes faltered and Jimin could see the elder’s resolve slowly crumble away. He had a nervous habit, Jimin had noticed, of chewing on his top lip when he was conflicted. The elder was having a good old gnash at it so he was clearly having a pretty big inner turmoil. “Fine. Okay.” Yoongi muttered after a few moments, slowing down his pace. “I’ll stay. But if there’s even the slightest sign of me getting caught, I’m out of here. Alright?”
Jimin giggled brightly and Yoongi couldn’t stop a small smile from slipping out. Silence fell over them again but this time it wasn’t awkward, wasn’t tense, just full of unasked questions waiting to spill from the younger’s mouth.
“How are you getting away with not doing your job as Grim Reaper?” Jimin asked after a while.
“It’s like a job in the living world, I guess. If I can find someone to cover it, then I don’t have to work it. My friend Taemin agreed to cover my shifts for me as long as I need, because he’s pretty broke at the moment. Feel bad for working him to the ground but I’m also apparently a very selfish man.” Yoongi ended his statement with a bitter laugh.
Jimin frowned. “You’re not selfish, you just have normal human feelings.” Yoongi shrugged, and Jimin continued, “Anyway, I thought you were the only Grim Reaper?”
“No, there’s a bunch of us. We aren’t like Santa, we can’t be in multiple places at once.” Yoongi chuckled, “It’s just we usually get assigned to certain people, which is why you always pop up in my books. That’s why if I cancel your death, no one else comes to get you. Because you’re  my client.”
“Oh. So do you know who’s going to be your client before they’ve even died?”
“We work on a weekly rota. So yes, I know a week before. But I don’t know anything about them, only a name and a time.” Yoongi explained. They were coming up to Jimin’s apartment, the streets completely silent.
“Well, here’s my stop. Where are you headed off, hyung?” Jimin asked politely.
Yoongi shuffled on his feet, looking a little awkward. “There’s a 24 hour Starbucks not far from here. I’ll probably grab a coffee and then go to my shift at the grocery store.”
“What do you mean? Why aren’t you going home to rest?”
“I’m dead, Jimin.” Yoongi deadpanned, “I don’t need to eat, or sleep, or sustain myself. I don’t need to shower because my body doesn’t produce anything, no sweat or oils. If I eat or drink anything it makes me super sick because my body rejects it. No point paying for a hotel or an apartment when I don’t need any of its facilities.”
“Come stay at mine.” Jimin blurted before he had a chance to stop himself. He wasn’t really sure what prompted him to say it, seeing as he didn’t even really know Yoongi that well. But Jimin wasn’t a weak man and what’s said was said and so he held himself up boldly. “You may as well have some human interaction while you’re here. No point wandering on your own.”
“You really don’t need to do this.”
“But I want to.” Jimin sighed, placing his hand on Yoongi’s elbow gently. “If you’re going to stay with us, then at least let me help you be comfortable. It’s not like you’re going to cost us anything if you don’t eat or shower. If the other guys ask, you can just say you have a problem with the water in your house or something.”
The resolve that Yoongi had spent the last few moments rushing to build back up crumbled back down again, and he nodded slowly, not saying a word. Jimin beamed at that and tightened his grip on Yoongi’s elbow, dragging him into his apartment with him. They were some floors up the high rise building and so Jimin directed the elder to the elevator. Yoongi nervously shifed his weight between legs, and the hand that Jimin had yet to let go from Yoongi’s elbows squeezed in an attempt of comforting the elder. It was weird, seeing Yoongi nervous, as he always had an air of indifference about him. In fact, if it wasn’t for his shaking leg, Jimin would have assumed he didn’t care about this either, because his face was completely expressionless. They continued in silence as they left the elevator and made their way down the hall, and Yoongi only spoke up when Jimin let them into the dark apartment.
“I’ll take the couch, I guess?” He asked lazily.
“Don’t be silly. You’re the guest, I’ll take the couch.” Jimin insisted, toeing off his shoes by the door.
Yoongi chuckled quietly. “I don’t sleep, remember? I’ll take the couch and watch TV or something. I’ll put the volume low, don’t worry.”
“Oh right.” Jimin giggled nervously, before rubbing the back of his neck. He was definitely sobering up enough to feel the awkwardness. Maybe bringing Yoongi back here was a bit of a stupid idea. “We don’t have a TV. But I’ll give you my laptop and you can watch stuff on there. The living room is down the hall, first on your right.”
Yoongi pattered down the hall and into the living room and Jimin went to his bedroom to grab his laptop. Counting to ten, Jimin took a few deep breaths, still feeling a little spacey from the alcohol but also maybe a little from the awkwardness.  It’s only as awkward as you let it be, Taehyung had once told Jimin after he got rejected by his crush one time. It was a fleeting comment after Jimin had whined about how he could never face the boy again, but it was something he tried to remember in situations like these. Not that this was a situation he’d really experienced before.
Shuffling back out of his room, Jimin made his way to the living room and gently placed the laptop on Yoongi’s lap, the elder seemingly daydreaming. The laptop seemed to break whatever daze he was in and Yoongi shook his head slightly, looking up to Jimin and smiling softly, his eyes glazed.
Yes, Jimin was going to need to stop feeling like a teenager again whenever he saw Yoongi. He was just handsome. Jimin was old enough now to keep his hormones in check.
“I’m going to go to bed now, hyung.” Jimin whispered, “Feel free to do whatever on my laptop. Except, maybe don’t look at my browsing history.”
This earned a rumbling laugh from Yoongi and Jimin felt himself relax slightly. Yeah, he could do this. He could make friends with the Grim Reaper. This was a piece of cake. No problem.
“Sure. Only if you don’t look at mine once I’m done.” Yoongi said with a wink and okay, never mind, it was a big problem. Jimin choked on his own spit and Yoongi just laughed harder. “Night kid. I’ll try not to nut on your keyboard.”
With that, Jimin made the most unattractive squeak before running faster than humanly possible to his bedroom, hopefully to fall asleep and never wake up again.

***

Jimin woke the next morning to the sun peeping through the small crack in his curtains, the light warm against his skin. Birds sang from the trees outside and while it the summer heat was stifling, Jimin’s small room fan blew a pleasant breeze over him and it was the perfect way to wake up.
A loud buzz came from Jimin’s phone, disturbing the most peaceful morning he’d had in a long time.

From: Taehyung


bro, i think there’s a burglar in the house. gonna go check it out, sneak up on him. stay in ur room, i got this >_> 

Jimin flung himself out of bed so fast he fell into a heap at the foot of it. Knowing Taehyung, he had probably grabbed the most preposterous household object to protect himself with and Jimin needed to get out there to stop him before he hit poor Yoongi to the floor.
Hurtling towards the living room, Jimin’s assumptions were proved correct when he found Taehyung creeping towards the heap that was Yoongi lounging on the sofa, blissfully unaware of the lanky boy that was skulking towards him. In his hand, Taehyung was holding an egg, and Jimin had to stifle a laugh at the thought of Taehyung trying to stop a burglar by smashing an egg over their head.
“Kim Taehyung, what the hell do you think you’re doing? That’s Yoongi-hyung, you moron.” Jimin sighed just as Taehyung was about to swing his egg, and the two boys in front of him snapped to face him. Yoongi’s eyes narrowed as he looked Taehyung up and down. “Where the hell did you come from? You sneaked up on me, jeez.”
“That was kind of the point.” Taehyung shrugged, throwing the egg between his hands. “Thought you were a robber.”
“A robber that just decided to make themselves at home on your couch and do absolutely nothing?” Yoongi asked incredulously, and Jimin really wished he brought his phone from his room with him because the look of embarrassment on Taehyung’s face was priceless, definitely picture worthy. Yoongi, on the other hand, didn’t seem bothered at all, and pushed himself off the sofa with a groan. He passed the laptop on his lap to Jimin with a nod. “Thanks for the laptop. You’ll be pleased to know that I didn’t look at anything saucy on it. You, on the other hand, have quite a colourful video choice. Didn’t know you were such a dark horse.”
Yoongi winked before making his way to the bathroom, and it was Jimin’s turn for his face to turn scarlet with embarrassment. “Hey, I told you not to look!” This just earned a chuckle from the elder, before he pushed open the door to the bathroom. Jimin looked at him in confusion. “I thought you didn’t shower?”
The elder’s eyes widened before gently nodding his head in Taehyung’s direction. Jimin had completely forgotten the boy was in the room.
“Yoongi is on a new body cleansing routine.” Jimin explained unconvincingly to Taehyung, who just raised his eyebrows. Well, this was apparently the story he was going with now. “Yeah, he doesn’t use a shower. He, uh, rubs lemons all over him instead. Apparently this kills off bacteria? And smells alright too.”
Jimin could practically feel the groan that Yoongi was holding back with his god awful lie. Taehyung shook his head in horror.
“That’s disgusting, hyung. Good luck with that.” He muttered, before making his way to the kitchen to make himself breakfast. Jimin walked over to the bathroom so he could talk to Yoongi quietly.
“Nice one, Chim.” Yoongi snorted, and Jimin felt weird at the nickname. Were they close enough for nicknames yet? They’d only actually had a proper, non-death related conversation for the first time the night before.
“I panicked! You didn’t exactly rush in to help.” Jimin huffed, “Besides, my original statement still stands. Why are you going to the bathroom?”
“I might not need to shower but my hair still takes effort to look this good.” Yoongi shrugged, and then a small smirk spread across his face. “Anyway, I still want to wash my hands after touching my dick, even if I don’t need to.”
“You said you didn’t watch anything on my laptop!” Jimin cried out in horror.
“I didn’t. My imagination did enough of the work.” Yoongi winked, that wink that always made the younger weak at the knees, and Jimin was honestly quite surprised he didn’t pass out there and then.
“Tae was right, you’re nasty.” Jimin spluttered, and he left Yoongi to wash his sinful hands with a chuckle in favour of bugging his other friends in the kitchen.
When Jimin walked into the kitchen he found that Jeongguk had woken up, and was now shovelling cereal into his mouth with his eyes closed, still half asleep. “You good, Kook-ah?” Jimin chuckled as he went to pour himself a bowl of cereal. Jeongguk just grunted in response and Jimin assumed that probably meant he was good. Evidently, Jeongguk was not much of a morning person.
“What’s Yoongi-hyung doing here?” Taehyung asked from where he was frying something pretty weird looking in a pan. Jimin had learnt not to ask at this point.
“Water cut out back in his place. Told him he could stay here until it’s all fixed.” Jimin replied with a shrug, not looking at Taehyung because he was a terrible liar and his friend could always sniff it out. Luckily, Taehyung was more concerned with his breakfast concoction than Jimin, so he just nodded his head with a small “ah”.
Jimin went to go make himself a bowl of his own cereal (which had now, thankfully, been restocked by Taehyung after the cereal incident), and as he sat down next to Jeongguk by the table, Yoongi made his way into the room. His hair was now styled in a tousled but on purpose kind of way, coming over his eyes slightly. He also seemed to have helped himself to one of Jimin’s oversized sweatshirts, looking uncharacteristically soft with his messy hair and sweater paws. Jimin raised an eyebrow. “I didn’t realise my wardrobe was like a library, where you can take stuff out as you please.”
“Oh, sorry, I didn’t think you’d mind. I didn’t have any spare clothes with me.” Yoongi apologized quickly, his eyes going wide, and Jimin was starting to wonder whether the early hours were when the elder was at his softest.
“I was only kidding.” Jimin chuckled, before pushing his hair off his forehead, “Although how you could wear a thick sweater in this weather is beyond me. It’s boiling, feel like I’ve had a shower with the amount of sweat on me.”
“Sexy.” Yoongi drawled, before barking out a laugh.
Taehyung plated up his little breakfast thing, which had honestly started to stink up the kitchen a treat, before waving the plate at Yoongi. “You want some, hyung?”
“I think I’ll pass.” Yoongi deadpanned, looking at Taehyung as if he had just offered him a rat on a plate. “So, what’s on the itinerary for today?”
“Tae-hyung woke me up at ass o’clock in the morning so it better be something good.” Jeongguk grumbled, slurping the milk right from the bowl. “If it was up to me I’d still be in bed nursing a hangover.”
“That sounds like a you problem.” Taehyung shrugged, and Jeongguk lobbed his spoon across the kitchen, smacking Taehyung square in the forehead. As he rubbed his now marked skin, he continued, “We’re going to celebrate the end of the semester.”
“I thought that’s why we went out last night?” Yoongi asked.
“Hyung, that was my last semester  ever  as an undergraduate.” Taehyung huffed, as if it was obvious and everything was now explained. When Yoongi just looked at him with confusion, Taehyung huffed again, louder this time. “It deserves more than just  one night  of celebration.”
“Oh god.” Jimin mumbled, shuffling over to Yoongi. “Lesson number one. Taehyung’s celebrations are something that will haunt you for the rest of your life.”
“Lucky I’m dead then, right?”
***
“Well, you weren’t wrong when you said this would haunt me.”
Somehow, Taehyung had managed to get all his friends together for his celebration. Jimin was starting to doubt whether Hoseok even worked at his job because he always seemed to be free at the drop of a hat. The younger thought he probably would rather be working right now, if his face was anything to go by. Namjoon would use any excuse to get out of writing the piles of essays he needed to do for his Masters but even he looked like he’d rather be drowning in a pile of books than witnessing what he had to witness. Seokjin was the only one looking like he was anywhere near enjoying, although Jimin suspected that it was more a polite face than a genuine one.
You see, Taehyung had suggested that they all got together around lunchtime and had drinks and partied the day away. “I can’t do this once I start my Masters, guys.” Taehyung had reasoned, “I’ll have to be a proper grown up then. I need to get it out of my system now, you know?”
“But I’m doing my Masters now. Does that mean I’m not invited?” Namjoon had teased.
“You have to be dad for the night and look after us.” Taehyung had stated.
“Ooh, dad. I like it. Shall I call you daddy?” Seokjin purred, a teasing lilt to his voice, and the rest of the boys could have quite happily died on the spot. Even Namjoon flushed, making Seokjin hoot out laugh.
So they had all agreed to meet at the small student apartment at midday. Hoseok had work the next morning so he declined the offers of a drink, instead snacking on whatever he could raid from the kitchen cupboards. Namjoon also declined a drink, as he had a deadline to meet for university and he really needed to finish up later that night. The rest of the boys accepted a drink but as it was a midweek afternoon they took it slow.
Except for Taehyung. And that’s how Yoongi found out how traumatising a Taehyung celebration could be.
Taehyung was a lightweight, you see. The excitement of graduating had led him to unsafe drinking habits, downing shots of whatever spirit he could find, and while the rest of the boys were a little buzzed he was downright  trashed.  He had shed all of his clothes at some point, shamelessly in his underwear as he felt  “too constricted and hot”  in his clothes no matter how much the rest of the boys pleaded. After that he clambered onto the coffee table in the cramped living room, belting out an English song he definitely didn’t know the lyrics to and banging one of their pans with a wooden spoon. It was something else, a semi-naked man banging a pot out of rhythm to a song that was pure gibberish.
“I’m sorry you’ve had to experience this.” Jimin groaned, burying his head in his hands. Seokjin was trying to be encouraging to the boy on the table but Jimin could see that the elder was putting all his effort into not letting his eyes wander to something he didn’t want to look at. Too nice for his own good.
Yoongi chuckled. “It’s fine. You wanna head out of here, get some fresh air?”
“Tae will be upset if we leave.”
Rolling his eyes, Yoongi gestured over to the man shaking his junk on the coffee table. “I don’t think he’ll notice. C’mon, it’ll just be for a couple of minutes anyway.”
And so, Jimin let himself be led out of the apartment by the elder and into the stifling hot streets of Seoul. The promise of fresh air was swiftly diminished, the humidity almost unbearable. Still, it was better than seeing Taehyung wave his little man around, even if it was thinly covered by his boxers.
“He’s an odd one, your friend Taehyung.” Yoongi quirked a brow, leaning back on the apartment building and fanning himself with his hand.
“He’s quirky, not odd.” Jimin said haughtily, “Everyone has something weird about them. He has a heart of gold and he’s a good friend. You’re literally a walking corpse, I don’t think I’d be so quick to judge if I were you.”
“Ouch. Touché.” Yoongi replied, but he was smirking. “I like you, Park Jimin. When I first met you I thought you were so timid and innocent. I can see now that you’re a bit of a brat.”
“Shut up!” Jimin gasped, pushing Yoongi gently before dissolving into giggles.
“Make me.” Yoongi smirked lazily, one eyebrow raised. A challenge.
The air was really thick around Jimin and he was pretty sure it wasn’t the humidity anymore. “Hyung, that’s the kind of flirt you use on a third date. We aren’t even dating.”
Yoongi barked out a laugh, “Well, we better hurry up and sort out our first one, then.”
Jimin wasn’t sure how much he was joking.



Chapter End Notes
come talk to me on twitter | tumblr


Pedwar
Chapter Notes
thank you so much for 100 kudos!! means the world <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





After about a week of Yoongi staying with them, Taehyung was the first to raise the question.


“So, when is Yoongi-hyung’s water getting fixed? He’s been here a while now. Not that I mind, but it must suck for him.”


Jimin panicked. He probably should have thought about the fact that his friends would question why Yoongi never actually went back to his apartment. But for once, Jimin was on his toes and he managed to school his expression into a calm and nonchalant one.


“He was having problems with his landlord. Wanted to give him a massive bill for fixing the water even though it was his landlord’s fault. Think he cancelled his tenancy agreement so I told him he could just stay with us until he finds somewhere new. He’s a bit tight on cash right now so it might be a while. Sorry, Tae.”


“Why are you sorry? I think he’s great!” Taehyung smiled brightly, “If we had an extra room I’d ask him to move in anyway.”


Sighing with relief, Jimin was glad that Yoongi had integrated so well. The last thing he needed was his friends not getting along with him or asking too many questions. The past week had been probably one of the best that Jimin had experienced all year. Sure, that wasn’t exactly a hard task to achieve, considering he’d spent most of the year either in hospital or in his apartment resting, but he really had enjoyed it a lot. The Yoongi that had integrated himself quite smoothly into Jimin’s circle of friends was a lot different to the Yoongi of the afterlife.


Jimin first came to realise this after they had gone back inside during Taehyung’s little celebration. As the elder had predicted, Taehyung hadn’t noticed they were gone, but had instead passed out on the sofa. Someone had draped a blanket over him and everyone was grabbing their stuff to leave. Jeongguk raised an eyebrow as Yoongi and Jimin walked back in but said nothing, choosing to pick up all of the empty bottles that scattered the coffee table instead.


“We’re going to head off now.” Namjoon patted Jimin on the back with one hand, his other gripped firmly around Seokjin’s waist. “Tell Taehyung thanks for a good time.”


“You know I’m not good at lying, hyung.” Jimin laughed, “Go, have fun, we’ll clean up here.”


“

We?

 I’m pretty sure I’ve done all the cleaning here.” Jimin could hear Jeongguk wail from the kitchen. The elder pointedly ignored it and turned his attention back to the boys in front of him. “Remember, use protection.”


There was nothing in the world Jimin enjoyed more than seeing Namjoon get all hot and flustered. Apparently, it was Seokjin’s favourite thing too, and the elder decided to chime in as well. “Don’t worry, what I’ve got planned tonight I won’t even need to touch him in that way to get him squirming.”


It was very clearly a joke but Namjoon almost heaved he was so flustered, his arms flapping everywhere. “I have an essay to write and I absolutely cannot hand it in with semen on it.” Namjoon squeaked awkwardly and Seokjin looked like he was about to collapse he laughed so hard.


“I like Jin-hyung a lot.” Jimin chuckled as he went to hold the front door open for his friends to leave, “Please keep him around for a long time.”


“I intend to.” Namjoon whispered shyly, and it was Seokjin’s turn to get all flustered. The elder planted a quick peck on to Namjoon’s cheek before Jimin fake gagged and slammed the door behind them.


Hoseok said his goodbyes shortly after, as he’d been helping Jeongguk clean up in the kitchen. He squeezed Jimin in a tight hug before pulling him back and putting his hands on the younger’s shoulders. “I heard you tell Seokjin and Namjoon to use protection. But after seeing the googly eyes you make at Yoongi, I think you should take a bit of your own advice.”


And with that, Hoseok made his speedy exit, Jimin opening and closing his mouth like a goldfish trying to think of a comeback. Honestly though, was Hoseok lying? I mean, surely Jimin couldn’t have any sort of a crush on the elder, as he’d only known him properly around a week? Before that all they’d ever done was argued. But he was so 

cute

.


The evening rolled round and Taehyung and Jeongguk decided to go out for a late fast food session, wanting to line their stomachs after having a drink, leaving Yoongi and Jimin in the apartment by themselves. The younger was pretty tired, feeling a lot better than he did at the beginning of the year, yet still didn’t have a lot of energy. When Yoongi had asked Jimin what his plans were for the evening and the younger just shrugged in response, the elder threw himself on the sofa and patted the seat next to him.


“Grab the blanket and some snacks for yourself. We’re going to have a movie night.” Yoongi stated and, well, it looked like Jimin’s plans were made.


So the younger did what he was told, draping a blanket over both of their legs and putting a bowl of popcorn between them, until he remembered that Yoongi didn’t eat. Placing the bowl into his own lap to avoid further embarrassment, he scooted up closer to Yoongi so that they were both under the blanket. There was no heat coming off Yoongi whatsoever and so it kind of felt like being pressed up to a massive doll. Jimin snuggled himself down so that he practically melted into the fabric of the sofa, while Yoongi flicked through Netflix.


“Horror film?” Yoongi asked lazily, already on the horror section of Netflix. Jimin had never been very good with horror films, a bit of a scaredy-cat, but he didn’t want to look like a wuss in front of the elder so he nodded his head and tried to look as nonchalant as possible. “Okay. Make sure it’s extra spooky.”


Yoongi chuckled softly before pointing to some American film on the screen of the laptop that was placed on the coffee table in front of them. “This is supposed to be pretty gory. It’s in English but it’s subbed. What do you think?”


Actually, Jimin thought, a subbed film was probably better. Maybe he would be too distracted by reading the subtitles to notice all the horror going on around it. So he nodded again and pulled the blanket up just a little closer to his chin.


It was probably about ten minutes into the film that Jimin realised he had made a very grave mistake. Instead of being distracted by the subtitles, he was distracted 

from 

the subtitles with all the blood and guts spurting out around it. Seriously, the film was barely past the title screen and Jimin was already needing a new pair of underwear. Without even realising, the younger had pressed himself as close as he could to Yoongi in fear, needing the comfort of another person to calm him down.


When Yoongi felt a weight press into him, he looked to his side to find a very cute and wide eyed Jimin holding onto his t-shirt for his life. Quirking a brow, he shifted so that Jimin fit snugly under his armpit and snaked his arm around the back of the younger’s shoulders. “Not much of a horror fan, I take it.” Yoongi mumbled into Jimin’s hair, soft blonde strands tickling his nose. “You should have said.”


“What makes you think that? I just wanted to make sure all my body was under the blanket.” Jimin fibbed with a huff.


“Sure thing.” Yoongi muttered sarcastically, but a sharp jab to the side make him clamp his mouth shut and hold back a giggle.


After around the half hour mark the poor boy looked truly tortured, his eyes wide on the screen as if he didn’t have the option to look away. Yoongi thought that he’d probably had enough fun by this point and so turned off the movie and found a subbed version of Mean Girls to put on instead.


“Hey, I was enjoying that!” Jimin whined unconvincingly.


“I fancied watching Mean Girls instead.” Yoongi shrugged, a much better liar than Jimin as he could think of a million and one things he’d rather be doing, like scooping out his eyeballs with a spoon or chewing on glass. But the look of relief that spread across the younger’s face was more than worth it.


As the film droned on, Yoongi felt the weight on his side get heavier and more slack. When he looked down he found the younger passed out, gentle snores escaping his slightly parted lips. Yoongi dared to run a hand through Jimin’s hair gently, wondering when he became so fond of the boy. Skinship wasn’t really something that Yoongi partook in often, but he just couldn’t say no to the boy that had practically melted into his side. He wriggled about to get himself more comfortable, letting Jimin’s head fall into his lap, and prepared himself for a night of watching dramas and trying not to think too much about the cute boy snoring on top of him.


***


After a while, it was just accepted that Yoongi had moved in with the boys.


“Why isn’t he looking for a new place? He can’t sleep on your couch forever.” Seokjin had tutted at Jimin one day. The rest of the boys had gone to see another gig and Seokjin’s relationship with the clumsy boy had far passed the point where he felt the need to subject himself to music he didn’t particularly like. So instead, he found himself round Jimin’s apartment, as he also didn’t really want to be pressed up against sweaty bodies all night listening to music that quite frankly scared him a little.


“Taehyung said the same thing.” Jimin sighed. This was a dangerous conversation. He couldn’t tell Seokjin that Yoongi didn’t sleep, after all. “He loves having Yoongi-hyung round, but it’s not fair for him to sit on the piece of shit couch we have. Maybe I’ll ask him to share with me. Until he can get his own place or whatever.”


“And would you be comfortable sharing a bed with him?”


“Sure, why wouldn’t I be?” Jimin asked.


Seokjin rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “Because it’s intimate, no? I just don’t want either of you to be sending mixed messages to each other. Most people don’t ask their friends if they want to move into their bed.”


“Have you never shared a bed with a friend before?” Jimin scoffed, “It’s only short term, it’s not like I’m asking him to move in with me permanently.”


“But that’s the thing, Jimin-ah. I don’t think he’s got any intention of leaving.”


And how could Jimin argue that Yoongi had every intention of leaving at some point? Because to tell Seokjin that, he would have to admit to it to himself.


Seokjin seemed to sense Jimin’s mood shift and so dropped the topic, mumbling something about the younger never cooking decent food for himself and opening the fridge as if he owned the place. But Jimin didn’t mind, because Seokjin opening the fridge meant that they were going to have something really tasty for dinner.


It was just past midnight when his roommates returned back to the apartment. Seokjin had excused himself half an hour earlier, promising to pick up the boys from the gig as they were going to have a few drinks and couldn’t drive themselves home. Jimin had wrapped himself in a blanket burrito on the couch once he had left, scrolling through Twitter lazily on his phone, and that’s where Yoongi had found him as he burst through the door clumsily. Taehyung and Jeongguk could barely stand straight, arms hooked around each other to keep themselves upright, but they seemed to understand they were drunk and sent themselves straight to their rooms. Yoongi, on the other hand, did not seem to have such awareness.


“Hey, it’s my favourite kid!” Yoongi slurred, throwing himself onto the sofa and rolling his head onto Jimin’s lap.


“What the fuck? Have you been 

drinking?” 

Jimin hissed, sitting rigidly.


“Namjoon bought me a few shots and I couldn’t say no.” Yoongi giggled before heaving slightly. Whatever came up he seemed to choke down and honestly if Yoongi wasn’t sick, Jimin probably would be at the sight of that.


“I thought you couldn’t drink!”


“I fucking can’t!” Yoongi was in hysterics, his whole body shaking with laughter. How much had he had to drink? “I’ll probably be sick a lot later. It’ll be like Mount Vesuvius.”


“You’re an idiot, you know that?” Jimin huffed, lifting the boy off his lap and hauling him to his feet. “Come on, let’s get you to bed.”


“I don’t have a bed, this couch is my bed.” Yoongi retorted, pointing a shaky finger at the beat up piece of furniture, “I don’t even sleep so we may as well stay up and drink some more.”


“You have had enough to drink, hyung.” Jimin said firmly, hooking an arm around Yoongi’s shoulders and guiding him to his room, “I know you don’t sleep but I’d like to have you where I can keep an eye on you. You’ll do something stupid in this state.”


“Like telling you how cute you are.” Yoongi giggled again, throwing himself onto Jimin’s bed. He was fully clothed and a little sweaty but that didn’t stop him from swaddling himself in the younger’s duvet. “Sometimes you’re really sexy though. How do you do that? Like one minute you’re a little puppy and I want to cuddle you up and the next you’re a sex god and I want to slam you against the wall.”


“Hyung, I really think you should stop talking.” Jimin pleaded thinly.


“You were so cute all those times you came to visit me in the afterlife.” Yoongi sighed, still chortling to himself, “All pinchy cheeked and bright eyed. Couldn’t let that go to waste.”


Jimin just sat on the end of his bed, realising that nothing he said at this point would shut Yoongi up. He would just have to sit it out as the elder continued his ramble. “Your nose. Man, if I wasn’t already sure I was bisexual your nose would make me question it. Did Michelangelo carve that himself? So perfect.”


“Holy shit.” Jimin mumbled quietly, feeling everything from his neck up flush a deep red.


“And your 

thighs! 

You could crack my skull with those. Man, am I going to regret saying all this when I sober up.”


“You really are.”


“But drunk minds speak sober thoughts.” Yoongi said sombrely, looking at the ceiling, “Honestly, I have a major crush on you. Like, I don’t love you or anything because I barely know you but from the moment I saw you that first time in heaven I was like, man, I need to take that cutie on a date.”


“Can you maybe shut up for two minutes?” Jimin giggled awkwardly, giving Yoongi’s shoulder a gentle shove. The elder couldn’t stop cackling but mimed zipping up his lips, before his eyes went wide as saucers and he hurled himself out the bed at an impressive speed for someone so intoxicated. “Where are you going?” Jimin asked.


“Gonna barf.” Came Yoongi’s slurred drawl before the bathroom door slammed shut and the wet slosh of liquid hitting the toilet resonated throughout the apartment. Jimin decided to leave him too it. It wasn’t like he could choke on his vomit and die, anyway.


For the next few hours, Jimin tried to get a wink of sleep, but his head was reeling. So Yoongi had pretty much confirmed that he was attracted to the younger. Jimin wasn’t really sure what to do with that information other than to brew in it and probably overthink it for the next month. Sighing, Jimin let himself fall in and out of sleep, waiting for Yoongi to finish bringing up everything he drank that night.


It was around six in the morning when Yoongi slowly shuffled out of the bathroom, hours after he had come home. Jimin hoped that he hadn’t been vomiting for that long and was just there out of precaution, because the bathroom was going to reek if he had.  The elder wiped his mouth on the back of his hand ungracefully before climbing into bed next to Jimin and pulling the cover over his head. Jimin opened his eyes lazily at the feeling of the bed dipping beside him.


“How are you feeling, hyung?” Jimin grumbled sleepily.


“Rough.” Yoongi groaned, pulling the duvet close to his face, “I really wish I wasn’t already dead because death sounds like the best idea right now. Imagine a hangover but ten times worse because you’ve literally poisoned your body.”


“That sucks and all but it’s six in the morning so now I know you’re not spewing all over my bathroom tiles I’m going to get some shut eye. See you in the morning.” Jimin stated, before rolling over so his back faced Yoongi and letting himself fall asleep, trying to ignore all of the events of that night.


But oh, how Jimin wished life was that simple. Because no more than an hour later there was the loud bang of pots and pans piercing Jimin’s ears and for a moment the short boy awoke thinking it was the end of the world it was so loud. Unfortunately, life wasn’t as kind as to put him out of his misery. When he came to his senses he realised it was probably the rest of the house starting their day. Jeongguk could never sleep properly after drinking and would always be the one to wake up early and, well, Jeongguk liked to make it known when he was awake. He had probably already banged Taehyung’s door down to wake him up and there was no chance of either of them tip-toeing around the house so that Jimin could get a restful sleep. So with a groan, Jimin pulled himself out of the bed, noting that the other side was empty already, and dragged himself to the kitchen.


Things were off. Jimin could tell as soon as his big toe entered the threshold. Taehyung glanced at him quickly before plating up what looked like a normal breakfast of bacon and eggs. Taehyung 

never

 wanted to constrict himself to a normal breakfast because he said life was too short to be that boring, but Jimin shrugged it off, assuming he was probably hungover. However, Jimin couldn’t shrug off Jeongguk’s weird behaviour as he bound into the kitchen, all bright eyes and smiles until he made eye contact with Taehyung and quickly bowed his head.


“What’s up with you two?” Jimin asked slowly, feeling like he was watching a game of tennis looking between his two friends.


Taehyung coughed awkwardly, “We, uh, heard about last night. What Yoongi-hyung said to you.”


“Okay, this isn’t the reaction of two people that heard juicy gossip about their friends. We’ve known each other a long time, Tae, I can read you like a book.”


“So, what are you going to do about this Yoongi-hyung situation?” Taehyung deflected.


“Nothing, because he was drunk. Now stop trying to change the subject!”


“He touched my wang last night, okay?” Jeongguk blurted, his face turning a spectacular shade of scarlet. Taehyung just groaned loudly before slamming his head onto the dining table, his breakfast long forgotten.


Jimin choked on his own spit, his eyebrows practically disappearing into his hairline. “What the fuck?”


“You could say I…touched the Jungcock” Taehyung muttered, lifting his head off the table. He looked almost impressed at himself for the joke until he realised that he had admitted to their drunken adventure the night before. Taehyung, a supposed heterosexual, touched the penis of his best friend, another supposed heterosexual. He backtracked quickly. “It was just a bit of drunken messing around. We’re not, like, boyfriends now or anything.”


“God, no!” Jeongguk shrieked in disgust, “We were just bored and happened to be in the same room and somehow we touched dicks. Not really sure how it came about.”


“Is there anyone in this friendship group that isn’t gay as hell? What kind of cliché fanfiction turn of events is this?” Jimin sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. Taehyung chuckled, “Maybe we’ve discovered that we like a sausage dinner more than we thought but I’m still gonna play with a cat whenever I get the chance, you feel? Also I’m pretty sure I caught Hobi-hyung swapping spit with some girl in the gig last night.”


Jimin fake gagged before spinning on his heel. “I’m going to go speak to Yoongi-hyung. Never talk to me about vagina again. You two, stop being awkward with each other and touch dicks again or something.”


“Enough about us.” Jeongguk mumbled from behind him, making Jimin stop in the doorway with his back still to them. “Hyung really did tell us about last night when we woke up this morning. I know it’s not really a big deal but he’s crushing on you big time. Maybe you should take him on a date or something.”


“Look at my little Gukkie, all grown up.” Jimin giggled nervously, turning round to pinch the younger’s cheeks. Jeongguk squirmed with a pout, making himself look even younger. “I barely know the guy. How could he be crushing on me already?”


“Hey, I didn’t say he was in love with you, I just said he wants to take you on a date. You don’t need to know someone super well for that.”


Well, Jimin couldn’t argue that point. Instead, he made his way out of the kitchen with a nod and shuffled into the living room to find Yoongi on his laptop, watching a playlist of Twice music videos. He took a deep breath. Should he really ask the elder on a date?


“Can you believe that so many groups have debuted since I died? I have so much to catch up on.” Yoongi remarked, seeming to sense Jimin’s presence in the room. It was now or never.


“Didn’t pin you down as a mainstream music fan. Always saw you as a hip-hop kind of guy.” Jimin shrugged, sitting next to Yoongi on the sofa. “You should listen to TT. That’s a really catchy one.”


Yoongi quickly scrolled through the playlist to find the song and put it on. “I’m into hip-hop mainly, but no one can resist a pop song. My guilty pleasure.”


“Listen, about last night-“


“Jimin-ah, I’m sorry if I made you feel uncomfortable last night.” Yoongi said lowly, reaching out his hand to place it on Jimin’s thigh but seemingly changing his mind at the last minute. “I just had a bit too much to drink and lost my filter. I don’t want to make things awkward between us.”


“I wasn’t uncomfortable, just shocked.” Jimin replied truthfully, “Did you mean what you said?”


“Wow, you’re really putting me on the spot here.” Yoongi chuckled awkwardly, pausing the video on his screen. “Yeah, I guess I did. It’s no secret you’re a good looking guy. How could I not be interested?”


Jimin flushed, but managed to keep his voice steady, even though his mind was screaming at him to 

stop stop stop

. “Then we should go on a date, right?”


“

Excuse me?

”


“Please don’t make me say it again, I think I burst a blood vessel stressing over saying that the first time.” Jimin groaned, his eyes bright, “What do you say?”


“I say, what took you so long? Of course we should go on a date.”


***


Stumped. If there was one word to describe what Jimin was, stumped would be it. You see, the thing about asking someone on a date is that you actually have to take them somewhere. And Jimin had no idea where that somewhere should be.


“Why did I let Tae and Kook convince me to do this.” Jimin had groaned down the phone at Namjoon, assuming that he was probably the best to help seeing as he was the only one of his friendship group in a relationship. “What was your first date with Jin-hyung?”



“He loves to cook.”

 Namjoon had replied fondly from the other end,

 “I texted him first, obviously, but I was too nervous to ask him out. Then one day, out of nowhere, he said to me that we were going to have a date and to go to his for seven that evening. I didn’t really have a choice but I wasn’t about to complain. Made an amazing soup, won my heart there and then.”



“That’s great for you but I can’t cook anything that isn’t plain rice and steamed vegetables. Hardly going to woo him over.” Plus Yoongi couldn’t eat, but Namjoon didn’t need to know that.



“That’s true. Plus, you don’t really want to make a fool of yourself if it goes wrong or you drop one of the bowls, you know?”

 Namjoon had replied wistfully.


“Did you drop your bowl on your first date, hyung?”



“Maybe.”



Jimin had huffed down the phone, throwing himself on his bed. “I need something cool. Nothing too strenuous but nothing too boring either like a meal or a drink. I want to make a good impression.”



“Is that Jiminie on the phone?” 

Jimin could hear a muffled voice in the distance on the other end, before the sound of the phone fumbling between hands.



“What seems to be the problem?” 

Seokjin’s voice had asked softly from the other end, 

“I heard Joonie attempt to give you advice. But no worries, someone of real help is here now.”



“I need a date idea for Yoongi-hyung.”



“What were his ideas?”

 Seokjin had replied.


Jimin had barked out an incredulous laugh. “I can’t ask him for ideas! I was the one to ask him on the date so I’m the one who has to come up with an idea.”


Jimin could hear Seokjin tutting. 

“You’re overthinking this. Listen up, here’s what you do.”



***


So that was how, no more than two days later, Yoongi and Jimin found themselves sitting on a suffocatingly hot bus, with Yoongi having no idea where they were going. Once they started to leave the familiar streets of Seoul and into more quiet, empty streets, that caught Yoongi’s interest.


“You trying to kidnap me?” Yoongi chuckled, and Jimin giggled so sweetly that the elder had to turn his head away to to stop himself from internally combusting. They sat the ride in pleasant chatter, a silly joke made between them every so often that got Jimin laughing so hard his body turned into a ragdoll’s, flinging himself around. When the bus arrived at the station, Jimin nervously slipped his hands into Yoongi’s and dragged him over to another bus.


“We’re getting on another one?” Yoongi asked, “Okay, I was joking earlier, but are you actually trying to kidnap me? It’s always the innocent looking ones, I should have known.”


Jimin shushed him. “It’ll be worth it, I promise. It’s been Jin-hyung approved and everything.”


“It must be something special, then.”


This journey was sat in a more comfortable silence. At one point Jimin nodded off and his head drooped onto Yoongi’s shoulder, his face even more soft and sweet than Yoongi thought was possible. Yoongi would have snapped a picture if it was any other time, but he thought a first date setting would probably make it a little creepy.


The sun was painted pink as they arrived to their final stop. As soon as the bus door swung open the smell of salt wafted through the isle of the bus and it hit Yoongi with a wave of nostalgia of when he would go on family holidays to the coast.


“Wake up, Jimin. I think we’re here.”


Jimin shifted, cracking his eyes open and rubbing the sleep out of them. Yoongi peered out of the window to see if he could work out where he was, but he didn’t recognise anything. Jimin waved a hand, gesturing Yoongi to exit the bus first, and the younger latched onto his shoulders and trailed out behind him.


“Surprise, hyung! We’re at Chaeseokgang Cliffs. We’re going to watch the sunset and then stargaze. I brought snacks. More for me than for you seen as you can’t eat but still!” Jimin squealed excitedly, his eyes bright, and he pointed to his backpack. Snatching Yoongi’s hand much more confidently this time, he started to bounce towards the trail to the cliff. “Come on! The sun is already setting and I want a good view!”


Yoongi just let himself be led, slightly speechless at the date choice. It wasn’t as though he was a big astronomy geek, far from it. If you had asked him what star he was looking at, the best answer you would get from him would be “the one that’s on fire.” And even then, that wasn’t strictly true.


But Seokjin had suggested the date, and if anyone was good at reading people, it was him.


***


“You take him up to Chaeseokgang Cliffs. Take up a little picnic with you, I’ll make some stuff. I think he’d love to watch the stars, up on the cliffs, where there’s no light pollution. He once told me that his favourite memory of home was when him and his brother would sit out in their garden and watch the stars for hours. I don’t know why he never goes home but he seems to hold many fond memories of it.”


Of course, Jimin could guess why he never went home. He felt guilty for never thinking about it before. How could someone who had already seen their goodbyes announce themselves back to their family? Yoongi had never told him how long it had been since he had died. If it had been months, years, decades? Were his family still around for him to go home to anymore?


It was a risky date, in a way. It could make Yoongi sad, more than anything, miserable about the fact he could never go home. Or, it could be the best night he’s ever had, something nostalgic that he can look back on with joy. Jimin thought it was worth the risk just to see the boy truly happy.


They arrived at the top of the cliff as the sun was starting to say its goodbye, the sky now a kaleidoscope of oranges, pinks and purples. Jimin grabbed a blanket and laid it close to the edge of the cliff. “Please move it back a bit.” Yoongi grumbled in panic, “Your track record of dying in stupid ways suggests you probably shouldn’t be that close to a cliff edge.”


Jimin did as he was told, shuffling back a bit so that it was still close to the cliff edge but not close enough to fall off. He threw himself onto it and patted the space next to him for Yoongi to join, and the elder wasted no time getting himself comfy into the side of Jimin. Once again they fell into silence, but this time it was in awe. With the bright streetlight of Seoul neither of them had seen a sunset so clear and pure in a long time, the colours in the sky so vibrant. Not a word was spoken between them until the sun had finally disappeared, leaving a night sky scattered with twinkling stars that they’d never had the chance to see in Seoul. Jimin shivered, the temperature chilling now that the sun was gone.


“I’d tell you to scoot up closer so we could share heat, but I’m not a lot of help.” The elder grinned, placing his ice-cold hand on the back of Jimin’s neck to prove his point. The younger squealed and batted his hand away, before grabbing a hoodie from his bag to slip on. Jimin had clearly thought his plan out thoroughly.


“That sunset was beautiful.” Jimin breathed out once he had put the hoodie on, a twinkle in his eyes. “I could look at these stars forever.”


“My brother and I used to love watching the stars.” Yoongi sighed, a ghost of a smile on his face, “We didn’t know shit about them, though. Usually we’d see if we could make our own constellations and come up with names for them.”


“Jin-hyung told me that you used to like them. Can’t take all the credit for this date.” Jimin said shyly, cautiously reaching a hand out to put on top of Yoongi’s which rested between them. Yoongi didn’t seem to mind, although the sensation of heatless skin beneath Jimin’s was something he’d need to get used to.


“I miss him so much.” Yoongi’s voice cracked, his eyes glinting with a hint of tears, but he kept his smile firmly on his face. “He would love to watch this. We had a pretty good view back in Daegu but nothing as good as this.”


“So that’s where you’re from, huh? Daegu?”


“Yeah. Hadn’t stepped foot in Seoul before I met you.” Yoongi explained, “I like it though. Daegu may have had beautiful stars but there’s so many more opportunities in Seoul. I think if I was still alive I’d have tried to pursue a music career here.”


“You want to be an idol?” Jimin sat upright, looking at Yoongi with a puzzled expression.


“Hell no.” Yoongi chortled, looking back at Jimin fondly. It was almost silent around them, only the sound of a gentle breeze and the soft chirrup of insects. “I’m more into producing. Behind the scenes stuff, mainly hip-hop.”


“You’ll have to show me some of the stuff you’ve made.”


Yoongi sighed sadly. “I never got the chance to actually make anything in the real world. I was only a teen when I died. I did it all in the afterlife.” Yoongi blinked slightly aggressively, trying not to let any tears slip, before huffing out a sombre laugh. “Even if I did, it would have been on my old laptop. The damn thing probably doesn’t even work anymore. It was a piece of shit even at the time, I dread to think how outdated it is now.”


“How long ago was it? You know, before you left.”


“You mean died? You can just say it as it is.” Yoongi chuckled again, a little more bitter this time. It wasn’t aimed at Jimin though, and his eyes softened when he saw the look of surprise on the younger’s face. “Around eight years ago, now. I was sixteen.”


“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.” Jimin whispered reassuringly, giving Yoongi’s hand a gentle squeeze. The elder nodded slightly, before squeezing back.


“I want to talk about it, it’s okay. I’m ready.” Yoongi replied determinedly. There was a pause before he continued. “It was a stupid accident, really. Not quite as stupid as yours have been but it was pretty close.”


Jimin nodded, his eyes fixed firmly on Yoongi to show that he was listening. Yoongi carried on, “I was still in high school. I used to be pretty introverted and shy, and I don’t know why but some of the boys I went to school with didn’t like that.  They used to bully me a lot for it and back then I didn’t have the thick skin that I have now. I really took it to heart, even though being shy really isn’t a big deal.


“Anyway, so they would always call me boring and weird. Like I said, not a big deal I guess, but they repeated it so much I started to believe that I 

was 

those things and that it was no wonder they bullied me. Of course, hindsight is a wonderful thing and I realise now that I didn’t do anything wrong. But at the time, I was too shy to put myself out there and make friends so I just assumed I had no friends because I was too boring, too weird.


“We had a fire exit in our school that led to this flat roof area. Below it was a courtyard with picnic benches on it. One day, one of the bullies said to me that if I jumped off the roof and landed onto one of the tables below I’d be the coolest guy in the school. I just really wanted them to think highly of me.”


Yoongi’s voice broke slightly and he rubbed at his eyes furiously. Jimin squeezed his hand again before whispering, “You don’t have to carry on.”


But Yoongi just waved him off, sniffing. “I went up onto the roof, lined myself up with the nearest table, and I jumped. I thought, how hard could it be to land? I’d be a 

legend

 if I landed it, and they’d stop bullying me and I’d have friends. Only it wasn’t easy to land, I miscalculated it and fell on the concrete nowhere near the table. I think I was pronounced dead as soon as the paramedics found me.”


“Yoongi-hyung, I’m so sorry.” Jimin apologized sadly, winding an arm around Yoongi’s shoulders and pulling him in for a hug. “I feel bad for asking you about it.”


“Don’t feel bad. I’ve never really talked about my death before. Feels liberating. I just wasn’t ready to go, you know? Had all these big dreams and a family that I loved and it all got taken away from me because I let those people get to my head. Let them make me think I was a waste of space.”


“I hope you realise now that you’re nowhere near a waste of space. You’re a little grumpy at times, yes, but you’re also kind and thoughtful and pretty funny sometimes.” Jimin gushed.


“Only funny sometimes? I’m funny all the time, thank you.”


“Whatever you say.” Jimin teased, “Anyway, at least you’re back now. You can do the things that you didn’t have the chance to do.”


“You seem to forget that this isn’t permanent, Jimin-ah.” Yoongi sighed, his breath surprisingly warm against Jimin’s skin, “I can’t just waltz into my family home and present myself. I have to go back soon.”


“Can we just forget it for tonight?” Jimin asked sadly into Yoongi’s hair, it was a little brittle but smelled so amazing. “Just one night.”


“Yeah. We can forget for tonight.”


The soft breath that tickled Yoongi’s scalp made it obvious how relieved Jimin was in that moment. The younger let out a contented hum and Yoongi could feel it vibrate all over him, making him shiver a little.


“You cold, hyung?”


“I’m dead, remember? Don’t feel heat.” Yoongi reminded him.


“I said we’re forgetting that for tonight.” Jimin said crossly, trying his best to be intimidating but really he just seemed like an angry teddy bear. “Why are you shivering, then?”


“You just make me feel nice.” Yoongi replied softly.


“Kinky.”


“Shut up!” Yoongi would have blushed if he had any blood pumping through him. “I just meant that somehow, in the short time that we’ve known each other, you’ve seemed to understand me so well. This date has been perfect, thank you. I really want you to know how grateful I am.”


“Why don’t you prove it.” Jimin asked boldly. And so Yoongi did just that.


The elder shook himself out of Jimin’s grasp, sitting to face him, before putting a gentle finger under the younger’s chin and tilting his head up. Jimin’s eyes locked firmly onto Yoongi’s, bright and expectant, before fluttering shut and giving Yoongi all the courage that he needed to cautiously bridge the gap between their lips. It was an odd kiss compared to ones Jimin had received before. Yoongi’s were lips completely cold, but they were incredibly soft and there was a hint of citrus from his lip balm. Definitely not unpleasant, and once Jimin had gotten used to the weird feeling of cold lips he soon realised how good a kisser Yoongi was. Sure, they were keeping it in PG territory, no tongues yet, but the languid movement of lips was more than enough to make the hairs on the back of Jimin’s neck stand up.


But then it wasn’t so PG, the tip of Yoongi’s cold tongue on Jimin’s bottom lip making the younger shudder, and even though the air around them was chilled Jimin could feel his body heating up. Hands ran through hair, traced the outlines of shoulders, circled hipbones, feeling every inch of the other person that they could. When hands travelled a little too far, lips a little too excited, Yoongi pulled himself together and dragged himself away, Jimin’s lips chasing his.


“Alright, eager beaver.” Yoongi smirked, swiping his thumb gently across Jimin’s cheek. “We’ll end up getting arrested for indecent exposure.”


Jimin just huffed in response but couldn’t stop himself from breaking into a cheesy smile, his eyes all scrunched up with glee. This really had ended up being the perfect date.


“Thank you, Jimin-ah. I mean it.”


If only the date could have lasted forever.




Chapter End Notes
almost there lads


Pump
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The date seemed to flick a switch between the both of them because they were suddenly inseparable. Any awkwardness between the two was long gone. Even their friends had started to notice the change, which was rich coming from the kings of public displays of affection.


“Dude, gross, stop that.” Hoseok hissed disgustedly at Yoongi when they had all ended up in a McDonald’s late one Wednesday night. Jimin had been eating his burger rather messily and Yoongi wasted no time in swiping a thumb across the corner of the younger’s mouth and then licking the remnants with a smirk. Hoseok had pushed his tray away from him to prove a point he was too disgusted to eat, but his resolve broke no more than two seconds later and he was back to happily munching on his fries.


“How can I stop being gross when this beauty is sitting opposite me.” Yoongi purred sickly sweet, trying to wind Hoseok up. Jimin blushed and Hoseok blanched.


“You went on one date,” Jeongguk deadpanned. “And now you’re acting like you’re soulmates. You’re already on fifth date territory.”


“Little Jeonggukie.” Jimin hummed, and Jeongguk gulped because that was the tone that meant the elder was going to rip him to pieces, “How would you know anything about fifth date territory when you haven’t been on a date in god knows how long? The last time you got any action was with Taehyung-ah.”


Cue the rest of their friends choking on whatever was in their mouth. Seokjin had to give Namjoon a solid whack on his back to dislodge a gherkin from his throat. “You did 

what?” 

Namjoon spluttered once he had finished coughing up his lungs. Jeongguk and Taehyung both sent the most terrifying death glares to Jimin. He was going to die later but it was worth it.


“It wasn’t really 

us

 that did it,” Taehyung tried to reason. “It was more the alcohol, I would say.”


“Alcohol is never an excuse.” Namjoon tutted, causing everyone else to roll their eyes. While having a dad of the group was great in times of need, he also drove them crazy from nagging. They had become incredibly grateful for Seokjin, who knew just how to shut Namjoon up, and this situation was no exception. Grabbing as many fries as he could fit in his hand, he shoved them into Namjoon’s mouth with an innocent smile and the subject was dropped.


Once they were all suitably stuffed and caught up with each other, they decided to part ways. As soon as the four housemates returned to their apartment, Taehyung and Jeongguk went to their respective bedrooms and Yoongi made his way towards the living room.


“You know, you can stay in my room.” Jimin suggested a little nervously, “Bring the laptop with you. I sleep like a log anyway, you won’t disturb me.”


“You sure this isn’t going too quick?” Yoongi asked, the look of concern on his face making Jimin melt a bit.


“I’m asking if you can sit in bed next to me, not for you to suck my dick.” Jimin huffed, giggling. “I’m sure we can both control ourselves.”


With a shrug, Yoongi grabbed the laptop and made himself at home under Jimin’s covers. He swaddled himself up in the duvet up to his eyes and he looked adorably soft. “I didn’t realise you could feel heat.” Jimin said in surprise.


“Kind of, I guess? Not much, and it’s not like I can die of hypothermia anyway.” Yoongi explained, “It’s more of a comfort thing. Don’t you feel much safer when you’re all snuggled under the duvet?”


Jimin just smiled and nodded, smitten with how innocent Yoongi could come across. In front of others he always had an edge, a cold exterior, something mysterious about him. But around Jimin he was just a grizzly teddy bear, a little grumpy but with a kind heart and mushy feelings. He climbed into bed next to the elder, snatching some of the duvet to roll himself up in before placing a gentle kiss on Yoongi’s cheek. It was the elder’s turn to smile then, muttering a sweet “good night” before knocking off the bedside lamp.


Jimin had the best sleep he’d had for a long time.


*** 


Days turned into weeks, and Jimin had almost completely forgotten that Yoongi was only meant to be here temporarily. He had slotted himself into the younger’s life so easily, made friends with all his friends, and soon enough he had become an official member of the apartment.


“Hey, hyung, I got you a key cut. Seen as you’ve moved in now I thought you’d probably need it.” Taehyung had pressed the silver key into Yoongi’s hand one afternoon, and while he beamed brightly at the younger, there was a flicker of something strange through his eyes. Was it guilt?


There were no questions asked. Yoongi had just placed himself into the apartment and he had fit in so well that they didn’t even expect him to look for anywhere else. Since the first night Jimin had asked him to spend the night in his room, he had stayed there every night, so now that he had a room there really was no need for him to leave.


The pair were falling hard. If you had told Jimin that he would end up falling this hard for Yoongi after the first time he met him in the afterlife, he would have laughed right in your face. If you had told Jimin that he would be baking muffins with the elder, or going for walks next to the pond in the park with the elder, or going on late night fast food runs that always ended in a mini food fight with the elder, he would have thought you were a liar. But here he was, having the time of his life, unimaginable without Yoongi by his side.


Weeks turned into months, and soon enough it was time for Jimin to start back in university. He only had the one semester to finish and so he was starting in January rather than the September prior, but he was worried. With him busy working for the next few months, he didn’t know what Yoongi was going to do with his time. Sure, he worked in the grocery store, but only for a couple of hours every morning and then the rest of the day he and Jimin would hang out together. But Yoongi had promised him that he was happy for Jimin to go to university, that he could finally try his hand at doing some producing work, and Jimin reluctantly left for his first day back feeling a little less guilty.


To say Jimin enjoyed his first day back would be a lie. He didn’t 

not 

enjoy it, nothing bad happened, but he knew he would really have to work hard this semester to get a good grade overall. There was no gently easing him back in. He was hit with assignments and deadlines from the get go, and coming out of his last lecture of the day Jimin felt rather drained. All he wanted to do was go home, curl up onto the sofa with Yoongi and watch a film that didn’t require any brain power. He thought back to all those months ago, to the first time he had met Yoongi, and right at that moment he thought he should have just let the elder cart him off so he didn’t have to do all this work.


But he was out of luck it seemed, as he turned the corner to leave after exiting the lecture hall, he felt a light tap on his shoulder. If this was 

another 

lecturer telling him he had a lot of work to catch up on if he wanted to graduate he was going to scream right in their faces. Swivelling round, Jimin spat out a curt “What?”.


“Ok, so I know the lunch I packed you wasn’t my finest work, but I didn’t think you’d be this pissed about it.”


Yoongi stood with his shoulder resting against the wall, a half smirk playing across his lips. He brushed off Jimin’s sharpness with ease, knowing the boy well enough to understand that he wasn’t annoyed with the elder.


“Sorry, it’s been a long day. What are you doing here?”


“Am I not allowed to wait for the most handsome man on the planet to come out of his lectures so that I can walk him home?” Yoongi cooed, his voice sickly sweet.


“Shut up, stop being an ass.” Jimin huffed and gently shoved Yoongi with a giggle, “By the way, you were right about the lunch not being your finest work. The box of noodles had exploded all over my bag before my first lecture even started.”


“Did they taste good, though?” Yoongi asked, swiftly linking his fingers with Jimin’s and tugging him gently to start walking home.


“I don’t know. I thought it would look a bit weird if I was sitting in the canteen eating noodles from my bag.”


“Did you throw them away?” Yoongi sputtered, his eyes wide in fake horror.


“No, I decided to let them ferment in my bag.” Jimin replied sarcastically with an eye roll, “Of course I threw them away.”


“I didn’t know you could be this cold.”


They both chuckled softly, before falling into a comfortable silence. One thing Jimin had noticed from his time spent getting close to Yoongi is that while they tended to fall into silences a lot with each other, it was always the comfortable kind. It was as if they could communicate with each other in so many different ways they didn’t 

need 

to talk. Like when they came across two dogs playing together in the park that they walked through on the way home, and Yoongi just gently nodded his head in their direction knowing that Jimin loved to look at stuff like that. No words needed, just Jimin’s gentle gasp and his beautiful eye smile before carrying on their walk. Yoongi noticed Jimin looking at the pond with a weird look in his eye, remembering that this was the place where he almost drowned. Yoongi gave Jimin’s hand a little squeeze, something they used so often nowadays to show that they were there and it was all okay. Jimin squeezed back to show that he knew and he was thankful, and he peeled his eyes away with a soft smile for the rest of the walk home.


It became routine for Yoongi to meet Jimin after his lectures. The elder never had anything to do in the afternoons and so they would often see where the rest of the day would take them, whether it be a quick shopping trip, or a walk in the park, or bowling and a burger for Jimin. And it was pretty exciting, albeit it kind of scary, how quickly Jimin was falling for Yoongi. 


 ***


  


It was one Friday afternoon, after a long day of university, when Jimin realised he really should see his parents after all the accidents he had been in that year. They were worried sick, and while Jimin hadn’t been in an accident in a long while and he was pretty much healed, he knew it would ease their minds if he went back to Busan to see them. While things with Yoongi were going well, Jimin decided it was too soon for him to introduce him to his parents, and so with a ridiculous amount of apologies and the most heartfelt kiss they ever had, he left Yoongi to his own devices the very next morning. Which was totally fine. No problem.


Except for the fact that the rest of the boys had gone into protective older brother mode. And Jimin wasn’t here for reinforcement.


It started out innocently enough. Yoongi was lazing on the sofa, finishing a drama that he had started watching before he had died, when Jeongguk announced that the rest of their friends would be coming over for a pizza and movie night. Yoongi was a little sad that he wouldn’t have Jimin to use as a giant pillow while they watched a movie but he knew he should probably be social instead of sitting on the sofa all day. He even made an effort to be presentable, changing out of Jimin’s baggy hoodie and his own sweatpants and into a nice pair of jeans and a comfy yet stylish white t-shirt. He was applying the finishing touches to his tousled hair when the doorbell rang and the rest of his friends poured into the apartment.


Yoongi isn’t sure when it all started to go downhill. Everything seemed to be going as normal; the pizza was ordered (“None for me, thanks. I had a big lunch.” Yoongi had said when they asked him what they wanted. “I didn’t see you eat any lunch, hyung.” Jeongguk had replied, looking at him accusingly. “It was when you were in the shower. I’m a quick eater.” Yoongi had shrugged, and it was dropped), and the movie chosen. The blankets were draped across them all and they had somehow managed to mostly squeeze onto the small sofa, and it seemed like the perfect night.


“So, Yoongi.” Seokjin said in a tone that struck fear into every single one of Yoongi’s nerves. Sickly sweet, in a way that could only mean trouble. “Things with you and Jimin-ah are going well, huh?”


“Yes, they’re great.” Yoongi said a little fondly, but he was cautious. “We really get on well.”


“What’s your previous relationship history?” Taehyung blurted, squinting at Yoongi, and Hoseok gave the younger a little slap on the shoulder. “We were meant to be easing him in gently, dummy.” Hoseok hissed.


“I kissed a girl once when I was fifteen behind the big tree in the school field.” Yoongi admitted, “But I don’t know what that has to do with Jimin.”


“We just want to know your intentions.” Namjoon said slowly, “Jimin is a wonderful guy. We only want the best for him and we just want to make sure that you’re right for him.”


“Isn’t that up for Jimin to decide?” Yoongi replied, and it was apparently the wrong thing to say because all six other pairs of eyes were now looking daggers at him.


“Let me explain.” Jeongguk answered calmly, grabbing at Taehyung’s wrist as he looked like he was about to swing. “Jimin-hyung is a very trusting guy. He sees the best in everybody. We like you a lot, but you’re so 

different

 to him. We’re just worried that this maybe isn’t the best idea.”


“Since when were you the adult?” Yoongi sighed, chuckling sadly, “I promise, I care about Jimin more than you could ever imagine. If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t be the person I am today. We may be different but I think that’s why we get along so well, because our personalities complement each other rather than mimic. I don’t know what I’d do without him.”


“You love him.”


All heads swivelled to face Seokjin, who had said that last part so casually Yoongi started to doubt if he had even heard it. “He means a lot to me.” Yoongi replied carefully.


“He means a lot to you because you love him.” Seokjin smiled, “I know what you’re thinking. It hasn’t been long enough to fall in love, he’s too young to know what love is, probably some other shit too. But let me tell you, he’s old enough to love and sometimes you just know that it’s meant to be, even early on. You love him.”


And while Yoongi felt like he’d just been sucker punched in the gut, he realised that maybe Seokjin was chatting some sense.


Maybe he was in love.


And that was a really, truly terrible thing to come to terms with.


***


On Sunday evening, Jimin burst back through the door of the apartment looking rather worn out. He kicked off his shoes by the door, flung his coat haphazardly over the hook and practically lobbed his suitcase into his room before throwing himself on the sofa with a groan.


“Parents weren’t thrilled to see you, I assume?” Taehyung asked, coming in through the doorway.


“It wasn’t that they weren’t happy to see me. They just nagged the life out of me for getting into so many dumb accidents.”


“That’s understandable.” Taehyung replied, coming up behind Jimin and running a soothing hand through his hair. “I’ll make you some hot chocolate and then we can watch a trashy movie, okay?”


“This is why you’re my best friend.” Jimin giggled, draped over the sofa like a slug. “Where’s Yoongi-hyung?”


“He’s probably got his headphones on. I’ll go tell him you’re home.”


Jimin could hear muffled voices through the wall before a bedraggled looking Yoongi shuffled into the living room. “Why do you look so rough?” Jimin asked, concerned.


“Just had a lot to think about. I’m fine, honestly.” Yoongi smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.


“You know you can talk to me about anything, right?” Jimin reminded him.


“I know. Thank you, Jimin-ah.” Yoongi said, a bit brighter this time. He made his way over to the sofa and sat next to Jimin, wrapping an arm round the younger’s shoulder. “But I’m fine. I know what I’m going to do to fix everything.”


Yoongi placed a sweet kiss onto Jimin’s cheek, letting his eyes flick down towards Jimin’s lips briefly and that was all the younger needed before leaning in and pressing a soft kiss onto Yoongi’s lips. Yoongi deepened the kiss, wanting to feel as much as he could, give them both as much as possible to remember. They broke away when there was a cough behind them, an awkward looking Taehyung standing in the doorway with two hot chocolates.


“I’ll leave you guys to it.” He nodded, placing one of the mugs onto the coffee table. “I’ll drink mine in my room. Might convince Jeongguk to play Pokémon with me.”


Jimin giggled softly before sending a nod in gratitude towards Taehyung. His friend just winked in reply before giving a small wave goodbye and skulking off to his room. Once Taehyung was firmly out of earshot, Yoongi grabbed both of Jimin’s hands and looked him right in the eye.


“Jimin-ah, I need to tell you this. It might be a little soon, but I just really have to get it off my chest right now.” Yoongi stuttered, struggling to keep eye contact but forcing himself to keep going. He took a deep breath. “I love you. You are the reason that I stayed, the reason that I’m the happiest I’ve ever been, the reason that I feel alive again. You mean the world to me and I love you. And I need you to remember that, okay? No matter what happens.”


Jimin sat with his mouth agape, silent for a few moments. Yoongi started to think he had fucked up royally but then Jimin’s small hands found their way onto Yoongi’s cheeks and he was being dragged forward into the most loving kiss he had ever had.


“I love you too.” Jimin mumbled into Yoongi’s lips, puffing hot air gently onto his face. “No matter what happens, I will always be by your side.”


They both giggled gently, spending the night curled up into each other and talking about anything and everything, happy to be in each other’s company. Jimin started to feel his eyelids getting heavy a few hours later and while he tried to hide his sleepiness, Yoongi seemed to be completely in tune with him.


“You’re tired.” Yoongi stated, caressing a thumb across Jimin’s cheek. “Go to bed, love.”


“But it’s only ten o’clock.” Jimin mumbled.


“You’ve had a long day. It’s okay, I have some TV shows to catch up on anyway.”


“Okay, if you say so.” Jimin yawned, stretching before hopping off the sofa. “Let’s go to bed, then.”


“Uh, I’m going to stay here for a little while.” Yoongi replied, and if Jimin wasn’t so tired he might have noticed something off. “Just want to give Namjoon a quick phone call. About, uh, a gig that’s coming up. I’ll follow you in a bit.”


Yoongi just hoped that Jimin would forgive him.


***


Jimin had woken up wary when a beautiful day popped its head through the curtains, warm sunlight trickling down onto his skin. His experience of the last year had told him that whenever he woke up to a good morning, bad things happened afterwards. Like some sort of reverse pathetic fallacy. Still, Jimin always tried to be optimistic and so he laid for a few moments just soaking up the sun. And then he stretched out his arms. The bed next to him was empty.


It wasn’t unusual for Yoongi to have left the bed before Jimin woke up. After all, the elder didn’t sleep and so sitting quietly in bed twiddling his thumbs wasn’t exactly the most exciting. He would often wake up early and potter into the living room where Taehyung was usually up bright and early. Something just felt off this morning though. The bed was a little too cold, the sheets a little too made, as if no one had slept there at all. After the events of the night before, Jimin couldn’t help but let a weird sinking feeling wash over him. The calm before the storm, as they say.


After a small pep talk to himself, Jimin eventually managed to convince himself out of bed even though he could have quite happily laid in there for the rest of the day. He pottered into the living room and found it was empty, and so Jimin assumed the elder must have been with his other roommates in the kitchen.


But as he walked into the kitchen, he could only count two other people. Sure, maths wasn’t his strongest subject, but he was pretty sure there was two people in the kitchen when there should have been three. Jeongguk looked unusually perky and awake as he ate his cereal, and for once Taehyung was also eating a somewhat normal breakfast of Cornflakes (although the squirty cream on top was perhaps a touch unconventional).


“Where’s Yoongi-hyung?” Jimin asked sleepily, throwing himself onto one of the chairs by the dining table.


“Wasn’t he with you last night?” Jeongguk replied.


“Nope. I went to bed before him and he said he’d follow but he wasn’t there when I woke up.”


“Weird. Maybe he’s gone for a walk or something.” Taehyung shrugged, and Jimin had a weird feeling bubbling in his chest. Yoongi never just went out without telling Jimin, and while the younger didn’t expect to be informed about everywhere Yoongi went, it was out of character. He couldn’t even text the elder because he didn’t have a phone.


Jeongguk clunked his spoon against the bowl. “Oh, by the way, there’s a letter for you in the living room. It didn’t have an address on it so I think it was posted by hand? Who do you know that would be hand mailing you letters?”


“No idea.” Jimin mumbled, a little confused. He tried to rattle his brain for anyone that would possibly send him a letter but came out blank. Instead of spending the next five minutes trying to guess, he thought it was probably wiser just to go have a look. He went to the living room, seeing a hastily written 

Jimin

 on an envelope on the coffee table and picking it up slowly. The bubbling feeling in his chest was getting worse and his hands were a little shaky as he ripped open the envelope.



To Jimin,




I’m sorry that I didn’t say goodbye. Please look after yourself well.




I love you,




Yoongi.



***


“I’m going to kill him.” Namjoon seethed, scrunching up the note in his grip. “We told him not to mess you around and here he is, leaving without any explanation! I never thought he’d stoop this low.”


“It’s okay, hyung.” Jimin pleaded, trying to calm the elder down. Taehyung had dragged him for an emergency meeting with all of his friends in a very busy and public coffee shop, and Namjoon having a freak out really wasn’t going to help anything.


“He seemed like such a decent guy.” Seokjin sighed sadly, giving Jimin’s shoulder a sympathetic pat, “I’m sorry, Jimin-ah.”


“It really is okay. I shouldn’t have let myself get so attached.”


“Don’t you 

dare

 blame this on yourself Park Jimin.” Hoseok argued sharply, giving Jimin an apologetic hand squeeze for his tone, “He’s the one in the wrong, not you.”


Jimin just blinked, really regretting coming to the once again very 

public

 coffee shop to talk about this. All he wanted to do was cry and scream and shout and sleep and anything else he could do to stop feeling sad.


He knew there was only one thing that could stop him being sad.


It was going to be tough. He knew that his friends were going to be watching his every step at this point, not trusting him. He needed to plan this well, be alone, no interruptions. It was going to be a challenge, but it was one he simply had to take.


***


“What the fuck are you doing?”


Namjoon had apparently just let himself into the apartment, even though Jimin had waited specifically until all of his roommates were out before doing this. The scene that had greeted the elder was a weird one; a full bathtub and Jimin hovering their old toaster over the top, one foot already in the water. A pretty grim scene to have to witness, but Jimin wasn’t really sure how else to go about it. He hadn’t planned what to do in this situation, seeing as he didn’t think it was going to happen.


“I just wanted some toast. In the bath.” Jimin tried to convince Namjoon. He didn’t know why he was bothering, because there was no way he could talk himself out of this one.


Namjoon just stood silently for a few moments, before his face twisted up and he dropped to the floor, a very unattractive sob leaving his lips. “Jimin-ah, I know you miss Yoongi. But this isn’t the answer. Please don’t do this, we’ll help you get through.”


Waves of guilt washed over Jimin. He knew that if he had walked in on a similar situation with one of his friends he would have been traumatised. But he really needed to see Yoongi, maybe smack him in the mouth for disappearing on him, and he knew this was a fool proof way to find him again. Jimin sucked in a breath, trying not to panic.


“Please, hyung. You need to leave now, before you see something you don’t want to see.”


Those few sentences seemed to open up the floodgates, and Namjoon snorted again and clutched at Jimin’s legs, begging into Jimin’s shins as he pressed close against them. There was no way Jimin was going to be able to go through with this while Namjoon was here, and now that he had seen him attempt it the elder was going to watch over Jimin any chance he got. Jimin needed to act fast, get this over with before Namjoon made it impossible for him to do it later.


Suddenly, Jimin felt his legs pulled from under him and he toppled on top of Namjoon, before the elder grabbed onto the younger’s wrists and flipped them over. He pinned Jimin to the floor, the toaster a broken heap next to them as Jimin had dropped it as he fell. Namjoon’s eyes bored into Jimin’s, full to the brim with tears and there was a dribble of snot above his mouth. Hopefully Seokjin never saw him like this because he would run for the hills, as it was frankly quite a disgusting sight.


“I’m going to call Seokjin now. He’ll be the best to help.” Namjoon said surprisingly calmly, a stark contrast to his messy face.


“Are you sure you want Seokjin-hyung to see you like this? You look ugly.” Jimin commented, but quickly shut up when he realised just how serious Namjoon was being. He had never seen him so upset, so angry, not even in the hospital after all his accidents. Namjoon didn’t even grace Jimin with an answer, rearranging himself so he could hold onto both of Jimin’s wrists with one hand and call Seokjin with the other.


“No, everything's not okay.” Namjoon barked down the phone after Seokjin had presumably said something. “Please come round to Jimin’s place as soon as you can. He’s not coping, hyung, and I don’t know what to do.”


There were a few more hums and grunts before Namjoon hung up the phone, still pinning down Jimin but this time in complete silence. “Hyung, you’re kind of hurting my wrists a lot.” Jimin piped up after a few excruciatingly long moments.


Namjoon scoffed, leaving no sign of loosening his grip. “If I let go you’re going to do something really dumb, so we are going to sit like this until Seokjin gets here and then we are going to come together and talk about this.”


And that was exactly what they did. Fortunately, it didn’t take Seokjin all that long to turn up, his face red and sweaty and his chest heaving. Jimin felt another pang of guilt at the thought of Seokjin literally sprinting to the apartment to make sure he was okay. Namjoon got off Jimin so that he could stand but didn’t let go of his vice like grip on his wrists until they were sat on the table and Jimin showed no intention of bolting.


“Jimin-ah, I know it’s tough,” Seokjin sympathised. “But you have to let us know when you’re struggling. We’re here to help, and I know plenty of people in work that can help too. especially considering your background.”


Jimin was about ready to rip his hair out. “I have no background! I’m just a dumbass!”


“Please, Jimin, you need to stay calm. Being all riled up won’t help you or anybody else.” Seokjin sighed sadly.


“I’m not doing this because I’m all heartbroken and I feel like this is the only option.” Jimin stressed, “If I told you the real reason, you wouldn’t believe me.”


“Try us.” Namjoon challenged.


“Fine.” Jimin deadpanned, his face blank, “Min Yoongi is actually the Grim Reaper that’s in charge of processing deaths and sending people to the afterlife. I met him after my few near death experiences and it’s because of him that I ever came back to life. He’s gone back there for some reason that’s beyond me and now I need to go back and see him.”


Jimin didn’t think he had ever been in a room so silent. It was so silent that it was deafening, the rest of his senses in overdrive. His two friends just stared at him, dumbfounded, until a few moments later Seokjin snapped. “Do you not understand how 

serious 

this is? How concerned we are? This isn’t the time to be making jokes like that!”


“I told you that you wouldn’t believe me!”


“Because you’re not being serious!” Namjoon snapped and Jimin decided not to argue it any further. What was the point?


Jimin was going to need a new tactic to go about all of this. He needed something quick, something unexpected, so that he could just get it over with without any of his friends being able to stop him. What could he do that didn’t give anyone the opportunity to save him before he got to Yoongi.


“You’re right. I’m being selfish and stupid.” Jimin found himself saying. He had a plan. “I didn’t actually want to do anything that stupid, I think it was just a cry for help, you know? What I need is some closure, to know that Yoongi-hyung isn’t coming back so I can move on.”


Both of his friends seemed to lap his lies up, Seokjin leaning on his hands and looking sympathetically at Jimin. “How do you think you can get closure?”


“There’s somewhere I want to visit.”


***


It’s funny how much a certain smell can bring back so much nostalgia. As Jimin climbed out of Seokjin’s slightly beat up car, far too small for all of their friends to have squished in all the way here, the smell of salt hit him with far too many emotions. He had always related the smell to good things, spending time with the family, hot summer days, his first date with Yoongi. But now it had almost a sadness attached to it, a bitter sweetness, of the good things that were lost. Coming back to Chaeseokgang Cliffs was going to be hard, but it was the only way he was going to see Yoongi again.


“I’d forgotten how pretty it was here.” Seokjin sighed wistfully. Slinging a backpack on his back, the elder waved for all of the friends to follow as he made his way up to the peak of the cliff. Everyone had decided to come with Jimin for this adventure of closure. They had picked the weekend so that the four in university would be free, and Hoseok had rearranged all his appointments to come and support his friend. In all honesty, Jimin didn’t want all his friends to come, making him feel even more guilty, but he couldn’t blame them for wanting to be good friends.


The weather was still a little chilly, nothing like the harsh January but still sharp. Walking up the steep cliff was enough to heat the boys up, and by the time they reached the top most of them were taking off their jackets and tying them round their waists. Looking out over the sea below them, Jimin remembered the fond memories of giggling about the silly names Yoongi came up with for the stars. It was the middle of the day now, no stars to be seen, but the sky was clear and the sun glittered over the sea beautifully. It almost made Jimin not want to go through with this, but he knew he had to.


Jimin waited. He put on a brave face, acted like this was helping. When Seokjin looked over and nodded he nodded back to show that yes, this was giving him closure. When Taehyung hugged him and asked him how he felt he smiled brightly and told him he was a lot better. While he felt immensely guilty, the look on his best friend’s face of pure glee and relief was worth it.


“I still think you should go see someone when we get back. This isn’t going to make everything go away.” Seokjin whispered sadly at one point, just quietly enough for Jimin to hear, “But I’m glad you’re feeling better today.”


“I will, hyung. You have my word.”


Seokjin moved away with a soft smile to go and admire the view with Namjoon. Jimin, meanwhile, was inching closer and closer to the edge of the cliff, as slowly and inconspicuously as possible. No one seemed to notice, too busy chatting amongst them and leaving Jimin to find his peace or whatever. Soon he was right at the edge of the cliff, one step further and he would hit air.


“Hyung, you’re pretty close to that cliff edge. You might want to step back a bit.” Jeongguk called, the first to see the boy on the edge. He thought nothing of it, just worried for the boy’s clumsy reputation. No one other than Namjoon and Seokjin knew about the bath incident, after all. They just thought they were on a day out to brighten up Jimin’s spirits. Seokjin and Namjoon, however, were much sharper, and wasted no time breaking into a sprint to try and pull the boy away from the cliffs edge.


But it was too late.


“I’m sorry, I have to do this.” Jimin apologized, before bending his knees, leaning forwards, and jumping. He could feel the wind tangling his hair, his friends shrieking from the distance, and never had he felt so at peace.


***


“I should have known you’d do this.”


Jimin could feel something cold and hard flat against his back, and when he managed to get his eyes to flutter open he saw that he was at the bottom of the cliffs, lying on the rocks that were on the sea edge. Yoongi was sat on a small pile of rocks to the side of him, looking at his thumbs with a doleful look on his face. The younger forced himself up so that he was sitting, facing Yoongi with defiance.


“You think you could just leave and me not look for you? Without any sort of goodbye?”


Yoongi sniffed, looking away from Jimin, “I had to do it, Jimin-ah. If I had told you I was going you wouldn’t have let me leave.”


“Of course I wouldn’t!” Jimin cried out weakly, his body feeling drained. “Why would I have let you just leave?”


“Because I had to!” Yoongi snapped, “I told you this from the beginning! I’m not meant to be alive, I couldn’t be there forever!”


“So you just thought you’d just tell me you loved me and then walk out, is that it?”


“I had to leave 

because 

I loved you, Jimin. Don’t you get it?” Yoongi asked, finally lifting his head up to meet his eyes with Jimin, “I realised that I was ridiculously, hopelessly in love with you. I couldn’t stay for a while, indulge myself, and then leave later when we’re both even deeper in love. I needed to end it before it got too difficult.”


This seemed to hit a nerve for Jimin, as his shoulders started shaking gently as hot tears trailed down his cheeks. “Why couldn’t you stay? If you stayed that long, why couldn’t you have stayed till the end?” Jimin sobbed.


With Jimin’s tears breaking his heart even more than it already was, Yoongi threw himself over to Jimin and pulled him into a tight embrace, the younger burying his face into the elder’s chest. Yoongi could feel the tears seeping through his already sodden shirt from where he had pulled Jimin out of the water, and every single one felt like another blow to the heart.


“You know I couldn’t stay.” Yoongi breathed into Jimin’s hair, wet and slimy from the seaweed but still beautiful, “I shouldn’t have stayed in the first place. If I had stayed, what stops anyone else from going back and staying? I would have been caught, eventually. Plus, Taemin has been covering my shifts for months, I think he would have died from exhaustion if he wasn’t already dead.”


“What happens if you get caught?”


“You go to Hell. And trust me, that’s not a place you want to be.”


Jimin wiped his snotty face into Yoongi’s shirt, too sad and angry to care about how disgusting it was. “Well, if you can’t come back, then I’ll stay here with you. Do your thing, send me to Heaven.”


“That’s stupid and you know it, babe.” Yoongi sighed, brushing the wet strands of hair out of Jimin’s eyes. “You have a whole life waiting for you back home.”


“But what’s the point if you’re not there?”


“Do you hear how ridiculous you sound right now?” Yoongi chuckled wetly, and no those were definitely not tears in his eyes thank you very much, “You can’t give up your entire life because of a 

boy

! There’s plenty of those out there, but you only have one life to live. Think about all the people you’d be giving up. All your friends, your flatmates, your family.”


“I’d never see them again.”


“Well, that’s not strictly true.” Yoongi wavered, “But it would be a very, very long time, yes. Too long. It’s been eight years already but I still feel broken every time I think about my brother probably doing amazing things in his life and me not being able to see it.”


“Hyung, I’m sorry.” Jimin sobbed again, shaking in Yoongi’s arms, “But I don’t want to leave you, how can I go back knowing you’ll never pick me up from university or watch a trashy film with me?”


“Trust me, Jimin-ah. There will be someone else out there for you do all that with. But you have no choice in the matter anymore, because I am sending you home.”


And with that, Yoongi untangled himself from the weeping boy and took a step back, the tears freely flowing now. Taking a deep breath, Yoongi stuttered, “I love you Jimin. Do good things in your life. Make me proud.”


“No, hyung, please don’t do this, I’ll come right back, don’t think I won’t.” Jimin was hysterical now, his face scarlet, tears dripping onto his own shirt.


“If you do I’ll just keep sending you right back, and I won’t say anything. Don’t waste your time.”


“Just please promise me that you’ll wait for me. That when I come back when I’m old and wrinkly we can pick up where we left off.”


“Asking for a lot there, what if I want a good dicking in the meantime.” Yoongi teased with a wink, even though he himself was still crying, “Of course I’ll wait. There’s no one here that could ever even come close to comparing to you, Jimin.”


“I’m going to miss you so much, hyung.” Jimin said thickly, laying back down to prepare himself for what was coming.


“I’m going to miss you too.” Yoongi choked out, the sobs washing over him. “I’m going to send you off, now. I’ll see you in sixty years. When we’re both old and wrinkly.”


“I’m going to miss you so much.” Jimin wailed through his sobs, as he felt himself tingle. It was time to go back, “I’m going to wait for you, Min Yoongi.”


“Hey! It’s hyung to you!” Yoongi sobbed back with a small smile.


And then darkness.


***


Jimin lays in his bed, crisp white sheets tucked in underneath him, the soft beep of a heart monitor beside him. A doctor fusses with the cables attached to his arms, and he thinks back wistfully to the time when it was Seokjin that was the one looking after him. He hadn’t seen the elder in a very long time, not since him and Namjoon had moved to America to get married and start a family there, but the letters and postcards they sent were lovely all the same. He had long since retired from medicine now, living it up in a Floridian beach house the last Jimin heard with their children and grandchildren living nearby. He smiles softly at the doctor, a pretty young woman named Sooyoung that had been looking after him ever since he’d came to the hospital.


“Your friends are here to see you, ahjussi. Shall I let them in?” She asks softly, plumping the pillow behind his head. She was sure to make his stay as comfortable as possible, seeing as she knew he wouldn’t be staying there much longer.


“Yes please, Sooyoung.”


Taehyung and Jeongguk make their way into the room, a little slower than they used to now that Taehyung’s hip is acting up. They slowly sit themselves into the chairs beside the bed, the same youthfulness in their eyes they had sixty years ago, even though their faces show the lines of many smiles they had during their lives.


“How are you doing, hyung?” Jeongguk asks, his voice a lot huskier these days. Although Jimin supposed that years of being a vocal coach would have that effect, alongside his age.


“Well, thank you.” Jimin smiles, a little weakly but no less pure, “They don’t seem to think that I’ll be here much longer. But that’s okay, because I’m ready to leave.”


His friends just nod, knowing that this was a long time coming. They had been quickly briefed outside about Jimin’s condition, told that Jimin was ready to leave now, and in some ways it was relief to the two men. They didn’t like to see their friend suffer, after all.


“How are the families treating you?” Jimin continues, slightly breathless.


“Great. We had the grandkids round for dinner last night. They definitely keep me on my toes, even in my old age. It’s a shame you never had any kids, hyung, because I think you would have loved the challenge.” Jeongguk chuckles, giving Jimin’s hand a light squeeze. The elder’s grip is lighter than normal, slacker and more clammy. It’s okay, because it was a long time coming.


“I was happy to just be surrounded by friends.” Jimin says brightly, “You don’t need to be married to have a great life.”


“That’s true! Although me and the wonderful wife did go strawberry picking yesterday. Got the juiciest strawberries. I’ll make sure to bring some next time we visit.” Taehyung beams, adjusting Jimin’s sheets so that his little toes stopped peeping out of the end.


“Yeah, make sure to do that.” Jimin replies, but it sounds far off, distant. Jeongguk doesn’t let go of Jimin’s hand and Taehyung goes to grab the other side. It was a long time coming.


“We went to go visit Hobi-hyung this week.” Taehyung continues, playing with Jimin’s fingers.


“How is he?”


“Peaceful. There were lots of flowers left for him. Even after his passing he seems to be on everyone’s minds. Probably because he never shut up when he was alive.” Taehyung chuckles, a little sadly. It had been a year or so since Hoseok had passed, but Jimin couldn’t find it in himself to be sad. Yes, he missed his friend, but he knew what was waiting on the other side.


“That’s good.” Jimin wheezes, and his eyelids start to feel heavy. He knows he should probably fight to keep them open but it’s tough, and he’s tired, physically and mentally.


“Hyung, are you okay?” Jeongguk asks softly, but his voice sounds like it’s coming from a tunnel. It’s time, Jimin can feel it.


“I will be.” Jimin simply replies, feeling both of his hands being squeezed tightly by his friends, and the last thing he sees before his eyes flutter shut is the sad but bright smiles of his best friends, a simple goodbye.



“Hello, Jimin-ah. Welcome to the afterlife. My name is Min Yoongi, and I’ll be taking you to Heaven today.”





Chapter End Notes
well, its been a long journey. I mean I uploaded this pretty quick but the actual writing time was a few months and I can't believe i'm going my separate ways with this fic. I really hope you all enjoyed, and check out my twitter and tumblr to see any updates of any new works I'm upload! please leave comments and kudos if u enjoyed because my narcissistic ass thrives from it haha. thank you for reading till the end <3



Afterword


End Notes
keep up with me and my fics on my twitterthank you for reading <3


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



