



Conference Conundrum - Yuugami - Ni Zhuan Cai Pan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Conference Conundrum
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/2100753.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
逆転裁判 | Gyakuten Saiban | Ace Attorney
Relationship:
Odoroki Housuke/Yuugami Jin | Simon Blackquill/Apollo Justice
Character:
Odoroki Housuke | Apollo Justice, Yuugami Jin | Simon Blackquill, Kidzuki Kokone | Athena Cykes, Naruhodou Ryuuichi | Phoenix Wright
Additional Tags:
Male Bonding, Continuation, Friends to Lovers, Drinking & Talking, past trauma, Scars, Frottage, Oral Sex, Phoenix Wright Kink Meme
Series:
Part 2 of
Hostile Environments
Stats:

        Published: 2014-08-08
          Completed: 2014-08-26
          Chapters: 10/10
        Words: 24443
      

Conference Conundrum
by Yuugami
Summary
After their weekend being locked in the courthouse archive together, Apollo remains on friendly terms with Prosecutor Blackquill. A few months later, circumstances force both of them to attend a jurisprudence conference in Sacramento against their will, and they end up sharing a room, unaware that this will lead to further truths being revealed...
This is a sequel to "Library Lockup," and while you can probably make sense of this story without having read it, there are some references which might escape you. Rated E for one chapter only, everything else is pretty much a T.




Chapter 1



The patrons at a particular downtown branch of Denny’s were rather astonished when two men, who looked as though they had slept in their otherwise well-appointed wardrobe for multiple days, entered the establishment, promptly commandeered a table for two without waiting to be seated, and let the waitress know that they would need two pots of coffee rather than the customary single one per table.
Said two gentlemen were oblivious to the occasional stare thrown their way; they were too busy studying the menu and sipping on their respective second cups of coffee after they had all but inhaled the first.
Apollo could feel his thought processes snap back into gear as the caffeine began coursing through him; unfortunately, it also made him feel the complaints of his empty stomach far more keenly. To distract himself, he gazed across the narrow table surface towards Blackquill, who was still reading over the unfolded list of available dishes.
Now that his brain was beginning to feel like it was approaching something resembling working order, he realized with a hint of embarrassment how their impromptu invasion of the breakfast joint must have looked to the other guests, considering how disheveled they were, and considering that the prosecutor’s bird had only taken off from his shoulder right before he had pushed open the entrance door.

We came storming in here like a couple of barbarians…

Strangely enough, the thought carried a hint of humor – and the realization that his companion seemed completely immune to the stares by the other patrons.

He’s probably used to being stared at wherever he goes, regardless of whether he looks like he slept under a bridge or not.

No wonder, really – for one, there was Blackquill’s notoriety as the ‘Twisted Samurai,’ no matter whether it had been revealed months ago that the basis of this moniker had been nothing but carefully cultivated make-believe. For another, even though the man was perhaps not what the general public would consider conventionally handsome, given his unruly hair, excessive paleness, sharp features and dark tracks on his face, his tall stature and self-possessed bearing certainly commanded attention whenever he entered a room.
Apollo remembered the small, faded photograph of the prosecutor he had seen on Aura Blackquill’s desk during his private investigation of UR-1 and Clay’s murder, somewhat wrinkled and frameless, other than that of Metis Cykes, but still present in spite of what had ostensibly happened. He recalled being surprised at how much a person could change in a somewhat abstract manner upon beholding it back then, but now, the details of this picture floated to the forefront of his mind to superimpose themselves over the features of the man sitting opposite him.
Naturally, the younger Blackquill of seven years ago had possessed a healthier complexion, and had still been unburdened by the stress that had made the discoloration underneath his eyes and on his cheeks appear; furthermore, his hair had still been short and devoid of white. However, the most dramatic changes seemed to simultaneously be the ones which did not immediately catch an observer’s gaze: The corners of Blackquill’s mouth were drawn downward ever so slightly even when his expression was neutral, compared to back then, and his eyes seemed to permanently be slightly narrowed in suspicion.
A twinge of recalled grief flared up inside Apollo when he momentarily contemplated the missed opportunity of talking to Clay about Blackquill to find out what the prosecutor had been like, even though his old friend had probably not known him all that much better.

He’s gone. You know that.

When he had talked to the prosecutor about Clay Terran during his confinement, he had not been as forthcoming as he could have been. While the young astronaut had been his best friend, Apollo had also carried a torch for him in a decidedly different manner for much of his teenage years. Granted, the attraction had been lulled into sleep over the past few years, as their contact had become more sporadic after graduation and the attorney had realized that Clay was clearly not reciprocating his interest, but it remained a factor in the litany of could-have-beens that would now never come to pass. Then again, in all of his conversation with Blackquill about regrets and the unpleasantness of their respective pasts, feelings of this sort had not once surfaced, and would have likely led to the kind of awkwardness one best avoided while being locked into a room with another person with whom one had initially not been on the friendliest of terms.
Apollo was ripped out of his maudlin reverie by their waitress returning and, after an uncertain glance at his companion, asking what they wanted to order.
***
45 minutes later, the defense attorney pushed back his plate with a satisfied sigh. He had probably not managed to do what he had said he wanted to accomplish at the moment of their release and eat a stack of pancakes his own height, but he had polished off a substantial number of them with heaping helpings of butter and syrup. Blackquill had eaten at a slightly more measured pace, and his food had involved more healthy ingredients such as green vegetables, but he had probably negated any positive health benefits by having extra eggs and bacon added to his dish.
They had not really exchanged any meaningful conversation since they had made their exit from the archive, and now that their thoughts were not primarily occupied with their empty stomachs, nor with the necessity to fill and somehow pass empty hours anymore, Apollo found himself at a loss as to what to say.
Finally, he offered with a weak laugh, scratching the back of his neck, “Well… the polite thing to say right now would be, ‘that was fun, let’s do it again sometime,’ but I’d rather not doom us to another weekend of being locked in with each other…”
Blackquill smirked as he lifted his coffee cup to his mouth. “Let the record show that I acknowledge the polite intent, even if the concomitant wish is thoroughly misguided.”
“That works.” Apollo laughed.
The prosecutor took the last sip of his coffee. “We should probably see about making our way to our respective dwellings, seeing that the beginning of our workday is looming, and that I am reasonably certain that neither one of our superiors would be overly impressed if they witnessed our current state.”
Apollo shrugged. “Considering how Mr. Wright has been dressing before he got his badge back, he doesn’t really have any ground to stand on, but I suppose prospective clients might not appreciate their counsel looking like a hobo…”
As they waited for the waitress to go and charge their respective cards, Blackquill raised an eyebrow. “Elaborate.”
“Jeans, hoodie, beanie, beard stubble.” The defense attorney grinned. “At the time, I thought it was kind of embarrassing to work for someone looking like that, especially after watching recordings of him in trials prior to his disbarment where he was still all professional, but these days, I can use it to get back at him here and there…”
The last sentence earned him an incredulous look, causing him to explain, “Not in a mean way or anything – at the agency, we just regularly take potshots at each other. Y’know, friendly banter, that sort of thing. And well, Mr. Wright and his daughter have heaped it on me pretty good from the start, so now, it’s a bit of payback time.”
“I see.” Blackquill’s smirk carried a slight edge. “I suppose this is one way to hone one’s blade for courtroom proceedings. Although I am not certain that I would term most such conversations at the prosecutor’s office ‘friendly,’ we do tend to engage in a similar practice on occasion.”
Yeah, your ‘potshots’ probably come with barbs. Blackquill’s jokes in court had always aimed at trivializing the opinion of the opposite side, and he imagined, given the other prosecutors he knew, that, in their case, it was more a battle of who could have the last word, rather than a good-natured, harmless joke even the ridiculed person could laugh at. Given the other man’s expression, Apollo had a feeling that he knew that they were talking about two entirely different things, as well.
“I assume that Athena participates in these… humorous engagements?”
“Oh yes.” Apollo’s following grin was a bit lopsided. “It’s actually kind of unfair – she’s been really good at dishing out ever since she first came to us, probably because of her hearing. I can’t compete, I’m afraid.”
The prosecutor seemed slightly more at ease after hearing this assessment, and his companion could not help but feel just a tad jealous of his colleague. He’s pretty much still in protector mode when it comes to her.
Sure, Apollo had a small assortment of good friends, and his associates were definitely among them, but this sort of protectiveness… only Clay had ever shown anything like that for him, back when they had been young teenagers, and it had fizzled out after they had graduated and gone their separate ways, even though their friendship had mostly remained intact. Not that it was not natural for this sort of thing to happen, and he certainly could live without going through a situation like that which had happened to Blackquill and Athena in order to benefit from a similar bond, but their mutual protectiveness of each other was still enviable.
The waitress returned with their cards and receipts, wishing them a good day, and the two attorneys rose to leave.
“Well… I gotta go get my bike from the courthouse before I go home, so…”
The prosecutor nodded. “My vehicle is parked there, as well.”
They stepped out of the restaurant and began to walk back towards the imposing building.
Unfortunately, it seemed that Apollo’s spree of unwelcome surprises had not yet found its end. When they approached the bicycle rack at the entranceway to the parking lot, all that was left of his trusty bike was a lone front wheel, still secured by the chain lock; the remainder had been carried off by an enterprising thief sometime during the weekend.
Apollo’s shoulders sagged in defeat. “Great. I guess I better start walking…”
He turned away and had already taken three steps when Blackquill’s voice made him come to a halt. “Justice-dono.”
Looking over his shoulder, he saw the prosecutor standing next to a dark sedan, surprisingly a thoroughly normal-looking car.
I guess not all of them feel the need to compensate for something, huh… The thought almost made him snicker in spite of his horrendous luck. Considering Gavin’s, Chief Prosecutor Edgeworth’s, and even Winston and Gaspen Payne’s respective vehicles, he had half-expected Blackquill to already be in possession of some sleek black sports car; it was actually comforting to know that not all prosecutors lost their sense of proportion when it came to purchasing transportation.
Blackquill jabbed his chin toward the passenger side. “While I do not have a lot of excess time on my hands… the agency offices are a mere fifteen minutes by car from here. Would a ride there be of assistance?”
Apollo’s eyes widened. “I, uh… yeah, that’d be great. Thanks.”
***
When Apollo Justice entered the office of the Wright Anything Agency at ten o’clock sharp, he was wearing fresh clothes and his hair was once again in proper order. As a result, he was a bit taken aback when Athena promptly gave him the side-eye.
“Good mo… what?”
She shrugged. “Nothing, really… I was just wondering why you didn’t answer your phone over the weekend, considering that we kinda-sorta had plans…”
Apollo gulped. He had been supposed to go out for ice cream with Athena and her friends from Themis, ostensibly because Hugh O’Conner had wanted to pick his brain for an upcoming test, although he had a feeling that the students had just wanted to enable Juniper to spend more time with him. His colleague knew by now that he was not interested in her childhood friend in that way, there was not exactly a good way to hide it from her, but apparently, she had not yet found a good way to clue the Themis gang in on that fact, even though Athena had been trying to gently steer Juniper away from her crush in order to spare her the inevitable disappointment.
“I, I actually have a pretty good excuse this time…”
“Excuse for what?”
Mr. Wright had come out of his study to join them, and sent his subordinates a curious gaze.
Apollo took a deep breath. “For not picking up my phone the entire weekend. See, here’s what happened – and if you don’t believe me, I do have a witness for this…”



Chapter 2



Athena and Mr. Wright both seemed skeptical when Apollo had finished his explanation of where – and with whom – he had involuntarily spent his weekend.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that. If you don’t believe me, ask Blackquill about it.”
His junior colleague shook her head. “No, I believe you, all right – that’s a bit too tall of a tale for you to have made it up, and your heart says it’s the truth. Still, if I didn’t know better… I just don’t get that they didn’t even bother to check if anyone was still in there, and that they locked the bathroom…”
Apollo snorted. “Tell me about it. I have a feeling someone is going to amuse himself tonight hunting down any bailiffs who are too dim to have gotten the warning this morning…”
“You should’ve told him to record it for posterity!” Athena laughed.
Their superior chuckled, as well. “It’s good to hear that you made it out of there largely unscathed – thank goodness Blackquill has at least some criminal energy, or we might be visiting you in the emergency room right about now. Oh, and about those files… I’ll let Edgeworth know. We’ll get this straightened before the week is out.”
“Thanks. Not that someone else gets stuck looking for something in all the wrong places for days on end.” Apollo nodded, and Mr. Wright turned to pull the door of his study shut behind him.
When the young attorney turned towards the couch, his junior associate looked up at him expectantly.
“What now?”
Athena grinned. “Well, you told us what happened, and how you’ve been killing time in there, but… I sort of noticed that you left out some things…”
“Huh?” Apollo started to suspect that he knew what she meant the moment his wordless questioning noise had made it past his lips.
“During all that time, I’m sure you talked at least a little bit, and seeing that you haven’t exactly had any friendly chats outside of the courtroom ever…” His colleague’s arms crossed in front of her chest as her grin widened. “… maybe it’s just me, but it sounds to me like you guys understand each other a bit better now. N’est-ce pas?”
“Oh…” He nodded. “Yeah, I suppose we’ve kind of gotten to know each other some in all this…”
“Aaaand…?” Athena leaned forward slightly.
Apollo frowned. “I’m not sure what you want me to say. He’s actually fairly pleasant company when he doesn’t threaten to make heads roll, I guess…?”
He was interrupted by her giggle. “That’s what I like to hear!”

What’s this all about now…?

Athena noticed the way his eyebrows drew together and explained, “It’s a bit of a personal campaign – but god, don’t tell him about this, he’s going to get all grumpy and indignant and insist that he doesn’t need the help. Thing is, you know that Simon doesn’t exactly have the best of reputations, right? I’m kind of trying to spread the word that he isn’t this big, scary, crazed guy who’s gonna cut you down if you look at him funny, and that he doesn’t mean it when he says he will. Call it indirect image repair. So… now that you’ve gotten to know him a bit better, wanna join up?”
Apollo resisted the urge to put the tip of his forefinger to his forehead. Something smells here.
His bracelet had just given the tiniest of twinges. His colleague was probably not outright lying, and this harebrained scheme sounded like something she would get invested in, but there was something she was hiding from him.
Still, after admitting out loud to Blackquill that he tended to be overly suspicious due to Kristoph Gavin’s lingering influence, he felt that a conscious effort to trust Athena was better than once again beginning to avoid her. After all, to always give in to the impulse of distrust would mean letting his former mentor win in the end.

This is probably about something really minor. Something she knows about him that I don’t, and there’s probably a lot of that. Why not go along with whatever she wants me to do for now, if it’s not too out of line? Sooner or later, I’m going to find out what’s going on.

“What would ‘joining up’ involve…?” He asked carefully.
***
A week and a half later, the Wright Anything Agency lawyers found themselves facing off against Blackquill in court. As usual, things looked terrible for their client, but both Apollo and Athena had detected no lie when the young man had assured them that he had not done the deed, nor asked or hired anyone to do it for him.
Under the surface, the case turned out to be a lot more complex than it had initially appeared, as it often happened, and the trial lasted the full three days. When, on the final day, they finally managed to point out the real culprit and obtain a “Not Guilty” verdict for the defendant, Apollo felt like he was letting out 72 hours’ worth of held breath the moment the lobby door shut behind them.
“Phew, what a case!”
They said their goodbyes to their client and stepped out into the corridor, where Mr. Wright was waiting for them.
“Good showing, you two! That was a tough one… I’d say you’ve earned your salty noodles for seeing this through.”
Apollo grimaced behind one hand, which he had quickly lifted up to his face. One would think that, now that the Wright Anything Agency had recovered from Mr. Wright’s disbarment slump and was experiencing an upswing in legal business, they could afford to go out for something less heartburn-inducing, but apparently, it was far too late to change the unfortunate tradition at this juncture. Not that he had something against Guy Eldoon personally – but his noodles were probably listed as unacceptable punishment for prospective prisoners of war somewhere deep in the bowels of the Geneva Conventions.
“Actually, I…”
Just at that moment, Athena made a small gesture with her hand, and when Apollo’s eyes followed her clandestinely pointing finger, he spotted Blackquill stepping out of the prosecution lobby, Taka perched on his shoulder.
“… I have something I’d like to discuss with Prosecutor Blackquill. You guys just go ahead without me. Thanks for the invitation, though.”
Mr. Wright shrugged. “Suit yourself. If you change your mind, come by there in the next hour or so.”
I don’t think so. Granted, free food was nice – if it was not hell-bent on destroying one’s stomach lining and necessitated the purchase of copious amounts of Tums afterwards. “I’ll see if I can make it. See you later!”
Withstanding the impulse to look over his shoulder as he walked away from his colleagues, Apollo addressed his opponent.
“Prosecutor Blackquill, a word…?”
Much more quietly, he added, “Please tell me when they’re gone. I can’t turn around right now to check…”
Blackquill’s smirk was more than a little amused as he inquired at the same low volume, “And what if I should tell you that they have left, only for you to find that they are still present?”
Apollo grimaced in response. “Then I’ll make Mr. Wright invite you to noodles at Eldoon’s, as well.”
The prosecutor wrinkled his nose slightly. “In that case, expect the unvarnished truth from me. Speaking of varnish, one could strip paint with that broth.”
“And I thought I was the only one with functioning taste buds around here…” Apollo could not suppress a quiet snicker.
“While preferable over most prison fare, I would be disinclined to visit that food stand again, now that my tongue has recovered from the constant imposition of indefinable slop. Incidentally, the danger has passed.”
Now, the defense attorney did risk a look, and found that his superior and Athena were indeed out of sight.
“Thanks – from me, my taste receptors, and my innards.”
Blackquill shook his head with what actually appeared to be a fleeting smile. “It was no bother.”
He turned to leave and had taken a few steps when Apollo spoke up once more. “Hey… do you have any work to finish right now?”
The prosecutor stopped and glanced at him over his shoulder, his expression one of mild surprise. “Nothing that requires my immediate attention. Why do you ask?”
“Well, seeing that you just saved me from stomach immolation… I am kind of hungry, and it’s been a pretty long day. Feel like grabbing something decent to eat? My treat.”
Apollo smiled self-deprecatingly. “I sort of still owe you for those rations, and the ride, to not even mention for not being a dehydrated mess by the time they unlocked the archive…”
“I do not require repayment.” Blackquill raised an eyebrow.
“Hey, this isn’t a quid pro quo thing, you know? Maybe I’d just appreciate the company.”
Apollo realized only when he had already spoken these words that they were not just a mere deflection of the prosecutor’s assertion that this was repayment. He did enjoy dining with others, which was one of the only reasons why he usually participated in the victory celebrations at Eldoon’s, weaponized noodles or not.
Furthermore, his invitation was in line with Athena’s plan to indirectly rehabilitate Blackquill’s image. Her suggestion had been innocuous enough: if the man was seen in the company of people who were clearly not afraid of or intimidated by him, it might just gradually cause members of the general public to take a second look at the available information and realize that he was not a menace to society. Not a bad idea, really – and the prosecutor was pleasant enough company when he was not in the process of cutting his cases to shreds, so Apollo had seen no reason to not agree to her terms, even if he could tell that she might have some ulterior motive in all this.
If she somehow thinks we’re going to suddenly turn into best buddies and that’s what she’s so secretive about… I can live with being her guinea pig.
After all, had he not been outraged at the degree of ostracism the prosecutor was experiencing even now, as evidenced by the now-sorted matter of the separated files? He personally doubted that bosom-buddy-dom with the fierce ex-inmate was right around the corner, but he certainly had no problem with gaining an intelligent conversation partner, while simultaneously surreptitiously lending said conversation partner a hand.
Meanwhile, Blackquill had remained where he had come to a halt, mulling over the offer.
“… I would not be averse to a meal, as I have had to spend the lunch recess over at the forensics lab.”
Apollo suppressed the urge to make a face. “Let’s make a deal: We’re gonna find a restaurant, and you don’t tell me about your friendly visit with forensics. I just managed to preserve my appetite, after all.”
The prosecutor snorted. “Very well. Lead the way.”



Chapter 3



The after-trial lunch or dinner meeting should become a regular occurrence over the next few months. In most of their joint cases, the defense ended up winning, leading to Apollo offering to pay for both his and Blackquill’s meal to alleviate the sting of losing for the other man, even though the prosecutor was thankfully not a sore loser when nothing he considered foul play was involved in the judge’s decision. In the rare instances where their client had managed to slip their guilt past his or Athena’s radar, which was never the case in murder trials but happened here and there when it came to lesser crimes, as guilt consciousness seemed to paradoxically be less acute when it came to things like larceny and home invasions, Blackquill insisted on returning the favor. However, he picked fairly upscale sit-down restaurants, whereas Apollo usually dragged him to food trucks and establishments which, though looking somewhat run-down from the outside, served good food at reasonable prices. When the defense attorney pointed out that things were not exactly even that way over a selection of pricey sushi, Blackquill smirked.
“Whatever happened to ‘this is not a quid pro quo thing?’”
At first, these meetings proceeded in reasonably comfortable silence, interspersed with a remark about their just-adjourned trial here and there. After a while, Blackquill began making fun of the occasional lurid moments the judge had had, and somehow, they ended up at regularly comparing notes about their workdays and colleagues. Apollo learned that Chief Prosecutor Edgeworth was something of a neat freak, that the Paynes were universally reviled among their colleagues and the butt of every office joke, and that Klavier Gavin still on occasion got flack due to his brother.
“While I generally agree with his assigned detective that the man is a fop, considering him guilty by association attests to a lack of common sense, given his record,” Blackquill remarked on the topic, and Apollo heartily agreed.
For his part, he initially primarily talked about Athena, since the prosecutor seemed to take an active interest in her well-being, but when it turned out that Blackquill was beginning to hear his stories from the horse’s mouth, as his junior colleague had now taken to occasionally going on outings with her childhood acquaintance, he also began sharing accounts of Mr. Wright’s and Trucy’s more interesting moments.
Apollo ran into Blackquill and Athena here and there during those evenings and weekends, the latter encounters at first surprising as all get-out because the prosecutor chose to be clad in something other than his formal suit and surcoat. Come to think of it, he had never seen the man in anything else, and while it stood to reason that he owned other clothing, the defense attorney had never been able to envision him wearing something other than his customary court wardrobe. The less forbidding attire seemed to remove a layer of distance from his demeanor, and although Apollo’s conversations with them always remained fairly short, the different atmosphere was still palpable.
Additionally, he noticed that Blackquill’s bearing began to gradually loosen up ever so slightly, and that the dark traces under his eyes were progressively, albeit slowly, fading. The haughty smirk the prosecutor affected was likewise starting to lose some of its edge outside of the courtroom setting, although this seemed to be more often the case when the man was in Athena’s company than during his own meetings with Blackquill.
He would be lying to himself if that was not disappointing on some level, although he supposed it made sense, considering that the prosecutor had known his colleague far longer than him.

He’s been around her when she was a kid, and she was trying to get him off the hook when we all still thought he was guilty, of course he’s going to be less on his guard with her.

His and her meetings with Blackquill never overlapped; Apollo had at first attempted to invite Athena along to their meals, but she had always declined, stating that she, for one, liked Eldoon’s, and that she considered their victory meals there a just reward for a work well done. His bracelet had twinged every time she had said this, and when he finally confronted her about it, she just shrugged.
“All right, you got me. I just think it’s more helpful if we don’t all go places at the same time. Right now, the public sees Simon meeting with an old friend, and having friendly meals with an opponent. If it’s both of us with him though, they’d probably try and draw a connection between all of us, and end up wondering whether it’s just because we both work at the agency that got him exonerated. It’s basic mob psychology.”
That sounded reasonable enough, Apollo supposed, but he could tell that that still was not all there was to it. Rather than giving a full twinge, his bracelet almost imperceptibly tightened around his wrist for a moment, but he felt it nevertheless.

I wonder…

Perhaps Athena was interested in a different sort of relationship with Blackquill? That would explain why she was attempting to keep their meetings separate, so Apollo would not cotton on to any flirting she might be engaging in, feel like a third wheel, or inadvertently get in the way.

Well, that’s none of my business.

In that manner, three months passed before Apollo knew it, and the summer sun began to burn down on Los Angeles. With the change of seasons came an interesting announcement, posted at the courthouse entrance when the Wright Anything Agency lawyers arrived for a trial one hot morning in mid-June.
 

INTERNATIONAL JURISPRUDENCE CONFERENCE


Sacramento
, CA – July 8-10 – Regal Hotel and Conference Center


Held in North America for the first time in eight years, this conference offers panels on the applicability of local, national, and global laws depending on jurisdiction, as well as analyses of recent cases which have challenged conventional delineation guided by guest speakers. Workshops showcasing the establishment of precedence from a global within a local context will likewise be offered.


Pre-registration for law professionals ends June 25.


 

Apollo squinted at the poster, emblazoned with the International Court of Justice emblem.
Next to him, Mr. Wright scratched his chin. “I’d love for all of us to go, especially since I bet they’re going to talk about the Phantom case, but I’m not sure that I can swing it from the agency coffers at the moment. Also, Trucy has a big show on the 9th, and I promised I’d be around for that…”
Athena made a face; she obviously was not in favor of spending an entire weekend in the company of a huge accumulation of attorneys from god-knew-where, most of them likely quite a bit older and more staid than her or Apollo.
Their superior caught her expression and grinned. “I see you aren’t exactly raring to go. How about you then, Apollo?”
He started. “Me? How’d I suddenly volunteer?”
Mr. Wright shrugged slightly. “As my junior partner, you should be ready to step in for me if I can’t participate in something like that – and since our cases tend to get complicated more often than not, it’d be practical for one of us to pick up a few more tricks of the trade when it comes to precedence and related matters.”
Apollo could already tell that he was not going to win this argument; his shoulders slumped. “… I suppose a few new perspectives couldn’t hurt…”
His superior turned away and pushed the door open. “That’s settled then. Find yourself a cheap hotel room up there – I’m afraid staying at the Regal is outside of our means.”

Of course. Half star Super 8 it is for this defense attorney then.

Apollo suppressed a sigh and moved to follow Mr. Wright when Athena whispered, “You should talk to Simon. I’m pretty sure he said he was going to Sacramento next month just the other day, ‘cause he was invited to speak at some sort of event – maybe it’s that conference he was talking about?”
Perhaps this thing was not going to be a complete gathering of the Grossbergs then. Knowing that at least one acquaintance was probably going to be there, as well, made the thought of spending a whole weekend immersed in work lingo go down somewhat more easily.
He nodded his understanding towards his associate and entered the building.
***
Their trial for the day did not last particularly long; Gaspen Payne was, as usual, more concerned with taunting them than with thoroughly looking over his evidence, and at three in the afternoon, court was adjourned with a “Not Guilty” verdict for their client.
After trials against one of the Payne brothers, Mr. Wright usually refrained from springing for Eldoon’s, pointing out that their effort should be proportional to the compensation, unless they happened to defend a personal friend. As a result, it was not too difficult for Apollo to extricate himself and consult the court calendar for the day.
“Are you looking for something specific?” A low voice sounded behind him.
The defense attorney turned around, scratching at his neck. “You, actually.”
Blackquill smirked, his arms crossed in front of his chest. “Oh? And how may I be of service?”
“Well…” Apollo faltered. “Are you busy right now?”
The prosecutor shook his head. “I have seen my battles for the day to their conclusion.”
“Ah, okay… mind joining me for a cup of coffee? There’s something I wanted to ask you.”
Blackquill seemed momentarily surprised. “We have not crossed blades today. What is the occasion?”
“I heard from Athena that you might be going to that conference they’re advertising, up in Sacramento…”
Apollo had to keep from raising an eyebrow when his conversation partner’s mouth set in a grim line. “Ah, that. You are correct, this is best discussed away from these premises.”

Huh, what’s the big deal?

He had no time to wonder about Blackquill’s sudden change in attitude any further, as the prosecutor turned away from him. “Follow me.”
Ten minutes later, after they had seated themselves in a small coffee shop and placed their orders, Apollo was the first to pick up on his proposed topic again.
“You don’t sound thrilled about going up north next month.”
Blackquill snorted derisively. “That would be because I am not. As far as I am concerned, this pompous gathering of hogwash-spouting dullards is a waste of my time. However, Edgeworth-dono insisted that I accept the invitation to speak as a guest, seeing that I was the prosecutor overseeing the original Phantom investigation, as well as in charge of his processing after the UR-1 retrial.”
Apollo’s smile was lopsided as he responded, “Yeah well, you know what they say: misery loves company. Mr. Wright thinks it might be worthwhile but can’t go, and Athena doesn’t want to, so I guess it’s up to me to sacrifice my weekend for this.”
“In that case, my warnings will be unlikely to dissuade you, then.” Blackquill took a sip of his coffee. “I attended this conference when it was last held on this continent, eight years ago. It was more than pointless.”
The defense attorney sighed. “I guess I could try telling Mr. Wright that, but I have a feeling he’s not going to listen. He’s very good at tuning me out sometimes…”
“Condolences.” The prosecutor thought for a moment. “Will you be staying at the Regal?”
Apollo snorted helplessly. “The office doesn’t have that kind of money, and I’d rather not waste my own salary on some expensive hotel room, even if that means that I’m going to have to stay in some motel at the outskirts of town and use public transportation to get to the conference…”
“Hmph. Disgraceful. If Wright-dono condemns you to this three-day pit of despair, he should at least possess the decency to furnish you with adequate lodgings.” Blackquill shook his head.
After a moment, he added, “I have been provided with a room by the organizers – the standard configuration, I believe, which entails two double beds.”
It took the defense attorney a few seconds to understand that the final sentence was meant as an offer. His eyes widened. “You mean…?”
The prosecutor looked away. “I happen to have excess resources at my disposal, which were given to me free of charge, and which you happen to lack. In return, perhaps your company will serve to alleviate my all but assured annoyance at having to deal with know-it-all gasbags all day.”
One corner of his mouth twitched upwards traitorously with the last few syllables.
Relief mixed with amusement as Apollo began to snicker. “So everybody wins, huh? Well, thanks for having me. I guess at least this time, we’ll have a proper bathroom, toiletries, beds – and keys.”
Now, the customary smirk fully flickered into being as Blackquill turned towards him. “Would you like me to bring a deck of cards…?”
“No!”



Chapter 4



Mr. Wright seemed slightly taken aback when Apollo informed him the following day that he had been invited to take up the prosecutor’s spare bed at the Regal for the duration of the conference.
“Well, I guess it saves us money, and seeing that you two have already practiced being in the same room for prolonged amounts of time…” He laughed. “Since you’ve managed to organize free sleeping space for yourself, remind me to hand you some cash the Thursday before – you’ve just earned yourself a food budget.”

Oh, and I guess I would’ve lived off of friendly handshakes for three days otherwise…?

Apollo withstood the urge to roll his eyes. “Great, thanks.”
He and Blackquill faced off in court once more during the following three weeks leading up to the conference, and when the defense attorney brought up the event at their customary after-trial meal, his companion’s mien promptly darkened.

Uh-oh…

Apollo was beginning to wonder whether accepting the offer had really been a good idea – not that he was overly worried anymore that Blackquill was going to lose his cool and do something they might both end up regretting, but their confinement in the archive had only featured antsy Blackquill, whereas this conference promised exposure to outright angry Blackquill, if not necessarily angry at him.
… If his mood fouls up the air too much, I can always leave the room, I guess.
At least, mentioning Sacramento yielded another unexpected positive result.
“When will your flight arrive?” the prosecutor inquired.
“I, uh…” Apollo shook his head slightly. “I’m not flying. It’s probably gonna be the highway bus for me – and you know how those are, can’t predict the schedule, because of rush hour and such… So, you’re probably going to be there quite a bit earlier than me, maybe I should give you my phone number so you can let me know which room it is…”
“What made you believe that I will be flying?” Blackquill wanted to know.
“… Huh? But if they paid for your room…”
Apollo’s companion did not meet his eyes. “They offered. I declined. If you must know, I am not particularly inclined to being confined in a tin can hurtling through the skies, at the mercy of everything from the weather to the local geography and fauna.”

…You’re afraid of flying?

Blackquill seemed to guess what he was thinking. “It is not necessarily a problem of the discomfort, nor of the height. I merely happened to be reminded of a fellow inmate upon receiving the offer, a former pilot. He suffered from a heart attack in mid-flight and the plane nearly crashed. His co-pilot happened to be sleeping at the time, and awakened at the last possible moment to avert disaster.”
Apollo stared. “He went to jail for that?”
“No.” The prosecutor smirked. “He murdered his wife, but that is a story for another time.”
Trust him to come up with a jail anecdote that took a sharp left turn away from the topic at hand, although the defense attorney knew by now how to read them, namely as an attempt to avoid the crux of the matter. In this case, it was not difficult to discern: Blackquill was suspicious when it came to putting his fate into other people’s hands. Quite understandable, after everything he had been through.
“So… you’ll drive up there? But that’s going to take…!”
“Five and a half hours, give or take.” Blackquill nodded. “I have been notified that my presence will be required at the opening ceremony, which will take place at 1:30 PM. I plan to arrive at the Regal at about noon, therefore I will leave at approximately six in the morning. If you happen to be in need of conveyance…”
Apollo thought about it for a moment. “I’d appreciate a ride – but you’ll let me pay for a tank of gas at least, all right? It already feels like I’m mooching off of you for most of this trip…”
The prosecutor huffed. “Nonsense. I do not incur additional costs due to your presence, and I can assure you that my motives are entirely self-serving. The drive is boring, and I would rather not risk an accident by falling asleep at the wheel. Do keep in mind, however, that I will not leave Sacramento until Monday morning; if you are required to work that day, you will have to make your way back here by yourself.”
At that, Apollo barely managed to stifle a smile by lifting his water glass to his lips. Translation: I’d appreciate your company.
“Okay, I guess I’ll keep you awake then,” he replied nonchalantly as he put the drinking vessel back on the table. “As for Monday, I’m sure that’s not going to be a problem.”
His answer got another one of those rare, fleeting, real smiles out of Blackquill.
“Much obliged.”
***
Mr. Wright made good on his word: On the Thursday before the conference, just before locking up the office for the day, he handed Apollo a somewhat crumpled 100-dollar-bill with the words, “Don’t spend it all in one place.”
His junior partner rolled his eyes. “Yes, boss.”
He turned to leave, only to have Athena cheerily call after him, “Have fun!”
Apollo groaned. “Harr-de-harr-harr.”
When he pulled the door shut behind him, he could faintly hear his associate and Trucy giggling about something.

What the hell…?

Maybe it had nothing to do with him.

Whatever. Time to pack up some things, and get to bed early tonight.

***
Friday morning at six o’clock sharp, Apollo stood in front of the building which housed the Wright Anything Agency, waiting for Blackquill to pick him up. Since the prosecutor did not know where he lived, and there was no parking to be had in the area, this had been the easiest option.
The familiar black sedan pulled up to the curb a few minutes later, and the passenger side window lowered.
“There is space for your belongings on the back seat. Let’s be on our way.”
Getting out of L.A. took about three quarters of an hour. Traffic was not too congested yet, and soon, they had passed city limits and proceeded along the open highway. As it was still early in the morning, the temperature was balmy rather than hot, and Apollo asked after a while, “Mind if I roll down the window?”
Blackquill shrugged, seemingly without ever taking his eyes off the road; it was hard to tell, as he was currently wearing a pair of narrow-framed sunglasses to ward off the glare.  “I have no objections.”
The defense attorney enjoyed the fresh air in silence for a bit, until he realized that they had barely exchanged a word since he had sat down in the passenger seat. While the silence was yet far from oppressive, perhaps some light conversation would help pass the time.
“When did you get your license back?”
The prosecutor looked over at him for a moment, before once more facing forward. “About a month after my exoneration. Once I had found an apartment, it became clear rather rapidly that public transit was not for me. Edgeworth-dono graciously permitted me to use his vehicle for practice, as well as for the driving test.”
Apollo detected more than a hint of tension in Blackquill upon mentioning public transportation, and was fairly sure he knew what was behind it: The other passengers had likely either been visibly terrified or confrontational the moment he had entered the bus or subway train. Even if the prosecutor feigned nonchalance in the face of this behavior, if this sort of thing happened on a daily basis, it was bound to get to anyone who did not happen to be a narcissist or sociopath.
Furthermore, his mention of Edgeworth was interesting; the defense attorney wondered whether the Chief Prosecutor might not have a similar objective in sending Blackquill to this conference as Athena had had in initially encouraging Apollo to spend time with him: Exposure and reintroduction to the public as a regular person.
Come to think of it, what we’re all doing here is sort of wrong. As Athena had initially surmised, Blackquill would probably not be thrilled if he was informed of their efforts in that regard, although Apollo thought that, at least in his and his associate’s case, presenting the prosecutor to the world in a more positive light was more of a pleasant side-effect, rather than the point of their meetings. He, for one, enjoyed Blackquill’s company, and given that the man had freely invited him to stay in his room when he had been under no obligation to do so, the feeling was apparently mutual.
Still, it was probably best to steer clear of this topic.
“I’ve never bothered getting a license, myself – never had the means to keep a car, anyway. Actually, none of us at the agency has one…”
The prosecutor grinned. “I am aware – although, Athena has recently indicated that she would like to change that fact.”
“She has?” Apollo was surprised.
“Indeed. At the moment, she is trying to talk me into letting her use my car for practice.” Blackquill snorted; it sounded slightly exasperated. “Unfortunately for her, I have seen how she operates her bicycle, and I would rather not become an accessory to vehicular manslaughter.”
His dry tone got a laugh out of the defense attorney.
“That’s a really good point.”
Now that their mutual friend had yet again come up in the conversation as she usually did, he was wondering whether perhaps a bit of digging was in order, considering Athena’s odd behavior whenever he talked about Blackquill with her.
“Speaking of her… you’re meeting pretty often, right?”
The prosecutor nodded. “She approached me a couple of weeks prior to our misadventure in the courthouse catacombs, stating that she wanted us to mend our fences, and decided that we should meet on a regular basis shortly thereafter. As you may have noticed, we did not exactly treat each other as friendly acquaintances while I was still incarcerated.”
Apollo frowned; that seemed an awfully flimsy explanation for the recent frequency of their meetings.

To ask, or not to ask…?

To heck with it.
“Are you dating her?”
The simple question got Blackquill to fully turn toward him for the first time since they had left the agency parking lot, and Apollo knew that the prosecutor was staring at him incredulously behind the dark sunglasses.
Then, he barked out a laugh. The expression of amusement sounded entirely genuine, and yet…
A twinge of his bracelet, almost hesitant, as though the young defense attorney had happened upon something that was buried underneath a larger truth.
Once Blackquill had himself back under control, he glanced ahead to ensure that he was still in-lane and not too close to any other vehicles before he spoke up again.
“In case my reaction requires further qualification, no, I am not ‘dating’ Athena, and while she is important to me, I have no intention of doing so in the future, either. Why the sudden inquiry? Might you perhaps be interested?”
These words had been completely free of tension, so whatever the prosecutor was hiding did not seem to have anything to do with her directly.
“God no,” Apollo responded immediately. “Don’t get me wrong, we get along great and all, but she’s like a younger sister to me – and I doubt I could keep up with her energy, even if I was attracted to her.”
There was that fleeting, real smile again. “That makes two of us.”
However, Blackquill was apparently determined to get back at him for his original insinuation, for a split second later, his smirk replaced it.
“Of course, I hear your prospects are promising with Woods-dono, as well…”
Apollo lowered his face into his palm with a groan. “Not you too! She’s a really nice girl, and yes, I’m aware that she’s interested, but I don’t see that working out for me, either.”

Okay, let’s not go further down that road.

In order to deflect, he shot back, “What about you, then? You have the Byronic hero thing going for you, I’m sure the ladies must be lining up around the block…”
Blackquill chuckled. “Well-read, are we? As for ‘ladies lining up around the block,’ I am afraid their efforts would be futile.”

…Wait a minute.

Not only had the prosecutor arrived at the very topic Apollo had tried to avoid, he had just indirectly stated that he happened to be uninterested in romantic advances by women. Granted, this could mean a number of different things, but the most likely interpretation was…

That’s what Athena didn’t tell me.

Blackquill misinterpreted the defense attorney’s sudden silence, as he cleared his throat after a moment.
“… That may not have been the wisest way to disclose my inclinations to you, given that we are to voluntarily share a room for the next few days. I hope that my revelation does not cause you discomfort? I can assure you that my offer was not inspired by untoward motives.”
His suddenly pronounced tension rattled Apollo out of his stunned realization.
“No, not at all! I was just kind of surprised that you brought it up so casually, that’s all…”
Blackquill visibly relaxed once more. “I see. My apologies for becoming overly personal.”
“…Likewise.”
Apollo had considered and discarded a few other potential answers before settling for this response.
“Not at all.” – That’s an indirect invitation to talk about more personal stuff if I ever heard one. One such revelation per day was probably enough for now – after all, while they got along well, they were still hardly friends for life, and Blackquill already sounded as though he was beginning to regret his offhanded forwardness.
“You’ve got nothing to apologize for.” – Wouldn’t that sound all magnanimous? As if I graciously excuse him for revealing his ‘deep, dark secret’ to me. There were enough out-and-proud homosexual and bisexual lawyers in their court system alone to where that would have sounded more than a little ludicrous, even if one did not take his own preferences into account.
“By the way, I’m gay, too!” – Translation: I’m desperate and we share a room, wink-wink, nudge-nudge. He somehow suspected that that had been approximately what Athena had envisioned would happen, particularly given the giggle fit she and Trucy had had when he had left work yesterday – she had to be aware of the fact that he preferred men, since Apollo found himself flustered by the jokingly flirtatious behavior of Prosecutor Gavin whenever it happened, try as he might to keep his cool. Trucy, likewise, had probably known for a while, as she was also able to discern tension in people and had witnessed him and the rock star interact often enough. He was not interested in the German per se– too loud, too energetic, too conventionally pretty, too much baggage – and yet he still responded, while he was able to feign ignorance of Juniper’s shy advances. His associate was sure to have heard what was in his heart.
If that was the case… the underlying assumption was sort of offensive, even if it was not meant in a mean-spirited way.
So you think just because you encourage two gay men to spend time with each other, they’re definitely going to fall into bed sooner or later? Because that always happens when straight men and women become acquainted, right?
All the more reason to not disclose his own preferences to Blackquill at this point – he would prove Athena wrong. Besides, his companion had just stated that he did not have any ‘untoward motives’ towards him, and Apollo had never caught any specific tells indicating the opposite from him, tension or not. He was not surprised – he somehow doubted he was the prosecutor’s type, although he would be hard-pressed to envision just what it might be.
Be that as it may, they were friendly acquaintances, and by the end of this weekend, they would still be that. Nothing less, but certainly also nothing more.



Chapter 5



They arrived at the Regal Hotel in downtown Sacramento at approximately noon, just as Blackquill had planned. During the remainder of the trip, their stretches of silence had become more prolonged after their talk had dipped its toes into the murky waters of their respective love lives, but after a while, they had settled on discussing what to expect at the conference for a topic, which had provided a surer footing for further conversation.
The clerk at the lobby desk was more than a little surprised when the prosecutor demanded two key cards for his room upon check-in.
“Will somebody be staying with you, sir?”
Blackquill gave the man a clipped nod. “That is correct.”
Apollo could almost see the moment the hotel employee began to sweat.
“I, um… you are aware that we do have a surcharge for every guest beyond the first one in any given room?”
That earned the clerk an almost predatory smirk. “Charge it to the card you have on file.”
“O-of course sir. Very good, sir.”
When they walked away from the desk, keys in hand, Apollo murmured incredulously, “Did you just tell him to charge the conference for my stay?”
Blackquill chuckled. “Consider it preemptive compensation for hours upon hours of ennui, which you were swindled into by gaudy adverts to begin with.”
“And what if they get huffy about it?” The defense attorney was reasonably certain that, even though the monetary damage was hardly substantial, what Blackquill had just done was not strictly speaking kosher.
“I have it on good authority that other invited speakers will be present alongside their plus-ones.” His companion kept his gaze fixed on the far end of the corridor, where the elevators were located, rather than looking at Apollo. “As you well know, I am not above prevarication, given the right circumstances.”

He’s willing to lie about me being his lover to save me a few bucks?

What was he supposed to say to that, other than, “Thanks. You’ve just rescued my food budget from being gutted.”
“No thanks are necessary. You have, in turn, given me a petty little opportunity to exact my revenge for the invitation. Our needs merely happened to coincide.”
Neither one of them spoke up again until they reached their room. It was a completely standard hotel room, just about indistinguishable from a similar place at a much cheaper establishment at first glance: Two double beds, side by side, with nightstands fitted with reading lamps to the left and right, a television on a wide console with drawers on the opposite side of the room, and a door leading into the bathroom next to the entrance.
Blackquill unceremoniously dropped his own bag on one of the sleeping steads, opened the zipper and withdrew a small toiletry pouch, which he deposited in the bathroom. Upon his return, he suggested, “As we are in possession of appropriate facilities and keys this time around, as you so aptly pointed out, we should discuss bathroom usage in order to enable us to avoid unacceptable holdups.”
Apollo had taken a tentative look at the panel schedule, and knew that there was nothing in the early morning which had caught his interest.
“I’m probably going to be up and about from 10:30 or so every morning, and I generally take about half an hour to get ready.”
The prosecutor nodded. “My presence will be required at an earlier time each day, so our morning schedules should not conflict.”
Then, he gazed over at the alarm clock on his nightstand.
“Unless this contraption has fallen prey to a strange soul deliberately causing it to show the wrong time, I will have to take my leave.”

Ah yeah, he said something about having to show up at the opening ceremony…

Apollo found himself curious. Would this conference be really as terrible as his companion kept insisting?
He rose from his bed. “Well, let’s go.”
***
About forty minutes later, Apollo returned to their room by himself, thoroughly disgusted with the proceedings even though they had barely begun.
If the opening ceremony was any indication, this conference was everything Blackquill had warned him about, with not the slightest bit of exaggeration in evidence.
They had essentially paraded the prosecutor around like a prize poodle, seemingly less interested in the man’s work regarding the jurisdictional details of the Phantom case than in having a still-notorious guest for people to ogle. Everyone had taken pictures, inundating Blackquill in a veritable lightning storm of camera flashes. No one had asked a single worthwhile question in the all but three seconds the MC had allowed for this purpose.
Blackquill himself had appeared prepared for this response, leaving Apollo to wonder once more just how obnoxious the press coverage had been immediately after the UR-1 retrial, as he was not the most avid of newspaper readers. The only visible effects of being stared at and photographed from every conceivable angle like an exotic and potentially dangerous animal had been that his current roommate’s corners of the mouth had been drawn downward slightly, and that his facial expression had been stony.
There had been no talking to the prosecutor after the ridiculous display had been over, as he and the other guests on stage had immediately been corralled away by conference handlers, leaving Apollo to his own devices, although he believed that he had caught a glimpse of a decidedly irate narrowing of the eyes when the former ‘Twisted Samurai’ had glanced over his shoulder.
I sense either meditation time or a rant tonight… not that I’d blame him for either one, after that. He would gladly provide an ear, should Blackquill feel the need to vent his spleen – truth be told, he might even chime in, himself.

Who do they think they are?

Well, at this point, he could not get the money for his ticket refunded anymore, and while he sincerely doubted that the offered panels would present a lot of worthwhile information after the first unimpressive showing of this event, he might as well go and see if he could glean anything useful that he could report to Mr. Wright after he got back.
With a sigh, Apollo rose from the bed and began his regular Chords of Steel routine, even though he had to admit that he would not describe himself as feeling fine right at this moment– more discouraged and disillusioned by his profession. But there was no helping it.
Ten minutes later, the young defense attorney once more departed from his room to brave the hyenas downstairs.
***
By the time Apollo left the last panel he had been planning to attend for the day, he was beginning to get an inkling of what Blackquill must be feeling like. The sessions in which he had participated today had been about fifty percent business and fifty percent gossip – and upon hearing that he was the junior partner of one Phoenix Wright, attorney at law, Apollo had received a variety of completely unsolicited opinions, ranging from Mr. Wright having framed Kristoph Gavin for his crimes to regain his badge to his superior somehow being able to single-handedly end corruption and evidence forgery by merely pointing his finger at these complex problems.
The fact that Mr. Wright had also played a part in the UR-1 retrial was once again dragged up, as well, and by the end of that particular discussion during the second half of the final panel, Apollo’s mouth had been set in a grim, pinched line of disapproval. The rumors ranking themselves around his superior were ridiculous, but the ones concerning Blackquill were nothing short of defamation of character. Naturally, it had been assumed by the present group of self-satisfied, middle-aged men that, even if the recurring sabotage of the HAT space program had been the work of the Phantom, Metis Cykes’ death was still Blackquill’s work, and “the child” (Athena would have busted some heads at being addressed that way) had been primed by him to get him off the hook, perhaps because she bore partial blame, herself.
Apollo had stalked out of the room the moment the discussion had officially been dissolved by the group leader, reminding himself clear until the door had closed behind him that balling his fists or grimacing would only let his fellow panelists know that they had gotten to him.
If I’m about ready to punch someone… who knows what kind of mood Blackquill is in?
He would not receive an immediate answer to that question, as the prosecutor was not in evidence when he pushed open the door to their room. Odd, considering that Apollo’s panel had been the last officially scheduled one to end for the evening.

Maybe he went to get something to eat.

He probably should, as well – the defense attorney’s stomach had felt noticeably empty for about an hour now, although the hunger signals had been blunted by the vaguely sick feeling that came with near-overwhelming, suppressed anger.

Time to go grab some grub.

***
Half an hour later, Apollo returned to the hotel; he had found an In-N-Out Burger joint within five minutes’ walking distance, and had taken care of dinner there, rather than venturing any further and potentially getting lost.
He was walking past the entrance to the hotel bar on his way to the elevators when he noticed a distinctive white emblem on a black background, half-obscured by long black hair, from the corner of his eyes.
Blackquill was sitting at the counter by himself, his back turned toward the door. On occasion, he lifted his arm in a way that suggested he was drinking something, although Apollo was unable to see what it was.
The defense attorney made a decision.
Seating himself on the bar stool next to the prosecutor, he signaled the bartender, and asked with deliberate casualness, “How much for a gin and tonic?”
“11 dollars.”
Ouch. Still, he deserved a drink after today.
“I’d like one, please.”
Apollo knew Blackquill’s gaze rested on him for a short while after the bartender had left, but did not turn towards the prosecutor until his beverage arrived. Then, he lifted his glass with a wry smile.
“A toast.”
Blackquill raised an eyebrow, but let his right hand curl around his own drinking vessel, which contained a clear, steaming liquid.
“To…?”
Apollo looked to the left and right to see if anyone paid attention to them, before intoning, “Surviving the first day of three trapped in a hotel full of gossip-mongering jerks.”
He felt incredibly gratified when his proposed toast got the prosecutor to smile.
“May the other two pass ever faster.”
“I’ll drink to that.” Apollo nodded with a smile of his own. “Cheers.”
They both took a sip from their glasses.
When Blackquill placed his back on the counter, Apollo asked, “What is that?”
“Oyuwari shōchū.”
“Gesundheit.”
The prosecutor snorted. “Rice liquor cut with hot water.”
“Ah, so that’s why it’s steaming,” Apollo observed. “Any good?”
Blackquill wordlessly shoved over his glass.
“Uh… thanks.”
The defense attorney took a sip, and only just had the presence of mind to put the drinking vessel down before coughing.
“Wow, pretty good burn.”
The prosecutor shrugged slightly as he reached for the glass. “Shōchū is similar to vodka, if slightly less potent. However, the hot water does serve to hasten its absorption on one hand, while cutting through the alcohol content on the other, unleashing and restraining the spirit at the same time. An apt beverage if one seeks forgetfulness devoid of suffering, much like the waters of the River Lethe.”

That bad, huh?

Best not to ask.
They sat in silence for a while.
Blackquill spoke up again first. “You seem to have missed some ketchup on your cheek.”
Apollo could feel himself flush as he reached up and found the trace of condiment on his skin.
“Ugh, thanks for telling me. I don’t really like sitting around at fast food places for too long, since you never know who’s going to come in there and the smell takes forever to air out of your clothes, so I guess I was a bit quick with the napkin…”
The prosecutor cut into his ramblings, “May I assume that your seeking sustenance in a place you find uncomfortable was born out of budget limitations?”
“Actually, it’s not that tight – I had a hundred dollars to start with, and it’s only gonna have to last until Monday morning, after all… I just didn’t feel like walking any further at that point, especially since I don’t know the area.”
Blackquill considered Apollo’s answer for a long moment before stating, “I am familiar with this city, as I happened to grow up in these parts. Would you care to join me for dinner tomorrow? The establishment I have in mind is inexpensive, but produces above-average fare.”
The defense attorney took a sip of his gin and tonic. “Sure, if it’s not too much trouble…”
“Hardly. I dare say that ‘trouble’ is more likely to describe everything that will take place before it.”
Apollo rolled his eyes. “You had to go and remind me.”
Another actual smile. Two in less than half an hour – a new personal best. Then again, considering that the day had not exactly been amusing, maybe Blackquill had merely been saving them up.
“My deepest apologies.”
Both attorneys emptied their glasses, and it did not take a verbal agreement for them to rise and return to their room thereafter.
***
Apollo was the first to get to use the bathroom, as Blackquill did opt for a meditation session once they had arrived back in their temporarily shared space. Knowing that he had a decent amount of time on his hands due to this, and seeing that he had last seen to hygiene this morning at five, he decided to take a long bath, attempting to let the relaxation claim his stress and annoyance at the thought of having to submit himself to today’s unpleasant experiences for two more days.
After about forty-five minutes, he stepped back out, clad in a pair of blue sweatpants and with a towel slung over his shoulders, his day clothes hanging off his right lower arm. His torso was bare, as he generally did not sleep in a shirt, and his wet, tousled hair was free of the gel and pomade he used every day, tumbling loosely over his ears.
The young defense attorney pointed over his shoulder with his thumb outstretched when Blackquill looked at him from where he was seated on top of his bed.
“It’s all yours.”
“Very well.”
The hint of tension in the prosecutor’s voice was not lost on Apollo; neither was the way he appeared to avoid looking at his current roommate more than strictly necessary as he rose, reached into his bag for a small bundle of clothing, and shut the bathroom door behind him.
Does he still think I might be bothered because he’s gay? He was not sure how to make any clearer that he wasn’t, his own preferences notwithstanding, than by not covering up from head to toe prior to going to bed – but on the other hand, maybe baring his chest had made the prosecutor feel that he was ogling, even if he was not.
Perhaps he should somehow have found a way to tell Blackquill that he did not happen to be the only one in this room who was homosexual; the question was how to do so without any unfortunate insinuations.

Maybe I’ll find a good way to broach the topic over dinner tomorrow.

Apollo was under the covers when Blackquill reemerged from the bathroom, his hair loosened from its ever-present ponytail and damp, most of it resting on the towel he had draped over his shoulders and back. Under the absorbent cloth, he was wearing a plain white t-shirt, and his legs were covered by black cotton sweatpants similar to the defense attorney’s.
“Have a good night,” Apollo wished after his companion had arranged his suit jacket and surcoat on a hanger and put unworn, neatly-folded shirt, pants, socks, and underwear on top of his bag.
Blackquill reached for his bedside lamp to extinguish the last source of light in the room. “And the same to you.”



Chapter 6



The following morning, Apollo half-awoke for a few minutes when Blackquill’s alarm clock went off. A moment later, a large hand slammed down on the snooze button, and the mass under the blanket turned away from the source of noise with an unintelligible murmur.
From almost-closed eyes, the still slumber-bound defense attorney noticed that his roommate had completely mummied up in the comforter; only his head was sticking out in spite of the fact that it was summer and already getting unpleasantly warm in the room, as they had not thought to turn on the air conditioner last night. Add to that that he was wearing a t-shirt, and it caused Apollo to dully wonder, Why…? Something else left over from prison…?
He did not have the energy to think this through just yet, as his eyelids were already in the process of sliding closed again… for eight minutes. Then, the alarm began to blare again.
This time, Blackquill sat up after silencing the obnoxious clock, as Apollo witnessed upon being rattled into slightly opening his eyes a sliver once more. Then, his companion momentarily reached under the blanket with both hands, and…

Is he adjusting his shirt to make sure I don’t accidentally see anything of him?

An inexplicable urge to stay covered at all times – could that truly be just overdrawn modesty? He would probably think further on that… once his own alarm had gone off and he had found himself some coffee.
Apollo fell asleep once more the moment Blackquill had gathered his clothes and pulled the bathroom door shut behind him.
***
Two hours later, the defense attorney had managed to peel himself out of his incredibly comfortable sheets. Braving the day was a difficult prospect, considering that a repeat of yesterday loomed large on the horizon, but a good Chords of Steel workout and a hot cup of coffee in the hotel lobby just before the breakfast buffet closed helped him to steel his nerves for the inevitable annoyance.
As he walked to the room where the first panel for which he had signed up was scheduled to occur, notebook in hand, Apollo finally had a moment to lucidly wonder about what he had witnessed this morning while still half-asleep.
He was fairly sure that this was not about Blackquill’s admission – the man had reacted to him completely normally last night when they had been talking, and while tension had reared its head once the defense attorney had exited the bathroom without a shirt, it had not been palpable to such a degree that he would think Blackquill generally had a problem with rather commonplace partial male nudity. Besides, the prosecutor remained unaware that Apollo happened to prefer men, as well, which rendered his obsession with his own upper body staying covered more than a little odd.
Then again… he did recall Blackquill’s words about prison life being one of hardships and desperation when they had been stuck in the courthouse archive months ago, and given the various stereotypes about jail and inmates…

…This isn’t some sort of remnant from him being a survivor of sexual assault, is it?

The thought made his stomach churn – but of course, that was something he could hardly ask Blackquill about directly.
He’s given me a second-hand glimpse of what he went through back then, but who knows how bad it really got? The prosecutor had a way of almost subconsciously falling back into mannerisms learned during his incarceration when stressed, after all, and this might be another one of them.
Apollo found himself wishing that there was some way to distract Blackquill yet again, as he had managed during their confinement as well as last night, but he had no idea how to go about it if his unpleasant imagining turned out to be reality.
What flashed up inside him was not pity, per se, even though it probably contributed to the odd yet fleeting cocktail of emotions which remained just beyond definability.
Well… he knows I’m here to talk. It’s really all I can offer. Perhaps it was because Blackquill was so closed-off if one did not know him well, deflecting personal interest with sarcasm and outright rudeness, but Apollo felt an inexplicable satisfaction whenever the prosecutor did open up, shared his honest thoughts, and perhaps even reacted with a rare smile to his conversation partner’s interest or comments. Easing the burden of memories and current stress, commiserating, offering company – apparently, they had segued from being acquaintances to friendship when he had not been looking.
The thought was gratifying, even though the defense attorney was still bothered by this newest behavioral tic he had witnessed, and its potential origins. However, at this point, he was not at leisure to further contemplate its implications, as he had arrived at the conference room allotted to his panel, and the session was about to start.
***
Saturday passed much like Friday had, with one major exception: Apollo found himself in his final panel together with Blackquill, who had been appointed discussion leader. In that hour-long discussion, there was no rumor mongering – it seemed that the more obnoxious attorneys felt outnumbered, now that both of their targets were in the same room. However, the prosecutor had more than one underhanded remark thrown at him, and deflected them much like he did in court: With incisive comments dripping with derision, and unpleasant smirks which hinted at the fact that the respective rude commenter better not happen upon Blackquill in a dark corridor by himself. Apollo knew that he was glaring daggers at these people more than once, as well, and had been tempted to speak up here and there, but ultimately refrained – who knew whether his companion in this misery would appreciate it if he tried coming to his aid?
When the allotted time finally drew to a close, two people had already left without so much as politely excusing themselves, and only one participant of eight overall thought it necessary to thank Blackquill for his time, something which had been de rigeur for all other panel leadersin the other sessions Apollo had attended. Finally, only the two of them remained in the room.
Watching Blackquill collect his papers, his expression unreadable, the defense attorney quietly observed, “They really don’t have any problem with being jerks to your face, do they?”
His companion’s movements stilled for a moment as he shot Apollo a quick, probing glance; then, he concentrated on his task once more.
“It is the lot one bears for acquiring infamy. I was never under any illusions that my exoneration would universally be received with open arms.”
That doesn’t make it fair. Apollo almost said these words aloud, but knew the moment he thought them that they amounted to nothing – life was not fair, and there was no way to convince someone of something of which they actively did not want to be convinced. Some of these men saw Blackquill as a criminal, as the reason their own reputations had been tarnished by association, and his motives and proven innocence mattered little to them.
He sighed quietly, before inquiring, “Well, now that the thoroughly unpleasant part of the day is over, how about dinner and a drink or three?”
The prosecutor’s responding small, split-second smile felt like a victory.
“A capital idea if I have ever heard one.”
After a quick return to their room to leave their notes there, they departed for the restaurant Blackquill had mentioned the day before.
***
An hour and a half later, Apollo pushed back his plate, stomach pleasantly full and thoughts in a content lull due to the wine which they had ordered to go with dinner. Once again, the prosecutor’s words had proved to be correct: This particular eatery was unassuming from the outside, but had a very pleasant ambiance, delicious yet affordable food, and alcoholic beverages at affordable prices. Additionally, it happened to be far enough away from the hotel that no other conference participants were in evidence.
“Thanks for taking me here, this place is great.”
Blackquill took another sip of wine. “My pleasure.”
Apollo fiddled with the stem of his glass. “Well… we’ve got one more day of this to go.”
“How did you put it last night? ‘You had to go and remind me.’” Blackquill’s voice was dryer than a desert.
The defense attorney could not help but snort as he reached for the bottle for a refill. “Sorry about that. At least we’re through more than half of it by now.”
“Is that an attempt at optimistic thinking? ‘The glass is half-full’ and similarly empty adages?”
Apollo shrugged. “Maybe they’re empty, but a bit of looking on the bright side never hurt anything.”
“That does not coincide with my experiences.” Blackquill’s voice had become quieter by an infinitesimal amount; Apollo doubted that he would have been able to tell at all just a few weeks ago. “I find it preferable to expect the worst and be pleasantly surprised when it does not occur. Take the UR-1 retrial. Mightn’t optimism on my part have proved to be crippling?”
“Huh?”
The prosecutor’s eyes strafed the other patrons of the restaurant, and his tone lowered in volume even more as he stated matter-of-factly, “When I was forced into my confession, Athena almost got convicted for murder. When she testified, only a minor detail noticed by your superior proved the existence of a third person. This third person turned out to be my old nemesis, and the cowardly changeling was shown to have been working side by side with me for the better part of a year. Not only that, there seemed to be no way to directly link him to the murders. I failed multiple times that day, and although my pessimistic bent is not such that I would have given up without facing the battle presented to me head-on, optimism could have been insidious. If I had, in my heart of hearts, believed that everything would end well, would I have been able to enter the battlefield with my mind honed? Would Athena and I have been able to ultimately play the Phantom for a fool, after he had fooled us both for so long? Encroaching despair can be useful. If one harnesses it instead of being overwhelmed by it, it can provide focus. Likewise, this conference might be a gathering of witless buffoons without a single worthwhile thing to say, but if I thought of it in terms of it being over soon, I would lose my edge in the midst of the final onslaught.”
Apollo nodded slowly. “That makes sense. I guess I’m kind of like that in court, too. I mean… obviously, I believe my clients are innocent, but proving it seems hopeless so often… The worst case for me was probably the pilot trial for the juror system, People v. Misham. When Vera collapsed due to atroquinine poisoning right there on the witness stand… it all seemed so pointless at that time. Still, giving up was not an option, it never is until the verdict. And then, she was found not guilty and woke up from her coma, and Mr. Wright was proved innocent of evidence forgery. Did I expect the outcome? No. Did I even dare hope for it? Of course not. Maybe optimism just isn’t for our field… stubbornness is everything, though.”
He sighed. “Of course, it all came at the expense of being reminded yet again that my mentor was a ruthless, calculating murderer. I keep asking myself why I didn’t see it before, why my perceptive ability didn’t tell me anything…”
Blackquill wordlessly signaled the waiter, who came by with a second bottle of wine.
After refilling both of their glasses, the prosecutor closed his eyes for a moment.
“You are eviscerating yourself over something which was impossible to discern. I have met Kristoph Gavin, in court as well as in jail. Until he was returned to his cell from the trial of which you speak and spent the following three days in a completely unhinged state, there was no outward sign that he was a criminal character. Cold calcule earned him his moniker of ‘coolest defense in the West’ and was lauded as a desirable quality. Nothing indicated his derangement, nor his willingness to resort to illegal methods in obtaining his goals.”
It seemed that the alcohol was beginning to have an effect of the prosecutor, as he gulped down half the glass of wine in a single draw before continuing.
“I, like you, have been played for a stooge by someone I assumed to have my best interests in mind. I still find myself wondering often if I missed a clue, if I let emotions and denial cloud my judgment. The only intellectually sound answer to this question is that there is none. Hindsight is perfect, foreknowledge is flawed. Yet, the resulting battle scar remains as a constant reminder.”
Fulbright. Apollo found himself wondering for a moment if Blackquill had thought of the detective – or the person he had assumed to be the detective – in a more-than-friendly manner, considering his remark on ‘emotions and denial.’ If so, that certainly didn’t show in court… then again, that doesn’t mean anything, considering how he treated Athena.
Blackquill made short work of the remainder of the wine in his glass and reached for the bottle yet again; there was now the slightest hint of red high on his cheekbones.
“Even though the blackguard’s unmasking served to free both Athena and myself of our self-assumed culpability and our doubts about the past, uncovering the betrayal… it was again as humiliating as my initial transferal into the clink from the detention center, clad in irons and led past the cells of those I had sent there mere months prior.”
Apollo masked his cringe by taking a long drag from his glass; he could feel his own cheeks heating up slightly due to the alcohol.
“That sounds awful. But… wasn’t being in prison in general humiliating?”
The prosecutor barked out a bitter laugh. “But of course. The first few months are humiliating for everyone, particularly if their crime was minor or, in my case, non-existent. Remember, if you will, my words about newcomers frequently crying and screaming at night.”
He paused for yet another sip of his beverage.
“However, the humiliation is gradually replaced with something one could term ‘prisoner’s pride.’ Escaping ‘fresh meat’ status, being afforded a modicum of respect by the remainder of the population… once it has sunk in that, until the end of one’s sentence, functioning within this society is a necessity, self-preservation tends to override the initial shame. This would be why dramatic movies set in the clink often tell of men’s pride being broken down after running afoul of the wrong people, who then proceed to sexually violate the newcomer in an assertion of power. Thankfully, while I have been involved in some… scuffles… I managed to successfully avoid any incidents of this nature.”
Apollo grabbed the bottle for a refill, and noticed that they were already almost at the bottom of it. While solicitously sloshing the remainder into Blackquill’s glass after filling his own, he thought that he had just received an answer to his questions from this morning without even asking, particularly since he had only sensed an understandable-enough spike of tension from the other man at the term ‘scuffles,’ but nothing had registered when he had stated that he had escaped violation.
His clothing thing has nothing to do with prison rape. It felt like a weight was lifted from his stomach.

Maybe he’ll tell me at some point.

“We should probably go after we’re done with this bottle, unless we wanna go into this with a massive headache tomorrow morning,” he suggested with a lopsided smile.
Blackquill chuckled. “Words of wisdom. We will face the adversary with honed blades for the final skirmish.”
With a snicker of his own, Apollo lifted his glass. “To emerging victoriously.”
The prosecutor’s drinking vessel clinked against his own. “We shall prevail.”
Perhaps Blackquill was not as immune to optimism as he thought, after all.



Chapter 7



Thankfully, the defense attorney and the prosecutor had opted against going to the restaurant by car, Apollo thought more than once on their way back to the hotel; while they were both still walking fairly straight, it was plainly evident that neither one of them was used to imbibing a whole bottle of wine each, even with food.
Blackquill was still ever so slightly flushed, his color actually looking healthy for once, and he seemed more relaxed than his companion had ever witnessed him while awake, even though his speech was still reasonably crisp and his gaze remained focused. Apollo, likewise, felt more at peace with their current situation than he had ever since their arrival, and while he knew that this was most likely due to the alcohol and would fade before going into the final round tomorrow, he could not bring himself to care at this time.
Somehow, he felt compelled to keep up communication by presenting the prosecutor with his decidedly limited repertoire of knock-knock jokes, which nevertheless managed to get a chuckle out of Blackquill on multiple occasions. The day itself might have been terrible, but the evening had been quite enjoyable, all things considered.
Upon their arrival at their hotel room, his companion declared even as he shrugged out of his surcoat and began to unbutton his suit jacket, “I claim first turn in the bathroom tonight, as tomorrow, it is my privilege to rise at the crack of dawn.”
Apollo grimaced. “You’ve got my sympathy. Go ahead.”
He was more than a little surprised when the prosecutor, upon placing the outer layers of his attire on a hanger, proceeded to open his shirt, pulling the shirt tails out of the waistband of his pants in the process.
Should he avert his eyes? Should he try for a more casual glance?
Staring was definitely out. And yet…
Blackquill had a slimmer waist than was usually apparent due to the bulk of his surcoat, but his chest was well-built. Perhaps he was not perfectly defined, but he also was clearly not neglectful in his fitness regime. No excess fat, but not spindly or scrawny. Broad shoulders, narrow hips. A minimum amount of body hair, apparently naturally so and not due to shaving or waxing. Muscles visibly flexing as he was about to let the shirt slide off his arms…
The prosecutor froze.
His eyes met with Apollo’s, and a moment later, Blackquill turned to stride into the bathroom, reaching for a t-shirt in his bag on the way.
The defense attorney let out a breath he had been unaware he had been holding when a clicking sound told him that the door had been locked from the inside.

He forgot for a moment that there was something he didn’t want me to see.

It had probably not been his chest, or he would have registered his companion’s tension much earlier. Instead, the prosecutor had not stiffened in obvious discomfort until he had been about to expose his back.

What could it be?

At present, pondering this question was unreasonably difficult, for images of what Apollo’s roommate had exposed of his torso kept cutting into his attempts at thinking.

This is the alcohol speaking. He’s not unattractive, and I haven’t gotten any in a while. That’s all.

It was clearly also the wine’s fault that Apollo’s thoughts automatically focused on a number of details he had only noticed in passing before, such as the fact that Blackquill’s rather rough-and-tumble hair was not unattractive when falling loosely over his shoulders, that the defense attorney had looked at him quite a bit more than strictly necessarily over the course of the last few days, and that he already found himself wondering how to invite the prosecutor for private meetings more often after this conference without divulging his intentions.
… Hold on. What intentions?
That was definitely the wine speaking.
Trying to keep himself occupied and therefore distracted, the young lawyer busied himself with turning on the air conditioning unit under the window, trying to find a comfortable setting so they would not spend another night sweating.
When Blackquill stepped out of the bathroom, once more in t-shirt, sweatpants, and towel draped over his shoulders with his hair freed from its confines, Apollo barely managed to bring out, “Well, I guess it’s my turn. It’s okay if you turn off the light while I’m in there, I’ll find my way to my bed.”
His roommate looked at him slightly oddly, but the defense attorney pretended not to notice as he walked into the small side chamber and locked the door behind himself.
***
Sunday morning went to hell in a handbasket even faster than Apollo could have ever envisioned the night before.
The day began with a sliver of light falling right onto his shut eyelids, getting brighter and brighter and eventually forcing him into wakefulness.
He had apparently not heard Blackquill’s alarm and departure, as the bed on the other side was already abandoned, the covers neatly folded.
Without bothering to look at the neon display of his own clock, still drowsy and eyes half-closed, Apollo stumbled out of bed; suddenly, he really needed to take a leak.
He pulled the bathroom door open while attempting to talk himself into being fully awake –
Blackquill had not left yet, and had forgone locking the door, likely because he had not expected his roommate to be among the living just yet. He was currently standing in front of the sink mirror in nothing but a pair of boxer shorts, shaving – and with no preamble, no warning, and not so much as an invitation, Apollo beheld what it had been the prosecutor had been trying to hide.
There was an impossibly long, jagged scar, which looked in places as though one edge of it had just been haphazardly pasted over the other during the healing process, running from Blackquill’s right shoulder to his left hip bone, bisecting his back. Even though it was evident that the injury was not fresh, the damaged tissue still glowed an angry red against the pale background of unharmed skin.
The prosecutor’s head whipped around to him, razor still held at the height of his face but completely forgotten, and he hissed through gritted teeth, “OUT!”
Apollo could feel himself blushing red as a tomato as he immediately heeded the venomous command, closing the door once more with an audible noise.
He would not get another glimpse of his roommate this morning, as Blackquill had apparently taken all of his attire, including his boots, into the room with him, and left through the front door without so much as stepping back toward the beds.
***
Throughout his various panels of the day, none of which involved the prosecutor, Apollo could not shake the concern that his misstep this morning had crossed an imaginary line drawn in the sand of Blackquill’s mind. He had not meant to stare, and finding out about his companion’s mutilated back had not been on his agenda, but obviously, he could hardly take back what had happened, even if Blackquill was partly to blame for not locking himself in and Apollo had not been able to hear him inside before opening it. Still, the scar was obviously an incredibly sore point, if the prosecutor voluntarily accepted discomfort such as sleeping in clothes and under covers in an overly warm room to ensure it would not be seen.
Unbidden, he found himself wondering just what it was that Blackquill hid alongside the physical injury. Sure, the jagged red line of puckered tissue was hardly beautifying, but his roommate did not exactly strike Apollo as excessively vain.

I can’t ask. Heck, I don’t even know if he’s gonna talk to me again at all, the way he stormed out this morning without a word.

All he could do at this juncture was to apologize profusely once he returned to the room for the night, and hope that he could make amends. However… if this turned out to be impossible, it would probably be best to save the remainder of his food budget in case he would have to take the bus back home.
Apollo was only startled into fully paying attention to the largely pointless proceedings when, in the middle of the third round table discussion in which he participated, personal conversations began to once again be bandied about.
“Have you been in any of Blackquill’s panels this weekend?”
“No, actually… seemed too dangerous to me, if you know what I mean…”
“Bah, if the organizers didn’t have him collared somehow, they wouldn’t have let him loose on us. Are you afraid of a bit of ineffectual smack talk? That’s all he is, talk.”
“He was only invited for the attention factor anyway. I mean, that guy, an expert? His expertise stems from royally screwing up the case to begin with, and then working with the guy he was supposed to catch for the better part of a year without ever getting wind of it. If it weren’t for his seven years of doing hard time and this whole ‘Twisted Samurai’ myth the press has built up around him, no one would give a damn about the man.”
“Who knows why the Chief Prosecutor of L.A. even allowed him to stand in court again to begin with?”
“Rumor has it the man’s a fruit – maybe Blackquill gives good head, he might have learned how to in prison…”
The derisive laughter which followed this suggestion had Apollo speak up quietly before he could keep himself in check.
“Have any of you been present at the UR-1 retrial?”
The attorney who had insinuated that the prosecutor had regained his position due to sexual favors shook his head with a smirk. “Not exactly official proceedings, were they? Pretty sudden, too. What’s it matter, anyway?”
Apollo glared at him. “You’re running your mouth an awful lot for having second-hand information. If you’re this thorough while defending a client, I’m worried for your track record.”
“Now listen here, boy…”
“No, you will listen to me.” Now, the young defense attorney’s voice rose to almost Chords of Steel volume, shutting the quarrelsome man in the black suit down before he could get any further.
“I work in the same jurisdiction as Blackquill. I was his first opponent when he got permitted to prosecute again. I’ve faced off with him multiple times. I was in the courtroom when his innocence was proven. As someone who opposes him in trials, I should have more than enough reason to dislike him – and I don’t. Because he does what’s right. I’m not aware of a single instance where he went after a defendant when it was clear from the evidence that they were not guilty just to preserve his track record, his incarceration happened because he was protecting a little girl from being wrongly found guilty for the murder of her own mother, whether you believe it or not, and without him preserving vital evidence about the Phantom, the man would still be free to wreak havoc all over the world. Perhaps he’s made his share of mistakes, and at first glance, he comes across as intimidating and more than a little rude, but I can tell you one thing: If I was given the choice to be stuck in a room without escape with either him or a gaggle of gossip mongers who run their mouths about matters they know nothing about, I’d pick him any day of the week.”
Apollo abruptly pushed back his chair and rose. “Feel free to drag me through the mud once I’m out of here – to be entirely honest, I can’t tell you how little your uninformed opinion means to me. Have a pleasant day.”
Silence reigned in the room as the defense attorney stalked over to the door and let himself out.
***
By the time Apollo went to the next panel, his vehement reaction to the continued badmouthing of Blackquill had apparently already spread through the conference grapevine, as he was now subject to a number of incredulous stares, but was spared any further empty-headed gossip. In fact, the groups managed to stay mostly on topic and produce some valid points of view thereafter, and the defense attorney began to wish that he had told off a windbag or two long before this late point in the game. Oh, the conference would have still been a waste of time on the whole, but he could have at least spared himself the constantly elevated blood pressure of suppressed annoyance.
Once the final panel was over and he had left after thanking the panelist in a clipped-but-polite manner, ignoring everyone else in the room, nervousness began to rear its head.

I wonder if he’s back yet.

Apollo did tentatively glance into the entrance of the hotel bar, but no distinctive black surcoat was in evidence. The conference had officially run its course, so there was no additional event which might have required Blackquill’s presence.

Time to try and apologize, I suppose…

However, when he pushed open the door to their shared room, it was empty.
Perhaps he’s out for dinner – or busy avoiding me. Apollo sighed.
He had forgone his shower this morning after the unexpected, sudden breakdown in communication between him and the prosecutor, and was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable in his own skin, so maybe it was time to catch up on his hygiene deficit. Food for himself was out for now, anyway, as he did not know yet whether he would have to pay his way back to L.A., and a shower would help him pass the time.
Scrubbing himself down with soap and washing his hair took about ten minutes, toweling off another five. He did not think that he had heard the door to the room open during this time, and yet, when he emerged from the bathroom in shorts and with a towel slung over his shoulders, he found Blackquill sitting at the foot end of his bed, fleetingly looking over at him before wordlessly averting his gaze once more.
Apollo froze in his tracks for a moment, feeling his cheeks growing warm.
No, dammit, no blushing right now, who knows how he’s going to misinterpret that?
It was not about Blackquill seeing him more than half-naked. It was not about getting an eyeful of the remainder of a gruesome back injury this morning.
It was about the fact that the prosecutor had apparently taken the time to remove his surcoat and suit jacket before seating himself, which reminded Apollo of the unselfconscious way he had proceeded to open his shirt yesterday evening.
Now, it was the defense attorney’s turn to look away in an attempt to force his involuntary reaction back under his control.
Finally, he spoke up. “I… I’m really sorry, I didn’t mean to barge in on you this morning, I thought you were gone already –”
The prosecutor interrupted him in a flat tone. “It has been brought to my attention that an incident involving my name occurred in one of the mid-day panels.”

Uh-oh.

Apollo cringed. “Yeah, that… I just couldn’t keep my mouth shut anymore, listening to the slander –”
Once again, Blackquill spoke up before he could finish. “This incident led to a marked increase in productivity, as well as civility, after its alleged occurrence.”
Silence fell for a few seconds. Then, the prosecutor continued somewhat more quietly after clearing his throat, “My earlier conduct was uncalled for, particularly since I was the one who neglected to lock the door.”
What he did not say aloud with these seemingly unconnected statements was nevertheless clear as day: And yet, in spite of it, you decided to defend me, at the risk of drawing negative attention to yourself.
While Apollo was not sure how to respond to the unspoken portion, he slowly began to realize that the events of this morning had not managed to sever the tacit friendship they had formed.



Chapter 8



Apollo’s relief at not having inadvertently reduced their rapport to rubble now caused a hesitant question to emerge, one that he had thought off-limits mere hours before.
“Why…?”
He stopped himself immediately, but Blackquill had apparently already guessed at the nature of his inquiry.
“What you saw… what I refrain from revealing… is the dividing line between the person I once was, and the person I became.”
Apollo took a step towards the prosecutor. “What do you mean?”
The prosecutor’s eyes were shadowed by his fringe; he still did not meet his companion’s eyes as he began to explain.
“The injury was dealt to me in early summer of 2021. I had only ventured out of my cell when explicitly called upon until that time, as death threats had been issued by other inmates whom I had prosecuted. At least, that was the official reason. In truth, I was in denial. In my naiveté, I thought that willfully ignoring my situation as much as possible would enable me to come to terms with it. Would that I had acknowledged the grounds for the special dispensation from the warden to remain in my private confines as a serious concern. On that day, I finally decided to abandon my coping strategy, as it was obviously not bearing fruit. I was careless, thinking that my prior prowess with the blade would enable me to sense and forestall attacks. I expected a sneak approach. Instead, I was openly accosted by a group of five in the yard, and was promptly wrestled to the ground. The guards paid it no mind that four prisoners were holding a fifth down by his extremities, until the only man not occupied with pinning me drew a shank. Violence among inmates by itself may not immediately be addressed on all occasions; however, possession of a deadly weapon always must be. The scuffle was only dissolved after I had already sustained the injury you have seen.”
Apollo gulped. They saw you being held down, and decided to look away…? You can kill someone without a shiv easily enough if you gang up on them five on one! Then again, they were talking about Blackquill here, a man despised by the justice system and thought to be irredeemable after his conviction. A number of people would not have been too heartbroken, had he met with an unfortunate accident, which the guards had regrettably not seen until it was too late…
The prosecutor continued, “As prison-made weaponry is fashioned from a variety of materials, often anything but meticulously clean, the wound became infected, leaving me at death’s door for the better part of two weeks. After the fever broke and I regained lucidity, I realized that part of me had, in fact, fled this world for the next. The ability to trust either myself or others had been annihilated, as had the pleasant idea that my noble cause, the thought that I was doing the right thing, would sustain me until the end. Idealism mutated into cynicism, confidence into a mask which could have rivaled any of the Phantom’s creations, and my potential for empathy was displaced by calculation, and the drive to defy those who wished a premature death on me.”
Blackquill looked up, and there was an unrestrained quality in his eyes which sent a cold shiver down Apollo’s spine. “The clink does not create monsters. People do. Most seem to labor under the impression that the moniker of ‘Twisted Samurai’ was initially applied to me due to my alleged offense, or because of my attaining permission to practice law while incarcerated. In fact, it was coined by the guards after I exacted my revenge on the men who had attempted to kill me. While the thought of murdering them never crossed my mind, they never fully recovered from what I did visit upon them. Do not ask me what it was – I do not think that I feel at ease to venture into this particular topic even now. In any case, I had accepted my new role, and had lost myself in the process. Certainly, I was able to feign normalcy to Aura during the occasional half-hour she deigned to visit, but as far as I was concerned, the man I had been when I had gone to jail had lost his life in the shanking.”
He sighed. “This shift… it enabled me to pass the years largely free of the grief I had initially experienced, to deaden apprehension, to be who I needed to be, the indelible mark carved into me an ever-present reminder. And yet… had it not been for Athena’s return, which served to awaken memories I had thought long since buried, perhaps death would have been more apt for the person I had become. Perhaps my conduct was my way of courting it. When she reappeared, I knew it was to prove my innocence, and while I was obviously unable to confide in her, I began to attempt readjusting my comportment to its prior unsullied state by placing a measure of trust in someone who seemed not particularly bright, but overall harmless to my causes.”
Apollo could barely keep from cringing. Fulbright… no, the Phantom. It was amazing Blackquill could bring himself to trust anyone anymore, as badly as he had been burned there.
Gray eyes closed for a long moment. “My urge to hide what you have seen... while it is mostly symbolic to me and me alone, I cannot reconcile with what it represents. In prison, it was a mark of shame due to the lack of vigilance it attested to, as well as a silent reminder that being unguarded, trusting, was to be avoided at all costs. Now, the tables have turned, and it never ceases to remind me of the loathsome creature I became in order to survive, one not entirely unlike Kristoph Gavin, or perhaps even the Phantom himself – hidden behind a mask, emotionlessly working towards my goals, unmoved by the suffering of those in my wake. Rather than being a mere old injury, it stands for the breach in my personality, which has not yet – and perhaps never will – fully heal.”
When Blackquill looked up at Apollo again, the flicker of danger was gone from his gaze; instead, its regular intensity seemed to have dimmed in tired resignation. “I suppose that, rather than concealing it from you, I could have downplayed its significance instead. However… old habits are hard to break, as you well know, and I have sought to avoid any and all questions about it which could lead to my disclosing its nature up until this point.”
The defense attorney was completely lost for words.
The scar represents all of your suffering, every single thing you’ve had to endure, and even the aftereffects you’re still experiencing. Who wouldn’t try to hide all that away? Particularly since Blackquill was still not particularly given to trusting most people.
And yet… he had just committed to revealing the truth to Apollo, a truth which, it had sounded like, no one else had ever learned from him. Not his sister, not Athena, not Chief Prosecutor Edgeworth. A truth which was thoroughly unpleasant, but, in its stark humanity, did not invite pity so much as second-hand pride in the fact that Blackquill had ultimately been able to triumph over the person he had been forced to become, in spite of all adversity, even if he seemed to believe that this was not yet the case. Obviously, the prosecutor was waiting for a negative reaction to his tale, some sort of expression of disgust or fear – but nothing was further from his roommate’s mind.
Before he knew it, Apollo had sat down next to Blackquill on the foot end of the bed. He asked quietly, “May I… may I see it once more?”
When the prosecutor’s eyes narrowed slightly, he hastened to continue, “I’m not trying to ogle or anything! It’s just… this is all quite a bit to take in, and I’m trying to understand, even if I probably won’t ever fully be able to…”
Gray eyes scrutinized him sharply for a few endless seconds, probing for a hidden agenda behind the request, but eventually, Blackquill seemed satisfied with whatever he had discerned, for his hands moved up to begin unbuttoning his shirt.
When Apollo’s eyes fell on the first sliver of pale skin, he realized that the wine had not had all that much to do with his reaction upon first seeing the prosecutor’s bared chest, a fact that now presented him with a problem potentially becoming visible.
In order to distract himself, he knelt on the mattress and scooted back slightly, ostensibly to get a better view of Blackquill’s back.
Instead of merely letting the crisp white shirt slide halfway off his back for a short moment to satisfy his companion’s curiosity, the prosecutor proceeded to remove his tie and loosen the cuff buttons, completely taking off the piece of clothing and discarding it on the floor. At first, most of the jagged, raised line was obscured by his hair, but then, he pulled the untidy ponytail aside, and Apollo got an up-close look at the extent of the damage.
He swallowed hard. “My god… it’s a miracle you survived that.”
The cut had obviously been deep; it looked like an amateur attempt at butchery. It was evident that there had initially been stitches, but that they had been forced out of shape by the swelling of the infection. The scar was almost an inch wide in places, far darker in color than the surrounding tissue, and the overlapping of skin here and there made it look as though some hapless nurse had ended up supergluing Blackquill’s back together again.
Apollo’s fingers twitched forward of their own accord, and he only just managed to remember his manners, asking before making contact, “Can I touch it?”
Blackquill exhaled audibly at his question, the sound enough to suddenly fill his companion’s stomach with angry butterflies.

Oh damn.

The prosecutor’s words did not help to alleviate Apollo’s rapidly awakening excitement.
“…Do as you please.” His voice’s timbre was slightly lower than usual, vibrating with the most minuscule of strains.
The odd mood between them persisted when the young defense attorney’s fingertips lightly ran over the unevenly healed ridge of raised tissue from Blackquill’s shoulder blade to the point where the fading lower end of the scar vanished underneath the waistband of his pants. As he drew them back up, this time slightly to the side, at the border of healthy and damaged skin, Apollo murmured, “Does it still hurt sometimes?”
He could feel, rather than see, Blackquill shaking his head ever so slightly. “The physical pain has long since ceased, although the skin surrounding the scarring is, and will likely remain… exceedingly sensitive.”
Apollo would have had to be deaf to miss the way the prosecutor’s breathing had just hitched. Still, his fingers continued on their path, now not merely concerned with mapping out the old injury anymore.
After he had once more let his hand run downward along the other side of the scar, Blackquill shifted slightly, and his voice sounded rough as he warned, “If you would prefer to preclude embarrassment for both of us, halting your current actions would be more than advisable.”
Blackquill-ese for “I’m getting horny.” Apollo did not need to be Athena to be able to hear that much.
He did not want to stop. In fact, at the moment, he wanted to add to what he was doing – and found himself doing so without hesitation.
A second later, his mouth joined his fingers on the prosecutor’s back, beginning to kiss a trail up along the scar and deliberately huffing breath on the residual moisture his attentions left behind.
Blackquill’s muscles quickly tensed under the new sensation, and he turned in a flurry of motion. Suddenly, Apollo’s wrists were caught in his companion’s iron grip and he was hoisted up on the bed until the back of his head hit the pillow, his hands pinned inescapably a few inches to the left and right of his temples.
The prosecutor was kneeling above him now, his expression unreadable.
“Did Athena put you up to this?”
Apollo immediately protested. “What? … No!”

She did though, kind of…

Blackquill’s rising eyebrow spoke volumes: He had picked up on the minuscule span of hesitation in Apollo’s denial caused by that thought, and did not buy the negation.
The defense attorney sighed. “Okay, she sort of does play a part in all this, but not like that. She told me she was lobbying for more friendly acquaintances for you months ago, and since we got on all right after our little misadventure in the archive, I pretty much didn’t see a good reason to tell her I was out. And then, of course, she told me you were coming here right after Mr. Wright said he wanted me to attend, and I have a feeling that she had something like this in mind, but… to be honest, when I first got what she’s been giggling and fibbing about whenever we were talking about you, back in the car on the way up when you told me, I decided that I wouldn’t play into her hands.”
He smiled lopsidedly. “I guess that resolution just didn’t end up working out.”
Blackquill sighed in exasperation. “I had been wondering why she inquired as to my thoughts on you on a regular basis. I should have seen it coming.”
His tension seemed to have abated somewhat after hearing Apollo’s response and apparently considering it to have been honest. Still, he did not let go of the defense attorney’s wrists.
“A warning: If you believe that I am desperate enough to satisfy what is but passing curiosity, you are sorely mistaken.”
That got Apollo to shake his head with a small smile. “Don’t tell me you still believe I’m straight. Do you really think Athena would try to play matchmaker with us in that case, instead of still trying to set me up with Juniper?”
He managed to lift his torso off the mattress in spite of not being able to push himself up, narrowing the distance between Blackquill’s face and his own, and breathed, “Feel free to reach down and check if I’m interested…”
To his surprise, the prosecutor heeded his suggestion after grasping both of Apollo’s wrists tightly with one large hand above his head, ensuring that his arms were still immovable. The defense attorney moaned quietly when his erection was cupped and gently rubbed through his shorts.
Now, Blackquill’s expression was one of mild incredulity. “This… is unexpected. Your reasons?”

Translation: Why me?

Great, now he’s making me think.
Not the easiest of feats when there had just been a hand stroking his cock through a single soft layer of fabric, a hand which still rested against the bulge in his underwear.
Apollo smiled. “I knew I appreciated your company after the archive, but I just realized over the last few days that I happen to like you quite a bit more than I thought, I guess – and when I got to see you in fewer clothes for the first time, I was sold.”
Blackquill pondered his answer for a long moment, likely attempting to dissect it and probe for any indication that this new development was motivated by something other than the reasons the defense attorney had just given.
Is it that difficult to believe that someone might actually like you, or likes looking at you – or both?
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Blackquill’s fingers withdrew from his crotch, only to curl themselves around the back of Apollo’s neck.
“… Is that so?” The smirk on the prosecutor’s lips was imbued with amusement, and the rough whisper in which he had uttered his question made Apollo’s breath stall. He lifted his head slightly, the space between them diminishing into nonexistence.
“Yeah. Do you have a problem with that?”
The side of Blackquill’s nose settled against the defense attorney’s, and their lips brushed lightly with every breathed syllable of his response.
“Not at all.”
Then, words became impossible, as the two men’s mouths met in a hungry, borderline bruising kiss.



Chapter 9



Apollo put as much into the kiss as Blackquill did, simultaneously pulling hard on his still-trapped wrists until they finally slipped out of the prosecutor’s slackening grip.
Only when his fingers began to card through the long black ponytail, which now haphazardly fell over one pale shoulder, did the situation fully dawn on him in a moment of clarity entirely uncharacteristic for when he was intimate with someone.

I’m kissing the ‘Twisted Samurai.’ I’m probably about to do a whole lot more… with Simon Blackquill.

The thought alone was nearly as exciting as feeling the man’s tongue in his mouth. He had never been one for one-night stands, this had developed much more suddenly than the few prior relationships he had been in, always speaking that that was what this was, and Apollo had been the one to drive it to this point – an entirely novel situation in more ways than one, and the thrill of realization sent an additional flash of arousal through him.
Blackquill, meanwhile, had moved his now-free hand underneath the small of Apollo’s back, propping him up slightly to where their still-covered erections brushed against each other.
With a moan, the defense attorney rolled his hips up against the rigid length above, his eyes blinking open only to see Blackquill’s close, delighting in the groan he had drawn out of the prosecutor.
A moment later, their kiss was interrupted and he was let back down to the mattress.

Did he get cold feet…?

Apollo’s momentary concern was immediately swallowed up by renewed bliss when thin, somewhat chapped lips made contact with his neck and gradually began kissing their way down across his throat while tousled, slightly-too-long bangs tickled along the underside of his chin. He gasped when the edge of teeth scraped over his Adam’s apple for a moment, and then, the hand which had been at his back moved around his hip to unhesitatingly sneak underneath the elastic waistband of his boxer shorts, long fingers closing around his cock.
“Ah!”
He could not swallow the wordless exclamation which escaped him at the first firm upstroke, which was followed by Blackquill’s hand establishing a quick rhythm; whenever he managed to open his eyes, he saw the prosecutor watching his face intently. His companion’s pupils were dilated far enough to almost swallow up his flint-colored irises, his lips were slightly parted, his expression rapt.
Apollo began to progress towards the verge – and sought to stop Blackquill’s attentions when he realized that, aside from being the first to initiate touch, and aside from some satisfying tongue acrobatics, he had yet to actively participate.
“S…”
It felt strange to try and gather the gumption to address the prosecutor by his given name for the first time, even though said prosecutor’s hand was currently in his underwear, expertly jerking him off, but simply saying ‘stop’ might appear as though he wanted to stop for good, which was definitely not on Apollo’s agenda, and ‘Prosecutor Blackquill’ would obviously come across as a bit strange at this juncture.
“…Simon…”
The delicious friction on his cock stalled, although Blackquill’s fingers did not leave his rigid shaft. When Apollo was able to refocus his gaze, he found the prosecutor looking at him in unspoken question.
“This is kind of not fair – I’m having all of the fun here…”
Apparently, the man’s trademark smirk also came in a sexy variant.
“Nothing could be further from the truth. Also… are you suggesting that this is a quid pro quo ‘thing?’”
Apollo pushed himself up slightly to be able to kiss that smirk off of Blackquill’s face, which he managed in surprisingly short order.
“Sort of, yeah,” he murmured against the skin of his companion’s neck afterwards. “I just think it’d be even more enjoyable than it already is if things were even for now…”
The prosecutor’s fingers trailed up on the underside of his cock, causing his breathing to quicken.
“Your point…?”
Instead of answering, Apollo straightened slightly and reached for Blackquill’s belt, and his companion caught on to his intentions right away. For a moment, two sets of hands busied themselves shoving black dress pants down over narrow hips, only to then reach for the respective other man’s underwear.
When finally, every last shred of impeding clothing had been discarded, the defense attorney let himself fall back to the mattress, pulling Blackquill along and letting out a small groan when the prosecutor’s full weight came to a rest on top of him.
“You’re heavier than you look.”
The winded observation netted him a chuckle. “Given the situation, would it count as a pun if I said ‘You brought this on yourself?’”
Apollo grinned. “Would it be intellectual property theft if I used the word ‘silence’ to shut you up so you can get back to kissing me?”
Blackquill snorted. “The cheek of you.”
“Silence.”
The young attorney got his wish; instead of any further verbal response, his companion’s mouth descended on his.
Blackquill kissed like he spoke: precisely, but with a demanding edge which managed to stall Apollo’s thought processes on the double.
Then, he could feel the prosecutor’s hips shifting on top of his own, and…
Both men groaned in unison when their cocks made contact, now without any barriers between them. In unspoken agreement, they began bucking against each other, at first as each of them saw fit, but eventually, Blackquill took the lead by grasping the defense attorney’s hips and guiding them into a quick, clipped, altogether irresistible rhythm.
Apollo clutched at broad shoulders and strong upper arms as he once more felt his orgasm approaching, lost in the sensations of the prosecutor’s lips and tongue driving him to distraction with forceful kisses, their bare chests being in constant contact, skin sliding over heated skin, fingers digging in around his hipbones as their movements together became more urgent, working each other into a frenzy, their kisses disintegrating as they panted into each other’s mouths –
Blackquill was the first to succumb to their motions. Reaching between them, he grasped both of their erections with one large hand, increasing the already maddening friction with a few firm strokes. Suddenly, his movements stalled, and Apollo could feel his companion’s cock twitching against his even in the tight grip in which he held both of their lengths. A moment after that, the prosecutor rasped out a long, low groan with his eyes clenched shut, and his cum spurted warmly onto the skin of Apollo’s lower abdomen.
The defense attorney felt like screaming in frustration when his companion’s grasp on their cocks loosened and slipped away, when he was so, so close to his own release.

You were gonna get me off first, and now that you’ve come, I get to take care of myself?

The hint of annoyance that welled up inside him was instantly swallowed up by renewed excitement when Blackquill began to slide down on his body, leaving a liberal amount of kisses and the occasional nip on Apollo’s neck, chest, and stomach.

You aren’t going to…?

In fact, the prosecutor was planning to do exactly what he was envisioning. Warm, thin lips closed around his straining length, and Apollo’s resulting moan was loud enough to almost qualify as Chords of Steel volume.
Oh. Oh. God - !
In all the terrible comments this weekend, there had been one assumption about Blackquill that was definitely true: The man was excellent at giving head. Even while he let his lips run up and down on Apollo’s shaft, cheeks slightly hollowed for just the right amount of suction, his tongue worked its way across the underside, flicking over the sensitive spot right below the tip again and again. The defense attorney’s fingers twitched downward to claw themselves into long black hair, his hips beginning to lift off the bed as he approached the end, his lungs incapable of drawing in enough air, his moans sounding to his own ears as though they came incredibly far away, his vision narrowing…
When Apollo’s orgasm slammed into him, he somehow had the presence of mind to lift a hand to his lips, muffling a shout which would have easily been audible in the surrounding rooms otherwise. Blackquill never slowed, sucking him until he had completely spent himself in the prosecutor’s mouth and only pulling away just when oversensitivity threatened to set in.
Apollo was still in the process of catching his breath with his eyes closed when he sensed the prosecutor’s gaze on him. Looking down, he found an inscrutable expression on Blackquill’s features.
It took him a moment to realize what was going on. He’s wondering if I already regret what we did just now.
He did not. Even though it had been completely unforeseen and unforeseeable before this weekend had begun, even if he had played into Athena’s hands in the end, even if letting others in on this would probably net him his fair share of stares and mumblings behind raised hands… he did not regret it one bit.
Pushing himself to a sitting position, Apollo reached for Blackquill’s shoulder with one hand, hoping that the prosecutor was not about to push him away because he had come to his senses and decided that this had been nothing more than a misstep on his part. However, as soon as his palm made contact with pale skin, he could feel an arm settling at his lower back, propping him up.
Still, his companion did not move any closer of his own volition, looking at the defense attorney wordlessly until he felt compelled to say something.
“What are you thinking about?”
The corners of Blackquill’s mouth twitched upwards slightly. “I suppose you could say that I find myself somewhat nonplussed regarding this development.”
Apollo laughed quietly. “Same here, believe me.”
He then decided to test the post-orgasmic waters by leaning forward and bringing their lips together for a kiss much softer than those they had traded earlier, attempting to let the man on the bed with him know without words that, should he be interested in this continuing beyond their very enjoyable activities just now, he, for one, would not be averse to trying.
He was surprised when Blackquill responded in kind while callused fingertips slowly ran up his spine.
The man you became in the clink, the man you fear you still are, wouldn’t do this. Wouldn’t be like this.
The prosecutor still utilized a number of coping mechanisms from his prison days, true. If he was goaded into lashing out, he could be positively vicious, certainly. However, it was not as though this kind of thing happened without provocation – and his touch right now, tentative and gentle, spoke of the honorable, upright young man who had carried a little girl away from the scene of an unspeakable crime, rather than the coldly amused, almost unflappable presence smirking at his opponents from across the courtroom. It was just that most people did not make the effort to get close enough to Blackquill to see this side of him – not that that was surprising, as the dismissive façade that had sustained him in prison discouraged any attempts in that regard from the start. Still, Apollo found himself thankful that he had managed, even if the first approach had happened in a setting where they had been forced to spend a seemingly endless weekend in each other’s presence due to being locked in together.
He drew back slightly with a smile. “Maybe we should hit the hay – after all, we have to check out tomorrow morning…”
Blackquill nodded. “That seems prudent. However, I will have to avail myself of the shower first.”
“I could probably use another one, too, considering.” Apollo snickered. “Wanna share?”
A thin black eyebrow rose behind disheveled bangs. “Are you propositioning me… again?”
The prosecutor received a broad grin in return. “If you want to understand it that way…”
Truth be told, Apollo had not meant to initially insinuate anything beyond his desire to stay close with his suggestion, but the idea of another round was beginning to sound tempting.
They proceeded into the bathroom without another word, and the defense attorney wound up on his knees with Blackquill’s cock in his mouth for most of their time under the cascading water; after all, he had suggested that this was a quid pro quo affair, and he had been the only one to receive a blowjob earlier. Although he doubted that he was anywhere near as good at this, the prosecutor’s hand on the back of his head, fingers twined into his hair, and the stifled groans reverberating off of the tiled walls told him that his efforts were definitely appreciated, even before warm cum hit the back of his tongue. His companion apparently also remembered his words, and seemed to think that they should be even in number of climaxes, as well; while Apollo was once again shampooing his hair after getting to his feet, his eyes closed, he could feel fingers closing around his long-since-hard length, and he came under their quick, experienced strokes before he had even rinsed out all of the suds.
The two men took turns toweling off and brushing their teeth in the limited space, and finally left the small side room, Apollo a few steps ahead of the prosecutor.
Upon approaching their beds, the defense attorney noticed that Blackquill was promptly steering towards his own sleeping stead, which they had just christened and which still reeked fairly strongly of musk and sweat, and halted his approach with a single word.
“Simon.”
The prosecutor’s first name still felt unfamiliar on his tongue if not followed by his family name; he supposed it would likely for a short while yet, particularly since he still referred to the man as Blackquill in his thoughts. After all, he did not have any prior experience with an intimate relationship sneaking up on him like this.
This time, the defense attorney received a verbal answer to the appellation.
“What is it, Justice-do… Apollo?”
Obviously, Blackquill, no, Simon, had the same difficulty, although it was good to know that they were apparently in agreement on the use of first names, given what had just transpired between them.
Wordlessly, the young attorney scooted over to the far side of the bed, leaving ample space for a second person.
For a long moment, his companion remained motionless, seemingly unsure as to whether or not he should accept the unspoken invitation, but finally, after turning off the bedside lamp on the other side of the room, the prosecutor stepped over to join him and stretched out on his side, facing Apollo.
“Well… good night.”
The last remaining light in the room blinked out. A few minutes later, a pale arm settled over the slightly darker skin of a wiry midriff.



Chapter 10



Apollo woke nestled against a firm body, deep and regular breath causing a few short strands of his own hair to flutter against his left ear. He needed a few drowsy seconds to recall what had happened last night.

Huh.

It was not that regret had finally reared its ugly head; he just still had a hard time wrapping his head around the fact that not only had he gotten off with a certain Prosecutor Simon Blackquill last night, but that neither one of them had ended up deciding right away that this was going to be a one-off that would not be spoken of from this time forward.
Now that he was emerging from his sleepy haze, relaxed and content in his position, he thought back over how all of this had developed, starting as a necessary coping mechanism to fend off old demons, progressing over a multitude of shared meals in amiable acquaintance, which had really already been friendship even though he had only recognized it as such when it had long since formed, and ending up in a sudden escalation to physical intimacy.
If he had not been one of the people in this relationship, Apollo thought, he might have even seen it coming over the last couple of days, if only to a limited degree. However, he had always been sort of bad at recognizing interest in his prior partners before they had veritably rubbed his nose in it. Perhaps he had taken Simon’s words of having no ‘untoward motives’ at the beginning of this weekend at face value merely because the tension which had accompanied them could have arisen from a number of things, including the fact that the casual disclosure of his homosexuality had happened at what he had felt to be a rather unfortunate time.
Furthermore, Apollo’s prior relationships, or at least the few short entanglements he acknowledged as such, had all begun in fireworks of emotions, only to fizzle out just about as quickly. The prosecutor in his bed, on the other hand, seemed to have snuck into his thoughts and feelings gradually, underneath the radar, in the guise of friendly care, indignation at his treatment by others, and a progressively more relaxed attitude towards each other. Even now, their dealings with each other felt more like they had the potential to build from here, rather than to only go downhill. Perhaps that was exactly why this thing was worth a try, in all its novelty and outward oddness.
Apollo smiled when, just as he had reached the end of his thoughts, the arm around his waist tightened slightly, and the exhales near his ear changed in rhythm.
“Morning.”
He did not immediately receive an answer, but had a feeling he knew why: Simon had his own thinking to do.
I just hope he’s not going to decide now that this is too weird or awkward… Granted, it had not seemed that way last night, but they had still been in the middle of the developing situation, so to speak.
However, after a few interminable seconds, a low voice, still rough with disuse from sleep, responded, “Good morning.” The greeting was followed by a shadow falling on his face, alongside a few strands of long black hair.
The feeling of relief Apollo indulged in for a moment would have clued him in on the fact that he was invested in this, even if he would have been predisposed to expecting a more dramatic beginning in line with his prior experiences.
After a leisurely kiss, he looked over at the alarm clock, which he had forgotten to set last night; thankfully, they had not slept through check-out time.
“I think we need pack up here soon – it’s past 8:30.”
At that point, Apollo’s stomach decided to join the conversation, as well, reminding him that he had shamefully neglected it last night by forgoing dinner for other activities.
Simon chuckled. “It seems that we will also require breakfast.”
Slightly ashamed by the sudden involuntary noise, the defense attorney agreed. “That’d be nice.”
They managed to get dressed and make it to the counter for check-out on time. No one affiliated with the conference seemed to have noticed the additional small surcharge on the prosecutor’s room, or perhaps the organizers simply could not be bothered to care enough to face down Simon directly just for its sake.
At any rate, they pulled out of the Regal Hotel’s parking lot soon thereafter, in search of something to eat, since they were in no mood to stay any longer than necessary, in case any of the other attendants were still around. As luck would have it, the first establishment they found after reaching the outskirts of town and escaping the morning commute happened to be a Denny’s.
This time around, Simon and Apollo waited to be seated.
Once they had been appointed a table, the former shook his head with a minute smile. “I am getting a sense of déjà vu.”
The defense attorney could not suppress a snicker. “Except I don’t think we’ll eat like hungry wolves and scare the bejesus out of everyone else.”
“Speak for yourself.”
Apollo was quite aware that Simon was not referring to the ‘eating’ part of his statement.
“They’re missing out, then.”
The words had come out before he had been able to stop himself.
The smile made a reappearance, slightly wider this time.
“While I am unsure about that particular sentiment… given that it is expressed by someone whose opinion is of some personal interest, it outweighs that of multiple strangers.”
This was probably the most direct verbal expression of regard Apollo could expect for the time being – not that he did not understand the impulse to keep things implicitly understood, rather than engaging in sickening mushiness. It seemed he and Simon were quite alike in that regard.
Since they were hungry, but not positively starved, they managed to keep up a conversation while eating, and the defense attorney noticed that, by the time he was about to clean his plate, nobody else seemed to be paying attention to them anymore, even if a number of eyes had rested on them upon their arrival.
Perhaps Athena’s plan, even if it turned out to have been a fib, was not entirely without merit.
Athena.
Apollo’s mien darkened.
“Is something bothering you?” Apparently, Simon had picked up on his change in mood.
“I was just wondering what to do about her.”
The grin he was thrown in response was positively mischievous.
“Ah yes, our self-appointed fairy godmother, as it were. There is something she told me which might be potentially of use, should you be interested in bringing it into play to get even…”
***
As they had left the greater Sacramento area at about 10:30 and traffic was comparatively tame, they managed to make it back to L.A. by four, avoiding the late afternoon rush hour by a hair. Seeing that the Wright Anything Agency would still be open for another hour, Apollo asked to be dropped off there instead of his apartment. After a quick kiss and an arrangement to meet for dinner after they both got their affairs in order at their respective workplaces, the defense attorney began climbing the stairs to the third floor while the car pulled out of the small parking lot in front of the building.
Trucy and Athena, the former of which had recently returned from school, looked up at him from their spot on the couch as he opened the door, the carrying strap of his travel bag slung over his right shoulder.
“Welcome back, Polly!” The young magician greeted.
His junior colleague also chimed in. “Hey, good to have you back! How was it?”
Apollo tried his hardest to maintain a neutral expression, as well as a calm state of mind, as he answered, “It could’ve been worse. I need to talk to Mr. Wright, is he in?”
Trucy seemed to not have cottoned on to anything, for she responded in her regular easy-going tone, “Sure, Daddy’s in the study.”
Athena, however, sent him a slightly worried look.
He grinned as he turned away from the two young women, towards the currently closed door to Phoenix Wright’s study.

Thinking that your little plan didn’t work? You’ll probably gloat early enough – but until then, I’m going to have some fun messing with you. Fair is fair.

***
Apollo’s conversation with his superior lasted approximately ten minutes. Somehow, the young attorney managed to not pepper his account of most of the panels in which he had participated with swear words, although it was very tempting to let loose on the worst of the gossip mongers even now that it was all over. He did, however, hint at the fact that Mr. Wright and his agency were not particularly well regarded in some parts, if the rumors spread around the conference had been any indication.
“I see,” his boss finally said with a frown, which only deepened after he saw Apollo’s notes. While the younger lawyer had more than once held a case together thanks to his meticulous jottings during investigations, his notebook attested to the colossal waste of time most panels had been.
Mr. Wright sighed under his breath before asking, “I don’t suppose I want to know how they were running their mouths about your esteemed roommate, do I?”
“No. No, you don’t.” Apollo grimaced. “Let’s just say, they were going easy on us.”
His superior’s corners of the mouth drew downward. “You’re correct, I don’t, in that case. It sounds like, even if that particular conference honors our continent again next year, we’ll do fine without any of us attending it.”
After shaking his head and conjuring his deceptively mild-mannered smile back onto his features, Mr. Wright stated, “You’ve done your share for our little outfit that could this weekend. Go home, relax for the rest of the evening. You’ve more than earned it.”
“I will.” Apollo turned after those two words, pulling the study door closed quietly behind him.
In the meantime, Trucy had left the main room of the Wright Anything Agency office, likely to do her homework or meet with some friend or another, leaving Athena sitting alone on the couch. When she looked up at Apollo, he just raised an eyebrow, saying nothing that would give him away.
His junior associate was not one for prolonged silences; after he failed to say a peep for about ten seconds, she asked, “What? What are you looking at me like that for?”

Don’t get this wrong, or you’re going to blow it before it’s begun.

Without changing his expression, Apollo stated in a deliberately bland tone, “Blackquill and I had some time to compare notes over the weekend, you know…”
She shrugged, apparently also attempting to keep from cluing him in on her rising tension level, but she had never been particularly good at fooling his bracelet.
“So?”
He sent her a grim smile. “We’re not quite as thick as you think we are.”
Now, Athena gulped. “I, uh, I just thought… since you both are… and he always seems so lonely, and you don’t have that many friends aside from us, either, or a significant other, if you know what I mean… y’know, I wasn’t trying to be pushy or anything, but you got along so well after being locked in, and I thought you seemed to be interested, so…”
Apollo leaned against the door frame, channeling one of Simon’s smirks on purpose. “We are both what, exactly? Desperate?”
“No! I mean… oh crap, I didn’t misread you, did I? I was pretty sure you were…”
She didn’t finish the sentence, and after nothing came for a minute, Apollo finished it for her. “Gay? No, you got that right.”
“But then…”
Athena stopped herself after those two syllables, but her colleague already knew it was time to strike at this point.
“Why are we a bit, let’s say, annoyed at the idea that you just have to throw us into the same room and things’ll happen? Hm, let me see… maybe because things aren’t usually as easy as all that? There was some sort of fancy psychological term for all the assumptions you’ve made, wasn’t there? I think Blackquill called it ‘transference of wishful thinking.’ Speaking of ‘wishful thinking,’ he told me something interesting about you pining for a certain Themis prosecutor course student…”
Robin Newman. Come to think of it, the two of them were made for each other, with their abundance of energy, but according to Simon, Athena had been complaining about the aspiring prosecutor apparently not getting hints that were not dropped by way of a sledgehammer, even if she was not uninterested, at least according to her companions.
An outraged expression settled on Athena’s features, alongside a surprisingly quick, yet impressively strongly-hued blush. “That jerk! I told him not to tell anyone else!”
Apollo shrugged. “He didn’t appreciate you telling Trucy, and who knows whom else, about his preferences, either…”
“Wha-? How did you…?”
“Again,” her associate cut into her question, “if you want to hide something from me, you gotta be a bit better at timing your giggle fits. I’ve known you for a while now, and I’m not completely helpless when it comes to reading you – and her – without straight-up catching you in a lie, you know…”
He approached her with firm steps, noting with satisfaction that she shrank slightly into the couch as he drew near.

I guess I’ve been observing him enough to where I can bring the intimidation even without being able to tower over everyone.

Once Apollo stood in front of his junior colleague, he leaned forward and muttered near her ear, “Incidentally, considering that your ‘transference of wishful thinking’ was not off the mark, I suppose Simon and I should at least be a little bit thankful to you for nudging us in the right direction, even if we didn’t appreciate the presumptuousness behind it.”
Athena’s eyes widened at his implied admission, as well as his sudden casual use of the prosecutor’s first name.
“You mean you and he…?”
Apollo stepped back and only threw her a grin over his shoulder for an answer, just before he closed the agency’s front door behind himself.
THE END




Afterword


Works inspired by this one

Conference Conundrum [PODFIC] by gracicah



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



