



confectionery - Xine - Mortal Kombat - All
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

confectionery
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/4259088.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Mortal Kombat - All Media Types, Mortal Kombat (Video Games)
Relationship:
Sub-Zero/Scorpion, Kuai Liang/Hanzo Hasashi, Scorpion/Sub-Zero, Minor or Background Relationship(s), Background Jade/Kitana, Background Johnny/Sonya
Character:
Sub-Zero (Mortal Kombat), Kuai Liang, Scorpion (Mortal Kombat), Hanzo Hasashi, Takahashi Takeda, Frost (Mortal Kombat), Johnny Cage, Cassie Cage, Smoke (Mortal Kombat), Takahashi Kenshi, Sonya Blade, Jackson "Jax" Briggs, Jacqueline Briggs, Raiden (Mortal Kombat), Fujin (Mortal Kombat), Kung Lao, Kung Jin
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Ice Cream Parlors, POV Third Person Limited, Character Study, Cameos, Slow Build, Romantic Comedy, aged-down characters
Stats:

        Published: 2015-07-07
          Completed: 2019-12-07
          Chapters: 19/19
        Words: 101331
      

confectionery
by Xine
Summary
Kuai Liang owns and runs an ice cream parlor called Dragon's Ice with his insubordinate, teenaged employee Frost. Much of his life is a continuous routine, days of the week specified with certain tasks, returning customers who always order the same thing, on the same weekday, during the same time window. The only connection he has that has nothing to do with his job is his best friend Tomas, who managed to find him again after he left China for the US over a decade ago.Then, on an innocuous Tuesday, a certain stranger walks into his shoppe with a young boy clutching his hand, and suddenly Kuai Liang feels that maybe his life shouldn't be so centered around work.




KUAI LIANG
Chapter Summary
It’s Monday. Kuai Liang begins the week as he always does — regular and routine.



He begins his morning to the sound of the alarm, gentle plucks of a guqin’s strings among the chirping of delicate songbirds through cheap, tinny speakers. It is a simple and unobtrusive melody, one that wakes him without a jerk or a gasp mid-dream, but rather a deep inhale, an upward arch of the back, a stretch of the legs from the thigh down to the Achilles tendon.Kuai Liang’s bed is — for a few elongated moments — a personal paradise, a soft marsh of cotton and pillows. He takes in the smell of the fresh linen detergent lingering in the bedsheets before allowing his eyes to flutter open.He is met by darkness, dense dark blues of early morning light peeking through the window blinds, and if it weren’t for his experiencing this daily, the atmosphere could be considered otherworldly. The music filtering through his ears reminds him of his birthplace. It’s bittersweet, yet pleasant.He shuts it off with a firm press of his fingertips before he can get too sentimental.With a huff he forces himself to sit up, climb out of bed, and begin his day. His feet do not rise and fall so much as they shuffle across the smooth hardwood flooring to the bedroom door, and as he laces his hands together and stretches toned arms above his head, he notes only a small pain in his lower back. Rarely is there a remnant of rest in his body aside from the typical grogginess, but perhaps he simply didn’t sleep so well last night.The apartment is by no means spacious, but it is rather empty. In the common room, furniture is kept at its minimum — a sofa, a small television set, a punching bag, a tall but lean bookshelf filled with paperbacks and hardcovers — and similar things could be said about the remainder of the flat. The kitchen holds the essentials, but is sparsely decorated. The bathroom is small and unremarkable. White walls, few windows, and no houseplants. Vacant.It’s more like a hotel room than a home.He blames the lack of homeliness simply on his absence here, constantly busy at work — formulating new flavors, taking inventory, preparing fresh ingredients, running to the nearby market for resupplying — and only coming back for a place to sleep.He sheds himself of his clothing, unbuttoning his nightshirt and pulling down his underwear along with his pajama bottoms, then throwing the sleepwear in the hamper beside the door. While he meanders into the bathroom, Kuai Liang absentmindedly recalls the underused deck that hangs just a few feet away from the two-seated sofa, and makes a mental note to take some time after work tonight to sit up there and take in the view of the surrounding neighborhood.A flick of a middle finger and the lightbulbs come to life, illuminating the small room with a warm glow. The sudden loss of the dark hurts his eyes momentarily, causing him to squint at his reflection when he turns to the wide mirror. Soaking in the light, his senses relax and he can see himself clearly in the looking glass. His eyes are puffy and the hair atop his head is a mess, locks sticking upward in every which way, curling over towards his left. The stark beard lining his jaw and upper lip has gotten thicker. The scar hasn’t changed.Over the past couple weeks a dark frame of hair has grown along his jawline, making him appear both older and slimmer. A few of his regulars have complimented him on it — “It’s very befitting!” — despite the sharp edge of the scar cutting in at the right side like an uninvited guest. Thinking on it, he’s never grown a beard before. His brother taught him to shave when he was young, so that’s what he’s always done and never really attempted anything different. He'll try out this unfamiliar style a little bit longer, see what it looks like when it becomes as dense as the house manager's from his fuzzy childhood memories.Opening the medicine cabinet, he takes his toothbrush and begins to brush his teeth hazily while heading over to the kitchen. He lifts the lid of the rice cooker, filling it with water and preparing enough rice to have now and the rest to have for lunch just before midday. He lets the appliance run on a timer and returns to the bathroom sink to spit out the mint-flavored froth. Gently scrub the tongue, rinse the toothbrush, loop ivory-colored floss around the fingertips, draw and pull between the teeth, toss it and then swish a cap full of mouthwash. A mindless routine that is strangely energizing.Kuai Liang mentally debates with himself if he should take the time to work out this morning. After a brief glance at the digital clock sitting atop the storage cabinet to his right, he realized there isn’t enough time.With a sigh, he slides open the shower door and twists the teardrop-shaped knob. He tests the water with his hand, basking in the feeling of pressured drops massaging into his skin, waiting until it is just above lukewarm temperature. He takes a step inside, letting it fall upon his face in an awakening cascade of warmth, and he lists everything he must accomplish today out loud, speaking to himself and the barren walls surrounding him.
Kuai Liang lives close enough to the ice cream parlor that he walks to and from work every day. The market he purchases nearly all of his supplies at is also just a few blocks away, located in the opposite direction of his apartment building and situated between a bank and a meager but popular children's playground. And since his weekly schedule is so routine, he hardly leaves the neighborhood more than two or three times a month. He doesn't even own a car. A bicycle has been on his to-buy list for three years, but it's so far down from his highest priorities that its essentially forgotten altogether.He thinks he should probably get out more.By the time he's reached the glass door, the sun has only barely begun to rise, a tender and soft cerulean peeking from behind the buildings blocking the horizon. The rest of the sky sits comfortably in a royal navy blue, stretching above in stark contrast to the glowing halo encircling the sleeping city. The air is crisp, fresh, and just slightly chilled. It fills his chest with a lovely sharpness, electrifying every branching airway of the lungs in a way that his shower failed to quite do. Silence blankets his body like winter snowfall, everything around him still yet full of life, and Kuai Liang has no doubt that these kinds early, solitary mornings are his favorite.A welcoming chime echoes when he walks inside, pausing to pull the key out of the lock and pocket the jingling ring into his trousers. He heads toward the kitchen, pressing and holding the light switch until the ceiling-mounted lamps shine at a mellow brightness, vibrant enough to see clearly but not enough to emulate daylight. On the adjacent side, squeezed between the stand-up freezer and the tiled wall, hang numerous colorful aprons, adorned with patterns of milkshakes, spoons, sprinkles, paper cups. He grabs the black one covered in small ice cream cones, pulling the neck strap over his head, wrapping the the thin string around his waist and back to his stomach, tying it neatly in place. He knots it twice to ensure it doesn’t become loose throughout the day.Mondays are always his busiest of the week, not in terms of customer count but rather in the sheer number of chores and preparation he must do. Nearly half of the flavors were completely depleted by Saturday evening, leaving him with seven types to be mixed, frozen, and stored today to keep up with the supply. Depending on how popular the remaining nine flavors are, he’ll have to make a second batch of those before he goes home tonight.The most frequently purchased flavor is without a doubt one of his own recipes: a double chocolate ice cream, composed of milk chocolate swirled together in a beautiful marble of white chocolate fudge. Truth be told he’s not quite sure why it is the flavor that empties the fastest — he keeps two extra tubs of it instead of the usual single — but he can’t help but feel flattered that a personal creation is so greatly enjoyed.As for the rest, chocolate, vanilla bean, and sugar cookie — the seasonal special for spring — ice cream flavors need a second batch by tonight. The dairy-free pineapple and coconut flavor is also nearly gone, being a favorite among lactose intolerant and vegan customers. Watermelon sorbet has taken raspberry’s place for number one most purchased fruit-based product and will need an immediate resupply. The flavor of the week — sea-salt caramel — has already been prepared and frozen since Friday.Kuai Liang organizes all of this information in his head while he rolls up his sleeves, folding and creasing the cornflower blue fabric up his arms. He silently notes the new looseness of the cuffs around his biceps and takes it as a sign that he’s been slacking in his workout routine. He’ll have to make up for it tomorrow night.With a quick wash of his hands in the deep-basin sink, he pats them down dry on his apron before opening the standing fridge, pulling out a shallow crate filled with cans of low-fat evaporated milk and half-and-half. These are essentially all he needs, aside from sugar and some flavor-creating elements. The ice cream base is simple because he wants it to be — less ingredients means creamy, rich-tasting desserts without all the fat of traditional recipes.That’s his outlook, anyway. Customers seem to agree with him, considering the sheer number of them being regular returning patrons. Some of them he knows on a first name basis, others he has their orders being prepared before they say a word to him. His one lone employee has them all memorized as well as he does, especially considering she only works part-time.Her name is Frost. At least, that’s what she calls herself and — quite aggressively — insists on others referring to her as such. Kuai Liang once knew what her legal name was — being required on her job application and resume — but has since forgotten it except for a vague memory of a hard ‘c’ sound being in there somewhere. He wonders what draws her to such a title, considering the high count of smirks and snorts she gotten from customers being served ice cream by someone named Frost. He doesn’t get it, but he doesn’t mind either.She’s a good employee, despite her hard attitude and occasional rudeness. Frost is great with customers — kind, polite, accommodating, patient — but with him she can be crass, not taking his job title as owner and boss as an obligation to unearned reverence. He respects her for it, truly, but still attempts to at least be on more friendly, less commanding terms with her. Part of him cannot help but find her good company, even if she can be difficult sometimes.
After about two hours of measuring, mixing, taste-testing, refining, Kuai Liang hears the soft jingle of the doorbell from outside the kitchen. Grabbing a washcloth and dampening it under a warm tap, he wrings his hands clean as he peeks his head through the doorway. Outside the window, a few people meander on the sidewalks, the sun having risen more than thirty minutes ago. Even through the walls he can hear the singing of small birds.In front of the tall glass stands the only other person who operates behind the ice cream counter. His gaze meets with Frost’s and he notes the particular messiness of her bleached hair today. The bags under her eyes are darker than usual.“Good morning.”She grunts quietly in response, settling her backpack on the floor beside the front counter. With a short beat, she opens her mouth and asks, “What do you need me to do?”Consistently quick to the point. Kuai Liang gives her a soft smile before nodding, gesturing to the kitchen behind him. She follows him when he turns around, trailing behind him as he hangs the washcloth over the fridge’s door handle.“It is nothing different than usual. Could you cook and shape the waffle cones? We need at least twenty to start.” Cones were popular last weekend, and instead of refilling the topping containers or cleaning equipment or organizing the refrigerator, he needs her to focus on only that task.“Okay,” she replies. Kuai Liang is sure it must be her favorite word, being her go-to for nearly everything he asks her to do. This time, however, she seems a bit off, the dragging of her boots against the tiled flooring following soundly behind her.He looks away, tending back to the thickening off-white cream in the large, stainless steel mixer before tentatively asking, “Are you feeling alright this morning?”Clattering of measuring cups, plastic packaging, and a wooden spatula reaches his ears before her voice does, a soft-spoken question of the word “Why?” She doesn’t like to waste her breath, hasn’t since her first day nearly a full year ago.“You seem more tired than usual. Did you not sleep well?”There is not a single pause in the sound of her work, and he twists his neck enough to watch her fill a marked glass cup with water and return to the counter, combining the liquid with a beige-colored powder. He can’t see her face, but she doesn’t seem angry or even annoyed — just sluggish. Perhaps sensing his stare, she finally states, “I’m fine. Just stayed up too late studying.”“Do not cause yourself any unnecessary stress. If you need time off work, please let me know.”“I won’t and I don’t.”With a final look at the back of her head — the dark roots of her hair beginning to show underneath the pale blue locks — he lets the topic go, lifting the head of the mixer after switching it off. Silence falls over the two of them, the room absent of noise other than the soft scrape of wood on smooth glass.It feels uncomfortable and a bit tense — more than what’s normal with Frost — and he wonders if he crossed the line somehow. As he lifts the polished mixing bowl from the stand, however, she speaks up again.“Thank you, though.”He looks over at her again, still unable to see her face, but smiles anyway as he says, “No thanks necessary.”
Frost leaves after an hour of work, slinging her backpack onto her shoulder with a wave before heading out the front door. He reciprocates the farewell and afterward discovers two neat stacks of fifteen pointed cones each standing beside the waffle maker. The waffle maker sits with its faces clean, the bowl and spatula neatly cleaned in the sink. Above proficient work as always. Kuai Liang assumes that her schoolwork reflects the same diligence he sees here at the shoppe.During the school year Frost comes in before opening to help with smaller tasks like preparing cones or refilling the topping containers, then later returning after classes to do her normal four-hour shift of serving customers and wiping down tables. For the both of them, their schedules rarely stray away from routine.Tuesdays are usually supply runs to the market, restocking on heavy cream, condensed milk, cane sugar, flavored syrups, peanuts, cookies, sprinkles, gummy candies, dried fruits — the checklist is endless. He uses a dolly cart and a duffel bag to bring it all back to the parlor.The rest of the week is less hectic. Wednesdays are only moderately busy, but for reasons he hasn't quite figured out yet, hump day has a much higher customer count during lunchtime than any other weekday. Thursdays are a strange lull where the shoppe is its emptiest from opening to closing; Kuai Liang attributes it to being the day where even he — a potential workaholic — starts to feel the wear of long work hours. Fridays are the steadily growing incline leading to the highest peak, a constant yet manageable stream of patrons all day. He sacrifices his lunch break on Fridays to make another, smaller run to the store.Saturdays, however? Most of the time, both him and his single employee can handle it, but once the hotter seasons start to roll in, "Dragon's Ice" frozen dessert shoppe may as well be a refreshing escape for its visitors and a frozen hell for its owner. The hours between opening time at 9 AM and 11 AM are largely stagnant, but after that point, the line of sweating, sugar-craving locals seems never ending, the bell ringing perpetually, monotonously. For chain creameries, this kind of customer volume is probably normal, but for a such a small shoppe as his, it’s truly a test of how much he loves this job.Sundays are a short and relaxing end to his work week, thankfully. At first, he found that having someone walk in before noon was as rare as stumbling across a $50 note on the sidewalk — due to religious mass, he assumes — and that customers only came in at sporadic intervals. So, he only runs the shop from noon until 5 PM; Frost doesn't come in at all on Sundays because she'd really have nothing to do with business being so slow. Being a full-time high school student, he's sure she appreciates time off, particularly during winter and late spring when exams are catching up to her like a freight train.He is looking forward to June if it means having a second pair of hands behind the counter full-time. It will also be nice to have her around all day again; when her full-time employment became part-time with the start of the school year last summer, Kuai Liang hadn’t realized how lonely independent work can be until he had to return to it.The rest of the day is largely uneventful, as expected. Each Monday goes by without much else than the early morning responsibilities, traffic going in and out being pretty unremarkable. Regulars with a strong sweet-tooth do come in on Mondays, though, and a few stopped by on this one.Before lunch a heavy man who often faintly smells of alcohol walked in and Kuai Liang recognized him as soon as he opened the door, long ponytail swinging at the back of his head with every step. Despite the hint of booze coming off of him, he’s a friendly and quite jovial fellow, only ever seen with a serene smile on his face. There’s a pair of cops who visit at least once a week during the 2PM to 3PM window. They’re frequent enough that they’re a couple of the many whose names Kuai Liang has memorized — Stryker and Kabal — without having to glance at their badges to double-check.One of his more... disconcerting returning customers is one whose name he has neglected to learn due to his strangely aggressive aura. Never seen without his burgundy hat or his dark eye makeup, this customer insists on coffee ice cream regardless of it being in season or not. Kuai Liang keeps an airtight container of this recipe just for him when it isn’t the summer, not only to avoid whatever ugliness that may come from failing to do so, but also to ensure the hefty tips the man leaves behind every time.Frost comes back not long after the two police officers depart with an ice cream cone and a cup of sorbet, respectively. She doesn’t say much when Kuai Liang asks how her day went besides a shrug and a plain statement of “It went.” To his surprise she is the one to bring up her work schedule and availability during the incoming summer vacation first, off-handedly mentioning it after serving a modest group of middle schoolers. He is pleased to find out that she’ll be able to work full-time.In between lulls in business, Frost gets some of her homework out of the way from behind the counter while Kuai Liang cleans equipment in the back. When it slowly grows dark outside and the streetlamps glimmer with light above the pavement, he hears Frost ring up her final customer before footsteps follow soon afterward.A shadow casts over the floor and cabinet Kuai Liang is occupied with, making it harder to read the labels of the assorted flavored syrups. A low and plain voice to his side inquires, “Do you need me for anything else?”Kuai Liang shifts to look up at her from his spot on the floor, then moves to rise from his kneeling position as he says, “No, you’ve done plenty. Head home and get the rest of your homework done.” He sometimes forgets how short she is compared to him until he stands up and faces her head on, yet not once has she seemed perturbed by his stature. Maybe it doesn’t even cross her mind. Maybe he’s just hyper aware.She turns around and unravels the knot at her abdomen, taking off the apron and hanging it among Kuai Liang’s much larger garments. She owns only one apron, simply a solid black smock with no patterns or even a graphic over the chest. It is a stark difference to the many that he wears himself, all embellished with cute, eye-catching designs. Every once in a while he asks if she would like another apron, yet she insists that this single one is all she needs.With a curt wave she says goodbye, stepping out of the door with her bag and a coat as he replicates the simple gesture. He watches as she climbs into the car waiting outside — most likely one of her parents sitting in the driver’s seat — and approaches the door as the vehicle drives away. Flipping the sign from the “open” side to the “closed” side, switching off the lamps illuminating the logo above the front entrance outside, and locking the door, Kuai Liang sets out to make batches of desserts he lost the time for that morning.
The fridge shuts with a muted thud and the bottle is cold against the palm of his hand. He pops off the cap with the churchkey left on the countertop, listening to the brief hiss of the compression escaping the narrow glass. Kuai Liang brings the open neck to his lips while he crosses the living room, drinking the slightly bitter ale and savoring the taste spreading over his tongue. Cool air rushes into the humble apartment when he pulls open the sliding door, and the gentle breeze is a welcoming feeling as he steps out onto the wooden deck. He leans gently against the railing and takes in the sight before him.Living on the sixth floor could generally be considered a nuisance, but the nicest advantage of living so high up above the ground is the view of the surrounding neighborhood and city at nighttime, distant lightbulbs glittering like the stars over his head. Looking off to the right, he can spot the exact location of his shoppe. Following the rows of streetlamps gives him the drab roof of the supermarket, the warmly-lit plastic hood hanging over the playground’s slide, the sharp and unkind security lights of the city bank.Taking another swig from the bottle, he thinks that being unable to escape one’s work environment even when at home would bother most people. Kuai Liang simply cannot find himself to mind it at all.



HANZO
Chapter Summary
It’s Tuesday. Kuai Liang finds himself enamored with a stranger.



To put it simply, his mornings all begin the same as they do on his bustling Mondays. The stringed instrument’s notes filtering through the alarm’s speakers tend to feel less urgent during the rest of the week, though, and Kuai Liang also gives his sleepy body some leniency in these days. Often he waits for the slivers of sky between the window blinds to fade from a stark black to a hazy cornflower blue, and then does he ease himself off of the mattress just a bit before six in the morning.Knowing that he has time today to catch up the slack of his workout routine, he sets aside the normal early morning tasks for later and heads toward his bedroom door. He twists the doorknob with one hand while the other works at unclasping the buttons of his nightshirt, shrugging out of it after he is done. The thin fabric joins yesterday’s pajamas in the hamper, all piled upon dirty workshirts and coal-colored trousers. Taking care of the laundry is quickly added to his expansive mental list among the mountain of other responsibilities and obligations he needs to take care of.Kneeling down onto the floor and lowering his chest close to the ground, he reaches under the plain sofa in search for the door-mounted chin-up bar. His fingertips skim around on the hardwood until it meets cool metal. He grasps the piece of equipment and carries it to the doorway to his bedroom, lifting and securing it atop the lintel of the frame.He begins with fifteen chin-ups, crossing his legs at the ankles and lifting them for leverage. As he hoists himself upward he breathes in through his nose, holds position, then lets the air rush past his lips as he lowers himself back again. At the end of the set, he places his feet flat on the ground and gives his body pause for thirty seconds, then repeats the set again. And then again.He does two sets of fifteen pull-ups, bringing his chin down to his chest and lifting his body up until the back of his neck grazes the bar. Returning to the starting position should be gradual so as to not strain the arms. Feeling the burn in his biceps and triceps, he allows for a two minute rest, popping into the kitchen to fill a reusable water bottle with tap water.Over the next hour Kuai Liang pushes through the remainder of the workout cycle, taking a few breaks in between each cluster of sets to avoid hurting himself. He holds himself on the bar for five sets of three hanging leg raises, straightening his legs parallel with the floor. Rolling out a twenty-four by seventy-two inch mat, he gingerly lays himself down flat on his back and performs two sets of twenty crunches. Onto his stomach and it’s a full minute of planks, thirty standard push-ups, ten one-handed push-ups for each arm.He returns to his feet for five sets of twenty jumping jacks, interrupting each set to stretch down and touch his toes for a few long moments. After one hundred, he stops and stands, his lungs begging for air as he pants along to the rhythm of his heartbeat. He fans out his fingers and raises them to the ceiling, rising them up as far as they can go, shifting his weight from the balls of his feet onto his toes in a magnificently vertical stance.Behind him the sun peers past the side of another apartment building, bright sunlight glaring into the sliding glass doorway, each angle of his body casting strikingly distorted shadows across the common room. They look like blackened tendrils creeping up the pallor-toned walls, elongated fingers clamoring upward in search of something, reaching for some sort of unseen desire. All he can feel is the hot ache in his muscles as he exhales from deep in his diaphragm.
Business is leisurely for most of the day, a few mingling customers whose faces he recognizes coming in primarily around lunch time. One of whom is a weekly regular; she wears nothing but white every time she walks through the doors, donning a large sunhat that shades her eyes and holds her dark hair in its place. Kuai Liang finds her to hold a strange sort of elegance, not just in her pristine fashion choices or the gold jewelry and embellishments adorning her body, but also in the way she carries herself. She prefers either strawberry or mango shaved ice.Another considerably remarkable person he served came in at around noon. He's a local who doesn't stop by frequently — Kuai Liang only sees him once or twice a month — but has been a patron since he first opened shop about seven years ago. His messy blond hair and the karate gi he typically sports makes him easy to remember. His favorite is the cookies and cream milkshake. It is uncommon, however, for any of his returning customers to order milkshakes or ice cream this early in the day. Lighter desserts are ordered more often before the afternoon, such as shaved ice with flavored syrup or one of his made-from-scratch sorbets.Eying the tubs of sorbet sitting in the display case in front of him, Kuai Liang counts three that are already halfway gone — more than half of his sorbet selection. He would go to the back and prepare spare batches to replace the ones already in the freezer, but he is out of fresh fruits to make the necessary purée. He'll have to wait for Frost to get out of classes and arrive for her shift before he can leave the shoppe for the supermarket. It's only a few hours away, but he can't rid himself the itch of needing to take care of a task that he has no means of accomplishing.So, the remainder of his solo shift has consisted of him feeling bored, intermixed with serving customers sporadically, restocking the napkin and straw containers, and sparing curious glances at a college student who has stuck themselves in a lone corner of the dining space, typing fervently on a laptop and chewing on a Dragon's Ice disposable wooden spoon. At around 2 PM, he takes a small paper bowl and fills it with two scoops of the kid's order of chocolate chip cookie dough, sticking a new spoon in the center. He quietly approaches the young adult mindlessly twisting a lock of their hair and places the refill beside the sticker-covered computer. When the student digs in their pocket for what he presumes to be their wallet, Kuai Liang holds up a hand and insists that they take a break. He doesn't think he's ever seen a patron look at him with such thankful eyes.Give or take an hour later, Frost steps through the door, quickly nodding at Kuai Liang in acknowledgment as she makes a beeline for the restroom, unzipping her backpack as she walks. He throws her a quick smile while she passes him, and he circles around the wall separating the front counter and the kitchen. Behind the commercial mixer is the office, a tiny room that barely manages to fit a desk, a safe, and three lockers for his and Frost’s personal belongings. Opening his, he grabs his wallet and stuffs the leather bi-fold into his back pocket. His cell phone is placed in the other back pocket.The teenager joins him at his left as he shuts his locker and clicks the combination lock closed. Spinning the three digit combination for her storage compartment, she glances at him and asks, “Market run?”“Yes. I should be half an hour or so.”“No problem,” she responds as she rolls up her sleeves, “Tuesdays are slow anyway.” She pauses and then amends her statement with, “Usually.”Kuai Liang lets out a soft huff of laughter and repeats her clarification, unraveling the apron’s string and lifting the garment over his head before handing it to her. She takes the navy smock without missing a beat, turning around and leaving the office to tend to the counter. Against the wall beside the desk sits the duffel bag and metal dolly, slightly crooked and leaning toward the standing lockers with short stack of wooden trays at its foot. He secures the bag onto his back, taking the dolly and rolling it behind him.He passes a patron stepping up to the windowed ice cream freezer on his way out, another one he remembers coming in a few times before in the recent past. She greets him quickly and he grins at her, glancing at Frost standing behind the display case before turning back and walking out the door.The bright afternoon sun is actually an unfamiliar feeling when he begins his trek down the sidewalk. Considering how much time he spends working in the shop or exercising at the apartment, it’s no wonder why his skin is and has been so pallor for years now. On Sundays — a day where he actually has some time for himself — he might take the time to go to the gym or he’ll take the bus to Tomas’ house, but he’s hardly outside. With the weather getting warmer, perhaps he should take up swimming, improve on his cardio. There must be an outdoor pool with lanes somewhere in town.Temperature-wise, it isn’t very hot — no more than seventy-five degrees Fahrenheit — yet with the blazing sun beating down on his back, his shoulders, his chest, he may as well be inside an oven. His body has never really been able to handle the heat very well. Even when he was a child, the few times it would become hot up in the mountains of his home village, he would always find himself under the shade of a tree or under a store’s awning.He’s thankful that the market is only a few blocks away and simultaneously dreads having to repeat this errand week after week.Down a few more blocks sits the bank, and Kuai Liang moves his head to look at the russet bricked building, watching his reflection distort in the tall, tinted windows as he walks past. Turning his gaze forward again can he spot the candy-like colors of the plastic playground just past the grocery store parking lot. There are a gaggle of children — late elementary students at the least — gathering around the swingset; their light-hearted and high-pitched bickering is loud enough to be heard all the way by the market’s entrance.Inside the store Kuai Liang is instantly welcomed by name, a cashier dressed in greens and whites trying to get his attention with a raised hand. He shouts with a jubilant “Hello” across the lanes of checkout registers. Much like the people who have either paid visits to his shoppe for years or those who simply return on a near weekly basis, Kuai Liang is known by a good portion of the employees here due to his bi-weekly shopping trips.He tries to make his rounds as quickly as possible — not wanting to keep Frost completely on her own for too long — so he does a giant circle around the store, starting at the fresh produce section. With the bag swung around to his front he packs it with thin plastic containers of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries. A net of lemons joins them, then a thin bag filled with mangoes. Wrapped slices of watermelon sit at the top to ensure that the flesh of the fruit doesn’t get crushed and then leak through the cellophane.Around to the back is an entire wall lined with refrigerators, glass windows showcasing the various dairy products for sale. He fills an entire wooden tray with cartons of heavy cream, squeezing as many as he can fit into the base. Then snaking in between aisles, Kuai Liang stacks the handcart to its fullest capacity with packages of cookies, bags of peanuts without shells, paper sacks of cane sugar, and an entire tray packed with cans of low-fat condensed milk.Ringing up his purchases is typically a bit cumbersome — crates and fully-stocked duffel bag atop the conveyor belt — but the staff are so familiar with him that they hardly think anything of it. The same employee who greeted him earlier serves him at the register and they make small talk while the brunet man either scans each item or inputs them by quantity. Kuai Liang likes being served by this cashier because of the long scar that curves around the edge of his left cheekbone; his presence makes him feel as if he isn’t so frightening looking.The two of them say goodbye — “Until next time!” — and Kuai Liang ups his pace as he walks out of the supermarket’s grand front entrance, having to repeatedly excuse himself as he pushes through the thickening cluster of people. He does what he can to avoid running people’s toes over with the wheels of the dolly.If the heat was bothering him before, it is only getting to him more now that he’s carrying and pushing four days worth of supplies. The weather is, all things considered, primarily temperate throughout the year, but with spring already past its midway point, Kuai Liang can feel summer’s hot arrival fast approaching. Sparse droplets of sweat have found a home on the skin of his forehead, his collar by the time he’s only across the street from his shoppe. With his free hand, he unbuttons the topmost clasp of his shirt to let his skin breathe and hastily crosses the road.Through the glass door he can see a short line of patrons awaiting service. He steps inside, somehow maneuvering the handcart through the doorway without knocking it into the frame. He only has to spare a glance at Frost briefly for her to lift the countertop gate guarding the back of the creamery, holding it up for him as he passes with his luggage and enters the kitchen.Craning his head over his shoulder, he calls out, “I will be just a few moments!” From the opposite side of the entryway he hears her reply in affirmation, then quickly speaking to a customer with a short apology. He rests the dolly on its ledge and swivels the bag from his back to his chest, unzipping it. He stocks the fridge back up again as quickly as he can, not being used to the meager crowd congregating at the front at this hour on this day of the week. He has confidence that Frost can handle it on her own, but he isn’t comfortable leaving all the work upon her when he could be providing help.He is halfway through emptying the contents of the dolly when Frost shouts for his attention. “Boss,” her voice echoes into the kitchen, “there’s another customer that I need your help with.”“Understood,” he answers, taking the entire tray of heavy cream and pushing it into the reach-in fridge. The condensed milk and the bags upon bags of toppings can wait, so he swiftly picks up his apron from the hook and secures it around his neck. He pulls out the washcloth he keeps in the apron’s pocket and dabs his forehead, ridding it of the sweat thinly layered over the skin.As he returns to assist his employee, Kuai Liang finds himself halting in place when he meets gazes with the tall man standing on the other side of the ice cream case.He’s certain that this moment — this sliver of time hitting him like a tidal wave — is exactly what he’s seen a hundred times before in the myriad of clichéd romantic-comedies he’s been forced to watch with Tomas, what he’s heard in the obnoxiously loud pop music playing from the apartment across from his, what he’s been told through ancient folklore and Shakespearean stage plays.Breaking out of his reverie, he pats the nape of his neck and sloppily folds the rag, sticking it back into the front pocket. He feels clumsy and a bit like a teenaged disaster while he affixes the rope around his waist again, all awkward and jumbled limbs. Standing up straight, he looks the newcomer dead in the eyes and asks, “How can I help you?”The man is just about his own height, maybe little less than an inch shorter, though his long hair pulled up in a high ponytail does give the illusion that the height difference doesn’t exist at all. A few strands at his hairline fall forward onto his brow, the strands too short to be properly pulled back. Flat nose, sharp cheekbones, almond eyes, trimmed but dark beard along his jaw — he’s undeniably handsome, and he looks back at Kuai Liang with a strange expression pulling at his lips that Kuai Liang is certain he’s reading wrong.They’re strangers, after all.The man blinks a few times as if he’s trying to snap himself out of something, then opens his mouth to speak. “I apologize if I made you rush,” he says, his voice lower than what Kuai Liang honestly expected.“Please think nothing of it. What would you like?” he brushes off in response, absent-mindedly adjusting the name tag pinned to the right breast of his apron. When the customer sways it is only then that Kuai Liang notices the tiny body next to him. He peers over the top of the case just slightly and sees a young child no older than six or seven, chin length hair pulled back from his face, all teeth and smiles and practically bouncing where he stands.The long-haired man bends his knees to pick up the child and Kuai Liang stares a bit too intensely at how the muscles of his arms flex beneath the thin fabric of his cotton, three-button shirt. He situates the child onto his hip, giving him a better view of the tubs as well as the descriptive labels plastered across the top of the display case. Little hands skirt across the surface of the glass, the child leaning forward to read all the flavors’ names.Kuai Liang thinks that he should be paying more attention to the child and his choice of ice cream, but he finds himself unable to tear his eyes away from the man holding the boy, watching the soft smile form his lips as he looks at the young one’s wonderment. Soon the child points a tiny finger at the mint chocolate chip label at the top, softly exclaiming, “This one!”Kuai Liang finally turns his gaze back to the child, giving him a smile before asking, “Would you like a cone or a bowl?” Without missing a beat, the excited boy chooses the former; when Kuai Liang asks how many scoops, the man answers instead, stating just one. A pout appears on the boy’s face at that. In the back corner Frost prepares a milkshake for one of the customers she is serving, filling the shoppe with a quiet yet present humming sound.As Kuai Liang picks up the steel utensil and scoops up some of the mint chocolate chip ice cream, he feels too compelled to make small talk — something he is not oft to do on his own accord. “I have not seen a completely new customer walk in here in...” he pauses, lifting a cone off of the stack to his left as he ponders, then continues, “a very long time. What brings you two here now?”Still holding the child securely against his side, the man follows him with his eyes as he says, “We have never explored this side of town until today.” He looks at the child again and asks, “Isn’t that right, Takeda?” The boy — “Takeda,” he commits to memory — shakes his head no, pursing his lips together in a thin line but not quite removing the grin from his mouth.As the scoop of green dessert settles atop the cone, the blender running behind Kuai Liang shuts off, slowing to a grinding halt and allowing the gentle melodies playing over the speakers to saturate the air around them. Takeda asks the man — his father? Kuai Liang doesn’t know — if he can have toppings with it, too, and the man says that he may. Takeda gets chocolate syrup and chocolate sprinkles.Kuai Liang hands the child his cone, being careful to ensure that his little hands grip onto it properly. While the man sets Takeda down onto his own feet, Kuai Liang inquires, “And what would you like?” He is suddenly very conscious at how often or how rarely he is blinking, how quickly he is speaking, how awkward his hands feel when he isn’t doing anything with them.“Oh,” the man says, seemingly surprised at the question as he returns his gaze, “nothing for me.”“I insist,” the words coming out without him even thinking about it, “you will not regret it.” In the edge of his vision he can see Frost slightly turn her head toward her boss, furrowing her brows. The people she was serving have already left the shoppe, her fingers organizing the bills in the register stopping as she waits to see how this is going to unfold.“I am... I’m not a fan of ice cream,” the customer barely stammers, not looking so much uncomfortable but rather just embarrassed with his lips pulling in a tight, possibly flustered smile.Kuai Liang never — as a general rule — presses a patron to purchase something, but he cannot stop himself from spitting out words like the fool he feels like and is making himself out to be. He folds his hands at his front and continues, “We offer more than just ice cream. Does a milkshake sound appealing? Or sorbet? Coconut-based ice cream?”Frost is staring at him dead on now, and he knows that she is repeating the word “idiot” over and over in her head, but he can’t find himself to care in the moment. He watches the way the man’s face shifts with each suggestion, none of them really garnering a response. When he mentions shaved ice, however, the stranger’s eyebrows raise and Kuai Liang takes that as a sign that he found the man’s favorite.Distractedly the man scratches at the side of his neck, glancing down at Takeda who looks up at him with wide eyes, corners of his mouth messy with mint-colored ice cream. Dropping his arm he looks back at Kuai Liang and tells him, “I failed to see the flavor I like on your menu, so I decided to not bother.” He nods up toward the menu hanging on the back wall of the building before elaborating, “Most places here don’t carry it.”“Try me.”The scoff coming from Frost is audible. The man lets out a defeated chuckle, his laugh mostly just a huff of air. “Do you have plum?”Kuai Liang turns on his heel to head for the cabinets in the kitchen, feeling like a total fool and loving every minute of it. He’s so used to routine, to formality that this mere stranger has turned him into an unprofessional mess, but if it means having the man return sometime in the near future, then it is all worth it. “Liang,” he mumbles to himself as he pulls out the quart of plum-flavored syrup, “you’re a smitten idiot.”He leaves the kitchen and steps in front of the shaved ice machine, shoveling cubes from the icebox into the top of the hand crank device. Stretching his arm behind Frost’s head, he grabs one of the paper cups stacked beside the register and ignores the glare she points at him. He fills the container to its maximum, forming a soft knoll of shaved ice with a few gentle taps of the cup on the counter. Gingerly drizzling the syrup over the top, he turns around and holds the dessert out as if he achieved an ultimate victory.The man stares at him for a few moments and doing that amused, defeated laugh again before taking the cup. Taking a wooden spoon from the container in front of the register, he has his first taste of the ice. His expression grows from sheepishness into pleasantly surprised, rolling the treat around in his mouth before swallowing. “Thank you,” he says, “it reminds me of home.”Kuai Liang refrains himself from saying or asking anything else that will earn him another skin-burning, accusing scowl from his only employee and instead settles with “I am glad.”For probably the first time he has been in the shoppe, the customer addresses Frost and requests his due payment. Her expression blank, she says, “It’ll be six even.” The man pulls out a wallet from his — oh, god — tight jeans and sifts through the bills inside, taking out the exact cost of his and Takeda’s purchase. As Frost places the notes in the cash register, Kuai Liang sees the man pull out a few more dollars and fold them into the tip jar.He reaches out for the boy’s hand and together they exit the creamery, leaving just its owner and single employee alone inside. Kuai Liang cannot help himself watching the two of them walk down the sidewalk, and the ridiculous smile on his face only becomes more face-splittingly wide when the man turns around to see him just one more time through the window.
Before Frost leaves for the night — apron already hung up, backpack supported onto her shoulders — she stands at the kitchen entryway and fixes a long stare at her employer. Kuai Liang turns to her, holding a carton of heavy cream in mid-pour as if he got caught doing something he shouldn’t have.An uncomfortable silence blankets over them until she breaks it as she asks, “What the hell was that?”Kuai Liang glances to the side. He looks back at her and states, “I do not know what you are referring to.”Exasperated, she shifts her gaze over to the floor and widens her eyes incredulously before walking away, making her leave out of the creamery. He shuts off the mixer and sets the carton on a nearby counter, digging out the keys from his pocket as he follows behind her. They trade the usual goodbyes and farewells, he watches her climb into the family car, he switches all the lights off, and locks the door in the same manner he has done them hundreds of times.He needs to take inventory and do a few test runs of possible “flavors of the week” for next month before he can head home, so he returns to stand at the mixer and create a small portion of his ice cream base. As he resumes working, however, he finds himself horribly distracted. Kuai Liang unceremoniously plants his forehead on the mixer after he’s shut it off again. All he can think about is the stranger with beautiful hair and nice arms that he met today, and he just cannot wipe the stupid grin off of his face.



JOHNNY
Chapter Summary
It’s Wednesday. It seems like new and fascinating customers are becoming more common lately.



For most, Wednesday is the midweek hump, but for Kuai Liang it is not until the day after that he feels the stretch of the workweek getting to him. Prior to noon, this day is particularly slow in comparison to the insurgence of customers during the lunch hour, people from all sorts of professions stopping by for a few spoonfuls of sugar to power themselves for the rest of the day.There’s no single demographic that frequents his shoppe more than others. Teenagers don’t come close to being the most common type of customer — something he didn’t expect when he first started, knowing that a high school is only a mile or so away — and adults are typically bringing their children with them, save for a few of his longest regulars.On top of that, there are only one or two well-known individuals who have walked through that glass door, and the only one who returns on a routine basis is Raiden, a local weatherman who anyone can spot with little issue provided they have seen his strikingly white hair during the morning forecast. Aside from him, Kuai Liang has not had anyone of particularly high-profile come into his shoppe.Which must be why the customer stepping inside today had to be the most famous of all of his customers so far, right?The man saunters through with one hand tucked in a pants pocket and the other gingerly holding onto a much smaller palm. A young child bounces along beside him, fair hair done up in pigtails and pink sneakers lightly tapping along the tiled floor as they approach the front. The combination of gelled brown hair, sunglasses, and a strong jaw strike a sense of familiarity in Kuai Liang, but he cannot place exactly where he has seen this person in the past. He’s almost certain he isn’t a returning customer.The stranger removes the sleek sunglasses with his unoccupied hand and tucks one of the arms, hanging the accessory onto the dip of his v-neck shirt. The garment cuts low enough that Kuai Liang can see the top halves of solid black, serif-font letters, but the text is so large that he cannot even guess what the tattoo reads.“Hey, how are ya?” the man asks, throwing a smug — though likely not intentionally self-righteous — smile at him, carrying the stature of someone who has a neverending supply of self-confidence. It practically radiates off of him.“I am well. How are you, and what may I get for you?”“Fantastic,” he replies easily. He ducks his head down to look at the small child standing to his left, jiggling his grip on her hand slightly, and questions, “Wanna go first, punkin?” She nods her head eagerly, stout ponytails on either side of her head swinging about with vigor.While the man lifts up the girl to allow her to get a better view of the selection, Kuai Liang doesn’t find himself staring at the flex of biceps and triceps underneath thin cotton fabric as he had done the day prior, rather watching the sparkling wonder in the child’s eyes. It isn’t to say that this customer isn’t handsome, but Kuai Liang has never really become so... drawn towards a complete stranger like he had with the man from yesterday.He merely wishes he had a chance to learn his name.The child clasps onto her father — once again, an assumption — more than Takeda did with the black-haired stranger, resting her head against the cocky man’s chest as she gazes at the colorful array of ice cream and sorbet in front of her. While she decides the man tells her, “You can have anything you want, sweetheart.” He talks to her with such strong adoration lining his tone that makes it almost effortless to tell how much he loves this adorable child; the man is so easy to read and it honestly just makes him more charming than he probably knows he is.Kuai Liang pays close attention to where her wide eyes travel, catching her focus on the pink ice cream speckled with tiny red chunks of strawberries before she speaks up. Her voice is cute — he cannot deny it to himself — when she looks at him gleefully and declares, “A scoop of strawberry, please!”Her grin is contagious, causing one to spread across Kuai Liang’s face when he asks, “Cone or bowl?”“Cone!” she declares solidly, volume a bit high. While he works at scooping up the dessert of her choice, the child’s father gently shushes her, reminding her to be careful of how loud she is speaking. Kuai Liang mentally thanks himself for being level-headed today and not starting unnecessary — and clearly desperate — smalltalk with his customers, as well as Frost still being in class at this hour so she doesn’t shoot more daggers through the side of his skull with her glares.The young girl has simple tastes and only gets rainbow bead sprinkles on the pastel-colored scoop when he asks her which toppings she would like. She mutters a few quiet words of gratitude, taking the cone with both hands as Kuai Liang holds it out to her. The man continues to hold her as she begins to nibble on the treat, seemingly unworried if any of the ice cream gets on his navy shirt, which it most certainly will at some point.Kuai Liang repeats the same question to the customer, wiping the steel scoop on a damp washcloth to get rid of any strawberry lingering on the utensil.“Regular chocolate, two scoops,” he holds up two fingers as he continues, “but in the large bowl, please.”The order is only odd in the sense that two scoops can easily fit in the small-sized paper bowl provided they’re stacked atop one another, but Kuai Liang thinks little of it. He carves out both scoops and presses them side-by-side in the wide cup with practiced motions, pushing the ball of ice cream out of the tool with the edge of his thumb.“And what toppings would you like?”“Everything.”There’s a strange hush that settles over the three of them, Kuai Liang stopping mid-rise in his straightening up from bending over the open freezer, looking up at the man with raised eyebrows. He has had customers request every topping in the past, but it was always with a chuckle or a laugh that meant the person was joking. This time, however, his patron is completely serious, staring back at him as if the order isn't something to react the least bit surprised to.Kuai Liang glances over at the child and she is completely absorbed in eating her ice cream cone, not even pausing to see his reaction to what "everything" would be, like it were a normal occurrence.The man shifts his eyes from the bowl back to Kuai Liang's face, silently telling him that that is what he is actually ordering. Kuai Liang’s lips have gone from an upturn at the corners to a tight line and he makes himself turn around to the topping containers sitting on the shelves staggered against the back wall.He begins shoveling small amounts of every topping he has available — chopped peanuts, cookie crumbs, gummy worms, four different types of sprinkles, candy-coated chocolates, mini marshmallows, banana chips, dried papaya chunks — and with each new addition atop the ice cream, he can feel himself becoming ill. Shaking the cooled can of whipped cream, he then sprays a swirl of it at the peak of the mountain-like pile of garnishes, color dyes of the sprinkles bleeding into the bottom of the white cream.As he drizzles both chocolate and caramel syrups in a cross-hatched pattern over the entire contents of the bowl, he tries to imagine eating this entire thing and all it brings him is a uncomfortable churning in his stomach. He definitely has a sweet tooth — he has to for this job — but nothing like this. The maraschino cherry as a finishing touch is like the final straw on the camel’s back, and he just hopes that he will never have to prepare something like this again.If there is one thing Kuai Liang takes pride in that isn’t his skill in frozen dessert making, it would be his ability to keep composure and not show too much emotion his face — well, perhaps not considering yesterday. He hands the mess of an ice cream order to the man standing at the other side of the counter, who is licking his lips at the prospect of digging into it and completely unaware of the sugar-induced disgust of his server.Kuai Liang gives him the total — the man’s bowl alone is nearly doubled in price due to the sheer number toppings — and he glances at the man’s wallet as he pays, noticing a thick stack of notes that aren’t composed of singles or fives, but mostly twenties and fifties. He has no idea who this stranger is, but he definitely doesn’t seem to be struggling in the financial area. Kuai Liang still can’t shake the feeling that he has seen this other man’s face before, searching for the origin of the memory and coming up with nothing.The young girl pulls at her father’s hand and leads him towards a table to sit at, while Kuai Liang tends to a customer who had just walked in. A quick and easy order, there is no request for a mountain of toppings and therefore no involuntary discomfort at thought of consuming immense amounts of sweetened foods. He spares a few glances over to the duo sitting at a circular table, specifically to see how much and how quickly the man has eaten so far.Soon the afternoon lull fills the shoppe and it’s as if there aren’t any people passing by the sidewalks, let alone chiming their arrival into the creamery with the ring of the doorbell. Aside from the father and daughter pair, there is only one other patron seated in the modestly-sized building, hunched over a laptop at the bar by the window. They have been typing away for a while, the ticks and tacks of their keyboard sounding even to the back of the room, completely consumed in whatever they are working on. Kuai Liang tries to busy himself with something else — refilling the candy containers, cleaning equipment, running the ice machine — but it doesn’t take long for him to be interrupted.“Hey,” the voice calls, “ice cream dude!”He twists the upper half of his body to look behind him, being met with not just Every-Topping Man waving him over but also the bubbly child, both with wide smiles and even wider eyes. It’s rare for him to feel meek or shy, but suddenly Kuai Liang feels out of place and he isn’t sure how to respond; customers never holler for his attention.They begin to wave more rigorously the longer he fails to make some kind of movement. With a deep inhale, he succumbs to their urging and circles around the counter, wiping his hands on the apron of the day — sky blue adorned with a patterned design of repeating fudgiscles and vanilla ice cream cones — as he steps up to their table. Plainly, he asks, “Yes?”“You should sit with us for a bit,” the man says, taking a spoonful of whipped cream, sprinkles, and gummy worms into his mouth afterward. Kuai Liang’s eyebrows raise without him thinking about it, parting his lips and getting ready to deny the invitation when he’s beaten to it, the stranger continuing, “You look like you could use a break.”“I appreciate the offer, but I am the only person tending the counter at the moment and—”“Oh, come on!” the man speaks up again, chuckling as he adds, “You’ve got legs. We won’t care if you have get up in like two minutes; just join us for a few. You look like you’ve been standing all day.”Well, he isn’t wrong — the soreness the balls of his feet isn't any better or worse than it usually is. Kuai Liang can’t help feeling that he wouldn’t be doing his job properly if he sat out in the middle of it when there a customers still in the dining area. He tries once more to politely decline when his stomach chooses the most opportune time to rumble in hunger.“You got a lunch?” the man asks, and Kuai Liang resigns as he nods, turning around to head for the kitchen. Pulling open the door, he reaches inside the fridge for the reusable bottle of chilled water, tucking it under his arm before grabbing the soft lunch cooler. He guides the door closed with his foot, listening for a soft thud as a sign of its closing and then returning to the table.The stranger follows him with his eyes as Kuai Liang pulls out a chair directly across from him and sits down. While he scoots forward in his seat, the customer holds out his right hand and says, “Nice to meet ya,” pausing to glance at the cyan name tag affixed to the apron and then finishing, “Kuai Liang. Name’s Johnny.”Kuai Liang reaches out to reciprocate the welcoming gesture with a firm grip, replying, “Likewise, Johnny.”They separate from the handshake and Johnny shifts the same hand to pat the tabletop in front of the girl, doing the introduction for her. “And this is my daughter, Cassie.”Cassie replicates her father, sticking her tiny hand out for a handshake. Kuai Liang grips onto her hand softly and notes both how petite her fingers are and also how sticky the skin is from the strawberry cone she’s been eating. Her grasp can only reach around a couple of his digits, but perhaps that’s mostly because he has always been considered a large person.“Short for Cassandra, I assume?” he inquires, giving her hand a few shakes and letting go. She nods, pink smears framing her mouth and droplets to match stuck on the curve of her chin. Johnny takes a napkin and dabs her face clean as Kuai Liang expresses pleasure meeting her. She laughs a tiny laugh and it is so precious.Kuai Liang reverts his attention back to his lunch, and both Johnny and Cassie continue to indulge in their ice cream. As he unclips and opens the carrying bag, emptying the contents onto the space before him, he admits, “A customer has never invited me to sit with them until you.”Johnny perks up at that with the spoon still in his mouth, licking the wooden utensil clean and then replying, “Really?” Kuai Liang nods as he sets the bag onto the ground beside his chair, humming in affirmation. “That’s a bummer, cause you seem like a cool dude.”“What makes you say so?” Kuai Liang wonders, popping off the lid of a plastic container and picking up the sandwich composed of mantou bread and layers of cold cut meats inside. Homemade, just like what he ate growing up.“Well, my wife works with this dude named Kenshi who is the roommate of a guy who came into your shoppe yesterday,” Johnny explains, but it does little to answer the question. He must have seen the blank expression on Kuai Liang’s face, so he elaborates, “He’s a Japanese guy, long black hair, always keeps it in a ponytail? Had a kid with him?”Kuai Liang instantly realizes who exactly this man is talking about, and he tries his hardest not to verbally say “oh!” in surprise or let himself become too excited about learning more about the handsome stranger who threw him completely off-guard. “Yes, I know who you are talking about now. He was very kind and patient with my foolishness yesterday,” he says, chuckling at himself remembering it.“Hanzo Hasashi?” Johnny asks incredulously. “There’s no way you could be acting like an idiot and that guy was patient with you,” he digs into his bowl at the end of his sentence, scooping another spoonful of anything but chocolate ice cream.
Hanzo Hasashi.
Kuai Liang repeats the name over and over in his head, letting each syllable float through his synapses like a warming melody, like a song he once heard yet cannot remember when or where it met his ears. It is so nice to have a proper title for the man he met the day prior and he cannot stop the flutter he feels in his chest and the air that rushes his lungs.“Dad, I think Master Hanzo just doesn’t like you,” Cassie interjects. Johnny looks over at her, staring for a moment with an unreadable expression before he purses his lips and nods in agreement after considering it. Kuai Liang takes a bite out of his sandwich finally, chewing with purpose as he sets the food back down and wiping his hands on the apron covering his lap.“So, what did he say of me?” he questions, impolite with food still in his mouth.Johnny shrugs while he swallows more of the concoction made almost entirely of toppings and says, “Just that he really liked his snowcone or whatever he got. Takeda also kept talking to Cassie about how good his ice cream was when we got together for dinner last night.”“Is that why you arrived here today?”“Yeah,” Johnny pauses to stuff his mouth once again, “and they weren’t lying. This is great.”Kuai Liang softly expresses his gratitude and the three of them fall into a comfortable silence, interrupted only by the sounds of a spoon scraping against paper or a pair of chopsticks lightly tapping together. He lets his thoughts escape him as he munches on some cold chayote.The child that was with Hanzo could very well be his son, but it is also easily possible that Takeda isn’t and instead — what name did he say? — Kenshi’s child. Then what is their relationship? If they were brothers, he feels that Johnny would have said as such, or mention that Hanzo was Takeda’s uncle. Instead, he said “roommate” and that could mean almost anything — they could simply be friends or they could be dating — and Kuai Liang understands better than most that sometimes you cannot out other people or be out yourself. It is either unsafe or just not worth a plethora of uncomfortable questions.He feels an unfamiliar and unwarranted sense of dread at the idea of Hanzo already being the partner of someone else, be it with Kenshi or with someone who isn’t... masculine. In truth, he does not quite understand why he’s latched himself onto a person he’s knows next to nothing about and whose name he had only just learned a few minutes ago, but he has.He wants to stop thinking about it, at least for now.“So, Johnny,” he says in an attempt to steer his thoughts away from something less distressing, “I cannot help but feel that I have seen you before, even though you have even said this is your first time here.”That cheeky smile appears on his face again and Johnny jests, “Oh, you probably have.”From the corners of his vision Kuai Liang sees Cassie practically bouncing in her seat, and when he turns to her she proudly exclaims, “Dad’s Johnny Cage, the movie star!”“And Cassie here is my biggest fan,” Johnny says, squeezing her cheek between his thumb and forefinger. She giggles aloud and gives him a peppy “Uh-huh!” in response.Kuai Liang huffs a laugh through his nose as he raises his water bottle to his mouth, taking a quick sip, and then says, “That is most likely why, though I cannot recall what movie specifically.”Johnny lists a plethora of film titles — Ninja Mime, Massive Strike, Citizen Cage, Tommy Scissorfists, Aquatic Assault, on and on — yet none of them sound familiar at all, Kuai Liang shaking his head “no” after each name. He loses count at some point, but after most likely twenty or so Johnny gives up, deciding that whatever Kuai Liang saw was probably one of his more obscure pictures that he can’t even remember the name of.
Sometime after the post-dinner customer influx, he wavers in his work at cleaning one of the blender jars and peers over at Frost, busied with reading a thin, paperback textbook while mindlessly wiping down tables with a washcloth. The evening streetlamp light filtering through the windows illuminates the tips of her hair and transforms the color from a powder blue to a gentle gold, reminding him of candlelight in a strange way.“Frost,” he calls out loud enough for her to hear without turning around, “have you ever heard of Johnny Cage?”The faint squeaking of cloth against the glossy tabletop stops and he’s sure she’s looking at the back of his head when she replies, “The actor?”“Yes.”“Yeah, he’s been in some pretty bad kung fu movies,” she answers and Kuai Liang finds himself chuckling at her response.“He came into the shoppe today with his daughter.”She snorts and continues cleaning, closing her book and tossing it on a dry table beside her as she says, “I don’t believe you.”“Have I ever lied to you?” he questions as he cranes his neck enough for him to see her over his shoulder. “He has brunet hair, cut short and styled with some type of product. The tattoo on his chest reads his own name.”He asked Johnny about that before he left and he’s sure he won’t ever forget how easily the man just took off his entire shirt in the middle of the shoppe to show it off. Johnny also left with a promise to come back again soon, Cassie agreeing with the pledge joyfully. Kuai Liang is looking forward to it, though he would prefer Johnny doesn't rip off his shirt again next time.Frost scoffs, “Actors, weathermen, martial artists, shady men in cowboy hats, and guys who still thank you for pushing them into buying something.” She points her gaze at him accusingly and states, “You get some weird customers, boss.”Being the target of yet another glare, he comes to the decision that he shouldn’t bring up his discovery of Hanzo’s name — knowing that she would reprimand him further for his uncharacteristic behavior yesterday — and instead meanders to the register, taking the tip jar in hand and sifting through the bills inside. It’s mostly filled with loose change and a few one dollar notes, but among the folded bills is a hefty twenty, and Kuai Liang knows exactly who left it there.He grins as he dumps the contents of the jar onto a clean spot on the counter and begins splitting the earnings into respective piles for both Frost and himself. While he drags coins across the stone countertops and crinkles bank notes into neat folded stacks, he makes a mental note to make a batch of green tea ice cream for Tomas tonight before he heads home. His dear friend is owed a visit.



TOMAS
Chapter Summary
It’s Thursday. Kuai Liang visits an old friend.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




By the time the conclusion of his shift is drawing nearer, Kuai Liang can feel the bore of the Thursday work hours weighing down his shoulders. Frost also looks bored to near death as she blankly stares at a journal of notes at the register, leaning against the metal and plastic device with her elbow and thumbing through the pages mindlessly. Night has already fallen and only slivers of pinks and oranges glimmer in the clouds as darkness began to absorb any daylight remaining.Customers come and go in sparse numbers during the final few hours before closing time. While Frost occupies herself with studying and homework at the front, Kuai Liang roams into the kitchen in between servicing patrons to take inventory and prepare a few batches of replacement ice cream tubs. If it weren’t for the strange stagnancy of Thursday evenings, he would have to do post-closing duties at their regular times, but on these days he is able to garner a little more time off of work instead.Thursdays also signal Frost leaving earlier than any other day of the week, changing her shirt and packing up her school supplies into her backpack well before the shoppe closes. She stuffs her half of today’s tips into her wallet clutch and turns around right after, bidding farewell with a wave over her shoulder. Kuai Liang doesn’t bother waving back — she doesn’t have eyes on the back of her head — as she leaves, but he does call out “Goodbye!” from the counter.A meager handful of people walk in after she ends her shift, three of which are considerably noteworthy. One is a man that he has had on numerous but infrequent occasions, his thin mustache and completely bald head making him easy to spot. He sees some of his own facial features in this other person and it would not surprise him to find out that they are both from mainland China, but considering the customer’s uncomfortable and possibly dangerous posture, Kuai Liang keeps discussion down to a minimum. He tends to get vanilla coconut ice cream.The others — completely new to his ice cream parlor — arrive as a pair. One is a hulking man who stood several inches taller than Kuai Liang, dressed in ragged, earth-toned clothing that appears much too small for his gargantuan body. Standing far below his height ahead of him is a woman, stout hair tied up in a high ponytail that caused her locks to billow out in spikes. She wore similar clothing to his and they were both of unequal but definitely ambiguous ages. The only one who spoke a word was the sprite-like woman, but her speech was limited to the bare minimum, high-pitched and hard to listen to. They purchased two large bowls of sea-salt caramel.Right before 8pm, he serves a young couple a single chocolate milkshake and follows after them to switch off the neon open signs and lock the door behind them. As the two teenaged girls leave, the swishing, brunette ponytail of one of them reminds him of Hanzo for a brief moment, and he rests his forehead against the cool glass in amused exasperation.This has happened to him a few times today, where a single aspect of someone — long and dark hair, almond eyes, sharp cheekbones, toned arms — throws his mind back to that afternoon on Tuesday, dumbstruck and awkward limbs and sweaty hands. Really, he should have expected it to happen just one more time before his day was over.He’s so lovestruck and he simply cannot fathom how hard he has fallen.With a defeated sigh, he pushes himself off of the door and heads toward the kitchen, trying to focus his thoughts very intently on deep fried ice cream and taking the late night bus downtown. He runs a hand through his hair, scraping his nails gently across the scalp and relishing the tingle it brings all the way down his neck. Scatterbrained is not what he has been since his meeting Hanzo. Perhaps being just occasionally distracted is a more... efficient way to describe his mindset recently.He would say that spending time with his long-time friend will allow him his mind wander off to a place that has nothing to do with work, but he is fully aware that Tomas is going to have a field day over how much a fool Kuai Liang made of himself two days prior.Running the routine in his head, the first step is to go to the back of the kitchen and open up the cabinet beneath one of the steel counters. Amidst some shaved ice syrup jugs and a bag of chopped peanuts sits a stockpot, filled with a bottle of canola oil, a box of bread crumbs, and a slotted metal spoon. He grabs the medium pot by its handles and places it atop the hot plate on one of the counters, emptying the contents and setting them to the side.Taking the bottle of oil in hand, he twists open the cap and pours a generous amount into the pot. The cap goes back onto the bottle, the hot plate is switched on, and with some digging around in another cabinet, two bowls and a plate are settled onto the counter. Opening the freezer and reaching inside, he pulls out a blank pint-sized container, pushed to the very back of the appliance. Inside the fridge he grabs a single egg from the carton with his other hand.The concept of deep-frying ice cream was completely new to Kuai Liang just a few years ago, when Tomas described his discovery of the dessert at the town’s carnival one summer. Knowing full well of what his friend is best at, Tomas implored him to attempt deep-frying some of his own ice cream and he has been preparing this dish at least once a month since.The process is surprisingly simple, though primarily time-consuming due to the need of returning the scoops of ice cream back to freezer so that the breading may harden. He tried it for himself the first time he had made it, but found himself not caring for it much at all — not particularly a fan of fried foods — and determined that he’s totally satisfied with serving it for someone else.Kuai Liang fills the larger bowl with the plain bread crumbs and cracks an egg into the smaller bowl. Digging around in an utensil drawer for one of the few forks he keeps in the kitchen, the combination of wood and metal tools clatters loudly as it echoes in the hard-edged room, and he brushes his fingertips across one hidden beneath a silicone spatula and an ice cream scoop. With it he whisks the egg white and yolk until it combines into a pale yellow soup, tossing the shell into a nearby trashcan and placing the fork into the sink.He repeats the same procedure three times: scoop out the matcha ice cream, coat it evenly with the egg, spin it around in the breading and pack it like a snowball to even out the sphere shape, then set it onto the plate. The trio of ice cream balls sit in the freezer for an additional ten minutes while he waits for the oil to heat up further.It has been over two weeks from the last time he saw his closest — and honestly only — friend in person. They talk on the phone time to time, but Kuai Liang finds that he prefers sitting side-by-side together on the couch or taking a stroll around town than carrying a conversation apart from one another. Usually they don’t have much trouble with their work schedules not syncing with one another, but for sixteen or so days, Tomas’ hours have been during the nighttime and Kuai Liang has been so absorbed in his dessert-making that he loses track of time.He could do for a proper break off work.On Thursday evenings, when his friend is also free, he allows himself a breather from his responsibilities and therefore sacrifices his lunch hour on Fridays to make a quick run to the supermarket for supplies. It’s probably the only time he’ll skip out from the job he earnestly, whole-heartedly loves; he can’t think of another situation where he would put off work for something else.Filling the sink with water, he hand washes the scoops and malt cups to pass the time. The sponge squeaks against the metal as he wipes it clean of any milk or cream still sticking to the surface, sounds of splashing liquid filling the room as he drops the dishes back into the deep basin.After putting them on a wooden rack to dry, he returns to the freezer and pulls out the plain white plate. One at a time, he carefully lowers each scoop into the pot of oil and they sizzle with great intensity. A few droplets spray onto his hand and he flinches away, sucking his teeth at the brief searing sensation on the tender skin of his wrist. The third ball joins the other two and they all float in the bubbling fluid. Kuai Liang checks his arm for any sign of burning, but he appears fine. It's this part that reminds him why he doesn't care much for fried food.With the slotted spoon he turns the dessert around, ensuring that they all color evenly to a golden brown. They fry quickly, and as soon as he sunk them into the pot they’re being taken out again. Moving diligently, he lets the ice cream cool down as he cleans up the counters, pouring the leftover bread crumbs back into the box and dumping the remainder of beat egg into the sink. He switches the hotplate off and listens to the oils slowly transform to a quiet simmer.He searches for the lid for the stockpot in a storage cabinet — pushed to the side and hidden from view by boxes of sandwich cookies — and reunites it with its counterpart, sealing the oil to cool down and be stored away tomorrow morning. Taking a spare container from the stack of the large-sized paper cups near the back of the kitchen, Kuai Liang stacks the scoops of ice cream into it and covers it with a plastic dome cap.Mumbling under his breath the list of things to do before he takes his leave, he pops into the office to grab his wallet, his phone, and his cardigan from the tall locker inside. He also grabs his emptied lunch cooler before closing the door behind him and locking it, tossing the thin sweater over his shoulder and holding the lunchbox between his knees.Apron becomes untied, lifted off over his head, and hooked onto the rack to be worn another day. The bowl of ice cream is placed inside the lunchbox, the grey cardigan is hung over his non-dominant arm, the lights are turned off, and the front door is locked from the outside as the streetlamp lights up the keyhole for him to see what he is doing. He pulls out his phone to check the time and deduces that he can make it in time for the usual route if he jogs his way to the bus stop. He just hopes he isn't late.
His side of town isn’t necessarily desolate, but in comparison to the center of the humble city, it may as well be. Stepping out of the bus and glad to be off of those uncomfortable seats after thirty minutes, he takes in a breath of fresh air and revels in the various aroma of restaurants floating down the street. The breeze caresses his cheekbones, but it is barely even close to being considered “cold” to Kuai Liang.Downtown is considerably lively for a city as small as this one, a constant and steady stream of people wandering down the delicately stone-paved streets at any time of day, any time of the week, any time of the year, even during the colder seasons. On weeknights, the crowd dies down and almost vanishes entirely by 11 PM, but on Friday and Saturday, the congregation of life both young and old are out as late as 3 AM.As he heads west, blending into the clusters of people following the same path, he gazes upward to take in the details of the buildings towering above him, glass window panes reflecting the glow of streetlamps staggered between blooming crabapple trees. This strip never fails to look beautiful when Kuai Liang takes the time to visit, but it is especially a sight to behind during the holiday season when stringed lights adorn the naked trees as if to replace their missing leaves with shining bulbs.To be truthful, anything to do with the holiday season is what he looks forward to most each year, if only to be surrounded by snow and chilly air.But for as gorgeous as the downtown area is, he is glad that he does not live here nor that his shoppe is located among the rows and rows of boutiques and eateries and offices wedged against one another. For other frozen dessert parlors — particularly those belonging to a chain — the high concentration of customers being served is not much of a concern, but for his tiny business, it would be unthinkable to keep up with.He is fine with just visiting from time to time. It is much too busy for his liking.His destination is not far from the bus stop and it only takes him several minutes of strolling down the sidewalk to be met by the smell of burning tobacco and fruit-flavored vapor liquids. Outside, the smoke shop is humble, nothing too fancy or especially eye-catching as compared to the stores adjoining it. Inside is more impressive, walls lined with smoking accessories and countless types of tobacco packed into petite paper boxes or rounded tin canisters the size of one's palm.Before walking into the shop it's possible to pick out a few scents floating through the open doorway, but once inside it’s like standing directly in front of a lifted floodgate. The air is dense, near suffocating if one doesn’t anticipate it properly, but after a few moments the intensity subsides and the variety of scents actually becomes quite pleasant — provided one doesn’t mind the smell of tobacco.To his right stands two customers conversing with one of the employees whose face he knows but name he does not. Aside from his friend standing at the glass counters straight ahead of him, the store is otherwise empty, unsurprisingly so considering the hour. Kuai Liang has never been to the shop at any earlier time in the day, so the vacant nature in the spacious room is not unexpected, though he wonders what it looks like when it’s at its busiest.The digital chime of a bell announces his arrival for him. From behind the display cases Tomas looks up from the array of smoking pipes and the transformation of mild boredom to elation is obvious, all bright eyes and full smiles. Tomas has always been excited at the sight of his closest friend after a period of absence ever since they were just children, and today seems to be of no exception.“Liang,” he calls out as Kuai Liang walks closer to the front desk, “it’s been some time!”A smile spreads on his face that nearly equals his companion’s, saying, “Yes, it has. For us, at least.”“And I see you’ve brought something with you?” Tomas peers past the display case to see the lunchbox in Kuai Liang’s hand, trying and failing to remove the grin pulling at his lips, knowing full well what sits inside the soft carrier. To Tomas, the ice cream is likely the figurative cherry-on-top when the two of them get a few hours to share each other’s company.Turning to look at his colleague, Tomas asks the tattooed and pierced woman, “Is it alright with you if I ended my shift a bit early?” She shakes her head and waves goodbye briefly before returning her attention to her customers, and Kuai Liang takes a short moment to admire the artistry of the snake curling around her forearm, warm oranges and sharp yellows blending carefully on each scale. The vibrancy of the colors indicate that it’s quite new, which would explain why he does not remember such an elegant piece despite his frequency here.Perhaps he should find the artist for the piece so that he may finally update the sign for his parlor for the first time in many, many years.As Tomas goes around to the back for his belongings, Kuai Liang ruminates the image of a dragon painted like that of the ocean's vivid waters, composed of magnificent ceruleans and electric blues, shaped with curving lines and wavy forms. It would be stylized much like the depictions he grew up seeing in his birthplace, long and lean-bodied, square-faced but lacking wings. A panlong would be most fitting, he thinks, due to its association with water. The meaning of it may be lost on many of his customers, but would it be so useless if it at least represented something to him?A hand clasping his shoulder reminds him of where he is and he sheepishly apologizes to Tomas before they begin walking toward the doorway, handing him the lunchbox as they step out onto the sidewalk. They stroll further west and find an unoccupied bench in front of a street vendor serving gyros and gemista, the flavors of the air shifting from loose tobacco to grilling meat. As soon as they sit down on the metal seat, Tomas unclasps the lunch cooler and pulls out the carton inside.“A clean fork should be in the front pocket,” Kuai Liang points out to him, folding the cardigan onto his lap. It isn’t quite cold enough out for him to require it; Tomas and the kids at the orphanage always told him that he must be cold-blooded because he could play or practice kung fu in the snow with little difficulty. Despite getting older, not much has changed regarding his unusual blood circulation, and he always finds himself the most at peace when there's fresh snow on the ground.He watches Tomas as the man pulls off the lid of the container, setting it aside and promptly piercing the topmost breaded scoop with the fork. The green-colored cream gushes out from the top in a rush, then spilling out the side as the entire ball is split in half. When he takes his first bite, Tomas hums in satisfaction as the matcha taste washes over his tongue.“You are,” he pauses to swallow before finishing his praise, “my favorite person, Liang. Thank you.” Tomas’ dyed silver hair — of which is partially reminiscent of Frost’s — flips almost magnificently over his shoulder as he turns to Kuai Liang at his left. His hair has been treated into pale colors since they were teenagers when they could afford to be adventurous, the only difference now being it’s ever-increasing length.A chuckle bubbles in his chest as he replies, “And you mine.” He crosses a leg over the other, then continues with a proper look at the person sitting beside him, “I always enjoy an opportunity to make confections.”They trade the typical pleasantries while they people watch, discussing the quality of their jobs — Dragon’s Ice is steadily getting busier as the heat rolls in, the smoke shop is skyrocketing in popularity due to a sudden fascination with vaping — and how their free time has been spent, of which they both share the sentiment of it being “uninteresting.”By the time Tomas is digging into the last scoop of specially-made-for-him ice cream, their conversation falls into a lull, the sounds of others chatting and the echoing noises from traffic down the street encompassing them as much as their own exchanges. To the back of the bench sits a convenience store, an occasional jingle followed by footsteps pattering behind them.The number of pedestrians starts to thin out with fewer sets of people passing by the minute. He follows their departing figures with his eyes and catches small details about them as they pass the bench, and Kuai Liang is drawn to a set of high, shapely cheekbones on a young man walking in a group of friends. Internally groaning at his mind’s narrow priorities, he decides that now is as good a time as any and opens his mouth to say, “I think I may have met someone.”Tomas perks up at the words in spite of their vagueness, and he turns with arched brows, wide eyes, and a hand over his lips as he speaks with a mouth full of food, “Someone?” He gulps down his dessert right after, then leaning his torso forward and imploring, “Please, tell me.”Kuai Liang closes his eyes and the grin splitting his face only reminds him of the one he held as he watched Hanzo leave the parlor. He rubs his forehead with a few fingertips and massages the skin in embarrassment as he explains, “A man arrived at my shoppe Tuesday afternoon and it was...” Words are escaping him. He scrambles for a way to articulate himself in his head for a few seconds that feel as if they’re stretching on for minutes before the comparison he needs returns to him. He laughs at himself before opening his eyes again and he twists his body in his seat to look directly at Tomas, who is staring back at him with entertained anticipation.“The films I watch with you, the trite romantic comedies we have watched late into the night?” Tomas snorts at the sudden mention, but Kuai Liang continues, “Those moments where the destined couple meet eyes for the first time?”Tomas nods, likely reliving in his mind the dozens upon dozens of clichéd movies that he has seen countless times, looking like a laugh is ready to burst from him in expectation of his friends next words.“That is what happened to me when I saw him.”That snicker erupts from Tomas as he ducks his head, dropping the fork into the pint and settling the container onto his thigh. Taking a deep breath, he inquires further, “What is he like?”Kuai Liang stays silent for a few moments as he mulls over how to begin describing someone who has been absorbing his thoughts at any chance he allows his focus to wander. Parting his lips once more, he leans his elbow against the back of the bench and settles his temple onto his palm as he describes the man in question.He rebuilds the stranger’s face from his memory, retracing the shape of his lips and cheekbones, the angles of his eyes, the flowing cascade of his dark hair, the toned sinew of his arms. It is easy for him to paint the man's image, but illustrating the tone and timbre of his voice, the essence of his expressions when speaking with Takeda, the quality of his character when he hardly knows him at all are much more difficult. Kuai Liang details as much as his memory will permit him, talking until he has truly nothing new left to describe.Glancing down at the smooth teal paint on the bench, he confides, “I have only met him once, but it seems that was enough for him to render me completely smitten.”The smile on Tomas’ face is warm as he asks, “Do you know his name?”“Hanzo Hasashi.” He thinks that he may never tire of saying those two words.“Do you think you will meet him again?” his friend asks, leaning back into his seat with the fork in hand again.With a sigh that is both sanguine and saddened, Kuai Liang answers, “I can only hope.”
"I still cannot believe that you had Johnny Cage walk into your shoppe," Tomas exclaims as he shuts the driver's side door, pressing the lock button on the key fob. On the other side, Kuai Liang steps out of the car, cradling boxes of takeout meals neatly stacked and wrapped together in a plastic bag. He pushes the door closed with his hip and follows Tomas into the house.“I would never lie to you,” Kuai Liang says while Tomas opens the front door, “so I assure you that it is true.”Almost immediately after stepping inside, the dog — a four year-old Beagle adopted by one of the house’s residents — darts for Tomas and clamors against his shins, dragging her paws down black denim jeans as she bounces in excitement, jingling tags on her green collar highlighting each hop. “Oh, no, I believe you!” he says, stopping to calm the dog, getting her four feet back onto the floor, and then continuing, “To think that it actually happened is what’s astonishing.”“I feel foolish for not recognizing him sooner,” Kuai Liang mutters, squatting to give the dog a few pats on the head with a spare arm before trailing Tomas’ path up the stairs. He adds, “Never had I realized how small of a town it is we live in, especially if it was due to Hanzo’s chain of connections that lead a Hollywood actor to buy my ice cream.”His friend chuckles, “Small town indeed.” They walk into the narrow hallway that connects directly to the staircase, the small space illuminated with by a gentle, yellow ceiling lamp. Tomas’ room is the last one on the right, situated next to the full bathroom and across from the bedroom of another housemate. Kuai Liang bets that mornings are both a little hectic and crowded here.There are three other people who rent a room in this two-story house and Kuai Liang has met all or at least most of them several times. Tomas doesn’t talk about them much, not because he dislikes them — far from it, as they were his first friends after moving to the US — but rather that he is so often away from home to bring them up, either putting in hours at the smoke shop or volunteering at the animal shelter just outside the center of town.Kuai Liang cannot tell if no one else is home or if they have all hidden themselves in their own rooms as the humble house is resting in a quaint silence, save for the echoed barking of the dog downstairs, the creeks of the hardwood flooring under their weight, the fridge groaning as the ice machine drops more cubes in the tray.With food in hand, Kuai Liang settles onto the familiar futon and unties the plastic bag while Tomas searches his bookcase, thumbing through his collection of films ranging from low budget independents to Hollywood blockbusters. This is usually how their time together ends: restaurant meals on an old futon in front of a television, watching a cheesy movie full of B-list actors. Ten years later and little has changed.He just shakes his head with a laugh when Tomas pulls out a copy of “Citizen Cage.” Of course.



Chapter End Notes
I MADE A HUGE MISTAKE and accidentally deleted this chapter. It's restored and back to normal now!


RAIDEN
Chapter Summary
It’s Friday. Amidst crowds of customers, three familiar faces make a return and Kuai Liang feels like he's going to drown.



To say that he dreads the imminent influx of customers would be inaccurate in the same way he is not necessarily excited or looking forward to the promise of the Friday night rush. Granted, it is not as overwhelming as Saturday — by far the busiest of all business days — but for a straight hour or so, both Frost and himself must tend to a constantly growing line of people awaiting their orders. The rest of the evening is still quite active, with customers coming in and out at a less dense yet still incessant pace.He doesn’t experience much stress at his job — a blessing, others may think — and Kuai Liang is thankful that he only deals with such strain for what is merely an unremarkable fraction of the hours he puts into work. What he is simultaneously thankful and regretful for is having his single employee becoming trapped in the workload with him. She never complains when she’s serving someone, but when it is just the two of them behind the counter or in the kitchen, she holds little back.Tomas once told him that his tolerance for her attitude is unprecedented. He simply appreciates honesty, and as far as he knows, she still enjoys her position in spite of her criticisms.Frost stands at her designated spot at the register and in the corner of his eye Kuai Liang sees her peer around the corner before she inexplicably groans in disgust. He beams in response to her sneer, not having to even look at the clock himself to know where its hands lie. Thermometer in hand, he tests the temperature of each tub in the display freezer to ensure the appliance is running as it should.“Have we not survived every Friday and Saturday given to us in the past?” He asks, switching the thermometer from the chocolate ice cream to his personal chocolate and white chocolate fudge recipe.“It isn’t a test of character, boss,” she says, rolling her eyes at what he assumes to be his manner of speech. A few years away from his forties and he still can’t shake off the formal English he learned in school when he was still living in the outskirts of Beijing. It probably doesn’t do him much help that he prefers to be as polite as possible.“Your tone suggests it is,” he responds, wiping off the tool and leaning forward to test the row of sorbets. She doesn’t dignify him with a rebuttal and instead chooses to ignore him entirely.For a few moments, that is seemingly what everyone present in the parlor is doing, patrons keeping to themselves as they spoon shaved ice into their mouths, Frost opening the register to count the quantity of each type of note inside, Kuai Liang finishing his measurements with the coconut-based desserts. Through the windows it is easy to see the that rush hour is approaching, if the increased numbers of cars on the street are anything to go by.He looks up at the door when he hears a dainty chime out of habit, and the tall individual approaching the front is one he recognizes with little effort. “It is a pleasure to see you, Raiden,” he welcomes with a slight bow, not wanting to offer a sticky, sugar-covered hand to one of his favorite regulars. If his memory is serving him right, Kuai Liang hasn’t seen this particular face outside of a television screen for nearly a month, longer than the last time he had previously saw Tomas until last evening.Time loves to escape him lately, it seems.Raiden reciprocates the gesture, his lengthy, strikingly white hair falling forward from the motion. He opens his mouth once his posture is righted and states, “I have missed you and your shoppe. Forgive my absence.”“Nonsense,” Kuai Liang insists, reaching for a paper bowl and digging into a frozen vat with a freshly washed scoop without needing to wait for his order. Out of all of his returning customers, Raiden is the most consistent, not once requesting anything other than a medium-sized bowl of lemon sorbet.While Kuai Liang fills the bowl, Raiden turns to face the one standing behind the cash register. He greets her kindly, but — unsurprisingly and being largely expected — he is only met with an uninterested grunt, Frost not even bothering to share his gaze. She chooses to focus her attention on counting money. Kuai Liang knows that Raiden has learned to not take it personally, as they both have learned that she only carries conversation with her employer — barely so for that matter.Raiden brushes it off and looks to Kuai Liang once more, beginning the same smalltalk they partake in each time they meet with the statement, “Business is doing well, I hope.” He lifts the fabric of his suit jacket covering his back pocket and pulls out his wallet, opening the two-fold to sift through the notes inside.“Well,” Kuai Liang starts, stacking the last scoop of sorbet into the bowl, “you are to witness it at its most hectic in just a matter of minutes.” He waits to hand the purchase over to Raiden until the man has given Frost the amount of cash required, the cold seeping through the thin paper and chilling his fingers further.Raiden grins at Kuai Liang’s response as he gives Frost the payment. It is exact as always — down to the thirty-five cents composed of a quarter, a dime, and a nickel — and displays the same precision that Raiden uses at work, a fact that can be seen by anyone who watches the morning forecast regularly. He carries an air of elegance that is different than the woman clad in white-and-gold who frequents the parlor, movements and language and voice being rare to falter. A few creased bills join the growing pile forming in the tip jar. As he takes his sorbet, Raiden says, “To be busy is to be successful. You must be doing well.” “I suppose we are,” Kuai Liang agrees, gazing over at Frost and leaning onto the top of the display case with his arms folded across the brushed metal. She ignores the two of them again and walks through the kitchen doorway; he assumes that she is leaving to restock supplies prior to the rush. Kuai Liang points to the silvery tresses of the person before him and says, “Seldom do I see your hair down. It is much longer than I thought.”“Oh, yes,” he responds as if caught off-guard, pausing in his eating. “I have neglected to get it cut and keeping it tied up has been giving me headaches lately,” he finishes as he drops the spoon in the bowl. He rolls a thin lock of hair between his thumb and forefinger as he speaks, examining it briefly before opening his mouth again and effectively changing the subject with, “That beard is very becoming of you.”Kuai Liang chuckles at the compliment while absent-mindedly scratching at the dark hairs lining his jaw, thanking him and then noting, “It makes me look my age, that is for certain.” Raiden shakes his head at that, taking another bite from his off-white dessert, assuring his friend that he still has the face of a twenty year-old youth.Minutes speed by while Raiden and Kuai Liang catch-up with one another, the clatters of wooden spoons against plastic containers, the shivering of waxy paper scraping against each other, the hollow thud of thick straws striking the dispenser floating through the air as they both discuss the several weeks since their last conversation.They talk about the weather — specifically the arrival of the spring monsoon prior to the summer heat — and unfamiliar faces walking into the shoppe for the first time in months, though the details of whom are cut short as another patron walks in. Soon more new customers begin to filter through the doors, and Kuai Liang bids Raiden an abrupt farewell so that he and Frost may attend each customer properly.It is when he says hello to the red-haired woman — eyes shaped with dark, heavy makeup and clothed in scarlets brighter than her hair — that he remembers just how tall Raiden is, especially so in comparison to shorter individuals like Frost. He himself is of a large build, but Raiden manages to tower above him enough that Kuai Liang actually has to tilt his head up to meet eyes with the esteemed weatherman.As he prepares her order — small raspberry sorbet — he notes which table Raiden is seated at and while he understands the decision to sit with his back facing the door, Kuai Liang isn’t sure why he chose the largest table available if he is going to be eating alone. He pushes the thought aside, choosing not to overexamine it in favor of giving his customers his full attention.By the time he is handing her the vibrantly red treat and she is side-stepping over to Frost, a line is slowly manifesting behind her, people unevenly stretching from the display case to the midway point of the dining area.One after the other, he takes and prepares their orders until the end of the queue is nearly touching the entryway. Amidst the bustling activity at the front counter, Kuai Liang briskly explains who takes priority of what in order to hasten the process; he will take care of anything that comes from the display freezer, as well as shaved ice while she will operate the register, garnish orders with toppings, and prepare milkshakes.Their system works well, but the atmosphere is wearing down on the two of them faster than they’d like. While they are steadily getting through a large number of orders, the volume inside the modest space is becoming louder — due largely in part to many adult patrons bringing their children with them — and whatever songs playing over the speakers are practically inaudible among the chattering. Customers can be heard without trouble and they are all being quite patient and cordial, but he feels like everything is much more hectic than it truly is."Hey! Raidude!"The shout for attention is so resounding that the volume intensity of everyone's conversations drop down to zero for a few very confused seconds. Kuai Liang's brows furrow tightly as he looks up and around in the midst of coating an ice cream cone with caramel syrup, scanning the shoppe for the source of the voice. At the far side of the room, a man holds up one hand while cupping the side of his mouth with the other, brown hair pushed back by a pair of sleek sunglasses.Johnny.He appears to be completely unfazed by the surprised stares of the people around him, peering over to where Raiden is seated, fervently waving his hand as if to ensure that if he wasn’t heard then he must be seen instead.Distractedly Kuai Liang gives the cone to the awaiting customer, nodding and smiling at them briefly before quickly switching over to gaze at the second most famous person in this shoppe as he stands from his seat. He stares at Raiden’s back as he approaches Johnny, the two of them sharing the same happy gleam of teeth as they greet one another. Suddenly the town feels even smaller, and Kuai Liang doesn’t know what to make of it.Frost twists her head in silent questioning, looking at him with wide eyes darkened by knotted brows, and without her having to voice it he is certain that they are wondering the exact same thing. If anything, seeing Johnny Cage in person for the first time is likely leaving her dumbstruck. She at least recognizes him better than Kuai Liang had a few days ago.Everyone else in the parlor ruminates over the convergence of widely recognizable faces, hushed exclamations of awe and rough whispers of bewilderment among the guests returning the noise to their earlier levels.He attempts to recenter his focus onto those waiting right in front of them — taking orders and preparing them with the kind of speed that is only granted by years upon years of practice — but his eyes continue to drift to the far back, catching glimpses of the weatherperson and the actor while trying to discern how they know each other at all.Raiden bends down for a short second before rising back up again, holding an ever-gleeful Cassie in his arms and placing a kiss on her forehead. The group of three mingle together while the line becomes longer behind them, yet as the line moves forward and others step up to the counters, Kuai Liang has a more difficult time observing them clearly. Feeling only momentarily defeated, he tears his gaze away to tend to the  family of five awaiting assistance.One individual wants a milkshake, but the remaining four all request different ice cream flavors, causing him to ask his employee to take care of toppings for their orders to make everything go faster. It is when he moves over to stand directly beside Frost and then to carefully hand the youngest child of the family her ice cream bowl that he gets a better view of the end of the line, of Raiden and Johnny and Cassie, of a familiar black ponytail just behind them.A person blocking his line of sight shifts over as they switch their weight from one leg to the other, and there is that face again — soft nose, high and shapely cheekbones, narrow eyes with irises like that of russet cloth, dense facial hair that serves to soften the jaw rather than define it — that hits Kuai Liang like a punch landing on his diaphragm.Breath catches in his throat and for a moment his body locks in place, a second wave rushing over him, drowning out his lungs and halting the air from flooding out of his body. What was once captivation held by an unfamiliar but gorgeous person has now been replaced by a combination of relief and joy, unsuspecting of seeing the stranger again among so many other faces.His reverie hardly lasts long enough for the people around him to take notice before he’s turning back toward the display case, wiping his hands onto his white-on-black, pinstriped apron in an effort to regain his composure. He can’t allow himself to act like an idiot and become pushy again, if only to not endure the irritated glares of his subordinate and embarrassing himself in front of his customers, much less also scaring Hanzo off for good and losing his chance to get to know the man.He returns to the repetitive process of asking the same standard question — “What would you like?” — and then either taking it upon himself or having Frost prepare it instead with every individual who steps up to him, a routine that has become so second-nature that it is no surprise that it sometimes appears in his dreams.Both him and Frost fall into a steady tempo of moving around each other in the same small space behind the counters, her shoulders brushing along his back as she slinks past to the blender with a freshly-rinsed malt cup in hand, or him reaching past behind her head to grab a bowl for an order of shaved ice. They both become so engrossed in the rhythm that Kuai Liang almost doesn’t notice it is finally Johnny patiently waiting at the head of the line, Raiden standing beside him with Cassie still in his arms.He does his best to not allow his gaze wander over Johnny’s shoulder to look at Hanzo behind him, the man’s shoulders hunched over to talk to little Takeda currently clutching onto his hand.“Yo, Kuai Liang,” Johnny greets with a wink, holding a bowl of melting lemon sorbet.“I am glad to see you again so soon, Johnny,” he replies, truly meaning his words. When Johnny said he and his daughter would be revisiting in the near future, he hadn’t realized he meant in little over a day. “What may we get you today?”To his right Cassie lightly taps her little hand on the glass, drawing Kuai Liang’s attention over to her. She looks even tinier wrapped in Raiden’s embrace, practically disappearing behind the slate grey sleeves of his jacket as she clings onto him as best she can with her legs. Judging by her hooded eyes, it’s due time that she’s tucked into bed.“Strawberry again, Mr. Kuai Liang,” she requests with her chin partially buried in her shoulder. “But can I get a bowl this time?” Her voice sounds more like mumbling than the bubbly and clear speech from a couple days ago, but he understands her easily in spite of her sleepiness. He hums with amusement and assures her with, “Of course you may,” as he grabs for a bowl and then a clean scoop. He looks back up to Johnny as he gathers together the single scoop of pink, speckled ice cream to ask, “Would you like your previous order, as well?”“Nah,” Johnny raises a hand and waves it around as if brushing off an offer, “I only eat ice cream once a week. I’ll just get water.”Kuai Liang is silently thankful.He’d make more smalltalk if only he had the time for it, so he decides that he will have to chat with them another time and focuses on getting the line moving faster. When he asks Cassie if she wants sprinkles as before, she shakes her head “no” and quietly gives him her gratitude. Raiden reaches out to take the bowl for her and then grabs a spoon once she is holding the dessert herself, softly talking to her in an effort to keep her eyelids open most likely.Kuai Liang watches him carry her to the table he was seated at prior to their arrival, but another tap on the glass drags his gaze over again. Johnny leans forward a bit, lowering his voice as he mentions, “Hey, I’ve got something to talk to you about later. I, uh, can see you’re really busy right now.”He leaves it at that, paying Frost and dropping a few bills in the tip jar before heading to the far corner of the parlor where the water cooler sits. Kuai Liang stares after his retreating back — not being the only one to do so, undeniably — and having no idea what his newest customer could have in mind.There’s a sound of someone softly clearing their throat to his side and like an unexpected pinch in the arm he abruptly remembers just who was next after the famous actor.He turns his head to face the stranger who has managed to invade his thoughts time and time again since Tuesday, unconsciously taking in a sharp breath through his nose as he looks at him head on. Hanzo blinks at him repeatedly when their eyes meet, his expression strangely blank, yet the friendly air not gone from him at all. Takeda stands on his toes beside him as he scans his eyes along the frozen tubs, paying no mind to the adults surrounding him and alternatively pondering on what ice cream to get.“Hello,” Hanzo says finally, breaking the tenseness that he must have also felt falling over the two of them. His eyebrows raise only slightly as he speaks and, when the last syllable goes faint, his lips pull into an awkward smile, crooked and just barely showing teeth.Kuai Liang mirrors his grin and bows his head as he had with Raiden before he says, "I am grateful that my foolishness didn’t hinder your return."Hanzo laughs at that and his features relax, the discomfort vanishing, ease appearing on his face as he ducks his head timidly. "You were not foolish, I assure you," he responds, talking more toward the floor than to the person speaking with him. He brings his head back up and looks like he’s biting the inside of his cheek for a reason that Kuai Liang cannot exactly discern.He decides to let it aside and asks, "What would you like this evening?” The question flows as easily as it had with the dozens of customers before. He feels more composed standing face-to-face with Hanzo this time,  though the ceaseless fluttering behind his sternum is still there, reminding him and pushing him outside the boundaries of professionalism.This newfound composure being the result of not being completely off-guard or in the middle of an incredibly busy work shift he doesn’t know, but he’s contented with it either way.Hanzo and Takeda once again order plum shaved ice and a mint chocolate chip ice cream cone, respectively, and are both surprised that Kuai Liang still had them in his working memory when he says, “Oh, the same items as on Tuesday?” He’s always had impressive recall — perhaps that’s why learning a second language came so easily for him.For the sake of the eager clusters of people behind Hanzo, Kuai Liang avoids making conversation in favor of getting the ice cream prepared as swiftly as possible. He turns to Frost as he digs into the green and chocolate-speckled tub and asks her to make Hanzo’s request, pretending he didn’t see the callous look on her face as she walks toward the ice crank.Handing them their desserts is hardly different from anyone else from the past hour. There is no pressure to buy something, no small talk done in an effort to simply hear the other man’s voice, no grand feeling of accomplishment from finally getting him to ask for a uncommon order. He still feels a sense of satisfaction, though, from seeing the nostalgic smile on Hanzo’s face when he takes the first taste of sweet plum.Hanzo gives Frost a ten dollar bill, placing the four notes she gives back to him into the tip jar. As he is urged to Raiden’s table by Takeda’s hand tugging on his own, Hanzo cranes his neck over his shoulder and  glances at Kuai Liang in very much the same way as when he was on the sidewalk, soft eyes and gentle grin.Kuai Liang lets out a sigh that most would describe as lovestruck.The rest of the evening is a blur while he and Frost take care of the final advent of customers, working off of one another almost effortlessly to pass time until the line has dispersed. Every once in a while, typically between serving and taking a new order, he will peek at Raiden’s table near the right side of the building out of curiosity.Johnny and Cassie — the latter of whom seems about ready to fall asleep into her bowl of ice cream — sit with their backs to the wall, while Hanzo and Takeda sit across from them. Raiden is seated at one of the heads of the table, facing away from the front windows of the parlor. Their conversations appear largely easy-going, though inaudible to Kuai Liang as he operates behind the counters, and occasionally he hears someone laugh amongst the group.They all speak with one another amicably — at least the adults of the group — as if they’ve known each other for years. It is possible and perhaps likely that they have, yet he has no idea of how his two newest returning patrons knows one of his oldest regulars so closely. Maybe Tomas’ remark on their “small town” is simply that: individuals who know a friend of a friend all eventually becoming a collective of companions due to how diminutive this city is.It is when the crowd inside the shoppe has begun to dwindle and the skies outside have turned indigo where their discussion becomes a bit frenzied. He misses much of it — busy with attending to those who are waiting on his and his employee’s services — but the pieces he gets to observe are... fascinating.Johnny is leaning forward in his seat, drumming his hands on the tabletop as he lets out a waterfall of words at Hanzo sitting directly across from him. Despite how loudly the actor is speaking, Kuai Liang still cannot understand what he is saying from where he stands, but from the way Hanzo is burying his face in one of his hands it must be embarrassing, annoying, or both.Hanzo shakes his head eventually, putting up his hands in surrender and hunching his shoulders, body language mixed between wanting to melt into the chair he is sitting in in exasperation and wanting to wring Johnny’s neck if only to get him to stop talking. What Johnny is trying to convince him, Kuai Liang does not know, but the amused Raiden apparently agreeing with Johnny is palpable, entertaining, and strange all at once.When Johnny — and by extension Raiden — has appeared to give up, Kuai Liang turns around to clean out the blender now that there is no longer a queue formed at the counters. He goes into the kitchen to grab a spare washcloth, douse it in cool water, and lightly lather it with dish soap to use as a quick wipe down, but when he strolls back to the main dining room, who else but Johnny is lingering in front of the register. Past his casual leaning against the counter, the dining hall is mostly empty with only two or three tables occupied.Lowly he asks Frost if she will take care of it for him and she nods, grabbing the cloth with what is likely the last bit of energy she has left until she goes home — or whatever she does on Friday nights that she doesn’t want to tell her boss about. Letting the thought pass through his mind briefly, he actually doesn’t know her all that well.Patting his palms on his apron to remove the excess water, he looks to Johnny and says, “Hello again. What may I do for you?” “I’m going to make you an offer,” he replies, uncrossing his arms and digging out his wallet, “that you can’t refuse.”An offer? Kuai Liang isn’t sure how to respond, raising his eyebrows in silence as he waits for Johnny to continue. He is intrigued, though, as he has never had someone open a conversation in such a way. Granted, customers will request him to create a one-time only flavor for them to pickup later — or if several people request the same thing, provide it as a flavor of the week — but he doesn’t know what to expect.“Cass’ birthday is in a couple months and I want you to make ice cream for the party,” Johnny states, unfolding and fingering through the contents of his wallet.Reluctantly, Kuai Liang asks, “How much?”“About five gallons? My wife helped me out with how much I should pay you and she said it should be between nine hundred to a thousand dollars,” Johnny explains without pause. Kuai Liang stops listening after the amount of ice cream and his mind fills with the multitude of reasons why that much product will be extremely difficult to create.His work schedule is already pushing over sixty hours a week because the only individual running this meager parlor — help from Frost aside — is himself. Operating the shoppe takes much of his time and preparing the ice cream he needs to just get by week to week is something he does entirely on his own when he isn’t open for business, as well. These aren’t complaints, far from it. He loves this job and he simply doesn’t have the time...One thousand dollars.The number runs on an endless loop in his eardrums and Johnny keeps talking but Kuai Liang hasn’t been listening. “I... I am sorry, Johnny, could you repeat that?”Vague confusion twists his features for a split second before he opens his mouth again, saying, “I need five gallons for Cassie’s party on the Fourth of July and I’ll pay for everything you need?” In one of his hands is a stack of bank notes, folded in half and held together with a money clip. The topmost bill reads with a solid 100 on the side.“That is much more compensation than necessary...” Kuai Liang trails off, feeling lost. Johnny holds up a hand, sticking his emptied wallet into his back pocket with the other. “No way, Sonya and I sat together figuring this out and the money should totally cover supplies and your time,” he holds out the wad of cash over the top of the register, “and if you need more for ingredients or something I can cover that, too.”Kuai Liang dumbly takes the bills, probably looking ridiculous with his jaw dropped as he stares at the man commissioning him out of nowhere. Johnny lets go of the money while Kuai Liang’s arm hardly moves, having received the payment for work he hasn’t officially agreed to. Mumbling, he tells him, “I don’t believe I have the space for this.”“I can rent a spare freezer if ya need it,” Johnny counters. “Listen, I’ll have to get back to you on what flavors we need cause I’ve got to text everyone what they want,” he explains and then pauses, twisting his head over his shoulder to peer at his table. “Speaking of...”Johnny leans forward, setting one of his arms onto the countertop for leverage. The pause is palpable as Kuai Liang watches the friendly grin on his face become more mischievous, the corner pulling up into a toothy smirk and a single eyebrow quirking up as if he was about to attempt a terrible pick-up line. Lowly he says, “Hanzo will be there.”It isn’t the words themselves so much as the intent behind them that leads Kuai Liang’s eyes to widen, his lungs to take a sharp inhale through his nose, his muscles in his arms and legs to become tense. A plethora of emotions are running through his head — chagrin, confusion, shock, excitement — but above all he feels horribly, transparently gay.Johnny pushes himself off the counter with that same smirk splitting his face and waves goodbye before he returns to the table, striding proudly and victoriously. Kuai Liang stares after his retreating form, clenching the thin stack of hundreds between his thumb and index finger.Frost approaches from behind him and stops at his side, peering at Johnny’s payment with unexpected interest. He looks at her, finally clenching his jaw closed, and tries to find something to say, yet he is too much at a loss after the rollercoaster the celebrity forced him onto. She shrugs and purses her lips, however, traces of emotion in her eyes indicate that she is also quite surprised.Kuai Liang doesn’t know how much time has passed — seconds, minutes, what seems like hours — until he blinks and suddenly Hanzo is standing across from him at the counter, wringing his hands together nervously. He hadn’t even noticed the man get up and walk toward the back of the parlor and yet here he is.He blinks a few times and shakes his head as he composes himself, clearing his throat, tucking the cash into his back pocket, and then inquiring, “What can I help you with?” He sounds like a broken record today. How many times has he said a similar phrase in just the past hour?“Uh...” Hanzo starts, digging a thumb into one of his palms and gazing up at the ceiling. Sighing he meets Kuai Liang’s eyes, untangles his hands, and swallows. He opens his mouth and admits, “This is embarrassing, forgive me, but may I have your phone number?”There’s that wave rushing over his body again, drowning out his lungs. He can’t breathe.He stumbles, sensing the gaze of Frost against the back of his neck, feeling it itch and wanting to scratch at it. Nerves try to get the best of him, but he does his best to compose himself and smile politely. He nods, trying to find paper and pen near the register that he knows he doesn’t have, but Hanzo tells him that he can put the string into his phone and send him a message.Enduring the same foolishness he made of himself on Tuesday, he lists the numbers of his cell phone out loud to Hanzo, having him repeat the numbers back to him to ensure it’s correct. After hitting send on a text to Kuai Liang’s phone, Hanzo laughs in what sounds like sheepishness as he asks Kuai Liang to give him a call sometime.They bid each other farewell, waving clumsily at one another as Hanzo walks away to rejoin Takeda and the rest. He watches the group of five leave — Johnny carrying a sleeping Cassie, Hanzo holding Takeda’s hand — but notices Raiden looking back at him, smiling all-knowingly when he walks through the door last.Kuai Liang stands there with a thousand dollars tucked in his back pocket, an unread text message from the man who has left him enamored for over three days, the smirk of his only employee boring at him from the corner of his eye, and it is all just too surreal.



FROST
Chapter Summary
It's Saturday. Kuai Liang attempts to connect with his only employee and succeeds — mostly.



June 12 is the date logged onto Frost’s application, scribbled in small, sharp letters in a dark blue ink over pure white printer paper. He hadn’t put the job opening online and it was up to anyone walking past the shoppe or actively exploring this side of town to see the handwritten sign reading “now hiring” against the window.That was 345 days ago from today, and Kuai Liang is trying to wrap his mind around the fact that he has known her for almost a solid year now. Time goes by so quickly.Frost was one of the first to step through the door with the intention of filling out an application, not purchasing an ice cream cone or a sixteen ounce milkshake. She wasn’t particularly amicable then either, fixing him with a bored stare as she asked about the sign and pulling a pen out of her modest satchel at the same time. Her lack of enthusiasm should have put him off, but he found himself unperturbed by it.Perhaps her attitude was given the same ridiculous patience that Tomas has been poking at him about since their childhoods. He just likes giving people the benefit of the doubt.The penmanship was miniscule enough that he had to squint to read it and eventually made an appointment with a local optician to ensure his vision wasn’t finally going bad; his eyes were fine and he blames it on being the Latin alphabet rather than the hanzi text he grew up reading. A few glances at her class notes when she’s studying during lulled hours at the shoppe show that her writing is still just as tiny.Under the heading for previous work experience sits a position at another ice cream parlor — the only applicant to have such — but at a location in a city hundreds of miles away. Aside from her demeanor, she had the most qualifications for the position the four others who applied the same week.He still can’t remember the birth name written at the top, just “Frost” written on the line for an optional preferred name. Maybe the coincidental nickname gave him a chuckle — he doesn’t quite remember — but never has he called her by that legal name.She’s always referred to him as “Boss” and never by name, though he has yet to decide if it bothers him or not — or if he should even criticize her for it.Does she refuse to call him by his actual name so as to maintain a lack of familiarity with him? He wonders this only because he realizes he knows next to nothing about her, despite being coworkers for almost a solid year now. And in truth, this is something he would like to change.While they are closing up — the sun having long set, customers lingering in the shoppe no longer, outside building lights shut off — Kuai Liang catches Frost while she is in the midst of taking inventory in the kitchen, counting the quantity of waffle mix bags inside a counter cabinet. The sheet pinned onto the clipboard is filled with numbers in her handwriting; strangely, the digits are written larger than the letters.He stands at her side, positioning at the right angle so that she sees his feet before hearing his voice, primarily so he doesn’t surprise her on accident. Without waiting too long, she quietly inquires if he needs her for something, busily scribbling with the gel pen in her right hand.Shifting his weight from one foot to the other, he responds, “Not for a task. Would you sit down with me for a few moments?”She gazes up at him from her place on the ground, blank and unreadable. Setting the clipboard atop the counter, she gets up and looks to him as if he gave her an order rather than a choice. Making her feel obligated was not his intention, but he sees little point in clarifying or saying she should not have to agree to a non-work related request. He notes to himself to work on his syntax as he turns around, beckoning for her to follow.She trails after him as he walks into the dining area, the wide room illuminated at half their usual intensity with the array of ceiling lamps turned on in staggered patterns. He chooses one of the small circular tables, sitting down on the furthermost chair while Frost seats herself in the one across from it.Now that he finally has a moment to speak with her, he isn’t sure how he should even start. Directly in front of him she stares with little emotion to be found in her features, shoulders barely hunched as her arms hang plainly at her sides. He may be a big person physically, but Frost does not need to do much to intimidate him through sheer body language.“I understand that you’re likely just as exhausted as I am after today,” he starts, shifting his weight atop the leather cushion, “but...”With a sigh Kuai Liang brings a hand to his back, pulling one of the bow’s tails to unravel the knot of the apron. It falls loose at his waist. He then grabs the neck strap, lifting it over his head and pressing the fabric in his lap. When he returns his gaze back to hers, however, Frost speaks up before he has the chance to continue.“Are you going to lecture me?” She sounds largely uninterested.Quickly he counters, “No, I wish to speak to you not as your boss but as a fellow employee.” He is met by silence after stating as such and he elaborates, “So that we can learn more about one another.”Despite his genuineness, the expression on her face fails to change at all. Instead she leans back into the chair, folding her hands over her thighs and flatly asking, “Why?”“Do you find it strange that we have been working together for nearly an entire year, yet know next to nothing about each other?” he inquires, leaning forward with his forearms bracing onto the tabletop as if trying to close the gap she created.“No.”He should have expected as much. Always so short with words and straight to the point, Frost would not be bothered by the absent friendship they have as mere coworkers. She would have said so otherwise.“Will you amuse me then?” he responds, lacing his fingers together and probably appearing less friendly and more business in the process.With a groan of disgust, Frost crosses her arms and resigns, turning her head away to point an annoyed stare into an invisible spot on the floor. After a beat she begrudgingly says, "Fine."He supposes that he should start with the basic and obvious. "Do you enjoy working here?"A shrug. "I guess.""Do you like having me as your boss?"Her glare quickly shifts from the tiled ground to bore directly into his eyes, quirking an eyebrow as she says, "I thought this was a friendly chat, not a job evaluation.""Right, okay, no work discussion," he replies, parting his hands and holding them up in defense. She's correct — he doesn't intend to interrogate her on her proficiency as a parlor clerk. He opens his mouth again to continue the conversation, but with each question he asks the more he sees how painfully one-sided it is.Whenever he throws her a general inquiry, her response is as limited as possible, composed solely of single-word answers or the occasional phrase that is often ambiguous at best. When he asks her about school, she just shrugs once more, saying “It’s school.” His attempts to dig deeper — what classes is she taking, who does she sit with for lunch, how are her grades, what her favorite subject is — are met with similar, barely comprehensive replies.He does learn a few things, though, in spite of her bluntness. She sits with a group of kids who also dye and cut their hair in unconventional ways. Just like her performance at work, she is diligent with her studies and is unsurprisingly a successful student, coming home with report cards listing few letters other than the letter “A.” Her schedule entails the standard core subjects — language, history, science, mathematics — amongst an art class or two and, if her use of the phrase “kind of like” is anything to go by, she has a particular interest in calculus.She mentions physical education as a class she doesn’t really mind, as well. He finds the possibility of a shared interest in exercise as a launching pad for balancing out their stunted discussion, but her dislike of weight-lifting and her preference in cardio causes his list of queries to run dry. This simply leads him back to poking and prodding on aspects of her school life.A bitter grimace forms on her face when he asks about her instructors, shifting her gaze away from him again to look off in space, most likely thinking yet not vocalizing her feelings on the matter. Considering how she interacts with him regularly, he thinks Frost just has problems with authority, and he wonders if this extends into the household, as well. The topic of family he tries not to pry too much into, though, only asking if she gets along with her parents — she does, but they aren’t close, it seems — and if she has any siblings, to which she says “No, I don’t.”A lull falls over the two of them, reminding Kuai Liang just how quiet the shoppe is past nightfall. Expression vaguely irritated with a tenseness in her jaw and a knot pulling her brows, Frost twists her body in the chair to glance at the clock on the wall beside the display case. It’s late, it’s a Saturday night, and if she has any plans for the weekend, he’s keeping her from them.Before she takes the chance to speak up, Kuai Liang tries to compromise with her. “Listen, I will only ask of you one more question and then I will bother you no longer,” he says, putting his hands up again as he had before, palms out and facing the person across from him. She sighs, readjusting her posture against the backrest, shifting her furrowed gaze away for only a moment before shooting her vivid blue eyes back at her employer. He ponders where she learned to stare with such intensity."For all the time you have worked here, I have never seen you eat any of the items that we serve to others," he says, then settling his hands onto his lap as he continues, "so I wonder what your favorite dessert even is."Even though she rolls her eyes at such a statement, her expression softens if only by a sliver, the crease of her brows faltering, the corners of her mouth being pulled into a pursed and conflicted smile, the tenseness of her shoulders easing and falling into gentle slopes. What she’s thinking, he doesn’t know, but already he can feel the grin returning to his face at her finally not looking so full of disdain.The hardness in her voice is still there as she says, “You don’t even make it, so it doesn’t matter.” When she’s finished speaking, her eyes do not shift over to meet his again, still staring at a spot past his body in a absent-minded stare. Suddenly he understands the mood she carries is not entirely that of disdain but rather more of something akin to dejection.He disregards the tone of her words — not sure how to approach even the slightest bit of vulnerability she’s shown him for the first time — to instead implore with her to share it with him anyway. “I am sure that I can make an attempt,” he claims, reminding himself of Tuesday afternoon and the revelation of sweet plum-flavored syrup.If what she says is true, then who knows? Maybe it will become a permanent addition to his menu.A hand lifts to rub at the soft dip of her temple, sitting in silence for a few moments as she closes her eyes in what is most likely thought — hopefully not anger. The glittered cerulean shadow on her eyes glimmer in the faint lights of the dining area, thin lines of makeup formed in the creases of her eyelids after a long day of work.Since her first day, the more... conservative and often older customers give her dirty looks sometimes, staring pointedly at her extravagant eye makeup, blue gradients painted up to her impeccably shaped eyebrows and thick, black liner framing the sharp gaze of her eyes. And if it wasn’t the heavily applied makeup on her eyes that earned their disapproval, it was always the short, bleached shock of hair atop her head instead.Kuai Liang has never minded the way she presents herself, mostly in part because he believes he is no place to police her personal choices even as her employer, but also he appreciates the effort someone puts into feeling comfortable in their own skin at a young age, something he felt he couldn’t achieve in his own youth. The deep scar across his face has become so natural to him that he’s hardly conscious of it now, but through his adolescence he was constantly worried about it, afraid of strangers staring and his peers throwing ridicule at him.Frost exhales and simply states, “Blue raspberry lemonade slushie.”He is almost taken aback at the specificity of her favorite — which explains why she hadn’t mentioned it before — but regardless he gets out of his chair, pushing it in with a muted dragging sound. He sets his folded apron on the table and then heads toward the kitchen. She doesn’t follow him, deciding to stay in her seat while he ruminates on how to prepare a slushie.Her saying lemonade makes him want to head straight for the fridge as soon as he walks into the kitchen, but going through his mental inventory checklist, he ran out of lemons this morning when preparing another batch of the pale yellow sorbet.Crouching down in front of a counter, he searches the cabinet holding his collection of shaved ice syrups, digging around for one labeled blue raspberry and one for lemon-lime. From experience with creating sorbet, he knows that there must be a proper balance between sugar and water in order to keep the dessert from either becoming completely solid or an icy soup. It’s been years since he has made a miscalculation with his sorbet recipe, so now he has to teach himself how to mess up again.Grabbing the blue bottle with one hand and the yellow-green bottle with the other, he stands up and shuts the cabinet door with his foot, taking long strides out of the kitchen to set the containers on the countertop space near the blender. With a grief glance he sees Frost watching him as he goes to the icebox, using the shovel to pour cubes to the midway point of the blender jar.He takes a paper cup usually meant for milkshakes and returns to the back to fill about a third of it with water. The clear liquid joins the ice inside the plastic jar, the blocks creaking and cracking in it. Without turning his head as he works, Kuai Liang calls out saying, “I am afraid that I do not have any means of creating a lemonade flavor, so I will have to make do with lemon-lime syrup.” He waits for a possible response as he twists off the cap of a bottle, and all he receives is a plain “okay.”Eyeballing the measurements, he pours the vivid blue syrup over the ice and watches as the cubes soak up the color. He splashes just enough of the electric yellow flavoring that the drink remains bright sapphire blue, trying to avoid it from fading into a sea green shade and effectively defeating the “blue raspberry” tone of the beverage.With a press of a button the appliance comes to life, shredding and crushing the ice into fine chunks. After only a few seconds the blender has nearly liquidized the ingredients, so he switches it back off to keep the drink at the right consistency. He twists the jar and pulls it off of the base by the handle, tipping it over only slightly to taste test the slush with the dip of his middle finger. It’s good.He carefully pours the blue drink into the same cup as before, filling it at around the two-thirds mark, draining the blender jar aside from the expected remains. Before he approaches Frost, he pulls out a straw from the container beside the register and pushes the purple plastic right in the center.As he takes his final step towards her, she still appears bored, expression caught between unimpressed and curious. She grabs the base of it with her palm on its underside as he hands it to her and brings the straw to her mouth for her first tentative sip.He settles in the chair across from her again, watching her face as she sucks on her teeth after her first gulp, scanning her eyes across the granite tabletop as if she was reading the cracks inside the stone. He sees it when her eyelashes flutter, when lips curl in a small grin, when her brows go tender and suddenly she looks soft. It lasts for longer than a brief moment in time, longer than all the other times he saw a hint of warmth in such a cold gaze and blinked only to find it gone as easy as it came.“Do you enjoy it?” he asks, confidently scooting his seat forward. He folds his hands in his lap again while she places hers onto the table, both palms cradling the base of the plain white paper cup, swallowing the second sip and immediately going for another. Kuai Liang chuckles faintly, scratching the side of his neck with nails that are in need of a trim. Clearly she does.She tries more of it the third time around, savoring the taste as she rolls it around her mouth with her tongue. He tries to remember even a single time where she ate or at least tried anything from Dragon Ice’s menu, yet his memory serves him well as well as he thought and what he told her earlier was true; she never has.Frost relaxes into a slump in her chair while finishing her third taste, grin not yet removed from her face. She is tentative as she parts her lips to say, “Yeah. Thanks, boss.” Seemingly realizing the way she looks in this moment, she straightens her back and sits upright, hardening her face with a tap of her cup on the table.“Okay,” she declares, “now it’s my turn for Twenty Questions.”His grin broadens at that and he replies, “Gladly.”Most of her inquires reflect his own in some way, with less emphasis on academia and more on early work experience. Building the business was difficult on his own — though not without some help from Tomas when he was able — but it’s strange to think it has nearly been a decade since he first hung the “open” sign on the glass door. Some of his customers have been visiting for almost the same amount of time, such Raiden or that mysterious karate gi-wearing man whose name he still doesn’t know.She does ask about his life prior to moving to this lakeside town, back in mainland China, living in the foothills of the Beijing mountains. Like Frost, he did quite well in school, though he wasn’t into mathematics as much as she is, more of his interest resting in history and a few culinary courses. He says only a bit about his elder brother, recalling snowball fights in the winter and sparring in the summer.The question of his parents is awkward not for him, but for her, when he plainly replies that he is an orphan. He doesn’t think much of his lack of parents — doesn’t see why he would if he didn’t really have them to begin with — especially now that he is so much older, but Frost looks rigid, as if she had said something out of line. He explains it to her — he and his brother were orphaned at very young ages — and assures that he takes no offense from the question. How could he if he spent ten minutes being nosy with her?He tells her more about Tomas, about his endeavors as a common volunteer at the animal shelter downtown, about finding each other again in an entirely different country. Then he admits that he honestly doesn’t have many friends aside from his beloved childhood companion and the regular patrons he can easily carry conversations with.It is then that her expression turns a bit sly, teasing smirk tugging at one side of her mouth as she finishes off another sip of the treat. She sets the drink onto the table, fingers still curled around each side as she stares directly at him, the same menace he saw on her face yesterday.He knows what she’s going to say before she even opens her mouth.Already he feels heat building up in his face, embarrassment born from being read by a famous stranger who did it with so little effort and subsequently have his young coworker take notice of it, too. He doesn’t have much of a personal life outside of work — his job is his life — but romance and relationships are the few things that he tries to keep outside of the parlor.“Have you called the pretty boy yet?” she asks, sticking the straw in her mouth again as she stifles a giggle.Kuai Liang groans internally, dragging a hand down his face and feeling the hotness searing at his cheeks as his fingers skim over the skin. He was hoping to avoid this, but he has no reason to be dishonest with her, not after prying her about her own life — even if he didn’t ask her about a crush or a significant other.“Not yet,” he sighs. He’s nervous, speaking to Hanzo for the first time outside of work. The man hasn’t contacted him either, but it’s hardly been twenty-four hours since he listed out the digits of his phone number out loud, and he’s been busy with the weekend work rush, and—“I didn’t peg you for a gay man,” she says and Kuai Liang fumbles, finding himself unable to control the situation like Johnny had done to him just the evening before. Before he can explain himself — didn’t think it was important, didn’t want to out himself for fear of rejection — she continues, “I don’t really care. I’m not straight either.”Well.No judgment to be found, then.Her honesty relieves him, if only a little. Still he scrambles around in his mind for something to say while she nonchalantly downs more of her frozen beverage. It isn’t like him to get flustered, and he makes point of not becoming a mess by avoiding such circumstances as these. If he hadn’t been so enamored by someone he had never seen before, he would have been spared by the onslaught of embarrassment for this entire week.“I apologize for my moments of unprofessionalism recently,” he states, distracting his unease by flattening the apron sitting upon the table, creases sharpening as he stretches his palm from one side to the other.Frost hums in amusement, standing up with the drink in hand. He looks up at her as she straightens her posture, waiting for him to meet her gaze so she can say, “At first I hated it because I thought you were being annoying. Now I don’t mind it because it means I get see you squirm.” Without missing a beat she asks, “Can I go now?”We are being friendly, Kuai Liang tells himself, I am not her boss right now.“Of course,” he replies, standing up as well and towering over her short form, the top of her head barely reaching his shoulders. She turns away, heading toward the back office to grab her backpack, untying the apron with her free hand as she does so. Kuai Liang follows after her and stops at the counter, reading over the unfinished chart full of handwriting that isn’t his own.She emerges from the office within a few moments, bag slung over one of her shoulders with her apron draped over the opposite arm. He nods toward her as she passes, but she timidly pauses mid-stride and shifts her gaze back and forth from the floor to his face. “Thanks again. It’s good,” she says with a shake of the cup, the slush shuffling around inside with the motion.Kuai Liang smiles at her and she starts walking again, sipping on the drink with determination to get to the front door as soon as she can.“Have a nice night, Frost,” he calls to her back.Frost lifts an open hand above her head in a still wave. “You too, boss.”
Despite the sounds of the gentle guitar streaming through the laptop speakers, the ring of soft chimes echoing into the kitchen, the simple ambiance of boiling water on the stovetop, his cell phone feels like it’s burning a hole through his pants’ pocket.Kuai Liang tries to distract himself with stirring the noodles of his late-night dinner and making sure that they do not stick to the pan, but the new number in his contacts list is getting the best of his attention, reminding him that he finally has an opportunity to speak with Hanzo one-on-one without the weight of customers requiring his service at the same time. He can talk to Hanzo.With his heart slamming against his ribcage with the right amount of ferocity for it to tear out of his chest, he pulls his phone out of his pocket and unlocks it with a quick swipe. It doesn’t take him long to scroll down to Hanzo’s among the sea of names and faces, yet he continues to hesitate with his thumb hovering over the call button.He closes his eyes while taking a deep breath and on the back of his eyelids he sees Frost’s impish, devious expression smirking back at him, the words “pretty boy” falling off her tongue with the same teasing, I see the way you look at him tone as Johnny Cage.His thumb meets the smooth glass of his phone with frustrated determination, mind screaming at him for letting his awkwardness overtake him and for allowing the weaponization of his infatuation to be used against him by his own employee.The dialing tone goes on for what feels like forever, making the beating in his chest only sound harder in his ears among the phone’s ringing, but suddenly it ends and he is met with an unprepared and flustered, “Hello?” On the other end of the call he hears the squeal of a child’s laughter and what sounds like a plastic toy being thrown around on the floor.“Hello,” Kuai Liang replies and then clears his throat, peering at the skillet to check on the sliced beef cooking inside as he answers. “It is, uh, Kuai Liang. From the ice cream parlor.”“Oh!” the voice exclaims, “Forgive me for not recognizing your voice. You... ah, you sound different.” In the background he hears the child — Takeda, most definitely — giggling again, little feet smacking around hardwood floors and getting closer and closer to the microphone with each step.“So do you,” he says, turning off the stovetop with the smile creeping onto his lips. Hanzo chuckles into the phone, a warm and welcoming sound filtering through the tiny speakers and causing the fluttering returning to Kuai Liang’s stomach. “I know it is late, but I do not have much free time throughout the day.”“You need not worry,” he says, pulling the phone away for a moment to shout for Kenshi’s assistance. “Work keeps me occupied just the same, at least when I am not busy attempting to put a child to bed,” he continues, the chuckle of another man’s voice in the background following soon after.That unsure twist pulls at his gut again, but he lets it fade as he laughs along, too. The nervousness itching at his skin melts into a comfortable ease as their conversation flows on as if they've been talking together for weeks already. The two of them trade leisurely back-and-forths about work, dinner, and the prospect of a birthday party hosted by Johnny Cage, the surrounding world seemingly vanishing around them and leaving Kuai Liang to simply listen to the sound of Hanzo's voice.



HANZO
Chapter Summary
It's a week later. Hanzo visits the parlor by himself.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The succeeding workweek continues on as it always has, Sunday only lasting a handful of hours compared to the day preceding it.Monday begins with the sun fully rising after Kuai Liang has already formulated two vats of fresh ice cream to be thrown in the freezer for the remaining day.Tuesday is prefaced with Frost looking both awake and equally jaded as normal during her short, early morning shift.Wednesday marks the return of the mysterious patron who feels entitled to out-of-season, coffee-based ice cream with the possible threat of a concealed revolver if not complied.Thursday is simply another boring lull, highlighted by Frost's groans of disgust at the appearance by the lovable Johnny Cage and his daughter, visiting for clarification of his commission.Friday notes the hottest day of the year so far and an influx of local customers to match it. Among their chatter, Kuai Liang overhears gossip of the aforementioned celebrity becoming a regular at the small establishment, and he's unsure what exactly to make of it.Saturday — today — is a rush that blurs past him until suddenly the parlor is empty and the whirring of the stand-up mixer is the only sound to be had throughout the kitchen.White ice cream base swirls with bright red streaks as the whisk spins around the edges of the steel bowl, food dye staining the colorless base as it slowly transforms into a gentle pink, a vibrant red, and finally into a dark crimson after countless rotations. With a plastic container filled to the brim with cake, Kuai Liang takes chunks of it, gloved hand crumbling the baked good into the ice cream piece by piece, sprinkling the top like blood-stained snowfall.For all his years owning this parlor, he's only made a red velvet flavor on a single other occasion, two autumns ago where it was a frequent purchase for the week it was on sale yet not enough for it to make a return soon after. Yesterday, while stopping by the market to pick up resupplies, his eyes caught the bright packaging of a red velvet cake mixture and figured it was time for it to have a second chance.Frost left a while ago — he allowed her to leave early, actually, as compensation for keeping her late the Saturday before — and with the short clock hand getting closer and closer to the number 10, it is just him and his mixer in the small store, quietly working together into the still night.With a swipe of his finger, he taste tests the recipe, catching a cluster of cake crumbs atop the clump of crimson dessert. It's savory and sweet — more so than what he typically serves — but the lingering tones of cream cheese is rich, and the soft, moist cake dispersed among all the flavors completes it with a solid finish. It will taste even better when it's fully frozen.Satisfied, he turns the machine off, releasing the safety lock to lower the bowl enough to remove the whisk attachment. Unable to resist, he catches some drops of the ice cream mixture with his tongue, licking a few of the metal wires clean before he tosses it into the soapy, water-filled sink basin at the far side of the tiny kitchen. Unconsciously, he starts humming a tune to himself as he wipes some strayTwisting the bowl free from the stand, Kuai Liang lifts the hefty steel carrying a gallon's worth of sugar and cream onto the table beside the machinery. He readjusts his grip into an underhand position and pours its contents with ease into one of the many reusable ice cream tubs that can be found throughout the shoppe.The motion is so practiced for him that he hardly makes anything of it, but occasionally he'll recall once watching Frost strain to lift the mixing bowl high enough to pour cleanly into one of the rectangular tubs, the combination of the table being too tall for her stature and the weight of the ice cream mixture inside an industry-quality bowl of steel more than her strength can stand without considerable effort. She ended up spilling more than a third of the sea-salt caramel ice cream onto the table. The incident left her so embarrassed that she refused to assist him in the mixing process ever since, grumbling at how much she hates lifting weights anyway.He can’t really blame her for it, and as such hasn’t even made the slightest suggestion that she make another attempt after that slow Thursday afternoon. Her refusal isn’t much of a loss to begin with, considering he’s been doing this routine on his own for close to a decade. It would be nice to have some help, though. One day, he thinks.Using a rubber spatula, Kuai Liang scrapes out as much of the reddened liquid from the sides as he is able before joining the utensil and bowl with the whisk in the sink, soap suds already reflecting the slightest tinge of pink from the water below it.Turning around, he searches the cabinets beneath the assembly table for a lid, grabbing the last remaining one pressed against the wall like a book on a shelf, pinned to the side by a pallet of condensed milk. Placing it atop the tub, he pushes down on the edges with one hand while searching for scotch tape with the other, grabbing the roll and an adjacent marker from the shelf in front of him.Ripping off two pieces, Kuai Liang places each strip atop the lid and uncaps the marker to write “RED VELVET” on the first and “CAKE” on the second in large, bold letters. As he replaces the marker cap and squats to place the ice cream onto the freezer’s bottom shelf, he hears a knocking sound up front, causing him to pause mid-motion.In all his years running this business, he has never heard unusual sounds after operating hours nor was paranoid of any danger befalling him or the store while alone. If anything were to happen, he could defend himself with his bare hands or an improvised weapon from somewhere inside the parlor; it is not as if he’d forgotten an entire adolescence training in both Shotokan and kung fu, nor has he abandoned his athleticism since emigrating out of Beijing.Still, if someone was attempting to break in or cause him injury, what would be the purpose? Most transactions are through card, leaving the register holding less than one hundred dollars in its tray. Would it really be worth it to rob a local establishment ran by a documented immigrant weighing over two hundred pounds and standing over six feet tall?Still, it is not as if the risk is non-existent.Pushing the tub completely into the freezer and standing upright, Kuai Liang shuts the door carefully and quietly, taking mindful steps toward the shelving beside the doorway, skimming the metal surface for his worn box cutter. He peers around the corner of the door frame and finds the silhouette of a figure standing at the store’s entrance, head bowed and shoulders slightly hunched as the streetlamps glow behind him. When Kuai Liang steps into the main room of the parlor, the figure’s head rises and Kuai Liang pushes the box cutter’s release with his thumb immediately.The stranger raises a hand and waves.Slowly, Kuai Liang reaches his free hand to his left, flicking one of the switches hidden behind the shaved ice machine. The parlor comes to life with light and the glow illuminates the uninvited guest at the door. Even from here, he can recognize the high slant of Hanzo’s cheekbones.He breathes a quiet sigh of relief, sheathing the blade of the box cutter and tucking the instrument into his front trouser pocket. As he digs for the keys in his other pocket to unlock the door, the gentle buzz of anxiety in his stomach is replaced with the squeezing thrum of pining in his chest, eager to discover the reason behind Hanzo’s unannounced visit.They’ve conversed a few times since their first call the weekend prior, creating a routine of sorts each time with Kuai Liang making dinner at his humble apartment while Hanzo enjoys some downtime after putting Takeda to bed, Kenshi’s muted voice occasionally sounding in the background as they talk. They discussed the prospect of meeting up sometime soon, but had yet to solidify any plans during their thirty minute calls.Not that their encounters had to be planned at all. He’ll take any opportunity he can to say even a few words to this man who has swept him off his feet without even trying.On the other side of the glass, Hanzo appears modest, a small smile pulling at his lips as he awaits the door to be unlocked. He sidesteps before Kuai Liang pushes the door open, taking one of his hands out of his jacket pocket to push it the rest of the way himself.“Hey,” Hanzo starts, but trails off, still holding the door open.“Hello,” Kuai Liang replies, just as stunted for what their next step should be as seemingly Hanzo is.They both stand in the doorway for a few elongated moments, staring at one another wordlessly, before Kuai Liang shakes himself awake, stepping aside and giving his guest room to allow himself in. Hanzo blinks a few times and chuckles lowly as he accepts the invitation, ducking his head again in what Kuai Liang reads as sheepishness.They meet eyes again. “I apologize if I’m intruding,” Hanzo says slowly, as if he was calculating the words after he already started speaking.Kuai Liang grins earnestly, shaking his head. “Seeing you is always a pleasure.”Hanzo laughs at that, averting his gaze to look toward his feet. One of his hands comes up to squeeze a muscle in his shoulder.There’s another awkward, silent pause.Fiddling with his hands, Kuai Liang finally asks, “What brings you here?”“It was... an impulsive decision. I was unsure if you had left for home already.” He looks around the humble store, the low lights giving the baby pink-tiled walls and white, speckled tabletops a soft glimmer. “You mentioned staying late before, and with Takeda in bed and Kenshi at home, I was able to spare the time...”Bringing his hands to the bow at his waist, Kuai Liang begins removing his fruit-patterned apron. “Fortunately, you caught me on a night where I lost track of time,” he says as he brings the neck strap over his head. “May I make you a cup of tea?”“Only if you wish, though it would be greatly appreciated,” Hanzo replies.“It is no trouble. I have jasmine and oolong. Which would you like?”“Um...” Hanzo begins shrugging out of his jacket, and Kuai Liang does his best not to stare at the way the muscles of his chest flex underneath his dark t-shirt. “Jasmine, if you don’t mind.”“Not at all.” 
 Carrying a steaming kettle in one hand and juggling two mugs and a small container of sugar in the other, Kuai Liang returns to the dining area some moments later.Sitting at a table wedged in the corner, Hanzo scrolls mindlessly on his phone, the light bathing his face in gentle blue hues. The dim lamps above give everything else in the parlor a visible warmth, and the contrast of both colors paint soft shadows across Hanzo’s brows, cheeks, jaw.Once again, that twist in his chest hits him and Kuai Liang wonders how a man could be so damn handsome.At the sound of approaching footsteps, Hanzo looks up from whatever he was doing to pass time and almost immediately rises from his seat. “If you needed help, I—”“Nonsense. You are my guest,” Kuai Liang interrupts kindly, putting the sugar jar on the table and clinking the mugs hanging over his ring finger in the process. “Please, sit.”Hanzo acquiesces, settling back into his chair and grabbing his phone to put it in one of his jacket pockets, the garment resting over the back of his seat. Kuai Liang says nothing of it while settling the mugs onto the table, but he appreciates the gesture; they’ll be giving one another their undivided attention, something that has been difficult during their phone calls over the past week.Pulling the plain, wooden trivet secured between his bicep and ribs and settling it on the far side of the table, Kuai Liang carefully places the kettle atop it. “It smells wonderful,” Hanzo says quietly while Kuai Liang sits across from him.Kuai Liang gives him a grin and a nod of thanks before pulling the lid off of the sugar. He gestures to it for Hanzo’s input, who shakes his head and declines. As expected by a properly hospitable host, despite his own want for sweetened tea, Kuai Liang dismisses it for a moment to pour into Hanzo’s cup, starting low and gradually raising the kettle above the mug until full.A quiet word of gratitude accompanies Hanzo’s hands wrapping around the plain ceramic cup, apparently replacing the warmth of his jacket pockets with freshly brewed tea. He did appear to be trying to stay warm while waiting for Kuai Liang to welcome him inside. As for himself, Kuai Liang doesn’t feel that it is even the slightest bit chilly outside, but he’s always thrived in the cold, even in temperatures below freezing.He adds “an aversion to the cold” to an ever-growing list of “things that make Hasashi Hanzo endearing” among a variety of traits he’s learned about the man over the past ten days, including items like “loving plum flavor,” “being moderately allergic to squid,” and “hating the feeling of seaweed on his feet.”He hopes that, in time, the list becomes so long he struggles to remember the entirety of its contents.With a generous spoonful, Kuai Liang adds sugar to his cup before pouring for himself, repeating the same rising motion borne from years of watching his master serve tea after training sessions. If he’s being honest, though, he would rather be having jasmine with Hanzo using more customary and traditional instruments — crushing blocks and rollers, brushes, whisks, stone mills — at a tea table low to the floor than out of dime-a-dozen kitchen mugs at an ice cream parlor table.Not to demean the work he’s done here, but he feels that it would be much more welcoming sipping tea at his apartment or even at Hanzo’s residence, if he’d have him. It would feel more personal that way.Perhaps that’s just his deeply-buried homesickness peaking through his thoughts, but for him the differences between Chinese and Japanese tea practices are not as important as their similarities, and being able to share a common practice with someone who’d connect to it on a personal level is an idea that threatens to make him downright giddy at the prospect.That, however, will have to wait until he can acquire a new teaware set or finally repair the one he brought from home, each piece wearing the scars of a chip along the rim or having shattered into pieces during the transport process. Yet another item, along with a bicycle and an outdoor chair for the deck, on his list of things to one day buy.For now, he can only relish the small amount of time he can spend with Hanzo tonight, their busy schedules giving them this little window during the week to enjoy one another’s presence alone and without distraction.They spend a couple minutes in a much more comfortable silence, taking mindful sips of still-steaming tea. Amidst the quiet hush that has fallen over the humble parlor, Hanzo compliments Kuai Liang’s brewing ability and their gazes meet again at last. Hanzo appears less anxious and more composed, a sight which brings a smile to Kuai Liang’s face, thankful that their first proper... date...?Wait, is this a date?
Oh, gods.
Gulping down the tea he momentarily forgot he was drinking, Kuai Liang tries to abandon that train of thought before it gets the best of his nerves and begins with an absolutely-not-frenzied attempt at small talk. “So, how was your day today?”Hanzo swallows his sip and clears his throat before replying, “Tiring, but fine. How was yours?”“Likewise. Saturdays can be quite demanding.”Hanzo lowly hums with mirth. “I can only imagine.”Running an ice cream business isn’t as physically strenuous as instructing young children in martial arts — the job to which Hanzo has built his career upon, as he revealed in one of their phone conversations — but employment is hardly a contest, and they both silently agree to the idea that all work is real work; someone has to do it.“How is Takeda doing?” Kuai Liang asks, returning his mug to the table and lacing his fingers together underneath the handle. “It is almost strange to talk to you without him somewhere in the background.”The statement earns him another quiet chuckle, to which Kuai Liang takes as a personal victory.It is a typical occurrence to overhear a child’s voice on the other side of the phone, Takeda either playing with something made of multiple plastic parts — a toy truck, he presumes — or playfully protesting his bedtime; the latter instance is when he most often catches an amiable, yet almost cheeky-sounding Kenshi tucking the little one into bed.“He is well. Kenshi and I took him to this restaurant with a... playground inside the building,” he replies, describing the venue as if it was an absurd and unknown concept to him. “We thought having pizza for dinner would be enough for him to finish his meal before going to play with the other children, but he was so eager to join them that he evidently had not eaten enough and quickly grew tired.”Kuai Liang nods in amusement, but the mention of Kenshi reminds him why he is being so nervous about this. He has yet to discover the nature of Hanzo’s relationship with Kenshi or the child, having been fearful of what the truth may be. Since last week, there has been a small pit of restless doubt creating a heavy weight in his gut, an inkling of dread that Hanzo is already in a committed relationship and that Kuai Liang is merely pining after an unattainable man.He’s flipped back and forth between his being lovestruck not merely being a one-sided feeling and his want to become a significant other to someone he has only just met being little more than a pipedream. Sure, Hanzo has been nothing but warm and glad to speak with him, but to assume that that enthusiasm is romantic in nature is foolish and he wishes not to sour the growing friendship they already have due to a misunderstanding.However, he is also horrifically curious about Hanzo and will take any chance to learn more about him, so he tries to pry without being completely obvious. “How long have you and Kenshi known one another?”Hanzo‘s eyes move up to stare at the ceiling as he thinks, likely working to remember a number he has not thought of in quite some time. After a few moments, he states having met Kenshi when they were both still living in Japan, but more than six years ago. Not able to place exactly when, Hanzo estimates their meeting having been approximately eight years ago.Kuai Liang presses a little more, wondering how long they have been in the States, a question that seems to make Hanzo squirm a bit in his seat. Kuai Liang regrets it immediately, not having aimed to cause his guest any discomfort, but Hanzo answers the question anyway. “Kenshi and Takeda are approaching five years, I believe. It has been less than two years in my case.”“The three of you did not migrate together?”Hanzo shakes his head. “As he is not here, I’ll refrain from giving you details, but Kenshi left Japan after suffering a deeply personal loss,” he says, staring at the inside of his mug, his eyes losing focus. “We are much alike in that way. He was the one to convince me to leave Japan.”Kuai Liang turns his gaze to his own cup of tea, feeling the air shift from mildly awkward to both vulnerable and sorrowful. Hesitatingly, he asks, “Did you also suffer a loss?”The question is hard, both because he knows that asking someone to revisit old wounds is a tall request and because he knows quite intimately what it is like to have a loved one suddenly disappear from your life. He thinks of Bi-Han, of the last time he saw his brother before the one family member he had vanished from their hometown over fifteen years ago.He didn’t think he would find Bi-Han in the United States nor does he ever expect to; he left China because it was too painful to walk down the same streets he had with his elder sibling when they were mere children and know that he may never get to do that with him again. Leaving was the best remedy for healing his mournful spirit.The grief is very old, but it manages to ache even now.That’s why Kuai Liang backpedals soon after his question. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have pushed. You need not answer that.”Hanzo appears as if he is in terrible pain, and it’s hard for Kuai Liang to look at him without feeling responsible for bringing“No, you... you are fine. I’m, uh...” Hanzo begins, voice wavering. He blinks rapidly, tears threatening to fall from his face. They stay where they are. “My wife and son lost their lives in traffic accident. They died not long after Kenshi’s...” He trails off, not elaborating on pain that does not belong to him."It took quite some time, but… once I was granted a green card, I joined my friend here and we have lived together since," Hanzo explains, rubbing a thumb along the side of his mug. "At first, I thought I would only stay at the house until I found my footing, yet…"He pauses, and Kuai Liang thinks the other man is determining what words he should use, how he would say this in a language that isn't his mother tongue. He is very familiar with that particular kind of lull in conversation, having experienced it many times throughout his life, regularly when he first moved here himself and plenty when he and Tomas were mere children. He waits.Sighing, Hanzo fiddles with the mug, slowly spinning it in crooked ellipses atop the glossy table's surface. "They are... my family," he continues. "Takeda is like a son to me, Kenshi a brother. I would not dream to be apart from them now that they have so readily accepted me into their lives."At any other time, Kuai Liang would feel relieved to hear that, to know that Hanzo and Kenshi are not romantically involved, but the circumstances upon which he is learning this is so far from ideal that he is unable to feel anything but sick to his stomach.“I am ashamed, however, to admit that Takeda has begun to see me more as his father than he does Kenshi,” he continues. “And Kenshi knows this as well as I do. I worry that my mere presence in the family will be what tears it apart.”Their gazes meet for the first time in a while, and quickly after Hanzo lets out a dark sound, laughing humorlessly at himself. “I apologize. I did not come here to use you as my therapist.” He rests his head in one of his hands, having abandoned fidgeting with the emptied cup.The room falls silent, and for a long moment Kuai Liang ponders what he should do, what he should say as Hanzo sits across from him.Carefully, Kuai Liang reaches for the hand resting on the table, gingerly pushing his fingers underneath Hanzo’s palm. Hanzo, eyes wide and brows high on his forehead, lets his hand roll onto its back as Kuai Liang wraps around it with his own. Kuai Liang is surprised by how soft the other man’s hand is, despite the calluses running along the top of his palm.He gives Hanzo’s hand a compassionate squeeze, apologizing for bringing the subject up in the first place and then, with all the earnestness he can muster, says, “Please do not apologize for being honest with me. I know all too well the pain of losing a loved one.”It takes him a moment to respond, but eventually a grateful smile pulls at Hanzo’s mouth and he returns the gesture by wrapping his fingers around Kuai Liang’s kind hold and grasping onto it properly.“Thank you.” His voice is hushed, but genuine.“Of course.” 
 Kuai Liang’s keys jingle like delicate wind chimes as he locks the front door. He tucks them away into his pocket and, like an old-fashioned gentleman, holds out his hand towards the path of the sidewalk with a flourished bow. “May we be on our way?”Hanzo snorts at the gesture, but begins walking anyway. Kuai Liang drops the act of a chivalrous knight and joins his side, enjoying the chilly breeze brushing across his face. Hanzo, meanwhile, appears to be doing anything but, burying himself into his jacket with his hands shoved into the pockets and his shoulders lifted to shield his neck from the winds of mid-spring.“Not partial to the cold?” Kuai Liang asks, unconsciously striding closer to Hanzo to the point where their shoulders brush. The sudden yet light contact gives Hanzo a small start and — if the glow from the streetlamps is to be believed — a bit of redness to his ears.It’s chilly, but not freezing.“No,” Hanzo breathes with a laugh, decidedly not retreating from the touch but instead leaning into it. “No, the cold and I have never been on friendly terms.”He can’t relate at all, but Kuai Liang’s mental list bumps “an aversion to the cold” up a few ranks on the endearment scale. For such a toned man of his height and stature, the sight of Hanzo shivering from the slightest drop in temperature is nothing short of cute and Kuai Liang can’t help but smile about it.Though he doesn’t think he could say that word aloud to someone who makes a living teaching hapkido. His students may primarily be young children, but Kuai Liang himself is out-of-practice from his own training and Hanzo comes across as a prideful man who may retaliate at such a compliment.Perhaps, in time, he can use such a descriptor without fear of causing offense or insult. The last thing he would want to do is demean or alienate someone he’s made a connection with so quickly in such little time.As they head for the nearby park — almost certainly deserted this late at night — they fall into a leisurely rhythm, matching each other’s walking tempo effortlessly. The distance isn’t much, but they take their time, occasionally bumping their arms or sides of their shoes without meaning to. It elicits an ever-growing grin or even a chuckle from the both of them each time, becoming less shy about personal space like a moving game of footsie.In the stillness of near-midnight with only the faint sounds of cars driving off in the distance reaching them, the trail of sidewalk ends up feeling like a bridge between two worlds that only they have access to, a road from a safehouse leading to an oasis wherein only they can find refuge from the demands of everyday life.Kuai Liang himself has found a few moments of peace at this old playground, its ground covered in heavily-shredded bark mulch and steel jungle gym losing some of its blue, weather-proof paint. Sometimes, after closing up shop at the end of a long day, he’ll take a detour to sit on a swing and breathe in the nighttime air before heading home.As they cross the boundaries of the park and step over the wooden foundation framing the playground, Kuai Liang and Hanzo meander towards the swing set, situating themselves on plastic seats too small for either of them. The bark crunches mutely under their feet, Hanzo digging the toe of his shoe into the soft material to mindlessly push himself back and forth. Kuai Liang opts to avoid moving his swing as they get comfortable — with the exception of twisting it in place occasionally — as he chose the seat with painfully squeaky chains.Neither of them are conversationalists, Kuai Liang has noticed, but finds that he doesn’t mind at all as they sit in continued silence. He looks up at the darkened sky and spots the smallest sliver of the moon hiding behind thick clouds, its glow illuminating the vapors with a brilliant white halo. The light pollution produced by the city drowns out most of the stars that would be otherwise visible, but Kuai Liang can still find Polaris with some craning of his neck, the north star almost directly above the two of them and this humble playground.As he watches the clouds slowly pass by the moon, he feels Hanzo staring at him from the left. Turning his head to face him, Kuai Liang meets his gaze and feels a pleasurable knot in his gut from the sight: Hanzo’s eyes dark and his mouth just slightly agape, the whites of his teeth visible behind glistening lips that could only be moistened from having just been licked.The desire to pull him in from the nape and kiss this man is so strong that Kuai Liang is amazed he hasn’t given in to the urge already without thinking. Over a decade of martial arts training has taught him a lifetime’s worth of restraint and self-control, and he knows full well that kissing Hanzo without asking would bring him immense shame for disrespecting another person’s autonomy, but gods. He can only pray he gets the opportunity to do it with enthusiastic permission.“So,” Hanzo begins, breaking their shared gaze to watch his foot kick at the bark below him. “I wanted to know... if you would like to have dinner with me in the future.”Kuai Liang feels about ready to jump out of his seat.Instead, he grips a chain of his swing with his right hand and lets the sheer joy flooding his body show on his face. “I would love that.”Hanzo’s cheeks nearly split from the grin pulling at his lips, still looking away. Kuai Liang wonders how this man could be so shy when he’s clearly so beautiful to look at. “I am aware that we are both busy individuals whose schedules are difficult to match, as well as your being paid by Johnny to provide dessert for his daughter’s birthday celebration,” Hanzo says, the breeze catching his hair and blowing the ponytail against his jaw. “It may be some time before we can arrange to meet.”Kuai Liang shakes his head. “I have no doubt that the wait will be worth it.”Hanzo snorts again. “A charmer, I see.”Kuai Liang chuckles, too, but doesn’t deny it. He does his best to be not awkward around the other man. He’s thankful Hanzo doesn’t seem to think he’s a bumbling mess, despite his feeling so.A beat of silence passes over them before Kuai Liang speaks once more, shifting his hands to rest on his lap. “When I first heard of Kenshi, I worried that he and you were romantically involved,” he admits quietly. “But I wanted to be near you again so dearly that I clung to hope that my fear was unfounded. I am so relieved to hear that it is.”Hanzo sits up straight in his seat and stops rocking his swing backward and forward. There’s that trick of the light again, painting his skin with baby pink tones. His eyes become slightly bright with surprise.Kuai Liang thinks his honesty must be unexpected, but he doesn’t falter. “I was so happy to see you again last weekend, and happier still when you gave your phone number to me.”The surprise on Hanzo’s face fades to that of contentment, his brows resting easily over his eyes, his lips just barely quirking up as he says the words, “I’m glad, too.”



Chapter End Notes
So... it's been four years? Almost?I'm very sorry for the wait, but am forever thankful to everyone who has left comments during this very long hiatus. With the exception of one person (whose comments I have since deleted), you have all been very understanding and I deeply appreciate it. If you want to have a more detailed background about where I was at the time of initial publishing and what's been up with me since then, I've written a post on my tumblr that you can read here.Long story short, though, my interests changed, college wore me out, and I had a hard time writing anything starting in 2017. However, I've graduated with my bachelor's and recently quit my old job for a new one that actually has something to do with my degree, so now I have a lot more free time. And with MK11 right around the corner, my interest has been sparked thoroughly. So, I'm going to do my damnedest to finish this piece; I owe it to myself and to all of you.As always, thank you so much for reading! It means the world. ♡


CASSIE
Chapter Summary
It's Cassie's birthday party. Kuai Liang feels out of his element.
Chapter Notes
Rating has been changed from General to Teen due to language and discussions about sex.
EDIT AUGUST 16, 2020: Since NetherRealm have confirmed that Fujin and Raiden are in fact siblings and I personally really don't like incest, I have removed all references to their romantic relationship in confectionery to reflect canon properly. Thank you for reading this far! I hope this doesn't sour your experience with my silly little fic of mine.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




There’s something overwhelmingly odd about closing up shop before sundown, but then again, when does he ever receive an invitation for a party from anyone other than Tomas?
Truth be told, Kuai Liang worries more about disappointing his customer base — particularly those who are most loyal to the business — than the loss of his normal profit on Saturday, the parlor’s busiest day by far. A week ago, he had posted a handwritten notice in the window that Dragon’s Ice would be out of service for the night, but he has closed the store so rarely in the past decade that it feels almost like a betrayal.
He said as much to Frost earlier in the day before he sent her home. She promptly told him he was “being stupid” and “should learn to take a break every once in a while” as she cleanly and effortlessly pulled an entire stack of paper cups from their plastic casing.
He decided she was right and would do his best spending his time at the party enjoying himself rather than denigrating his already highly-dedicated work ethic.
Now, with the front door locked and the back door propped open, Kuai Liang begins preparing for the party in question, feeling the summer heat creeping into the kitchen already.
He starts with packing the rectangular ice cream tubs for transport, removing a gallon-sized container from the rented freezer unit and placing it in a box with frozen gel packs affixed to the walls of cardboard to prevent melting. With a roll of packing tape, he secures the box shut, places it atop the foot of the dolly, and then repeats the motion for the remaining four tubs.
It isn’t long until he hears the rumbling of a car engine approach the rear side of the building, the operator of the vehicle promptly shifting into park and exiting with an almost grandiose slam of the door. Kuai Liang continues packing, placing the final tub into its respective box as footsteps reach the doorway.
A knock on the door frame accompanies a sharp whistle. “’Sup, Li!”
Kuai Liang looks up to see a smiling Johnny Cage in — not to his surprise whatsoever — a printed tank top embellished with a worn American flag and cut with a v-shaped neckline so low that the center half of “JOHNNY” written in bold, Gothic letters on his chest is easily visible.
For a brief moment, he wonders how Johnny is straight.
“Hello, Johnny,” he greets, stretching a strip of tape from one side of the box to the other across the top, the plastic wailing sharply at the tension as he pulls it off the roll. He trims it short with the serrated blade attached to the tape gun before asking, “How are you today?”
Johnny’s grin transforms from pleasant to downright cheeky. “Feelin’ pumped!” he shouts, giving the air in front of him a quick punch. His sunglasses glint under the fluorescent light. “Can’t wait to watch my little girl get spoiled and have everyone eat your absolutely decadent ice cream. Also, ready to blow some shit up!”
Kuai Liang laughs aloud at that, lifting the final box to crown it atop the tower made of its own kind. “Thank you for driving all this way provide me a ride,” he says, pulling the store’s keys from his pocket, “though I’m sure the ice cream was already a considerable incentive.”
Rolling his eyes, Johnny takes a step forward to grip onto the hand truck and swiftly tips it backward. “Pfft, don’t even mention it,” he replies dismissively, rotating the dolly to push it through the door.
As Johnny leaves for the car, Kuai Liang hears him mumble, “Weirdo. Acting like you’re just a contractor and not my friend.” It leaves him a bit dumbfounded as he stands alone in the parlor’s kitchen, but the usage of the word “friend” brings a comforting warmth to his chest.
He doesn’t have many friends, nor has he really ever had more than a handful throughout his life. Though he wasn’t as close to Bi-Han as he wanted — his elder brother was very guarded and secretive for as long as he could remember — he could rely on him and never felt his presence was unwanted when they spent time together. He thought of his elder sibling as his best friend before Tomas came along, who has been a constant presence since they first met as children after the Vrbada family had moved from Liberec to Beijing.
It was strange to him even then, having bonded with a foreign boy who could barely speak Mandarin faster and easier than he ever had with his fellow castaways in the home or with his classmates in primary school.
Though many of them were considerate enough to not point attention to it and only a few chose to bully him for it, he had always been aware that the large scar cutting through his face discouraged his peers to interact with him. Combined with his parentless background, several unseemly rumors about him in school would spread year to year to keep any new students or neighbors away from becoming his friend. It was easier to keep to himself than to risk further alienation by trying convince everyone the stories about him were untrue.
There was some improvement once he entered senior secondary school, where he excelled in English and took as many culinary classes and social science courses as his schedule would allow. His peers were more concerned with their own education than to make themselves busy by reminding him of his unusual scar. He was still considerably solitary during this time, but he began to make more friends, including two girls who he studied with on a weekly basis, as well as a boy who he befriended in their junior year and would later secretly date during their senior year.
At the end, when they all had completed their compulsory education and graduated, his friends left to do other things. The girls each moved to different provinces to further pursue their academic careers. His boyfriend left for South Korea to attend vocational school, and they subsequently broke up. Bi-Han disappeared a couple years later without a single direction as to where he went. Tomas was the only one who remained, and they stayed close even through his lengthy migration process in their early twenties.
And once he moved here, to settle in a faraway country on the other side of the Pacific, his life became so absorbed into running the business to make ends meet that it made it difficult to cultivate friendships outside of work, his only contacts being customers or with the employees at the nearby grocery. Any free time was spent exercising at home — as he couldn’t afford a gym membership had he even wanted it at the time — or keeping himself functioning and healthy via cooking or bathing. He became familiar with the shopkeepers of the local Asian food markets after years of repeated visits, but never made friends with any of them.
While he does consider Raiden a friend, they have never had dinner at the other’s house or met up at a bar, and as far as Kuai Liang is concerned, Raiden is a man who only exists on the local weather channel and in his ice cream shoppe. So, just like back home, the only person he really had left in his life was and still is Tomas.
Tomas eventually moved to the States as well, having decided to put down roots in the same small Washington city as his childhood best friend; they were finally able to spend time together in person rather than over the phone or through email for the first time in about three years. Their visits remain fewer and farther between than they would like, however, as they live in separate parts of the city and Tomas works varied hours.
(For a while, he thought adopting a pet would salve some of his isolation, but he’s away too often to properly care for a dog, bird, or rabbit, and would feel guilty leaving a cat alone all day. As such, he decided not to bother.)
So, to have someone like Johnny Cage, as recognizable as Raiden yet famous on a much grander scale, to embrace him easily and encourage him to socialize after barely knowing him? It means the world.
“Li, are you gonna help me or not?” Johnny shouts from outside, the words disgruntled but his tone light and humorous.
He scrambles, shuffling through the keys as he walks through the door. “Y-Yes! Forgive me!” On the other side, he is met with a very red, very clean, likely very expensive Aston Martin. Kuai Liang feels quite inadequate and common as he circles around the sleek vehicle to meet with Johnny at the trunk.
When he steps beside him to lift two of the boxes at a time, he hears Johnny laugh while he pushes a box as far into the trunk as it can go. “Man, you apologize too much.”
Kuai Liang stops himself from apologizing again and simply hands the ice cream over.
He has never been in a house this large.
The children’s home he grew up in was sizable, having to house more than ten children at any one time, but it was nowhere near as large as the craftsman-style home of the Cage-Blade family sitting before him as he stands on the front entrance’s stone walkway. The doorway is wide open, the portico above it adorned with coiled, silver party streamers and its columns wrapped into towers of pink and silver balloons.
He cranes his head behind him to get a look at Johnny — who simply walks past him, carrying a stack of three boxes against his upper body and a toothy grin on his face — and notices a notable lack of cars along the winding road leading to the driveway. He was told what time he would be picked up, but not when the party was slated to start. How early is he?
Turning forward again, Kuai Liang makes his way up the grand steps towards the open set of double doors, each made with heavy and beautifully dark wood. Not even stepping through the threshold can he hear music blaring from the other side of the house, likely coming from the backyard. Inside the foyer, every curtain is pulled back to let in the natural summer sunlight, allowing the wooden flooring to glisten brilliantly with an amber-colored sheen. Beside the door sits the main stairs, curving to the side until it becomes flush against the wall.
As he continues through the house, leaving the foyer through the main hall and into the kitchen, he notices how contemporary the inside of the house, particularly the furnishings and decor, is in direct juxtaposition to the outside’s early twentieth century style. It seems safe to assume that some remodeling has been done as well, considering the stairway and the entirety of the kitchen look decidedly more modern than expected from an old-fashioned home.
“Johnny,” Kuai Liang starts, following behind him as he carries the remaining two cases. He pauses when he hears how much his voice echoes against the room’s high ceilings, then continues, “When was this building constructed?”
“Um... sometime in the thirties? After the war?” Johnny replies over his shoulder, his voice nearly drowning under the music as they reach the backyard. “Not sure. Sonya prob’ly knows the exact year. Gorgeous, though, right?” he finishes, turning down the music by a few notches via a control panel beside the backdoor.
Kuai Liang nods. “It is certainly luxurious, more so than...” he trails off, stepping through the folded patio door and stopping on the deck. It takes him a moment to take in everything contained within the massive perimeter of the fence. “...anywhere I have lived.”
The centerpiece of the backyard is a lagoon-style pool, mimicking the organic shape of a natural body of water as it spreads from the middle of the enclosed space towards the far left corner of the fence, framed by various flower bushes and fully-matured maple trees. In it float a plethora of inflatable loungers and foam noodles, as well as a volleyball net and several beach balls to match. At the leftmost side of the deck sits a small set of stairs, leading to a comfy alcove where one can sit on one of several lawn recliners to enjoy the water and flora.
The deck itself feels sturdy and solid under his feet, which appears to be a requirement for the amount of weight it must withstand at all times: a large grill with an attached counter and cabinet unit sits against the wall beside the accordion door; a round table made of frosted glass and galvanized steel, surrounded by six matching chairs and holding a removable parasol, sits in the center of the patio; and in the far corner rests two outdoor sofas facing a coffee table that, upon further inspection, also functions as a fire pit.
As for the rest of the space, the remaining half of the backyard is flat grass with a winding stone path cutting through it like a snake wading between tufts of soft moss, trees speckle about to create natural shade and shrubbery to create depth. The path attaches to a small bridge that climbs over the pool and connects to the sitting area. Among the open spaces of grass sit — as far as Kuai Liang is concerned — the temporary structures and furnishings for the party, as well as a large section cleared out for the children to play.
Perhaps the most eye-catching object to be found is the inflatable bounce house. Though currently deflated, the playhouse’s brightly-colored cuts of fabric appear to be fashioned into the shape of a castle, and judging by the sheer amount of space it occupies, there’s plenty of room for a gaggle of children.
There are numerous tables with seats placed around the yard, each set placed atop a fashionable pallet of wood to provide stability and prevent the legs of the furniture from sinking into the dirt. Along the fence rests several long tables, one already stocked with plates, cups, eating utensils, condiments, and napkins. Another is lined with chafing dish after chafing dish, several warmers already heating ready-to-eat, homemade dishes; others waiting for guests to fill them with something of their own. The next table is the designated stop for a wide variety of beverages, dispensers filled with bright lemonades, sangrias, and sweet teas. Three coolers sit underneath, each one accordingly labeled as “ice”, “soda”, and “beer”.
Another table appears to be dedicated entirely to dessert, if the small plates, paper cups, vacant rotating tray, and adjacent ice cream cabinet indicate as such. The dipping cabinet is remarkably smaller than the one installed in his parlor, but it is certainly not unimpressive. In fact, he feels a little jealous; one day, he’ll be able to replace his own for a newer, more energy-efficient model like this one. Were he a much less honorable man, he would probably attempt to steal it.
The proverbial cherry on top is the stage built in front of the bounce house, made with similar wood as the table platforms, with enough space to fit a four member band. It is only slightly elevated, less than a foot higher than the ground beneath it.
A property like this is truly beyond him. Luxury for him is getting to eat freshly-caught salmon as opposed to the fish that has been chilling in the market’s refrigerators for several days.
Resolving himself, Kuai Liang moves forward again to follow Johnny to the dessert table. Setting down the glittery gift bag onto the table for the moment, Kuai Liang then places the boxes onto the ground beside their counterparts as Johnny lifts the lid of the dipping cabinet.
Johnny presses his fingertips against the edge of an empty metal tub to test the temperature. A half-second passes before he quickly pulls his hand away, shaking it briefly. “Yup, that’s cold,” he announces, more to himself than to anyone else. He turns to Kuai Liang, who simply raises his brows in amusement. Johnny steps aside. “All yours, my friend.”
Ah, there’s that gentle warmth in his chest again. Is he really that lonely?
Pushing that aside, Kuai Liang nods and kneels to tear off the tape from the boxes, but his attention is soon drawn back to Johnny as the host asks, “What’s this?”
Johnny holds up the bag that was resting on the table, its yellow, sparkly outside glimmering radiantly in the sun. The bag itself isn’t very large, and therefore neither is the roped paper handle hanging in Johnny’s large hand, the white tissue paper inside meeting his knuckles.
Kuai Liang simply says, “A gift for Cassie,” before he returns to the boxes, pulling out the tub of butter pecan ice cream and removing the lid.
Behind him, he hears Johnny reply, “Aw, man, you didn’t need to do that.”
Kuai Liang smiles. For a man with so much money, you’d think he wouldn’t bat an eye at a gift so small from someone who certainly couldn’t afford to give away something extravagant. “It is merely a common toy. Think nothing of it.”
There’s a beat of silence before a hand lands on his shoulder, giving it a few firm, purposeful pats. “Thanks, man. She’ll really appreciate it,” Johnny says earnestly before heading back for the house, gift bag in hand. “Be right back!” he shouts over his shoulder, jogging up the steps.
Kuai Liang lets out a contented humming sound, resuming his task of stocking the cabinet. It’s nice to feel welcomed.
It isn’t long after Kuai Liang sits down at a table shaded by a nearby tree that a chorus of new voices filter their way to him from inside the house. Closing the email app on his phone and shutting it off, he tucks the device into his front pocket as he rises from his seat. Just as he makes it to the top of the desk central stairs does a small child with dark hair come barreling through the door, squealing with laughter as Cassie chases after him with a water pistol.
A voice shouts from the other side of the door, calling the young boy by name — Jin — and telling him to watch his step. Both children pay the voice little mind as they each pass Kuai Liang, Cassie pausing to squirt Kuai Liang in the arm with her gun before chasing after Jin once more.
Continuing toward the backyard door, Kuai Liang rubs his bicep dry, unbothered by the playful strike. As he approaches the door and enters the kitchen, his eyes adjust to the dimmer space inside and finds a familiar head of snow white hair standing at the other side of the kitchen island. “Hello, Raiden.”
Raiden turns away from the youthful-looking man he was speaking to and reacts with Kuai Liang’s greeting with a slight start. His voice must have caught him by surprise. Old habits die hard, he supposes; he continues to walk with light feet, despite being over six feet tall and two hundred pounds.
The expression of slight surprise disappears from Raiden’s face and is replaced with a pleased grin. “Kuai Liang! I did not expect to see you here so soon! How are you?”
Kuai Liang gives a small bow. “Doing well. How has life been to you?”
“Good,” Raiden replies, then gestures to the person with chin-length hair standing beside him, who gives a small wave. “I would like you to meet Kung Lao, my surrogate son. And this...”
Two pairs of footsteps resound from the foyer before two figures enter the room. The taller one with long, white hair managed into a single braid trailing behind, strides faster to arrive at Raiden’s side. Raiden reaches to the man's shoulder to give it a solid squeeze before he says, “...is my younger brother, Fujin.”
Fujin gives a respectful bow, his braid falling forward over his shoulder. Kuai Liang returns it easily, though silently surprised at the man's presence. He hadn't expected to meet any of Raiden's family members — blood or otherwise — at any point in their friendship.
“It is a pleasure to finally meet you,” Fujin says. “Raiden has spoken highly of your sorbet for many years, but I keep neglecting to try it for myself.”
Kuai Liang’s first instinct is to say that Raiden has never mentioned his brother or surrogate son to him before, but he cannot think of a way to tell him without it sounding horribly unbecoming. For as long as he has known the man, Raiden has always been a private person, and Kuai Liang never thought to pry into his personal life in any way. He isn't particularly good at doing that in the first place, and was pretty content at keeping things professional between them.
Instead, Kuai Liang opts to discuss his confections. “I’m honored,” he replies, glancing at Raiden as he speaks. He returns his gaze to Fujin. “While lemon sorbet was not on my list of commissioned flavors, there is a gallon of watermelon sorbet available at the dessert table. I do hope you enjoy it.”
Before Fujin can respond, the person who joined him here speaks up. “You must be Liang,” she says, circling around the counter to reach out her spare hand, her other holding a plate of carefully assembled hors d’oeuvres. Her lengthy blonde hair is loose, styled into purposeful waves, framing her face elegantly. “I’m Sonya.”
He takes her hand, grasping it gently only to find she has a grip like that of a seasoned businessperson, firm and determined. He should have expected as much; Johnny told him that she is a Chief Petty Officer of the Navy, after all. Her appearance at the moment, however, belies the image of a high-ranking official, wearing an off-shoulder blouse and ankle-length chinos in pastel, summer colors.
“I must express my deepest gratitude for your having me here,” Kuai Liang says, “and allowing a friend of mine to join, as well.” Though he hasn’t checked his phone since his arrival, he assumes that Tomas is already on his way. When he visited him a couple weeks ago — taking a break from both the work inside the store and Johnny’s commission — to ask if he would like to come along, they garnered some odd looks downtown as Tomas burst in excitement at the prospect, throwing his spoon into the air.
“No, thank you for indulging my husband and accepting his request,” Sonya replies easily, releasing the handshake and shifting her weight onto a single leg. “I assume you’re a busy man, so I appreciate your work, especially since you had only just met Johnny. He can be a handful,” she says dryly, smirking.
Kuai Liang lets out a chuckle. He supposes she would know best, though it’s hard to disagree. His message history with Johnny could likely be best described as chaotic, Johnny rapid-firing seven separate messages in less than forty seconds and Kuai Liang unable to reply without breaking up whatever train of thought the other man was perpetually in the middle of typing.
“Speaking of, have any of you seen Johnny?” Sonya asks, glancing around to the others surrounding the kitchen island.
They all shake their heads no, while Lao says, “Not once since our arrival.”
Sonya decides that he must have left to pick up Jax and his family already, and resumes her way into the backyard, presumably to put the plate down on one of the buffet tables. They opt to follow her lead, Kuai Liang trailing behind as they step pass the collapsed glass door.
As they meander around to settle into the yard — Raiden and Fujin finding a table to sit down at, Lao running after Jin to join the boy’s play with Cassie, Sonya reviewing the buffet set-up for supplies and ensuring the appliances are running sufficiently — before the arrival of more guests, Kuai Liang opts to grab a bottle of beer from the cooler while he waits. As he goes to find his own seat, his phone vibrates erratically in his back pocket. Taking a seat at a table shaded by a dense maple tree, Kuai Liang swipes his thumb across the device to find a couple messages from Tomas.
The first, received six minutes ago, reads ‘Almost there!!’ with a series of excited emoticons following it. The second, received just a few moments ago, reads “I can see it at the top of the hill!! Wow!!! so HLL!!!!” Kuai Liang smiles at his friend’s usage of a Chinese abbreviation; it’s been a while since the two of them conversed in Mandarin rather than English.
Deciding to stay at the table while awaiting Tomas’ arrival, Kuai Liang revisits his messaging history with Hanzo to pass the time, lamenting that they haven’t talked as much as he wished the past few weeks. Texts between them are already sparse — both of them preferring to speak over the phone instead — but their communications dwindled from a call every other day to maybe a handful of text messages a couple times a week. Summertime marks the parlor’s busiest season, and preparing Johnny’s commission in addition to an increase in business made it difficult for Kuai Liang to take advantage of time he’d usually have off.
Having Frost throughout the afternoon and evenings — excluding Mondays and Thursdays — has certainly helped to alleviate some of the workload, but because preparing the ice cream and purchasing ingredients is exclusively his responsibility, he has spent much of his shifts hopping between the kitchen, the store front, and the market to keep the parlor running as smoothly as possible.
By the time he’s finished up in the shoppe and returned home, he hardly has enough energy to prepare dinner before he goes to bed most days. There have been some exceptions to this, like the evening he met with Tomas and asked if he’d like to join the party, or another night when he was able to leave the store at a reasonable enough time that he could call Hanzo before either of them had to head to sleep, but they have been very few and far between.
The past couple days leading up to the party have been particularly frustrating, the same forlorn aching he felt when his high school boyfriend move away afflicting him when his mind wandered, missing Hanzo with an intensity he has never endured for someone he had only just met.
He admitted this to Tomas after a couple of beers the last time they spent time together. Tomas simply called him “a very sappy romantic,” to which Kuai Liang had no rebuttal because his friend was absolutely correct and there was really nothing he could say to prove otherwise.
Despite the massive size of the house, Kuai Liang could hear voices from inside while sitting at his shaded table, the sounds traveling the hall and through the kitchen as if it were a tunnel. There was little mistake that Tomas had just arrived, and was trying his hardest not to embarrass himself in front of the spouse of one of his favorite action stars as Sonya escorts him to the backyard.
Tomas thanks her more than a few times — Kuai Liang can catch a couple admissions of gratitude even several meters away from the deck — before Sonya lets him go and Tomas hurriedly joins his friend at the table, sitting beside him.
They greet each other warmly, Tomas appearing a bit overwhelmed as he says hello. They trade pleasantries — how was the ride here, did anything interesting happen at work the previous day, were any new animals at the shelter that morning — to pass the time. While they play catch-up, Tomas absentmindedly begins to tap his finger on the table along to the song playing over the speakers. Kuai Liang doesn’t recognize it, but it’s certainly... fun, and also very Johnny-like.
People begin to filter into the backyard as the song enters its final verse. There are several he doesn’t recognize, including a family of five, the three children running off to join Cassie and Jin. The others that arrive soon after he certainly does not know, but assumes they’re performers based upon their brightly-colored clothing and, in the case of two of them, faces painted with cream makeup.
Initially, he is uncertain why they hadn’t entered through the house and instead chose the gate on the side, but once a pony comes into view behind one of the clowns...
A pony? How much money has Johnny spent on this party?
Cassie seems to have spotted the pony almost immediately after it trotted into the backyard as a loud squeal of joyous abandon for the ears of others streams past Kuai Liang. Tomas turns his head to watch Cassie bounce towards one of the very not-happy-to-be-here clowns — the bald-headed one with complete makeup coverage on his scalp — and gasps audibly. “Is that her?”
“Yes,” Kuai Liang replies, speaking in a highly serious tone, “that is the progeny of Cage.”
The response earns him a snort from Tomas. “I do not speak of them like royalty, Liang,” he retorts.
Kuai Liang’s neutral face turns into a smirk, but before he can further tease his childhood friend for his being starstruck, he catches sight of a certain high ponytail and pair of cheekbones to match among the faces loitering the yard.
Tomas moves to see where Kuai Liang’s gaze has drifted. “Is that Hanzo?”
Kuai Liang realizes that he, somehow, didn’t show Tomas a photo of the man in question, but he nods as he takes a swig of his ale, his mouth suddenly very dry.
“Please have sex with him.”
His drink becomes a sprinkler of foam as it spews from his lips. Liquid gets caught in his windpipe and he subsequently enters a coughing fit, drawing the attention of several partygoers, including the small crowd conversing with the host. Tomas, frantic, begins to slap Kuai Liang’s back as three from the group break off to head their way to the table.
Two of them he knows — Johnny and Hanzo — but the other he is unfamiliar with. Despite this, he still feels compelled to hide his likely reddening face as he tries to exile the beer that has found refuge inside of his lungs.
“Hey, Li,” Johnny says, pulling his sunglasses from his eyes and resting them atop his head. “You okay?”
Kuai Liang is unable to speak, so he nods hurriedly. Tomas fumbles his words, unable to speak for very different reasons as he looks The Johnny Cage dead in the eyes. The firm pats between Kuai Liang’s shoulder blades falter for a few moments due to Tomas’ being starstruck, to which Kuai Liang can only cough harder to clear his throat on his own.
While Tomas works to help out Kuai Liang and apologize at the same time, Johnny inquires further if he needs proper CPR — clarifying that he’s actually certified — but Kuai Liang furiously shakes his head, just wanting this horrific case of public humiliation to end.
He makes the mistake of glancing up and looking directly at Hanzo, who stares back at him with what appears to be strained worry.
Well. He appreciates the concern, but he has lost any remaining poise that he had left around this man.
While Kuai Liang is busy hacking up his lungs, Tomas explains that he “merely told a joke” at the wrong time, neglecting to mention his choice of words that led to this entire ordeal. Johnny nods with understanding before leaving, awkwardly shuffling away to return speaking to a large man with prosthetic arms and a duffel bag strapped to his back.
Hanzo and the man Kuai Liang doesn’t recognize stay, however, and both move to sit down on the other side of the table. Tomas gives Kuai Liang one more solid smack and in turn his lungs release a decisive, scratchy cough, finally releasing the fluid out of his windpipe. He gasps for air, a few wheezes that pass for inhaling breaths.
Choking fit over, Kuai Liang begins to relax again, but is still reticent to make eye contact with Hanzo across from the table. There’s no way that the other man overhead the foolish thing his friend said, Hanzo being involved in an entirely separate conversation some distance away, but the heat in his face — and in his groin, if he’s honest, because now his mind is entertaining the idea of sex with Hanzo — is making it hard to compose himself.
Gently, Hanzo leans forward and lays a hand on the surface — his fingertips only a centimeter away from Kuai Liang’s — and asks, “Are you sure you are alright?”
He itches to touch Hanzo’s hand — has regularly wanted to ever since they first met, and even more so since that night at the parlor when he finally mustered the bravery to reach out himself — yet quickly decides against it, already feeling like a mess surrounded by so many people he doesn’t know.
Clearing his throat once more, Kuai Liang assures him. “Yes, I am fine now.” Glancing briefly to his right, Kuai Liang gives his friend a quick glare. “Thank you, Tomas.”
Tomas laughs nervously, pushing his hair back and out of his face. “Anytime, Liang.”
“So, you are the Tomas that he speaks so much of,” Hanzo interrupts, sitting back into his chair and pulling his hand away (Kuai Liang mourns the lost opportunity — for the time being, anyway). He isn’t wrong, as Kuai Liang finds it hard to hold a conversation about his own personal exploits without bringing up his childhood friend for the umpteenth time. “It is nice to place a face to the name.”
Suddenly collected, Tomas grins and turns to Kuai Liang. “Oh, you talk about me all the time, huh?” Kuai Liang resists the desire to roll his eyes and instead pinches Tomas’ inner arm underneath the table, away from sight of both Hanzo and his unknown companion. Tomas yelps, then covers it as he continues clumsily, “I agree. Likewise. Yes. Liang has mentioned you often.”
“Oh,” Hanzo replies, looking away to glance at nothing. He purses his lips as if he were stifling a smile. “Anyway, uh, this is Kenshi,” he says, “my friend and housemate.”
Kenshi gives a small wave, saying hello. “A pleasure,” he says smoothly.
Kuai Liang returns the greeting, a little relieved to have finally met the person who isn’t dating Hanzo, despite his initial fears. He will readily admit, however, that Kenshi is a handsome man, and considering that, in addition to what he knows of Kenshi’s hard-working and compassionate personality, he wouldn’t blame Hanzo for being with him if he so wished.
And even though he is wearing a pair of sleek sunglasses and a dark beard is framing his jaw, Kuai Liang can easily see the resemblance between Kenshi and his son. Speaking of, where is Takeda?
Kuai Liang asks as much, and Kenshi tilts his head only slightly to the side, as if listening for something. Meanwhile, Hanzo twists his body to look around behind him, peering past fellow partygoers to search for the children. It takes only a few moments for Kenshi to find them, declaring that Takeda is chasing Jin along the pool, and sure enough, Kuai Liang sees just that as the two children run around the edge.
He doesn’t know what to make of it, but it’s impressive how attuned Kenshi’s hearing is.
Eventually, during the course of their conversation, Kuai Liang learns that Kenshi is in fact almost entirely blind, a subject that arose after Tomas asked where Hanzo had purchased his shirt, to which Kenshi inquired what one he was wearing that day.
Before he can discuss it further — as Kuai Liang is partially blind in the same eye that his scar runs through — Johnny announces to everyone in the backyard that it is time for Cassie to open her birthday presents and blow out her candles before the Independence Day festivities can begin proper, concluding the message with a call to action for someone named Jax that he “better get his fireworks ready” by sundown.
Resolving to continue that topic of conversation later, Kuai Liang rises from his seat to join the others to sing Cassie a very happy birthday, brushing shoulders with Hanzo in the crowd in the process as everyone present becomes an off-key, impromptu choir. He thinks Hanzo leans into it, but he isn’t certain.
Kuai Liang graciously accepts a large slice of funfetti cake from Sonya, her fingers painted blue from the frosting after pushing the piece onto his plate. She gives him a smile and then turns to Lao, the next person in line for their own serving of the massive, four-tiered cake. Grabbing a plastic fork and carefully wading through the crowd congregating around the dessert table, Kuai Liang heads back to his seat. Flattered as he is that so many people are trying his ice cream, he feels that he should not take any when he has infinite access to it at any other time.
The party is finally in full swing, the music just barely audible above the chatter of the guests. While quite a few are busied with their own conversations, most of the people present — adults and children alike — are enamored with the performances of the gymnasts on stage. The one clad in pink contorts her body into a ring, the arches of her feet fitting securely over the curve of her skull as she lays on her abdomen, then lifts herself up with her hands flat. Her companion, dressed in yellow, follows that by placing both hands in front of her feet and lifting one leg straight up, becoming completely vertical with her toes pointed towards the sky, before bringing her other leg up to perform a handstand.
They complete their tricks simultaneously, the pink contortionist unfurling her body into a handstand as well before both of them repeat the motions of her partner from just moments before, moving to opposite sides of the stage in practiced motions with unmatched elegance. The crowd around the stage erupt in applause when the two meet again in the center and assemble into a tower, folding themselves into bent-over poses on top of the other.
While he himself may be above average in terms of physical fitness, he has and will likely never be able to accomplish the same feats as these performers. He thinks that, if he tried, he’d almost certainly throw out his back in the process.
Escaping the crowd and finding his table once more, Kuai Liang sits down beside Tomas, who has already finished his slice of cake and scoop of ice cream. “How long was I gone?” Kuai Liang asks, raising his brows in amusement at his friend’s empty plate.
Tomas says nothing to that and instead brings his hand to Kuai Liang’s dish, swiping a finger across the swirls of blue and green that make up the frosting. He eats the sugary topping before Kuai Liang can really protest, which earns him another physical gripe, this time a poke in a soft spot between his ribs. Tomas rushes to block further access to his side with an involuntary laugh. “Don’t!” he exclaims. “I’m still ticklish, Liang.”
Kuai Liang listens to the command with a smirk, taking the fork in hand and redirecting his attention to his own plate. He’ll spare an assault on Tomas’ ribs for another time, if only because he is eager to try this cake.
“By the way,” Tomas begins, suddenly somber. “I apologize for that debacle before. I hadn’t realized you were drinking.”
Kuai Liang speaks with partially eaten cake in one side of his mouth, still chewing. “It was unfortunate timing. You needn’t worry yourself.”
Tomas’ melancholy tone is immediately washed away with his next words. “I was being sincere, though. You really should.”
Pausing in his chewing and looking his friend in the eyes, Kuai Liang finds his face getting hot again as he searches for how to respond. Neither of them have really discussed their sex lives with the other, even when they were... libidinous teenagers. This is sudden.
He can’t think of anything and simply says, “Okay.”
That must have been an baffling reply because Tomas sputters into a laugh, moving his head and hands around in disbelief as he talks. “You are nearly forty, Liang. How can you get so flustered about coitus?”
The way Tomas says “coitus” is certainly meant to be humorous — a word not used casually by native English speakers, let alone those who’ve taken it as a secondary language — but it merely embarrasses Kuai Liang further, leading him to groan and hide his face from anyone who may be looking this way.
Before he can come up with some kind of response to that or shush his friend for talking about intercourse so loudly at a party sprawling with young children, Kenshi and Hanzo return to the table. “Tomas...” Kuai Liang hisses, about to snap his plastic fork in half. He can only pray that their discussion wasn’t loud enough for the other two to hear.
Hanzo hesitatingly takes his seat. “Are you choking once more?” he asks, leaning to the side to get a better look at Kuai Liang’s face. “You look flushed.”
Kenshi’s eyebrows twist in concern, but he says nothing.
Kuai Liang shakes his head and, compulsively, stabs his cake and shoves a large piece of it into his mouth. He’ll put Tomas on the spot again, considering that he seems to be determined to turn today from a joint birthday-Independence Day party to a humiliation conga line for his closest friend.
“Uh, he is...” Tomas starts. He looks at Kuai Liang for some kind of guidance, but gets nothing. “...sensitive to the heat. High temperatures are difficult for his body to regulate.” The statement is not necessarily wrong; Kuai Liang has never been much of a fan of the blistering warmth associated with the summer season, but rarely does it cause his skin to become awash in red.
Hanzo and Kenshi quirk a brow almost in unison, but the crowd beside them erupts in applause, drawing their attention away for the time being. It’s questionable if they believed Tomas’ off-the-cuff excuse, but as long as they don’t inquire further — Hanzo in particular — he can relax again.
As various children in the audience shout for more of their performance — “Do the leg thing!” — Kenshi starts conversation with Tomas, inquiring about his career and how he knows Kuai Liang. The two of them trade the common pleasantries, trading words not unlike the small talk found by water coolers.
Tomas gives Kenshi about as much detail as he expected: his family migrated into the same neighborhood as the orphanage Kuai Liang and Bi-Han were housed, and the two of them have been close since. While the topic of his upbringing has been brought up in his conversations with Hanzo, Kuai Liang neglected to mention Bi-Han, and the utterance of his name appears to pique Hanzo’s interest in particular.
Truthfully, he did not see a reason to bring up his absent brother, as it has been so many painful years since his disappearance, and the loss still brings him heartache to this day. He would rather not discuss the matter until he was ready to open up that wound again, and their already brief phone calls and this party are certainly not opportune times for him.
Hanzo does ask, to which Tomas answers for his friend, knowing full well that matters regarding his brother are delicate. His answer is simple and to the point, leaving it about Bi-Han’s identity and little else. He knows Kuai Liang will give Hanzo the complete picture eventually.
As the discussion moves on to Tomas’ volunteering at the downtown animal shelter and the young Beagle his roommate had rescued several years prior, a small shadow moves in the corner of Kuai Liang’s eye and he unconsciously looks toward it. Though a bit far away, Kuai Liang can still manage catching a tiny hand reach up to an unattended table and grab an unfinished plate of rainbow-speckled cake.
Knotting his brows, Kuai Liang decides to keep watch, curious to see who the culprit is. Carefully and quietly, walking on threes and holding the plate off the ground, a small boy crawls towards another nearby table to be out of sight of the several adults towering above him. As the child sneaks underneath the flowing white table cloth, Kuai Liang sees a low-hanging ponytail of pitch black hair and finally recognizes it to be Jin.
Kuai Liang looks around to see if anyone else had caught Jin in the act or if he could find one of the boy’s guardians — be it Lao, Raiden, or Fujin — but the guests are too fascinated by the contortionists to tear their eyes away and Lao, Raiden, and Fujin are nowhere to be found amongst the ample crowd. He feels that he should certainly tell someone, but the cake sitting upon the dessert table has plenty of itself to spare, and he is unsure if it’s a large enough deal that the child is snatching up leftover food when he could be stealing valuables.
He makes a mental note to tell Raiden the next time he sees him.
Another round of applause circulates the backyard, and the masked performers bow before leaving the stage. The bald-headed clown calls for “the birthday girl” to step up front of the stage, holding the pony on a short lead. Cassie comes bouncing up to the base of the stage, donning a golden crown atop her fair pigtails and a pink tutu around the waist of her denim shorts, her camo print top clashing with the rest of her outfit; Kuai Liang figures she put those on after opening presents.
He grins thinking about it, remembering her bright smile when she opened his gift bag to find an ice cream-shaped squishy toy. Really, she was enthusiastic about all of her gifts, and Johnny and Sonya had clearly taught her manners as she made it a point to thank each individual person for their kindness without being prompted to do so. She’s a sweet kid.
Cassie giggles atop the pony, the clown guiding the small horse along the grass while Sonya makes sure her child stays upright on the animal. While the children of the crowd watch enviously as the pony trots Cassie around the grounds like a tiny monarch, Takeda comes barreling towards the table, his head ducked and scrambling onto Kenshi’s lap. The sudden weight on his legs startles him, Kenshi letting out a surprised yelp.
Hanzo scolds Takeda by name, giving him what sounds like a brief though practiced lecture about scaring his father by not announcing his presence. Kenshi shushes him before he can finish, however, as Takeda buries his face in his father’s t-shirt. From where he is sitting, it is difficult for Kuai Liang to see Takeda’s face at all, but he thinks he sees some redness in the young boy’s face.
With his hand on Takeda’s back, Kenshi soothes his son with a knowing smile. “Is it Jacqui?”
Takeda doesn’t say a word, instead giving a quiet, muffled whine in response. Hanzo appears to soften at that — his brows relaxing and his frown transforming into a slight smile — and moves to stroke Takeda’s hair, aiding in comforting the flustered boy.
Kuai Liang is certain that, if he were standing, his knees would buckle at how weak he feels seeing such tenderness from Hanzo, a man more likely known for his strict discipline as a martial arts instructor than his responsibilities as a loving father.
Beside him, Tomas chuckles, glancing over at Kuai Liang with a knowing glint in his eye. It’s true that Hanzo gets him flustered, not unlike Takeda with this mysterious Jacqui person, but he at least has the scruples to not crawl into Tomas’ lap to assuage his embarrassment.
While Hanzo and Kenshi work as a pair of doting fathers to calm down Takeda, Raiden and Fujin approach the table, each carrying their own cup of watermelon sorbet. They look amused, Raiden pausing in his eating to ask what is going on. Hanzo explains succinctly. Raiden nods with the wisdom of a sage. There’s a beat of silence among the table, the sound of the other partygoers filling the lull.
“How is the weather up there?” Kenshi says, a cheeky grin on his face. Takeda stifles a giggle into Kenshi’s shirt. Hanzo purses his lips in annoyance. Tomas hardly reacts, attention pulled away elsewhere.
Kuai Liang looks over his shoulder, Fujin’s eye roll so severe that he can almost feel it from behind him as the man replies, “I do not know; how does the sun feel?” before taking another spoonful of sorbet. Raiden grins at the poor joke, seemingly having heard it more than a few times before. Kuai Liang doesn’t doubt it, considering the man’s longtime occupation and his mighty stature.
While the group chats for a little while longer — Takeda now having relaxed and sitting face-forward in Kenshi’s lap — Kuai Liang catches sight of Johnny along with two women he does not recognize, the former carrying a folded up table and two chairs while his companions carry several plastic boxes filled with paint, brushes, and stencils. They walk towards an empty spot by the bounce house and begin to set up, though for what Kuai Liang isn’t sure.
The music blanketing the backyard unexpectedly lowers in volume. On stage, the other clown — wearing a cap more akin to a jester than a clown — clears his throat, haughty and sanctimonious. “Ladies and gentleman, may I have your attention for my act of the evening,” he starts, standing erect with his feet together and a hand over his breast.
Tomas groans in disgust, and Kuai Liang silently agrees.
The entertainer begins his set, pulling multicolored cloth from one of his palms, stretching it out, and clapping his hands. When he parts them, the fabric has disappeared entirely. Some of the audience members are impressed, a few “oohs” and “ahhs” emanating from the crowd.
Young Cassie, however, sits up front with her arms crossed over her chest, and even by looking at her back, Kuai Liang can tell she is not amused.
He goes on, performing a variety of intriguing through standard magic tricks. Though the rest of guests remain respectfully seated, Cassie stands up and climbs on top of the stage, her face twisted in annoyed determination. The clown completely stops in his act and looks at her disapprovingly as he says, “Little girl, what are you doing?”
Cassie stands with her feet planted firmly on the floor and her hands clenched into tiny fists, a scowl wrinkling her young face. “Your tricks are stolen,” she accuses, her head high as she stares him in the eyes. “I’ve seen all of them!”
Sonya pushes through the crowd, admonishing Cassie for her rudeness as she approaches the stage. Cassie doesn’t even look in her mother’s direction and instead points a finger at the clown, who looks at her with an unpleasant frown. Kuai Liang doesn’t like where this is going.
“Admit it!”
The allegation seems to have hit a nerve for the performer, because he gives the accusatory finger a single glance before he begins shouting back at her. “Watch your mouth, you disrespectful brat!”
Then, in what feels like slow motion, Cassie puts one foot forward and swings her arm, her fist flying toward the clown’s groin and hitting him point blank with almost practiced precision.
“Cassie!” Sonya yells in stunned anger, her voice nearly lost in the audible gasp shared by the dozens of people watching.
The clown’s breath comes out as a wheezing groan, keeling over into a trembling heap on the ground.
Everyone at their table is speechless.
Johnny starts laughing so hard he squeaks.



Chapter End Notes
This chapter is not only the longest there will likely ever be in confectionery, but it's also the first half of a two-parter! Updates should be quicker from here on out.
Oh, and the clowns are absolutely Quan Chi and Shinnok. It was the best way I could think of to dunk on them in this universe lmao.
Also, if you'd like to ask me any questions about confectionery or my writing process, you can send me stuff through my curiouscat. 
footnote: HLL (华丽丽 [huá lì lì]) — adj., a comedic variation or deviation of 华丽 [huá lì] meaning high-profile, glamorous or flamboyant (chinasmack)


JADE & KITANA
Chapter Summary
It's Cassie's birthday party. With how crowded the festivities are, Kuai Liang is really only concerned with the company of a single person.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




On the other side of the yard, Johnny barks out a cackle so loud that Kuai Liang jumps. The only intelligible thing Johnny can say in his fit of squeaking laughter is “Holy shit!” before he bends over, tears streaming down his face.The rest of the guests — Kuai Liang included — are nothing but dumbfounded, split between watching Johnny convulse on the ground and the bald clown lifting his capped colleague off the stage floor. In Kenshi’s lap sits Takeda, craning his body around to see what the commotion was about, thankfully not having seen what Cassie had done. While the two women carrying paints scramble to find a place to settle their supplies and assist Johnny — who is a little else than a man-shaped heap at the moment — the contortionists gather the pony and escort the animal from the premises.Kuai Liang looks over to Sonya, who stands frozen by the stage, uncertain of what she should do. As he watches her, even he is unsure if she should aid the entertainers or who between her two loved ones should she admonish first: Cassie, for assaulting an admittedly rude man for being unamusing to her, or Johnny, for allowing Cassie to see him performing and subsequently reinforcing her for reenacting the same groin attack Kuai Liang recently saw in a rewatch of Citizen Cage.Returning his gaze to Johnny convulsing with laughter, one of the women — dressed from head to toe in sapphire blues, her jet black hair done in a perfectly round bun atop her head — appears to have given up any attempt to aid the host, staring down at him for a moment before kicking him quite literally in the ass. The action garners little response, her green-clad companion frowning at her and Johnny not reacting to it at all.In the midst of the entourage of performers exiting the backyard, the injured clown directs a handful of shouted obscenities at Cassie, Johnny, and Sonya, cursing the family with the type of colorful language avoided at children’s birthday parties.Hanzo rushes to cover Takeda’s ears as soon as the first swear spews from the disheveled man’s mouth, bending awkwardly from his chair to reach the child sitting in Kenshi’s lap. Takeda protests, claiming he’s heard worse, but Hanzo ignores his dissent. Kenshi opts to double-down, putting his hands atop Hanzo’s, earning a glare he cannot see.The jester tries to continue his tirade, but his bald colleague covers his mouth before he can poison the ears of the innocent further and pushes him through the gate, disappearing from the party with the pony and contortionist duo.A few moments later, the bouncy music returns to its previous volume, filling the stilted, hushed space with much needed background noise. With the entertainers gone and the stage unoccupied, the guests seem to come to their senses and continue to mingle, albeit a bit awkwardly, as they scatter across the backyard to occupy their time with food, drink, and play.At the end of the chaos, once everything apart from Johnny’s guffawing has calmed, Kenshi quietly asks, “What happened?”Kuai Liang becomes awashed with guilt — unwarranted guilt, but present regardless — due to observing the sudden disarray without thinking of the person sitting right across from him. He shoves the last bit of his cake into his mouth. Hanzo, seated beside the man, looks like he’d rather bury himself alive using only a spade than explain what had just occurred.Raiden attempts to begin explaining, but his own laughter bubbles up and muddles his words. He holds up a finger — requesting they wait, or maybe that he needs a moment to settle down — as he covers his laughter.Tomas answers the call to give Kenshi a play-by-play instead, Hanzo not moving his hands from the sides of Takeda’s head. It is a preferable thing that he did, as Tomas refers to the maneuver as “Johnny’s signature Nutcracker” with perhaps the most serious face Kuai Liang has ever seen his best friend muster.Kenshi sits silently for a moment. “Oh,” he finally says, twisting his mouth to stifle the chortle that threatens to erupt from his throat. “I see.”Hanzo sighs in frustration, the sound sharp and rushed, as he pulls his hands away from Takeda, returning them to his lap.“She’s certainly learned from her father,” Kenshi says, turning his head slightly in Hanzo’s direction. “And from her teacher.”Hanzo’s face twists into a scowl again. “I never taught her that.”“She certainly learned how to strike from you,” Kenshi replies, giving Takeda a couple bounces on his leg. “I know Takeda has.”“Quiet,” Hanzo chides back, quick and concise. His brows twist into a knot on his forehead, annoyed. Takeda giggles, his mood having elevated in just a few short minutes.Kuai Liang finds himself wanting to laugh, too, if only because Hanzo looks cute when he scowls. The more he thinks about it, the more he thinks “cute” is just as accurate as a descriptor as “handsome” is. Still, he doesn’t think Hanzo will take the former too kindly just yet. They’ve only been talking for about a month now, after all.“Takeda,” Kenshi starts, twisting in his seat so that he may lower the boy from his lap and onto the grass. “Why don’t you go and find your friends?”That relaxed demeanor Takeda had settled into quickly returns to that of being stiff and anxious, his hands coming together and curling toward his body as his fingers fiddle in worry. Kenshi trails a hand from his son’s arm to find his cheek, to which he then carefully pushes the boy’s hair back and strokes the back of his head. “You’ll be fine.”Takeda waits a moment, then finally nods. “Okay,” he says, a small smile appearing on his face before he turns around and runs off in search of Jin and maybe Jacqui, if Kuai Liang can figure out who that is. Takeda gives a quick wave as he hurries off, Hanzo returning it kindly.Gods, he really is cute.As he looks around, Kuai Liang notices that neither Sonya nor Cassie are outside, the former likely undergoing a thorough reprimand for what she had done. Johnny, however, is still on the ground, lying flat on his back, his laughter having subsided and face flushed from the exertion. The two women who were once with him have since left, setting up their table and chairs a couple meters away.Standing up from his chair, Kenshi requests that either Raiden or Fujin assist him in finding Sonya, as he would like to speak with her about a personal matter. Raiden takes the favor, setting his sorbet cup on the table and circling around to let Kenshi take hold of his arm.As the two leave, Kuai Liang remembers a certain little cake thief that he neglected to notify Raiden about, and cranes his head behind him to look at Fujin. “Excuse me,” he interrupts, “but I believe I saw young Jin stealing plates from the tables earlier.”Beside him, Tomas interjects with, “Wait, really? Is that where my cake went?”Kuai Liang lowers his voice, confused. “Did you have to get another serving?”Tomas nods, his eyes filled with despair. He looks like a kicked puppy.Fujin pauses, then swallows the bite of sorbet he was savoring. With a frown and an exasperated sigh, Fujin places his spoon into the cup and says, “Of course,” before leaving in search of the mischievous child.With only three of them remaining at the table — Tomas, Hanzo, and himself — the space suddenly feels empty, despite the clusters of people loitering only a couple meters away.Which is why it shouldn’t come as a surprise to him when Tomas comes up with a half-hearted excuse to leave the table, muttering something about taking a phone call for work as he grabs his empty plate and scuttles off to the trashcans, disappearing among the crowd.Were he a less awkward man, Kuai Liang might say, “And then there were two.” Instead, he fumbles on where to put his hands, having finished his cake and long since emptied his bottle of beer. He’d like to grab another, if only to help him calm his nerves, but the gravity of Hanzo’s presence is so strong that he couldn’t bear tearing himself away. They haven’t seen each other in several weeks, and the ache in Kuai Liang’s chest painfully reminds him of this fact.He forces himself to speak. “I must apologize for not having called recently,” Kuai Liang says, ultimately deciding on folding his hands in his lap. “Work and Johnny’s commission has absorbed much of my time these past few weeks.”Hanzo shakes his head, scooting his chair in forward. Kuai Liang tries not to think too much of it, but he can’t help but wonder if Hanzo wants to get closer to him in any way he can in the open like this. “There is nothing to apologize for; I have been just as preoccupied, now that the children are on summer vacation now,” Hanzo replies, looking out over the crowd.Kuai Liang does the same, finding little Takeda jumping around behind the mesh screen window of the bounce house, his hair billowing out from his head like sparrow’s wings with each ascent. There are a few children playing inside, but one in particular stands out as she reaches for Takeda’s hands, her braided hair adorned with colorful beads flying through the air just like his as they jump together. Takeda ducks his head when she gets a hold of his hands, but doesn’t pull away. He wonders if that’s Jacqui.A question comes to mind. “How many of these children attend your teachings?” Kuai Liang asks, recalling Kenshi’s words from earlier. Their town isn’t small, but it’s certainly not as big as a metropolitan city. Considering that he lives several miles away, it stands to reason that not everyone here is from the same neighborhood as this extravagant home.“Oh, I...” Hanzo looks around the party, surveying the faces among the crowd. “...do not recognize many of these people. Takeda and Cassandra are the only children here who attend my lessons.”Perhaps this town isn’t so small, then.Kuai Liang glances at the bounce house again, spotting Takeda and the girl spinning in uneven circles on the wobbly floor. “Is that Jacqui, the child Kenshi mentioned?”Hanzo nods. His face remains neutral.“Does she not attend your school?”“No.” Hanzo shakes his head. Disappointment lines his brow. “Jackson Briggs does not approve of his daughter learning martial arts,” he states, leaning back in his seat a bit and crossing his arms. “She asked me once, and he denied her before I could say anything. It is a shame, really; I believe Jacqueline would excel quite well.”Kuai Liang hums. Truth be told, he isn’t sure of what it’s like in this country, but his Shotokan classes as a youth had quite a number of young girls among the students. He wonders if this Jackson is concerned due to his child’s gender, if he is merely a protective father, or if there is some other deciding factor that he is not aware of. Curious as he is, he decides not to ask, largely because he assumes Hanzo is just as unaware.A silence passes over the two of them, the music and chattering of nearby partygoers taking the place of their conversation without much effort. Kuai Liang wants to keep talking with the other man — if only to hear Hanzo’s voice more — but he is well aware that his social skills are sometimes wanting, and his ability to engage in small talk outside of work is nearly nonexistent.“Would you like to join me to the dessert table?” Hanzo asks not long after.Kuai Liang starts to rise from his seat before even Hanzo does. “It would be my pleasure,” he says, pushing his chair in.The smile Hanzo gives him as he stands up from his own seat makes his heart skip a beat. Hanzo stands until Kuai Liang rounds the table and steps beside him. Together, they cross the backyard, managing to walk side-by-side through the scattered groups of partygoers.As they carefully make their way between two small clusters, Hanzo’s hand brushes his wrist as they pass the crowd, and Kuai Liang’s face grows hot again. He slows down, stepping aside to stand behind Hanzo, both so that they can get through easier without bumping into other people and to hide the pinkness of his cheeks. Though brief, that quick swipe of contact is enough for his mind to run the sensation on repeat as they approach the table, its surface much emptier since the first time he saw it.Rubbing the spot on his arm that was gently grazed, Kuai Liang stares at the lines of Hanzo’s back, his shoulder blades creating beautifully contoured shadows on the fabric of his shirt. Kuai Liang can’t help but notice how well the faded red Henley fits his body, snug around the shoulders, arms, and chest, but loose around his waist before it settles easily over his hips.Taking a deep breath, Kuai Liang returns to Hanzo’s side in front of the dipping cabinet, trying his best to avoid ogling the man so blatantly, so unashamedly. He feels fortunate that Hanzo is interested in him, too — a fact which still makes his head reel, several weeks later — as he would otherwise consider himself to be an impudent sleaze for how much he stares.“Of the flavors you prepared for today,” Hanzo begins, surveying the depleted variety of ice cream on the other side of the glass top with a curious gaze. “...which one would you say is your favorite?”The question honestly surprises Kuai Liang, as Hanzo hasn’t shown interest in his handmade confections before now. In fact, as Kuai Liang remembers from the first time they met, Hanzo made it a point that he wasn’t particularly fond of ice cream, and he surely didn’t make that sweet plum syrup himself.Studying the inside of the dipping cabinet, Kuai Liang finds that most of the tubs are largely depleted, only a few scoops left inside in all but two — butter pecan and coconut pineapple — that apparently did not ring particularly high with their fellow party guests. He doesn’t take it personally, but it is still a bit disappointing to discover. He hopes it’ll all be gone by the end of the night.Kuai Liang hums as he looks over the remaining desserts, deliberating on which he would declare as his “favorite” among them. It’s difficult, as his commission did not include his actual, personal favorite of vanilla bean gelato. And while he did, in fact, prepare a tub of vanilla bean ice cream for today, it isn’t the same, though he may be the only person here really able to discern the difference between the two dairy-based sweets.Taking the scoop in hand, Kuai Liang opens the cabinet and gestures to the flavor of his choice. “What is your opinion on vanilla bean?”Hanzo tilts his head slightly, an amused and almost flirty glint shining in his eye. “Ambivalent, really,” he replies, pushing up the sleeves of his shirt over his elbows before grabbing a paper bowl. The muscle tone, the golden tan, the dark hairs lining Hanzo’s forearms — Kuai Liang has to make a concerted effort to avoid staring at him again, to strangle the whine tempted to escape his throat.He can only imagine the number of Hanzo’s young students who have a crush on their handsome Hapkido instructor. He certainly wouldn’t blame those who do.Kuai Liang takes the bowl as Hanzo hands it to him, turning back to the cabinet to fill the bright pink container with two expertly rounded scoops. Thumbing the last one into the bowl, he then asks if Hanzo is going to try it with toppings, gesturing with his chin to the dessert table’s assortment of sprinkles, candies, and fruits. While he may not have curated the selection, he has confidence that Johnny and Sonya chose suitable ingredients. Personally, he would recommend a gentle dusting of chocolate jimmies and leave it at that. Vanilla bean should be enjoyed without being drowned in other flavors, he thinks.Silently, he grumbles at Johnny’s order at Dragon’s Ice. He hopes he never has to do that again, but he doubts that time will be the last.To that, however, Hanzo shakes his head, and takes the bowl without another word. Their fingers brush one another in the transaction, and Kuai Liang marvels at how warm Hanzo’s skin feels. Even under the blistering summer sun, the heat of Hanzo’s skin makes him sweat more than the light beating the dark top of his head and across his clothed back.He longs to hold that hand again soon, even if it only lasts long enough for him to give it an affectionate squeeze. The prospect of it happening sometime during the party is enough to fill his chest with fluttering elation.Hanzo shifts to the side to grab a spoon from one of the utensil canisters, and just as he begins to cut through the quickly softening ice cream, Kuai Liang turns his head aside, his mind already fixated on Hanzo’s hands, Hanzo’s arms, Hanzo’s skin. He need not add upon that list by thinking about how soft Hanzo’s lips look or how wet his tongue might be.Instead, he watches a few of the guests strip down, folding their day clothes onto their chairs or outright throwing them aside, and then taking a plunge into the pool in their bathing suits.Still sweating, Kuai Liang wishes Johnny had told him that he had a swimming pool, though — considering who Johnny Cage is — he realizes he likely should have simply assumed. Regardless, if he had the foresight to bring his own swimwear, a dip in some cool water sounds like the perfect remedy for both alleviating his body from the overwhelming heat and his mind of such electrifying imagery.“I am usually not very fond of ice cream," Hanzo says, bringing Kuai Liang’s attention back to the one making him so distracted lately, “but you might have changed my mind.” He concludes with a quick lick of his upper lip, catching the small drops of cream that had made a home in his facial hair. Kuai Liang tries his best not to stare.“I am flattered,” he replies, tossing the scoop into the air with a twirl for flair before catching it with stumbling. The two of them smile at each other, flirting unashamedly, though if someone were to point it out to them, neither would admit to such.A burst of laughter accompanied by a chorus of canine shouts nearby draws both of their gazes away from one another. Past a collection of tables and on the empty patch of grass lies a morphing mass of fur atop a pair of legs. Even from here, Kuai Liang recognizes the dark grey jeans and black high top sneakers beneath the curly coat of a chocolate Labradoodle propped atop them, Tomas’ minimal and youthful fashion tastes well known to him.Setting the scoop back in its proper place, Kuai Liang motions to Hanzo that he is headed that way, to which the other man nods in the middle of taking another spoonful of ice cream and begins walking with him soon after.As they pass the tables and toward the open corral of the guests’ — and maybe those of the hosts — dogs, Hanzo asks how he and Tomas met, covering his mouth as he continues eating. With Tomas’ laughter and affectionate baby talk being drowned out by barks of numerous pitches and volumes, Kuai Liang makes his explanation quick and tells Hanzo that he met his lifelong companion when he was about eleven, Tomas being a few years younger. They met not long after Kuai Liang and Bi-Han moved to Beijing.He leaves out that their previous children’s home was rife with abuse, and Bi-Han retaliated rather... aggressively after several years of maltreatment from the people who were meant to take care of them. Kuai Liang considers that to be a discussion for another time, when they’re in the right place, during the right time.Kuai Liang stops at Tomas’ feet, giving the sole of his shoe with a tap, jabbing at it with his own foot. Tomas cranes his head around one of the dogs — a fluffy Pomeranian, its coat the color of toasted marshmallows — and reveals a toothy grin, the expression of someone perfectly within their element. He gives a little wave and promptly enters a fit of giggles after a Golden Retriever gives his face a slobbery lick.Hanzo looks upon the sight, a grimace present on his features despite a visible effort to hide it. Not much of an animal person, Kuai Liang assumes, though he knows plenty people who would prefer not to be covered in saliva, even by their own pets. Thinking on it, he’s probably one of those people himself.Above, the sun continues to shine ever so bright. Kuai Liang begins to feel a little overwhelmed from the heat, sweat dripping from the nape of his neck and from the soft sides of his knees. Perhaps he should have worn shorts as opposed to jeans today.Seeing that Tomas is considerably preoccupied with no escape from the avalanche of dogs that have claimed him as their current object of obsession, Kuai Liang says that he will see him sometime later, shouting a bit just to be sure his friend can hear him above all the noise.He then turns to Hanzo, getting a good look at the way he licks the concave side of the spoon to catch some running drips of ice cream he missed the first time. Tempted to fan himself for more than just one reason, he speaks up. “May we return to the table?”Hanzo quickly swallows his bite down before replying, “Yes, of course,” the grimace having vanished from his face. It is replaced by an expression Kuai Liang isn’t sure how to read.They make their way back, walking side-by-side past a considerably thinning crowd, several of the guests having joined the others in the pool, leaving behind stacks of clothing atop their chairs or on bags sitting beside the vacant seats. Regardless of the increased amount of space to walk through, Hanzo and Kuai Liang inevitably bump shoulders a couple times, brushing each others’ arms as they stroll.Kuai Liang isn’t doing it on purpose, but he isn’t sure about Hanzo.He hopes that he is.With the back of his hand, Kuai Liang wipes some sweat off his forehead, having felt the moisture gathering along his hairline. It shines on his skin with a slick quality. He frowns.“Are you feeling hot?” Hanzo asks, taking another spoonful of vanilla bean. He bumps Kuai Liang’s arm again, sidestepping a child barreling past them.“Yes,” Kuai Liang replies, pulling his shirt away from his breast and tugging a few times, pushing air along his chest with the motions. “Tomas was correct earlier; I do not tolerate heat well.”Hanzo’s gaze gets distant and shifts away, swallowing his ice cream with an almost audible gulp. “I quite like the heat actually. The cold, however, is not as friendly,” he says, setting his spoon back into the bowl. “I am thankful it is summer time.”Kuai Liang chuckles to himself, holding out his shirt with the fabric pinched between his thumb and forefinger. “I miss the winter.” He looks up at the clouds, watching them slowly drift along the bright sky, missing the sun by miles. Some shade would be nice.A small grin sneaks onto Hanzo’s face as he returns his gaze to Kuai Liang’s profile, to which he returns the eye contact. Their steps lull for only a moment, but Kuai Liang latches onto that moment where their eyes met with the same ferocity as he would a cliff’s edge.Hanzo pulls away first. Kuai Liang speeds up his strides, if only to reach the table faster. The shadows cast by the nearby tree calls to him like an oasis in the middle of a desert.“Would it be accurate to assume your birthday is in winter?” Hanzo asks, trailing just a bit behind Kuai Liang.Pulling out his chair and pivoting around it to sit down, he feels relieved to be out of the sun. He nods, saying, “Yes, in fact, at the very end of the year.”“Hm,” Hanzo hums, sitting across from him. He sounds as if he’s going to continue, but he instead works to finish off the last few remaining morsels of ice cream. The plastic spoon scrapes along the paper with a pleasing shush.“His birthday is in September, by the by.”The voice coming from behind startles him, its gentle tone and soft volume catching him by surprise almost in spite of its mellowness. He recognizes it as Kenshi before he turns around to look at the man in question, being aided by Raiden to the other side of the table.“I think you startled him, Mr. Takahashi,” Raiden says humorously, guiding Kenshi to his chair and pulling it by the back to allow him to sit.Kenshi’s mouth contorts into a regretful frown. “My apologies. Usually I am the one being frightened,” he says, letting go of Raiden’s elbow and sitting himself down. Raiden steps back and weaves his fingers together at his front, towering over the seated Hanzo and Kenshi.“Do not worry yourself,” Kuai Liang replies kindly. Turning back to Hanzo, he asks, “Are there any celebrations planned?”“He dislikes celebrations,” Kenshi answers for him, which earns him yet another glare from his housemate.“You could at least allow me to speak for myself, Kenshi,” he retorts, setting his empty bowl on the wooden tabletop. Even if Hanzo didn’t have his mouth full with his final bit of vanilla bean ice cream, Kenshi would’ve interrupted anyway, Kuai Liang assumes. Their relationship doesn’t seem too different from that of his with Tomas, one that is born out of a closeness typically found among siblings that have a penchant for bickering.Ignoring him, Kenshi continues, his frown transforming into a cheeky grin. “We usually stay at home and do nothing particularly exciting.”“I do not enjoy being pampered,” Hanzo grumbles, crossing his arms.Oh, if he had his way and plenty of money to spare, he’d spoil this man as if he were a member of royalty.“Well,” Kuai Liang starts, leaning forward in his seat, “please do invite me over for dinner that day. I would greatly appreciate being welcomed to your home, especially on the day of your birth, Hanzo.”“Sure,” Hanzo says gently, his head turned to the side. He stares at the ground, perhaps a bit sheepishly.“Absolutely!” Kenshi exclaims almost immediately after, clapping his hands together. “It is on a weekday, so we may have to schedule for the late evening, as I know you work late yourself.”The voice of a child shouting streams through the air behind him as Kuai Liang assures both Kenshi and Hanzo that they’ll make it work. “Though, I will need a ride there,” he mentions quickly as Takeda bounces up to the table, standing between Kenshi and Hanzo’s chairs.Takeda’s petite hands grip onto the edge of the table, using it as leverage as he jumps up and down. “Dad, Hanzo, I got my face painted!” he yells, his voice wobbling in volume with each hop. Framing his eyes is grey paint outlined with black, white, and a darker grey to mimic the texture of fur. The tip of his nose is painted solid black.“What did Jade and Kitana make you this time?” Kenshi asks, orienting his head just slightly in Takeda’s direction, his grin warm and attentive.“A wolf!” Takeda says. “Are you gonna your face painted, too, Dad?”“Yes, in a bit, once I know the line is short.” Kenshi juts his chin in Hanzo’s direction, signaling that he should be his eyes regarding the line for the time being.Takeda turns to his right. “What about you, Hanzo?” His bounces get shorter yet faster, alternating between putting his weight on left foot to his right foot. “Please?”Hanzo shakes his head, pulling his lips into a pursed, forced smile. “I would rather not, Takeda.”“Oh, come on!” Takeda whines. “You didn’t last year! Jade could paint anything you asked for!”Kenshi reaches out for Takeda’s arm and, once he finds it, follows it with his fingertips to find his shoulder. He gives it a squeeze, tugging slightly to get his son to look at him. “If he does not want to, then he does not want to, son.”Takeda’s bouncing halts and the boy visibly deflates. “Okay...” he mumbles, disappointed and stepping away from the table. Though his head is tucked down, Kuai Liang spots the glimmer of little white teeth appearing on the boy’s face. Then, without another word, Takeda bolts away, past the group and in the direction of the buffet tables.While Kenshi muses aloud on what he should get — “Hanzo, what if we got matching hearts on our faces?” “No.” — Kuai Liang looks around the backyard for Tomas, eventually spotting him not far from where he was before, instructing the Golden Retriever at his feet to sit, speak, and shake. At some point, he tied his hair back, likely done to keep his neck cool and his temples dry.Kuai Liang wishes he still shaved, if only to get the heat retained by his beard off of his face. Really, he’s just thankful that the tree above him is so massive that it shields the sun over the entire area around the table.Kenshi inquires everyone at the table as to what he should get painted, to which Hanzo simply refuses to answer, appearing wary of the smirk on his housemate’s face. Raiden comments that he is going to join Fujin in line in a few moments, but that he is also unsure of what he will ask for. Meanwhile, Kuai Liang merely says he has nothing, undecided if he’ll get anything for himself, let alone having any ideas for someone he hardly knows.After a few moments of silence, Kenshi turns his head in Hanzo’s direction and stares straight at him, smirk unwavering.“Kenshi, I will not get my face painted,” Hanzo says, determined to end the conversation as soon as possible.“Hey, Hanzo!”The person in question, along with Kenshi and Kuai Liang, turn toward the call. Takeda, practically sprinting, approaches the table with a hand hidden behind him, lips pursed in a poorly-concealed grin. He stops beside Hanzo, saying nothing.Then, just as Hanzo opens his mouth to speak, Takeda flings his hand from back and swipes his palm across Hanzo’s face, smearing cake frosting onto his left cheek and down his jaw.Hanzo jolts backward, mouth open wide in surprise at being assaulted with blue and green frosting, the brightly-colored glaze caught on his beard and coating his skin with an almost painter-like stroke.“Here, now you have your face painted!” Takeda says with laughter before running off once more. Kuai Liang — himself without words to say about the boy’s behavior — watches him as he goes, disappearing through the entrance of the bounce house.Exasperated, Hanzo rises from his chair and excuses himself, heading toward the house. Rightfully confused, Kenshi asks what happened, to which Raiden answers almost grimly. Kuai Liang notices that their mutual acquaintance isn’t nearly as amused with Hanzo’s humiliation as he was with the petulant clown that had been assaulted by Cassie’s tiny fist, but that may be because he is fully aware of how proud Hanzo can be.Though, in Kuai Liang’s case, there are more reasons than just Hanzo’s pride that would keep him from taking pleasure in his pain. To laugh at the man’s misfortune behind his back would be particularly cruel, considering how enamored he is with him otherwise.Kenshi, meanwhile, seems caught between disappointment and entertainment, letting out a single, short laugh with his mouth twisted into a conflicted grimace. “Well,” he starts, folding his hands together and sighing. “I will have to give Takeda a firm talking-to about this.” Once the amusement fades from his face, however, Kenshi looks nothing short of anxious.As soon as it appeared, however, Kenshi shifts back into his more cheerful demeanor. “Shall we get in line, then?”Both Kuai Liang and Raiden agree, and Raiden shifts to assist Kenshi once again. Kenshi, however, declines, requesting him to go ahead and allow them to catch up. Raiden acquiesces, bowing and saying goodbye for the meantime before heading towards the other side of the backyard.Feeling a bit put on the spot, Kuai Liang hesitantly rises from his chair. “Do you... would you like my help?” he asks, rounding the table to stand by Kenshi’s side.“Yes, I’d greatly appreciate it,” Kenshi replies, standing up with his hands braced on the tabletop. “Thank you.”Recalling what Raiden had done earlier, Kuai Liang holds out his arm in a fashion that makes him feel like a very traditional gentleman. Kenshi reaches his hand out in search of the limb before landing the heel of his hand on Kuai Liang’s wrist. Gingerly, he follows the length of Kuai Liang’s arm with his fingers until he finds the crook of his elbow, then adjusts his hand to softly cup the bony joint.It feels considerably intimate, but Kuai Liang finds that he minds little. Perhaps that amiable and surprisingly casual air that Kenshi carries makes Kuai Liang feel more comfortable, even though he has spent much of his life with a minimal amount of physical contact with other people.Following the stone path that cuts through the backyard, Kuai Liang guides Kenshi toward the painters’ table, slowing his strides considerably in comparison to his usual pace. He does his best to be mindful of those around him, both not wanting to lead Kenshi to crashing into another body or himself bumping into someone on their way there.However, a slightly uncomfortable silence covers them like a darkened cloud, Kuai Liang desperately wanting to converse with Hanzo’s closest friend, but lost as to where he should start or what to even say. He glances over at Kenshi to his right, trying to get some kind of read on his expression, but the sunglasses shielding his eyes make it difficult. Kenshi remains silent, keeping tempo easily.At least he has the sounds of screaming children, splashing water, barking dogs, and obnoxious pop music to fill in the gaps.He catches sight of a few other painted faces among the partygoers, catching sight of young Cassie and the rabbit features drawn over her own, her face bright white and nose peachy pink. She squeals with laughter as Jacqui — her cheekbones adorned with colorful butterfly wings — and Jin — a fire-breathing dragon trailing from his jawbone to his brow and across his forehead — chase her with water blasters around the bounce house.A few of the adults have taken the time to be adorned with art, spotting Fujin with a crown of clouds lining his brow as he and Raiden chat nearby, keeping an eye of the aforementioned children a safe distance away from their jets of water. Lao, nursing a bottle of lager, wears a matching dragon like that of his younger cousin, its fire breath a stunningly bright blue.What should he get for himself? He’s still at a loss.After the lengthy stroll, they reach the platform where the two women — Jade and Kitana, if he is assuming correctly — have stationed themselves. The elevated bed of grass is walled off from the swimming pool below it with an elegantly wavy row of matching bricks, connecting to the basin of the pool naturally. A stairway on the side leads up to their table, shaded by a tree of grandiose size that rustles gently above them.Kuai Liang is surprised to see that they have no line waiting for them, and watches as the woman dressed in brilliant blues adds a flower to the stem trailing along the neck on her companion, using delicate strokes to create the petals of a primrose right under her jaw. The woman in green laughs, complaining about being tickled by the thin brush tracing along her skin, and her partner pauses in her painting with a smile that scrunches her eyes with adoration before leaning forward for a kiss.Their lips meet delicately, and the sight of it makes Kuai Liang nothing short of giddy. 

The elation he feels seeing people like him existing in a space without resistance or ostracization is almost overwhelming. He never would have dared to hug his high school boyfriend in public — let alone bringing their lips together — for fear of what could be done to them because of it. He’s spent a long time being reserved about his sexuality, fearful of what may happen if the wrong person became privy to that knowledge. To see others be unabashedly open and everyone else treating it as they would with straight couples is encouraging, and he feels that he’s found a genuinely kind and accepting group of people. It pleases him to no end that he has, at the very least, found a community where people can comfortably be their authentic selves without worry. Truthfully, he’s deeply grateful for it.He feels a little untoward intruding the pair, though.Pulling Kenshi slightly closer to his side so that they may fit on the narrow staircase, Kuai Liang makes the short ascent with a clearing of his throat, announcing their arrival to the two women. The pair part from their embrace without an ounce of distress, turning in his and Kenshi’s direction smoothly.“Hello, Kenshi,” the woman wearing a loose, emerald blouse says, standing up and placing a hand on the man’s arm. “It has been some time since I last saw you.”Kenshi releases his hold on Kuai Liang’s arm. “Jade,” he smiles, raising his other hand to meet with her elbow. “A shame to not have been in your presence since Johnny’s last party.” He pauses, then goes on. “Are you wearing a new perfume? You smell positively divine.”The other woman snorts, threading her fingers together with her arms resting on the table. “Shameless flirt.”“Can you blame me, Kitana? Your wife is simply radiant,” Kenshi says, his mouth stretching into a sparkling grin.Kitana simply says no, to which Jade laughs heartily.She rises from her own seat and extends a manicured hand to Kuai Liang. “I apologize for Kenshi neglecting to introduce you,” Kitana says. Kenshi objects to this, but she quickly cuts him of as she continues. “What is your name?”Kuai Liang grasps her hand, giving it a firm shake. Her grip is comparable to Sonya’s, solid and determined. “I am Kuai Liang, an associate of Johnny Cage’s.”“Oh, you must be the same Kuai Liang that Hanzo has talked so much about,” she replies, her brows raising on her forehead. “I am Kitana.”It takes a considerable amount of self-control to not pry further at the mention of Hanzo, desperately curious as to what the man said about him, especially because he apparently has related more than a mere mention.Instead, he replies with the standard pleasantry, greeting her warmly. When the two of them let go, Jade extends her free arm and Kuai Liang grasps her hand to give a firm shake. Her grip is just as strong, and a quick look at the muscles in her bicep indicates that she’s quite the weightlifter. She introduces herself as well, her aura emanating a similarly elegant quality like that of her wife, and Kuai Liang feels like he’s almost in the presence of royalty.Jade escorts Kenshi to one of the chairs, her low-hanging ponytail being gently nudged in the breeze blowing through the backyard. Looking at Kuai Liang as Kenshi sits, she asks, “Would you like to get something painted?”Kuai Liang shakes his head. “I would, but I have not a single idea of what I would want.”“That’s fine,” Kitana says, kneeling down and opening one of the roller bags hidden underneath the table. “We can look through one of our art books for inspiration.”Flipping the carrier flap over, Kitana reaches a hand in and heaves out a hefty binder with a spine at least two inches wide. While Kenshi and Jade talk — playing catch-up with one another as opposed to discussing what Kenshi would like to get done — and Kitana sets the binder onto a clear spot on the table, Johnny announces his arrival with a jovial shout at the foot of the stairs.The group turn in the loud man’s direction, Kenshi having been startled by the sudden noise. It takes Kuai Liang a second, but Johnny’s full face of makeup is unmistakably from Ninja Mime, one of the few Cage films he’s watched with Tomas that he can actually remember.“What’s up, party people?” Johnny exclaims, hopping up the stairs with a jogger’s enthusiasm. “It’s so quiet over here.”“Maybe we like it that way,” Kitana replies without hiding her disdain for his high volume, opening the binder and idly thumbing the corners of the plastic page sleeves with a deck of fresh cards. “Kuai Liang, would you like to look through this?”He nods, moving to stand beside her and browse its pages. Johnny goes to Kenshi’s side, apologizing for scaring him and planting his hand on the man’s shoulder. Kenshi accepts the apology yet flicks Johnny’s arm with his finger with the same irreverence one would to a common housefly. The strike makes Johnny yelp, but he pushes it aside as he asks, “What’cha gonna get, Kenshi? Wanna be my sidekick from Ninja Mime Four, the Living Statue?”“I would rather not,” Kenshi replies immediately, leaning back in his chair. “A solid gold face sounds boring, anyhow.”“Do you have any other bright ideas, Johnny?” Jade asks, crossing a leg over its counterpart’s knee, her metallic sandals glimmering in the sunlight.Kitana pays no mind to their conversation, focusing instead on where Kuai Liang’s eyes land in the binder as he scans through pages upon pages of reference images, some more complicated than the others. Looking through the divider tabs, Kuai Liang finds the word “winter” among them. Unsure of what event people would get their faces painted during a season where few leave the confines of their home for leisure, he turns to it anyway. He becomes distracted, however, curious what Johnny will do.“In fact, I do,” Johnny says. He reaches for a brush drying atop a paper towel sheet and asks, “May I?”Jade gestures to the table of paints and gives him free rein — for however long it will last — to use Kenshi’s face as a canvas. “I don’t trust you, and I don’t think Kenshi does either, but I will allow it. Is that alright, Kenshi?”Kenshi sighs. “I will humor you, Johnny.”With a mischievous grin, Johnny takes the brush in hand and dips it in a small vat of fuchsia-colored paint, swirling the liquid around for good measure. Giving the brush’s end a couple taps on the side of the container to let off any excess, Johnny then brings the bristles to Kenshi’s right cheek, beginning with a lopsided circle.Once Johnny draws a hook-shaped line starting from the base of the circle and looping it back down in an arch that could be best described as phallic, Kenshi grabs the nearest cup of paint his fingers can find and splashes it in Johnny’s face, drenching his mime-based visage with bright cyan pigment.A few bursts of laughter filter through to their table from the pool, several guests having made an audience of themselves to Johnny’s antics.Johnny holds in a sputtering laugh and pulls the brush away from Kenshi’s skin, his shut eyes almost disappearing behind the dripping paint slowing falling down his face. “Okay, I deserve that.”Simultaneously, Jade and Kenshi say, “Yes, you do.”Placing the brush back on the table, Johnny swipes a hand across his eyes, clearing the area of paint and smearing the makeup that was delicately applied underneath. Any semblance of a mime on his face has been destroyed.“What happened?” asks another voice, low and unassuming.Kuai Liang turns around to find a still very disgruntled Hanzo, his scowl lightened only by the blue and green food coloring staining his skin with a cheerfulness effortlessly juxtaposing his dark expression. Were he not so fond of the man — and admittedly desperate to maintain his approval — Kuai Liang would probably laugh at the sight.Kitana, flipping between a few pages of her reference book, doesn’t even look up when she says, “Johnny being Johnny.”“He drew a dick on my face,” Kenshi says bluntly, rubbing his cheek in an effort remove the quickly drying strokes of pink paint.“Oh,” Hanzo says, a small smile spreading across his face. “How cordial of you, Johnny.”“You gotta admit it was funny, though,” Johnny laughs, tearing a spare paper towel off the nearby roll and wiping off his paint-covered hand. With a final swipe, Johnny holds out his arms as if he were waiting for applause. He looks worse than the clowns. “Dicks are never not funny.”Kuai Liang can think of a few times where penises aren’t funny.That's probably because he’s gay.Jade hums in disapproval, then looks toward Hanzo. “Would you like to get something painted? Or did someone beat me to it?” she asks, a laugh bubbling in her throat.Hanzo groans, pushing the lock of hair that’s fallen over his face out of his eyes. “No, thank you. You may compliment Takeda on his artistry.”Tearing his eyes way from Hanzo, Kuai Liang returns his gaze to the reference sheets. Even though he has the entire binder’s contents to his disposal, he is inevitably drawn to the various snowflake patterns on the page Kitana has left open.Picking one, Kuai Liang points to a snowflake and Kitana looks to him for approval, the two of them silently agreeing on a piece so as to not interrupt Kenshi, Hanzo, and Johnny’s conversation — or, rather, their bickering. Kitana unlocks the binder rings and pulls out the sheet, then locks it, closes the binder, and slips it back into the carrier bag.“Have any ideas?” Kenshi asks Hanzo, letting Jade push his chin in the opposite direction so that she may clean his vandalized face with a cleansing wipe.“No,” says Hanzo.Johnny then moves to say, “I have a few m—” before being promptly shushed by Kenshi. He closes his mouth and takes the hint, giving a wave as he bids farewell — for the meantime, anyway — to the group and trots down the steps.“Finally, some peace and quiet,” Kitana mutters under her breath, unscrewing the lid off a light blue jar of paint. Looking back up to Kuai Liang, she speak more clearly when she asks, “Where do you want to be painted?”Knowing that he has little space available on his face and not wanting to put a single, highly detailed snowflake on the center of his forehead, opts for the back of his hand, holding up his left hand for her to take.“How about...” Jade starts, wiping off the last bit of pink drawn on Kenshi’s face. “...your name? In kanji?”Kenshi appears to ruminate the idea, then nods. “I like that, but do you know how to write it?”“Not at all,” she replies easily. “But I know Hanzo does.”Hanzo doesn’t react, but he doesn’t look exactly pleased. It’s a little difficult to take him seriously, however, with his face stained bright green and blue.Grabbing a cleaning wipe with one hand and taking Kuai Liang’s hand in the other, Kitana wipes his skin clear of any dirt that’s made a home in his pores. Tossing it in the nearby trash can, she then waves it dry for a few seconds, her hold on him surprisingly gentle. It is very unlike her handshake from earlier, but he doesn’t mind.“If I wrote it down, it would be illegible,” Kenshi replies, his tone dry. He has a point, Kuai Liang thinks, as Kitana paints the first few lines on his hand with a very fine brush. Watching her for a few short moments, he finds himself silently awed by how precise her strokes are, as well as how fast she is creating the complex snowflake pattern on his skin. Is she a professional artist?Hanzo sighs, stepping closer and quietly asking for a brush. Jade hands one to him, asking Kenshi what color he would like. As she opens the red container of paint, she points to an already opened jar of white for Hanzo to use to write the base.Kuai Liang becomes caught between observing Kitana’s quick work and staring at Hanzo as he dips the brush in paint. When Hanzo brings his hand to Kenshi’s chin to hold the man’s head in place, a small twinge aches in his gut. He isn’t jealous — the word is too intense and specific for what he’s feeling — but seeing him touch someone else that way, even platonically, fills him with longing.He wonders how Hanzo’s hands would feel on his face.“How do the two of you know Johnny and Sonya?” Kuai Liang asks, largely in an attempt to distract himself.“Dinner parties,” mumbles Kitana, hard at work at creating snow crystal patterns.Jade elaborates, noting that they are also neighbors, living in a nice though not nearly as luxurious home down the hill.As Hanzo paints on Kenshi’s cheek, the individual brushstrokes quick and perhaps a bit sloppy, Kenshi chides in with, “Such a gentle touch, Hanzo.”All Hanzo says in response is, “Quiet,” the man too busy with writing the characters cleanly to retort with much else. Kuai Liang smiles at the concentrated furrow of Hanzo’s brow, and he thinks he hears Jade get a chuckle out of it, too. 
 “Yo, Johnny!” yells a tall man, half of his face painted with the American flag with a stylistic messiness that can only really be seen in the light cast by the flood lamps illuminating the driveway. Jackson — or Jax, as everyone here at the party seems to call him — wears a folded bandanna to match around the tricep of one of his highly-advanced prosthetic arms, their carbon fiber casing being shown off easily due to his blue tank top. “You ready to get your ass kicked?”Kuai Liang hasn’t met the man face-to-face yet, but Hanzo was kind enough to introduce him indirectly after Johnny and Jax had entered a boasting match, the pair starting their fireworks competition before the sun had even reached the horizon. Jax is a retired soldier himself, having served in the same battalion as Sonya before surviving a grenade blast that incinerated his arms.Knowing that now, Kuai Liang has a hunch why Jax would rather his daughter not take Hapkido lessons, even under the tutelage of a trusted family friend. While not having talked to Hanzo about it, he also has a feeling that Takeda’s attachment to her probably complicates matters further.Johnny, still covered in cyan paint and looking nothing short of what Tomas would call a “hot mess,” laughs mockingly as he pulls out a few roman candles and cone fountains from a box burgeoning with a variety of fireworks. Nearby, on the lawn beside the driveway, are the children playing with sparklers, Cassie doing an improvised dance routine with a sparkler in each hand while others like Jin and Takeda wave the ignited sticks around in the air.Kuai Liang stands beside Hanzo among a cluster of the partygoers still in attendance. Some of the guests have already left — primarily those who brought their children for the birthday celebrations — and those who are still here are largely people he actually recognizes.Raiden and Fujin departed before nightfall, bidding farewell early as they both have work at the weather station early the next morning. Lao stuck around to enjoy the festivities further and to keep an eye on young Jin so that the boy could spend more time with his friends.Jade and Kitana stayed as well, having covered each other’s faces and necks with blooming flower illustrations since finishing Kenshi and Kuai Liang’s projects. They sit on the grass only a few feet away, nursing glasses of wine with a bottle shared between them.Kenshi has situated himself on the porch swing, enjoying himself a shaken martini as he awaits the “inevitable onslaught of attacks on his aging ears” as he described it while Hanzo was guiding him to the seat, Kuai Liang in tow. Still impressive is the way in which Jade painted his name down his face, giving it the kind of depth that makes it appear as if it was appearing from underneath the skin.Tomas is still around, though Kuai Liang isn’t sure exactly where, as he ran to the bathroom so he wouldn’t miss the show after it started proper. He hopes that he shows up soon, especially after the two of them enthused about seeing fireworks in person for the first time since they left China; Kuai Liang has always worked the night of Independence Day until today, and for New Year’s neither of them had gone out to see a presentation, usually spending the evening celebrating at Tomas’ home.Johnny and Jax trade a few more jabs with one another — all in good fun, however, if the grins on their faces are anything to go by — as they hand a variety of fireworks to surrounding guests, a buzz of excitement emanating over the front yard.Within a just a few more moments, a smokey ball of light rockets into the night sky, exploding into a splash of green as it reaches the peak of its flight. Several more are launched and quickly the partygoers erupt into a chorus of varied approval, the sounds of applause and vocalized awe underlining the explosions brightening the nighttime air.Kuai Liang’s chest flutters with a nostalgic glee, recalling the fireworks shows of his childhood, as enamored with the wondrous display as he was as a young boy during the Chinese New Year. Tempted to step forward and request a candle to point toward the waning moon himself, he opts to stay where he is, feeling the inescapable gravity of Hanzo’s presence beside him.Looking over, Kuai Liang watches as rainbows of light waver across Hanzo’s face, bathing him in bursts of saturated colors as the fireworks explode above them in all their thunderous glory. Soon, seeing the sparkles of light reflect in Hanzo’s dark brown eyes becomes more enticing than seeing the display itself.After a few moments of unashamed staring, Hanzo turns to Kuai Liang, their eyes meeting just as a candle whistles into the sky and explodes into falling streaks of green ribbons.Kuai Liang thinks about the first time he saw this man, drinking in the sight of him and memorizing every small detail of his face — high cheekbones, almond-shaped eyes, pillowy soft lips, the way that one lock of hair rests over his forehead — as if it was simultaneously the first and final time he’d be able to lay eyes upon him.Knowing that he isn’t chasing after a fantasy, that Hanzo is genuinely interested in him, too, all he can think about is how badly he wants to take this man’s face between his hands and kiss him until he goes lightheaded, how easy it would be with their faces already so close together. Were he a brave man...Instead, he opts to reach for Hanzo’s hand without breaking their shared gaze, too afraid to kiss him for the first time in the middle of a crowd like this. Hanzo looks down to their hands, his expression unchanging. Kuai Liang doesn’t dare move, anxiety thrumming through his bones.The moment spent waiting to see if Hanzo will reciprocate the embrace feels like an eternity, Kuai Liang gulping and wondering when his mouth got so dry.Gingerly, Hanzo adjusts Kuai Liang’s grip to thread their fingers together, the digits slotting together almost perfectly.The squeeze Hanzo gives his hand is accompanied by a relieved sigh escaping Kuai Liang’s nose, letting go of the breath he was holding and welcoming the fluttering feeling in his stomach as Hanzo looks back up at him with a faint but intoxicating smile.Gods, he thinks, drowning under Hanzo’s stare.Turning his head back, Kuai Liang watches the display blooming over them once more, soaking in the feeling of Hanzo’s hand finally grasping his own after so long.As the show reaches its peak — Jax arranging an entire ring of people to ignite roman candles all at once — and the sky above the Cage-Blade residence is filled with crossettes, spirals, and webs of explosive light, Kuai Liang feels Hanzo lean into his side and marvels at how he got here.



Chapter End Notes
Remember when I said that the last chapter was going to be the longest and also that updates were going to be faster? lmao uhAnyway, super sorry for how long this update took! The past few weeks have been really hectic for me, with my father's birthday, Mother's Day, and getting my wisdom teeth removed happening back-to-back and severely slowing down my writing. Now that I'm already a week into recovery, work will have a much more consistent schedule, and my birthday will quickly come and go (May 31st), so I should be back to a much better pace!Because I wanted to get this chapter up as soon as possible, it's very likely that there are errors that I missed! If you notice any, please send them through my curiouscat or my tumblr inbox. As always, thank you so much for reading. ♡


KENSHI
Chapter Summary
It’s Sunday. Johnny insists that Kuai Liang joins him for a trip to the beach.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Before even opening his eyes, Kuai Liang decides that he would rather lose a couple thousand dollars in profit at the parlor than leave his bed, his head throbbing so ferociously it feels like his skull is on the verge of shattering.Taking in a deep breath, his hazy mind fails to recognize the scent of the bedsheets, and within a few moments, he realizes that he isn’t even in his own apartment.Kuai Liang rolls onto his back and immediately regrets it, trying to steady his swimming brain as the mattress spins beneath him. Gradually, the events of last night return to him, hazy memories coming in and out of tossing a beer bottle into a trashcan as the music flared back up again, Johnny sloppily pouring him shots of aged tequila, Tomas clumsily holding onto him as they clamor through the front door, and Sonya throwing him over her shoulders like a sack of potatoes after he had inevitably lost the ability to stand on his own.Ah, yes. That’s right.He got really drunk last night.Opening his eyes, he’s thankful that the curtains in this guest room are so dense that the only sunlight to peer through is between the shades themselves. It’s enough to illuminate most of the space, one stream of light in particular casting a honey-colored glow upon a framed photo of Sonya, Johnny, and a Cassie no older than two years. As he lies there trying to find his bearings, he can’t help but note how considerably small the room is in comparison to the rest of the residence. It’s a wonder just how many rooms are stuffed into this massive house.With a sigh, he attempts to lift his head off the pillow, but is met with throbbing pain once more. Groaning, he knows that — were he to just get out of this bed — he could begin to remedy the headache with some water and a light breakfast, but the challenge is getting himself to move at all.Then, something beside him shifts, and he feels his entire body go rigid.Slowly, he turns his head to the side and finds himself staring at a blurry Hanzo, their faces so close that the tips of their noses brush one another. Even this close, he can see Hanzo’s hair let loose, the jet black locks framing his face and cascading over his neck.Instantly, Kuai Liang’s entire body grows hot, mind scrambling to remember what else happened the night prior, how he and Hanzo ended up in the same bed, and what had they done once they got here.He’s certainly... entertained intimacy with Hanzo before — usually in daydreams when business at the parlor is slow, though he wouldn’t dare admit to thinking about it during work hours — but he knows firmly that the first time would be something he’d want to recall clearly and fully, not in mere glimpses that have been sullied by alcohol.But as he comes further to, he notices that he’s fully dressed, and leaning his shoulders back to focus his vision over Hanzo’s sleeping form yields a similar finding. The bedsheets beneath them is largely undisturbed, both sleeping atop the duvet rather than beneath it.Hanzo shifts once again, some stray hair falling over his face. There’s a noticeable crimp along the crown of his head where the hair had been tied up, likely having been styled while still wet.Though he should be relieved that there’s no indication that the two of them rushed into things at a time where at least one of them wouldn’t remember it well, Kuai Liang cannot calm his rapidly-beating heart nor shake the anxiety thrumming through his bones as he lies beside Hanzo in bed.It reminds him of the first time he kissed his high school boyfriend, of the terror that comes along with doing something new and unexplored, worsened when you’re with someone you admire. He's fantasized about this arrangement before, but rather than be exhilarated, he's filled with fear. He has no idea what Hanzo feels about this entire matter, and he'd sooner place his hand atop a hot stove burner than wake the man and ask.Still, Kuai Liang doesn't leave, terrified yet transfixed. Carefully, so as to not rattle his skull nor rouse Hanzo from sleep, he shifts onto his side, bringing an arm under the pillow to keep his head propped up. Silently, he watches Hanzo rest, memorizing the softness of his relaxed features and unconsciously comparing them to those of last night, bathed in an orchestra of lights as they shared an unbroken gaze.He listens to the faint sound of Hanzo's snoring, observing the way the man's torso rises and falls with each full breath. Within a few moments he’s matching his own breathing to Hanzo's rhythm, if only to steady the sprinter's pace of his heart, as he mindlessly counts the light freckles scattered across his tan skin. He’s never noticed those before. Huh.The longer he lets the sun rise further, the more he yearns to reach out and tuck Hanzo’s hair behind his ear, to lean forward and press their foreheads together, to wrap an arm around him and bring their bodies close. It would feel so natural, like an inevitability that they’d end up in one another embrace during slumber.But the uncertainty of how or why they got here after a seemingly eventful night of celebratory drinking is enough to refrain, scared that Hanzo will awaken and decide that it was all a mistake.He’s never claimed to be a brave man.Mindfully and as quietly as possible, Kuai Liang rolls out of bed, stumbling a bit on the carpet as the room starts spinning again. Hangover-induced headache notwithstanding, he makes his way out of the guest room and searches for a nearby bathroom along the spacious hallway, the walls lined with artwork, family photos, and promotional shots from some of Johnny’s more acclaimed Hollywood productions.As he searches — coming across a few rooms with their doors shut that he decides will stay that way, Kuai Liang being wary of barging in on a space he shouldn’t be — he hears a familiar laugh filter through from the end of the hall, a pair of double doors opened halfway to a bright, sun-filled room. He follows the sound — his footsteps light so as to not disturb anyone else who may be sleeping — and peers into the entrance.Inside he finds Sonya and Johnny sorting through laundry, the former folding clothes into a massive dresser while the latter sorts through both the wardrobe and hamper to throw a variety of clothing items onto the bed in a pile, a pair of tote bags resting beside the growing mass. They both still wear their night clothes, Sonya in a pair of matching, summer pajamas and Johnny wearing boxer briefs and an old t-shirt.Kuai Liang’s eyes catch sight of a clock on the nightstand, a round, white orb with a flat face that glows yellow around the base. He’s certain he’s seen these devices before, their LED screens designed to fill the room with light as the sun would, in case the curtains were closed or the user in question worked the graveyard shift. Reading the digital text splashed across its face, he reads 6:17 AM.Even with a hangover, he manages to wake up at the tail-end of sunrise. Old habits die hard, he supposes.Knocking on the door frame with a few gentle raps, Kuai Liang announces his presence to the early-bird couple. They turn in his direction and greet him kindly, Johnny looking the opposite of the worse for wear, appearing nothing short of youthful and chipper. Sonya’s just as awake as her husband, but is less sporadic in her folding than Johnny is with... whatever it is he’s doing.“How ya feelin’, Li?” Johnny asks, clearly hopped up on caffeine, his energy belied only by the heavy bags under his eyes. He looks like he feels about as well as Kuai Liang does, which is to say not very good at all.Apparently his facial expression appears quite grim, Sonya frowning at him as she opens another draw full of neatly-folded towels. “You look like hell, Liang. Did you just wake up?”Kuai Liang smiles as pleasantly as he can — a difficult task with his head pounding as hard as it is — and nods. Stepping into the room fully, he glances around briefly before finding an armchair facing the tall windows and decides to take claim on it. Lowering himself onto the seat gingerly, Kuai Liang asks, “What happened last night?”Johnny shrugs, his mouth twisting into an exaggerated frown, brows shooting up his forehead and his gaze returning to the pile atop the bedspread. “Honestly, man, I don’t remember anything after pouring your fifth shot.”Five? He drank at least five shots in addition to the several beers he had right after the fireworks display? He’s a large man, he realizes, but that’s still a lot of alcohol for someone like him to ingest. Kuai Liang doesn’t think he’s drank like that since he still lived in Beijing, during one of the few parties he was invited to during high school. He doesn’t remember that night very well either.Still, he isn’t sure if he believes Johnny. “Did I really drink five shots?”“You had eight,” Sonya replies bluntly.“Eight?!” Kuai Liang exclaims, shouting without realizing it.“Johnny poured you eight shots in a little more than an hour,” she clarifies, grabbing a stack of two towels with one hand. “Your friend — Tomas, I think he said his name was — got drunk, too, but was sober enough to call a cab. Somehow, the two of you dragged each other to the front when it got here, but you ended up staying.”Sonya slips the towels into one of the totes and taps the back of her hand on Johnny’s arm, mumbling something about sunscreen. Johnny goes “oh!” before jogging to the master bathroom, making a noticeable ruckus as he digs through what Kuai Liang believes is a cabinet by the sink.Sonya continues, skimming through the variety of bathing suits in the same drawer beside the towels. “Jax also challenged Johnny to a drinking contest, which they haven’t done since we left college, and I watched Master Hasashi drown enough margaritas to knock himself out cold in one of the guest rooms.”There’s a beat in her words as she begins searching more aggressively inside the drawer, and within that pause his sluggish brain connects Sonya’s mentioning Hanzo ending up in a guest room and his hazy memory of being thrown over her shoulder after what was apparently his eighth tequila shot of the night.She put him in the same bed.He feels heat rise in his face yet again, though for a different reason. The part of his heart that tends to be woefully unforgiving wants to be angry with her for putting him in such an embarrassing and horrifying situation, that flush of heat spreading across his skin in agitation.Perhaps his hangover is worse than he thought. It is rare event to get him so flustered while sober.“Of course, I was the only one who could watch over the kids during the whole mess since Kenshi went to bed early, and I ended up having to babysit all the adults by the end of it.”The words she chooses are bitter, but her tone is light and unassuming. That wave of anger plaguing Kuai Liang’s senses disappears as soon as it came, quickly replaced with guilt for adding to her responsibilities as a caregiver. Regardless of the ambiguous nature of her statement or her knowledge of his own feelings regarding the guest room assignment, he is compelled to apologize and does just so.She may have been no better than her husband — teasing him about his infatuation with Hanzo during some of the most inopportune and humiliating times — but finds that he deserves it for giving into the temptation of alcohol with the same recklessness as a freshman in university.She waves his apology away, finally pulling out a swimsuit made of shimmering mint fabric, cut in such a way that leaves the stomach bare to the sun. He may not be the most suitable judge, but he thinks it’s quite an elegant piece of swimwear, the top tied together in the middle with a taut knot and the bottom seemingly designed to accentuate the hipline with exaggerated holes for the legs.Wait, why is she packing swimwear?Before he can ask, Sonya continues speaking with a notable air of amusement. “You and Johnny also had a very, very loud discussion about your sexualities.”Kuai Liang feels his skin run cold. He doesn’t recall, and the thought terrifies him.From the bathroom, Johnny’s muffled voice shouts, “Hey, I think I actually remember that!”Sonya makes a sound halfway between a snort and a scoff as she stuffs the swimsuit into the same tote. She finally glances over at him and her grin splits into an almost demented-looking smile, crooked and bemused. “I made sure it stayed innocuous. You didn’t say anything R-rated in front of the kids,” she laughs.Truthfully, he was more worried about announcing the kinds of things he’d want to do to Hanzo to... anyone, really. Hanzo, friends, strangers, and children — they’re all people he’d dread to hear something so unseemly and explicit come from his mouth.Moderately relieved, Kuai Liang leans sideways in his seat, placing an elbow on the armrest. Johnny comes bouncing out from the bathroom, a can of aerosol sunscreen in one hand and a bottle of aloe vera gel in the other. “Yeah, I’m ninety-nine percent sure we just talked about how you couldn’t believe I was straight,” he says, tossing the containers in the other, smaller bag.Okay, that part he actually remembers.“Can you blame him? You’ll flirt with anyone old enough to drink,” Sonya remarks, returning to the hamper to sort through freshly-washed clothes.Johnny, meanwhile, digs through the same bottom drawer as Sonya had, searching for what Kuai Liang assumes is a bathing suit for himself. “What can I say? I have a natural charisma that makes anyone want to sleep with me.”Kuai Liang can confirm that he does not, in fact, want to have sex with Johnny Cage.Sonya scoffs again and smacks him in the arm. Johnny chortles and continues, “Could you imagine if I was bi, though? The absolute pandemonium!”“Yeah, your flirting would go into overdrive,” Sonya says, sandwiching a stack of trousers between her hands and placing them inside another drawer.“Anyway, Li,” Johnny says, pulling out both a pair of swim trunks and a pair of swim briefs from the innards of the wardrobe. “Did you bring a swimsuit? We’re heading out in about an hour.”Lost, Kuai Liang stumbles on his response. “Um...” he begins, looking between the couple as he searches his mind for a morsel of information about whatever Johnny has in store. His efforts come up empty. “I have not an idea of what you are speaking of.”Johnny squints. “Did I not... oh, god, I totally forgot,” he says, bringing a hand to his forehead with a frustrated sigh. “I’m sorry, man. We’re going to the beach as like, part three of Cassie’s birthday weekend.”
Oh.
“Oh,” Kuai Liang says.While that same warmth of being included — the one that also serves to remind him of how lonely his life is — that he felt yesterday fills his chest, he also becomes disappointed knowing that he cannot take any more hours off work than he already has. Cutting Saturday evening short certainly took a stark hit out of his earnings for the week, and while business may be slower than a snail’s pace on Sunday morning, he can’t risk any further losses.He tells Johnny this, though not in so many words, and declines the invitation to accompany them, as pleasant as the idea sounds.Without saying another word, Johnny strides across the room towards a discarded pile of clothes. Out of his jeans’ pocket he pulls a thin book encased in fine leather, engraved with “Johnny” in golden lettering. It looks more expensive than the bicycle Kuai Liang still has yet to buy.Johnny opens the book and slips off the pen clasped to the front cover, then quickly scribbling something before looking up at Kuai Liang and asking, “How much do you make on a Sunday?”
Huh?
“Huh?” Kuai Liang says.He isn’t very eloquent this morning.He blames the hangover.A few feet away, Sonya admonishes Johnny for using bribery to get his way. He ignores her as he waits for a response to his question, ultimately earning nothing as Kuai Liang stares at him dumbly.Shrugging, Johnny scribbles more inside the notebook before ripping out the sheet and promptly handing it to Kuai Liang as if he were a clerk — like Frost at the parlor — giving a customer a receipt as they have done thousands of times before.When Kuai Liang doesn’t reach out to take it, Johnny urges forward while nudging the slip towards Kuai Liang’s hands, brows risen in an expression of impatient confusion. Even then, Kuai Liang doesn’t move, too bewildered by Johnny’s insistence that he takes his money to accept the check Johnny flings around like a cat toy.Rolling his eyes, Johnny grabs one of Kuai Liang’s hands and shoves the paper slip into his palm. “Dude, take it. You deserve a vacation, anyway,” Johnny says, exasperated. He tosses his checkbook onto his discarded jeans, the pen bouncing off and rolling along the floor as he goes back to choosing swimwear.“Um,” Kuai Liang mutters, arduously raising his hand in front of him to read the surprisingly graceful script written on it’s face. For a brief moment, he’s gratified to see his name spelled correctly — so often misspelled when romanized — before that feeling is washed away with heart-stopping shock.The check is for ten thousand dollars.It’s bizarre, unreal. It feels like a gag gift.He reads it over an innumerable amount of times, counting the zeroes over and over, double-checking Johnny’s spelling to find the error. No matter how much he analyzes the self-assured handwriting, however, it clearly reads a total of ten thousand United States dollars to one Kuai Liang from the famous Johnny Cage himself.Kuai Liang can’t remember the last time he made ten thousand dollars in one weekend, let alone on a Sunday, one of the least profitable days of the week for his humble, locally-owned ice cream parlor.Sonya peers over at Kuai Liang, waiting for some kind of reaction aside from his frozen stature. After another long moment, she sighs. “I think you broke him, Johnny,” she says, using her chin and chest to aid in folding a thin sweater. “People aren’t used to the money you make. Hell, we’ve been married for six years and I’m still not used to the money you make.”“Eh, he’ll get over it,” Johnny replies, waving a hand in the air as he tosses the briefs into a tote. Over his shoulder, he tells Kuai Liang, “You should tell that kid that the shop’s closed today.”“Oh... right.”Absentmindedly, Kuai Liang pulls out his phone from his pocket and unlocks it with a swipe accomplished almost entirely though muscle memory. Going into his contacts list, he realizes he has so rarely need to speak to Frost outside of work; the most recent message is her confirming that she wasn’t coming in on a Thursday around the tail-end of May, her schedule too hectic to work due to finals season. Apart from that, all other communications have been few and far between, and phone calls are nigh nonexistent.Hovering his thumb over the call button, Kuai Liang winces. Considering their previous conversations, he ought to be consistent and notify her through text message, but considering the circumstances and having never closed the shop like this before, a phone call feels more appropriate. He realizes, though, that it’s still quite early in the morning, and Frost — being a high schooler on summer vacation — likely isn’t awake yet.He just hopes she doesn’t get angry with him for this.He taps call and brings the device to his ear, listening to the line ring and feeling slightly out of body as he waits.After a few moments, the ringing ceases and is followed by a elongated moment of silence before the bleary, mumbled voice of Frost breaks through the pause and asks, “What?”Stumbling, he discloses to her that the shop will not be operating that morning — possibly not for the remainder of the day, depending on how the events of the day unfold — so she will not have to worry about coming in that day.She asks if something “bad” happened, her sleep-laced tone unchanged, to which he assures her that things are fine.“Cool,” she says, and then immediately hangs up.Well, that was much less painful than he anticipated.“Alright,” Kuai Liang sighs, locking his phone and tucking it back into his jeans. “I suppose I am free today.”Just as Johnny pauses in aiding Sonya with laundry by pumping his fist in the air, footsteps landing on the wooden floor echo into the bedroom and stop at the door. The guest knocks on the door frame just as Kuai Liang had done before. When he turns around to see who it us, he meets eyes with a barely awake Hanzo, his hair still loose and cascading towards his shoulders.The sight launches Kuai Liang back into alert, his addled brain running the thought of I want to kiss him so badly it aches on an endless loop.Hanzo appears decidedly like death with how dark the circles under his eyes are, the lines on his face heavy and pronounced as he grimaces. Kuai Liang assumes he has a similarly painful headache, but the eager and early-to-rise Takeda hopping in place behind him in excitement is likely not doing his migraine any favors.When Johnny greets him good morning with more volume than necessary — really, how does this man have so much energy after last night? — Hanzo merely grunts at him, then turning to Takeda and muttering something about finding Cassie. Takeda scurries off with his quick little feet, and Hanzo rubs his forehead and huffs from what might be momentary relief from the child’s boisterous enthusiasm.As miserable as Hanzo looks and sounds, Kuai Liang still thinks he looks incredibly handsome, especially with his hair let down.Why doesn’t he do that more often?“Good morning,” Kuai Liang says, leaning back in his chair so as to not stiffen up his neck while looking at Hanzo. If he’s gonna stare at the man — as his mind is wont to do — then he may as well be comfortable while doing it.Hanzo drops his hand from wringing the aches in his head and nods gently at Kuai Liang, a weary but pleasant grin appearing on his face for a few moments as he replies, “Morning.”Neither of them trade any further words, yet both allow their gazes to linger a little longer than perhaps necessary. Kuai Liang feels fortunate that only Johnny and Sonya are present to witness this, were the two to halt in their housework and see. Instead, he just hears the subtle, hushed sound of fabric being folded upon itself and stashed away.Hanzo is the first to break eye contact to ask Sonya about when they plan to leave, as well how many vehicles they will be taking. Still staring, Kuai Liang observes the way Hanzo’s head slightly bounces as he talks, the way his lips form around the syllables in a more sluggish way than normal, the way the neck of his t-shirt droops downward to reveal the curve of his collarbone.He is also the first one to notice Kenshi’s light-footed approach, whose announcement of his arrival via swiftly dragging a single finger down the length of Hanzo’s spine is met with fierce verbal objection from the latter. Kenshi simply cackles as Takeda sprints past the two of them with Cassie — still donning her tutu from the day before — right on his heels.Kuai Liang decides the sudden burst of noise only a few feet away from where he is seated has done the opposite of calming his throbbing headache.The children chase one another in circles in the impressively-sized master bedroom a couple times before Sonya speaks up, her voice growing increasingly bitter. “Are we done gathering in my bedroom? Can’t all of you start getting ready?”Her head must not be fond of the shouting, either.Listening to the cue, Kuai Liang opts to leave her and and the ever-boisterous Johnny be, and follows after the children as they race back into the hall. He can’t remember when he last gave himself a break. A day at the beach may be just what he needs.  Raising a head above his head, Kuai Liang is merely reminded of how much he prefers an overcast sky as he shields his eyes from the blazing sun above. It’s still morning, but the sand beneath his feet has already absorbed much of the early sun’s heat, the high temperature radiating through his cheap slide sandals.In the midst of putting on his swimming jammers — a purchase made last minute at a nearby sportswear shop — he heard his phone ping with a notification. Repositioning his borrowed tote along his arm and lamenting his forgetfulness in buying a pair of sunglasses, he digs around in the meager bag for his cell phone, the device likely buried underneath his discarded jeans.Finding it, Kuai Liang pulls it out and turns on the screen, only to find that he cannot see it at all under the bright shining sun. He searches for nearby shade and comes across a canopy around the corner, attached to the shower quarters and facing the shore.Relieved to be out of the heat and able to read the screen, he swipes down and opens a new, unread text message from Tomas. Earlier — during the drive here, wanting to prevent himself from staring at Hanzo through the rearview mirror as much as possible — he had told his dear friend how regretful he feels that he could not join them, though it is hardly his own fault.Tomas’ most recent reply, however, merely serves to double down on the teasing, the message reading, “One less person to keep you from flirting with Hanzo! ;P 233333”.Kuai Liang groans almost instinctively.Recalling the sudden realization he had in the car — Hanzo, chest and arms bare, wearing swim trunks and only swim trunks — sends him into a blushing frenzy, his internal temperature rising above the ambient heat of the early morning sun.Unable to even begin to think of a response, Kuai Liang tosses his phone back into the tote and rubs his face, admonishing himself silently for acting like a virginal teenager yet again.“Holy shit, Li!”Kuai Liang nearly jumps out of his own skin, letting out a startled shout and nearly dropping his bag on the ground. Turning to his left, he is met by a visibly astonished Johnny, arms reaching out and knees bent with his mouth agape. He can’t read the other man’s eyes hidden behind his designer sunglasses, but the brows risen high on his forehead gives Kuai Liang enough of an idea.He’s also wearing the most revealing pair of swim briefs he’s ever seen on a man outside of adult magazines. One wrong move and he’ll slip out of them, Kuai Liang fears.A strange silence settles over the two of them as Johnny stares in wonder at Kuai Liang, the latter lost as to what is happening here. Attempting to calm himself from the brief burst of adrenaline with a few deep breaths, he waits for Johnny to elaborate on... whatever he is yelling about, but gets nothing after a few moments.“What is it, Johnny?”“Dude!” Johnny cries, emphasizing his excitement with a wider spread of his arms and a deeper squat of his legs, looking about ready to launch into the stratosphere. He springs back into a upright posture with a jump and moves forward a few steps. “I had no idea you were so swole! I thought you were just big. Who’s your trainer?”
What?
“My... trainer?” Kuai Liang says. His voice sounds small, even to himself; he can’t imagine how modest it sounds to Johnny.
What does “swole” mean?
“Wait, did you bulk up like this on your own?” Johnny, without missing a beat, reaches a hand out and gropes Kuai Liang’s bicep, giving the muscles a couple hearty squeezes. He quietly gasps in awe as he does so, enraptured by the muscle tone of Kuai Liang’s arm like he’s found the most entertaining stress ball of his storied life.Secretly flattered, but simultaneously overwhelmed by the attention and annoyed at its sudden appearance, Kuai Liang attempts to free himself without much of a plan of how to do so. Awkwardly, he brings up his free arm and splays his hand over Johnny’s face, covering the man’s mouth with the heel of his palm and pushing Johnny away slowly.Kuai Liang grimaces. “You are embarrassing.”“I get that a lot,” Johnny replies, voice muffled.Johnny lets go of Kuai Liang’s arm and pulls away, releasing his face from the massive hand holding it hostage. In the distance, over by the shore being encroached by a aftershocks of a large wave, Cassie calls for her father, holding up an inflated swim float fashioned after a pink-frosted donut. Giving her a quick wave, Johnny excuses himself, but not before leaning over to get a look at Kuai Liang’s rear.Sonya was right. Johnny doesn’t know how not to attempt seducing any adult he’s known for longer than two minutes.Watching him as he heads towards Cassie with the toothiest grin, Kuai Liang lets out a sigh. The prospect of a day at the beach was attractive enough to skip going to work — something he has never done in the fifteen-odd years he’s had the store — but now that he’s finally here, he doesn’t know what to do with himself.Looking across a sea of unfamiliar faces for one he recognizes and, preferably, a spot of shade from the blazing sun, Kuai Liang wavers in place underneath the fabric canopy. He would seek out Hanzo to spend time with him, if only were he able to find the man and also not turn into a blushing mess at the sight of his bare skin once he did.He also worries that continually seeking his company may become suffocating. The last thing he wants is for Hanzo to find him annoying, as absurd as the concern may be.Years of romantic solitude does frustrating things to the mind.Resuming his search, his eyes eventually guide him to Kenshi, sitting atop a fluttering blanket underneath a massive, blue parasol, its base buried deep beneath the sand. His beach base is quite a few meters away from the shore, but it certainly appears to be close enough for a more than enjoyable seat to listen to the ocean waves hit the sands.“Perfect,” he mutters in Mandarin, taking long strides toward Hanzo’s solitary housemate, nearly falling into a jog in an attempt to get out of the sun as quickly as possible. A voice in the back of his brain complains, longing for the ambient chill of the dipping cabinets at Dragon’s Ice. It may not be the most reliable alternative to air conditioning, but it’s certainly better than baking under the first sunlight.Tomas would probably say he was overreacting, to which Kuai Liang would beg to differ wholeheartedly, sweat dripping down his forehead all the while.Slowing in his steps as he approaches closer, Kuai Liang announces his presence with a clear yet humble voice, greeting the man before he steps into the radius of the umbrella’s shadow. He tries his best to not appear suddenly to him, wanting to avoid frightening Kenshi as Johnny had done to himself just a few moments before. Knowing how often Kenshi scares other people half to death with his light feet, however, makes Kuai Liang think that maybe Kenshi deserves to get his own scare every once in a while.Perhaps he will wait to see if he ever becomes victim to one of Kenshi’s notorious frights before taking his own opportunity to startle him purely for the sake of it.Kenshi hardly reacts to the sound of Kuai Liang’s voice, his head tilted back and his eyes shut, sunglasses presumably tucked away in the case resting beside him. After a few seconds, Kenshi takes in a deep breath in the midst of what Kuai Liang assumes is meditation — his facial features relaxed with contentment, hands resting atop his thighs as he sits on his feet — before letting the air out in a singular, smooth exhale.“Hello, Liang,” he greets easily, turning his head slightly in the other’s direction. “This is a surprise.”“Is it?” Kuai Liang asks, stepping onto the geometrically-patterned blanket and into the shade. He silently sighs in relief at the sensation of cool and humid air, untarnished from the searing heat overhead.“Yes,” Kenshi replies, settling into a more casual pose, his legs stretched out in front of him. “I assumed you would seek Hanzo’s company rather than mine.”Kuai Liang frowns. Kenshi isn’t wrong, but when he says it aloud, his desire to spend time with Hanzo sounds selfish.Truthfully, he would like to get to know Kenshi better, to gather a more comprehensive image of the man outside of the small pieces of information he’s gotten through his chats with Hanzo, only occasionally hearing his voice in the background through the other side of the phone.He tells Kenshi as such. “I regret not speaking with you much yesterday,” Kuai Liang adds, setting his tote beside Kenshi’s bag and sitting down next to him, crossing his legs. “Admittedly, I do not recall much from the evening after the fireworks.”The comment elicits a chuckle from Kenshi. “I overheard you and Johnny at one point,” he says with a smile, his eyes still closed. He leans back, flattening his palms on the ground behind him. “He’s flirted with me a few times, jokingly, mostly to get a reaction out of Sonya. She hardly cares; she knows I would never.”Kuai Liang scratches at the hairs on the back of his neck. A common experience, it seems.“I couldn’t tell you much after that point,” Kenshi goes on. “I went to bed not long after I saw Jax crush a beer can flat against his forehead. Johnny’s enthusiasm can be infectious.”“I have noticed.”Kenshi laughs again, his head turned enough in Kuai Liang’s direction beside him for his smile clear to see. He wonders if Kenshi is always this carefree, unbothered by the little things and so easily amiable to complete strangers. With how reserved Hanzo is, Kuai Liang can see why the pair fit so well together, not only as friends but as housemates as well.It reminds him of Tomas and himself in a way. Had they worked in closer proximity to one another, he and Tomas most likely would’ve started cohabitating several years ago.It’s rare to find people whose personalities meld together so evenly. Those types of relationships, Kuai Liang thinks, should be treasured dearly.“Did you have fun?” Kenshi asks after a brief lull in the conversation.“Oh. Yes, I did.” While he can’t remember much of it, he has no semblance of discomfort or regret from the events of the night prior, though waking in the same bed as Hanzo certainly came out of left field this morning. He hopes that Hanzo, if he is aware, has no qualms about it.Kenshi hums pleasantly. “Good. I have yet to meet a friend of Johnny’s who doesn’t enjoy themselves at the Fourth of July party.”Another pause fills the space between them, Kuai Liang feeling like he’s been trapped inside a humble forest cabin snowed in by a massive avalanche, unable to worm his way out of the front door. The laughter of nearby children, the barks of fetching dogs, and the chatter of sunbathing adults does little to ease the tension he feels.Does he wish to give Kenshi the best possible impression he can, knowing how close he is to Hanzo? To gain the approval of the father whose son Hanzo is helping raise? It’s the only explanation that makes sense to his anxious mind, but he isn’t entirely sure why he’s so jittery so suddenly.Fretting with his hands, Kuai Liang attempts to sustain the small talk. “Did... you have fun?”He’s bad at this.Kenshi, however, appears not to have noticed or simply doesn’t mind Kuai Liang’s awkwardness. “I did. Thank you for asking.” He lets his head fall back once more, stretching out the muscles in his neck as he asks, “Do you see Hanzo nearby? I can’t hear him at all.”Gazing over the crowds scattered across the beach, Kuai Liang tries his best to find the person in question, searching for those familiar cheekbones or the pitch black hair done up in a plain bun. With the sheer amount of noise surrounding them — the recreational area already burgeoning with people this early in the morning — Kuai Liang isn’t surprised Kenshi can’t find Hanzo’s voice amongst the large variety of strangers.The brightness of the sun isn’t helping him much either, his own sight not the best at eagle-eyed searches. He has his scarred eye to thank for that. “I am sure he is close,” Kuai Liang starts, squinting out over the clusters of people lined along the shore. “Unfortunately, I do not have the greatest vision.”“Oh?” Kenshi asks, visibly intrigued.A smile spreads on Kuai Liang’s face involuntarily. He'd be lying if he said he hadn't been wanting to talk about this exact subject with Kenshi in particular. “I am partially blind in one eye. It is very sensitive to light, and the sun is considerably bright this morning.”Kenshi returns to a proper sitting position, bringing a knee toward his chest to turn his body, twisting at the waist and facing in Kuai Liang’s direction. “Hanzo never mentioned this.”“I do not believe he is aware, actually,” Kuai Liang replies, still scanning over the sun-kissed faces passing by Kenshi’s humble, handmade oasis. “Some correctly assume from the scar that my right eye has also suffered damage, but because most people see me during the daytime, the discoloration can be mistaken as a simple reflection. It is not very large, after all.”The evening prior, when he and Hanzo shared a long look with one another under the light of the fireworks display, Hanzo was certainly close enough to have been able to see the corneal scar. With the night as dark as it was, perhaps Hanzo had finally noticed the ghostly line cutting through his iris. Considering that his facial expression hardly changed until they had intertwined their hands — Gods, that smile — however, he doubts Hanzo had paid it any mind.How relieving it would be, he thinks, to have in his life a significant individual — other than Tomas — be unbothered by the large scar along his face. He spent most of his childhood and adolescence feeling ostracized because of it, and adults aren't necessarily kinder about it."He hadn't mentioned your scar either," Kenshi says, his brow just slightly furrowed. "Neither did Takeda or Johnny."Huh. "That is surprising. It is quite noticeable."Kenshi reaches out a hand. "May I?Surprised by the request but not averse to it, Kuai Liang hums in approval and lightly grasps Kenshi's palm. Closing his right eye and guiding Kenshi's fingers to the top of his forehead, he thinks about how often other people would wince at the sight of the dark scar tissue. For some reason, he had little reason to expect such a reaction from Kenshi.With his middle and forefinger, Kenshi slowly drags his fingertips over Kuai Liang's scar, tracing the length of it carefully with Kuai Liang's assistance. As intimate as the entire situation is, it also feels strangely normal as he watches from one eye Kenshi's face shift from mild concentration to quiet fascination.Almost as soon as it began, Kenshi pulls his hand away, Kuai Liang promptly releasing his hold as well."An impressive scar," Kenshi replies. "Thank you for indulging me. What little sight I have left wouldn't have showed me much of anything."Kuai Liang inquires what exact kind of blindness Kenshi has, adding that he only wishes for Kenshi to answer if he’s comfortable, to which Kenshi simply answers, “Glaucoma.”Understanding but unsure of anything substantive to say, Kuai Liang merely replies, “I see,” searching yet again for a familiar head of jet black hair among the parasols and bath towels coating the landscape.He takes one glance to the left-hand side of the shore and almost immediately lands on the sight of Sonya floating in the glimmering ocean with Cassie clinging to her back, the pair spinning in circles and giggling all the while. Only a few feet behind them does he find Hanzo easing Takeda into the quivering waters, holding both of the boy’s hands as they take small steps into the shallow waves together.As endearing as the scene is, Kuai Liang’s mind instead focuses on the muscles of Hanzo’s bare arms and back flex as he lifts Takeda briefly from the water before lowering him back down, Kuai Liang’s eyes trailing their gaze down the man’s spine and becoming downright mesmerized at the pair of square leg shorts accentuating the lower half of his body.Almost numbly, Kuai Liang tells Kenshi that he finally found Hanzo, noting that Takeda is with him, safe and sound. Kenshi mentions something about Hanzo and how responsible he is, but Kuai Liang doesn’t register the words as he talks, distracted at how Hanzo’s calves grow taut as he squats into the water.He shouldn’t ogle the man so shamelessly — especially whilst in the middle of speaking with Kenshi — but it’s so difficult to resist the magnetic pull Hanzo has on him, always taking his attention away to bask in the sheer magnitude of his essence.Hanzo has the draw of the sun, and Kuai Liang is but a mere asteroid caught in his orbit.“Liang?”With the slightest start at the sudden call of his name, Kuai Liang turns back to Kenshi and immediately becomes flushed with guilt. He apologizes, stating that his mind drifted away for only a few moments.A sly, perhaps even devilish smirk spreads on Kenshi’s lips. Even without having seen it, he knows.The sensation of shame is quickly washed away by overwhelming embarrassment. He lets out an audible groan, covering his eyes with his hand. Is he really so transparent?“I apologize,” Kenshi says with a hearty chuckle, leaning forward again and throwing his arm over his knee as a makeshift rest. The cheeky grin on his face fades to one more subdued, sitting silently for a few moments before asking, “You really like him, don’t you?”His gaze returns to Hanzo, his body almost fully submerged in the salty waters as he holds Takeda’s chest above the surface, an unmistakably joyful grin beaming on the boy’s face. From this angle, he can see Hanzo smiling, too.“I do,” Kuai Liang replies after a while, bringing his knees to his breast. He leans forward and folds his arms over his knees, feeling strangely small quite suddenly. “Very much so.”Another pause fills the air around them, but the tension that was once there has gone. Looking back at him, Kuai Liang sees Kenshi deep in thought, the smirk replaced with gently pursed lips, the corners just barely upturned. He waits.Soon after, Kenshi breaks the silence. “Did he tell you my wife died?”A pang strikes his sternum. The way Kenshi says it so casually, Kuai Liang wonders how much of that easy-going personality is genuine and how much is a defense mechanism. He shakes his head. “No. Hanzo told me of his own loss, but made certain not to reveal yours out of respect.”Kenshi’s brow softens and his chest expands as he takes in a deep breath. “That sounds like Hanzo,” he says, his voice exuding an earnest warmth. “He is a very private and honorable man. It is important to him that he maintains the dignity of those he cares for, though he tends to be suspicious of strangers. He doesn’t make friends easily because of that.”Kenshi turns his head directly in Kuai Liang’s direction. The placidity of his facial expression belies the intensity of the conversation, Kuai Liang feeling remarkably naked under the eyes-closed stare of Hanzo’s most trusted friend. “His taking a liking to you so quickly and so strongly says something about the quality of your character, Liang. You seem like a very good person.”He’s never been complimented like that before. “Thank you,” he replies lamely. “That is... very kind of you.”“You are welcome,” Kenshi says, giving a quick smile. The grin becomes strained, however, as he ducks his head down and turns slightly away. “I am telling you this because I feel that you are someone I can trust, and I wish to ask a favor of you.”“A favor?” A strange request. He doesn’t know what to expect from this.Kenshi’s serene expression falters. “I am sure you’re already aware of how close my son is with Hanzo,” he says, facing the waters, a knot forming between his brows. He almost looks pained.Kuai Liang sets his chin to rest atop his arms, staring a hole into the thin blanket under his feet. Takeda has begun to see me more as his father than he does Kenshi, Hanzo’s voice echoes in his ears. I worry that my mere presence in the family will be what tears it apart. He remembers well.“Often, I am away from home for a long time, and leaving Takeda is always hard. He resents me for it, I know.” Kenshi sighs again. He sounds... defeated. “I’ve been assigned to aid in training at our facilities overseas again. I’m leaving in late September and I am not scheduled to return until well into the new year. Takeda doesn’t know yet.”Kuai Liang lifts his head, returning his gaze to Kenshi’s family on the shore. Hanzo raises Takeda out of the water and into the air, holding the boy around his waist as they share a burst of laughter. The ocean around them glimmers with sparkling sunlight, the surface splashing with the movement.“The pressure I must put on Hanzo when I am gone... It fills me with guilt, placing all the responsibility on him alone. That is why I wanted to ask if you would support him while I am gone. It would mean a lot to me if you did.”Neither Kenshi nor Kuai Liang move. Kuai Liang instead keeps his eyes locked on Hanzo and Takeda, his stomach twisting as he watches the two of them play as if there weren’t a single worry in the world.“I do not expect you to help him take care of Takeda, I just... want to be certain he has someone he can depend on while I’m away.”A lump forms in Kuai Liang’s throat, and he doesn’t look at Kenshi, doesn't say anything for a while as he thinks.Then, firmly and decisively, Kuai Liang speaks. “I promise.”



Chapter End Notes
Hello everyone! I've made an update post on my tumblr that you can read here that would feel clunky if I wrote here in the end notes. It'd mean a lot to me if you gave it a quick read. ♡As always, thank you so much for reading! ♡


HANZO
Chapter Summary
It’s Wednesday, over a week later. Kuai Liang and Hanzo go out for dinner.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Kuai Liang tugs at the collar of his dress shirt, unable to shake the giddy nerves permeating throughout his body as he waits outside. He’s thankful that the summer air is considerably cool tonight, keeping him from holing up inside his apartment and obsessively checking his appearance in the mirror — again.It’s been ages since he last wore a suit, the last time being only a few years after he migrated — invited by Raiden to a potluck at the community center, to which he never actually saw the man in question while he was there — and never having a reason to wear it since.He was a little disappointed to discover that it doesn’t fit as well as it once did, the sleeves too loose around his arms and the waist of the trousers too tight. This can likely be best attributed to a combination of aging and not having lifted weights as regularly in recent months, and he can’t help but feel a little disappointed in himself for shirking on his workout routine. He’d rather not have to purchase another suit if dates with Hanzo are going to become a regular thing.The entire concept of a “date” feels foreign, an almost unnatural syllable as it echoes in his head. Having never been on a formal date like this before — suit and all — comes with a multitude of mixed feelings, condensing into a ball of anxiety in the pit of his stomach.How pitiful is he for being nearly forty and still not having married? It’s a self-deprecating thought that seems to be always sitting at the back of his mind, rising to the surface to remind him when he's left alone for just a bit too long. The more he thinks about it, allows it to infect his brain like a ravenous virus, the more worried he becomes, wondering if he’s missed a major milestone in his life that he will never reach.The hopeful, optimistic piece of him that hasn't become completely jaded by time and solitude thinks that Hanzo might be the person to change that for him, but the tired, embittered part that has merely laughs at the thought.Sighing, Kuai Liang rubs at the inner corners of his eyes, willing his thoughts to halt their tumultuous ascent in angst better suited for a much younger version of himself, where the prospects of the future are unknown and constantly changing. At an older age, it’s easier to succumb to apathy, especially when one’s life hasn’t changed in almost two decades.At least, that’s what his mind to trying to convince of him.Around the corner, two bright lights illuminate the road, piercing through the darkness of his street like a hot knife to butter. The lamps littered around the apartment complex do provide some light, but the few that line his building are either dimmed or entirely burnt out. He opted to stand underneath the brightest one, just so Hanzo could be sure he had made the correct turn, the neighborhood not too unlike a maze.The lights twist to the side and the nearby lamp reveals them to belong to a dark-colored sedan, the vehicle pulling up and stopping right in front of him. The passenger side window rolls down and unveils Hanzo, arm still reaching up to the roof lamp switch above him.Kuai Liang feels even more self-conscious than he was just a moment ago, his heart skipping a beat over just how obscenely handsome Hanzo looks tonight.He can't help but feel he pales in comparison, his suit loose and tight in all the wrong places. His hair probably looks a mess, too, the nighttime wind having blown it out of place since he stepped off the stairs ten minutes before.“Hello,” he greets meekly, his mouth dry, pulling at the handle and swinging the door open. Hanzo's black trousers strain around his shapely legs as he lounges comfortably in the driver's seat.Kuai Liang wonders if his collar suddenly shrunk in the breeze because breathing has turned into a challenge. Thank the gods he forwent the tie.“Good evening,” Hanzo says, tucking a lock of hair behind his ear, having let it down to hang over his shoulders. Now that he has seemingly styled it that way on purpose, the crimp that had been there before is noticeably absent, the dark tresses flowing freely and naturally.Kuai Liang climbs in, settling into the seat and closing the door beside him in one easy motion. It shuts with a pleasing thud, to which his ears are met with a cozy silence, the hum of the cars engine enveloping them with a comforting purr. Judging by the low volume of the engine and the quality of the leather upholstery, Hanzo has taken very well care of an already luxurious vehicle.Kuai Liang feels only mildly jealous, though it isn’t as if he doesn’t have the funds to buy his own, thanks to Johnny. He is, however, reticent to using that money for anything other than business-related reasons, as he would rather conceptualize it as a donation to the parlor as opposed to a gift — perhaps better described as a bribe — for his individual benefit.Though, he should probably invest in a bicycle at the very least. That’s been sitting on his to-buy list for many, many years.Kuai Liang secures himself with the seat belt and Hanzo then shifts to drive after turning the roof light off, the ride so smooth that it feels like the car is almost drifting along the curving streets as they head for the exit. The hush is soon filled with quiet guitar strings as Hanzo turns the stereo on, keeping the volume low. Not a word leaves his mouth, however, and he rests the same hand on the gear shift as they exit the neighborhood.The small space of the car remains at near silence for some time, Kuai Liang absentmindedly tugging at a loose thread on his suit jacket as they wait at an intersection, the click of the turn signal matching rhythm with the song filtering through the speakers for only a single measure. A shame, he thinks briefly, at how rare that happens for longer than one bar.A terrible subject for small talk.The only small talk he’s good at is when he’s behind a dipping cabinet and wearing an apron with an pastel ice cream pattern. With Hanzo, though, he should be just fine — if not just a little apprehensive, always wanting to leave a good impression.For all the conversations they’ve shared over the phone, for how much and easily they spoke while celebrating at the Cage-Blade residence, they both appear to be at a loss for what to discuss.Maybe Hanzo is as nervous as he is.The thought is comforting, at least.Itching to say literally anything, Kuai Liang blurts out, “You look very handsome.”Hanzo, chewing at the side of his bottom lip, tries to hide his smile. “Thank you. As do you.”“Your hair looks very beautiful when you let it down,” Kuai Liang says, feeling large and gangly in his hardly-worn suit. “But I understand why you keep it up, especially with your profession,” he finishes, mentally kicking himself for backpedaling on the flattery. Why is it so hard to compliment the man and look directly at him at the same time?The dark of the night hides Hanzo’s face from view as they turn out of the complex and onto an adjacent street, but Kuai Liang thinks that his date may be blushing again, much like he had on the playground swings a month ago. He doesn’t mean to embarrass him, but part of him gets a small thrill out of it anyway, feeling a sense of pride that Hanzo likes him enough to get flustered in such a way.It’s enough to give him a small burst of confidence, and he turns in Hanzo’s direction as much as he can with the seat belt holding him in place. “That shirt is very becoming of you, as well. I have never seen one lined inside with such a vibrant yellow before.”Hanzo chuckles, pushing his hair out of his face again, a smile upon his lips that can only be seen in glimpses, the golden light fluttering through the car windows as they drive past streetlamp after streetlamp. His profile is stunning. “It was a gift from many years ago. I only wear it on special occasions,” Hanzo replies, keeping his eyes on the road.He then gives Kuai Liang a glance that lasts for a bit too long to be safe for driving, but neither of them comment on it before he continues, “You clean up well yourself. Though, I would say you always dress quite nice.” While his voice is a bit quiet, Kuai Liang hears the words clearly and nearly goes red in the face because of them.All he can manage in response is a genuine “Thank you,” a stupidly wide grin splitting his face as he leans back into his seat. It’s the first time Hanzo has complimented him directly — praise for his ice cream notwithstanding — and he’s about over the moon over it.He’d kiss him if the timing were right, were they pulled over, were he a much braver man.Sometimes he wonders when he became so risk averse, or if he has been this way since he was a child. In truth, he really can’t remember.Still, he wishes to feel Hanzo’s warm skin on his own, in any way Hanzo would allow. He would take the granted opportunity in a heartbeat.A silence falls over them once more, but rather than awkward and fumbling, Kuai Liang considers it comfortable and even welcoming to be under its hushed weight. Are first dates always this clumsy, each party trying to figure out the other’s boundaries before it finally stops being so stiff?Kuai Liang takes in a deep breath — his nose filled with the scent of lavender air freshener and leather oil — unable to relax the muscles in his face as he smiles from ear to ear. His poise is still like that of a fumbling, introverted teenager asking their crush out to prom, and Hanzo is only reinforcing that.He really is completely out of his element, but there is nowhere he’d rather be than here.Taking the jump that his heart is screaming for him to go for, Kuai Liang reaches out and lays his hand atop Hanzo’s resting on the gear shift, gingerly curling his fingertips under Hanzo’s palm and gripping it softly.Hanzo glances over at him for just a moment before grasping his hand properly, adjusting their hold on one another from the shift to rest their arms over the padded console, a much more comfortable spot. Hanzo gives him a squeeze, his hand soft, warm, and perhaps a bit sweaty.Kuai Liang returns it by rubbing the pad of his thumb over Hanzo’s knuckles the rest of the drive there. 
 The first thing Kuai Liang notices when they enter the restaurant is how peaceful it is — lowly lit lamps glowing above the tables, twinkling piano chords echoing past the dividing walls, the scent of freshly fried fish infusing with the surrounding air — and when he looks around as they approach the host podium, he finds the establishment largely vacant.It is after the dinner rush on a Wednesday evening, after all. Most people are likely tucking their children into bed, brushing their teeth and washing their faces over a running sink, taking the dog out for one last chance to relieve itself before retiring for the night.In his case, he’s usually just now leaving the parlor, running the final closing tasks — transferring the cash from the register to the safe, ensuring the security cameras are operating and recording properly, turning off the lights, turning the deadbolt of the back door — before locking the front entrance and heading home for dinner with an ice cold beer.They are greeted warmly by the host as the person in uniform returns to their post from the other side of the building, inquiring for the party size as they reach for menus beneath the podium’s top. Hanzo confirms the number and the host leads them to their table, a booth tucked in the corner near the bar, and waits for them to sit down before placing the thin booklets on the table. The settle down across from one another, Kuai Liang unbuttoning his jacket as he sits.The host bids them farewell with the name of their server — “Kira” — and a promise of glasses of water to get them started. Kuai Liang takes a menu in hand and skims over the listings, surprised not to see the wide selection but rather the sheer diversity of it, the restaurant boasting a veritable collection of cuisine from around the world.Such a variety, in fact, that Kuai Liang’s eyes go out of focus while reading it. The curse of becoming paralyzed by the burden of choice.“Do you have an idea of what you would like?” Hanzo asks, resting his elbows atop the open menu before him, having not read its contents since he placed it there.“Not at all,” Kuai Liang laughs, blinking his sight back into focus and looking up at Hanzo, who leans forward in his seat, hair slipping off his back and swinging past his shoulders. It looks almost auburn under the glow of the honey-toned lamplight. “Have you been here before?”Hanzo smiles. “Plenty,” he answers plainly, peering down at his own menu. A beat passes and Hanzo becomes sheepish, slouching and bringing a hand to the back of his neck. “I tend to get the same dish every time, so perhaps I am not the best for recommendations.”Cute. “That is alright,” Kuai Liang says, mesmerized still by how nicely Hanzo's face is framed by the flowing, voluminous locks atop his head. He hopes he can run his fingers through them someday. “What is your typical meal?”“The za’atar salmon, paired with tomatoes and broccoli,” he says, dragging a finger down the list for a few lines, searching for a specific entry. “It comes with potatoes, as well, but I normally order without.”“You do not like potatoes?”“I love them,” Hanzo replies with a chuckle, “but I try my best not to overindulge in carbs.”Kuai Liang can’t quite say the same for himself. Perhaps that’s another cause to be added to his ever-growing list of possible reasons why his suit feels so weird tonight.Noodles and bread are just too good.“Well,” Kuai Liang starts, looking at the listing once more. “What does Kenshi get?”Seemingly surprised by the question, Hanzo perks up, his brows high on his forehead and eyes round and wide. Was he wrong to assume he had been here with Kenshi?Maybe it’s the implication that he had been on a date with Kenshi?Oh, he feels like a right fool quite suddenly. He hopes that isn’t how it was interpreted.“Kenshi? I think...” Hanzo reads once more, leaning backward as he scans the bottom of the carte. “I believe he enjoys the pan noodles the most. Nostalgic, most likely.”He says it so simply, looking back up at Kuai Liang with focused though gentle eyes. “Unlike me, he does not order the same dish every time, but from what I can recall, the pan noodles are his favorite. Kenshi is anything but a picky eater, but his palette is considerably refined.”Kuai Liang breathes a silent sigh of relief, fortunate that he was only overthinking. Hanzo has a penchant for doing that to him, it seems, working his brain into overtime for the smallest things.The past few weeks of his life have been very much like being under a spell, though he is certainly not one to complain. It’s been so many years since he became genuinely, unapologetically infatuated with someone, let alone to have that person reciprocate even just a small percentage of that attraction. Having Hanzo around and spending time with him — be it on the phone or in person, like this — is nothing short of pure fun, even if it turns him into a nervous wreck more often than not.How could he not be nervous, when Hanzo is so kindly-spoken, intelligent, and painfully handsome?Kuai Liang closes the menu, flipping it onto its back and being met with the array of alcoholic beverages available: beer, wine, soju, sake, hard liquor shots, and a multitude of cocktails, both of the classic and exclusive varieties. His vision swims at all the options, each beverage accompanied by a description written in text so small it is nigh unreadable.“Would you like wine?” Hanzo’s voice pierces through the white noise thrumming in his ears. Why doesn’t this restaurant invest in more pages instead of cramming all this information on just one?The waiter approaches their table and sets down two sweating glasses of water on their respective coasters. Standing up straight, she tucks a lock of bright red hair behind her ear, the strands having fallen into her face as she placed their drinks down.“That sounds lovely, yes,” Kuai Liang says quietly in response to Hanzo’s question, flipping the menu back over to plain burgundy front, the thin leather embossed with the restaurant’s name in golden lettering. He’s thankful Hanzo made the decision for him, especially as he has no idea what alcohol would pair well with both salmon and pan noodles. It is rare he drinks anything other than cheap beer he picked up from the market, with some occasional baijiu on the weekends after a particularly rough batch of shifts.“Hello, my name’s Kira. I’ll be your server tonight,” the red-haired woman says quickly and flatly, pulling out her notepad. Her two ponytails bounce at the back of her head with the motion. “What can I get you two started with?” Her tone is bored but practiced, though she’s cordial enough that Kuai Liang isn’t really bothered by it. A year of working with Frost has certainly acclimated him to such attitudes.Considering both the day of the week and time of day, she is probably very ready to go home for the night.Kuai Liang and Hanzo order their respective dishes, their diligence in what they would like the chef to prepare earning them an almost relieved smile from their attendant, the terse lines in her brows and mouth smoothing on her face. Scribbling on the notepad, she inquires what they would like to drink.Hanzo requests a bottle of pinot noir, clearly trying to pronounce the French wine properly — giving too much emphasis on the ‘r’ sound, rolling it on his tongue — yet not quite landing it as he speaks. Kuai Liang finds it horribly endearing.With a final scrawl, Kira promises a quick delivery of the aforementioned wine before returning her pen to her apron’s pockets. She hurries off, ripping off the top slip as she disappears behind the bar and into the kitchen. Some shouting filters from the noisy kitchen, but Kuai Liang can’t really make any sense of it.Besides, he has Hanzo sitting right in front of him. Why would he pay mind to anything else?Kuai Liang, mouth still feeling horribly dry, takes his glass in hand and sips at the cold water, ice cubes mutely jingling inside as he tilts it back slightly. It hits his teeth with a vicious chill, but he loves it. It’s rare that he drinks water without ice.With the refreshing drink energizing him just enough, Kuai Liang returns the glass to the coaster before cheekily saying, “The last time we had alcohol, I was unable to remember much of the night.”He is awarded with an amused grin from Hanzo, the teeth peeking from behind his lips pearly and slightly misaligned. “I do not believe I have been that inebriated since I was still living in Japan,” he laughs, leaning back and resting against the cushioned booth. “Though, I wandered off to bed quite early. I cannot hold my liquor as well as I used to.”Kuai Liang can relate. However, he doesn’t mention the joint birthday and Independence Day celebrations simply to rue their aging metabolisms. Shifting forward, he leans his torso against the table’s edge and forces himself to look Hanzo directly in the eye. “There is something I want to tell you, as I do not know if you are already aware.”Reaching for his own glass, Hanzo brings the cup to his mouth as he asks, “What is it?”Kuai Liang fidgets with his hands under the table. “We slept in the same bed that night,” he says. “You had not awoken before I left the room, so I did not think you knew.”Hanzo pauses in the middle of his sip, stock still for a beat before swallowing the wine down. “Oh,” he manages to say a few seconds later, placing his cup back down and bringing his hands to his lap. He’s pursing his lips again, tucking and turning his head slightly away in an abrupt moment of bashfulness. “I was not aware.”A small rush fills his stomach. “Embarrassing you is not my intention,” Kuai Liang starts, tilting his head to try and catch Hanzo’s gaze once more, “but I was being truthful when I said your hair down looks stunning.”Hanzo’s lets out a small laugh, a smile nearly splitting his face in two as he meets Kuai Liang’s eyes, still turned away as if facing him directly is too much. Kuai Liang grins in return, squeezing one of his fingers so tightly the skin darkens to a deep currant red. “You were almost as handsome that morning, hangover and all, as you are now.”“Pinot noir,” Kira announces as she arrives to the table, carrying an opened bottle and a pair of crystal-clear wine glasses, saving a flushed-looking Hanzo from having to respond to Kuai Liang’s blatant attempts at seduction. The paper-thin stemware clink together soundly as Kira places them on the table, sliding each glass in front of the pair before pouring their first serving of deep red wine. They both thank her quietly as she does so.“Is there anything else I can get for you two?” she asks, setting the small bottle on the table as well.“No, that will be all. Thank you,” Hanzo replies, the skin of his cheeks painted a faint rose, giving her a polite smile. She nods, leaving for another table, check holder in hand.Having proverbially broken the ice, Kuai Liang picks up his glass and takes a sip, the rich wine settling on his tongue with a drying, astringent quality. He’s never had it before, but he just might buy himself a bottle when he has the disposable income to do so. Perhaps in a few weeks.“How was your day?” he asks, placing his wine glass onto the table with a muted clink.Hanzo reaches for his wine as well, holding it by the cupping the bottom, the stem threaded between his middle and index fingers. “It was unremarkable,” Hanzo replies, taking a quick sip. “My students did well, but otherwise it was an ordinary day. How was yours?”“About the same,” Kuai Liang says, bumping the toe of his foot on Hanzo’s accidentally. He pauses, and then does it on purpose, to which Hanzo smirks and does it, too. “I hope I do not smell too much like sugar and old dairy. It has a tendency to linger.”“You smell pleasant,” Hanzo affirms, the words falling off his tongue as easily as he breathes, pressing his foot atop Kuai Liang’s loafer. “Like lavender and pine.”Kuai Liang wiggles his foot out from underneath Hanzo’s determined press. “I am flattered.”Playing war with the toes of their shoes, Hanzo asks what plans Kuai Liang has for the rest of the week, expressing his curiosity for what the other man does for fun. Kuai Liang chuckles, cheating with the use of his other foot and pinning Hanzo’s pointed Oxford between both of his own Monkstraps.Everything falls into place so naturally, the two of them sipping wine and playing a game of footsie that seemingly never ends. They chat about the mundanity of work, about cooking recipes and tricks to making perfect rice in the pressure cooker, about Kuai Liang’s noisy neighbors that insist on blasting music until well into the night, about the stray cat that keeps visiting Hanzo’s home after work, about the gaggle of preteens who have declared Dragon’s Ice their go-to hangout this summer.They continue like this for some time, conversing casually and quietly in their own little corner of the restaurant. The arrival of their Mediterranean salmon and Japanese noodles interrupts them for only a brief moment before they begin again, Kira refilling their empty glasses and and taking the drained bottle with her when she leaves.Eating dinner hardly slows the conversation, both of them sharing equal enthusiasm while they listen as they do when they speak, Kuai Liang periodically forgetting that it isn’t just him, Hanzo, and this single booth existing in this space. How effortless it is for him to spend time with Hanzo — regardless of the location or circumstances — and simply forget about the world around him, of the people and the noises he’s surrounded by.How effortlessly does his entire vision shrink down to Hanzo — just him and only him. 
 The car eases up beside Kuai Liang’s apartment building, the nighttime air breezing through the cracked windows with a hushed, whistling whisper. Shuddering to a stop, the engine shuts off and the car lurches forward only an inch as Hanzo takes his foot off the break.Looking over at him, Kuai Liang squeezes Hanzo’s hand before letting go, his chest aching faintly at the loss of contact, as momentary as it may be. Hanzo lets his fingers drag along Kuai Liang’s palm as they part, waiting until they have separated absolutely to pull the keys from the ignition.Both doors close with a soundly thud, cutting through the calm air and echoing down the open street.Kuai Liang waits for Hanzo as he circles around the front of the vehicle, reaching out and capturing his hand in his own once again. They fall into step easily, practically leaning against one another as they climb up the wooden stairway. The sparse lighting does little to illuminate the stairs, and so they take their time, ascending the stairs slowly so as not to trip over their edges.Only a moment after reaching the second floor does the wind pick up, coming in from the east and thrusting Hanzo’s hair toward Kuai Liang. The stark locks hit him in the face as they fly in the breeze and he laughs uncontrollably, sputtering as he tries to pull out the strands that have managed to entangle themselves with Kuai Liang’s beard.Hanzo quietly apologizes, repeating the word “sorry” more than a couple times while pulling his hair away and bringing it over his opposite shoulder with his spare hand. Kuai Liang simply chuckles more, unsure if he’s drunk off the wine or from Hanzo’s body heat as he leans heavier into his date.Date. That word still fills his core with a warm, enveloping pleasure.The floorboards creak miserably under their weight as they walk in sync with one another, the strained sound merely adding to the chorus of background noise — scattered vehicles whirring down the nearby roads, singing crickets hiding amongst the shrubbery, bass-heavy music rumbling out of a neighbor’s apartment — creating the night’s soundtrack.The most intimate sound, however, is certainly the soothing rhythm of Hanzo’s breathing drifting into his left ear, a faint but unmistakably present rasp between every painful squeak of old wood along rusting nails.Even during their calls, he couldn’t hear the man’s exhalations so deeply, no matter how loud his phone’s speaker was over his ear. Being able to hear it so clearly — despite the constant buzz of the rest of the universe reverberating against his eardrums — is hyperreal.No matter how slowly they walk, however, it is inevitable that they reach the fourth floor and subsequently Kuai Liang’s apartment door. They stop in front, but do not part, their fingers still intertwined with one another as they stand in silence for a few peaceful, hesitant moments.Kuai Liang wants so desperately to invite Hanzo in for the night — if only to make all this last just a little bit longer — but knows too well that it is simply not feasible. Their relationship isn’t ready for that yet, still being so new and so novel, and Hanzo’s romantic history having him reticent to leap into the fray as much as he deeply wishes to. The promise he made to Kenshi rings in his mind like a bell. The easiest way to ruin this is too move too fast, and he would much rather wait a lifetime than for Hanzo to panic and leave his life entirely.Not to mention that they both have responsibilities early the next morning. It is already past Kuai Liang’s bedtime, but he’d sleep three hours that night if he meant he could spend twenty more minutes with Hanzo, easily.Hanzo wavers on his feet, seemingly unsure of what to say or how to say it. Kuai Liang turns to face him properly, being the first one to break the still silence. “Thank you for inviting me out tonight, as well as for being so kind as to pick me up,” he says quietly, staring at the thick eyelashes curtaining Hanzo’s cheekbones as the man keeps his eyes averted to the ground.Kuai Liang relishes the firm and affectionate squeeze Hanzo gives his hand and is all too happy to let Hanzo take his other hand when he silently requests it. Hanzo’s eyes quickly flick up to meet Kuai Liang’s gaze before returning them to their shoes, absentmindedly caressing the bumps of Kuai Liang’s knuckles with his thumbs. “I was glad to. Tonight was delightful,” he replies, voice low and gentle.Drifting his gaze down to Hanzo’s mouth, Kuai Liang thinks of the end of their meal, recalling the chocolate cake they ordered for desert and the way Hanzo’s lips wrapped around the fork as Kuai Liang fed him his first bite. Kuai Liang’s entire body grew hot as Hanzo looked him directly in the eyes, and hotter still when Hanzo pulled away and licked the smear of ganache off his lips.Taking a small step forward — anything to be just an inch closer before they must say goodbye for the night — Kuai Liang whispers, “Hanzo.”“Yes?” he asks, finally making proper eye contact, hair caught once again in the wind’s mild currents and blown away from his face.His heart beats so fast he may as well be running a marathon. “May I kiss you?”Hanzo visibly gulps. “Please.”Untangling their hands from another, Kuai Liang then brings his own to cradle Hanzo’s head, pushing past the curtain of his straight hair, resting the pads of his fingers on his nape, and holding his thumbs over the curve of his jaw. He strokes the side of his thumb over Hanzo’s beard and marvels at how soft it is.As soon as Kuai Liang leans forward, Hanzo lets his eyelids fall shut, tilting his head to the side ever so slightly. Kuai Liang does the same. One of Hanzo’s hands finds a home on Kuai Liang’s hip, the other sneaking under his blazer to rest on the small of his back. Their lips come together so gingerly that something behind the soft dip of Kuai Liang’s sternum aches at the tenderness of it all.His mind nearly goes blank as he tastes the remnants of light-bodied red wine and rich, saccharine chocolate cake on Hanzo’s mouth, and all that filters through his brain is how supple those lips are against his own. He pulls away only a moment to breathe before diving forward again, not caring how much Hanzo’s nose digs into his cheekbone when he does.It’s almost sickening how much it reminds him of all those tacky and clichéd romantic comedies he’s invariably seen the ends of while spending time with Tomas, of the penultimate scenes where the central couple share the perfect kiss as a sweeping orchestra or dramatic rock ballad swells in the background.And though they do not have a soundtrack to accompany them, Kuai Liang does have the sound of Hanzo chuckling after he swipes his tongue along Hanzo’s bottom lip, and that may as well be the only music he wants to hear til the end of his days.But eventually — no matter how painfully he wishes it wouldn’t — their embrace must come to an end, and he decides to be the first to pull back. Otherwise, he isn’t sure how long he’d stay there. Forever, if Hanzo would have him for that long.His face coming into focus, Kuai Liang wonders just how someone as handsome as Hanzo would give him the time of day. Hanzo’s eyes look darker than they did only a moment ago, his pupils large and his lids relaxed. The sight of his lips — moistened and tinted an enticing shade of pink — however, is enough to drive Kuai Liang mad, to want to land his own on them once again until they were both gasping for air.He opts not to, bringing his hands down from Hanzo’s neck to rest on the slopes of his shoulders. They’re taut, he notes silently, even underneath the dark cotton shirt.“Well,” Kuai Liang starts, sounding if only a bit winded. His cheeks hurt from how intensely he’s smiling, but he wouldn’t have it any other way. He can’t remember the last time he was this unabashedly happy. “Until tomorrow?”Hanzo smiles, bringing both hands up and cupping Kuai Liang’s waist. “Until tomorrow.”They step back simultaneously, pulling their hands away. Mourning the loss, Kuai Liang digs in his front pocket for his keys, bidding Hanzo farewell. Hanzo waves kindly, albeit a bit awkwardly, before turning away for the stairs.While Kuai Liang searches for the keyhole in the dark, he bites his lip, a laugh attempting to escape his lungs. Once he does, the key slips in smoothly, and as he steps inside the dim hallway, he feels like he’s floating, high on the fact that he finally got to kiss Hanzo Hasashi.



Chapter End Notes
WE FINALLY MADE IT TO THE KISS, LADS. The burn has been slow enough, but we made it!I'm very pleased I was able to get this chapter finished and out as quickly as I did, considering I'm currently working full-time hours and will be for the rest of the summer. Regardless, I hope you all enjoyed it. As always, thank you so much for reading! ♡


TOMAS
Chapter Summary
It’s three weeks later; a Tuesday. Tomas and Kuai Liang play catch-up.



More than halfway through, Kuai Liang still has no idea what is happening in the movie Tomas has set to play on television, and he isn’t sure if it’s because the film’s script is so chaotic he is unable to make sense of it or if the young beagle clamoring to get a bite of his curry is proving too distracting.He tells her to shush, giving her a few pats atop her head before gently pushing her front paws off his knee. A second later, she stands right back up, his leg the post that keeps her up on her hind legs.And despite just how many films he’s watched with Tomas — the vast majority being Johnny Cage films, all of varying levels of quality — he really struggles to remember most of them after the fact. Perhaps his brain is too saturated with dessert recipes, business expenses, and management procedures to convert the plot of Aquatic Assault or Tommy Scissorfists into long-term memory.It doesn’t help, however, that Tomas usually spends the entire viewing of the film talking, quoting the script along with the actors with nearly identical intonation, praising the fluidity of the fight sequences, the melodrama of the conflict between the hero and the villain, gleefully relaying his favorite pieces of trivia about the production with a mouth full of food. He appreciates Tomas’ enthusiasm, even if he doesn’t exactly understand it.Regardless, he can’t really blame the dog for his own inability to attend to or retain the events of such mindless action movies. Still, he mentally kicks himself that it took Johnny to say his name outright for Kuai Liang to recognize the man from the countless titles he’s seen him in. Admitting such to Tomas continues to fill him with a childish shame.“Oh, wait, this is the scene!” Tomas interrupts his own rant about a production controversy, voice muffled by the bites of naan and shahi paneer crowded inside his mouth. “This is where he breaks his arm!”Kuai Liang returns his attention to the large screen and witnesses the lead actor’s forearm bend unnaturally towards his elbow after swinging his fist, having accidentally making contact with a nearby lamppost. Simultaneously, Kuai Liang and Thomas groan at the seventy degree angle the bone contorts into, audibly grimacing in sympathetic pain. They both have seen and had their fair share of broken bones — training in martial arts for years having been less than kind to their bodies on numerous occasions — but it isn't any less pleasant to watch.Absentmindedly, he wonders if Hanzo has ever broken a bone. He adds it to one of his many mental lists, filing it under “miscellaneous questions to ask Hanzo” and securing it in the back of his head.“Every time!” Tomas exclaims, bringing in his feet from the coffee table to the couch, sitting cross-legged. His food sits lopsided in his lap. “I feel it every time.”Kuai Liang takes another forkful of curry-soaked rice and decides he is done, feeling both full by the portions and irked by the blurry sight of broken bone. “I cannot imagine that made subsequent filming easy,” he remarks, folding the polystyrene foam container closed and setting it on the cluttered coffee table.It is strange sitting with Tomas in the house’s actual living room, the space usually occupied by one of Tomas’ roommates whenever Kuai Liang makes a visit. With two of his housemates out of town — Sheeva and Li Mei, respecifically — and Tomas tasked with dog-sitting while his third housemate — Darrius — works an overnight shift, they are not obliged to cramming inside Tomas’ meager-sized bedroom.Stuffing themselves in Tomas’ bedroom is usually not an issue, but with the summer heat intruding into the plain home and spicy takeout filling his stomach, he’s thankful he has a few more cubic feet to breathe and cool off. The standing fan tucked in the corner of the room helps, too.“Oh, it became a nightmare,” Tomas says, scooping up red sauce and rice with a torn chunk of flatbread. He pops it into his mouth and chews while he speaks, trying to keep it all behind his lips. “The remaining third of the script and all subsequent fight scenes had to be choreographed to accommodate his injury. His stunt double certainly made a profit, though.”Kuai Liang huffs out an amused laugh. “I would certainly hope so." Fascinating that the filmmakers would opt to write the incident into the film, he thinks. It's an obvious but expensive solution for an otherwise production-breaking accident. He'd ask Tomas what the film's final budget was, but he isn't sure he wants his dearest friend to give him a full rundown of the numbers, including marketing figures and the final international gross income.Would it really have made much? At the moment, he can't recall the film's title, but he has no memory of its release over ten years ago. Granted, he tends to live under a metaphorical rock, work appropriating the majority of his time. It wouldn't be surprising to him it this was a summer blockbuster that turned over a considerable profit by the end of its theatrical release. Likewise, it could've been a box office failure and he would be none the wiser.Any time Tomas brings up a film he’s seen, he doesn’t bother to ask if Kuai Liang has seen it, having decided that the chances he hasn’t are already quite high. Discussing movies with Tomas is similarly pointless for gauging its cultural relevance or popularity. Talking to Johnny about the film they are watching right now may prove helpful, but then he thinks that a Hollywood star would be the opposite of productive in answering his questions.He could talk to Hanzo about it. That would probably be a closer analogue to his own experiences, Hanzo being comparatively busy and as detached from popular cinema as Kuai Liang is.Hanzo, Hanzo, Hanzo. That’s about all he can think about lately. It’s been so nice being able to talk to him on the phone regularly again that it is almost inevitable that he comes to mind around bedtime. He itches to check his phone, just to see if Hanzo sent him a message“Liang? Are you listening to me?”“Huh?” Kuai Liang says, blinking rapidly as he turns his head towards his friend.Tomas, meanwhile, looks at him with an arched brow and a strained smile, the expression revealing the wrinkles of age gradually appearing around his eyes and mouth. “Okay, you were not,” he says, returning to watch the lead character wrestle with a man almost twice his size while he has only one functioning arm. “Were you thinking about your boy toy again?”Kuai Liang’s face becomes awashed with heat, though he doesn’t even attempt to hide the flush blooming under his skin. “I apologize.” He had already been confronted with his one-track mind earlier that evening, having — for lack of a better word — gushed about his second date with Hanzo from a week and a half ago for quite some time. It was about all he could talk about as Tomas drove them to the Indian restaurant.The second date hadn’t been as formal or categorically romantic as their first outing together, the two of them having spontaneously agreed that Saturday night to meet after work at a local diner. So impromptu, in fact, that Kuai Liang had arrived still in his work clothes, his blue shirt sleeve having previously been soaked with shaved ice syrup and stained a muddy purple as a result. Admittedly, he felt the slightest self-consciousness because of it, but once Hanzo caught sight of it and snorted right after, Kuai Liang decided he wouldn’t throw out the shirt like he’d initially wanted to.The night was brief but spent richly, the two of them getting lost in conversation so quickly, beginning with standard discussion of work and morphing into childhood experiences in school, the idiosyncrasies of American life as opposed to East Asia, and what they would like to pursue were they to earn their college degrees, among other things.Kuai Liang had gotten so caught up talking about his interest in culinary school and wanting to study anthropology that his half-eaten plate of fried eggs and hashbrowns had grown cold. Meanwhile, the mug of tea Hanzo had ordered was left to steep for so long that the liquid brewed into a burnt orange color, the man too preoccupied explaining the difference between Japanese and American commuting systems, and inquiring what morning transit is like in Beijing to remove the teabag.Neither of them complained, though. The stiff potatoes and intense tea flavor was hardly a footnote on an enjoyable night. It was so nice to connect to someone new, a kindred mind whom he was simply destined to meet. It was as if their atoms originated from the same cloud of stardust from the birth of the universe, having followed each other to this point in time to be reunited.He had a dream once — a couple weeks ago, after one of their many late-night calls before bed — where he met a stranger with Hanzo’s face, the man’s little finger tethered to his own by a vibrant, glowing line of red string. It was so vivid that, for only a sliver of a second, he was surprised not to see the crimson loop on Hanzo’s left hand when he saw him last.“Okay, listen,” Tomas starts, grabbing the remote control and pressing the pause button without searching for it. The film stops on a frame of the lead character falling out of the window of a tall building, leather coat caught in the air like a heavy flag flying in the wind. Kuai Liang turns to his friend, unconsciously picking at a piece of dead skin hanging beside one of his fingernails.“You are my dearest friend and I love you,” Tomas says with a strict earnestness, turning in his seat and resting his back against the armrest. The tone reminds him of a parent, patiently telling their child that they haven’t done anything wrong, but that they should think carefully about their actions and how they affect other people. It’s foreign in so many ways. “I am so happy for you, I really am, but it is difficult to spend time with you and not think you are ignoring me in favor of daydreaming about your boy toy.”The tongue-in-cheek epithet leads Kuai Liang to groan involuntarily, burying his face in one of his hands and removing it from his friend’s sight. “Please, do not call him that.”Tomas laughs, the sober tone lifting as if it had weighed nothing. The beagle pants loudly as she balances herself on her hind legs once more, her front paws steadying on the couch space between Tomas and Kuai Liang. Tail wagging curiously, she looks at the former as he says, “Am I wrong, though?”Kuai Liang doesn’t want to dignify that with an answer, so instead he rubs at the inner corners of his eyes with his thumb and forefinger. He doesn’t like how quiet everything is. Even the dog has hushed, sitting obediently by his feet, tail softly swishing back and forth over the hardwood floors.“Alright, seriously, I really am very happy for you,” Tomas says, shifting back to that strange earnestness. “It is nice to see you so in love after so long. I wasn’t certain if you would ever date again after Yuanjun, especially with how much you bury yourself in work. Sometimes, it seems like that is all your life is: work.”The words sting — not because they feel like an insult to his character, but rather that their accuracy is as strong as the sun is bright, too overwhelming for him to face without wavering. Denying that he uses the parlor as a means of ignoring all the accomplishments he has missed or all the ambitions he has had for his simple, quiet life would be fruitless. Tomas knows as well as he does that he would sooner work himself to the bone than admit his own loneliness.Perhaps Tomas knows more, knows better than Kuai Liang does. It wouldn’t surprise him. No one has been in his life longer than his closest friend.It is then he realizes that, in addition to a lack of conversation about sex, they rarely discuss their love lives, and as such Kuai Liang knows next to nothing about Tomas’ romantic endeavors.“I want to spend time with you,” Tomas repeats, “but not if you will be thinking about your boyfriend the entire time.”Kuai Liang nods, his gut twisting pleasantly at the word “boyfriend.” Truthfully, he hadn’t yet conceptualized Hanzo as that, but it’s as accurate of a title he can think of. “I understand. Forgive me.”Tomas playfully smacks Kuai Liang’s arm with the back of his hand. “Hey, you already apologized. Water under the bridge.”Slouching down and resting his head against the back of the sofa, Kuai Liang gives Tomas a beholden grin, nevertheless enduring a sense of culpability for being inconsiderate, accidentally or otherwise. Tomas pats the spot he swung at Kuai Liang with a gentle hand, but does not move to grab the remote and resume the film. Kuai Liang has no idea what Tomas is waiting for, but he takes the bait anyway.“Are you in a relationship?” Kuai Liang asks, crossing his arms. The question is strange on his tongue, but after having said it, he grows ever more curious to know the answer. “That feels like something I should have asked you years ago.”The upturned shape of Tomas’ face transforms into one like that of a sly fox, his eyes squinting with a knowing energy. Tomas hums in affirmation, though to what exactly, Kuai Liang isn’t sure. “I might be seeing someone, perhaps,” Tomas says, sounding as cheeky as Johnny Cage, before taking his forefinger to his own lips. “It is a secret,” he teases.Kuai Liang barks out a laugh at that. “Oh, you are no fun. I tell you everything about my... exploits.”The hesitation on the final word elicits a snort from Tomas. “I hope you don’t! There are certainly some details I could do without.”He doesn’t understand at first, but then the spaces between the lines become clear and he nearly chokes on his own spit. “No! Oh, no. Never. I would never subject you to that. How horrifically embarrassing it would be for me, and how unfair it would be to Hanzo.”His sputtering earns him a full-bellied laugh from Tomas, who steadies his stuffed takeout container as it jostles around in his lap. “Okay, my most benevolent companion,” Tomas starts in the midst of his giggles, voice breathy with delight. “Since he’s all you can think about, what do the two of you have planned next? Surely, you are aching to share with me.”Kuai Liang sighs, humbled by how well Tomas can seemingly read his mind. There is an overwhelming ball of excitement sitting behind the base of his sternum, sparking with electricity about his next date with Hanzo. “We will be having dinner at my apartment this coming Sunday,” he begins, staring up at the speckled ceiling and following misshapen trails hidden among its bumps and grooves. "Enough profit has been made over the past few weeks that I may close the parlor a couple hours early, so that I may be able to prepare a proper meal.”“Ah,” Tomas replies sagely. “So, that is what you are ignoring me for.”In response, Kuai Liang scoffs and blindly smacks on Tomas’ bare arm just as his friend had done to him, not even bothering to look over in his direction. “You act as if I am purposely letting my mind wander.”Unfazed, Tomas asks, “So, what will you be doing after dinner?”“I do not know,” he replies, sighing. “Dating is alien to me and I am at a loss of what else we could do. I have very little in the way of entertainment at home.” Finally pulling his gaze away from the splotchy ceiling, Kuai Liang rolls his head to the side and makes eye contact with Tomas. “Do you have any ideas?”Kuai Liang regrets the question as soon as Tomas’ lips pull into an insufferably smug smirk, one of his brows arching high onto his forehead. The moment Kuai Liang bemoans the lewd insinuation of that smile, Tomas bursts into a fit of laughter once more, clapping his hands a few times to highlight his amusement. “Be quiet,” Kuai Liang murmurs, burying his face in one hand and holding out the other in frustration.Tomas says something about how easy it is to make a man in his middle-age to turn into a flustered schoolchild, to which Kuai Liang fires back with embarrassed indignation, reminding his friend of his wish not to hear about any potential acts with Hanzo that are sexual in nature. The response only manages to tickle Tomas further, his friend merely exclaiming, “It’s so easy to tease you!”Still cackling, Tomas reaches for the remote and presses play. The film resumes with the sound of the lead screaming and landing in a pile of trash, aluminum cans crunching and empty beer bottles clattering with the crash. A frustrated, pained, and vulgar expletive rings out of the dilapidated dumpster, and the first thought to come across Kuai Liang’s mind upon hearing it is me, too.Kuai Liang laments, rolling his head to the opposite side. “Why must you torture me?”“Because I have done so since we were children,” Tomas quips, scooping up more of his dinner with a garlicky chunk of naan. “And whereas our less-than-friendly peers did it out of malice, I do it with love and adoration.”“Uh-huh,” Kuai Liang replies, the drawn-out sound drenched in playful sarcasm. “Whatever you say, Tomas.”Snickering aside, Tomas doesn’t respond to such light-hearted scorn and instead watches the film’s anti-hero frantically ascend several slights of stairs, heavy combat boots thudding upon each step. Even without paying much attention, Kuai Liang notices the beat of the background score aligning with the series of stomps. An interesting decision upon the composer’s part. This film is seemingly full of those. Apart from the confusing plot, the filmmaking can be quite captivating.“That reminds me,” Kuai Liang says, absentmindedly playing with the ends of some slightly overgrown hair beside his right ear. “You know who I thought of while at work yesterday?”“Who?” Tomas asks, just before shoving more bread into his mouth.“Sektor and Cyrax.”Tomas takes his turn to bark a loud cackle into the small room, the laugh muffled due to his mouth being stuffed with paneer. “How could I forget about those two? Always trying to corral their schoolmates into their weird robot game.”“Their insistence on those nicknames worked; I could not tell you what their actual names were to save my life,” Kuai Liang chuckles, rubbing the wrinkles lined across his forehead. Considering he regularly sat in the same classroom as the two boys, it says something of his age that not a single letter of their birth names can be recalled by his cluttered brain. “Though, I believe they had a falling out, did they not?”“Yeah,” Tomas says, chewing as he speaks, “I think that Cyrax kid was coerced into the group, actually. He got in a fight with Sektor at the very end of sixth year because he was so fed up with how he was treated, especially as a foreigner like me.”“I cannot fault him. That Sektor child was menace to me, as well.” Kuai Liang pauses, feeling ridiculous using names that originated in the school playground. He sighs, bringing his left hand to stroke his thumb atop the dog’s head, the pet leaning into the touch eagerly. “I wonder how they are fairing as adults.”“I don’t,” Tomas replies simply.“Is that so?”Tomas confirms with a nod. “There are plenty of people from China I have no interest is seeing again, and our school bullies are certainly among the top of the list.”Kuai Liang can think of one person he’d risk everything to see again, but decides not to say anything. His mourning for his missing brother is something Tomas knows intimately; he was one of the last people to see B-Han vanish, after all.Instead, Kuai Liang makes a grunting noise — one signaling understanding without the use of words — and redirects his attention to the film, which has seemingly entered its climatic scene atop a massive skyscraper. Where is this supposed to take place? New York City? He can’t remember much of anything about this film and they haven’t even made it to the end credits.Alas, Tomas will likely have him watch it again in several months. He’ll make a better effort to pay attention next time. 
 Standing at the base of the stairs, Kuai Liang waves tiredly as Tomas drives away in his silver sedan, disappearing into the shadows of the apartment complex as he rounds the corner. Kuai Liang makes the slow trek up the stairs, his languid body exacerbated by the curry and beer filling his stomach. He yearns to lie down in his bed — certain that he will fall asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow — but must climb four flights of stairs first. That plain fact makes his joints ache.For every time he has made this ascent over the past several weeks — returning home from work, bringing in mail from the community box, running back up to grab his wallet after having forgotten to put it in his pocket — it is the most arduous and time-consuming part of his day, an annoying obstruction taking up his time.Yet, when he held Hanzo’s hand as they walked up the stairway together had gone by so quickly, no matter how leisurely their steps were. Now, every morning and every night he traverses the creaky stairs, he remembers at least one piece of that night, like the feeling of Hanzo’s gentle hand cradling his own, the warmth of his body against his as they walked in sync, the concentration of pure bliss in his chest as held Hanzo’s face in his hands and finally shared a kiss with the man that’s had him under a spell for months.The mundanity of his task does little to hinder the recollection of that night, nor does the frequency of its remembrance muddle the gratification he feels. His only complaint would be that thinking of it so easily and subconsciously has his longing to spend time with Hanzo more, eager for time to pass so that he may message or call the man before getting ready for bed.For as long as it takes for him to reach the fourth and final floor, he inevitably makes it to his front door, his keys jingling delicately in the still air as he sloppily pulls them out of his pocket. It takes him a moment to find the keyhole — searching the deadlock blindly in the dark — the light of the streetlamps blocked by a post supporting the extended roof.As he unlocks the door, the fatigue of the lengthy day falls over his body with the heaviness of a weighted blanket. Part of him wishes he hadn’t accepted Tomas’ invite for their usual takeout-and-a-film night, having to either shave off time sleeping or open the store later than usual to make up the time lost.At any other time of year, he would have no second thoughts about taking an evening to stuff himself with authentic food made by fellow immigrants, nurse an oversized bottle of imported beer from China, and mindlessly watch movies he’s never heard of with his closest friend. However, the month of July is by far the busiest month for Dragon’s Ice, and he is already on the edge of falling behind schedule on the business. It’s vital that he allows himself downtime to recharge and spend time with his loved ones, he knows well, but being the sole proprietor of the parlor also limits how much time he gets for himself every day.It was particularly rough when he first started over a decade ago, working from before sunrise and long after sundown to ensure everything ran smoothly, was prepared before opening, and that he could keep up with pace, all of it completely alone. He wouldn’t trade it for anything, though. As humble as it is, his small ice cream parlor has kept him afloat for so many years, and he wouldn’t have survived in this country if he didn’t put his entire heart and soul into it.Hiring Frost last year was his saving grace, however, and having her in the store — even for only a few hours a week outside of summertime — has helped him insurmountably. Getting a second pair of hands in the store is something he likely should’ve done many, many years ago, but he also can’t imagine having anyone who isn’t Frost standing next to him at the front counter. The timing of it all was perfect.Frost allows him to quit working himself to the bone just to keep his livelihood stable. He’s still busy all the time — waking up at 5am and leaving the parlor at 8pm on a typical day — but he’s doing less than before, and thereby feeling less fatigued than he did for the better part of ten years.Tonight, however, has him almost on his knees once he opens the door. Only a few steps forward and he crashes into something, smashing the left side of his face against grooved rubber. Well, he had already forgotten about his recently purchased bicycle it seems, as well as having left it leaning vertically against the wall in the front hallway. Rubbing his left cheek, he maneuvers past the simple vehicle in the pitch dark, opting to move it in the morning.Tossing his keys onto the kitchen counter, Kuai Liang shuffles his feet towards his bedroom, working at the buttons of his shirt as he goes. He nudges the door open with his foot, shrugging off his shirt and tossing it in the general direction of hamper. While he is busy taking off his shoes — using his toes as leverage as he pulls out from the heels — his phone vibrates sporadically against his leg.Kuai Liang takes his phone from his pocket and tucks it under his arm before sluggishly peeling off his socks and shimmying out of his trousers. Unwilling to turn on the ceiling lamp to put everything in their proper places, he pushes his shoes to the side and tosses the rest of his clothes into the hamper, the button of his pants knocking into the trim of the wall.Squinting his eyes in preparation of the bright, blue light, Kuai Liang unlocks his phone and sees a notification headlined with the name “Hanzo Hasashi” and smiles immediately. He lowers the brightness of the screen as much as possible as he crawls into bed, pulling the thin bedsheet over himself. Fishing for the charging cable along the side of his bed, Kuai Liang captures it between two of his fingers and plugs it into his phone.He taps on the notification bar and opens the text. I apologize for not calling tonight, the message begins. Today was quite hectic and had not allowed me a free moment to speak with you.Bleary-eyed yet content, Kuai Liang slowly writes his own response, his hands still not used to typing on such small keys. There is nothing to apologize for; Tomas kept me similarly occupied after work. Though, I do regret not being able to hear your voice before I drift to sleep.It takes a little time for Hanzo’s reply. Always the charmer. I am looking forward to seeing you again.The delay could mean anything, but Kuai Liang feels a small thrill travel along his tired body at potentially making Hanzo shy. He’s good at doing that, it seems, and even better than Hanzo seems to enjoy it just as much.As am I. Sleep well. He responds, his body resting heavy but his heart light.
Good night.
He locks the phone with a soundly click and sets it on the nightstand. Rolling onto his side and tucking his arm under his pillow, Kuai Liang tries to fall into slumber, but finds that the grin on his face and the fluttering sensation in his chest keeps him awake — if only for a few minutes longer.



HANZO
Chapter Summary
It’s Sunday. Kuai Liang cleans house in anticipation for a visit from Hanzo.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Kuai Liang spends more time on organizing his shower shelves than he likely should, but is set on making sure his apartment looks neat and orderly, regardless of whether Hanzo will see every nook and cranny during his visit. Satisfied with the order of his shampoo and body wash bottles, he steps out of the shower and shuts the curtain closed. He gives the rest of the bathroom a quick scan to ensure everything is in its proper place, nods to himself just slightly before practically falling into a jog, heading for the kitchen as the oven timer rings rapidly.Though tempted to light a candle — if only to bring a sense of home to an otherwise barren apartment — he determines that the aroma of braised pork belly simmering on the stove top is too pleasant to overpower with synthetic scents of fresh linen or wild lavender. Perhaps he’ll take a lighter to one after they’ve eaten.Switching the heat off with a snap of the dial and pressing the timer button with a stretched beep, Kuai Liang opens the lid and is met with a soy sauce-laced vapor billowing into his face. He smiles at the complex spices filling his nose and the reddened color of the meat. He’s certainly more of a confectioner than a chef, but he’s managed to make this dish near perfectly after having not cooked dongpo for many years, if his eyes and nose are to be believed.Replacing the lid yet leaving the pot on the still-hot burner, Kuai Liang moves to the rice cooker to check the softness of its contents when the doorbell chimes from the other side of the wall. Grabbing a dish towel from the oven handle and throwing it atop his shoulder, Kuai Liang makes his way to the door, his heart quickening and smile widening.He pulls the door open and is met with Hanzo standing opposite of him, his hair neatly tied back into a bun and still dressed in his keikogi. He has a bag strapped to his back. The sight makes Kuai Liang raise an eyebrow and tilt his head a mere inch to the side, but Hanzo could wear literal rags and Kuai Liang would still find him as breathtaking as he did on their first, planned date, suit and all.Without giving it much thought, Kuai Liang shifts forwards and presses a kiss on the corner of Hanzo’s mouth. Surprised at himself, he hesitates for less than a second before Hanzo leans into it, turning his head just enough for their lips to meet properly. The embrace feels so natural, as if they had been doing it for years. He hopes that — someday — that they will be that practiced. Smiling into the kiss, he quickly entertains the idea of growing old with this man.As quickly as that thought came to mind does the embrace come to an end, and they part as easily as they came together. "Hello," Hanzo says, his voice smooth and even."Good evening," Kuai Liang replies, moving aside to allow him in. Hanzo steps past the threshold, the duffel bag slung over his shoulder brushing the door frame with an audible hushing sound."I apologize for my appearance," Hanzo begins, pulling the bag's strap off his shoulder and over his head. He shifts his hold onto the handles, standing at the end of the short hallway, waiting to be escorted into the apartment. "A student of mine requested advice after class and I had not any time to change before I arrived."Kuai Liang closes the door with a muted thud and joins Hanzo at his side. "Do not apologize," he says. “I am flattered that being here on time is important to you.”Hanzo lets out a breathy laugh, ducking his head in a possible attempt to hide his grin from view. “I am quite punctual,” he replies. He looks around the rest of the apartment, glancing across the barren living room and the cramped kitchen space, and Kuai Liang begins to feel quite self-conscious. It hardly looks like it’s inhabited at all.It should be an unspoken piece of knowledge that Hanzo cares little for materialism or is impressed by luxury and decadence, but Kuai Liang spends so much of his time at the parlor that his home looks he had only recently moved into it, when he has been renting the space for more than a decade at this point. Given that he spends his social time at Tomas’ house or at restaurants, he hasn’t had much reason to make it a welcoming space for guests. Now, he wonders if he ought to put more love into the place he sleeps in every night, if only to make it look less like a prison cell.“If you would like to get changed,” Kuai Liang starts, gesturing to the doorway to their left with an open hand, “or even take a shower, the restroom is through here.”“Oh, thank you,” Hanzo says. He excuses himself as he opens the door, disappearing behind it as the latch clicks shut.Tearing himself from the hallway, Kuai Liang returns to the kitchen and approaches the sink. He gives his hands a quick wash and dries them with the towel resting on his shoulder. He then moves to attend to the rice cooker once more, opening the cabinet above it and pulling out two plates. He sets them in front of the appliance before taking a wooden spatula in hand and begins scooping out mounds of steaming rice.While he busily assembles the meals — forming a bed of rice for the dongpo to rest upon, piling the pork belly in the center, and then layering a pair of glazed eggplant slices beside the meat — he thanks himself for taking the time to clean and organize his bathroom thoroughly, the hiss of running water filtering through the gaps of the door. The timing isn’t perfect, but it isn’t something an already warm oven can’t solve.Placing the plates on a cookie sheet, Kuai Liang lets the dishes keep warm inside the oven while he waits, giving his hands another quick wash to rid his fingers of sticky miso glaze. Tugging the cloth from his shoulder to dry his hands, he returns it to the oven handle. He opts to begin setting the table, switching on the electric kettle before opening cabinets and drawers for place mats, chopsticks, and tea leaves.It isn’t much to boast over, but he sets the table as nicely as he can with what little he has, deciding to light an old candle that has since lost much of its scent and place it at the center of it all. He was hesitant to do so — it was a date, sure, but not necessarily of the candlelight variety — but felt particularly brave as he dug it out from the back of his utility pantry, the designated spot of the apartment for anything he knows he’ll only use once or twice.A few minutes pass, and as he transfers the boiling kettle water into the teapot, he hears a door open and a light switch click behind him. Mindful to avoid burning himself due to a spill, Kuai Liang pauses in his pouring to take a look over his shoulder.Hanzo approaches casually, dressed down in a plain t-shirt and a pair of old jeans, the color around the seams having washed away noticeably more than the rest of the denim. His hair is unchanged, but a few droplets of water glimmer in the overhead light as they cling to the loose hairs near his nape. He stops and leans against the counter beside Kuai Liang, his hip meeting the rounded edge.“Feel better?” Kuai Liang asks, feeling painfully domestic. It’s strange to him that he can still smell what is distinctly Hanzo amidst the familiar aroma of eucalyptus and cedar he washes himself with every day.“Yes, very much so,” Hanzo says, intertwining his hands together at his front. “We managed to work up a considerable sweat during class today. I hope that I did not arrive with an unpleasant stench on me.”“Not at all,” Kuai Liang replies, resuming his steeping of the tea with a careful hand. He loves how easy their conversations are now, even when standing this close. “Would you be willing to grab two mugs from the cabinet to my left?”Hanzo repeats Kuai Liang’s same words and immediately steps around the man, opening the cabinet in question and looping his fingers through two cup handles. For a brief moment, after Kuai Liang has made a quick glance at Hanzo’s face, he thinks that his guest — such a bland word for what Hanzo is to him, but the more accurate alternatives carry a weight that they might now be ready for — wishes to say something. Instead, Hanzo just gives him a smile and closes the cabinet, bringing the ceramic cups to the modest dinner table.Although the silence isn’t unwelcome, Kuai Liang would certainly prefer to hear Hanzo’s voice instead of the cluttered noise of the neighbor’s dogs and cars rumbling down the adjacent avenue. “I must apologize for my disappointing teaware once more,” he nearly shouts into the teapot, ensuring his words carry into the main room. “My proper set is unusable, unfortunately.”Gentle clattering echoes from behind him. “That is nothing to apologize for. What happened to it?”“Uh,” Kuai Liang says, the smallest morsel of bitterness returning to him as he speaks, “the set was damaged in transit years ago.” He ceases pouring, the teapot only a centimeter from becoming overfilled. “Whoever managed cargo on my plane across the Pacific cared little regarding potential fragility. Every piece was shattered when I made it here.”“I am sorry to hear that.” Hanzo’s voice is at first distant, but becomes closer and stops just to his right when he continues, “May I see it?”Kuai Liang nods. “Certainly,” he says with the slightest of grins, disappointment still lining his brow yet all too happy to oblige Hanzo with such a simple request. Opening the same cabinet to his left, Kuai Liang reaches up for a box sitting on the tallest shelf, holding it firmly at the bottom. At the opposite counter, he sets the plain, cardboard box and unfolds the flaps, Hanzo standing closely beside him. The heat radiating off his body — their arms nearly brushing as they stand side by side — is enough to make Kuai Liang feel dizzy.The smallest sound of awe leaves Hanzo’s mouth before Kuai Liang even takes out one of the damaged pieces of jun kiln ceramic. Gently, he grabs a teacup, three large shards stacked atop the base of the dish. “It was a gift from my brother, the last one he gave to me,” he says, his voice somber and soft without meaning to. “It has been my intention to have it repaired since, but my finances always have more pressing matters.” Even destroyed, it is still a beautiful set, coated both inside and out with a glossy ocean blue besmirched with speckled, navy veins. Its edges and base are uncovered, revealing the matte finish of the dark clay beneath.He strokes the smooth glaze with his thumb, nearly two decades of mourning threatening to burst from his core. Blinking rapidly, he then looks over to Hanzo, who looks at the shattered cup with a forlorn expression, his mouth pulled into a ever-tightening line. There is another emotion combined with the sympathetic disappointment on his face, but Kuai Liang isn’t sure what it is. “Shameful,” Hanzo says after a long moment. “It is a stunning set.”“Indeed.” Kuai Liang returns the cup and closes the box. ‘One day, I will put aside the money to fix it. Perhaps I should have gotten it repaired instead of purchasing a bicycle,” he chuckles, glancing over at the vehicle in question resting in the far corner of his living room.Hanzo’s pensiveness is replace with a lighter, more present demeanor. “I recall you expressing frustration over being unable to transit on your own,” he remarks, a smirk sneaking onto his face. “A much more astute use of your money for your needs, I think.”Kuai Liang slips his right hand into the oven mitt hanging off a nearby drawer knob, pulling it off the metal piece in one smooth motion. “You are correct,” he mutters, pulling out the cookie sheet and placing it on the stovetop. “I do wish I would have fixed the dishes much sooner.”The apartment falls quiet as they migrate to the table, Kuai Liang carrying a plate in each gloved hand, Hanzo holding the teapot by its handle. The only words to pass between them is a warning to avoid touching the heated plates, Hanzo nodding as he lowers himself into a chair and the teapot on the table.Another beat passes and Hanzo speaks up again, reluctant as he inquires, “May I ask about your brother? Of what happened to him?”Kuai Liang looks at him, unsure of the expression he wears. Whatever the grimace of his eyebrows says, Hanzo elaborates quickly, “You do not speak of him often, but when you do, your tone is wistful. I do not wish to make assumptions, but...” Hanzo fidgets with his hands, leaving his sentence unfinished.He sighs before he can stop himself. It’s true, as much as he would rather not have to worry about it, but he doesn’t speak of Bi-Han often. He does his best not to think of the man, the wounds old but the scars still tender. At the same time, however, while Hanzo may simply want to know more about Kuai Liang and his family — or, more accurately, his lacking thereof — it almost feels like he is lying by not being more forthcoming.Hanzo had opened his heart, if only for a few minutes, to share the loss of his wife and child. It would be selfish of him were he to not do the same. Hanzo may not see it that way, but Kuai Liang certainly does.“Bi-Han was...” The hardest part is knowing where to begin. He tries again, clearing his throat as he settles down in the chair opposite Hanzo. “My brother was illusive, ever since I was young. He was a lot like a parent in that way, I suppose. I never knew him well, nor did he let me become close to him. He put up walls that made it impossible to see him as an equal.”Hanzo listens quietly, his hands now still in his lap. His gaze is intense, though not for reasons that Kuai Liang is used to. It’s the appearance of someone concerned, empathetic, understanding, or at least that of someone wanting to understand. He thinks Hanzo will comprehend more than anyone else he knows.“He went missing not long after my twentieth birthday, when he gave me that tea set. I had used it only once before immigrating,” he laughs, the sound more bitter than he would like. “Vanished without a trace as to what happened to him, where he could have fled to, or who could have made him disappear so cleanly, so suddenly.”The more he talks, the more it becomes clear that not discussing his brother and his sudden disappearance has worn him down to the bone. He doesn’t think he’ll have to time or expenses to see a counselor, however. Another item to be added to his to-do list that hasn’t shrunk in over a decade, it seems.There’s certainly other things he would like to say — he wonders if Bi-Han died not long after he vanished, his body never found, or that perhaps Bi-Han left purposely, to rid himself of the burden of a younger brother — but those potential truths are too harsh on his heart, a conversation too bleak to share during a date like this. So, he stops talking.The silent air fills his ears with the weight of saltwater.It takes some time before a single sound rises from either of them, but Hanzo is the first to fill the emptiness. “I am sorry. I should not have pressured you to revisit that loss.”“No,” Kuai Liang interrupts, quick to object, but his voice gentle. “I apologize for not being forthcoming sooner. It is something I wanted you to know; the moment merely had not presented itself until now.” Grabbing the teapot, he serves Hanzo tea first before filling his own winter-themed mug. He experiences a brief wave of déjà vu, recalling the night Hanzo arrived unannounced at the parlor after closing.Tentatively, Hanzo raises a hand and lays it atop of Kuai Liang’s, pausing him in the pouring. “Thank you for telling me.”Kuai Liang’s heart beats hard against his rib cage, viciously thrumming as if it were trying to escape from the sheer amount of pure love filling his chest. “Thank you for asking and for listening.”“Of course.”Oh, how things love to repeat.“Now, please eat. I worked very hard.”Hanzo laughs at that, squeezing Kuai Liang’s hand. “I am sure.” 
 Fewer things are more rewarding than seeing the expression Hanzo wears after finishing their meal, the visage of pure bliss brought upon by satisfying food clear on his face.Having Hanzo help him clean up without either of them uttering a word is certainly one of them, however.There are so many ways to express love, caring, compassion, and helping without needing to be asked is the easiest way to worm into Kuai Liang’s heart with the ferocity of a speeding train.As they stand together at the sink — Kuai Liang washing dishes and pans, Hanzo drying them — an instrumental song comprised of piano keys and bass strings plays out of the tinny speaker of Kuai Liang’s cell phone, the background noise upon Hanzo’s request. Kuai Liang admitted his embarrassment when Hanzo asked, lacking the proper sound system to listen to music as it should be heard. Hanzo snorted at the admission, giving him a light and playful smack on the arm as he said, “It is fine. If I wanted perfect music, we would be sitting down to watch an orchestra, not doing house chores.”It was a roundabout way of saying, “I like being with you,” but Kuai Liang clutched onto it with all he could muster anyway.He moves on to pack the leftovers into plastic containers of identical size, segmented in half to separate foods with differing moisture levels, cooking times, or temperature requirements. Hanzo works to rinse out the basin of the rice cooker after Kuai Liang empties the appliance, and for a few minutes they stand back-to-back in the humble kitchen, the space small enough for their shoulders to bump into one another if they aren’t mindful.Though, in Kuai Liang’s case, he does it on purpose a few times, determined to replace conversation with the occasional touch now and again.Soon, however, the desire to hear Hanzo’s voice as much as he can before they go their separate ways for the night overtakes any other thought drifting in his head. It helps that he made more food than he’ll be able to eat before it spoils, so he has the perfect excuse to continue conversation. “Please help yourself in taking one or two of these with you,” he says, hopefully loud enough to be heard over the splashing of running water. “I will not be able to eat it all on my own.”Hanzo rejects the offer almost immediately. “No, I have taken advantage of your hospitality enough. You should reap the rewards of such hard work in making a wonderful meal.”Kuai Liang laughs a little in disbelief. “You flatter me,” he responds, closing the last reusable container and turning around to stand next to Hanzo, “but I truly cannot eat everything that is left before it becomes rotten.”His hands still busy, Hanzo turns his head and looks at Kuai Liang, a small smirk on his lips and a glint of suspicion in his eyes. Their faces are so close that Kuai Liang can feel the warmth of Hanzo’s breath as it flows against his mouth. “Somehow, I do not believe you.”“What would it take to convince you?” Kuai Liang asks, heat spreading across his chest and down his abdomen from the intensity of Hanzo’s stare. He inches ever closer to him, the sides of their bodies nearly flush with one another. Kuai Liang tilts his head unconsciously, starving to kiss Hanzo until they’re both gasping for air.Hanzo, meanwhile, holds his gaze before drifting to look down at Kuai Liang’s mouth once, then twice. He licks his lips. His eyelashes look so thick up close. “Best me in a sparring match.”Kuai Liang takes a moment to watch Hanzo’s eyes, to be sure he’s being serious, before bumping his shoulder against Hanzo’s arm. Unusual for him to get so frisky, so provocative, but Gods, if he isn’t enjoying every second of it. If he had his way, he’d spend the rest of his days flirting with Hanzo. No contest.Parting from Hanzo — his arm feeling suddenly chilly without Hanzo’s body heat to keep it warm — Kuai Liang circles the archway to the living area and kneels down to clear out the floor. He pushes the sofa from the middle until it is flush against the wall separating the living area and the kitchen, then moving the coffee table to sit between the bedroom and bathroom doorways. The result is a considerably open space, enough for the two of them to... do what will be done.He tries not to think too hard of the possibilities. Their relationship isn’t ready for a few specific brands of physical exploration, isn’t prepared for a wide variety of reasons.His brain will certainly try to run off with a few of them, of course, as it is wont to do when Hanzo is involved.While Kuai Liang stands in the middle of the room he’s made, Hanzo approaches wordlessly, unraveling his hairtie and gathering his hair to put it back up more securely. Kuai Liang cuffs his sleeves properly, rolling them up above his elbow and tucking the fabric upon itself snugly.In all honestly, he doubts he will win, as rusty as he is. His workout routine hasn’t included hand-to-hand sparring since he was still in China, and he isn’t so sure the ability to successfully block, evade, and strike will return to him as easily as riding a bicycle would.(Funny, how accurate that saying is. He was wobbly on his new bike for only a handful of meters before balancing himself out and being able to follow a straight line. It came to him like second nature, as if it was as instinctive as walking on his own two feet. An impressive accomplishment, he thinks, considering he hadn’t ridden a bicycle since he was still in high school.)Standing far enough apart that they couldn’t reach one another with the tips of their fingers, Kuai Liang and Hanzo ready themselves, their feet planted firmly on the wooden floors and knees carefully bent. Kuai Liang keeps his elbows toward his center while Hanzo’s start behind him. The difference intrigues him, his foot slowly sliding sideways in front of him.Kuai Liang, voice thick, lays down the ground rules. “No sweeps. No groin attacks.”“Of course,” Hanzo replies, rolling his shoulders.Hanzo is the first to move, lunging forward with a closed-hand strike at Kuai Liang’s ribs, to which he evades just barely with a quick step to the side. They quick return to position and Kuai Liang immediately reciprocates with his own prod, his knuckles landing firmly on Hanzo’s left ribs. It earns him a hiss of pain and a smirk from Hanzo, and Kuai Liang’s body becomes swiftly awashed by the burning heat of arousal.They continue like this for some time, each of them missing most attempts yet landing a solid hit when the other stumbles for even just a moment, an honorable, principled dance that Kuai Liang once knew well and practiced often.This time, however, it’s taken on another meaning.He’s never sparred with someone he loved — romantically, that is. He loves Tomas — there is little doubt about that — but their relationship has never exceed the bounds of platonic fondness.The nature of his relationship with Hanzo becomes abundantly clear when the push and pull of lunging strikes and sweeping evasions devolves into grapples, where the sensation of Hanzo’s callused hands gripping his arms is nothing short of titillating, quickly overwhelmed with the desire to shove his hands up the man’s shirt and press his thigh between the other’s legs.Sweat has already begun to form along their hairlines, dripping off their foreheads, following down the bridges of their noses from the scuffle, the exertion exacerbating the burning swelter brought upon them by the summer evening. As much as he could ponder about what Hanzo is thinking in that moment and come up with a slew of ideas, Kuai Liang is well aware that, in his own case, the beading sweat on his body is from more than mere physical effort, and thinks that is enough for him to handle for the time being.Hanzo pushes against him, using the entirety of his upper body weight in his efforts. Kuai Liang holds him back, his socked foot struggling to stay in place from the force while his mind is continuously pulled from keeping steady by how intensely he can smell the other man, how loud the sounds of his breathing seem in his ears.In what he perceives as a split second, Kuai Liang slips from his stance and Hanzo brings him down in a controlled fall, looping a leg around his own and landing hard on the floor. Though not as painful as it could have been — had Hanzo not been so careful, Kuai Liang would definitely have some bruises later — he groans regardless, losing his orientation and unable to reclaim it for a few long moments.Amidst the daze, Hanzo flips Kuai Liang over on his stomach, shifting to straddle him from behind and pull an arm across his lower back. It would be a blatant lie if Kuai Liang said he wasn’t impressed by just how nimble and fast Hanzo is. He has little doubt the man makes for an informative and challenging instructor.Almost as quickly as he was tackled, Kuai Liang wiggles out from Hanzo’s grasp and pushes him off, the other saving himself from landing flat on his back with nigh impeccable reflexes, holding himself up with an open palm against the floor. Kuai Liang makes an attempt to pin Hanzo to the ground with a face-forward straddle, but Hanzo twists himself around Kuai Liang’s body and latches onto him from the back, wrapping an arm across his chest and falling back.Returning both of them to the ground with a solid thud, Hanzo pulls Kuai Liang’s back against his chest and pulls his arm toward Kuai Liang’s chin, locking his head in place above the crook of Hanzo’s elbow. Try as he might, Kuai Liang is unable to wriggle himself out of the hold, and in his attempts, finds his dominant arm pinned to the floor, the other arm ineffectual in escaping. He kicks his legs, digging his heels against the wooden flooring — and surely annoying the residents who are unfortunate enough to live underneath his apartment — and getting no leeway in fleeing.He concedes.As he lets go of the wish to slip out of Hanzo’s headlock, his mind returns to the basest of his desires and notices how heavily Hanzo pants into his ear, his leg situated between both of Kuai Liang’s as he restrains him against his heaving chest. Among the cacophony of labored breathing filling the room, the small, flat sounds of tickled pianos can be heard from the kitchen, cell phone speakers peaking above the noise like the flute section of a grand orchestra.Kuai Liang cranes his neck as best as he can to see if he can get a blurry glimpse of Hanzo’s face, but can only catch the fuzzy slope of the man’s nose, the headlock keeping his head firmly in place. Shakily, he taps out, slapping his free palm on the ground three times. When Hanzo loosens his hold against his jaw, Kuai Liang lets out a sound caught between a gasp for air and a strangled moan.They stay there for a few moments, silent, Hanzo keeping his arm thrown across Kuai Liang’s chest and his fingers loosely curled around his wrist. Kuai Liang makes a concerted effort to focus on his breathing, to stabilize its rhythm and calm his heart hammering against his breastbone.Hanzo is the first to pull away, dropping his limbs down to the floor on either side of him. He sits up, bracing his hands against Kuai Liang’s shoulder blades and raises both of them into a sitting position. Kuai Liang slouches over, catching his breath while Hanzo rises to his feet, circling to Kuai Liang’s front with an open hand held out.Kuai Liang takes it and Hanzo lifts him from his seat on the floor, his cheekbones stained the slightest bit of red and temples wet with a thin sheen of sweat. Even the palm of his hand feels sticky.With nothing but a small word of “thanks” from Kuai Liang, they stand there for some time, the air still and quiet as they stare at one another. They stand close enough for Kuai Liang to see the pulsing in Hanzo’s neck, his circulatory system working overtime to bring him back down from the adrenaline rush. Kuai Liang takes the briefest of glances to watch the fluttering underneath the man’s deep olive skin, but returns just as quickly to that fierce gaze pinning him down just as firmly as Hanzo’s hands, those dark eyes stoking a fire deep in the core of his body.In a rush, Kuai Liang grabs for Hanzo’s face and pulls him in, their lips crashing together in a sloppy, fevered kiss. His eyes are squeezed shut so hard that he may form a handful of fresh crow’s feet wrinkles from this moment alone.Hanzo reciprocates hastily, bringing his hands to Kuai Liang’s back and gripping onto the button-up shirt as if it were the only lifeline keeping him from sinking back onto the floor. It’s enough to make Kuai Liang feel like he’s drowning.Opening his mouth and parting briefly, Kuai Liang gasps for air and dives back in, earning him a muffled whine when he trails his tongue across Hanzo’s bottom lip. Hanzo’s nose digs into his cheekbone as their kiss deepens, both trying impossibly to bring their faces closer together. Kuai Liang opts to use their bodies instead, pressing his stomach flush against Hanzo’s, the latter gripping the fabric of Kuai Liang’s shirt into balls in his hands.For what feels like simultaneously a millisecond and an eternity, Kuai Liang revels in the softness of Hanzo’s beard in his hands, the feathery contact of the hairs falling from his nape, the hot puffs of air from his nose skirting along Kuai Liang’s cheek, the sheer heat of Hanzo’s skin against his own. He memorizes all of it as detailed as he can, grimacing as he does so out of fear of it ending so soon, his forehead wrinkling and his brows knotting with the effort.It is inevitable, however, that they must part, and Kuai Liang lets out a shuddering sigh at the smacking sound their lips makes when he breaks the kiss. Opening his eyes, he finds Hanzo’s still shut tight, his hands weighting down the back of his shirt and holding him close. Hanzo follows after Kuai Liang’s mouth, seeking one more kiss, to which Kuai Liang happily obliges with a lengthened peck. Satisfied, Hanzo parts and rests his forehead against Kuai Liang’s, his eyelids staying closed as he breathes deeply though his nose.Kuai Liang does nothing short of a nuzzle against Hanzo’s brow, relaxing his hold along Hanzo’s jaw and letting his hands slide down to gently cradle the base of his neck. Hanzo’s grip softens and he lowers his to hold Kuai Liang’s back, palms so wonderfully warm as they rest flat along the curve of his spine. It is possible that Hanzo sneaks his thumb underneath the bottom hem of his shirt — resting it along the side of his waist — but with his body temperature so high, it is difficult to tell.It takes some time before they finally separate, Kuai Liang bringing his head up and drifting his hands to the slopes of Hanzo’s shoulders. “I believe you won,” he says, gently squeezing the shapely joints in his hands.“Yes,” Hanzo chuckles, “I suppose I have.”



Chapter End Notes
Hey, everyone! I want to apologize for how long this chapter took! My work schedule has been really sporadic and lengthy; I volunteered to work the front desk for my employer as one of our secretaries found a new job. As such, I've been working several twelve hour days the past couple weeks and haven't had much time or energy to write lately.I also made the bold choice to play through Red Dead Redemption II for the first time in my down time and it destroyed me. I may or may not write something for it in the near future (wink), but confectionery is still my top priority! Unfortunately, writing is but a hobby of mine, and sometimes other things take precedence. My goal is to finish this before the end of the year, but it's possible I won't reach that deadline.Regardless, thank you all so much for reading! Your feedback really drives me to keep working on this silly little fic of mine. ♡


TAKEDA
Chapter Summary
It’s Hanzo’s birthday. Kuai Liang visits the Takahashi-Hasashi household to celebrate the occasion, but something seems off.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




He can’t remember the last time he used this old backpack, but he’s glad that he kept it despite its lack of necessity in his daily life for so long. Now that he’s more reliant on his bicycle than taxis or through the goodwill of Tomas, the backpack is set to get much more use. He’s also thankful that he hasn’t broken a sweat from cycling halfway across the city — considering he is much more a fan of anaerobic exercise than he is of the aerobic variety, anyway — as he certainly wouldn’t want to arrive to a birthday celebration smelling musty.The misty, evening air breezing past him as he descends down the sidewalk of a residential hill soothes his nerves more than he might have expected, though the tingle of uncertainty still rests at the bottom of his stomach, ever present. While Hanzo has been to his apartment several times since that first night — the memories of which still bring him a bubbling giddiness in his chest — this is the first time Kuai Liang has been invited to the Takahashi-Hasashi household, and a peculiar pressure has been settled over him for the past few days.It isn’t helped that communication with Hanzo has faltered for the past week, several of his messages left unanswered and their nightly wishes of good rest have died out seemingly out of nowhere. The suddenness of it all makes him feel lost, unsure of what to expect when he arrives. Hanzo’s confirmation that yes, he was still welcome for dinner that evening, had done some to alleviate the doubt in his mind that they were anything other than fine, but he still cycles hesitantly around the street corner.Another hundred meters down the winding road and he arrives to a cozy, single-story home shaded by mature oak trees. His bicycle wheels click decreasingly in cadence as he slows into the driveway, mindful of avoiding the side mirror of Hanzo’s sedan. Dismounting the bike, Kuai Liang rolls it up the stairs to the front door and maneuvers it onto the concrete porch, kicking the stand into place.Adjusting the backpack straps with a shrug of his shoulders, Kuai Liang steps forward and knocks on the door. Faintly, he hears voices trade words on the other side, muffled but familiar. The pattering of small feet approaching the door reach his ears and stop for a few moments, the curtains of the adjacent glass pane shifting. Within moments, the door swings open, Kuai Liang meeting the hallway before looking down the middle of the doorway to find his host.“Hello, Takeda,” he greets, slouching as he gives the small boy a genial wave.“Hi, Mr. Liang!” Takeda replies, his smile interrupted by a missing front tooth, lips spreading from ear to ear. He steps backward and pulls the door with him, practically hopping as he invites Kuai Liang into the warmly lit home.“Thank you, sir,” Kuai Liang says with the air of a loyal guest to the regent, bowing slightly before stepping through the threshold. Takeda giggles and runs down the hallway, disappearing behind the corner while Kuai Liang shuts the door behind him. His nose is immediately stricken by the savory smell of grilled squid and sweetened soy sauce.Takeda announces Kuai Liang’s arrival, to which he overhears Hanzo’s voice filter through the house, saying “I heard” with a throaty chuckle. It’s a bit of a struggle to catch the laugh, the sound of the nearby television and the sizzling of oil on a saucepan drowning out their voices.Gods, he hadn’t realized how much he missed the sound of that laugh.Removing his shoes and shrugging off his backpack from his left shoulder, Kuai Liang enters the house proper, arriving at the mouth of the hallway and walking into the living room. Tucked in the corner sits a moderately-sized television, the screen bright and colorful as some sitcom he doesn’t recognize plays.“Good evening, Liang,” greets a voice from the other side of the sofa that, admittedly, catches Kuai Liang by surprise.Leaning over the back, Kuai Liang looks down at the cushions and finds a reclining Kenshi, head resting on one armrest and his feet propped on the other. His sunglasses are absent and his eyes open, dark irises and pupils cloaked by a cloudy sheen. What is unusual, he notes, is how unkempt Kenshi’s hair looks. Strange. He’s always appeared quite neat and clean-cut.Kenshi looks approximately in Kuai Liang’s direction and raises a hand in a friendly hello. Kuai Liang smiles without really thinking about it.“Good evening, Kenshi,” he replies, resting his hip against the back of the couch. “Have you been well?”“Yes,” Kenshi says with little hesitation, adjusting his head on the rest and returning his hand to lie across his stomach. He coughs a couple times, the sound light and clear. “Though, I think I caught a small cold while on base. Feeling quite tired. I hope you are faring well, or better than I am, at the very least.”Kuai Liang grimaces instinctively, feeling pained as he takes in more than a small amount of relief that Kenshi is unable to see the expression contorting his face. At any other time, he would be perfectly content, but that suffocating doubt still lingers in his chest. “I have been fine,” he lies, hoping his voice sounds more convincing than his heart does.Kenshi responds with a nod, the gesture short but confident. Kuai Liang has to stop himself from sighing out of relief through his nose when Kenshi tells him, “Happy to hear.”With a murmured goodbye, Kuai Liang excuses himself and heads in the direction of the kitchen, rounding the corner into the hall and passing the dining room. Inside the kitchen stands Hanzo, back turned away and hovering over the stove, shaping something in the skillet with a spatula in each hand. Beside him, Takeda stands on the tips of his toes atop a stepping stool, molding rice balls with his little hands.Mindful that he doesn’t scare either of them on accident, Kuai Liang walks with heavy feet — a rarity for him, particularly when not wearing shoes — and announces his arrival, saying hello. He approaches Hanzo, stopping on the opposite side of Takeda and pressing his palm flat against the small of the man’s back, drifting his head to press his lips against Hanzo’s cheek for a quick peck. “Happy birthday.”Hanzo, however, hardly reacts, not leaning into either touch and only simply humming what sounds like “thank you” in response.A pit forms in Kuai Liang’s stomach.He tries not to think about it too hard.As casually as possible, Kuai Liang pulls his hand away, but remains close to Hanzo’s side. He watches as Hanzo slips a spatula underneath what he believes is a patty made with cabbage and topped with sliced squid. In one smooth movement, Hanzo flips the cake over and presses it down against the hot surface of the skillet, reshaping the sides before dropping the spatulas on the counter and covering the pan with a glass lid.Kuai Liang wants to make a joke about Hanzo cooking on his own birthday, but is well aware that he doesn’t have much in the way of options, little Takeda being much too young to work the stove by himself and Kenshi feeling under the weather. Admittedly, he is unsure how much Kenshi does in regards to housework that involves potential injury risk — cooking, ironing, house and appliance repair, among others — and he wishes not to assume.Maybe he’ll gather the courage to ask. He would like to get to know Kenshi better, eventually, but with his leaving soon, he is ignorant as to how long it’ll take before he can call Kenshi a friend of his own. They may be stuck as acquaintances for the time being, waiting until Kenshi completes his duties as stationed and returns home. The fact makes Kuai Liang mildly sullen. It would be nice to be closer with Hanzo’s most trusted companion.He forgoes the joke — deciding it isn’t particularly funny anyway — and decides to cut straight to the point. “What are you making?”Hanzo finally looks over at Kuai Liang, appearing worse for wear than the last time they saw one another. “Okonomiyaki,” he states simply, and both his tone and his expression belie the distant feeling Kuai Liang gets from him. “My personal favorite.”“I have never had it,” Kuai Liang replies, ducking his head to peer in between the droplets of condensation clinging to the underside of the lid. “It smells delightful.”A small smile appears on Hanzo’s lips, and it’s enough to make Kuai Liang’s heart skip a beat. “Thank you. Here,” he starts, stepping to the side until he’s nearly shoulder to shoulder with Takeda. He grabs a platter covered with an opaque, plastic cloche and pulls the lid back enough to look beneath it. “I am keeping them warm in here.”Inside sits several short stacks of the cakes, each patty carefully shaped into discs no larger than four inches in diameter and browned on each side. Steam flows out the gap between the two pieces of dishware, and after taking in a deep breath of of the flavorful vapors, Kuai Liang’s stomach begins to grumble fiercely.Hanzo carefully replaces the cloche and sets the platter back on the counter, his face turned away. “That is the last one,” he states, making a swift gesture toward the pan, “so it will be finished soon.”“I am looking forward to it.”Hanzo gives an almost terse nod, and Kuai Liang is still unsure of the man’s distant disposition. It’s difficult to tell if his intuition is giving him false alarms or if there really is a stretching expanse separating them.Hanzo turns to Takeda and steps around him, standing on the boy’s right side and gently placing his hand on his shoulder. Kuai Liang’s saddened heart swells at the sight. He joins them at Takeda’s left to watch him make onigiri, doing his best to stop worrying about what he doesn’t know.“How are you doing?” he asks, giving Takeda’s upper arm a little shake as the child continues his work, unpracticed hands having created three balls already, each one misshapen yet terribly endearing. He meticulously presses his fingers along the curves of the fourth orb, wrapping the sticky rice around the dollop of red bean paste in its center.Takeda, brows furrowed in concentration, replies, “This is hard, but it’s fun.” The boy pauses his shaping and looks over to Kuai Liang, toothy grin painted on his face once more. Somehow, he’s managed to get a couple grains of rice stuck to his cheek. “Hanzo is teaching me how to make onigiri!”That joyful smile is incredibly infectious, and Kuai Liang finds himself grinning once more. “I see. What kind are you making?” It’s a question to which he already knows the answer, but Takeda’s enthusiasm for making food is certainly one he would like to help foster and encourage. He’s biased in that way.Yet, his gut persists in twisting with uncertainty.“Sweet red bean!” Takeda says excitedly, giving the rice ball in his hands a firm press between his palms. “I can’t decide if I want to put anything on it when I’m done, though. Dad says it’s good on its own, but Hanzo says shiso powder would taste really good. What do you think?”“Oh, I do not know,” Kuai Liang says with a playful tone, making it obvious that he is lying about the most harmless thing. Compromising is one of his favorite things to do in cooking, to assure that everyone enjoys their meal without the flavor being hindered by something they dislike. His suggestion comes naturally. “Perhaps you could put shiso on some and not on others?”Hanzo smiles knowingly as Takeda exclaims, “Oh! I didn’t think of that! Thank you. I’m gonna do that.”“They look great, kiddo,” Hanzo says quietly, giving Takeda’s arm another wiggle. “Would you like help?”“Sure! Can you finish this one? It keeps falling apart.”Kuai Liang keeps himself from staring — a challenge, always, when it comes to Hanzo — and examines the rest of the kitchen while Hanzo aids the boy in making the rest of the onigiri.It’s a simple, considerably old-fashioned kitchen, the house likely having been built at least thirty years ago. The sink is a single but deep basin, the steel shiny and clearly taken care of. Brushed steel is the apparent theme of the kitchen appliances as well, the fridge, coffee maker, tea kettle, and microwave all matching in silvery tones. They sit in stark contrast to the rest of the room, the cabinets, counters, and walls all stained and painted in dark, earthy tones.The room is also quite small, its square shape only just large enough to fit the three of them without being required to bump shoulders. He can’t imagine a small breakfast table being crammed in this little kitchen, so it makes sense that the only place set for them to eat is the dining table in the adjacent room.Amidst his viewing, his eyes catch a pile of opened envelopes tucked away in the corner of the counter, the topmost being a vibrant, coral pink parcel covered in handwritten, Japanese text. His knowledge of the language is rudimentary at best and pitiful at worst, but its clear even to him whose name is written in kanji on its front.Curiosity gnaws at him like the teeth of a bear trap does on a wiggling ankle. The similarities between kanji and hanzi would be enough for him to understand at least some of the contents of the letter inside, but the thought is as ridiculous as it is a gross disregard for Hanzo’s privacy.As much as it would be unfair to make unseemly assumptions about Hanzo’s sense of commitment, the fact that they haven’t had any explicit conversation about the seriousness of their relationship also means that there are no boundaries set. For all Kuai Liang knows, Hanzo might just be testing the waters with him, trying to figure out how to date again as a widower and adoptive father.Yet, he remembers what Kenshi said to him at the beach — Hanzo had taken a liking to him so quickly, so strongly — and the idea of him seeing someone else makes about as much sense as Kuai Liang not finding Hanzo as beautiful and captivating as he does. For the short time they have known each other, there’s never been anything to indicate Hanzo is dishonest. Guarded and prideful, yes, but not one to be deceitful.“Would you be willing to set the table?”Pulled out of his reverie, Kuai Liang turns back to Hanzo and the full tea tray held in the man’s hands. Holding out his own, he readily accepts the request with a nod, taking a glance at Hanzo’s eyes and finding that the muscles around them looks strangely tight. He isn’t sure what to make of it, but he quickly pardons himself to the dining room to prevent himself from staring and overanalyzing the expression.What a fool he is, he thinks, for letting his mind wander in such disappointing ways.Passing through the archway between the kitchen and dining room, Kuai Liang discovers Kenshi already seated at the table, listening to what sounds like public radio news on his phone. “Oh, hello again,” he greets, setting the tray atop the placemat at the head of the table.“Hello again,” Kenshi replies with an amused grin, holding his thumb on the phone screen as he speaks. The device suspends the radio host’s voice and replaces it with a synthetic one, narrating Kenshi’s hovering over the backward skip button. Kenshi drags his finger along to the right, waits for the device to announce “pause,” and then taps.As fascinated by the usage of a cell phone with only audio cues as he is — being aware of the accessibility options available on mobile devices yet not having investigated them for himself — Kuai Liang grows regretful, as if he had intruded on something without an invitation. “Please do not stop on my account,” he says, holding tea cups from the top and divvying up the dishes around the table.“Nonsense,” Kenshi responds quickly, chuckling with a slightly bewildered expression on his face, one brow furrowed and the other raised. “The news can wait. I was just passing the time.”Well, now he feels particularly foolish.In a more confident attempt at small talk since the last time they spoke at the beach, Kuai Liang states that he hardly blames him, the smell of dinner streaming throughout the home simply intoxicating. Kenshi agrees, mentioning that Hanzo makes okonomiyaki that ought to be reckoned with, Kuai Liang gingerly placing the hot tea pot on the center mat atop the circular table. He eventually claims a seat of his own, taking off his backpack and hanging it on the back of the chair as they chat.It’s a pretty mindless conversation, trading the simple small talk about work and the season, of the trials and tribulations that come with being an adult with bills, taxes, and other boring responsibilities. Kuai Liang admits that he isn’t looking forward to the arrival of autumn, at least from a business perspective, as his profits take a huge dip once the cold rolls in. Kenshi offers to provide him a bit of monetary support if he needs it and Kuai Liang uses every ounce of his willpower to not burst into tears as he rejects the obscenely kind gesture with gratitude.In all his years running the business, he’s never been unable to stay afloat, but it is inevitable that his finances hit a low point where he has next to nothing left for emergency savings once fulfilling his due payments. Still, the steadfast offer of aid sends him for a loop, but in one of the heartfelt possible ways he’s experienced.Kenshi is certainly a gentleman, easily compassionate and generous — albeit prone to playful teasing — towards an individual who isn’t far from being a total stranger. That alone is enough for Kuai Liang to understand why he is so dear to Hanzo, how much trust Hanzo placed upon him that he was so willing to leave his home country as a grieving widower and childless father.There is little doubt in his mind that Kenshi is anything other than what he’s seen of the man. He looks forward to being able to call him a friend in the future.After a few minutes of idle chatter, Takeda comes barreling into the dining room, hands and face clear of any pesky grains sticking to the skin while carrying a bag of bonito flakes under his arm and a jar of green powder in his palm. He inquires what they’re talking about, climbing into one of the chairs and placing the food items on the table once he’s seated.Leaning back in his chair, Kenshi simply says, “Grown-up stuff.”Takeda makes a face that’s only a few degrees away from pure disgust. “Sounds boring.”Kuai Liang is inclined to agree.“Dad, do you still feel sick?” Takeda asks, bringing his feet up on the chair and holding his knees toward his chest. He rests is cheek on one of them, looking up at Kenshi with concerned eyes. His hair falls across his face and covers half of it. Kuai Liang wonders when the last time he got a haircut was.Kenshi frowns slightly. “Yeah, I’m not feeling very good. I’m sorry I didn’t go with Hanzo to pick you up,” he says, reaching out a hand. Takeda brings his own to sit atop his father’s palm, to which Kenshi holds it gingerly. “I know I don’t usually come home early.”“’s okay,” Takeda mumbles into his leg, shrugging his shoulders. For as much as his body language says, the disappointed resignation comes through his voice is plenty to read his mood, Kenshi’s frown deepening and a knot forming on his forehead.Squeezing the small hand in his own, Kenshi asks, “What did you learn at school today?”“Um...” Takeda looks up at the ceiling, rolling his head so that his chin rests atop his knee. “Oh, we talked about bigger than and less than! With the alligators.”While they converse about Takeda’s lessons of the day — Takeda imitating alligator jaws with his fingers, explaining how he was taught to read novel mathematical symbols as if they were hungry predators — Kuai Liang fiddles with the the corner of the placemat splayed before him. A loose thread hangs off the edge, his mind caught between pulling at the string and simply asking for a pair of scissors to trim it with.Within moments, however, Hanzo enters the space carrying the same platter as before, the wooden tray heavy with plates of cabbage pancakes and its plastic cloche absent. Carefully, he lowers the platter onto an empty space on the table — practically on top of the tea tray — and begins serving dinner, bringing the plates smoothly to Kuai Liang’s mat and passing one to Takeda.If he already weren’t so hungry, this would be the turning point for him, now that the okonomiyaki is fully assembled and before him. It looks absolutely indulgent, swathed in dark, thick sauce and coated in thin strips of Japanese mayonnaise. Certainly not a condiment he has often, but he has enjoyed it the small handful of times he has.Takeda struggles to open the new bag of bonito flakes, straining against the plastic as he attempts to tear it apart. Hanzo, after placing Kenshi’s plate in front of him, reaches over and offers to help with an open hand. Appearing disappointed — more in himself than anything else, it appears — he gives the glossy bag to him, and Hanzo opens it with ease, taking the opportunity to teach Takeda how to rip open from the corner. Takeda exclaims with a whispered noise of awe, impressed by Hanzo’s deft hands.Kuai Liang shares the sentiment, though for very different reasons.Around the table, they pass along the flakes, the spice bottle — aonori, or dried seaweed powder, he discovers — and chopped scallions to sprinkle over the top. He finds himself highly fascinated by the way the fish flakes morph above the hot surface of the cake, dancing and fluttering with the rising steam.While they put together the rest of their dinners — Kenshi carefully tracing a finger along the patty’s edge while adding his preferred amount of toppings — Kuai Liang makes a brief comment about the flakes doing a little jig and Takeda responds with mutual enthusiasm. The young boy states it’s his favorite thing about okonomiyaki, even though he doesn’t particularly enjoy the strong, fishy smell.Though Kuai Liang doesn’t agree — an avid lover of both freshwater fish and seafood himself — there’s something cute about the pickiness of a young child’s taste buds.He waits for the cue to begin eating, wishing to be as polite as possible, despite how desperately his stomach rumbles in response to the savory smell of squid and salty scent of oyster sauce. Chopsticks in hand, Kenshi says, “Itadakimasu.” Hanzo and Takeda repeat the phrase and quickly begin eating, severing the okonomiyaki with their utensils. Kuai Liang does the same, savoring his first bite as he chews, keeping his eyes to his plate as Hanzo scolds Takeda for talking with his mouth full. For as amusing as it is, Kuai Liang is unable to shake the feeling that he shouldn't be here. 
 As satisfying and delicious as the meal was — goodness, he could eat two more of those okonomiyaki cakes and plenty of those red bean paste onigiri were he less restrained — that crooked uneasiness continues to weigh heavily in his chest, long after they all have left the table.The anxiety he felt at the beginning of dinner had only intensified as they ate, unhelped by the way Hanzo held himself in his seat, the distant affect he has carried since Kuai Liang's arrival having merely grown in that time. While Takeda and Kenshi shared a lengthy conversation about what they had done that day — Takeda excitedly discussing the game he had played during recess, the details quickly lost on an already-distracted Kuai Liang — Hanzo spoke not a word. It was nearly impossible to get a good look at his eyes as they sat around the cozy dinner table, Kuai Liang only able to observe how the muscles in Hanzo's neck and shoulders sat tense, strained to the point that Hanzo appeared as if he would burst in upset at any moment.Again, he worried that he was overthinking, but the longer he sat there, the clearer it became that he was unable to reconcile the looming tension surrounding him as he ate. It was enough that he struggled to fully enjoy the home-cooked dinner, regardless of how delightful the food was or how painfully hungry he was.Now, gathering together on the plainly-woven sofas, Kuai Liang finds himself unable to relax, having unwillingly absorbed the uncomfortable energy Hanzo has been emitting all evening. He can tell that Hanzo is making a concerted effort to appear unbothered, as normal as any other time they’ve spent together, but every smile on his face is forced and any sentence he speaks is short and to the point.They sit beside one another on the couch — close enough that Kuai Liang could easily bump him in the side with his elbow were he to do so — but Hanzo may as well be on the other side of the living room, hardly acknowledging his existence.He just wishes he knew what went wrong, what he did wrong.Kenshi and Takeda seem unfettered by or even completely oblivious to Hanzo’s detached temperament, chatting away while on the television plays a cartoon about sea creatures, two of them striking outside of a restaurant modeled after a lobster trap. Kuai Liang thinks he’s seen bits and pieces of this cartoon before, catching glimpses of it at the doctor’s office or finding miscellaneous food products with the characters plastered on the packaging, but he knows nearly nothing about it. He has no idea what’s going on in this episode, and even if he were to try and actually watch, he fears he may be too distracted to really pay it any attention.“Are you gonna dress up, Mr. Liang?”Caught with his mind miles away, Kuai Liang stammers as he looks toward Takeda, the boy sitting on the floor with a party store catalog open in his lap. He gazes up at him expectantly. “Forgive me. What was your question?”“For Halloween! Do you have a costume already?”“Oh, I...” Kuai Liang begins, talking without really thinking about what he plans to say. Quite suddenly, he feels sorely out of place, hyperaware of how much of a foreigner he is even in the home of fellow immigrants.“Takeda,” Kenshi starts, his fingers interlocked with one another and resting on his belly. His voice, though patient, is steely in a way Kuai Liang has never heard it. He sits on Hanzo’s other side, his profile visible as Kuai Liang leans forward in his seat to look over to him. “Halloween isn’t for some time.”The statement earns him a brief pout from the boy, the expression bleeding into his words easily. “I know. I’m just curious.”Clearing his throat and crossing a leg over the other, Kuai Liang answers, “I do not celebrate Halloween.”Takeda’s inquisitive grin morphs into a saddened and disappointed frown. “Aw, really? Why not?”For all his years of living in this country, he hasn’t been asked that question before.Truth be told, he technically has celebrated the holiday in the past, having been coerced into joining Tomas at a drunken house party several years prior. He had only gone along with it to appease and keep safe his best friend of many years, considering that Halloween was practically non-existent in China when they were kids and that Tomas was once a rambunctious drunk who had caught himself in more than just a few binds during his twenties.Kuai Liang is thankful that they’ve grown old, earnestly. A life where he doesn’t have to worry about his childhood best friend from doing something youthfully stupid is a desirable one.He hadn’t dressed up for the party — hadn’t the slightest idea what the holiday was really about in the first place back then — and stood awkwardly by the cauldron-shaped punch bowl while an inebriated Tomas tried and failed to sneak up on other partygoers in his cheap, ill-fitted ninja costume. He hadn’t intervened as it had been mindless fun up to the point, and also because he was much more self-conscious about being an immigrant in a way that Tomas simply wasn’t.At one point, Tomas attempted to perform a flashy martial arts kick they had learned as teenagers — specifically, a 720 butterfly twist kick — to show off to the other guests. The key word being “attempted,” as Tomas had barely made one full rotation before crashing to the ground in a heap of floppy limbs and flimsy polyester. Kaui Liang ended up carrying him home that night, Tomas tossed over his shoulder with the finesse of a sack of potatoes, listening to the man snore against his shoulder blade along downtown’s main street.Last year, he considered decorating the parlor in anticipation of the holiday, dressing it up in the standard trappings — decals of witches and black cats, spider webs in the ceiling corners, plastic Jack-o’-lanterns with fake tea lights glowing inside — that he’d seen in other establishments. The lack of time and expendable profits, in addition to the bored and slightly disgusted look Frost gave him at the idea, lead him to not decorating at all.To compensate, the seasonal flavor of pumpkin pie was accompanied by a dark chocolate ice cream — mixed with a combination of black food dye and activated charcoal — and candy corn as a optional topping for a limited time. It wasn’t very popular, but became a brief favorite of a few of his regulars and proved itself a worthy investment. He’ll have to do the same this year.“Um,” Kuai Liang says, “when I grew up in China, we did not have Halloween. I think only foreigners celebrate it there now.” He turns his head in Kenshi and Hanzo’s direction. “From what I understand, it is mostly Americans who observe it, correct?”Kenshi nods his head. “It isn’t popular in Japan, either.”Hanzo says nothing, glossy-eyed stare directed at the television. The anthropomorphic octopus on screen lies flattened like butter on the pavement, completely covered in shoe prints.“Grown-ups like Halloween, too, though! It isn’t just for kids,” Takeda states, the magazine shuddering in his lap as he does a couple bounces on his toes.Kuai Liang smiles, unusually humbled by the child’s attempts to have him participate in such a silly holiday. “I know. My friend Tomas likes Halloween and he’s almost thirty-six.”“Wow, he’s old!”Hanzo’s eyebrow involuntarily twitches, his mouth transforming into a scowl before turning his head toward Takeda. “That is not old, Takeda.”Takeda looks over at him with wide, innocent eyes. “How old are you now?”“I am forty-one today.”“That’s pretty old,” Kenshi quips before his son can reply.Hanzo responds with a solid, backhanded smack on Kenshi’s chest. Kenshi cackles as he leans forward, his laughter becoming mixed with the occasional cold-induced cough. Kuai Liang purses his lips, holding in the snort that threatens to burst through his nose.In the lighthearted moment, the worries over Hanzo’s coldness lift from his mind entirely, and he reaches out to grab Hanzo’s hand. His hopes of expressing his overwhelming affection for the man is dashed quickly, Hanzo pulling his hand away before their skin can even brush against one another.As Hanzo crosses his arms and makes an indignant rebuttal about Kenshi’s own increasing age, the humor drops from Kuai Liang’s face gradually and he attempts to hide the return of the sharp pang of rejection in his chest with a stoic, neutral expression. No one’s eyes land upon him, but he does his best not to wear his heart on his sleeve anyway.The conversation to his left continues on without him, and he sits there for some time, mindlessly pressing his thumb into the meat of his palm. He can’t figure out if Hanzo’s pulling away was simply coincidental or not, but it stings just the same.He zones out for a while, thinking of nothing and everything, staring at the swirling patterns of the rug lying beneath his feet. Whatever Kenshi, Hanzo, and Takeda began talking about, Kuai Liang is entirely oblivious to it, the topic eventually dying out and resigning to the caricatured voices on the television.Kuai Liang is unsure how long he spends contemplating silently, but with the sound of hundreds of cartoon fish screaming pulling him out of his own head, he rises from his seat and heads for the dining room once more. His backpack is just as he left it, hanging limply off the wooden chair.Opening it, he reaches in and immediately lands upon dollar store wrapping paper. Pulling the object out and tapping his finger against the hard outside, Kuai Liang thinks it is quite obvious that a book is hiding beneath the colorful gift wrap; the wrapping dips along one side of the narrow, box-like shape, curving slightly into the empty space left by the cover and the block of pages between it. Any other method of concealing the present would have been for naught, anyway, as putting it in a separate box would be wasteful in his eyes, and simply wrapping it in the box it was shipped in in poor taste. Tacky, even.Hope blooming in his chest, he returns to the living room. Takeda is the first to notice the item in his hands, the boy’s eyebrows lifting high on his forehead as Kuai Liang reclaims his place on the sofa. Clearing his throat, Kuai Liang holds out the gift to Hanzo and waits. Takeda, meanwhile, tosses the magazine onto the floor and stands up, stopping in front of the wide couch to get a good view of the confetti-patterned paper.Kenshi rolls his head along the sofa’s backrest, intrigued. “What is it?”Hanzo, gingerly taking the book in hand, looks at Kuai Liang with subdued surprise. “You need not have gotten me anything.”Kuai Liang releases the book. He doesn’t make eye contact. “I wanted to.”There. That strange, restrained, unreadable expression again. It makes his stomach twinge so deeply he could mistake the pain from being stabbed in the abdomen with a sharp spear.A beat passes between them, Hanzo looking down at the present. Turning it over, Hanzo wedges a finger underneath the edge of the paper and pushes against the strip of tape pinning it down. It rips easily, and he tears the rest off in one single piece.Hanzo positions the book upright in his hands and pauses the read the crimson title written in elegant, serif typeface. Takeda stands on the tips of his toes and peers over, craning his neck to the side so he may read it as well. Hanzo idly swipes his thumb along the front cover of the book, sweeping across the image someone wearing a gi, the stark white garments fading into the equally bright backdrop and contrasted by the black belt keeping it securely in place.For a long moment, no one says a word. Then, Hanzo meets his eyes for the first time that night and gives him a genuine, unfiltered smile.Kuai Liang’s chest feels as if it were about to burst.“You remembered my wanting to read this,” Hanzo says quietly. The way he holds the book in his hands is almost as if he were cradling it, keeping something treasured safe. “This is very thoughtful of you. Thank you.”“Oh,” Kenshi interrupts, “is it the grandmaster’s autobiography?”“It is,” Kuai Liang replies, his voice thick. He had purchased the book only a few days after Hanzo had talked about it during one his visits a couple weeks ago, knowing fully well that his birthday was approaching and struggling to think of what to get for the man.He’d give him the moon if he asked.“A martial arts grandmaster?” Takeda inquires, squeezing himself between Kenshi and Hanzo’s legs on the couch.Hanzo hums in affirmation, tilting the book slightly to give Takeda a better view.Quickly, the boy’s eyes light up, his fists balling up against his chest in excitement. “I wanna read it, too! I bet a master has so many cool stories!”An easy laugh leaves Hanzo’s throat at Takeda’s passion and Kuai Liang remembers why he became so enamored with the man in the first place. He doesn’t know what combination of emotions he is feeling in this moment, so he dismisses even attempting to make sense of it for now. He can agonize over it later.“We can read the best parts together during your bedtime. Does that sound good?” Hanzo asks, wrapping an arm around Takeda’s shoulders.“Mm-hm!”“Will you read me to bed, too, dear?” Kenshi asks, a bold smirk nearly splitting his face in half, unable to hold it in to play it serious.Hanzo parts from Takeda long enough to give Kenshi a flick on the arm, using two fingers to reprimand him for the inappropriate tease. Rubbing the assaulted spot, Kenshi plays up his pain with a beleaguered groan and a fall against the armrest, earning him a fit of giggles from Takeda. It appears that not even on his birthday is Hanzo free from Kenshi’s jokes.Calming from his laughter, Takeda asks, “Can I go play in my room before bed?”Simultaneously, Kenshi and Hanzo say, “Yes.”Before Takeda can shimmy himself off the couch, Kenshi taps the boy on the arm, wordlessly opening his arms for a hug. Takeda practically climbs into his father’s lap for the embrace, giving him a tight squeeze. He then lets go and slides off Kenshi’s knees, his feet landing onto the floor with a muted thud.“Bye, Mr. Liang!” Takeda exclaims, erratically waving a hand. Kuai Liang bids farewell, too, and Takeda beams with delight before running off into the nearby corridor.Despite the lift in the mood, Kuai Liang still feels uneasy. Glancing over to the entertainment center, he spots the glowing clock of the cable box and reads a quarter til eight on its face. The prospects of escaping the situation to give himself space, to allow him just an hour of solitude so that he may think, is almost intoxicating.“It is getting late,” he blurts out, scooting forward on the couch. “I should head home.”Kenshi turns in his direction and sits up. “Well, thank you for joining us for dinner. I’m glad that you were able to make it.”“No, thank you,” Kuai Liang replies, shifting his gaze to Hanzo as he stands. He fumbles with his hands. “Dinner was lovely.”Hanzo rises from his seat as well, his eyes not quite meeting Kuai Liang’s own. “Let me walk you out.” He still holds onto the book, clutching it against the flat of his abdomen.Kuai Liang simply nods and heads for the dining room first, grabbing his backpack and slinging it over his shoulder. Hanzo steps aside to let him lead, the pair of them silently making their way to the front door through the narrow hallway. Kuai Liang is quick to put on his shoes, sliding his feet into the loafers easily.“Um,” Hanzo starts, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. He sighs, then continues, “I apologize for being so absent. The start of the school year, for both Takeda and my students, has been an adjustment.”Unsure of what to say and shamefully afraid that Hanzo may be lying to him — gods, why is it so awkward between them now — Kuai Liang simply waves him off. “I understand.”Mentally kicking himself yet unable to refrain from the potential heartbreak, Kuai Liang leans in for a kiss. Hanzo reciprocates, turning his head slightly so that Kuai Liang’s lips land on the corner of his mouth. Disappointment settles heavily in his gut.When they part, Hanzo tucks a loose lock of his hair behind his ear, the bun atop his head beginning to dishevel. “Things have started to settle at the dojo, and Takeda is acclimating well in his new class. I will do better to talk to you often, like we used to,” he promises.Kuai Liang nods, somehow not believing it. 



Chapter End Notes
:)


FROST
Chapter Summary
It’s a week later. Something is going on with Frost, and despite his own worries, Kuai Liang can’t help but notice.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




As soon as business begins to wane, it is inevitable that they experience a sudden burst in customers over the weekend. It may be a tepid evening on a Sunday, but it is warm enough that the line stretches from the counter to the front entrance, patrons getting their hands on frozen desserts before the autumn brings a rapid drop in temperature.With a slightly bittersweet taste in his mouth, Kuai Liang resigns to the fact that he’ll have to be more mindful of how he spends his money once again. He won’t be able to splurge on any large purchases — even those he needs or greatly benefits from, like his long-awaited bicycle — for some time, at least until spring.The foregone conclusion of a steep drop in sales looms over him like a dense storm cloud. Keeping up with the demand while maintaining the cleanliness of the utensils and restocking candies, cups, and cones threatens to wear out an already weary Kuai Liang, and from the looks of it, Frost, too.He’s sure he looks as fatigued as he did in the mirror that morning — shoulders slumped, eyelids heavy, wrinkles deep — but Frost hardly looks better; while the dark bags sitting beneath her eyes was an unusual sight, he had found himself taken by surprise by her lack of makeup and her hair messily brushed flat atop her head. In the entire time he has known her, he’s never seen her with hair unstyled, having consistently spiked her ghostly locks since the day she came in to fill out a job application.And for as blunt and insubordinate as she opts to be under his management, Frost makes a point to be as cordial as a teenager with blue hair and a constant frown affixed to her face can be. Today, though, her customer service finds itself wanting, her tone ever polite yet interactions short and remarkably one-sided. Typically, she engages in small talk with most of the patrons despite her loathing for what she refers to as a "mindless waste of energy," but not once had he heard her ask the question of "how are you today?' or answering when the same question is asked of her.As equally curious and concerned as he is for the young woman, the combination of the influx of customers occupying their efforts completely and his own worries drowning out his own thoughts has made it nigh impossible to find an appropriate opportunity to check on her.Of course, there is also the very high and very real possibility that she'd sooner run into freeway traffic than share her personal issues with her middle-aged boss.Regardless, Kuai Liang valiantly attempts to focus his mind on the tasks at hand, doing his best to compensate for Frost’s lack of small talk with the customers while she prepares their orders. Unfortunately, despite their hard work, they both seem to be feeding on the other’s low energy, and by the second hour of the rush, he feels about ready to crash onto the floor beneath his feet.If he had the luxury, he would’ve kept the shoppe closed today. In spite of the promise Hanzo had made him, he hasn’t heard a word from the man since they — awkwardly — celebrated his birthday the Monday before last, Kuai Liang’s message from the previous Wednesday having been read without a response. Because of it, for the past few days he feels like something important had been scooped out of him, as if he had lost something dearly treasured. It’s enough for Kuai Liang to want to bury himself in his bedsheets past his clock’s alarm, hiding from the sound of its screeching and the blaring brightness of the morning sun.He is thankful that the dipping cabinets keep him cool. Otherwise, he doesn’t think he’d have been able to get away with not taking a shower that morning, having forced himself to roll out of bed only fifteen minutes before opening up shop.Part of him is envious of Frost as she shuffled into the parlor with damp hair, the stray drop or two falling onto the pastel fabric of her button-down shirt. She may not have had time to get ready as she regularly does, but she was at least able to make the time to wash herself. He can’t help but feel grungy in otherwise clean clothes, exacerbated by the brisk walk from his apartment to Dragon’s Ice leading to a sizable patch of sweat soaking the back of his shirt.For all his absent-mindedness and drained energy, he and Frost make it through the post-dinner flood, customer counts dwindling down to the single digits as quickly as it all started. He breathes an audible sigh of mixed relief and exhaustion once Frost finises ringing up the last customer in line, only a few stragglers still seated in the dining area. Frost glances over at him yet says nothing, returning her jaded gaze to the cash register and pressing the “dine out” button to release the drawer.As she calculates the total amount of credit card tips written on the merchant receipts, Kuai Liang decides now is likely the best time as any. With a wash cloth in hand, he wipes down the narrow counter of the dipping cabinet and opens his mouth to speak. “Frost—”Just as he gains her attention, the front entrance announces the arrival of another patron with a soundly ring of the bell. Cutting himself off, he looks up to see Raiden approaching the counter, hair no longer worn loosely along either side of his head and instead tied back into a simple ponytail. His hands rest folded against his stomach, the wrinkle-free blazer buttoned above. His shoulders are squared, back straight, and head held high.Even years after meeting the man, Kuai Liang is still impressed by how intensely Raiden commands a room.“Hello, Kuai Liang,” Raiden says as he stops in front of the cabinet, giving a slight nod. He turns to Frost and greets her similarly, a small knot suddenly forming on his forehead as he speaks. “You two appear quite fatigued this evening.”“Hello, Raiden,” Kuai Liang greets the same time Frost scoffs in annoyance, grabbing the calculator in one hand and the stack of receipts in the other before leaving for the back kitchen. He watches as she disappears behind the open doorway.Kuai Liang feels himself sag even more that he had already been, yet Raiden looks unfazed when he returns his gaze to the man. If anything, the line between Raiden’s brows became slightly deeper, concern becoming slowly evident on his face.Forcing his posture in proper position, Kuai Liang shifts to the side and takes a cup from the top of the stack sitting beside the register. “Your regular, I assume?”“Yes,” Raiden replies hesitantly, a frown now having fully formed on his lips. “Are the two of you alright?”Letting out a sigh on impulse, Kuai Liang pulls the sorbet scoop off of the hook, carving and rolling out a pair of scoops slower than he would like. His body seems to be catching up to his mind, his limbs heavy as if he were wearing cement blocks for gloves.Wiping the utensil clean on a damp washcloth and gingerly placing Raiden’s order on the dipping cabinet’s shelf, he replies, “My private life has become... increasingly distressing. As for Frost, she has not told me, so I can only make assumptions.”Raiden pauses thoughtfully, breaking eye contact. He takes the paper cup in hand and maneuvers to stand before the register.Kuai Liang waits for Raiden to pull out his wallet from his back pants pocket and produce the exact payment — three single dollar bills, a quarter, a dime, and a nickel — as he has so consistently done, but Raiden merely stands there, looking off somewhere in the distance.Unfamiliar with such a pensively contemplative Raiden and unsure what to say to break the strange silence, Kuai Liang awkwardly fumbles with the loops of his apron’s belt knot as he prevents himself from staring. It doesn’t help that he already feels insignificant, but having to look up at Raiden in order to meet his eyes merely serves to make him feel even smaller.Landing his gaze onto an occupied table, Kuai Liang watches a pair of patrons rise from their chairs, one of them tossing their spoon into the trash before slinging an arm over their companion’s shoulders. They affectionately knock foreheads as they leave the shoppe and Kuai Liang feels his heart pang in his chest.“Is this about Master Hanzo?”Kuai Liang returns his gaze to a patient Raiden. Had he been asked even two weeks ago, he’d have turned into a flustered mess, readily embarrassed that his own infatuation of the man was common knowledge of the routine people in his life. Now, the question just hurts.He sighs again, defeated. “Yes.”“Has something happened?” Raiden asks, gently wrapping both hands around the plain white bowl.Kuai Liang hardly has the energy to glower further. “I do not know. He is suddenly distant from me. We have not spoken in a week.” His entire body sinks under the weight of that fact while a strange uneasiness builds up in his chest. Should he even be speaking with Raiden about this? Are they close enough where this is an appropriate discussion for them to have? He hadn’t ever thought about what Raiden is to him other than a loyal customer and a pleasant conversationalist.Raiden’s look of concern remains on his face, pressing his lips together into a thin line. He ducks his head slightly and a few strands of loose hair fall forward. “Admittedly, you know Hanzo better than I do,” he starts, averting his eyes to a spot on the dipping cabinet window as he falls quiet once more.Kuai Liang awaits patiently, dragging the nail of his thumb against the weaving of his apron’s belt as he wonders what kind of wisdom could be bestowed upon him here.Love is, in many ways, unexplored territory for Kuai Liang. He has had a significant other before — dearest Yuanjun — but a secretive high school romance just seems like worlds apart from an adult relationship, especially one that he doesn’t have to hide out of fear of disgust and rejection from those around him. For all his life experience — losing his brother, emigrating out of China, starting a business from the ground up in a foreign country — he feels much like a child in regards to relationships, ignorant of how these kinds of connections should be navigated and is emotionally stunted because of it.It is unlike him to ask for help, but he is doubtful of his abilities to handle Hanzo’s distancing in a healthy way. He becomes overwhelmed with the need for guidance and briefly hopes that Raiden could fulfill that wish.After a moment, Raiden sighs and finishes his sentence. “I fear I cannot be of much help to you in this situation, particularly with regard to Hanzo’s mindset in this circumstance.”Kuai Liang deflates.“However,” Raiden says, parting one of his hands from the bowl. He steps forward until his body is nearly flush with the register cabinet and brings his hand to Kuai Liang’s shoulder. “I would be happy to support you in any way that I am able. Love will lead the way, Kuai Liang.”Raiden’s kind yet firm grip on his shoulder is warm and the most encouraging gesture he ask for at this moment.He has never had a proper parental figure. As a child, the manager of group home was stretched across too many children to grant him the proper attention, so going to Bi-Han for direction and affection remained his exclusive means of emotional support. The two of them were close — he has little doubt of that, even years after the man’s sudden disappearance — but his brother actively opposed any claim of fatherhood despite having raised him since the age of three. That hadn’t changed up to the day he vanished.Perhaps it is a foolish train of thought, but Raiden is possibly the closest to a father figure that Kuai Liang has and will ever have. Gratitude wells up in the form of a lump in his throat and it becomes just a little bit harder to breathe. “Thank you, Raiden.”“Certainly,” he replies, smiling warmly.Once Raiden pulls his hand away and reaches for his back pocket, Kuai Liang quickly inputs the order into the register. The drawer ejects with a clear “ding!’ sound and Kuai Liang murmurs the total unnecessarily, both of them well aware of the price for two scoops of lemon sorbet. Still, a good habit to have, telling his patrons how much they owe.“You said that you do not know why Frost appears so downtrodden this evening,” Raiden says, stating more than questioning. He pulls out several single dollar bills — the notes shuddering between his fingers — and the exact change from the wallet pocket.Kuai Liang simply nods, holding out his hand to receive the tender.Raiden smoothly lays the notes in Kuai Liang’s hands and tops them off with the coins, shutting the bi-fold wallet closed with a soundly snap. He takes a wooden spoon and sticks it in the sorbet. “You should speak with her.”It is a challenge to keep himself from visibly wincing. “As much as I would like to,” Kuai Liang starts, counting the cash quickly before inserting it into the register, “and as strange as her demeanor is, even for her, I doubt she will divulge me with a single detail.” It had already been hard enough getting anything out of her a few months ago. Again, freeway traffic.“I realize that she is quite taciturn, but my intuition tells me that you may find yourself surprised.”Kuai Liang, pushing the drawer closed until a click reaches his ears, doesn’t know what to say to that. So, he says nothing.“Thank you, Kuai Liang. I give you my deepest wishes.” Raiden takes a step back and gives him a slight bow, ponytail falling forward from his shoulder with the motion.Kuai Liang mirrors him in kind. “Thank you.”Raiden rises from his bow and lifts a hand in farewell, turning and leaving through the door only a moment after.The comforting energy that effortlessly radiates off of Raiden quickly melts away as the door slowly swings closed, but Kuai Liang finds that he doesn’t mind so much. He feels just a little less anxious than he did before, a small piece of that dread replaced by the resolve — or, at least, some semblance of it — to reach out to Frost.He’ll wait, however. The last thing he would want to do is have her feel cornered, and he’d rather ask when she’s clocking out, so she at least has an out. She’d likely just ignore him and maybe even leave outright if she wished, but he can at least give her the courtesy. 
 Ice cream tub in hand, Kuai Liang rinses out the container at the back of the kitchen, soap suds dyed mint green as the water flows into the drain. With the dining lights shut off and the key to the front door tucked away in his pocket, he and Frost only have a few minutes left before all the work needing to be done will be exhausted and they are free to go home.For the first time since the start of summer, he’ll be able to get both of them out by half past nine. He’s certain Frost will appreciate that, and perhaps more so tonight than she would typically enjoy being sent home earlier than scheduled.After he dumps the last of the soapy water out of the the container and gives it one more quick rinse, Kuai Liang takes in a deep breath. He turns around, and, with soft and mindful steps, approaches Frost as she takes inventory of the storage cabinets. Standing to her right, he glances at the clipboard in her hand and discovers that not only is she nearly finished filling out the form, but her handwriting is both messier and larger than normal.Too polite to interrupt her work — and having a preference for the numbers to be accurate — Kuai Liang waits as she calculates the total amount of condensed milk cans in the freezer, silently doing the math in her head before scribbling twenty-eight on the empty line.When he opens his mouth to speak and struggles to find the words — still highly uncertain of how to broach the subject with someone as prideful as her — Frost lets out a hard, beleaguered sigh. She keeps her eyes pointed at the inventory form as she asks, "What do you want?"Taken aback, Kuai Liang stammers on the single-syllable word "are" before pausing to reset. A couple seconds later and his thoughts back in order, he apologizes, "Sorry. I wish to speak with you."Frost doesn't respond for an elongated moment, counting the jugs of heavy cream and absentmindedly pointing at each container with the pencil in her hand. While she fills out another box of basic equations, she finally responds, her voice sharp but her fatigue pulling it down with dead weight, “About what?”He empathizes. Side-stepping to get a better look at her face, Kuai Liang scans her eyes — refusing to make contact — for a moment. He wraps his hand around the wrist of his opposite arm and holds them at his front. “Are you doing alright? You seem... distressed.”“Why? You don’t look so hot yourself,” Frost says, brushing off his concern and moving to the preparation table, using the tip of the pencil to scan her work from top to bottom.She isn’t wrong, but for as awful as he has felt for the past week, he can’t exactly help his worrying over her well-being, too. He cares about her, as shy as he is to admit it and as loathe as she would be to hear it.Once she’s reached the end of the list, she tosses the pencil carelessly onto the counter. Pushing down on the clip handle, she removes the form hastily, only to tear the entire sheet in half from the metal fastener’s edge.Frost simply stands there, slightly hunched, torn piece in hand and her head hanging over the clipboard.The silence that fills the space settles over them with the thickness of wet snow, oppressive in his already-weathered state.Softly, he speaks again. “Frost.”Her head tilts away from him for a second, her shoulders taut and her back stiff. Then, straightening her posture and lifting her head, she finally looks up and meets his eyes. They stay focused on one another for some time, not a word passing between them as he — and seemingly Frost, as well — wait for the other to break first.Eventually, Frost is the first to surrender, yielding to Kuai Liang’s stare with a sigh, rotating her body to lean her hip against the table. Her lids fall shut and she rubs at her eyes with her left hand, the ripped form still clasped in her right.Having proverbially won their impromptu contest in stubbornness, Kuai Liang organizes his thoughts, deliberating on the best word choice for what he wishes to say to her.“You do not want to talk about it, I know, but...” Kuai Liang begins again, anxiously shifting his weight from one foot to the other, “but I also know that you take your work seriously and would not be struggling like this unless something was troubling you.”“And I know that you aren’t going to let it go,” she says, the usual biting tone he’d expect from her just not there. She sighs once more, brushing gel-free hair out of her face. Eye contact remains scarce — as it so often is for her — but he knows better than to take it personally. “I just... I have a lot going on at home, at school.”Kuai Liang remains silent, nodding to let her know that he’s listening. He could press further, but knowing that she trusts him enough to divulge even just that amount of basic information signifies massive progress in their relationship.Secretly — so deeply that he will never tell her this directly — he wishes to be closer to her, already considering Frost a ward of his of sorts; he feels a particular responsibility for his single employee that exceeds that of an employer. He’s never had children and likely never will — admittedly, he believes he’s too old to raise an infant to adulthood — but he always liked the idea of fatherhood, or at the very least of being an honorary uncle to any children who may enter his life.He wouldn’t necessarily want to rear Frost — for as independent and self-sufficient as she is, she doesn’t need to be raised, just financially supported — but it would make him overwhelmingly happy for her to come to him for guidance, to see him as a family figure she can trust.In an ideal world, he’d like to be one of Takeda’s caregivers, too.He should probably hold back on all the projection. It'll just lead him to further heartache at this rate.Frost grips onto the edge of the preparation table until her knuckles look blanched. “I’m starting college early; almost two years early. I’ve already submitted and paid for ten applications. The process is fine, I can handle that, it's just… I hate waiting and not knowing. I hate the uncertainty."Kuai Liang is unable to stop his brows from shooting up his forehead at the number of applications. He never went to university, so he's highly divorced from the application progress, but he can empathize with the pressure. Waiting for his green card approval was like constantly walking a tightrope, unsure when he'd make it to the other side."Then there's everything that comes after that," Frost continues, her voice growing more and more unsteady with every word, "like the tuition, the debt… scholarships look promising, but they’re never a guarantee, you know? I just..."Frost's eyes glimmer with tears and Kuai Liang nearly launches himself into a full-body panic.Scrambling, Kuai Liang hastily steps in front of her, putting his hands up and out like she had injured herself and he was scared to even try looking for the wound, not wanting to hurt her accidentally. He's hardly seen her smile, let alone seen her bottom lip quiver as she holds back tears."Hey, hey…" Kuai Liang soothes awkwardly, wanting to comfort her and entirely ignorant on how to do so. "It was awful of me to push you. I apologize." His own voice sounds so stilted and clumsy to him that he fears he comes across as strange — or rather, stranger than Frost already thinks him to be. Maybe one day he’ll unlearn being so formal by default.Instead, she just shrugs, wiping her nose along the length of her arm. “I’m just too ambitious for my own good, I guess,” Frost says, blinking away the tears threatening to fall down her face.“No,” Kuai Liang replies, firmer than he intended yet not faltering, “your success is born from your ambition. You are a hard worker, and, from what I have seen, a phenomenal student. Every day I look forward to working with you because of your discipline and drive to accomplish your goals.”Frost’s hold on the table softens. She looks up at him as if he had punched the air from her lungs, but within a few moments she lets out a laugh that sounds caught between a sigh and a huff. Even with her gaze torn away, the smallest of grins lingers on her face. “Thanks, boss.”The corners of his lips pull similarly. “Of course. I mean it wholeheartedly.”Frost merely nods, twisting slightly to drop the piece of ripped paper onto the clipboard. Neither of them say anything for a while, Frost crossing her arms and contemplating, a soft grin stuck on her face. Kuai Liang thinks that she might not even be cognizant of the smile she wears, but he wouldn’t dare say a word. If he pointed it out, he fears she would become discouraged or even annoyed for being open about her emotions.Kuai Liang makes the motion to turn around and continue washing dirty dishware, satisfied that he has an answer to why his single employee appears so off this evening, but is halted by Frost’s voice calling at his back. “What’s going on with you?”“Huh?”“You probably think I’ve been acting weird, but seriously, what about you? You seem really depressed.”Any energy that Kuai Liang had remaining in his body becomes flushed in a single instant, and he leans against the archway jamb beside the prep table. Depressed is as accurate as a descriptor as any. Defeated sits at a very close second. “You are not incorrect.”The contentment that had settled on Frost’s face is replaced by a terse frown. Her stare is intense and unwavering, listening, awaiting.As afflicted with grief and confusion as he is, Frost’s willingness to hear him out gives his chest a swelling sensation of gratitude. She’s a good kid, albeit with an attitude.“I fear that my relationship with Hanzo is to be short-lived,” Kuai Liang admits, his shoulders slumping. He massages the fleshy dip in his palm with the pad of his thumb. “This is area of inexperience for me and I do not know how to...” He cuts himself off with a sigh, vulnerable and fearing he’s breaching the boundaries of their relationship much further than he can allow.Frost stares at him. “Are you talking about the pretty boy?”Before, the nickname would make him laugh. He can’t find the humor in it now, the spirit of it lost. “Yes.”Furrowing her brow, she sucks her teeth. “Listen, I don’t know what it’s like being an old gay man,” Frost says, earning a confused grimace from Kuai Liang. She continues, his pained expression flowing off her back like water to a duck, “or what exactly you’re dealing with when it comes to that guy, but I’d wager relationships are the same for everyone: you just need to talk.”He wonders how much experience she has in the realm of dating and romance. More than him most likely.Though, that isn’t much of an achievement, he’d argue.She’s right, though, and he tells her as such. “I will have to try harder, then. Talking can be a challenge for me.”He expects some kind of snarky remark from Frost — “yeah, that’s an understatement, boss” — but she says nothing, her mouth twisted into a thoughtful frown.Uncomfortable that his problems regarding his love life are the center of discussion, Kuai Liang changes the subject with a forced clearing of his throat. “If you need it,” he begins, fixing his demure posture and restoring his managerial demeanor, “you are welcome to take time off.”Frost appears unconvinced, her head tilted to the left just so. “You sure?”“Absolutely. Business is already slowing.”It takes her some time, but eventually she nods. “Okay, boss. Thank you.”Feeling about ready to pass out on the floor, Kuai Liang smiles anyway. “Any time.”



Chapter End Notes
Hello, everyone! Hope you're doing well, or at the very least better than Liang and Frost. I'm happy I was able to get this chapter out as soon as I was able to! October may be a rocky spot for updates as I'm going to be working on my grad school applications, but it is still my goal to have confectionery finished by the end of the year!Because of that, I wanted to make a small announcement and say that I am currently looking for at least one beta reader for confectionery's last few chapters. I currently do all of the editing on my own and errors have slipped past me several times before publishing, so I'd like to minimize that as much as possible during the final stretch of this project.However, I am looking for people who have commented on my work in the past, as I am pretty private about my writing until it is ready for publishing. If interested, please send me a DM on twitter! Also, I'd like to thank doobler for allowing me to use his lovely art for this chapter's cover image! ♡


KUAI LIANG
Chapter Summary
It’s Thursday. Stress from work and the lack of communication from Hanzo makes Kuai Liang reach his breaking point.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The last time he can remember being plagued with such terrible anxiety was over eight years ago, back when he had finally moved to the United States after years of waiting for approval to migrate. The stakes were so high then, barely having enough money to afford to rent the small little store space that now houses Dragon’s Ice. It took months for business to pick up, and for almost a solid year, he slept on a cheap futon in the cramped back office until he was able to rent an apartment.It was entirely possible — likely, even — that the parlor would go under and he’d be homeless in a foreign country, a stranger to everyone. He was lucky that Tomas had decided to move to the same west coast town not long after he settled down, just in case things went upside down.Today, the only risk is to his heart and it’s enough to keep him up at night.Not enough, it seems, to keep him awake during his shift.The weather took a noticeable drop in temperature late Sunday night, the chill creeping into the next morning and bringing with it a dense sheet of fog over the neighborhood until noon. The climate change was accompanied by an appropriate decline of customers that has since lasted through the rest of the week.Breaking his own rules, Kuai Liang mindlessly browses the news on his phone in an attempt to stave off a miserable combination of boredom, fatigue, and restlessness. Usually, he has a particular talent in finding work to do around the store regardless of the circumstances, but willing himself to search for something to do sounds as difficult as it was to get out of bed that morning.It feels redundant to wish for Frost’s presence in the store, the teenager having requested the afternoon off to focus on her studies and planning out potential trips to tour the universities she’s applied for. As happy as he was to grant her time off to focus on school, he misses her company, having felt a particular sense of peacefulness around her since their heart-to-heart on Sunday night. Even if she were here, though, one of them would be out of work to do regardless, the other being more than capable to attend to any cleaning or maintenance needed around the shoppe.As such, he had since accomplished much of the sanitation duties of that day, the mornings already a desolate time slot for an ice cream parlor. That isn’t to say that he has had zero customers since opening — though it may feel that way between visits — but they have all been scattered enough that he may as well have opened two hours later than he had.This kind of arduously slow business is par for the course in selling ice cream, a fact he knew but hadn’t really learned its lesson about until Dragon’s Ice had entered its first autumn season. He’s used to it by now, should potentially be thankful for the break after the chaos that was a remarkably hot summer, but the mind-numbing quality of an empty ice cream parlor can ease his aching heart from Hanzo’s continued silence.It’s all he’s been able to think of today — and every day before it, at least since before Hanzo’s birthday — and he worries that he just might go insane if he can’t scrounge up some kind of distraction soon.However, every news story he’s been coming across is either painfully mundane or dreadfully horrific, reminding him of how deep his empathy runs and exactly why he prefers to avoid the news in general. The reality of it only serves to stress him further. With a sigh, Kuai Liang shoves his phone in his back pocket, grabbing a nearby damp rag to wipe down the spotless front counter for the third time that hour.There’s little reason to make himself look busy; the dining area is as empty as the kitchen is, not another soul occupying the humble establishment to keep him company. Anything to keep him busy, to keep himself from reading another terrible story about the suffering of people he’s never met in a country he’s never been to, to avoid ruminating further on what makes him so undesirable that Hanzo would cut contact with him so bluntly.To compound his stresses, he’s found that every person who’s entered the parlor today has been polite yet noticeably short with him, all his attempts at small talk being deflected with simple “yes,” “no,” and “thanks” in response. The tip jar is notably barren, too, with only a small handful of nickels and a pair of one dollar notes tucked inside. He isn’t sure what it is — be it the dreariness of the weather or the depressive energy he has been undoubtedly emanating for days on end — but no one seems to want to give him the time of day.It isn’t helped that none of his favorite regulars have made a visit today either. No Raiden and his shock of white hair, no Johnny and his disgustingly excessive ice cream orders, not a single glimpse of the regal woman adorned in white and gold or the pair of friendly cops who spend more time bickering amongst one another than eating their ice cream and sorbet.Not even those he would consider his least favorite regulars — including the strange man with the burgundy hat who demands coffee ice cream regardless of the season — have made an appearance. At this point, he’d ask for any familiar face to walk through this door, if only to salve his boredom, his loneliness for just five minutes.His phone feels like a cinderblock in his pocket, a bone-deep itch digging in his brain to pull it out and dial Hanzo’s number. How comforting it would be to hear his voice, to catch the rare chuckle or two amidst their conversation, as if nothing had changed at all. How cathartic it would be to demand to be told what he did wrong and what he must do to fix it, but knowing full well that the other man is much too busy to attend to his messages or calls at this hour.Clearly, he’s always preoccupied, if his extended silence is anything to go by.With bitterness and sorrow filling the hollow in his chest, Kuai Liang entertains the idea of closing shop early just to confront Hanzo at his dojo, willfully airing out his pain to strangers comprised of young students and seasoned teachers. The thought gives him a vindictive rush, but that intoxicating surge of emotion is quickly smothered by shame, chiding himself for the foolishness of it all.He doesn’t even know where the training center is, nor does he have sufficient knowledge of Hanzo’s schedule, already so engulfed in the demands and responsibilities of his own day-to-day itinerary. The subject of their careers was a mainstay of their conversations, but Kuai Liang can’t recall anything about Hanzo’s agenda apart from a broad estimation based on phone call and text message timestamps.Giving the counter a final swipe, Kuai Liang makes a defeated walk to the back, dragging the heels of his shoes with every step. It takes what feels like both a lifetime and a split second to arrive at the industry-quality sink, but Kuai Liang simply continues with the mindless task, the hot water valve squeaking painfully as he turns on the tap. In spite of his efforts to distract himself as he wrings the hand towel — finding soothing comfort in the heat over his weathered hands, listening to the sound of the water hitting the bottom of the metal sink basin, staring at the flecks of dirt as they swirl into the drain — his eyes unfocus and his ears fill with white noise.The only thing to bring him back to the world of the living from his fatigue-induced trance is the burning sensation on his hands. Kuai Liang pulls away from the steaming water with a hiss through gritted teeth. Shutting off the water with a shove of his hand, Kuai Liang wrings out the water from the rag before hanging it over the sink edge.He has been considerably absent-minded as of late, but never having injured himself because of it until today. He huffs out another frustrated sigh, heading back toward the front to lean against the preparation table, keeping an eye on the entrance as he pulls out his phone once again.Even though he has no new notifications, Kuai Liang taps open the messaging app anyway. The list is short, displaying only five individual message histories, one of which is a group chat between him, Johnny, and who he thinks is Jackson Briggs, but isn’t entirely sure. The top of his list sits his conversation with Hanzo, his last message still simply marked as “delivered” since he sent it over a week prior.The small number of people he interacts with on a regular basis is almost sobering, highlighting just how little meaningful social interaction he has, so embroiled in the demands of work and keeping his head above water that he hardly has time for himself, let alone to spend with loved ones like Tomas more than once a month.Staring at the device for so long that — were his eyes of a supernatural quality — he’d have melted a hole through the glass, plastic, and small metal components that make up his phone, Kuai Liang ponders his next decision meticulously.It would be overbearing of him to send Hanzo more texts when he has yet to read one from days ago, and on the other side of the spectrum, it would be horrifically out of line yet cathartic for him to drown the other man’s phone in missed calls and fill his voicemail box with messages. The end result would also most certainly ensure Hanzo’s avoidance of him permanently, regardless of its purposeful nature or not.With Hanzo being a non-option at this time of day and during these circumstances, Kuai Liang taps the back arrow at the top of his screen and selects Tomas’ conversation history. While undoubtedly the single person he talks to the most, Tomas and Kuai Liang still only occasionally communicate through text, partial to hearing each other voices either over the phone or face-to-face more than anything else. As such, the last message between them is Tomas’ about a particular patron at the smoke shop with questionable fashion tastes, his remarks highlighted by his profile image.Kuai Liang rarely takes photos, and with but one exception, does not bother to set images for his phone contacts. Tomas, being his longest and most beloved friend, is the single person to break the sea of faceless names in his contacts, his profile bearing the image of him passed out drunk in Kuai Liang's couch, the opening of his emptied bottle of beer resting firmly against his nostril. It is Kuai Liang's favorite photograph of Tomas, but not even the humorous sight of the humiliating image can elicit a chuckle out of him this afternoon.Usually, he'd reach out to his best friend in times of distress, as he is far from reluctant to ask Tomas for an ear when he feels the need to vent, readily reciprocating the offer when Tomas needs it. Today, however, the prospect comes across as intrusive, recalling Tomas' disappointment in Kuai Liang seemingly — and accurately — only ever wanting to talk about Hanzo and paying little else any mind lately. How unbecoming and rude it would be to call his friend just to complain about his already rocky love life.And, much like with Hanzo, Kuai Liang has no idea what Tomas' schedule is like, his shifts regularly in flux to accommodate the demands of retail, the handful of odd jobs he takes to fill in the gaps between paychecks, and the hours he volunteers at the animal shelter. Were he to text or even call, he couldn't be guaranteed a timely response, and what he needs right now is both a willing individual he trusts to unleash his woes upon and some kind of distraction from the atrophying mundanity of an ice cream shop on a chilly autumn day.The issue — adding upon a growing mountain of problems that he doesn't know where to even begin chiseling upon — is who does he go to if not Tomas? His prospects begin nearly at zero, his being a reclusive workaholic with introverted tendencies and a dramatic facial scar that irks even the most open-minded of people not exactly creating opportunities to make new friends.His first instinct is to call Hanzo, a fleeting thought that lasts as long as the time it takes to say the man's name. It is quickly replaced by tired resignation. How cruel, he thinks, his life must be for Hanzo to be his heart's immediate draw.Raiden was kind enough to offer his support — a gesture that he continues to disbelieve regarding its kindness from, realistically, someone who is no more than an acquaintance to him — but even with the proposition, Kuai Liang remains hesitant. It would be unfair in his eyes to drown Raiden in his worries when he doesn't even know the man's surname.Looking at his active messages, he spots Johnny's conversation once again and becomes drawn to the chat log. Opening it, his thumb wavers above the text box, debating on if the decision to reach out to an action film star he isn't particularly close to is the smartest idea he's had as of late. Thinking aloud, Kuai Liang murmurs, “Just need Hanzo’s schedule.”Pressing down on the slim white box and pulling up the keyboard, Kuai Liang begins typing out something more akin to a formal letter than a simple text message, prefacing his request with the presentation of his name, doubtful that Johnny had saved his phone number after the birthday party commission. As politely as possible, he requests if Johnny is knowledgeable of Hanzo’s work schedule or, at the very least, has Kenshi’s contact information that he’d be willing to share.Strangely nervous, he firmly taps on the “send” button and pushes himself off the table. No more than a minute after tcking his phone away in his pocket, it vibrates. As he digs for the device once again, it buzzes twice in his hand, notification after notification stacking on the lock screen.Johnny — as he should’ve remembered — is the type to send messages before the full thought is complete, each question, statement, or exclamation its own individual entity. He also isn’t partial to capitalization or punctuation, some of his messages in the past becoming riddles for Kuai Liang to decipher and solve. His response begins with of course i have your number man!! and proceeds into three additional texts reading why??? and did something happen?? and idk his hours but kenshi should lemme get his number, respectively.While Kuai Liang is reading the messages best compared to chicken scratch, a chat bubble with a bouncing ellipsis remains, a unexpected swell of anticipation growing in his chest. Another buzz and there arrives a string of seven digits, helpfully linked for him to quickly save to his contacts, and the words anything else i can do to help?? sitting casually beside it.The offer is enough to make his eyes tear up, so unused to such selflessness from recently-made friends. He replies with words of gratitude, pausing in his typing to ponder what else he could ask for and if his deep-seated sense of dignity will allow him to even request more support. After a moment, he succumbs to his pride and tells him both not to worry, making a promise that they will get together to play catch-up sometime soon.Truthfully, he’s missed Johnny’s larger-than-life attitude, not having seen him since the trip to the beach a couple months prior. He often has to remind himself that Johnny is, very specifically, Johnny Cage of Ninja Mime, Tommy Scissorfists, and Dragon Fist fame. With wealth and stardom comes the additional privileges of choosing exactly who you surround yourself with, and it would be very easy for Johnny to outright ignore anyone below the rungs of the upper class.And yet, he seems more than comfortable living in a small mountain town only a few dozens of miles south of the northern border rather than Los Angeles or Manhattan. Apart from the glitz, money, and notoriety, Johnny is nothing but a father doing everything he can to give his child a prosperous life and a civilian eager to help his friends, family, and community in any way he is able.The fact that Johnny has decided to welcome him — someone who makes his living making and selling ice cream by the scoop — is the most validating experience he’s had since his request to migrate was approved.One more buzz against his hands brings his eyes back into focus, blinking away the moisture building up in his tear ducts. Beside a plain blue icon simply displaying the initials JC, Kuai Liang reads no worries man! really though if you need anything else i can always make time to help out.Kuai Liang finds himself smiling despite the aching in his chest, not only due to Johnny’s eager willingness to lend a helping hand, but also because it is the first time Johnny has messaged him in a single text.Tapping the underlined phone number, he opens a new conversation and begins typing, doing his best to compose something short and concise. He just hopes Kenshi has the answers he doesn’t.  This is an incredibly stupid idea.As risk-averse as he is, cycling hurriedly halfway across town to confront Hanzo at his home has to be the most reckless, foolish, and selfish thing he has ever done.And yet, he’s doing it anyway, powered through sheer desperation and heartache.While he was relieved to discover that Kenshi did, in fact, have thorough knowledge of Hanzo’s work schedule, the oppressive feeling of worry merely thickened in his chest when Kenshi admitted he had no idea why Hanzo had grown distant. Without his asking, however, Kenshi made the offer to give Kuai Liang an opportunity to speak to Hanzo in person, and Kuai Liang thought he was close to crying once again.Within half an hour, Kenshi and Johnny had worked together to contrive a reason for Hanzo to be alone at home, the entire planning process unbeknownst to him yet the end result cleanly explained to him: Johnny will pick up Kenshi before Takeda gets out of school, picking up the young boy from school instead of having him board the bus home as he typically does, then head for the Cage-Blade residence for an impromptu chat for Sonya and Kenshi and a sleepover for the kids, who coincidentally don’t have school on Fridays. Hanzo will arrive home a few hours afterward, left to his own devices while the Takahashi family members enjoy a night in with their prestigious friends.The fact that everything that could make this happen had all fallen into place at the right time makes his head spin, but he tries to be simply thankful for it rather than questioning the logistics or probabilities of it all. When it all comes down to it, he’s just lucky Kenshi already had the day off.It is still monumentally obtuse of him to arrive unannounced like this — even with or maybe explicitly because of Kenshi’s blessing to do so — but he cannot think of any other way to talk to someone who has effectively dropped all communication with him.Not having taken a few extra minutes to change out of his work clothes, Kuai Liang feels himself sweat as he rushes down the bike lane, letting his feet rest on the pedals as he gains speed down the slight incline of the road. He’s certain that he will smell anything but pleasant once he’s reached the cozy suburban home, but is unable to give it any about of care or worry.Before, whenever he knew he was about to see Hanzo, he agonized over the tightness of his shirt collar or the way that one stubborn lock of hair fell on his forehead. Now, all he can think about is why Hanzo won’t just tell him what’s wrong, of what he did and how he could fix it.His stomach twists uncomfortably as he swiftly rounds a corner, standing as he works to regain momentum along the residential streets. Under his heaving breath — each exhale turning into visible vapor in the cold night air — he mumbles the names of the streets, searching for the way to Hanzo and Kenshi’s home in the recesses of his memory. Mind clouded by dejection, Kuai Liang had foolishly forgotten to retrieve the printout of directions from his backpack. He may have made the trip twice before, but sometimes that isn’t enough to commit it to memory.Fingers metaphorically crossed, Kuai Liang can only pray that he remembers as he makes another turn, cycling deeper into the neighborhood along its winding streets.The wind is chilly but gentle, the sound of the rustling tree leaves — those still on the branches and the rest fluttering along the pavement — just barely audible over the clicking of his bicycle’s chain. Already partial to the cold and working up a sweat as he pushes up a hill, Kuai Liang hardly notices the low temperature breezing over his skin. His mind being miles away from these neighborhood intersections and their canopied streets certainly helps in keeping him distracted.Hanzo has enchanted his thoughts for so long, he’s nearly forgotten what it was like not being underneath someone’s spell.He wouldn’t have it any other way, were Hanzo to wish for their continued union.The only way to establish if that will happen after all is, it seems, to speak with him in person, to be able to see Hanzo’s face as Kuai Liang implores the other man to give him some answers.That opportunity finally arrives, Kuai Liang realizes, as he stops in front of the single-story home’s driveway, not entirely certain how he got here so easily without making a wrong turn somewhere along the line.Lungs burning and legs aching, Kuai Liang dismounts the bike and walks it up the driveway, mindful of Hanzo’s car. Struck with painful déjà vu, he leaves his bicycle leaning against the garage door and walks to the front door in a blur. His stomach twists into knots as he presses the doorbell, the ringing just barely audible from the outside, difficult to hear anything but the thrumming of his own heartbeat.The silence that meets him while he waits is agonizing, settling on his shoulders and weighing him down so heavily he feels he may become crushed by it.Footsteps — light and focused — approach the door and then stop for several, elongated moments. Eventually, the sound of the deadlock being released reaches his ears and the door peels open, revealing a visibly surprised Hanzo between the gap. He opens his mouth to speak, but says nothing, his face contorted into plain bewilderment, brows tight over his eyes.Kuai Liang himself — despite having plenty of downtime at work to think of all the things he could wish to say to him — is just as speechless, his throat tightening as his stomach and chest overwhelm him with a variety of painful, suffocating sensations filling his insides. It’s almost as if his body were close to imploding on itself, all of the stress from the lack of communication, the dip in profits at work, the blurry prospects of the future melding together in a singularity hellbent on tearing his flesh apart.“Hello?” Hanzo finally says, nearly stammering on the first syllable. Even with half his body hidden behind the door, the tenseness of his muscles — namely those in his jaw — is evident, his posture as stiff as the air around them.“May I come inside?”Taken further aback, Hanzo stares at him with alert eyes before hesitatingly swinging the door fully open, stepping back to allow Kuai Liang entry. Kuai Liang does so, erratically rubbing his fingers together on his left hand, failing to ease the anxiety threatening to burst from him. Hanzo parts from the door and Kuai Liang shuts it behind him.If the sound of a pin dropping onto the floor could be akin to a hammer meeting stone, then the front door meeting the jamb would be like that of a lightning strike. The silence the follows it is so deafening, it makes Kuai Liang’s ears ring. It’s very evident that Kenshi and Takeda aren’t home.Without an idea how this will go yet not wishing to prolong the overwhelming desire to vomit, Kuai Liang pushes himself to just ask, “Why are you avoiding me?”Almost on reflex, Hanzo replies, “I am not,” and the obviousness by which he is evading the truth is enough to bring Kuai Liang’s blood to a boil.His hand ceases in its twitching and switches to a white-knuckled clench, his nails digging into the soft meat of his palm. With his voice wavering, he practically begs with the hurt laid plainly on his sleeve. “Please, do not lie to me. The distance you have put between us is already painful.”With those words, Hanzo’s entire demeanor shifts, eyes darkened, shoulders pulled back, hands balled into shaking fists. “How dare you, cornering me in my own home like this,” he says, the flames of anger clear as his face grows red. “What is it you expected me to say?”“Anything!” His voice raises without his meaning to, but finally being able to be heard by Hanzo for the first time in over two weeks is so vindicating. “All I wish from you is some kind of communication, to understand what has changed with you — between us!”“So, that meant coming here, unannounced, at nine in the evening?” Hanzo’s voice increases in volume, too, and Kuai Liang grows ever more frustrated at such obtuse questions. Why is it so hard for him to just give him an answer?“How else? Every call I have made, every message I have left has been ignored, or at the very least unreturned,” Kuai Liang retorts, feeling as if suddenly he and Hanzo had begun to speak in their native tongues rather than their shared English, both sides of their arguments not connecting. “How can I figure out what I have done wrong if you will not even speak to me?”Perhaps it’s a figment of his imagination, but Kuai Liang sees a flicker of what looks like remorse in Hanzo’s eyes, The glimmer, however, vanishes almost immediately, and Hanzo’s frown morphs into a seething scowl. “My world does not and cannot revolve around you,” Hanzo throws a hand forward and gestures along the length of Kuai Liang’s body, “and your suffocating clinginess. And, unlike you, I actually have a family to take care of!”Kuai Liang feels the air in his lungs fall still. His ears fill with noise. The center of his sternum feels like its caving into his chest.What a terrible, stupid idea this was.His heart was never good at taking rejection.Within seconds, the maddened expression warping Hanzo’s features falls, and the man’s eyes widen and brows lift as he gasps. Just as Kuai Liang finds himself unable to move from where he stands, Hanzo struggles to come up with words to amend what had just been said. “Wait, I.. that...”Kuai Liang, dizzy from how crooked the room has suddenly become, turns around, He grips onto the door handle even as Hanzo continues to plead with him to stay, to just hold on for a moment, to give him a second. Moving as if he were on autopilot, Kuai Liang turns his head slightly over his shoulder, his voice hardly above a whisper as he says, “Sorry for intruding.”He’s careful not to slam the door as he leaves.  Standing in the entryway of his apartment — the door behind him closed and his keys heavy in his hand — Kuai Liang tries to remember his trip back home. All that comes to him is darkness, as if he were unconscious the moment he mounted his bicycle until now.His legs giving out from under him, Kuai Liang falls backward until his shoulder blades meet the surface of the front door, letting gravity take over as he slides down onto the linoleum floor.For a long time, he does nothing, staring at the seam of the cheap carpet and the sliding back door.After a while, his vision goes blurry. Only after the third tear rolls its way down his face does he realize he’s weeping.



Chapter End Notes
Oof.Even though I said in the last chapter's notes that this chapter would take a while, I still wished I got it out sooner, haha. The past month has been hectic and a bit rough for me, as I finally bought a new car and dealt with the one-year anniversary of a loss in the family, so I've been really scatterbrained. Anyway, I hope you're all doing well!By the way, I am still looking for someone to beta the final two chapters of confectionery, so if you're interested, please don't hesitate to reach out to me on twitter. ♡


KENSHI
Chapter Summary
It’s Wednesday. After Hanzo and Kuai Liang’s falling out, Kenshi reaches out to help.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




If the parlor is quiet now that the autumn chill has swept many of his customers away, the silence brought upon the humble building after closing is nothing short of deafening. The only sounds to break the still air are the jingling rain of candies as Kuai Liang refills the topping station and the whispers of paper rubbing against paper as he stacks bowls atop one another by the register.Today marks the most subdued day of the year so far, customers trickling in at a most leisurely pace from late morning until evening. Dragon’s Ice did manage to earn a very small burst of patrons near the tail-end of the dinner rush, but it ended as soon as it had appeared, and Kuai Liang was left to stand around in silence once more.He’s slowly kept himself busy throughout the day, investing much more time on simple, routine tasks — including restocking, taking inventory, counting the register, wiping tables, mopping floors — in a desperate attempt to minimize as much as possible the amount of time he spends wasting away behind the counter.This strategy to distract his grieving mind was only partially successful, eventually delegating some of the chores to Frost after she had arrived for her post-school shift. Not having the heart to tell her not to come in at all, Kuai Liang gave himself a proper break while Frost ran the front, holing himself up in the closet of an office at the back of the store. As painfully as he wished to take a quick nap before returning to his responsibilities, he felt it to be too risky and irresponsible for him to do so, as well as being unable to keep his eyes closed as his thoughts ran in circles inside his head.The next hour saw little improvement in the number of people coming in and out of the front door, and within the following hour, Kuai Liang and Frost made the mutual decision to send her home just as the sun began to set, profits simply not high enough to warrant her staying. He feels guilty about it even now, counting up the cash in the register before emptying the tray and stashing the money away in the safe.Of course, there isn’t much he can do about it, but the sting of failure burns his skin anyway. How deeply he wishes his little ice cream shoppe could rival that of the corporate chains, where he could still maintain a decent flow of customers even during the chill seasons. The only viable solution to that would be proper marketing, but he doesn’t even know where to start for that. Were he willing to, the more drastic option would be to relocate both the store and his place of living closer to the center of the city, along the street that tethers the interstate to the town, in order to take advantage of travelers looking for local ventures.The financial risk is just too high, though, and he’s better off scraping by during late fall, winter, and early spring than losing the business entirely. Despite a considerably prosperous summer — thanks in large part to the illustrious Johnny Cage, both for his personal donations and for causing rumors of his appearance at the small parlor — Kuai Liang is left to acclimate to the down season as he does every year, cutting Frost’s hours, closing on Sundays, and minimizing all personal spending outside of the necessities.Thinking of the financial pressure that awaits him for the oncoming months lends itself to twisting his stomach into tighter knots, already distressed by the events of last week. What was once bubbling anxiety that plagued him for days on end has been replaced by a mournful ache that permeates his every bone, but his nerve-racked mind seems determined to bring him back to such a state.Several coins slipping from his fingers, Kuai Liang pauses in his closing count of today’s tips, the total of which is unsurprisingly yet disappointingly low. Crouching, he gathers the stray nickles and dimes strewn over the tiled floor. Even when including the card tips to the cash generosities from that day, the amount Kuai Liang and Frost are splitting not enough to cover payment for a small combo meal from a fast food drive-thru.A bowl of pressure-cooked rice topped with pan-fried spam cubes will always be a cheaper option than a bag of fries with a burger, of course, but he assumes Frost would be much more likely to get takeout than the alternative. Granted, he knows very little of her home life — really, anything about her outside of work — and if she even needs to worry about getting lunch every day. It’s simply a guess, considering the many Americans he’s met or overheard having a general disdain for canned pork products.Sighing, he pockets his share of the tips, leaving the dimes and quarters for Frost while he takes the pennies and nickels for himself. While he pulls out the register tray in search of a spare envelope, the overhead bell rings soundly, cutting through the thick silence unexpectedly. Mildly startled, Kuai Liang looks up to meet two faces he hadn’t anticipated.“Kenshi, Mrs. Blade,” Kuai Liang greets, not tearing away his gaze as his fingers skim along the empty drawer for paper. He can tell the smile he gives them looks forced without having to see his reflection, his heart simply not in it to be jovial.Immediately, Sonya returns the greeting before correcting him, reminding him that he should call her by her given name as she guides Kenshi to the front counter, his hand resting upon her shoulder. Kenshi, uncharacteristically grim, lets out a low chuckle that almost belies the serious tone painted over his features.A strange sight, he thinks, to see no little ones bouncing around by their sides. Takeda and Cassie would certainly raise his spirits, if only by a margin, their presence most akin to that of pure bundles of joy and excitement. Their smiles are nothing short of infectious."Of course. My apologies, Sonya," Kuai Liang replies, capturing an envelope between his fingers. He pulls it out, opens it with the wedging of his thumb, and then transfers Frost's half of the tips from the countertop to the inside. “What may I get for you two this evening?”Before Kuai Liang can begin the motions of putting the tray back into the register drawer, however, Kenshi politely declines with his hand raised in front of him. "Thank you, but we merely wanted to know if you would be willing to sit down for a talk," Kenshi replies, punctuated by Sonya nodding in agreement. "After the shop closes, of course."A bit put on the spot — and somewhat disappointed that they are not here to order anything — Kuai Liang clumsily closes the drawer shut. He has a handful of guesses as to what exactly Kenshi wishes to discuss with him — assuming Sonya is accompanying him for support — but an unsettling sense of uncertainty cloaks over his body regardless. Hesitatingly, Kuai Liang nods. “Okay. We can do that.”Beside a quiet and unassuming Kenshi, Sonya speaks up once more, her kindly and gentle tone belied by her military fatigues and neat, low bun. “Is it alright if we wait for you here?” she asks, gesturing her head toward a nearby table. “You’re busy, I know, so we can leave if we’re intruding.”Kuai Liang waves away her politeness almost on instinct, though her use of that last word makes him flinch as he does so. “That is no bother at all. Please, make yourselves comfortable.”“Thank you,” Kenshi says, a small though genuine smile painting his lips, before nudging Sonya in the direction of the nearby table. She obliges wordlessly, bringing an arm to his back as they move to sit down.Wiping his hands his apron, Kuai Liang strides to the back at the fastest pace he’s accomplished that day, determined to finish up the few remaining tasks as quickly as possible. Still at a loss for what’s to come, he decides he’d rather endure whatever emotional conversation awaits him than spend another minute stuck behind the dipping cabinet.  Drinking caffeinated tea half past nine in the evening is perhaps not the smartest decision he’s made today, but with his tired body sinking into the plush booth seat, he’s determined to keep himself awake for the time being.For what exactly, he isn’t sure, as neither he, Kenshi, or Sonya have said not a word aloud since their waiter — a young man with short, messy hair, a goatee, and a name tag reading “Taven” in plain typeface — brought them their drinks. Sonya occupies herself with breaking up the ice in her tall glass with a spoon, stirring the dark liquid from the base into the creamy portion on top. He cannot recall what she had ordered, but believes it to be an iced chai or cappuccino. Without much to go on — himself a fan of hot teas and not partial to coffee at all — and not wanting to open the conversation with Sonya’s beverage of choice, he’s left to guess.Kenshi, meanwhile, sits pensively with his glass of water cradled between both hands, his brow furrowed as he seems deep in thought. His sunglasses obscure some of the tension surrounding his eyes, but Kuai Liang can sense that Kenshi is struck by bone-deep concern and a chest-piercing worry. He can’t help but relate, even if their reasons are universes apart when comparing their differences.Not wanting to stare at either of them, however, Kuai Liang has kept his gaze directed through the adjacent window, watching the occasional car pass by down the otherwise vacant street as he nurses his tea. It is strange, seeing this road from this angle. He’s walked it often over the years.Admittedly, despite having passed by this franchise diner so many times, he has not once taken the time to sit down and have a meal. Any time he becomes awashed with the craving of American-style breakfast or for greasy plate of protein and carbs, he’s instead gone to the locally-owned restaurant near his apartment, due in large part to its convenience.The food — or what little of it is being served at this hour on a Thursday — at this establishment smells pleasant as the aroma of chicken fried steak and cheesy scrambled eggs reach their table, feeling regretful that his appetite has been nonexistent for the past few days. He’ll have to come back when his spirits are higher and his wallet fuller, eating out being too much of a strain on increasingly limited earnings.Taking another sip of his unsweetened tea, Kuai Liang turns his head to stare at a blank spot on the table, Kenshi’s fidgeting digits shifting in the edge of his vision. His eyes become unfocused and he isn’t sure how long he’s staring at the linoleum surface when Kenshi clears his throat.“How are you?” Kenshi asks, still not moving to take a drink from his water, the outside of the glass heavy with condensation.Gods, what a loaded question.Seeing no reason to lie or otherwise obscure what is so visibly obvious, Kuai Liang is honest when he says, “Not great.” When customers ask him the same question, he has to stop himself from visibly wincing before saying, “I am well. How are you?” It’s so tiresome, not being able to be honest with people, even if they may be strangers.He brings a hand up and runs it through his hair, not caring if it becomes mussed and haggard-looking from his doing so. Feeling open, he continues, “I have been very distracted lately. It is hard to accomplish anything, it seems.”Kenshi nods, the motion akin to that of a wise sage. “I understand,” he says, shifting in his seat. “This may not necessarily be comforting, but Hanzo is having the same problem.”He’s right. It isn’t very comforting.“Listen,” Kenshi implores, leaning forward on the table, “He’s such a private and proud person that even I struggle to reach through the walls he puts up, but I have talked with him a lot over the past week about this, about his feelings, about my leaving for Sasebo, about Takeda. All I want— all I can ask of you is to allow him some patience.”Kuai Liang stays silent, a painful lump forming in the heart of his throat. He makes an attempt at nodding that ends up feeling like grim acceptance of failure more than anything else.“Hanzo is...” Sonya starts, catching Kuai Liang by surprise. With as disheveled as Kuai Liang feels and as somber as Kenshi looks, she appears the most level-headed and composed out of the three of them. That isn’t to say that she sits dispassionately, but rather she is removed enough from the situation that she can exist amongst the center of it and take it in stride.Part of Kuai Liang is jealous. How much he wishes he could step away, to examine the sudden distance between him and Hanzo with a critical, objective eye and not endure the all-too-familiar ache in his chest.Sonya falls quiet for a few moments, threading her fingers together and folding her hands atop the table. Her wedding ring glitters in the dim light, casting glowing specks along the wall. Her drink sits abandoned, the ice already having begun melting and leaving a very thin line of water on top. The depth of her eyes as they stare into his threaten to send shivers down his spine as she speaks up once more. “Hanzo is the type of person who tries very hard to not get close to people, and if he does become good friends with you, he will pretend in so many ways that he only thinks of you as an acquaintance.”Beside her, a crooked smile forms on Kenshi’s lips, tilting his head slightly while Sonya speaks. It’s the beginning of a grin he’s seen before, sometimes on strangers, but largely and often on Tomas’ face. It appears any time they catch themselves in a lengthy conversation and one of them recalls a distant memory from a distant place, the kind of humored, nostalgic twitch of the lips that serves to remind them of how old they’re getting.Kuai Liang wishes it were infectious. It would be nice to be able to share that kind of amusement, even if he has not the slightest of what vignette Kenshi is remembering.“Now, I’m not particularly close with Hanzo, but my husband?” Sonya says, a slightly amused grin of her own and a quirk of an eyebrow lightening her face. “Hanzo would have you believe that he absolutely cannot stand Johnny and his big, loud, annoying personality.”The bluntness by which she describes her own spouse — and the appropriately large gestures she makes with her arms as she does so — is enough to make Kuai Liang chuckle, and it is then he realizes just how joyless he’s been the past week. He hasn’t really laughed at all in some time.Sonya pauses to appreciate the brief moment of levity as well, her blue eyes softening and the faintest of laugh lines surrounding them. The humor coloring her features quickly fades away, however, replaced by a compassionate sincerity in its wake. “But I know for a fact that he would do anything in his power to help us if we needed it; he’d lay down his life for Cassie in a heartbeat if it meant keeping her safe.”“For as long as I’ve known him, Hanzo has always been protective and introverted, but ever since Harumi and Satoshi...” Kenshi interjects, brow heavy with a saddened frown. He stops for a moment, pushing his sunglasses atop his head before continuing. Without them, he seems much more downtrodden by all this than Kuai Liang had anticipated.“It’s a defense mechanism, that standoffish attitude. It’s easier to push people away than to get hurt again,” Kenshi finishes. He speaks with a forlorn insight of the destruction that loss will do to one’s heart, and it serves as a reminder that widowhood is an experience that Kenshi and Hanzo unfortunately share.Kuai Liang, too, knows all too well what it’s like to bristle at the slightest hint of vulnerability on his part, having become hardened in the several years following Bi-Han’s disappearance. Even after he came to terms with the fact that he may never see his only family member again, he was reticent to speak to anyone who wasn’t Tomas and buried himself in work to the point that he simply didn’t have the energy to wonder where his brother went anymore. Moving to the States did little to change this — at least at first — because his first proper attempt at reaching out to new people is also the same reason he feels so distraught right now.It took a long time to truly begin healing from the loss, as well as a tremendous amount of patience from Tomas and the few acquaintances he had to get him to that point. He can empathize with the pain, but he cannot earnestly understand the despair that must come from losing two beloved people at once. He hopes he never has to.And with as recent as Hanzo’s loss is, it is honestly incredible to Kuai Liang that the man held and kissed him, that he gave him the time of day at all. He can't disavow Hanzo's decision to recede back into solitude knowing how much and how long he has been grieving.It still hurts, however, being dropped so abruptly. He wonders if there really was anything he had done specifically to warrant it, and even if he had, any means to avoiding it in the first place.The only way he can find out is by talking with Hanzo, which in of itself seems like an insurmountable task right now, as if climbing a mountain without shoes or ropes.Another silence settles over the three of them, interrupted only by the distant sounds of idle chatter from the only other occupied table. Kuai Liang downs the remainder of his tea, catching loose specks of chamomile leaves on his tongue. His initial desire to leave — despite having agreed to the opportunity to talk — is no longer driven by wanting to escape that which makes his heart ache further, but rather the increasingly overwhelming need to sleep.As Kuai Liang sets the emptied mug down and shifts to bid farewell, Kenshi lets out a heavy sigh through his nose, sinking in his seat. "I also want to apologize for the favor I asked of you," he admits, rubbing the pad of his thumb back and forth across the surface of the plastic cup.Kuai Liang wants to cut him off right there, finding an apology for such a thing to be unnecessary, perhaps even unwarranted. He doesn't get the chance as Kenshi explains further, shoulders pushed forward and towards his body, "It was unfair to place that on you, too much to ask with someone so self-determined and reserved."As much as he doesn't want to give up on hope, Kenshi may just be right that emotionally supporting Hanzo is simply not something he will let him do. Kuai Liang, however, is a stubborn individual, and is determined to hold onto every last bit of hope that the rift between them will someday close. He hopes that day is close.Shaking his head, Kuai Liang admits, "I would be more than happy to be there for Hanzo, were he willing to have me.""I'm sure he would," Sonya says, her folded hands steady on the table, posture firm and confident. Even if her words aren't completely absolute, the way in which she says it lifts his mood by a slim but still notable margin.Kenshi only barely moves his head in her direction before returning to face Kuai Liang, ceasing his fidgeting along the sweaty exterior of his beverage. "I'm certain he would. He just... he needs time."He would give Hanzo as much time as he needs, as much patience he requires to have him in his life once more, in any capacity he will be willing to take. The space he has left in his absence is too significant for Kuai Liang to put into words, and all he can respond to Kenshi with is "Okay."  The chilly, humid air bites Kuai Liang's ears as he hunches over outside, entering the combination into his bike lock. It takes some fiddling, but once he releases the lock from the U-shaped restraint, he straightens up with a thankful sigh. For as active as he is, he cannot save himself from the body aches brought upon by sleep deprivation.“Are you sure you don’t want a ride home?” asks Sonya, a set of keys in one hand and the other resting on Kenshi’s shoulder. She gestures over her shoulder, indicating vaguely in the direction of her parked SUV. “It’s really no trouble.”“Yes, I am sure. I could not bring myself to take advantage of your hospitality any more than I already have,” he says, gripping the handles of his bicycle and rolling it out from between the bike racks. Upon her insistence, Kuai Liang acquiesced to Sonya’s paying for his beverage. Hot water and a teabag is the cheapest drink he could’ve have gotten that wasn’t plain water, but he still feels sheepish in not covering the cost himself.With a small but humored sigh, Sonya tucks her keys into her pocket and holds out a hand. Kuai Liang follows suit, grasping her hand and giving it a firm shake, thanking her for her support and asking she extend that gratitude to her husband for him. She readily promises that she will, provided Johnny isn’t passed out on the couch when she gets home. The image of Johnny with his head thrown back on the couch’s backrest and a string of drool dripping down his jaw earns a giggle from Kuai Liang.“Drive safe,” he says, releasing his grip from Sonya, who gives him a brief nod. Without missing a beat, Kuai Liang turns slightly in Kenshi’s direction and bows modestly, speaking with his head tilted down. “Thank you for the talk this evening.”Kenshi, letting out an amused huff through his nose, reaches out his hand as well. Finding the motion unexpected, Kuai Liang awkwardly straightens his back and grabs Kenshi’s hand. He looks into the black screens of Kenshi’s sunglasses, and even though the lenses are blocking out much of his eyes, the laugh lines peeking from behind the arms match the grin on his face.“Glad I was able to,” Kenshi starts, squeezing Kuai Liang’s hand. His head tilts minutely. “This is likely the last time we will see each other for some time.”“Oh, yes,” Kuai Liang stammers, mentally kicking himself for having nearly forgotten the entire catalyst for Kenshi’s favor. The past couple weeks have been blindsiding him with regular reminders of his fight with Hanzo that the surrounding context has since begun falling away. “That’s right.”Their hands part from one another, but not one of them shifts from their spot on the plain sidewalk. “I suppose...” Kuai Liang begins, lifting a leg to straddle his bicycle, “I will see you when you get back.”Kenshi smiles. “And I will hear you.”Both Kuai Liang and Sonya snort at the easy joke, the serious atmosphere fizzling into a more comfortable and breathable air. “Yes, of course,” Kuai Liang laughs.Settling himself on the bicycle seat and bracing a foot against the elevated pedal, Kuai Liang bids the two of them goodbye, a hand raised in plain farewell. Sonya waves as she guides Kenshi to the side, watching him leave as he turns onto the street.As Kuai Liang rides home, ears filled with the clicking sound of bicycle gears, he feels just a little bit lighter than before.



Chapter End Notes
Lads, we're almost at the end! The final chapter and the epilogue are upon us.I know this chapter is shorter than pretty much all the others, but hopping right into the next chapter after the events of the last one would feel... disingenuous? Need that rejection and heartbreak to simmer for a while, you know?As always, thank you for reading. Looks like confectionery will really be completed by the end of the year! ♡


HANZO
Chapter Summary
It's Sunday. An apology.



Kuai Liang has made some concerted efforts to distract his mind as much as possible, with varying levels of success.His attempts at work today were certified failures, with business slowing down to a crawl and only picking up in the post-lunch rush when the weather grew only marginally warmer. With both him and Frost loitering around between the few scattered customers that would enter their doors, he decided that today was as good as any to get on their hands and knees and deep clean the store.In his mind, it would’ve been a case of killing two birds with one stone, detail cleaning so intensely as to keep his mind busy and to keep the store up to health codes. Not only that, but it gave Frost — who is constantly, though often silently, antsy to be productive in some capacity — a task to attend to and also justified his keeping her there despite low profits.Yet, as he probably should have anticipated, the store stayed as silent as it had before, Frost uninterested in idle talk and Kuai Liang’s mind left to its own devices as he scrubbed the grout of the floor tiles.It isn't so much that he's thinking about their argument anymore — though he feels more and more childish about the entire thing every time he does — but just the general, underlying thrum of anxiety that has made a home in his chest nearly a month ago. It is ever-present, sitting beneath his sternum and spiking in intensity whenever he lets his mind wander too deep into insecurity-born angst.He really isn't that far off from teenage Kuai Liang, heartbroken over a boy who left him for something better.Frustrated and defeated, Kuai Liang tucks the string bookmark between the pages and shuts the paperback closed, the rope's beaded tassels rattling mutely as he tosses the book onto the couch cushion beside him. It's a novella Tomas bought him as a gift years ago — he doesn't remember how long anymore — that he's restarted several times yet cannot seem to pass this one particular chapter each time. Before, it has always been that he was too busy to enter really see a book to the end. Now, it's that with the additional heartbreak to weigh down any of his efforts.It is perhaps foolish to assume that he could somehow pull his thoughts away from his worries and romance-induced pains in the barren apartment he calls home more than the equally desolate parlor he spends the majority of his days inside.Sighing through his nose, Kuai Liang learns forward and grabs his bottle of beer from the coffee table, the beverage sweaty and nearly lukewarm due to neglect. He had forgotten it not so much because of any deep focus on the contents of the book but rather due to his inability to register a single sentence without having to go back and read it over once more. It's like he's perpetually stuck on repeat, his thoughts a vinyl record and his attention span a dull needle. The temptation to drink himself into oblivion is strong — if only to loosen up his mind to reminisce about his other life's failures, the ones that have little to nothing to do with love and heartache and rejection — but he is too old, too responsible to get blackout drunk entirely on his lonesome.Glancing at the analog clock beside the bookshelf, he learns he only has ten hours before he must be in the store again, nearly he may as well brush his teeth and crawl into bed soon. If he wanted, he could deprive himself of a full night's sleep and instead force himself to reread the same passages over and over again in the little paperback. It sounds like torture, but it's exactly what he's been doing since he cycled home. He entertains the idea and wonders if he's actually grown into a glutton for punishment.There's something cathartic about reveling in pain.But the thought is as stupid as he feels for taking any amount of pleasure from his own angst, and he scoffs at himself before bringing the bottle to his lips.Just as the taste of cheap pale ale touches his tongue, the doorbell chimes, the unexpected sound threatening him to nearly choke on the beverage as he swallows. The swiftness that he pulls the bottle away from his face gives rewards him with a small splatter of beer on his hand and he groans in annoyance as he sets it back on the coffee table.Unsure of who would arrive to his home at this hour and prepared to get ready for bed, Kuai Liang opts to just wipe away the beer spill with his other hand and wash it off once he discovers what awaits him at the other side of the door. Somewhere, in the distant reaches of his mind, he can hear the voice of his house manager scolding him for such unhygienic behavior. He remembers the timbre and tone of that man's voice with such strong clarity that it's a wonder it had hardly faded in over two decades.Approaching the door, he comes to realize just how fatigued his body has become while reclined on the sofa, the vertebra in his lower back popping a couple times as he fixes his slouching posture. Unlatching the door chain with one hand and twisting the handle with the other, Kuai Liang pulls the door open and finds himself second-guessing his eyes when he sees the person standing on the other side.Hanzo, his hair loose and his arms full with a large, paper-wrapped box, looks back at him with a soft and steady gaze.At an honest loss for words, Kuai Liang opens his mouth and shuts it almost immediately, hesitating before trying again and simply greeting with “Hi.”In turn, Hanzo says hello. His voice is low and it feels like a balm to his ears.Neither of them say another word for what feels like a millennia, Kuai Liang’s hand sitting numbly on the door handle and Hanzo’s fingers gripping around the corners of the cardboard box. There must not be another soul with them for miles, the silence of the apartment hallways close to deafening.How strange, finally having right in front of him the man he’s been aching to see for weeks, yet not a single thought able to manifest itself from his lips. All the things he wishes to say and they all vanish into the ether as if they had never existed at all.Taking in a deep breath, Hanzo finally speaks up, a saddened smile and arched brows lining his face as he asks, “May I come in?”Dumbfounded and painfully willing, Kuai Liang steps aside and opens the doorway fully. Hanzo enters gingerly, as if he were testing the proverbial waters of Kuai Liang’s apartment, holding the box close to his chest as he passes the flat’s renter. Kuai Liang closes the door behind him, gesturing towards the living space and trying his damnedest to stave off the twists and turns his gut is doing in his abdomen.They stand an arm’s length apart from one another at the end of the short hall, neither of them making the move to lead into the living room or into the kitchen. The only sound he can hear is the loud beating of his heart, as clear to him as if the organ had pressed up against is ear drums and filled the inside of his skull.It’s hard to look Hanzo in the eye, so he doesn’t. He can’t even hold his gaze at neutral regions of the man’s face — forehead, nose, chin — or even at one of his shoulders. Instead, he stares at Hanzo’s hands, at the slightly pallid tone the tips of his fingers take as he holds the box steadily against his abdomen. It seems heavy, judging on the way Hanzo carries it, but he hasn’t the faintest idea of what it could be.Is it for him? Is it important? Hanzo wouldn’t have brought the bulky thing up several flights of stairs if it didn’t have any relevance to Kuai Liang, but as he wracks his brain for what it could possibly be, he fails to arrive at any answers. His birthday isn’t for a couple months. They never declared officially what their relationship is, so if it’s an anniversary gift then it’s not only unprecedented, but also strangely timed.It is both bold and highly presumptuous of Kuai Liang to even assume that it’s meant for him, yet the box’s presence sticks out to him like a sore thumb and he is unable to bring himself to ask about it.If it is for him, then it must be an apology of some kind, though he never would anticipate that Hanzo’s means of reconciling is through gift-giving. They’ve never exchanged gifts before. Hanzo seems the kind of individual who expresses his fondness through acts of service, but maybe he read him wrong.Maybe he’s been reading him wrong for a long time.Several agonizing moments later — the silence stretching on between them for so long that Kuai Liang had nearly forgotten what it was like not hearing his own heart attempting to escape his body — Hanzo finally speaks again, holding out the box for Kuai Liang to take. “I have been meaning to give this to you,” he says simply.Kuai Liang hesitates as he raises his arms, tentatively looking up to meet Hanzo’s eyes as he brings his hands to the underside of the box. His fingers brush against Hanzo’s in the process and his skin feels like it’s on fire.Holding it on his own, Kuai Liang discovers that the contents are quite heavy, more than what he had anticipated. Being mindful of what could be inside, Kuai Liang carefully carries the box with him to the couch, Hanzo following closely behind him.They settle onto the cushions wordlessly, Hanzo taking the abandoned book from the seat and placing it atop the coffee table as he sits down. He sits close enough that Kuai Liang can feel the warmth radiating off the man on the bare skin of his arm.The box weighs heavily in Kuai Liang’s lap, his hands stilling for a moment as he stares at the wrapping paper, glittering silver swirls of flowers and snowflakes atop a navy blue base. It looks like winter holiday paper — highly likely, in fact — and the idea that Hanzo might have had to rush to put this together in time sends a rush of warmth into his heart. Why else would he use something from December when Halloween has yet to pass?It’s quite beautiful paper, too, so Kuai Liang is delicate with it as he wriggles a finger into a gap in the wrapping, wanting to preserve it as much as possible. Lowly, Hanzo says, “Keep it upright.” Kuai Liang takes the guidance to heart and resigns to ripping the paper beneath, tearing the tape blindly. He peels the paper away and sets it aside only to reveal plain, unmarked cardboard underneath, the flaps kept shut with a very short strip of packing tape. For ease of opening, he supposes.When he opens the box and peers inside, his heart skips a beat. He takes in a sharp breath, and when it leaves his lungs, it departs shakily.Inside sits a complete tea set, brilliant blues and stark blacks interrupted by webs of gold. He recognizes it immediately, his eyes stinging with tears as he confirms that it is, in fact, the same set he was once gifted to by his brother. Every teacup, every saucer, the entire teapot that had once been shattered into pieces having been mended perfectly together, each piece held securely inside foam slabs.As he reaches in and takes a hold of one of the teacups, Kuai Liang feels many things — awe, confusion, bewilderment — but mostly all he can really make sense of is an overwhelming wave of love washing over him.“How did...” Kuai Liang starts, so enraptured by the beauty and compassion of the gesture that he struggles to even speak, his breath constricted by the tightness of his throat. He turns to Hanzo — his face is so, so close — and tries again. “How did you do this?”“One of the nights I came to visit,” Hanzo says, his hands wringing in his lap. He fails to make eye contact as he speaks, staring a hole into a spot on the carpet. “I waited until you excused yourself to the restroom and then stowed it in my work bag. I wanted to have it repaired, to surprise you.”Kuai Liang is compelled to make a joke about Hanzo stealing his belongings, finding immense humor in not only the act, but also the fact that he somehow hadn’t noticed the teaware having gone missing. Yet, he is unable to bring himself to do so, the air around them dense and the lump in his throat growing larger by the second. He gently returns the teacup to its designated spot in the box, the ceramic snuggling firmly in place. “Thank you,” he says, his voice barely above a whisper. “This means the world to me.”And those words are not merely an expression of the extent of his gratitude. The tea set — as pedestrian as it may be, being one of many just like it — is the most treasured possession he owns, no other object in his apartment carrying a even a modicum of value than that of the teapot and its accompanying cups and saucers. The very small, very empty photo album he has tucked on the bottom shelf of the bookcase is the only thing that comes close in importance, the first few pages holding the few photos he could find of himself and Bi-Han when they were children.Those photos, however, are simply that: class portraits, identification prints, the occasional candid photograph taken on instant film. He goes to them when he feels his brother’s face fading from his memory, when he can’t recall the wallpapers of the children’s home or the uniforms of they wore to school, when he wants to confirm the year they had left the village for Beijing.The tea set is the only thing from which he can now feel Bi-Han’s love and affection, how he can tell that his brother cared for him in his own distant, stoic way.To him, it feels like Hanzo delved his hands directly into his chest and stitched the wounds still left on his heart, casualties endured from the disappearance of his brother and the lingering uncertainty of his potential survival.He wasn’t able bring his family with him to the States, but with him he brought Bi-Han’s memory in any form he could, even if it became shattered in the process. Hanzo reconstructed that memory, put all the pieces back into place, and has allowed him to an opportunity to heal without having to be asked.If that isn’t love, then he doesn’t know what the word even means.Hanzo gives Kuai Liang the briefest of glances before dropping his gaze once more. “You are welcome,” he murmurs, the words leaving him as if a massive weight on his shoulders was forcing them out. He picks away at loose skin around his cuticle, his lips twitching as if he were about to say more, but he remains quiet with his brows knitted into a tight knot on his forehead.Wanting to give him as much time as he needs, Kuai Liang waits patiently, carefully setting the box onto the coffee table and resting his hands onto his lap.He’s already waited for what feels like an eternity, and he’s more than willing to go on longer, as long as it means Hanzo will continue to be a presence in his life. What is it but a few more minutes amongst weeks worth of his time?He watches Hanzo’s thumb nail mindlessly scrape along the edge of a cuticle, trying to catch a piece of dead skin in its combing. A tingle at the back of his head begs him to look at Hanzo’s face — he could stare at those thick, dark eyelashes until he went blind — but he doesn’t want to add upon the visible pressure weighing the other man down.The word clinginess rings in his head and vanishes as quickly as it arrived. Boundaries, he thinks to himself. No matter the extraneous circumstances — being Takeda’s caregiver, Kenshi’s guiding hand, a beloved yet strict teacher, a grieving widower seeking a means to heal — Kuai Liang had done something egregious enough that Hanzo would bring it up in a spat. It would be ignorant and selfish of him to ignore it, regardless of how exaggerated Hanzo’s words may have been or how heated their emotions were in the moment.It’s been a long time since he felt this way about anyone. It’s hard not to seek it out as much as possible, to be around someone who makes him feel so light and contented at the mere thought of them.He doesn’t know how long they sit there, soaking in the empty air, Hanzo close enough to touch yet so, so far away. Then, Hanzo’s hands suddenly stop in their fretting and he shifts his body toward Kuai Liang, their knees touching. “I am terrible with words,” Hanzo admits, before leaning forward and bringing his mouth to Kuai Liang’s. Their lips meet easily, naturally, like they’ve done a dozen times before.Yet, it feels so different this time, and it only takes a split second for Kuai Liang to realize why.Almost immediately, Kuai Liang returns the kiss, letting his eyes fall shut as his chest swells, so filled with elation at Hanzo taking the initiative for the first time that he wonders if he just might burst from the emotion of it all.He would be lying if he said he hadn’t noticed he had been taking the lead on nearly everything they did together, always first to ask and first to touch.The only thing Hanzo did before he could take the opportunity was trade numbers, something Kuai Liang realizes that he probably never would have done if Hanzo hadn’t approached him at the front counter on that hectic Friday evening. He’d likely have ended up watching the man leave yet again, too afraid to ask him out or trade more than the standard small talk.Maybe he should have taken that pattern more to heart, had paid more attention to Hanzo’s reluctance to make the first move. Maybe they could have avoided this entire fight if he had taken a step back and asked Hanzo what exactly he wanted from their relationship. That’s the curse of hindsight — being able to pick apart all the little things that could have been done better or just differently — but perhaps they could’ve avoided a lot of heartbreak if Kuai Liang had read the signs for what they were, rather than pretend they weren’t there at all.Parting from the kiss, Kuai Liang rests his forehead against Hanzo’s and stays there, basking in the scent of cologne on his skin and fresh linen detergent on his clothes. He missed this.After a while, neither of them moving a muscle for quite some time, Hanzo pulls his head away, reaching out and taking Kuai Liang’s hand in his own. Kuai Liang’s heart flutters beneath his breastbone, intertwining his fingers with Hanzo’s, enraptured by the thought of Hanzo ensuring that their skin remains touching. Their eyes meet and Kuai Liang feels like he’s about to cry.Hanzo quickly looks down again, staring at their clasped hands as he slowly runs the pad of his thumb over Kuai Liang’s skin. “I felt... I was afraid,” Hanzo begins, using his free hand to tuck loose hair behind his ear. “Being around you was fun, exciting, yet terrifying.”Kuai Liang says nothing, just listens. He wants to touch Hanzo more — rest his other hand on his knee, run his fingers through his hair, hold the nape of his neck and kiss him until they’re both gasping for air — but remains where he is, holding onto his hand and not even daring to think of how cold it will feel when they have to let go.Hanzo sighs, squeezing his hand around Kuai Liang’s. It’s a defeated sound, one that Kuai Liang himself has let out countless times over the past few weeks. “Those were feelings I had not experienced in so long. Part of me believed I could never feel so strongly about anyone again, but you proved me wrong, and it scared me.”Grief has a way of severing you from other people, from yourself. He knows that all too well.“Harumi’s mother sent me a letter,” Hanzo says, and a pink envelope atop a pile of parcels immediately comes to Kuai Liang’s mind. “There was nothing in there that could have sparked the idea in my mind, but after reading it, I convinced myself that I was replacing my family, that you and Takeda would somehow erase Harumi and Satoshi from my heart. So, I shut myself in.”It doesn’t need to be said, but Kuai Liang suspects that Kenshi’s assignment to Sasebo had only complicated that fear, an added weight to the tower of responsibilities that had made a home on Hanzo’s shoulders. That amount of pressure would break anyone, especially someone as proud as Hanzo, so reluctant to seek or accept help from others.The admission and all the context surrounding it is enough to make Kuai Liang itch to pull Hanzo in for another embrace, to remove all the guilt, grief, and worry poisoning the man’s spirit with affection and intimacy. He is well aware, however, that love from a single source isn’t enough to fix the trauma of losing the most significant people in one’s life. More than a decade of support from Tomas hadn’t freed him of the despair born from his brother’s disappearance. Kuai Liang can’t heal the suffering brought upon by the loss of spouse and child. It would be irresponsible and conceited of him to think otherwise.“I should have been forthcoming with you, had told you what I had been thinking instead of distancing myself from you,” Hanzo continues, a self-deprecating scowl warping his features. “I should not have said those awful things to you. I wish I hadn’t.”A pregnant pause passes before Hanzo straightens up, finally looking up and holding Kuai Liang’s gaze. Kuai Liang has looked into the rich, sepia pools of Hanzo’s eyes so many times, but this is the first he’s seen them so clearly that he feels his spine shiver as those pupils pierce right into his core.“I’m sorry,” Hanzo says, his voice low and shaky. “There is nothing else I can say to you other than I am sorry.”It’s hard for Kuai Liang not to laugh.The moment he held the mended teacup in his hands, he had already forgiven Hanzo for the entire ordeal. There was nothing to apologize for at this point. All he wanted now was to hold him in his arms, to have him curl up with him in bed, to have him in his life again.But, with everything that Hanzo has poured out of himself, Kuai Liang thinks it’s likely very important to Hanzo to hear him say the words. Anything to give Hanzo peace of mind, Kuai Liang will do it.Smiling, Kuai Liang gingerly cups the other side of Hanzo’s hand with his own. His voice is thick, the lump in his throat making it hard to speak, but he manages and says, “I forgive you.”Hanzo lets out a sound caught between a relieved sigh and a surprised laugh, hiding his face as he ducks his head down once more. Even with his lengthy hair blocking much of his view, Kuai Liang can see a tight-lipped grin splitting Hanzo’s face. His heart does a little jump in his chest at the sight of it. Gods, he missed him.He wants to say as much, wants to tell Hanzo all the little things he loves about him, about how right things feel when he’s around, but the words fail to fall into place in his mind. The only thing he can think to do is gaze at him, to hold his hand and have him feel that, yes, he has forgiven him wholeheartedly, and so he does just that. He hopes that the squeeze he gives Hanzo’s hand is enough to make up for his speechlessness.Another pause wedges itself between them, and while it settles into the moment awkwardly, Kuai Liang hardly minds it. He can’t think of anything that could truly sour this, at least anything within the realm of possibility. It’s hard for him to even think about anything else, Hanzo’s skin so warm against his own and sending his mind reeling as he tries to organize his thoughts.Hanzo breaks the silence again, staring at his hand pinned between both of Kuai Liang’s. “The tea set came back in the mail yesterday,” he says, bringing his other hand in and curling his fingers underneath Kuai Liang’s palm. Kuai Liang adjusts easily, holding one hand in each of his own and resting them atop their thighs sitting flush against each other. “Truth be told, I had nearly forgotten I had even sent it to be repaired.”Kuai Liang finds humor in that — the same kind of dark chuckle when he realized he hadn’t noticed something so dear to him had vanished from the cupboards — and Hanzo seems to as well, the smile unwavering on his face. “So, when I answered the door and saw the box sitting on my doorstep, it made me...” Hanzo stumbles, then continues, “I had a sort of epiphany.”For what reason, Kuai Liang doesn’t know, but anxious anticipation bubbles under his sternum at those words. “What was it?”“I was so, so happy,” Hanzo says, the grin on his face turning toothy, “because it made me think of you, and instead of feeling guilty for it, I felt at peace.”Kuai Liang doesn’t know what to say as his eyes sting with tears, so he says nothing.“In her vows, Harumi told me that all she truly wanted for me was my happiness.” For a short moment, Kuai Liang imagines the wedding, and he’s certain that the ceremony was beautiful. He’d like to see photos, if Hanzo were willing to show him. His next words come out weak, Hanzo’s voice trembling in spite of the smile pulling at his lips, eyes still locked to the joining of their hands. “Somehow, I know that, deep in my heart, she would want me to feel this way, even if she were no longer here to share it with me.”While Hanzo may claim to be awful at expressing himself through words, Kuai Liang virulently disagrees as he begins to openly weep, tears running hot over his cheekbones and down his chin. When Hanzo finally looks back up, the man panics, pulling his hands away to wipe the tears traveling down Kuai Liang’s face. Kuai Liang, however, just smiles, chuckling at the kindness of universe for bringing him to this moment.It is so nice to weep tears of joy.As Hanzo brushes several drops from Kuai Liang’s jaw with his thumb, Kuai Liang manages to find the words, and they burst out of him before his mind can even begin to organize them. “I am so sorry for my clinginess, but you are all I can ever think about now,” he laughs, the sound coming out of him more like a hiccup than anything else, “no matter what I am doing, where I am, or how I am feeling. It’s always you.”Hanzo’s hands still upon Kuai Liang’s skin, fingertips braced gently along his jawline. His expression is difficult to read, so Kuai Liang doesn't try to. The one thing he can gleam from it, though, is surprise."Being around you is enough for the world to feel balanced and steady beneath my feet," he says, feathering his fingers over Hanzo's thigh. “My deepest wish is for you to feel the same way — to be contented and loved — and for me to be the one to give that to you.”Whatever else Kuai Liang’s overwhelmed heart would like to spill, neither of them get a chance to hear it, Hanzo cupping both sides of Kuai Liang’s face and bringing him for another kiss. Caught in the sudden embrace, Kuai Liang fumbles with his hands, scrambling up Hanzo’s Henley shirt and clutching onto the fabric with such intensity it may as well be his lifeline to keep him from drifting off at sea.It’s clumsier this time, their mouths crashing into one another in a desperate attempt to become closer, to make sense of the saturated emotions of the moment that transcend spoken language. Hanzo parts briefly, gasping for breath and huffing hot air against Kuai Liang’s chin. Kuai Liang opens his eyes just enough to peer at Hanzo’s blurry face, his gut twisting at the half-lidded gaze staring back at him.Hanzo brings a thumb to Kuai Liang’s lips and — as malleable as sodden clay — Kuai Liang bends to his will, opening his mouth and easily accepting Hanzo’s tongue as it slides against his own. With their heads titled and their noses pushing against each other’s cheekbones, Kuai Liang feels the ends of Hanzo’s hair brush his clavicle and the sensation sends shivers down his spine.Toes curling, Kuai Liang thinks that he could stay this way forever — wet face and all — yet something deep in his core begs him to reach for more, to enfold himself in Hanzo’s presence as much as physicality will allow him. He lets go of the abused shirt and snakes his hands around Hanzo’s sides, bracing against his back as he pulls him closer. Hanzo, as if on cue, pulls his knee up towards his chest and shifts to face Kuai Liang fully, entrusting the large hands spread across his lower back to keep him steady as he leans backward.They settle across the length of the couch, Kuai Liang situated atop Hanzo's torso and Hanzo's other leg sprawled over the side of the cushion. A heat that he can only describe as sharp shoots through his groin, and he wonders just how Hanzo can be so fit yet feel so soft under his body. Gods.Hanzo's hands drift from the sides of his face to the back of his head, holding Kuai Liang's skull as if they could — somehow — deepen the kiss further. Kuai Liang thinks the only way they could become closer is if they could meld their bodies into one another, or be rid of their physical forms altogether.Oh, the woes of being so close yet never close enough.The sounds erupting from desperate embrace begin to border on obscene, and Kuai Liang pulls away from the kiss to bury his face in Hanzo’s breast, their lips making a loud smacking noise when they part. The childish embarrassment filling Kuai Liang’s gut only worsens at the sound, and he’s sure his face has become stained with a lively pink color.It’s been well over a decade since he has been this intimate with anyone, let alone being on the verge of tearing off clothing and rutting himself into someone else’s hips. It’s frightening and exciting and overwhelming all at once. He just doesn’t want to rush it.Hanzo seems to agree, however, pressing his lips against the crown of Kuai Liang’s head and holding him there, fingers tangling with his hair.For a while, they simply lie there, Kuai Liang’s ears filled with the sound of Hanzo’s labored breathing and thrumming heart. It’s a beautiful harmony, he thinks, as he tightens his arms around Hanzo’s waist.There’s weight to this, pouring out their most vulnerable wants and desires after years of loneliness and solitude, cradling one another like something precious. The pain that Hanzo has had to wade through in order to get to this point — to hold and caress another person after suffering through such a horrific loss — is nigh impossible for Kuai Liang to imagine. He must be blessed, being able to be that new person, to be the one to make Hanzo happy. The thought is enough to bring him back to tears again.“I want to be with you, Liang.”Kuai Liang finally lifts his head, peering down at Hanzo’s hazy face with his heart beating so fast it may just burst here and now. The words fill him with such joy that he isn’t sure what he could say in response that would reflect how wonderful it is to hear those simple words.It isn’t “I love you,” but it may as well be. They'll get to that point in time, when it isn’t so hard to escape the past. For now, all he can do is be honest, and it is so, so easy.“I want to be with you, too.”



LIANG & HANZO
Chapter Summary
It’s Kuai Liang’s birthday. He couldn’t be happier.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




For many years, he relied on an alarm clock to wake him up, rouse him from sleep in the comfortable marsh that was his bed. Every morning, woken before the sun could even begin to rise over to horizon.It was always harder in the winter, buried beneath a fleece blanket and a thick duvet meant to keep him warm through the night, but often was just as successful at pinning him to the mattress.He had gotten so used to sleeping alone, hadn’t shared a bed with anyone who wasn’t his brother since they were children. Back then, it was about security and a lack of room. As an adult, it became a lonely venture, safe with the deadlock turned in and nestled in a bed that was too large for him.Most days, he still wakes up alone, the twinkling sound of birdsong and guqin’s strings interrupting whatever banal dream he was in the midst of having. Some of those days, he’d rather endure yet another dream where he accidentally left one of his textbooks at home or even the nightmare of when he came home and discovered Bi-Han missing. Loneliness — and the depression that likes to cling to it — have a way of depriving one of their most basic motivations. He had learned that the hard way.But today, he is roused not by recording birds or a guqin, but rather light shining over his shut eyes and something caressing the below edge of his cheekbone.It’s almost routine now, beginning his day like this a few days of the month, but he doesn’t think he’ll ever tire of it.Slowly, he opens his eyes — lids still heavy with sleep — and is met with Hanzo, dark hair pooling over the pillowcase and cascading over his neck. A smile appears on his lips, stretching lazily across his face as he rubs the pad of his thumb over Kuai Liang’s cheek.He must have slept hard to have stayed in past sunrise — peacefully, too, if he can’t remember having any dreams at all. Hardly a surprise. He always sleeps better with Hanzo at his side.Kuai Liang reaches out, unearthing his hand from the blankets and laying it over Hanzo’s waist. He pulls him in, bringing their hips nearly flush. “Good morning,” he says, voice gravelly and scratchy from lack of use.Hanzo leans in for a kiss, his breath far from pleasant but Kuai Liang not finding the heart to care. Their lips meet softly for a simple peck and he loves how warm Hanzo feels under his hands, how soft his skin feels, how natural it all is to have him here in his bed and his apartment.He hopes that, in the near future, he can wake like this every morning.When they part, Hanzo’s smile grows wider and Kuai Liang finds his own doing the same.“Happy birthday, Liang.”



Chapter End Notes
It's hard to know what to say four years and over a hundred thousand words later. I want to say thank you to everyone who has read this silly fic of mine, especially those of you who've been here since the beginning. It's been a long wait and taken a lot of patience, but we made it! The fact that so many of you have stuck by confectionery to the very end means the absolute world to me.Thank you for joining me on the ride. ♡



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



