



Crime and Punishment - spunlikesugar - wanpanman One-Punch Man
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Crime and Punishment
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5852782.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ワンパンマン | One-Punch Man
Relationship:
Genos/Saitama (One-Punch Man)
Character:
Genos (One-Punch Man), Saitama (One-Punch Man), Fubuki (One-Punch Man)
Additional Tags:
Humor, Light Dom/sub, By which I mean aggressive!Saitama, And a very eager to please Genos, Smut, Public Sex, Orgasm Denial
Stats:

        Published: 2016-01-30
          Completed: 2016-02-17
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 8141
      

Crime and Punishment
by spunlikesugar
Summary
Genos uses a new tactic to get Saitama to attend a wedding with him. It backfires. Or not. Depends on how you look at it.
Notes
Hey everyone. So the other day I was talking to the wonderfully talented sai-pop and asked if she had anything she’d like me to write. She gave me a list of stuff she’d gotten in her asks and my prompt ended up being “suit+tie, sucking dick, sucking dick, ahh...sucking banana, oh wait here's one- sex on a roof top.” I know I didn’t have to do them all, but I did, and here you go!Actually, there’s only one dick sucking in this, I’m sorry.p.s., This was supposed to be a drabble and ended up close to 5k???? Wtf.Inspirations:Everything on sai-pop’s tumblr.Several pieces of furaitsu’s art, especially this one (I do love me some breathplay haha)The image of Genos being a good boy, @sensei-bot:  here.Genos’ slicked back hair: oekaki-chan, here.I think that’s all. Go and check out all of that amazing art!

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



 “We have to go to a what?” asks Saitama, looking up from his manga.“A wedding, sensei,” says Genos and Saitama immediately looks back down at what he’d just been reading. That’s a whole lotta nope. He doesn’t say it out loud, but it’s pretty clear what his answer is. There are a few seconds of silence while that sinks in with his disciple.He hears Genos heave a long-suffering sigh and shuffle off to the kitchen, but pays it no mind. He’s not really upset, he probably only brought it up because he thought Saitama might be interested in the free food.“What’s for dinner?” he asks when he starts to hear the sound of a knife meeting the cheap plastic cutting board they have in the kitchen.“Curry,” says Genos and Saitama smiles. Genos is really the best roommate he could ask for. He cooks, he cleans, and he doesn’t even take up that much room, which is particularly useful considering the small size of their abode.Plus there is the small fact that he’s amazing at sucking dick and that he isn’t exactly hard on the eyes.All in all, a good thing that Saitama happened across him that day with the mosquitoes. Well...Genos would be scrap metal if he hadn’t, so a really good thing.Having looked up from the manga, he catches sight of the invitation Genos left on the table, and with a furtive glance into the kitchen, he scoots forward to peer at the little card. It’s cream-coloured, about the size of a postcard, and in flowery, cursive writing, it “Formally Invites Mr. Genos and Mr. Saitama to the Wedding of…”At the bottom it politely asks them to RSVP, followed by a suggestion of where to get gifts. That’s pretty obnoxious, isn’t it? Telling people where to get gifts? And should he be offended that they only get the one invitation for the two of them now, like they’re married or something?Anyway, the wedding is only a month from now. “Don’t people usually give more notice for weddings?” he half asks, half complains to Genos when he returns with two steaming bowls of rice and curry.“They wanted a short engagement,” says Genos, “And anyway, most of their guests will be heroes. Unless there is an emergency during that time, they are unlikely to have other obligations.”“Hm,” says Saitama and digs into his food, noticing only when he’s nose-deep in the bowl that Genos is staring at him. He pulls back a little, thinking Genos is waiting for approval of the food, “Thank you Genos, this is really good.”“I appreciate you saying so, but I was hoping perhaps we could discuss attending the wedding a little more.”“Ah…look,” says Saitama, wiping his face with his forearm, “Weddings aren’t really my thing. Or you know, parties in general. I always end up awkwardly hovering at the side of the room and ruining it for everyone else.”“I’m sure that won’t be the case this time, sensei.”“Why’s that? It’s not like I’ve become any better at socialising, don’t try to tell me that I have,” Genos’ mouth clicks shut, “Plus we’d have to dress up, buy a gift. It’s just a lot of work.”He returns to eating, only to have to stop thirty seconds later when their eye contact becomes uncomfortable. How Genos’ eyes can get so big and shiny when he wants them to is a mystery to Saitama, “Stop that.”Genos prods at his own bowl of curry with the tips of his chopsticks, “Stop what, sensei?” Oh, the innocent act, alright.“Making that damn puppy dog face. You can go by yourself if you want, but I’m not coming!”“Okay,” says Genos with a sigh, “You’re not coming.”Saitama nods, satisfied, and goes back to eating his curry.   “Com’ere,” mumbles Saitama, groping for Genos in the dark. Genos acquiesces, and allows himself to be dragged closer, lying still as Saitama drapes himself over him, “You’re so toasty.”“Yes, I am a running piece of machinery,” says Genos as if they haven’t already had this exchange two hundred times.Geez, Genos is so smooth and warm. Like having a…a hairdryer in his bed. Saitama presses up against him, as close as he can get, sliding a hand up and over his stomach and chest. At first, sleeping with Genos had been a challenge – he isn’t exactly soft – but they have, by now, worked out several positions that are mutually comfortable.Saitama isn’t in one of them, currently.He trails his hand back down, sliding it down and around to the interior of one metal thigh, only to have his wrist caught and his palm relocated back up to Genos’ chest. “Not tonight, sensei,” mutters Genos quietly, which would be a totally normal thing in most relationships, but which sends Saitama reeling.
What.
Genos never turns him down! He is literally always in the mood. Too much in the mood, most nights, with an enthusiasm that is somewhat incomparable with any previous experience in Saitama’s life.Mood sobered a little, he raises his head, trying to see Genos’ face in the dim light. He looks alright, features serene, but he asks anyway, “You okay?”Genos’ eyes open, glowing faintly in the dark room. The circles of gold flicker over to regard him, “I am absolutely fine,” says Genos, “It’s just that sensei insisted that he is not coming and I would not want him to break his word.”“W-what word,” he splutters, and sees one corner of Genos’ mouth quirk up.He sits up completely. Genos remains on his back, looking up at him, eyes half-lidded. “Saitama-sensei, you seemed quite emphatic earlier today that you did not want to come.”This little shit.“To the wedding, yeah!”Genos shrugs, says, “Sensei can let me know if he changes his mind,” and rolls over onto his side, away from Saitama.Saitama sits and stares at the back of his head for a few seconds.Who the fuck taught Genos to do this? Prior to this, he was unaware that Genos even had an ‘off’ switch when it came to sex.Who the fuck did this????Saitama can’t imagine King or Bang telling him to withhold sex to get what he wants, and Genos would never listen to that ninja guy even if he for some reason decided to offer him advice.Who else does Genos even know? That doctor guy, but that's hardly likely...does he associate with anyone else? He only seems to spend time with people in Saitama's circle, and even then, it's often begrudgingly. Who the heck told him to do this...he doesn't know anyone this big of a troublemaker...Wait, yes he does, and he saw them last week.Fubuki, the likely suspect. She totally would tell Genos something like this. If he runs into her, she is in serious trouble. Corrupting a young mind, how dare she?Saitama lies back down, arms crossed over his chest. He’s not going to give in to this kind of behaviour. There’s no way Genos can keep this up for a month.   Genos keeps it up for a month.Saitama isn’t sure how it happened that sex can now work as an incentive for him, being that he has gone for long stretches of time without it and without missing it, but this fucker, Genos, is doing his best to make sure every day is painful. It’s less the lack of sex, he concludes, and more the fact that Genos is teasing him relentlessly.“Stop that!”“Stop what, sensei?” asks Genos, innocently, with the goddamn shiny eyes. His irises look like melted gold, fucking hell that is not fair. What is wrong with that perverted doctor, giving him powers like this?Saitama flings his hands up into the air, “You’re basically giving that banana a blowjob!”“I’m not sure what you mean,” says Genos and goes for another bite, lips softly closing around it and resting there entirely too long before he commits with his teeth. Not that Saitama wants him biting but who the fuck knew that someone’s mouth could look good around a banana?His dick is hard in his pants from Genos eating breakfast.“I swear to god, Genos,” he growls, “I’m going to pin you down and--”Genos stands up, tosses away his banana skin, “Not now, sensei, I have to get ready for the wedding.”The wedding is today? So then that means this nightmare is almost over! He sighs in relief, “So when you get back, we’re going to…” he waggles his eyebrows, certain that Genos will get what he means.Genos obviously does, but does not give a satisfactory response. He raises his eyebrows and smiles, just a tiny little smile, and turns to disappear into the bathroom.“What does that mean?” yells Saitama after him. Genos shrugs and shuts the door behind him.Oh fuck. What does that mean?! Yes or no? Is he going to be permanently cut off if he doesn’t go to this freaking wedding? Saitama buries his face in his hands. Damnit, he’s made it a month, he can go one more day, right?Right?…right?Saitama wrings his hands, looks at the closed bathroom door.No.No he can’t.He slides open the closet, hunting through it for something good to wear. He had a suit, years ago, when he’d been working (or trying to work, anyway), it might still be somewhere in here.He’s not sure whether it’ll still fit on him, now that he’s more muscular, but it’s all he has unless he wants to show up to a wedding with the word “boobs” written on his chest. Hopefully he had remembered to pack it away properly so that it isn’t covered in dust or half-eaten by insects or something.He doesn’t find the old suit, but there is something else in the closet, in a garment bag he doesn’t recognize. Genos’ suit? He unzips it to see dark material, gleaming and new. Yep, it’s a jacket. He runs his hand down the front of it, the expensive-looking fabric buttery and soft.Christ, so now he’ll have to be seen next to Genos wearing this fucking thing, and he’s going to be in…what? What does he even have that qualifies as ‘nice clothing’?“So you’re going to go?” asks an excited-sounding Genos from right behind him and Saitama jumps, startled. He’d been so engrossed in the garment bag that he hadn’t heard him approach.He turns, intending to tell his meddling apprentice that he doesn’t have anything to wear to it, so no, but the words leave him completely. Genos is already wearing a suit and holy fuck it looks good.This might be the first time Saitama has ever seen him with sleeves, dark material all the way down to his wrists where a sliver of white shirt peeks out before meeting the pewter colour of his hands. His shirt is buttoned all the way up, white collar against a black neck, black tie hanging neatly down the centre of his chest.Saitama’s mouth hangs open and all he manages to do work his jaw a little more open and then a little more closed, like a gasping fish dragged out of the water. Genos’ hair is pushed back off his face and if Saitama had thought he was hard before with the banana, well…he was wrong.Genos seems puzzled at his gaping mouth and frowns, “So you’re coming to the wedding, yes? That suit is for you.”“Where…when did you get that?”“Well, I wasn’t sure if sensei would actually come, but I had hoped you would, and anyway, I thought even if you didn’t want to come to the wedding you might like a formal outfit for future occasions,” oh no, Genos looks so happy. He should tell him no. Or tell him how handsome he is. One of the two.“How did you get your arms into those sleeves?” is all he manages.“Oh, ah, the doctor made me some arms with slightly smaller shoulders. My arms are generally a normal size, it’s just the shoulders that make it difficult to wear an average shirt,” Saitama can’t stop staring at him. He looks a little smaller without the big shoulders, but fuck he’s still so hot. Stupid Genos.“Ah, sensei,” Genos mumbles, starting to go pink under his gaze, “Is something wrong? Am I not dressed appropriately?” He shifts self-consciously, pulling at the cuffs of his sleeves and pushing a flat palm down his stomach to straighten his tie.“You’re…” Saitama searches desperately for the next word and ends up landing on, “Fine.”“Thank you, sensei,” says Genos, and unhooks the other suit from the railing, pushing it into Saitama’s hands, “Now, you should get dressed, we need to leave soon if we’re going to make it on time.”   “Looking good, baldy,” says Fubuki, drifting up to him at the reception. Saitama has been attempting to get drunk in a corner, but people won’t leave him alone long enough and the champagne isn’t very strong. Fubuki herself is looking alright, in a tight green dress. Judging by the reactions of the other men in the room, he’s lucky to be talking to her.He doesn’t feel too lucky.“Whatever,” he says, and finishes his (sixth?) glass of champagne, looking around for a place to put it. There isn’t one so he puts it on the floor next to the wall.“Well, come on, it is an improvement over what you’re usually in.”That’s true, but Saitama’s usual clothing costs him next to nothing, and this suit…he doesn’t even want to think about the price of this thing. “Yeah, well, compliment Genos on it, not me.”“I figured he bought it for you. There’s no way you would have spent that much money.”He snorts. Guess he’s pretty obvious about that facet of his personality.“Anyway, Genos doesn’t need any more compliments from me,” she continues, taking a sip of her own, nearly-full glass, “He seems to be getting quite enough attention on his own.”True enough. Saitama hasn’t been near Genos for the last couple of hours, as he seems to have attracted a cloud of people (mostly women) who follow him everywhere he goes. He looks a little dismayed by it, actually, having already tried being rude to them and somehow not dissuading anyone. Saitama would rescue him, except that Genos deserves to be punished for being such a little brat over the last month.“You as well. You should consider dressing up more often.”Eh? He hasn’t been getting much attention. Just those girls earlier who kept asking him for an autograph, and the other lady who’d mistakenly tried to give him her room key.“Nah,” he says, “It’s pretty uncomfortable.”Fubuki sighs and presses her fingers to her face, “You’re so obtuse.”They stand in silence for a few seconds, looking out at the dancefloor where Metal Bat has attracted a crowd of onlookers by dancing, rather adorably, with his younger sister. “Oh yeah,” says Saitama, suddenly remembering, and at her questioning noise, he turns to look at her, seriously, “have you been telling my disciple how to manipulate me?”She looks halfway between crumpling with fear and laughing, peering at him through the gaps in the fingers she still has splayed on her face. So it was her. “Did it work?” she asks, voice wavering with what could have been laughter, could have been horror.“Well, I’m here, aren’t I?”“Oh,” she says, and then, with a sly smile, “This hotel has a rooftop viewing area in case you’re looking for some privacy later.”   “Dancing with sensei was wonderful,” gushes Genos as they climb the stairs. “Thank you so much for the honour.”Saitama rolls his eyes, “It was hardly anything, Genos.”“It was to me,” sighs his troublesome student, sounding very much like a teenaged girl, “Having sensei holding me close.”Saitama can’t help but smile a little. Genos is easily pleased, which is good because Saitama isn’t much for romantic gestures. He has to admit though, dancing with Genos on the floor had been nice, holding him tightly and spinning him around (a little offbeat, he’ll admit) to the music. A little nerve-wracking having everyone watch them, but it helps to know that Genos doesn’t give a flying fuck what anyone thinks of him (only what people think of Saitama).Well, he’s glad Genos is having a good time because he’s about to pay the price of Saitama’s admission to this wedding.“Where are we going?” asks the cyborg from several steps behind Saitama, “What was it you wanted to show me?”“You’ll see,” he says, finally reaching the top of the stairwell, pushing open the door to the rooftop. They’re on the highest building for miles, alone as though atop an island in the sea. The rooftop deck is not expansive, just a wooden structure with metal handrails around the edges, a few tables and chairs dotted around the area. Probably just something to put in the hotel brochure as a selling point, despite no-one ever using it. Indeed, there is no-one else up here now, which is good because things would have been about to get awkward if there were.The evening sun hangs low in the air, throwing bent lines of golden light across the roof, and he turns just in time to see as Genos exits through the door. The change of pressure creates a breeze into the stairwell, brushing the few errant strands of blonde hair back off his face. His eyes and hair gleam in the light.He looks happy.Saitama slams the door shut behind him and shoves Genos so hard into it that he dents the metal. “Sensei, what--?” is all Genos manages before Saitama kisses him, pushing him harder into the surface behind. It squeaks in protest under their combined weight and the pressure exerted by Saitama.Genos desperately kisses him back, hands clutching at his suit jacket and mouth hot and insistent. He rolls his body forward to increase the contact, making a desperate little noise in the back of his throat.Ah, seems Saitama hasn’t been the only one suffering over the last month.Saitama gets a grip on the door, denting his fingers into it, and uses the leverage to pull himself closer, so that Genos’ chest can hardly expand to breathe. There are no complaints from his partner, only an open mouth and eager tongue.“I’m sorry, sensei,” Genos is gasping as soon as Saitama pulls back, co-operating as Saitama shucks him of his jacket and gets a hold of his tie. He’s wearing a freaking waistcoat beneath his jacket, how had Saitama not noticed this? It closes perfectly across his broad chest, as though custom-made just for him, “I’m sorry.”“You will be,” promises Saitama and Genos swallows heavily, his face already red and messy just from being kissed. Saitama pushes gently on his shoulder and Genos drops to his knees, looking very much like a man eager to worship. He keeps a hold on the tie, twisting it to the side of Genos’ collar as the other man unbuttons Saitama’s pants with practised ease, pulling down the zipper and getting his cool, metal fingers into his underwear.Saitama doesn’t let him have a moment to admire his cock, just crowds him further against the door and presses forward, the cyborg’s mouth opening willingly to take him in. His pale pink tongue rests between Saitama’s dick and his teeth and he slides it down until it hits the back of his throat, then takes the last inch down past his gag reflex.Holy fuck.The cyborg has really improved at giving blowjobs since they started…dating or whatever they are. Saitama rests his right forearm and his forehead against the cool door, curving over Genos. Shit, he could come at any second if he’s not careful.In a thoughtless attempt to warn his partner not to be quite so zealous, Saitama yanks upwards with the tie still clenched in his left hand. That backfires. Genos jerks, chokes just a little, and Saitama loosens it and pulls back, so that only the head of his dick is resting against the smooth tongue, “Okay?” he asks, and Genos nods fervently.“Yes, sensei,” he says, voice rough and needy. His mouth moves against the sensitive head of his cock as he speaks and he’s still trying to suck on it even while Saitama’s trying to talk to him. So Saitama does it again, holding it taught so that the knot pulls up against the side of his jaw and the loop of the tie that should be behind his neck presses against his throat. This time, without his mouth full, Saitama can savour the little noise he makes, an “ahhh,” that tips up at the end. It sounds like it’s been ripped straight from a porno.“Go on then,” he says and Genos surges forward, choking himself harder on the tight material around his neck with every bob of his head. What a devoted student, he thinks and chuckles breathily where his forehead grinds into his own hand. “Good boy,” he says, looking down. From this angle he can see Genos’ thick mop of blonde hair, his neck tipped up by the tie and his face red and wet. His eyes are almost closed, staring forward, focussed on what he’s doing, but when he hears Saitama’s praise, he raises them to meet his gaze.The eye contact makes Saitama shudder forward, rocking his pelvis in and out jerkily, “Oh fuck,” groans Saitama and wrenches Genos’ head back off his dick. His cock twitches as the impending orgasm ebbs away, and Genos coughs and splutters, trying to wipe saliva from his chin.Fuck…that was close. “Get your pants off,” he says, letting go of the tie and taking two steps back. Genos scrambles to do so, unbuckling his belt without preamble and standing so he can step out of them.He pushes his sleeves up to his elbows, revealing dark grey arms with darker grey laser-burned etchings and smooth, small-jointed hands and fingers. They don’t look suited for battle, they’re too well-decorated, too delicate. Saitama can only assume they’re dress arms.“Over here,” he says, giving Genos a generous push. He stumbles towards the railing, making a surprised noise when Saitama pushes his hands down onto it and yanks back his hips.“Here? Sensei, someone could see us!”Saitama personally doubts it, Genos’ scanners are too good to let them get surprised, but he does suppose there could be someone watching on a camera or from far away. The thought makes him shiver, “You’d like that, huh,” is what he says, and kicks Genos’ feet further apart so that he sinks lower, pressing a hand up under Genos’ belly to guide him into place. He’s leant over at a ninety-degree angle now, his arms extended to grasp the railing, head between his upper arms, his ass pushed out invitingly.Genos moans, which is as good an answer as any, so Saitama lines up his dick and pushes into him without further preamble. His cock is still slick with spit, and Genos’ insides are moist and lubricated by design, so there’s no chafing. Even so, he’s tight, unbelievably so, “Ahhh!” groans Genos, his fists tightening around the railings so that they creak under his grip. It probably hurts quite a bit, since Saitama didn’t bother doing any prep on him, but Genos doesn’t seem concerned by the pain, trying to push himself backwards to get Saitama as deep as possible.Saitama has to hold him still for a few seconds, because even just entering him has brought him close to the edge again.It actually works in his favor, because a desperate Genos begins to whine and try to move his hips back and forth, failing to get any movement with Saitama’s fingers curled around his pelvis.“Please, please,” he gasps, over and over.“No,” says Saitama, “You have to wait.”Genos makes a noise of frustration and disgust and Saitama sniggers. Payback’s a bitch and he enjoys watching Genos squirm.“Hold on tight,” he says, once he thinks he’s far enough from the edge that he can actually have sex without coming right away, and Genos does, obediently gripping the railing as Saitama eases out before slamming back in. Even with the warning it seems that Genos is not quite prepared for the force with which Saitama fucks him, arms nearly buckling under the first forceful thrust.He keeps up the pace as he reaches up with one hand, loosening his own tie from where it’s starting to feel tight around his neck. He looks down at the fine black fabric stretched across Genos’ well-shaped back, chuckling at how it fits him like a glove but his white shirt spills out from under it, bottom hem now pushed up messily over his hips.“Ah, sensei,” Genos begins to ramble, “It feels so good, I’m so sorry, thank you Sensei, thank you,” and other such nonsense that is typical of Genos during a particularly vigorous sex session. Usually it’s without the apology, though Saitama can’t say he’s not happy that Genos is sorry after forcing both of them to go through a month of celibacy.“Are you gonna come soon?” he asks Genos and gets a vigorous head nod in response.Best to wrap this up then. With one hand in Genos’ hair and the other looped under his hips, he snaps forward twice – three times more – and with a stifled grunt, comes. “Fuck,” he gasps, rhythm stuttering to almost nothing as he pulses inside the cyborg, who’s gasping for air and still clutching the bannister.For a few seconds, he holds onto him, holds them together as he lets his heart slow down.Then he pulls out and admires the mess he’s made.“Did you come?” he asks Genos, who shakes his head as he takes three steps forward to lift his upper body up from what had surely been a taxing position. The metal bannister is sporting some pretty defined hand-marks. Saitama wishes he could see the reaction of whatever hotel official discovers these.“No, sensei,” he says.“Good, get dressed,” Saitama says, zipping up his trousers and busying himself with his belt as Genos whips around.“W-what?” he looks dismayed, his desperate face still roughly the same colour as a tomato, “You’re not going to finish me off?”“Nope, and you’re not either, not ‘til we get home,” Saitama crosses the rooftop back to the door, retrieving Genos’ pants and throwing them at him. Genos catches them and then stands there looking at him like he doesn’t speak the same language. “Put them on, we’re going back to the wedding.”“Why?”“Why do you think?” Saitama chuckles, “You did it to me for a whole month.”With a trembling lip, Genos does get redressed, tucking his shirt into his pants like it’s physically painful for him, and attempting to fix the tie around his neck with hands that don’t seem to be responding properly. “You’re a mess,” Saitama tells him, and it’s true, his once neatly groomed hair can now only be described as either sex hair or bed head, depending on how kind you’re feeling. For once, being bald has its benefits.“Please fix it for me, sensei,” Genos asks humbly, head bowed, and Saitama does his best, running his hands through it in an attempt to get it to lay flat as it had before. Then he picks up Genos’ jacket, gives it to him and wrenches the now badly dented door to the roof open. Genos doesn’t put the jacket on, just lays it over his arm, leaving his shirt sleeves pushed up to the elbows.Saitama likes those arms. They almost look like pieces of art, the way the etchings move over the pewter coloured metal. The Genos equivalent of tattoos, only he can exchange his arms any time he likes. He’ll have to get Genos naked when they get home and see them all the way up to the shoulder.For now the escapade on the roof is more than enough, especially now that he’s planning to stay for the entire wedding just to watch Genos squirm. He’s full of come and sexually frustrated and no-one downstairs will know.Fubuki winks at him when they re-enter the ballroom. Well, perhaps one person will know.Genos, in a daze, doesn’t notice her, drifting somewhat numbly back across the dancefloor to where their table awaits. He doesn’t sit, just lays his jacket over the back of the chair and sort-of hovers as his fanclub begins to reassemble, smiling wanly at them even as Saitama can see him gently shifting from foot to foot. That’ll teach him to take advice from Blizzard.Saitama smirks. Gives her the finger. She laughs and goes to dance. 



Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
For Feylen, a super adorable little punk who bribed me to write more porn by drawing me this.



I am extremely easy to bribe, it is a character flaw of mine >>



 Saitama is pretty drunk by the time they stumble home and he collapses onto his still-folded futon. It therefore seems like a good idea to yell, “Don’t jack off in there,” to Genos as he disappears into the bathroom.Then he falls soundly asleep. He wakes up the next morning, hungover and thirsty, atop a properly laid-out futon, with his duvet pulled up to his chin. He’s mostly undressed, now in only his undershirt and underwear, and he can see that across the room, his suit is hanging neatly from its unzipped garment bag. He’s been taken care of in his drunken stupor by his mom-friend-cyborg-roommate-sex-buddy.Genos is quietly clinking around the kitchen, moving pans and dishes as the smell of something cooking rises into the air. Beside him, on the table, a glass of water, which he rolls over to grab and eagerly drains.Ah Genos, always so thoughtful.“Oh, sensei, you’re awake,” says Genos as he putters out of the kitchen, bowls of food in hand. The first thing Saitama notices is that he’s still wearing the damn dress arms, hasn’t switched them out for ordinary housework arms yet. The second thing he notices is how good they look against the pale pink of his apron. Genos puts the food down on the table and Saitama sits up to eat it, still firmly wrapped in his duvet.“Did you have a good time last night?” Genos asks him politely, and Saitama nods.“I guess it wasn’t so bad.”They eat in silence for a few moments, though it’s clear from looking at him that something is on Genos’ mind. Saitama doesn’t bother asking him what, as he knows it’s coming regardless of his level of interest.“Um, so sensei,” says Genos as if on cue, and his eyes dart away, “Did you…was it okay…on the roof?”“Hm?” asks Saitama, mouth full of egg. Oh. Right. The roof, “Ah, yeah, it was good.”“That is good to hear. I was worried, because,” Genos still isn’t looking at him, “Well, because you wouldn’t let me…I thought perhaps you hadn’t enjoyed it and you were upset with me for the last month. I wondered if my sexual performance last night was inadequate…”Saitama swallows his next bite with a dry throat. The lump feels the size of an orange, “You didn’t get yourself off last night?”“Well, no,” says Genos, shifting uncomfortably where he’s sitting, straight-backed and in seiza position, “You told me not to.”Alright, so Saitama’s now sporting a chub. Why does this guy do whatever he says without question? After a month of no sex, he fucks Genos within an inch of his life on a rooftop and then when they get home he doesn’t even finish himself off? What a good sport.“I guess we could do it today,” he says, trying to maintain an air of nonchalance, “If you want.”Genos nods frantically, gaze firmly attached to the tabletop, “Yes, sensei, please!”“Do you still have that, uh, that toy you bought,” Saitama scratches the side of his face and then his stomach with blunt nails, watching as Genos’ facial expression changes.Genos stares at him for a few seconds, eyes wide, and then crawls over to the closet on his hands and knees to retrieve a shoebox from one of the lower corners. It gives Saitama quite the view of his fabric-covered ass for the few seconds it takes to drag it out and back. “It’s in here, sensei,” he says, putting it atop the table and sliding it over a little.Saitama pushes it back over with his index finger, “Don’t give it to me, I don’t want it.”“Oh,” says Genos, and pulls the box back to himself, “What would you like me to do with it, sensei?”“What do you think?”Genos shifts where he sits, like he can hardly contain himself; takes the lid off the box. As Genos had promised when they’d gotten the damn thing, it’s well hidden, beneath a bunch of papers and carefully wrapped and placed in a sunglasses case. Genos lets the egg-shaped silicone roll out onto his palm, the wire drooping off his hand between his index finger and thumb.Though Saitama had complained about it when they’d first gotten this, he’s not going to lie: it turns him on to see it now, sitting so quietly in Genos’ palm, knowing where it’s going and how it will no longer be still once it’s up there.The little tube of lubrication is in the same case, and Genos places it on the tabletop beside the vibrator.There’s a pause, so Saitama says, “Go on then.”Genos nods a couple times and looks embarrassed as he moves, unbuttons his pants and pushes them down over his hips, reaching back behind himself to prod at his entrance with a finger. “No, turn around,” Saitama says, popping a piece of toast in his mouth and chewing absently on it as Genos dutifully turns. At this angle, Saitama can just see where his finger disappears into himself, the smooth silver metal dipping into his soft interiors.Saitama pushes a palm down against his rapidly rising dick, as Genos carefully prepares himself, pressing down harder when Genos takes the lubrication and spreads it carefully over the toy.He has to tip forward a little to get a good angle to push it in, and it certainly improves Saitama’s view as the pink vibrator disappears, gradually at first before it suddenly sinks in all the way, Genos closing up around it until all that’s visible is the slender pink wire. Genos makes a little noise, and gently shifts back down to rest on his knees again.Toast dry in his mouth, Saitama twirls his finger when Genos glances back over his shoulder at him, and Genos turns again to face him. “Gimme the controls,” says Saitama around a mouthful of bread, and Genos does, the thin cord connecting vibrator to remote stretched taught across the table.Usually Genos complains nearly non-stop during sex, begging and whining and making a lot of really annoying noises, but today he’s doing as asked. It’s kind of nice.  “Why are you being so obedient today?” he asks as he looks at the remote with its five speed settings.“I regret denying sensei for the past month, and I feel that if I can make amends I shooo-uulddd--!!”Saitama leaves the setting on two.Genos stares at him, attempting a face of impassivity, and squirms ever so slightly. He seems unwilling to admit that it feels amazing (which it looks like it must), and so Saitama stays silent as well. They sit quietly for a couple of minutes, until Saitama is done his toast and then gets to his feet, intending to take his empty plates to the kitchen. Genos’ food is barely touched and he leaves it there.Putting his dishes in the sinks, he peers back through the opening from kitchen to living room. Genos, thinking he’s now alone, is gritting his teeth and shifting, wriggling around like a worm on a hook. It’s pretty gratifying after all that banana sucking and other nonsense in the last few weeks.In a burst of sadism, Saitama decides to forgo the immediate gratification of fucking him now, and instead says as he re-enters the room, cold drink in hand, “Alright, pants back on.”“Sensei!”“Pants. On,” Saitama says and takes the couple of steps necessary to kick his trousers towards him with his foot. Shakily, Genos gets to his feet, pulling his pants up his legs, buttoning them, with, as he had last night, a look of pain on his face. “Alright,” he says, reaching over to the closet and pulling Genos’ apron off its hanger with a flourish, “You’d better get started on your chores, don’t you think?”“Sensei, please, this is very unfair.”Saitama shrugs, and pushes the apron over Genos’ head, turning him around, yanking the waist tie back and tightly tying it into a bow. He wraps the cord for the remote around the band at his waist, tying it so that the control is held in the middle of the bow. After a moment of admiring his handiwork, he turns it up to three.Genos wobbles precariously.Saitama chuckles, slaps him on the ass and then meanders back to his futon, collapsing onto it and looking up at his disciple, who’s standing practically knock-kneed on the other side of the table. He doesn’t look very focussed, so Saitama throws him a suggestion as he reaches for the television remote, “How about starting the laundry?”“Uh, yes, sensei,” mumbles Genos and shuffles off.Before he forgets, Saitama yells, “Oh, and Genos, don’t come, okay? You tell me if you’re getting close.”“Yes, sensei,” comes the dejected answer, and he can hear it as Genos opens the washing machine. He switches on the news and rolls onto his stomach to watch it, ignoring the way his dick presses between his belly and the sheets. More fun to let it play out, and anyway, this kind of torture requires next to no effort from Saitama himself, which is possibly the best thing about it.To his credit, Genos does last quite a long time before complaining, managing to start the laundry and sweep before he protests, “Sensei, please will you let me come? This is painful!”“Eh, painful? Why? Is it in wrong?”“It isn’t damaging me in any way, sensei, but the sensations are overwhelming, and I’m not sure that they are pleasant any longer.”“Genos,” says Saitama, looking up from the TV, “Learning to continue on despite these feelings will make you stronger.”Genos’ eyes go round and he nods, seeming to steel himself and continue on. There’s a determined look on his face.What an airhead.The cyborg starts on the dishes.A few minutes later, there’s a commercial break, so Saitama stands, stretches. Slinks into the kitchen and presses his body up against Genos’ back and ass. He’s trembling against him so Saitama turns the dial up to four, and Genos’ legs actually give out. He has to hold him up, three hundred pounds of metal resting against his chest.Genos would not do well with an ordinary person as a sex-partner.Less than a minute later he’s gasping, “Sensei, I’m going to--”And Saitama turns it off completely.With a groan of agony, Genos bucks in his hold, thrashing between him and the counter as though that might deliver some sensation.“What’s wrong?” asks Saitama, “You didn’t seem to have a problem with not coming for the last month while teasing me relentlessly.”“You – That is not a comparable situation, sensei!”“No?”“This has gone way beyond what I was doing to you,” gasps Genos raggedly. He sounds a little angry. That’s hot, “Sensei, this is completely unfair.”“So you admit you were teasing me then?”“Y-yes,” he mutters, dipping his head, “I apologize.”“Ah, alright then,” he says, and turns it back on to two. Genos sags forward and makes a noise that Saitama isn’t sure how to describe, “Finish the dishes and I’ll fuck you. If you come in the meantime, you’ll have that in for the rest of the week.”“Nngh,” says Genos.Saitama lies on his back in the living room, again ignoring the throbbing in his dick. Why has he never done this before? This is fun. He gropes for the manga he’d had last night, flipping to the page where he’d left off as the sounds of dishes clinking in the kitchen grows angrier. Genos is hurrying.He only gets through three pages before the other man is in the room, marching over and dropping to his knees beside Saitama with a huff of air. Saitama ignores him.He sits and waits, and eventually when the silence has gone on too long, Saitama asks him, “What?”“Sensei, I have completed the dishes.”“That’s good.”Saitama reads another page, paying no mind to Genos shaking in his peripheral vision.“Sensei, you said you would reward me when I finished the chores.”“Did I?”“Yes! Please stop screwing around, Saitama-sensei!”Saitama rolls his head to the side to look at him. His hands are fisted in the apron lying across his thighs, clutching at the material tight enough that it’s in very real danger of tearing. “Oh right, I said I’d fuck you,” says Saitama, and a pink-faced Genos nods emphatically, “I don’t recall specifying when I would fuck you.”“Please!” says Genos, face desperate. Saitama just watches as he abruptly squirms, back twisting, obviously having shifted in some way that improved the contact of the vibrator.Alright, time to move this along. As funny as it is to see him so worked up, it looks like he might incinerate half the furniture at any moment, and that’s an expense Saitama isn’t willing to pay for just a bit of fun.“Alright, alright,” Saitama says and gestures down at his own crotch, “You go for it.”“Thank you!” exclaims Genos and practically lunges for him, hands deftly undoing his belt and pulling down his pants. Saitama doesn’t help except to briefly lift his hips off the floor, feeling his dick suddenly springing up from his pants to slap against his own stomach. He breaks focus from his manga when he hears Genos’ belt, watching as the other man’s pants drop to the floor and he reaches back –“Leave that in,” says Saitama, and Genos drops his hand, mouth opening in surprise.“But I thought you were going to…”“Sure, we can do both at once. There’s a cord on that thing, it’s not going to get lost.”“Are you sure? I’m not certain that the orifice was designed to accommodate multiple objects.”With a shrug, “Well, you can either stick my dick in you or not, that’s up to you, but the vibrator is staying in.”Genos sighs, but, face bright red, does as told, taking the lube from the table, stepping over Saitama and kneeling above his cock. Attempting to look nonchalant, Saitama peers over the top of the manga at him, and then, in a flash of genius, demands, “Turn the other way so I can get at those controls,” and also so that he can watch his dick pushing in alongside the vibrator without the apron obstructing his view, but he doesn’t say that because he’s pretending to be disinterested.With a huff of air, Genos turns to face Saitama’s feet, gets down on his knees, a hand slippery with lube running down Saitama’s cock, cool metal ridges of his fingers slick against his hot skin.  And then, without further ado, without even preparing himself, he sinks down on it, and Saitama gets a great view as his dick joins the pink wire inside Genos. He can feel the vibrator right away, buzzing as the head of his penis pushes it deeper.Genos moans, sinks down until he’s all the way in before rising up and pushing down again. Like last night, the man is obviously too desperate to care about going slowly (thankfully he’s more durable than your average human), tipping forward to put his hands on the floor between Saitama’s legs and sliding his ass up and down. The resultant effect is that it’s like Saitama’s watching a porno, only he can fucking feel everything.Holy shit, he thinks. He’s about to go cross-eyed from how good this feels, so he raises the manga to help cover his face. Still must be a little backed up after the last month of frustration.Every time he’s in all the way, the buzzing intensifies as he touches it and nudges it a little bit deeper, and he reaches out with one hand to click the dial up to three. Genos makes a little strangled gasping noise, his rhythm stuttering to a halt as he sits atop him, dick in all the way. Saitama smacks his ass, “Come on, I thought you wanted to get fucked?”“I thought you weren’t interested in fucking me,” says Genos breathlessly, “Aren’t you reading manga?”Another smack, “Don’t talk back.”Genos restarts his movements and Saitama flips the vibrator up all the way to five, just long enough for him to buck and writhe, before putting it all the way back down to one with a breathy laugh. “You’re…cruel…sensei,” gasps Genos in-between the hard thrusts that he’s inflicting upon himself.Yeah, he probably is, but this is just too good. He can already feel his orgasm building, the throb unbearable as Genos thoroughly fucks himself on Saitama’s dick. Ah, crap, he’s too close, and if he’s not careful the cyborg is going to come too.Abruptly, he pushes Genos forward with a hand between his shoulder-blades, his dick popping out with a very satisfying keen of loss from Genos.Saitama puts down the manga (well, practically flings it across the room), and sits up, dragging Genos over to him. With a couple of quick jerks, he’s coming, cum arcing across Genos’ face and into his open, greedy mouth.Genos sticks out his tongue to make sure he catches as much as he can.Wow, he really is the best roommate ever.Saitama pumps himself a few more times for good measure, just to make sure he’s gotten it all out. Then, with a gasp and a sigh, he collapses back down onto his futon, arm flung over his eyes. Well, he’s about ready for a nap.“Sensei!” demands Genos and Saitama peers out from beneath his elbow, “You cannot leave me like this!”He looks like he’s about to lose his mind, and Saitama thinks about taking pity on him, “Why not? I told you I’d fuck you and I did. Fair’s fair.”“Please let me come too, Sensei! Please!” Genos begs him, eyes wide in his cum-splattered face.“Ugh,” said Saitama, “Fine, come here.”Genos does, crawling over until he’s close enough that Saitama can reach the vibrator controls. Without warning, he turns it up all the way from one to five, watching as Genos goes rigid and then tries to arch his back, curving him erotically backwards. “Ah, it’s too much!”“Make up your mind,” Saitama says and leaves it there despite Genos’ clawing hands trying to grab at the controls, watching as Genos jerks and bucks for a while before finally, finally, tipping over the edge. The sound he makes seems ripped from his throat, his irises disappearing completely as they roll back into his head. A gush of steam erupts from his shoulders and drifts languidly from his open mouth. He’s never seen steam before…is that a new feature or just because that was a really good orgasm?Genos nearly falls to the side, stopping himself at the last second with a hand to the wood of the floor. “Sensei, please turn it off,” he moans, groping fruitlessly for it with his other hand. Saitama slaps it away, fiddling the remote himself.Genos sighs in relief, but Saitama doesn’t pull on the cord or turn it off, merely dials it back down to one and then pats Genos gently on the behind. “There you go.”Sounding a little afraid, Genos mumbles, “Sensei, that’s not off.”“Good, so you’ll be ready to go for next time,” says Saitama, “Alright, go on about your day. I’ll take it out later.”Nearly inaudible, “B-but we need to go grocery shopping.”Saitama snorts a laugh, “Good.” He’s definitely not taking it out now; this should be fun.




Afterword


End Notes
Whose wedding was it? Who knows!!!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



