



crown medallion - followingthesky - daiyafalseA Daiya no A
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

crown medallion
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/9182476.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ダイヤのA | Daiya no A | Ace of Diamond
Relationship:
Miyuki Kazuya/Sawamura Eijun, side!kurawaka
Character:
Miyuki Kazuya, Kuramochi Youichi, Kominato Haruichi, Furuya Satoru, Sawamura Eijun, Aotsuki Wakana, pretty much everyone makes an appearance at some point i think
Additional Tags:
Avatar Last Airbender AU, fire nation prince eijun, waterbender! miyuki, earthbender! kuramochi, healer! wakana
Stats:

        Published: 2017-01-03
          Completed: 2017-06-13
          Chapters: 23/23
        Words: 71263
      

crown medallion
by followingthesky
Summary
Water Tribe Native Miyuki Kazuya leads a ragtag team of benders on a suicide mission to capture the crown prince of the Fire Nation.
Notes
I'M BACK FOLKS HI HELLO HAPPY NEW YEAR *throws disintegrating confetti* back with a new AU! I mean not a NEW au cuz its Avatar (not the blue people, the other one) but yeah. Haven't written anything in a year and suddenly I come back with what looks like a monster in the making (i wanted a oneshot wth) ugh.Anyways enjoy! All feedback is welcome :)

          See the end of the work for more notes





genesis



A majestic structure obscured by clouds and near impossible for outsiders to access, the Southern Temple of the Air Nomads hangs suspended, thousands and thousands of feet in the air. Location a closely guarded secret to non-alllies, this is where the Council of the Allied Nations had chosen to assemble for their war meeting, chances of infiltration unlikely as high up as they were. Three figures sat at a grand table in a vast room, each donning drastically different robes and each face displaying various degrees of distress. Bodyguards from their respective nations stood by at their flanks, focused and alert as a battle they were rapidly losing raged below their feet.   “Our defenses are crumbling! Legions of my men have fallen in battle.” Miyuki’s eyes flicker to the imposing form of Earth Commander Kataoka as he slams a fist onto the round table, causing several people to flinch. Ripples appear upon its surface, disfiguring the intricate carvings upon its once smooth face. “Fire Lord Asano must be stopped, and Sozin’s comet is fast approaching. We are running out of time.” Several feet away from him, Monk Ochiai strokes his greying beard thoughtfully. “Indeed,” he drawls, leaning back in his seat. In the firelight, the lines in the monk’s face appear more pronounced, adding years to his age. And though he maintains a serene exterior, Miyuki recognizes the uneasiness that surrounds him, pristine white robes of the Air Nomads shifting imperceptibly about his form. “Though it is one thing to merely speak of it. What countermeasures may you propose?” “We need more men,” the Commander’s deep voice bellows. “A bigger army–” “Commander,” a sharp voice cuts in crisply. Surprised, the two turn their heads to the third person at the table, and Miyuki stifles a smirk. His Tribe Chief rarely spoke at the Council meetings, but when she did, she commanded the attention of everyone in her vicinity. “You are fully aware that neither of our nations have any more able benders to spare for the war without compromising the defense of our own land.” Miyuki cannot see her face from his position behind his Chief, but he imagines her eyes narrowing behind her thin-rimmed glasses as she continues. “What we need is a different strategy. One that will give us an edge over the powerful Fire Nation while we recover and regroup in order to launch a counterattack before the comet arrives.” Monk Ochiai’s eyebrows quirk up in interest. Behind him, his bodyguards exchange questioning glances. “And am I right to assume that you have a plan, Chief Rei?” He asks. To his right, Commander Kataoka’s eyes bore through her, but the Water Tribe Chief doesn’t flinch under his penetrating gaze. “We shall secure a hostage, and use him as leverage for negotiations,” she says. There is a beat of silence before Commander Kataoka shoots out of his chair, hands balled at his sides. “A hostage? Is this a joke?” The bulky man seethes. Donned in full Earth Kingdom battle armour, his form is imposing as his glare cuts across the table. “The great Fire Lord Asano will not back down an inch because of a mere hostage!” Behind the Commander, his sole bodyguard purses his lips in apprehension, stance ready should his Commander proceed to act upon his rage. Miyuki recognizes this one from previous visits, the earthbender with the spiky green hair and a piercing gaze. It was rare for any of the Council members to come with a single bodyguard, Miyuki muses. He must be a strong bender. He turns his attention to Monk Ochiai, who has disregarded Commander Kataoka’s outburst and is regarding Chief Rei with interest. Hie elbows are places on the uneven surface of the table, sleeves draped over the obscene cracks in the white marble. “And who would this hostage be, to hold such power over the King of the Fire Nation that he should even consider halting his attack?” He questions. Miyuki glances around at guarded faces and meets eyes involuntarily with the green-haired bodyguard, whose eyebrows are furrowed. Upon locking gazes, the earthbender tilts his head the slightest fraction in a silent question to the Water Native. Miyuki nods once in reply. Green eyes widen just as Chief Rei confirms his suspicion out loud. “The sole heir to the Fire Nation throne, Sawamura Eijun. We will capture their crown prince.” There is a collective, muted gasp amongst all the benders in the room at her bold statement, save for Miyuki and his fellow bodyguards who were well-informed of this plan before they even stepped foot out of the South Pole. Green hair’s eyes are narrowed accusingly at Miyuki, though for what reason, Miyuki doesn’t know. He wasn’t the strategist behind this particular plan, no matter how much he wished he were. It was rough around the edges, but still brilliant. He smirks back, and Green hair scoffs and looks away. “I propose we send a small team of benders from the Alliance as an elite extraction squad,” the Water Chief continues, as if there was no interruption. She rests her elbows on the table and interlaces her long fingers. “A big group will only slow them down, and they would get spotted easily. A small group is swift and easy to maneuver.” “This is a suicide mission!” Commander Kataoka barks. “The prince resides within the heart of the Fire Nation Capital. At this stage in the war, it is easily one of the most heavily guarded places in the whole world.” He gestures to his bodyguard in a stiff motion. “I barely have enough men as it is – I am not sending any of my benders on a quest that I know will fail.” “You must also be forgetting,” Monk Ochiai adds, a contemplative set to his features, “that no outsider to the Fire Nation knows what the crown prince looks like. Age, appearance, abilities…. nothing.” He counts off his fingers, sighing resignedly as he does so. “Alas, Chief Rei, we may have our backs against a wall there. He is the Fire Nation’s best-kept secret.” “Ah, but that, Monk Ochiai, is where we have the upper hand,” Chief Rei says. Miyuki detects the undercurrent of smugness in her tone. All eyes dart to her face in poorly concealed shock. “As you all know, when the Fire Nation declared war on us ten years ago, they banished all outsiders, and imprisoned the Water Tribe healers that worked in the palace.” A chorus of affirmative hums follow her words, everyone curious of the information she was about to reveal. “However,” the Chief beckons with her hand, and a girl beside Miyuki steps forward. “What they do not know is that one girl managed to escape with her life.” Commander Kataoka opens his mouth to interrupt, but is silenced by a hand from Chief Rei. He purses his lips with a narrowed glare. “Her parents served in the palace, but were unfortunately killed in the escape attempt. Though she was young, she is able to recognize the prince, and she will be able to navigate the Capital. She will be a vital member of the extraction squad.” Everyone’s eyes are now locked on the girl, who bows. Straightening, she stands tall, shoulders square. Monk Ochiai peers at her, interest evidently peaked. “What is your name, girl?” he inquires. “My name is Aotsuki Wakana, Monk Ochiai,” she replies dutifully. Her voice does not waver, though Miyuki can see the hands that she clasps behind her back. A fellow warrior of the Water Tribe, he knows that Wakana does not like to show weakness. “Miss Aotsuki, this is a dangerous mission,” he frowns, leaning forward. “Do you have confidence that you will be able to guide this extraction team to the Fire Nation Capital?” “Yes sir,” she says. “Of course she would say yes,” Commander Kataoka growls, unable to restrain himself from interrupting any further. His iron armour clangs dissonantly as he sits back onto his chair. “But tell me, what incentive do I have that I should send my benders on such a mission?” “Sozin’s comet is due for the end of the coming summer,” Chief Rei intervenes. “We have no time – you mentioned this earlier yourself.” She spreads her hands. “The capture of the prince is the best chance we’ve got at an effective counter against the Fire Nation’s attacks. Once the comet arrives, the firebenders’ power will increase tenfold, and we are sure to be annihilated.” A silence ensues in which everyone realizes the severity of the situation at hand. The temperature of the room seems to drop a few degrees, and Miyuki suspects that it is not simply his imagination.After a long moment, the Commander sucks in a deep breath through his nostrils. He massages his temples. “If there is any chance that they may be spotted or captured,” he snaps, “I want this team to abort the mission immediately. I will not risk my men getting imprisoned and leaking intel to the enemy.” He glares around the room. “That is my condition.” “Very well,” the Chief nods. Although she does well to hide it, Miyuki knows that she is relieved. “And of course, we ask for the team to be willing to undertake this quest. Benders who are forced into such a delicate operation are likely to misstep.” She turns her head slightly to meet Miyuki’s eyes, giving him the signal. “We will have these two from my end.” Miyuki steps forward to line up with Wakana. Chief Rei gestures for him to speak. He lowers himself into a bow. “Miyuki Kazuya, at your service. I volunteer myself as leader of the extraction team.” There is a slight pause. “He is young,” Monk Ochiai notes. “He is a bloodbender,” says Chief Rei. All eyes in the room shoot to him, suddenly cautious. “And a talented strategist. I have no doubt that he will be able to lead this mission.” Miyuki regards each pair of eyes levelly, and pauses when he meets the glare of the green-haired earthbender. There is a hint of suspicion in his narrowed eyes, and his arms are crossed, obscuring the symbol of the Earth Kingdom patterned on the chest of his green and beige uniform. Miyuki watches as his jaw clenches, and suddenly he is stepping forward to stand by his Commander. His hands drop to rest by his sides. “I volunteer,” he says tersely. The Earth Commander turns his head to his bodyguard in shock. “Kuramochi.” His voice is gruff. “You are needed back in Ba Sing Se. The troops are spreading thin.” “Leave Todoroki in charge while I am away, sir,” Green hair says. “He is more than capable enough to command the troops without me.” The Commander sets his mouth in a thin line, clearly upset with the turn of events. “If I send with you one more–” “Our territory is under siege as we speak, sir,” Kuramochi says in a tight tone. “It would be unwise. Let me go alone.” Their eyes meet in a silent argument as the rest of the room waits with bated breath. Miyuki’s eyes flicker between the two. Finally, the Commander huffs air out through his nose. “Are you absolutely sure about this?” A single resolute nod. The Commander purses his lips, clearly displeased. He looks away, scowling. “Do not get captured.” Kuramochi bows to the Council, but doesn’t reply.“Kuramochi Youichi,” he says instead. “Earth General, Metal Division, at your service.” Miyuki dips his head in acknowledgement. “Excellent,” Chief Rei looks at the metalbender approvingly, then turns her head to where Monk Ochiai sits, his airbender bodyguards shifting restlessly behind him. They stop fidgeting when they feel the Chief’s eyes on them, white figures poised ramrod straight, avoiding the eyes of the Council members. “Monk Ochiai, would any of your airbenders volunteer for this mission?” The Air Monk closes his eyes and hums in thought. “An infiltration by flying bison would be the fastest route, though we will have to be careful not to be spotted. I have a few talented riders that may be of aid…” he trails off uncertainly. “Kominato?” After a measured beat, a pink haired airbender steps forward slowly, white robes fluttering as he does so. His expression is unreadable, and it unsettles Miyuki. He smiles thinly at the room, and opens his mouth to speak. Before he utters a word, however, a shorter boy scurries forward. His hair is the same shade of pink as his companion’s, though this boy’s fringe grows past his eyes, obscuring them. His face is dusted red under his hair. “Yes, Monk Ochiai,” he squeaks hurriedly. “I volunteer.”                               The taller guard whips his head to face the younger, narrow eyes widening to revel pink orbs. “Haruichi,” he begins, voice hard. “What do you think you’re doing?” “Volunteering for the quest,” the other replies quietly. He blushes deeper as he realizes that the stares of everybody in the room are concentrated on him. “You’re a central figure in our defense, Aniki. You must stay here, where you are needed most. Please let me go in your place.” They regard each other silently, the air around them billowing softly about their feet. The older brother turns away first, his face a mask of calm, and the wind dies down. “I refuse to let him go,” he says flatly, addressing the Council. “This is preposterous.” “It’s not your choice to make,” Haruichi counters under his breath. He raises his voice. “I can ride the flying bison. I volunteer for this quest.” “Haruichi.” “I will go with him,” a silky voice speaks up. Another boy drifts next to the pair of brothers. He is tall, his robes draping across his lean form and not quite brushing the floor when he walked like how the other airbenders’ robes did. The white is a stark contrast to his ebony hair, and his eyes are sky blue, steady as they meet the pink of the elder Kominato’s. He head dips in the barest inclination of a nod. “I volunteer as well.” The breeze picks up again. “Monk Ochiai, please talk some sense into the pair of them,” the older brother bites out through gritted teeth. Somehow, he still manages to keep his tone deceptively calm, though Miyuki knows he must be anything but. At the table, Monk Ochiai strokes his beard, observing the three airbenders with raised eyebrows. “Alright, go,” he declares simply after a beat. The older brother sputters, his mask of calm cracking. Miyuki doesn’t exactly blame him. “What?” “Your younger brother speaks the truth, Kominato,” the Monk says, tone mild. “They are volunteers. They understand what lies in their path.” He spreads his palms in a peacemaking gesture, and the breeze fades, although the expression on the older Kominato’s face is still far from peaceful. “Let us have faith in the pair of them.” “Let us also pray that your faith is not blindly placed, Monk Ochiai.” Commander Kataoka studies the airbenders from across the table with a critical eye. “I do not wish any of these young benders to be overwhelmed and to act recklessly as a result.” “I, on the other hand, believe that anyone who should volunteer for such a quest is certainly worth of our faith,” Chief Rei remarks. “I applaud all of you young benders. If you succeed, we will have an enormous advantage over the Fire Nation.” She didn’t say it, but Miyuki heard the second part of her sentence: if you fail, we are all likely to die.  “We do not know how long this quest will take, or how long we have left until the Fire Nation breaches the border, so we must make haste,” she concludes briskly. “Squad members shall assemble back here at sunset in three days with supplies to last at least a week, if not more. Are we clear?” Five voices murmur their assent. Chief Rei smiles grimly. In the torchlight, her eyes are hidden behind the gleam of her glasses. “The best of luck to you all.”   When the meeting adjourns, Miyuki is stopped on the way out by a hand clamping onto his shoulder. He turns around and is faced with the scowl of Kuramochi the metalbender. “I know that we’re out of options, but you lot are crazy,” Green hair hisses. His eyes dart about to make sure they’re out of earshot, before pinning onto Miyuki with a newfound ferocity. “My Commander is absolutely right. This is a suicide mission.” Miyuki blinks in surprise, before shooting a huge grin at him. “Nice to meet you too,” he says. He extends a gloved hand, which Kuramochi blatantly ignores. He already predicts that this will be interesting. “Miyuki Kazuya, at your service.”



gold
Chapter Notes
Thank you guys so much for all the positive reviews on the last chapter! Gah I'm so overwhelmed by everyone's support *sobs unattractively* I WILL DO MY BEST TO LIVE UP TO EVERYONES EXPECTATIONS Anyway, uni's just resumed so I'll be really busy these few months, but I'll try to upload a chapter every Tuesday (GMT) :) Thank you all so much for reading!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Your Majesty, we have word from the capital." A messenger enters the grand tent in the makeshift Fire Nation camp, bearing a scroll in his right hand. He bows respectfully. At each side of a rectangular table in the center of the meeting room, a row of Fire Nation troop commanders sit in full battle armour, helmets placed on the table in front of them. They all turn to acknowledge the messenger as he hurries forward. Seated at the head of the table is an intimidating figure whose armour is far more elaborate than the rest, golden embellishments along the shoulder guards and a striking insignia of the Fire Nation melded into the chest of the gleaming metal. The man’s eyes shine the fierce gold of his royal lineage as his harsh gaze settles on the messenger. He gives a curt nod, and the messenger proceeds to unravel the scroll. He clears his throat and begins to read. "General Bokuto's Lightning troops are assembled and ready to be dispatched from the capital at your immediate command." When the Fire Lord doesn’t respond, he continues. "Our troops at the Earth border have broken through the Alliances' defenses,” he reports. “The death toll is lower than expected, but the number of injured has risen exponentially. They will need time and support before moving further inland." He pauses, giving the men time to process the information. "Should we send Bokuto to regroup at the border?” One general at the long table asks. The bulky man sitting across him consults the war map spread across the table. "Their journey would take at least a week on foot,” he replies after a beat. “However, the closest available for support are currently General Kuroo's men, in the North." The general turns back to the map. “They should be less than two days away.” The first general turns to look at the head of the table. “Fire Lord Asano, what is your instruction?” The King is silent, calculating his options. He addresses the messenger when he speaks. "Send Kuroo a raven,” he commands in a booming voice. “Have him march his troops to the border by nightfall tomorrow. And dispatch Bokuto to the North Sea. He and his troops will take the North Pole.” The scribe in the corner of the room writes the information hurriedly on two separate pieces of fresh parchment. When he looks up, the messenger continues reading. “At the palace, Prince Eijun's training is near completion, and his teachers are impressed by his skill. They have noted that his highness is extremely powerful for his age.” The Fire Lord scowls. He had no need for such mundane updates. "Rightly so." “As such,” the messenger pales ever so slightly. “H-his royal Highness has expressed his desire to partake in the war alongside his fellow benders.” His eyes are downcast as he rolls the scroll back up. “He awaits your response. That is all.” A wave of agitation settles itself like a blanket over the table. The Crown Prince was a sensitive topic around Fire Lord Asano. “The Crown Prince is a talented boy,” a general grunts, ignoring the tension in the air. “Involving him in the war would certainly be advantageous to us.” “I agree,” another pipes up. “His eagerness is admirable, and he possesses extraordinary mental discipline.” “A bright one, that child.” “I believe he is ready to join the ranks.” More and more voices utter their assent, until a hand slams itself onto the table. “Enough!” The King barks out, golden eyes blazing. His irises flicker with light as he regards his generals coldly. “I have said it before, and I will say it again,” he spits curtly. “Under no circumstance is the prince allowed to step foot outside of the palace walls. I will not endanger the sole heir to the fire nation throne by having him participate in this war.” “Tell him,” he hisses to the messenger, “to know his place. That if he puts a toe out of line again, I will personally have one of his eyes taken out.” He rests his elbows on the table, the corners of his lips upturned in a cruel sneer. “That will teach him to be a royal.”  ---- Back in the fire nation capital, a young girl of no more than five years of age stands with her mother at the gates of the capital city. She is dressed in a simple tunic in the burgundy shade of the Fire Nation citizens, and she sucks on a small lollipop, eyes downcast. Around them, more women and children are assembled, engaging in hushed conversation or standing silently, staring vacantly into space. “What’s that you’re eating, young miss?” A teenaged boy crouches into her line of vision. His face is dirty with ash and soot, though his brown eyes glint with mischievousness. He is dressed like her, in the tunics of the commoners, though he has a dark red bandanna tied around his head to keep his dark brown hair off his sweaty face. She shows him her lollipop, and he tuts. “That won’t curb your appetite! Are you hungry?” She nods meekly, and he shoots her a grin. He brings out a covered basket that he was hiding behind his back, and digs inside with one hand. The boy pulls out a bread roll from the basket and hands it to her. She takes it, amazed. It’s still warm. Lollipop forgotten, she bites into it greedily. “Whoa, slow down, little one,” the boy smiles. He pats the basket, and brings it up to her eye level as she peers hungrily in. “Plenty more where that came from.” He hands one to her mother as well. “Thank you, kind sir,” the woman says gratefully, taking the bread. “I’m no sir, ma’am,” he laughs. “Just a humble baker from a family of humble bakers.” More people are starting to notice the bread, and the boy passes the rolls around earnestly. “Don’t worry!” He calls out cheerily. “There’s plenty to go around!” When the young girl finishes the first roll, he passes her another one. He then addresses her mother. “Why are you all gathered here, if you don’t mind me asking, ma’am?” He asks curiously. The woman lets out a world-weary sigh. “The men in our family were recruited for the war. We wait here day after day for updates, but no news comes.” She brushes her thumb over her bread roll. Her voice cracks slightly. “I don’t even know if my husband is still alive,” she whispers. Her daughter curls into her side, whimpering. The boy feels his heart break at the sight. “The war will end soon,” he promises. “They say that we will win when Sozin’s comet passes.” “Sozin’s comet?” the young girl sniffs. The boy nods at her. “Uh huh,” he nods. “It is a sacred phenomenon that passes earth once every hundred years,” he tells her. “When the comet arrives at the end of next summer, the Fire Nation will win the war, and your father will come home. Now wouldn’t that be neat!” She nods hopefully, and he ruffles her hair. Her mother studies the baker’s son. “You look young and healthy,” she observes mildly, though her eyes are curious. “Why did the generals not recruit you into their army?” The boy’s face falls. “Alas, I was born a non-bender, ma’am,” he explains, rubbing his nose with the back of a hand. “The King has no interest in people like me when he could have legions of lightning wielders at his disposal.” He looks into the sunset, pinks and oranges swimming in the murky brown of his eyes. “Yet I would be out there fighting alongside our benders, if it meant that we would win this war sooner.” The woman allows a small smile to grace her features. “Such chivalry,” she laughs quietly. “If only our prince shared your sentiments.” He looks at her questioningly. “Prince Eijun?” The woman nods. “They say that despite his golden eyes that mark him as a royal, he was born a non-bender,” she tells him. His eyes widen and he gasps. “Is that even possible?” He asks her. She lifts her petite shoulders in a shrug. “Who knows?” She replies helplessly. “But rumour has it that that is the reason why His Highness has never stepped foot outside of the palace gates. They say that he is a disgrace to the Fire Lord.” She breaks off a piece of her bread and offers it to him. He politely declines. “That would make sense,” the boy frowns. He fiddles with the hem of his tunic. They sit there ruminating in silence, until another older woman shuffles up to the boy. “Thank you for the bread, child,” she lowers her head in a shallow bow, and he quickly mimics her. “It must have been troublesome to go out of your way for this.” “No, not at all, ma’am,” he chirps, shaking his head. “Business is not doing so well these months. We have so much leftover bread each day, it’d be a waste to throw it all out.” “Nevertheless, you have a caring heart,” the woman says wisely, crinkles appearing at the corners of her eyes as she sends him a warm smile. “Which is more than I can say for many people in this cruel world.” Her eyes grow melancholic as they meet his. “Please never forget kindness, boy, for it is more valuable than anything riches can buy.” He lowers himself into a full bow this time. “Yes ma’am.” She looks straight at the sun, noting its dipping position on the horizon. “You’d better head back, it’s getting dark,” she urges. “Your family will be wondering where you are.” The boy’s smile falters for just a spilt second. “But what about all of you here?” The two women exchange glances. “We have stayed for longer yet,” the younger one utters sadly. “Please do not worry for us, for you have done much already.” The boy frowns, but does not argue. “Alright,” he lets out reluctantly. He looks into his basket. “There is still some bread left, I’ll leave this basket here. Please eat more. You will all need energy if you plan to stay here for long.” “Thank you, young man,” the older woman grasps the basket that is offered to her thankfully. “You are most kind.” “Don’t thank me, it’s my pleasure!” He waves. “Now take care, all of you.” The young girl doesn’t stop waving back until he rounds a corner, out of sight.  The boy strolls back leisurely, admiring his surroundings as he does so. The red sun is setting rapidly, though he still opts to amble in the shade of the shop houses that line the street. Everyone is closing up for the day, and he greets the owners as he passes by. Soon enough, the towering outer walls of the Imperial Palace come into view, and the boy’s lips turn upwards in a rueful smile. “A non-bender prince, eh?” he chuckles to himself, though his mouth is set in a grimace. He quickens his pace, and in the shade of the vast wall, he is barely a shadow moving briskly along the perimeter of the formidable structure. He shakes his head in mild disbelief. “They get stranger every time.” He keeps walking till he reaches a point in the wall where the red stone crumbles away slightly. Checking to make sure not a soul is in sight, he crouches next to the wall and extends a single finger to a stress fracture in one of the bottom rocks. For a split moment, a concentrated, white-hot beam of fire shoots from his fingertip into the fissure, and in the next, a section of the stone slides silently out of place, revealing a small gap – just enough for a person to crawl through. The boy glances around once more and swiftly enters the tunnel, the rock sliding back into place behind him. -----
 

“Look into the mirror, child. Do you see your eyes?” The young boy nods slowly as he sees the gold glowing from his irises. He watches, transfixed, as the vibrant color flickers, dancing around his pupils like golden flames. “Only this family possesses eyes like molten gold.” The old man beside him smiles, identical eyes gazing at his grandson fondly in the mirror. “Royalty is not selected in the fire nation, Eijun. We are born royals. It is in our blood. Bear this in mind as you continue your training.” He places a finger under the boy’s chin, lifting it up. “Always keep your head held high, for you bear our medallion. Display it proudly.”
   A dark figure swings itself through the open window of the prince’s bedchamber. The figure closes the window and slides heavy curtains shut over it, before striding across the room to where an ornate desk and mirror take up a good section of the opposite wall. Stripping the sweaty bandana off his head with one hand, the boy deftly lights the torches that line the walls with the other. He reaches the mirror, throwing the bandana on the desk and staring into the mirror. A dirty, rugged brown eyed boy stares back at him. He stays like that for a good while, inspecting himself. Then he slowly brings his hands up to his face. “Sorry again, gramps,” he whispers as he covers his eyes with his hands. Gradually, the layers of stained glass over his irises start to melt, revealing the gold underneath. He winces a little as the glass moves about uncomfortably over his sclera, but he manages to extract the lenses and place the soft glass onto a copper dish to cool. He lifts his head to inspect his eyes in the mirror. No stray shards. No bloodshot veins. He leans back and away from the mirror, beaming to himself. “Huh,” the prince says, pleased. “I’m getting pretty good at this.” -----  “Your Highness,” the messenger calls out as he notices the prince emerge from his quarters. Inquisitive gold eyes regard him questioningly. “His Majesty has sent his reply to your request.” Eijun’s face lights up in anticipation. “What did he say?” The messenger licks his lips hesitantly. “His Majesty says to …know your place.” He admits apologetically. He purses his lips, and recites mechanically from memory. “Under no circumstance is Prince Eijun allowed to step foot outside of the palace walls.” Eijun waits. When the messenger doesn’t speak any more, his brows furrow. “That’s it?” he asks, dismayed. The messenger will not meet his eyes. “It appears so, your Highness.” There is a long, tense silence. Eijun takes a deep breath. “I am a firebender too,” he insists, the heavy sleeves of his robe swinging as he gestures to emphasize his point. The messenger takes a nervous step back to avoid getting hit by the ruby-encrusted hems. “I trained long years for this. I am certain that I will be helpful in the war. Tell my father to reconsider.” “With all due respect, your Highness,” the messenger squeaks timidly, “you–you will be safe in the capital. Your people need you here.” “I know that,” the prince says slowly. The messenger was honestly testing his patience. “But I said to tell my father to reconsider. I could join the Lightning Division, they haven’t left the capital yet–” “Prince Eijun,” the messenger is visibly shaking in his tunic. “H-his Majesty says….” he swallows. “He says that if you put a toe out of line again, he will personally have one of your eyes taken out.” Eijun freezes, fists clenching. “I therefore implore you, your Highness…..” the messenger begs. He drops into a low bow as the other stares at him, eyes wide. “Please stay here, for your sake, and for the sake of your citizens.” 
For the sake of my citizens.
 
A disgrace to the Fire Lord.

 
He scowls. “My citizens–” he cuts himself off and looks away, biting his bottom lip. He closes his eyes for a moment, breathing in deeply. 
My citizens.
 He opens his eyes and directs his gaze to the messenger, who flinches slightly when he looks into them. “Are there still people waiting at the gates?” He asks sharply. The messenger is confused at the change of topic, but nods. “Yes, your Highness,” he recalls. “The guards have tried to urge them to return home, but they are stubborn indeed.” “If they choose to be stubborn, provide them with medicine and supplies,” He says, then spins on his heel to leave. “They will fall sick if left out in the cold of the night.” A pause. Then “Your Highness, it is not necessary–” “It is my duty to protect my citizens, is it not?” Eijun whirls around, fuming. A vein throbs in his temple. “If my Father won’t even let me step a foot out of this godforsaken palace without gouging one of my eyes out, I will help in this way. This is an order!” He storms back to his quarters without waiting for a reply, extravagant red robes trailing behind him as the messenger looks on helplessly. He slams the door to his bedchamber and paces agitatedly about the room. “Know your place,” he mimics angrily. “Not a foot out of the palace. My own citizens don’t even think I’m a bender! I’m not a child anymore! I can handle this!” He grabs the closest thing within reach – a picture frame on his desk – and hurls it across the room. “ARGH!” The picture frame hits the wall and shatters. Wait a second, he thinks. …..A picture frame? His head snaps back to the wall, halting mid-step. His heart drops to his stomach.
 
“Oh no,” he whispers. He runs over to examine the wreckage. The wooden frame is broken beyond repair, but the prince shifts his sleeves out of the way and plucks the undamaged photo out from between shards of clear glass. It is a portrait of his Grandfather, painted decades before Eijun was born. He wears the Fire Lord’s ceremonial robes, poised, a perfect picture of regality, though his gold eyes are gentle. The prince holds the picture delicately in between his fingers. “Gramps,” he says brokenly, anger subsiding to reveal confusion and fear. “Help me. I don’t know what to do.” The picture doesn’t respond. Sighing, he tucks it into a fold in his robes, and begins to clean up the mess he made. The wood is easy to pick up, though the glass is sharp and has broken into smithereens. He huffs in resignation before cupping his hands over the shards, half melting them before sweeping the soft glass into one hand. He carries the rubbish over to his desk and sets the wood down onto the table, before moving to pour the fragments of half melted glass into a copper dish. He pauses abruptly. He reaches his free hand into the dish and curls his fingers around a flat, hardened piece of brown glass. The prince stares at the glass. His eyes widen.



Chapter End Notes
if you guys don't already know by now golden eyed! eijun is my favourite headcanon i mean GOLDEN EYES CMON THATS SO COOL


beginning
Chapter Notes
Hello! Thanks for all your lovely comments once again *\(^o^)/* Back with an update, please enjoy!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 “So let me get this straight here,” Kuramochi demands, arms crossed. The folds of his red tunic whip around in the wind as he leans forward to glare at Miyuki. “You wish to infiltrate the walls of the palace and escape the way you came without being seen,” he holds up a finger. “With one more unwilling bender, who may or may not be extremely powerful?” Miyuki leans back against the edge of the carriage, his hands hanging over the parapet on either side of him. He brushes the soft furs of the flying bison idly with the tips of his fingers. They’d been flying for days now. He briefly wonders what a flying bison’s maximum airtime is. “Well,” he says breezily, in response to his teammate. “That pretty much sums it up, doesn’t it?” The earthbender turns red. “Are you insane?” He fumes. This was their leader and strategist? You had got to be kidding him. “This is hardly a solid plan!” “If you create such rigid plans all the time, you’ll panic in the face of change. Flexibility, Kuramochi,” Miyuki waves a hand dismissively. “We need to access the situation and factor it in as well, in case you’ve forgotten.” He makes a tsk sound. “You Earth types are so uptight.” Said Earth Native huffs through his nose. “We have to at least form a skeleton with what we do know, though,” he argues. “We don’t have all the time in the world to formulate a plan once we arrive at the capital.” He turns to the only girl on the back of the flying bison. “Wakana,” she meets his irritated gaze levelly. “Chief Rei mentioned that you recognize the prince?” She furrows her eyebrows in thought. “Sort of. I saw him a few times when my parents worked in the palace, though we weren’t allowed to interact,” she recalls. “Dark brown hair, tan skin. Though his appearance may have changed as he matured.” She frowns. “Regardless, his distinguishing feature is his golden eyes. Only those with the royal blood of the Fire Nation have gold irises.” “So,” everyone turns to look at Haruichi, the pink-haired boy who is currently at the reins. He gently steers the flying bison around a small cloud. “What you’re saying is that with the Fire Lord away at war, the prince is the only one in the entire Fire Nation with golden eyes?” “Exactly,” Wakana nods. “They’re impossible to miss.” “Fine,” the green-haired boy grunts. Miyuki thinks the colour rather clashes with the maroon tunics they donned for the quest. Speaking of the tunics, they were too flimsy for his liking. “Gold eyes. I can work with that. And what of his abilities?” Wakana shakes her head helplessly. “The Prince’s lessons are held privately, away from the prying eyes of servants and spies.” She wrinkles her nose in distaste. “The Fire Nation takes pride in their many traditions and secrets, even the most mundane of them.” “I thought you would have been a bit more helpful than this on the quest,” the last occupant of the bison carriage says offhandedly. His voice is devoid of annoyance, as if he was merely stating an observation. Wakana straightens and turns to glare at the tall, pale boy. “I may be a female healer,” she says to him icily, “but I am a trained combat bender as well. I fight just as well as any other soldier, and I can assure you that I will not be a burden to this mission.” The airbender blinks. “Alright,” he seems pacified. He tilts his head and scratches at the pale skin on the side of his neck. “These tunics are itchy.” Kuramochi, on the other hand, slumps into his seat. “So the prince could be some monster for all we know,” he says flatly. Wakana shoots him an unimpressed look. “We’re going to be killed.” Miyuki squints at him. “We could very well be,” he concedes. “But you, my friend, seem to have little faith in your abilities.” He holds a hand to his heart. “You make me nervous.” Green hair’s head snaps up. “I will carry out this mission to the best of my ability,” he growls. “But I am not ruling out the very likely possibility that we will not make it out alive. I’m simply being realistic here.” “He’s just acting cranky and overly dramatic because we’re in the air.” Wakana quips. “He’ll be more cooperative once we’re on his home terrain.” “My home terrain is back the way we came from,” the earthbender grumbles, peering over the edge. His knuckles are white as he clings onto the parapet. “This land belongs to the fire nation. It’s dry and infertile.” Furuya shrugs. “Earth is Earth.” Kuramochi looks scandalized. “Earth is not just Earth, you dingbat–” “O-kay!” Haruichi intervenes. “Everyone, we’re approaching inhabited fire nation land.” He looks around nervously. “There are hardly any clouds or foliage in these parts. We’ll be spotted.” “Start the descent,” Miyuki instructs. He makes his way to the reins, stopping next to the small airbender. “Head in the direction of the Eastern Gate.” He points to the edge of the vermillion horizon, where the telltale signs of civilization are starting to appear. “It’s our nearest option. Only a city away from the capital.” The other nods and starts to steer. After confirming the course, the leader of the little group turns to face his team. His eyes narrow in mild concentration. “Alright. So. Here’s the skeleton plan.” He shoots a look at Kuramochi, who rolls his eyes. “Kuramochi will earthbend us into the outer city. No problem there.” He pauses, running simulations in his head. “The tricky bit is blending in with the natives and entering the heavily guarded capital.” “We’re dressed in their common clothing, but our skin is too pale for the likes of Fire Nation citizens,” Wakana frowns. “We will have to cover ourselves in a thin layer of dirt in order to blend in. To appear grimy and well-worked, like the commoners.” “So that’s what we’ll do.” Miyuki looks to the airbender duo. “Okay. You brought the supplies?” They nod. “Valuables to trade in the capital,” Furuya explains to the other two. “The Air Nomads had a good trade business with the Fire Nation before the war.” His blue eyes flash with muted pride. “Our products are a scarcity in their country now, so they will surely allow us into the capital.” “Good.” The team looks to the West where the Fire Nation awaits, the setting sun casting an orange glow on their figures. As they fly closer, the vast country comes into view. It looks formidable and unforgiving. “We may not make it out of there alive,” their captain reminds them, voice hard. “But our lives were no longer our own the moment we volunteered for this quest. We bear the peace of our Nations on our shoulders.” He turns to face the rest, dark outline of his form silhouetted against the red sky. Identical expressions of firm determination line the faces of the benders in front of him. Of course they knew. He meets Kuramochi’s staunch green eyes. The metalbender nods once, resolute. Miyuki spreads his arms wide. His face is grim. “Alright,” he says. “Let the suicide mission begin.” ---  “There’s no one within a five mile radius of us,” Kuramochi reports, bare feet planted on the dry earth. He places a hand on the outer wall of the city, a ways off from the main gate. “I’m getting us in.” When no one moves to argue, he claws his fingers, palm still flat on the rock wall. His fingertips sink into the hard rock easily. The earthbender deftly rotates his wrist, and a column of the wall falls away, disintegrating into sand at their feet. A nicely arched doorway stands in their path. Miyuki heads into the city first, followed by the two airbenders, pushing a cart between them. Wakana follows, and Kuramochi brings up the rear, closing the gap in the wall behind him. The group pauses, listening for any irregularities. “All clear,” Kuramochi breaks the silence first. Furuya confirms this with a nod. “So we made it into the city,” Miyuki says lowly. He looks around. The outskirts seemed to be relatively uninhabited by the locals. “Travelling at night would usually be ideal, but moving with the cart will make too much noise.” He glances at the exhausted pink-haired airbender. “Plus, Haruichi needs to rest up after flying. Let’s spend the night here, and journey at first light.” “I’ll take first watch,” Wakana offers. “I’ll take last,” Kuramochi says, already growing a thick tree for shelter. “I’ll be able to tell when the locals start to rise.” Haruichi glances wearily at them, then nods. He curls up into a ball at the base of the tree and is out like a light. “Poor boy,” Wakana says fondly. “He’d been flying that bison for days on end while we all rested.” “You should all get some rest, too,” Miyuki says, leaning against the cart and closing his eyes. Furuya follows suit, settling himself on the ground beside the small airbender.   Wakana listens to the steady breathing of her comrades, trying to keep her own breaths even. Now that she is alone, memories from her childhood plague her mind. She sees fire licking away at struggling figures, the pungent smell of burning flesh filling her nostrils. She hears the screams of her parents echoing inside her head. Hot tears run down her cheeks as she grasps her hair, desperately trying to will the thoughts away. She faintly registers a hand on her shoulder, cool fingers circling her wrist as she bites her lip, trying to stay quiet. “Hey,” an alarmed voice whispers. “Hey. Wakana. You okay?” Her eyes snap open, unfocused gaze meeting wide green eyes in the dark. Breaths shallow and slightly rugged, she slowly takes in the scene of her teammates sleeping soundly on the hard earth of the Fire Nation. Blinking rapidly, her eyes drift back to where Kuramochi crouches in front of her, eyebrows furrowed in concern. She hurriedly yanks her wrist out of the earthbender’s rough hand, furiously wiping her eyes and looking away. “I’m fine,” she struggles to keep her tone even. “This place just brings me bad memories, that’s all.” Kuramochi is silent as he moves to sit next to her. “From your childhood?” he asks. She looks at him in mild surprise. “Uh….” She wipes her nose a little. “Um. Yeah. I’m fine now though, don’t worry about it.” “Do you want to talk about it?” “No thanks. I’m fine.” “You don’t have to act strong just because you’re a girl, you know.” Wakana feels her anger flare up. “Excuse me?” In the darkness, she sees him shrug. “I’m just saying,” he tells her. “You don’t have anything to prove. You volunteered for this quest, same as any of us. You’d already earned our respect the moment you stepped forward in that council meeting.” She looks at him, speechless. He glances at her once, and looks to the sky. They sit there in measured silence. Wakana curls in on herself. She lowers her head to her knees. “I am a Water native who grew up in the Fire Nation,” she murmurs quietly. “I have always been different.” She can sense Kuramochi’s gaze on her, though he doesn’t implore. After a beat, Wakana realizes that he’s waiting. He simply waits. Waiting for her to reveal what she wants to, in her own time, without prompt. For the first time, Wakana feels a warrior treat her as an equal. So she speaks. She speaks of a golden palace, of extravagant halls and beautiful tapestries. She speaks of the cold, cruel gaze of the Fire Lord and of his servants, rows and rows of Water Natives milling about long hallways. She speaks of learning healing, of watching her mother perform it on her father when he would get burnt, and of cool, guiding hands, of safety and comfort and family. She pauses. Then, in a quieter voice, she speaks of the war. Of prisons, of torture, of people screaming their throats hoarse behind iron bars. She speaks of brutal killings, of being denied water for fear of retaliation, of parched, dried mouths. Her voice trembles as she speaks of escape, of capture, of her parents yelling at her to run while they burned. “They say Water is strong because it can put out Fire,” she ends sadly. “I suppose it just wasn’t strong enough.” Kuramochi watches her throughout, watches as her eyes soften with memories of her parents and shine with unshed tears at the injustice done to them. He watches her as she relapses into silence, deep in thought. He looks away. “You know,” he finally says, “the greatest men were once weak. It’s what drives them to become strong.” He picks a pebble off the ground, turning it over idly in his hand as she looks at him curiously. “Oftentimes, weakness is one’s greatest strength. It’s nothing to be ashamed of.” He meets her glistening gaze. “Don’t you forget that.” He shuffles forward so that he can lie on his back. “I’m tired,” he says gruffly. “I’m going to sleep.” He cracks an eye open to peer at Wakana. “You’d better not slack off on your watch, I’ll kill you.” The healer smiles. “You’re a lot nicer now that we’re on the ground, aren’t you, Kuramochi?” She jokes lightly. Kuramochi huffs in annoyance, but allows the tiniest of smiles to grace his features at her words. “If you say so.” Wakana sits in peace for the rest of her watch. 



Chapter End Notes
WELP time to add that ship to the tags


change
Chapter Notes
Hello! Hope everyone's having a good week so far :/ Uni's killing me so there's that, but oh well, what's new *o*Anyways, hope you all enjoy this chapter! Once again, thank you all so much for all your support, you're all amazing and I love reading all of your comments <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 The young girl holds out her hands. A guard drops a loaf of lukewarm bread into her waiting palms, then shoos her away. “Next!” he bellows out. She scurries away from the front of a growing line of hungry, fidgeting children, all waiting to receive their dinner. Picking her way through the mess of moving bodies, she finds her mother seated, a ways off from the rationing carts, on a blanket she collected during one of the first distributions.Hurrying over, she promptly plops herself down next to her mother on the blanket, chewing with her cheeks full. The older woman takes quiet bites of her own bread, petting her daughter’s head fondly. They eat in silence and watch as the crowd shows the first signs of thinning, people starting to head back to various makeshift dwellings of blankets and hastily put up tents. When the unmistakable sound of the Capital gates opening reaches their ears, the people milling about turn their heads in mild anticipation of a palace messenger. When they realize that it is simply another trading cart coming through to the Capital, there is a slight deflation in the demeanor of the citizens as they resume their activities. “What’s going on here?” The woman turns her head to the gates, where the trading cart has stopped. The young merchants look slightly bewildered, their eyes taking in the rationing carts, the tents and blankets spread out all across the dry earth, and the citizens winding around one another like ants, arms full of food and cloth. She stands, making her way to them as her daughter follows closely behind. “We’re just in the middle of our evening rations,” she calls out. Five pairs of surprised eyes turn to her at once. She bows in greeting as she reaches them, and the merchants do the same. The one at the head of the cart addresses her first. “Rations?” He asks. He is tall and well built, no doubt from pushing his heavy trading carts around with the other merchants. His handsome features are crafted into a puzzled expression as he looks at her through smudged glasses. “Yes,” she replies. She gestures to the rationing carts in vague sweeping motions. “His Highness has been so kind as to distribute food and supplies to us whilst we await news of our men who have gone off to war.” The merchant raises an eyebrow. “His Highness, you say?” The woman nods. “I understand your skepticism,” she smiles ruefully, noticing his expression. “Never stepping foot out of the palace, never caring about his citizens, and suddenly this!” She shakes her head. “An enigma, our prince is.” “How interesting,” the young man tilts his head. He motions to his small group. “We’re from the outer city, but the rumors spread far and wide.” His eyes shine curiously. “So it’s true then, that no one’s ever seen the prince?” “Only generals and the highest officials.” She purses her lips in thought. “And the palace messengers of course. But apart from them, not even the guards have seen his face, I’ve heard.” “Have any citizens ever stepped foot into the palace?” The small merchant comes forward to ask. His dirty locks obscure his eyes, though his mouth is parted in amazement at the grand Capital. The woman faces him, looking shocked at the question. “Oh my, heavens forbid. They’d have our heads!” The boy laughs nervously. “They would, wouldn’t they,” he agrees softly, blushing at the thoughtless comment. She smiles fondly at his abashed expression, then looks back to the tall boy. “In any case,” she says, “the road will clear soon enough, and all of you can be on your way.” The group spares a glance to the last stragglers on the road. The rationing carts, now empty, are already being steered away by palace guards. “It appears that we shall,” the handsome boy says. “It was lovely meeting you, ma’am.” He reaches down and gives her daughter a little pat on the head. She returns his greeting with a wide grin.The merchants push their cart along, inclining their heads to her as they move past. The pair watches them make their way down the road and in the direction of the main street. “What lovely young people they are,” she says to her daughter as they make their way back to their blanket. Her daughter nods, taking her hand and swinging it back and forth. Just as they reach their little blanket, the gates creak open once more, twice in a single day rather a rarity. The small girl whirls around first, eyes lighting up and tugging on her mother’s tunic. She points just as the woman turns her head. The baker’s son from the other day stands by the gates, carrying a cloth bag by his side. He looks to be in the middle of a delivery. Her daughter waves frantically at him as he waits for the gates to open fully. Spotting the pair, he waves back, a big grin on his face. He holds his bag up and then points to the Eastern City beyond the gates. The mother nods in understanding, bringing her hand up in greeting as he sets off towards the neighboring town. -------  The air is eerily quiet in the early hours of the morning, the towering outer walls of the palace menacing in the dark. Five pairs of feet move close to the tall stone, careful not to make a sound in the stillness of the night. Suddenly, the head of the small group puts up a hand. The group comes to a stop. “The prince’s quarters are around here,” she says, her voice barely above a whisper. Moving forward, the young man next to her wordlessly places a hand on the wall, sending his senses into the massive stone structure. In the darkness, his green hair appears black. He stands with his hand firmly against the warm stone, eyes closed in concentration while his companions scan the area for any stray wanderers. After a moment, his eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. He focuses his senses into one spot on the wall, a few feet away from them. Examining the abnormality, his eyes snap open and he beckons the group closer. “There’s a door here,” he says. The group has to lean in to hear his words. “A secret entrance into the palace.” He points, and leads the team to the spot, trailing his fingers along the wall. Making sure the coast is clear, he digs the heel of his palm into the red stone, and they all watch as small section of the wall slides open soundlessly. The group looks into the gaping hole. “I had no idea,” Wakana breathes. “Who could have constructed this?” “This tunneling is the work of a firebender,” Kuramochi reports in a low voice. “Simple lavabending, though I can open it with no trouble. Hurry up and get in.” The narrow passageway opens to a wide courtyard, the benders gathering in the shadows on the other side of the wall. With a quick clench of his fist, Kuramochi closes the passage behind them. The earthbender furrows his eyebrows. “Everyone in the palace is sleeping,” he reports distastefully, though he is careful to keep his voice quiet. “Even the guards. Looks like the Fire Nation is confident in their defenses.” “No one is expecting an infiltration,” Miyuki reminds him, “though we mustn’t let our guard down.”He looks to Wakana, who is surveying the area with narrowed eyes. Her gaze locks onto an open window on the third storey of the grand palace, which she extends a slender finger to. “The prince’s bedchamber,” she whispers. Next to her, Furuya lifts his arms. In a gentle circular motion, he pushes a wave of air into the open window of the room. The curtains ripple in the breeze he creates, the gold trimmings on the hems catching the faint light of the moon as they sway to and fro. “There is no one in there,” his voice is slightly confused. After a few more seconds, he turns his palms down, stilling the air. “Are you certain?” “Only members of the royal family use gold in their embellishments,” Wakana says firmly, nodding to the curtains. “I am sure.” Frowning, the airbender sends a stronger breeze into the room. Upon closer inspection, he shakes his head and turns to the healer. His blue eyes are stubborn. “Well, I am sure that the room is empty.” “Furuya,” Miyuki places a hand on his shoulder. Their leader has an unreadable expression on his face as the younger’s eyes flicker to him. “Get us into the room.” Furuya makes as if to argue, but one look from Miyuki has him stirring the air around their feet. He huffs softly through his nose as he levitates himself a few inches off the ground. Kuramochi watches the entire exchange with a critical eye. “We’ll be on guard here,” he sighs in resignation, crossing his arms. His feet are planted firmly into the dry ground, senses no doubt on alert for any unforeseen movement. Miyuki is secretly glad for his reassuring presence. “Be quick.” After one last scan of the grounds, the earthbender jerks his head in the direction of the window. Armed with the knowledge of no prying eyes watching them, Furuya easily sweeps them up and through the window in one fell motion, the air around Miyuki cushioning uncomfortably around his body as he rises through the air.    Something is wrong, Miyuki thinks immediately, his gaze raking through the seemingly empty room. A twitch of his finger confirms that they are alone, the only blood he senses his own and the tall airbender’s by the window. He squints into the darkness, inspecting the neatly made bed, the near empty wardrobe, and a decorated desk. Cautious fingers replace a splinter of polished wood onto the gleaned surface of the table, then hover over tiny shards of deformed glass. All pieces of what once was a picture frame, he gathers. Though where is the picture? The desk holds a handful more frames, though Miyuki cannot make out the faces in the dimness. Yet, piercing gold eyes still shine at him through the pictures, almost glowing as they cut at him through the dark. He looks away. Finally, he makes his way over to the door with measured strides. As expected, it’s locked from the inside. As he turns his eyes back to the window left open, the last puzzle piece fits itself into place in his head, and his expression hardens to stone. “Furuya,” he instructs, his voice steely calm as he takes swift steps to the window. “Get us out.” Furuya looks confused, but moves to obey. Once on the ground, he turns to the group. His mouth is set in a hard line as he meets their apprehensive faces. “Haruichi. Call the flying bison to get us.” The pink haired airbender looks to him in alarm. “Now?” he asks. He looks around nervously. “Here?” “Now.” He then points to Furuya, who stands with them, eyes wide and lips parted. His confused expression hasn’t left his face. “Still the air around the castle. Don’t let the bison rouse the guards.”
 
“What’s going on, Miyuki?” Kuramochi hisses. He grabs the waterbender’s wrist in a firm hold. “Are we abandoning the mission?” Miyuki checks that Haruichi is blowing on his bison whistle before he speaks. “The prince is not in the palace,” he reveals. He lets the tiniest of scowls settle across his hard features as he raises his arms, summoning a mist to obscure them. “He has run away.” Wakana, who had begun to assist Miyuki in creating the mist, looks to him in bewilderment. Her movements remain fluid as her face contorts in disbelief. “Run away?” She gasps out. “But… why?” “That’s what I’d like to know,” Miyuki replies darkly. A dark fog starts to take shape around them as the group huddles closer. “Be that as it may, we need to travel back to the Eastern Gate.” He tilts his chin up slightly to survey the cloudless sky. “The prince wouldn’t stay in the Capital.” A multitude of questions race in the minds of the young benders, but no one argues as they register the dark form of a flying bison nearing, the two Water Tribe Natives hurrying to shroud it with mist. Furuya works feverishly to contain the winds it creates as it comes to a stop in the middle of the vast courtyard. Five figures clamber unceremoniously onto the gentle beast, and the small cloud launches itself into the sky, speeding off noiselessly into the darkness of the night.     “Over there.” Haruichi’s voice is sharp as it carries back to the other occupants of the bison saddle. He leans forward to get a better glimpse of whatever it is he’s spotted. “There’s someone leaving the Eastern City on horseback.” The rest of the crew jolts forward at his words, eyes searching as the mist surrounding them completely falls away. They’d just barely crossed the Eastern Gate, the airbenders on board propelling the bison forward at a breakneck speed for the last hour or so. Sure enough, a dark shape skims across the cracked earth, moving from the Eastern Gate at a rapid pace. Miyuki narrows his eyes at the lithe figure, observing his fluid form and the skillful way in which he rides the horse. He feels a stab of adrenaline in his chest. His instincts rarely fail him, and Miyuki has a suspicion that he is right this time as well. “Chances are it’s the prince,” Kuramochi’s voice says from beside him. He nods, eyes never leaving the rider. “Slow down and fly low,” he calls out to Haruichi. “Stay behind the horse, but remain close.” He moves to the side of the saddle, glancing to the moon as he does so. It’s barely a sliver of a crescent today, a fine line of stark white against the endless ebony sky. Barely enough to illuminate anything, really, though Miyuki feels power surging through him as he takes a deep breath. When the bison lowers itself to fly soundlessly behind the rider, he lifts his arms up in front of him, closing the gaps in between his fingers and rotating a wrist to face a palm to the sky. The other hand claws itself, swirling once to face his chest before slowly pushing out towards the moving figure on his exhale. The bloodbender feels his senses sharpening, focus latching itself onto the blood pulsing rapidly through a myriad of vessels. Then he frowns.He senses the blood of the rider, but something about it feels… off, somehow. Like it’s running through his fingers, and he cannot properly grasp it. He takes a breath. Not allowing his mind to dwell on the occurrence, he quickly seizes control of the horse. It panics, neighing loudly as it loses command of its limbs, jerking to a standstill. The rider leans down to avoid being thrown off, before hurriedly sliding off in one graceful motion to check on the frightened animal. Upon his dismount, Miyuki quickly relinquishes his hold on the horse, and the animal reels back, confused. As it gallops around, disoriented, the rider notices the bison. He subtly shifts himself into a defensive stance. Keeping a reassuring hand extended to his horse, he watches the team land with a guarded gaze. Miyuki is first to alight, walking to face the lone rider. He takes in a head of messy dark hair and the tanned skin of the Fire Nation citizens, streaked with dirt. He also takes in the way the boy holds himself, subtly cautious, yet dignified and unrelenting in his solid stance. He displays evidence of a well-trained combatant, though he does not raise his hands to indicate bending abilities. Miyuki raises an eyebrow. As his face comes into clear view, Miyuki stops in his tracks, jaw clenching. His heart turns cold in his chest. This isn't right. One by one, his companions join him, lining up by his sides. He hears Wakana let out a tiny dismayed whimper. The boy regards them one by one, his dull eyes almost black in the night. He does well to suppress any visible inkling of fear, his expression controlled and carefully unrevealing as he looks them each in the eye. Miyuki, though, doesn’t miss how his fingers twitch almost imperceptibly at his sides. “Who are you and what do you want?” The rider finally asks. His voice is smooth and unwavering, though his tone is harsh and demanding. Miyuki clears his throat authoritatively. “His Highness the Prince is missing from the palace,” he announces, shooting looks to the benders at his sides. I will handle this. “We are a search party sent to find him.” The change in the boy’s demeanor at Miyuki’s words is astounding. His stance wavers before crumbling. “W-what? The Prince?” He sputters, mouth dropping open. He quickly raises a hand to cover it, eyes widening to the size of saucers. “Prince Eijun? Oh dear!” Kuramochi scowls on Miyuki’s other side. Suspicion rolls off him in waves. “What’s wrong?” The rider looks imploringly at the team, eyes wide. “I am a palace messenger,” he explains. “And I am in the midst of relaying news to the battlefield that His Highness wishes to partake in the war efforts.” The messenger pales considerably, chewing on his bottom lip. “He must have left without waiting for a reply!” Miyuki finds himself nodding. “In that case,” he notes, “we are headed in the same direction, are we not?” He extends his palms out in a peaceful gesture. He feels a small rock bite into the back of his ankle warningly, but chooses to ignore it. “Travel with us,” he offers. “We will cover more ground in less time.” He observes as the Fire Nation boy hesitates for the tiniest fraction of a second. However, the moment of uncertainty is gone in a heartbeat, and the boy is nodding. “That’s very kind of you all,” he says gratefully, bowing to them. “Thank you.” Miyuki smiles back warmly. “Oh, it’s no problem at all.” Waving a hand, he turns on his heel to usher the rest of his stunned team back to the bison. With his back to the boy, Miyuki’s smile morphs itself into an irritated scowl. 



Chapter End Notes
ooh what's gonna happen now ooh


oasis
Chapter Notes
I've said this so much already, but thank you all for the overwhelming support for this story! I love how some of you guys are as invested in this as as I am XD With that said, enjoy this chapter! Much love for all you readers~(but seriously. kudos, bookmarks and nice comments are the only thing keeping me sane with all the disgusting shit happening in the world right now)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




  These people are not a search party, as they seem to claim. Of that at least, Eijun is certain. Who they are and where their loyalties lie, however, still remain unbeknownst to him.Nevertheless, they are taking him to join the army, and that is his current priority. His eyes wander between the other passengers atop the sky bison – That is another matter in and of itself, he muses. A creature of the Air Nation? I’d only ever learned about this majestic animal from my tutors! – before turning to lean apprehensively over the side of the saddle to sneak a glimpse at the ground far below. His lips part in awe as he takes in the mesmerizing view of the rising sun, beneath it the expanse of red earth that stretched as far as the eye could see. Squinting against the blinding sunlight, he could just barely make out the townscape of the mainland cities rapidly disappearing before his very eyes as they flew further South. “How did you manage to acquire a sky bison to aid your travels?” He inquires curiously, speaking for the first time since they achieved liftoff. “Are we not at war with the Air Nation as of present?” He notes the sleeping forms of the three at the other end of the carriage, and directs his question to the young man who had offered him the ride in the first place. The other had not slept the entire time they had been aloft, sitting across from him and staring off into space with a brooding expression adorning his handsome features. His body is languid and relaxed, arms draped across the thin parapet as the wind blows gently through his hair. With the sun rising, he is finally able to see the faces of his fellow travellers clearly. He cannot seem to place a finger on it, but the group seems almost ethereal, in a strange way. Like this boy, for instance, who embodies such an innate fluidity to his every movement that Eijun, all his formal training notwithstanding, could only hope to achieve. The stranger makes him feel almost self-conscious, which briefly transforms into a discomfort borderlining on absurdity, before he then opts to push the thought out of his mind altogether. Said other does not seem to be at all tired as his brown eyes flicker to meet Eijun’s. “Ah,” he says, the corners of his lips quirking upwards in the faintest trace of a wry smile. “Some things are better left unsaid, don’t you agree?” He twirls a wrist leisurely, unfolding his fingers in a slow but hypnotic gesture. “Information is valuable. Though of course,” He bends an elbow, tilting his head slightly to rest on the back of an elegant hand. “You as a messenger would know that better than most.” Eijun purses his lips, slightly put out, though he does not seek to argue. The stranger spoke the truth, though he had twisted his own words against him in doing so. “Then,” he hesitates. “Are you aware of the battlefield’s whereabouts?” He ponders for a moment, glancing over the side once more. “The journey by air is far still.” “We’re currently en route to a small farming village nearby,” the other replies smoothly, “as provisions are running low.” He nods to the pink-haired boy sitting at the reins. The petite individual raises a hand in greeting. “Once we’ve stocked up on supplies, we’ll have you navigate us to the front lines.” Behind his spectacles, his eyes are a clear brown, though there seemed to be the tiniest flicker of provocation undermining his cool gaze. “I trust that you’ll be a splendid guide.” Eijun nods stiffly, looking away. “Of course.” ---  The young man’s companions are decidedly less off putting than himself, Eijun concludes. Though they are still admittedly a strange bunch. Having all risen from slumber over the course of the next hour or so, the apparent leader of the small group had deemed introductions necessary, despite his prior reluctance to reveal any semblance of information to their newest addition. “I’m Miyuki,” he had initiated, prompting the others to do the same. Eijun noticed that the leader had only given his last name. After a quick glance at Miyuki, the green haired boy next to him grimaced. “Kuramochi,” he coughs out gruffly. He is easily the most muscular out of the group, though not stocky by any means. He is instead lean and limber, reminding Eijun of the cheetahs he had read about, the fast cats native to the savannahs of the Fire Nation. Kuramochi crosses his arms roughly, narrowed eyes looking Eijun up and down. The only girl in the saddle places a hand on his bicep placatingly. She is next to speak.She hesitates before looking to the prince, brown eyes warm. “My name is Wakana,” she says. It is a first name. Her lips morph into a demure, friendly smile. “It is nice to meet you.” Eijun nods, barely having time to wonder why the girl offered her first name as opposed to her last, unlike the previous two, before the next to speak comes forward. He is the tallest of the mismatched bunch, his tunic floating about his slender form. He is unusually pale, his eyes even more so. The boy’s light blue irises meet Eijun’s piercingly. “I am Furuya,” he says simply. He speaks in an almost hushed tone, though the sound still carries well to the prince’s ears. Without waiting for acknowledgement, the boy’s unsettling eyes glance to the reins, where the last occupant awaits his turn. “Hello!” he calls out. His pink hair billows about his face as he bobs his head in a polite nod. “I’m Haruichi!” He turns his body to the group, giving Eijun his attention. At that, Eijun realizes that it is his cue. “Pleased to make your aquaintance,” he begins, bowing. When he straightens, he hesitates. Searchers or no, they are still citizens of the Fire Nation, and he cannot possibly reveal his real name here. He thinks quickly. “My name is,” he lets out a small cough. “Takigawa.”His tutor’s name is the first to cross his mind, images of thick textbooks and sparring sessions flashing through his brain before he lets out an affirmative nod. “My name is Takigawa,” he says a little louder. “That’s right. Takigawa.” “Yes,” the green haired boy nods slowly, squinting at him. “We heard you the first time.” Ah. He wrings his hands nervously behind his back, aiming for nonchalance. “I know that. I was simply… afraid Haruichi was unable to hear me.” He glances to the rider, who shoots him a shy thumbs up. “Don’t worry, I hear just fine from over here!” Eijun nods, feeling slightly ridiculous. He brings a hand up to scratch the back of his neck awkwardly. “That’s good then,” he mutters. Miyuki watches the exchange with a bemused expression on his face. “Well, the village is not far now,” he announces. He claps a hand on Eijun’s back and Eijun jerks forward, surprised. The prince wasn’t used to people simply touching him out of turn. He supposed he should probably start assimilating himself with the mannerisms of the commoners. Miyuki makes his way to the reins. “Let us prepare for descent, shall we?” ---- Eijun had never been to a Fire Nation farming village before.In retrospect, that was hardly a statement, since Eijun had never ventured outside of the Capital, and was technically never have been supposed to step a foot out of the walls of the palace either, a fact that displeased him greatly. Needless to say, he is extremely excited, leaning as far as his body allows over the side of the bison saddle to catch a glimpse of the village. His eyes widen in delight as he spots it, still a ways away, but there nonetheless. The farming village is situated around a small oasis, which makes sense, since it provides the only fertile soil for miles around. There are trees growing, their leaves a vibrant green even from their distance. Eijun feels his mouth fall open in unabashed awe. “You look excited,” a voice notes. He turns to see Miyuki watching him, eyebrows raised in amusement and something else that he cannot name. “Surely you must have visited this village before? It is on the way to the battlefield after all.” Eijun tries to school his expression into one of calm indifference. “I have passed by on my travels,” he lies, voice steady, “but never had the time to visit.” His eyes light up. “And never atop a sky bison! How incredible.” “Indeed,” the other says, turning his eyes to the view as well. Eijun lets out a slow, measured breath. ---- The group walks into the village, leaving the sky bison a distance away to avoid startling the villagers with the grand beast. Eijun reckons it a rather smart idea.By this time, the sun is high in the sky, indicating it to be near midday. Eijun absorbs the heat as he walks along, relishing in the inherent surge of power the sun provides firebenders with. Next to him, Kuramochi wipes the sweat from his brow with the back of a hand, scowling as he trudges past. Apparently, the same does not hold true for non-benders. Eijun slowly slouches, trying to emanate a tired vibe. “The people will go into a frenzy if they realize that their prince is missing,” Miyuki reminds them all. “For now we’ll pose as tired travellers.” No one argues, looking around them at the veil of foliage that thins out as they make their way further into the village. The first person they spot is a middle-aged lady, who dons the same burgundy as them, though her tunic is far more simple and slightly ratty, fraying at the hems. She starts as she notices their small group. “Heavens!” she exclaims in surprise, jerking backwards. Eijun frowns. Her expression looks almost… frightened? She makes as if to leave, but Wakana steps forward hurriedly, extending her palms in a soothing gesture. As they walk closer, her face schools itself into one of clear relief, which only serves to confuse the prince even more. Wakana leads their group to the woman, palms still held out. “Please, ma’am,” she begins. “We are not enemies. We are merely travellers, here to replenish our supplies before we continue on our way.” “Travellers?” The woman echoes in mild wonder, looking between them. Her dark eyes soften sadly. “There haven’t been very many in years,” she reveals. “Not since the war.”She holds out her hands, mimicking Wakana’s gesture. “Pardon my earlier rudeness,” she apologizes. “I had initially thought you were Fire Nation soldiers, here to collect more provisions. They are not due for another week at least, and we still have barely enough to feed ourselves.” Hold on a second. “What do you mean?” Eijun asks, stepping forward. He faintly registers his fellow travellers’ eyes on him, but he ignores their curious gazes. The woman turns to him, her big eyes sad and full of fear. Eijun feels his gut wrench painfully at the look she gives him. “The oasis villages have had to supply the Fire Nation army with food and supplies for as long as we remember,” she tells him bitterly. “There’s hardly enough to go around. The children are malnourished, and the sick are only increasing. Each day is a battle for us as well.” Eijun feels his disbelief grow with every word. How had he not known of this? He breathes deeply, desperately trying to control his outrage. “Why do you not inform them of your hardship?” He asks, stunned. “They could obtain their provisions from the mainland.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        “We have tried, oh how we have tried, long ago.” She says scornfully. Eijun feels distress course through him upon seeing an expression like that on a citizen’s face. “When we refused the first time… the soldiers burned the chief’s house down. They promised more to come if we did not cooperate.” Eijun is speechless at this revelation, mouth opening and closing soundlessly. Noticing his distress, Wakana places a comforting hand on his shoulder, gently but firmly telling him not to question further. “We’re so sorry,” she tells the lady, pursing her lips in regret. “We were unaware. We will be on our way.” “No, no,” the lady smiles softly at them. “You must be weary from your travels.” She extends a hand invitingly towards the oasis. “There is not much our little village can offer, but please do stay a while.” Eijun watches numbly, still reeling, as Wakana smiles. “That is so kind of you,” he hears her say. “Thank you.” ------  Wakana peeks her head quietly into the infirmary, her heart sinking at the sight of rows and rows of sleeping patients, gaunt and sallow from fatigue and malnutrition. Her hand clenches tightly onto the sling of the waterskin hanging from her shoulder, her mouth pressed into a determined line. She listens carefully, only the sound of soft snores permeating the quiet of the night. She is about to tiptoe into the shelter when a voice freezes her in her tracks. “No one’s awake, if that’s what you’re afraid of.” Wakana stifles a gasp, spinning around, hands already held in front of herself in a defensive position. Behind her, arms crossed and face decidedly unimpressed, stands the only earthbender in the entire village. Wakana lowers her hands guiltily. In the moonlight, Kuramochi rolls his eyes, exasperated. “And here I was wondering why you agreed to stay the night when we barely have time to waste,” he accuses in a low voice. Wakana bristles. “I couldn’t just leave them here when I can help,” she argues back in a loud whisper. “There are people dying in here, Kuramochi!” He huffs through his nose, and she pauses. “And how did you find me here?” “I felt you get out of bed.” Her face heats up at his words. “You what?” Kuramochi squints at her, seemingly confused. “I felt you…” His face colors, realizing the implication of his words. “Oh, no no!” He sputters, waving his hands in front of his face. “What I meant was I was waiting for someone to get out of bed so that I could talk to them without that Takigawa guy overhearing,” he says in a rush. It’s the most out of character Wakana’s ever seen him. “I just felt the vibrations in the earth when you moved, that’s all. I swear.” The healer nods slowly, willing her pulse to slow. “Of course,” she says. “Right.” “Yeah.” There is an awkward silence. “Anyways, go in and do your healing thing already,” the earthbender says, not meeting her eyes. His voice is gruff. “Be snappy about it.” She gives him a mock salute. “Will do, General Kuramochi.”A tiny smile on her face, she ducks into the room before he can even form a reply.    Kuramochi is waiting for her outside when she emerges from the infirmary. He raises an eyebrow. “I ran out of water,” she tells him tiredly, holding up the waterskin. “You’ve overworked yourself,” he replies. She doesn’t argue, pursing her lips remorsefully. “There are still so many people in there who need healing,” she says in a small voice. Her jaw clenches, angry at herself for her incompetence. “Hey,” he says, noting her expression. He tilts her chin up so her eyes meet his steady green gaze. “Don’t blame yourself now,” he says softly but firmly. “You did as much as you could.” She only furrows her eyebrows in response, biting her lip, but eventually succumbing to her fatigue. They start the walk back to their lodge slowly, Wakana’s feet dragging on the ground just the tiniest bit. “So what did you want to talk about?” she remembers, head turning to the earthbender. Kuramochi scowls, eyes fastened straight ahead determinedly. “So you know how I can sense the vibrations in the earth,” he begins. She nods, face turning pink in the dark. He continues. “So, by extension, if I concentrate hard enough, I can tell when people are lying.” Her eyes flicker to him, surprised at the new information. “People’s pulses speed up when they lie, even if it’s just the tiniest bit. And I can sense that through the earth.” Wakana’s mouth forms a small o of amazement. “That’s incredible,” she breathes. She had never before thought too deeply about the nuances of the four bending disciplines. “Uh, thanks,” Kuramochi scratches the back of his head awkwardly, causing the hair at the back of his head to stick out every which way. “But anyway, my point is that the Takigawa fellow’s a liar.” His expression darkens. “A damn good liar, I’ll give him that, but he definitely wasn’t telling the truth when he told us that he was a messenger.” He looks to her. “And I can’t be sure, since we were in the air, but I’m willing to bet that his name isn’t Takigawa either.” Wakana meets his serious gaze with a troubled look. “He can’t be the prince,” she says uncertainly after a long pause. “His eyes are the wrong color. But…” she trails off, her footsteps slowing to a halt. Kuramochi waits with her. “But there’s something about him that seems almost familiar.” The earthbender nods, seemingly unsurprised. “We’ve just gotta be careful, is what I’m saying,” he surmises. “He’s not all he’s made himself out to be.” She lets out a small hum of agreement, a tiny seed of unsettlement planting itself in her chest. “Yeah.”  



Chapter End Notes
Don't think Chris will appear in this fic so here's a mention of The Most Amazing Mentor Ever™


doubt
Chapter Notes
Once again, thank you so so much for all your support for this story!! You're gonna get sick of me always repeating this but I don't care lolAlso, I know that lots of you guys have theories and burning questions about the universe and characters, but the story's starting to pick up from this point on so your questions will all be answered slowly but soon enough! \(^o^)/

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 They get ready to leave the first thing the next morning, each person having been graciously presented with a small satchel of food for the road. Miyuki accepts his with both hands, bowing his head in thanks as he does. “We are sorry that we cannot provide more,” the lady from the day before sends them off regretfully, a small son by her side. He bows low and straightens, shooting them a toothy grin. Wakana crouches down and runs a thumb over his cheek. She looks up to the woman. “We have already overstayed our welcome,” the healer smiles warmly. Miyuki decides to leave the talking to her. “The villagers are such kind people, and you have already done more than we could have asked without anything in return.”It was true. Rather excited about their sudden appearance, the local villagers had been very accommodating, insisting they clean themselves and have a good night’s sleep before venturing on their way. Miyuki, though doubtful at first, had been persuaded by the hot baths. He had taken his time in them, immersing himself in the clean water and replenishing his energy after days on end spent in the arid mainland. Glancing around at his team, he was painfully aware of the dirt and grime that had washed off the skin of his fellow foreigners, revealing the expanses of fair skin underneath. Though if anyone had noticed anything, they had never voiced it out loud. And Takigawa… Miyuki flicks his gaze to the sole person in their group who actually hailed from the Fire Nation, eyes raking over his fidgeting form. The shorter boy had been slightly out of it ever since they’d arrived at the oasis, keeping to himself and limiting his contact with any of the others. He reckoned the boy too immersed in his own thoughts to be suspicious of anything. The woman shakes her head, looking fondly at them all. “It has been a long time since travellers roamed the lands,” she replies, rubbing her son’s shoulder comfortingly. They exchange an affectionate glance, and she turns her eyes back to them, gaze drifting between each young face. “Being reminded of the past… it gives us hope that one day things may return to the way they once were.” She squeezes her son a little closer into her side, her voice turning pensive and her lips turning down. “The way they were before we had to live in fear of the very ones who ruled us.” Takigawa flinches at her statement, and Miyuki watches as he opens his mouth to say something, before apparently thinking better of it and squeezing his lips tightly together. His brown eyes are crestfallen, though they still glean in the sunlight, unhappiness clear as day. His knuckles are white as they grip onto his food satchel.Miyuki quirks a brow, but doesn’t say anything. “Safe travels to you all,” the woman grasps Wakana’s hand in hers. “Be free to live your youth.” ----- Miyuki’s instincts are rarely wrong, but even he is not perfect all of the time. The waterbender admits the thought with a sour expression on his face. As such, he begrudgingly accepted that he had indeed miscalculated in his suspicions a while ago, the mysterious boy on horseback indeed not the boy they had travelled all this way to pursue.Now, however, he’s beginning to think that he may not have been as wrong as he had initially thought. All six travellers once again gathered on the back of the flying bison, Furuya finally stepping up to learn the reins from Haruichi, Miyuki observes as Takigawa sits off to one side and cautiously inspects the contents of his food satchel. Takigawa is a person of nobility, he’s sure of it. No matter how hard he tries to hide it, the telltale signs of his refined mannerisms peek through the cracks, in the dignified way he handles himself, his formal speech patterns, the way he unconsciously sits with his back ramrod straight even as his eyes glaze over in thought. Even right then, his aristocratic upbringing is evident in the way he carefully picks up a small orange in between two slender, unmarred fingers. He brings the small fruit closer to his face, turning it over and scrutinizing it from every angle, before placing the orange back down in favor of a dragonfruit. He handles the spiky, bright pink fruit with great apprehension, furrowing his eyebrows the slightest fraction and repeating the same scrutiny, even prodding it a few times, before placing that down as well. The brown eyed boy now bears a troubled look on his face, looking down at his small collection of exotic fruit with a profound hesitance. The waterbender crosses his arms and waits. Surely he had eaten these fruits before. Surely. Miyuki continues watching, equal parts helpless amusement and reserved suspicion, as Takigawa finally decides on a simple bread roll, balancing it on his lean thigh and gathering the fruit back into his satchel, neatly tying the loose ends of the cloth together. Peeling off a clean square with difficulty from the corner of the hard bread and popping the bite-sized clump into his mouth, the boy looks into the distance, chewing mournfully with his lips firmly closed. Miyuki thinks. Finding the boy when they did, and spending the last day or so observing pretty much his every movement, the amount of instinctive regality that Takigawa exhibits without even being aware of himself is now so painfully obvious. It is so ingrained in him, habits hammered for years into every fiber of his being that far surpasses that of which a simple messenger could never hope to achieve. Granted, there are perhaps many Fire Nation children of noble birth. But Miyuki refuses to believe that such a coincidence is possible.Add that to the miniscule slip-ups the elegant Fire Nation boy has been making all day, and really now, Miyuki is far from stupid. Literally everything adds up. Everything adds up perfectly, and that is what is infuriating Miyuki to no end. His eyes run over the lithe form, the smooth unblemished skin, to the back of his head, where the tips of his brown hair almost glow in the bright light of the sun. 
Is it even possible to conceal the color of one’s eyes?
   “So,” a short figure with a head of bright pink hair strolls up to the eating boy, his back to Miyuki as he goes. Blinking out of his state, Miyuki looks back to the reins, where Furuya seems to have just about grasped the hang of bison riding and is guiding them steadily across the sky. His head turns back to where Haruichi has slumped down next to his companion, rummaging in his own food satchel for something to eat. “Where to now, Takigawa?” He asks in that soothing voice of his. “You’re our navigator now.” Takigawa covers his chewing mouth with a hand, taking his time to swallow before starting to speak. “Uh, actually,” he clears his throat. “I was just a second ago thinking that…” His eyes flicker to Miyuki, who has looked away, but is still eavesdropping. He continues cautiously. “The journey is rather far still, and our humble satchels could not possibly last us.” “What’s your point?” Kuramochi asks bluntly, in that no-nonsense fashion of his. He’s halfway through an orange, bits of peel littered haphazardly about him. As the earthbender stands to make his way over, Takigawa’s eyes zero in on the orange peel with a strange look on his face.Kuramochi clamps a hand on Takigawa’s shoulder, the other holding out the orange. “Want some?” The boy shakes his head wordlessly, face now mystified. Kuramochi shrugs and settles himself down, though Miyuki notices how his hand still doesn’t leave the other boy’s shoulder. “Well,” the Fire Nation boy shifts somewhat nervously under Kuramochi’s scrutiny. “I merely suggest that we stop by another oasis village, a few more even, to supply ourselves with enough food to sustain us for the entire journey.” “You sure we’ve got the time?” Kuramochi removes his hand in favor of slinging his entire arm across Takigawa’s shoulders. The boy stiffens at his touch, unsure of what to do. “Shouldn’t you deliver your news about the prince as soon as possible?” “I..” the messenger hesitates, eyeing the other passengers who have all turned to him, dropping the act of pretending to be disinterested in their conversation. He avoids their eyes and tears another piece off his bread roll. “I would have traveled far slower on horseback. A necessary detour of a few days should still be alright.” Kuramochi hums noncommittally, taking a big bite of the orange in his free hand. He turns his head to do so, and his green orbs lock onto Miyuki’s brown ones, the expression on his face startling the waterbender. His eyes are narrowed, eyebrows down in a scowl. He shakes his head the slightest bit, and though Miyuki had not known that Kuramochi ever harbored the same suspicions as him, the message that he now sends is clear as the sky they fly across.
He’s lying.
 After a quick glance to make sure that Takigawa wasn’t looking, he sends a small nod back to the earthbender.
I know.
 Kuramochi’s scowl, if even possible, deepens, and he gets up to trudge back to his food, arm sliding off Takigawa’s shoulders as he does so. Wakana has a similar dark look on her delicate features as she cleans up the scattered bits of orange peel. Kuramochi returns to his place next to her and they exchange a few words in hushed whispers. Meeting eyes once more, Kuramochi’s message is clear – Later. Miyuki nods once. “That sounds like a good idea,” he says aloud, noting the way the Fire Native relaxes in relief. “Furuya, we’ll stop at the next village we come across.” The airbender nods, not bothering to turn his head back.  ---------  The next village appears to be significantly larger than the first even from a distance, the sun already low on the horizon as they begin their descent. Everyone visibly perks up at the sight of civilization in the distance, the hours of travel quickly making the young benders restless, what with nothing to busy themselves. “Miyuki,” Haruichi comes up to him quietly. The small airbender quickly looks around to make sure no one is listening in. “Tama hasn’t had food or water in a while.” He reaches over the end of the saddle to pet the flying bison comfortingly. “I’ll obtain some food for him tonight, but I also usually bring him to a river…” The waterbender nods in understanding under the younger’s solicit gaze. “I’ll bring him some water tonight,” he assures him. Haruichi smiles in thanks. They land pretty roughly on the ground due to Furuya’s unpolished flying skills, fruit scattering and limbs failing. Takigawa scrambles for his bag, clutching it to his chest for dear life as the bison steadies itself. Looking flustered, he straightens in a feeble act at nonchalance. Miyuki stifles a snicker. “Alright, everybody off,” Kuramochi grunts, already jumping off the side of the saddle. The rest make to follow suit. With farming fields all along the outskirts with little to mask their impending presence, they’d stopped flying further off as a result, making the walk to the village longer this time. The village is still a ways off, but at least the heat is more forgiving at this time of day. Miyuki opts to staying behind the group to keep an eye on them, leaving Kuramochi and Wakana to lead the way. “There are seven small boys playing football in the outermost field,” the earthbender reports. “Haven’t seen us yet. But they will soon.” Takigawa cranes his head to look, then turns to Kuramochi with wide eyes. “How did you know that?” he asks in disbelief. Miyuki lifts his head to look too, and true enough, the village is still too far in the distance for the waterbender to make anything out either. Kuramochi stiffens for a microsecond before replying him. “I have damn good eyesight, kid,” he sniffs. “That’s how.”At his words, Takigawa’s lips part in awe, and his eyes don’t get any smaller as he looks between Kuramochi and the still far-off village.    As predicted, they are spotted and the children are standing in an uneven line, game forgotten, as they wait for the group to approach. When they get within earshot, the boys bow in a poorly synchronized fashion, before raising their hands in messy salutes. “Hail Fire Lord Asano!” they shout. Their words overlap each other and jumble up, but Miyuki makes them out nonetheless. Behind Takigawa, who simply nods, the Water Native scrunches his nose in disdain. Miyuki doesn’t particularly want to prove his nonexistent allegiance to the Fire Lord, and he can tell that most of his group shares the same sentiment, so they walk the rest of the way in silence. He doesn’t miss the surreptitious glances the Fire Native throws them, though. The boys look equal parts confused and wary when the group doesn’t reply, fidgeting awkwardly when they finally walk up to them. Slowly, the boys take in the commoner’s tunics, the lack of weaponry and the food satchels. They exchange nervous glances. After a few nudges from his friend, one of the braver boys blinks up owlishly at them, wide eyes curious. “You…you’re not soldiers?” He asks apprehensively. Wakana bends down to their eye level, which honestly isn’t much further down, but it’s an amenable gesture. The boys relax upon seeing her. “We aren’t from the army,” she reassures them. She holds up her hands in the same peaceful gesture she demonstrated prior. “We’re merely a small group of peaceful travellers who are just passing through your village. We are tired from travelling, so we were hoping to stay here for a while.” “Oh!” The boys brighten upon hearing that they are not soldiers. The glances they exchange are of excitement this time around. Interesting, Miyuki muses. “Come with us!” The boy who had spoken earlier offers. He smiles widely, revealing a missing front tooth. “We’ll bring you to see the chief!”  They are led past field after field of half grown crops and finally into the village, which, unlike the last, contained rows of well-built houses and even a few shops, by the looks of it. People were going about their daily activities on the haphazardly paved streets, though they turned to look curiously as they made their way past. The boys leading them looked smug, puffing out their chests and leading them through the winding paths. “Travellers!” They would call out to the curious pedestrians, cupping their small hands around their mouths to be heard. “They’re not soldiers! We’re taking them to see the Chief!” The village was fairly civilized, to Miyuki’s surprise. A drastic difference to the one they had just come from. Looking around, the streets were organized and decently clean, a few cattle dotted here and there helping to pull carts along. He even spotted a small school, the Fire Nation emblem patterned on a tapestry hanging at the entrance. Takigawa seems fascinated by the village too, so entranced by the sight of the school that Miyuki has to pull him out of the way of a cart speeding past. The wheels of the cart stir up a fair bit of dust in its wake, and Miyuki swipes a hand at the air, irritated. He hears a sneeze from one of the others. “Be more attentive of your surroundings, idiot,” Miyuki chides. Takigawa doesn’t respond, rubbing his eyes frantically to rid them of dust.  The chief’s house is slightly bigger than the others, though that is really its only distinguishing feature. The house is built from the same wood as the rest, bearing the same roof thatching and of the same architectural design as every house on its street. They would have missed it, had the boys not indicated the structure. “It’s that one!” They point. After thanking them, the children wave enthusiastically as they run off.  A skinny old man answers the door, looking faintly surprised to see them. His maroon robe extends past his long frame to the floor, grey hair falling past his shoulders and smile wrinkles at the corners of his clear blue eyes. Quickly getting over his shock, he invites them in, ushering them into a humble sitting room scarcely furnished with one ratty couch and a few stools. Candles light the interior of the house, casting shadows on the walls as they move. “Tea?” he inquires. Politely declining, everyone settles themselves and the old man slowly lowers himself onto the last remaining stool, sitting to face the group. He bows from his waist. “I am Narumiya, Chief of this village,” he introduces himself, wise eyes surveying the scraggly group with subdued interest. “How may I help you young travellers?” Wakana speaks up first. “We have run low on provisions from our travels,” she explains. The rest nod, playing along, trying to earn sympathy. “We were passing through on our journeys, and a few children found us at the edge of the village and were kind enough to lead us to you. We were hoping to stay here for a while should you allow us.” There is a twinkle in the Chief’s eye as he nods sagely. “And where do you wish your travels bring you?” “We are simply wandering through the oasis villages to witness the impact of the regime on our fellow Fire Natives,” Miyuki cuts in with ease, tingeing his tone with regret, and judging the reaction of the Chief as he does so. As he expects, the Chief’s face morphs into one of interest. He continues, injecting more sorrow into his voice, gently nudging the gears in the old man’s head. Watching them turn. “We have just come from the village nearest the Eastern Gate.” He purses his lips, letting out a sigh for effect. “They are not fairing nearly as well as you.” The Chief inspects them with a newfound curiosity. “We are fortunate that we yield enough crops to satisfy each month’s quota,” he replies, eyes meeting Miyuki’s. “It looks like the Eastern village was not so lucky.” A weighted pause, as if contemplating his next words. “I sincerely hope that nothing too serious has happened over there.” Another pause, and then a softer, slightly bitter, “the king is ruthless.” 
Bingo.
 “We were told that the Eastern village’s Chief’s house was burned down because they refused to provide for the army,” Haruichi remembers quietly. Takigawa tenses up next to him, hands clenching into fists on his knees. Miyuki places a hand on his arm warningly, and the boy freezes at his touch. “That is nothing,” the Chief scoffs quietly. “The Fire Lord has done worse still.” This piques Miyuki’s interest. “Like what?” He prompts. The old man regards the group carefully. Miyuki keeps his curious gaze open, inviting. “This war, for starters,” he relents, tone turning wistful. “A trading village we once were, before the war. We’re right between the border and the Southern Gate, and business here thrived as people from the other nations stayed and travelled through here on their ways to and from the mainland. If the Fire Lord had not started this war, we would still be a thriving village.” He lifts his hand to gesture vaguely to the room, to the window, where it has started to get dark. “Now look what we have been reduced to,” he whispers. He turns his face back to them and continues on. The twinkle in his eye is gone. “Every year, the soldiers come to the villages to forcefully recruit all able benders of eligible age for the war, and we never know if they will ever return. It could have been the last time we saw them.” He chokes up, and stops, rubbing his hands against his face. “Even my only grandson…” He shakes his head, looking into the faces of the benders in turn with sad eyes. “He would have been around your age…” The benders listen as the old man lets out a single sob, body wracking with the motion. Miyuki’s hand is still on Takigawa’s arm, and spares a glance at the other. The boy is trembling, fringe over his eyes and face pale. Miyuki doesn’t move his arm away. The old man recovers, body shuddering as he takes in a huge breath. “This village was never in favor of the war,” he continues. He seems determined to finish speaking his mind. Miyuki suspects that he hadn’t had the opportunity for a very long time. “And we have never had contact with the other villages in years, but it is unlikely that they are being treated differently. None of the villages in the fire nation are. Perhaps not even the mainland.” He lets out a broken sound, halfway between a laugh and a sob. “It is pathetic, isn’t it? That we all live in fear of the very one who rules over us. We are all being used as pawns for the Fire Lord’s own selfish greed.” A single tear escapes his right eye, the blue irises looking like broken glass. “Should this war ever end, I do not know how I will be able to raise my head to those from other nations again. It is deplorable, what our King has done.” Takigawa shifts uneasily under his touch. Miyuki’s eyes flicker to him. “What are you… talking about?” He asks in a small voice, head still lowered. He sounds confused, but Miyuki hears an undercurrent of something more in his tone. It sounds a lot like desperation. “The King did not start this war. The other nations formed an alliance with the aim to invade the Fire Nation and obtain our wealth for themselves.” Miyuki’s eyebrows raise a fraction of a hair. So the Fire Nation schools even practice self-censorship. Deplorable indeed. Pitiful, even, if Miyuki could find it in himself to care more. Unfortunately, the rest of the people in the room are not as subtle at expressing their shock. Kuramochi visibly blanches, whipping his head to the Fire Native. Haruichi wobbles on his stool, and Furuya’s aura turns black. A candle gets put out. Miyuki feels the blood rushing fast in the others’ veins. Fortunately, the Chief is just as shocked as the rest of them. “Is that what you young ones were taught in the mainland?” The Chief’s face has turned ashen, his jaw hanging open. Takigawa just nods dumbly, head never lifting fully. The Chief puts his head in his hands for a moment. When he lifts his head, his expression is broken. “No, my child,” he says, voice heavy. He looks as if the weight of the world had been suddenly dumped on his shoulders. “You all are horribly mistaken.” He looks them each in the eye, expression grave. “It is our own nation that started the war,” he assures them bitterly. “Fire Lord Asano seeks to expand his territory and is burning down everything in his path to do so.” 



Chapter End Notes
well NOW we're finally getting somewhere


fire
Chapter Notes
Happy Valentine's Day <33 Thanks again for all the wonderful comments!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 There are a million thoughts rushing through Eijun’s mind all at once. Jumbling. Intertwined. Unruly, like fire. But the prince has been trained to compartmentalize and focus on priorities, and there exists a very pressing matter at hand. Eijun has never worn his lenses for this long of a period before, and to make matters worse, dust had entered his eyes earlier in the day. The layers of thin glass are starting to irritate his eyes, and he knows that before long, he will start bleeding too, should he fail to remove them soon. As soon as the group deposits their belongings at an inn, he excuses himself, asking around for directions and walking briskly into a small bathhouse situated a few streets away. The hot steam from the baths hits him almost immediately as he enters, white steam hanging lazily in the air as he makes a mad dash for the mirrors at the other end of the room. Checking to see that he is alone, he carefully extracts his lenses, tearing up as he does so. It stings, Eijun hissing in pain as the pieces of glass detach themselves from his cornea and drop unceremoniously into his waiting palms. Blinking rapidly, tears running down his cheeks, he peers at his reflection in the dirty mirror. The gold is almost startling to see, framed by webs of red crawling across the whites of his eyes. The prince feels a pang in his chest as he stares at his reflection, a frightened boy with golden eyes gaping back at him. A small voice at the back of his head chidingly reminds him that it is not an expression that belongs on a face with those eyes, but he purposefully ignores it.He had worn the color proudly then, back in the capital, when everything was straightforward and had made sense. But now.... now the prince feels disgusted. The words of Chief Narumiya echo in his head like a persistent servant at dinnertime. 
Pathetic, isn’t it? That we all live in fear of the very one who rules over us.
 In all honesty, he was already aware of this from the beginning. The Fire Lord rules in fear. It was simple in theory, neat, efficient, and it kept the people nicely in line. He thinks back to the threat his father made, to take one of his eyes out should he ever leave the palace. It had seemed like eons ago. Eijun had never been close to his father, but he knew the current Fire Lord well enough to know that one of his eyes was already as good as gone. It was never about respect. He quickly washes his lenses in the hot bathwater before plunging his free hand in and splashing his face in an attempt to clean his eyes. They burn in protest, only watering more. The pain is excruciating, and Eijun feels sick to his stomach. Dropping to his knees, he squeezes his eyes shut, feeling his body temperature flare. 
I am just a pawn too, in the elaborate scheme of things. Am I not, Father?
  --------------   Eijun does not know where he is. He had been wandering about, assuming he was retracing his steps from the solitary bathhouse back to their humble inn. Although, he had admittedly found himself exploring the charming village, and with all the streets looking nearly identical, he inevitably strayed a ways off his intended path. Now the young firebender found himself at the edge of a quiet street, facing the endless farming fields. The sight, much like a great part of his travels have been so far, is picturesque indeed. He makes to turn back, but a sound from behind a nearby tool shed grasps his attention. His fingertips tingle with warmth, and his eyes widen. He inhales sharply through his nose. Firebending. Somewhat hesitant but full of anticipation, Eijun slowly makes his way over, heart racing in his chest. He cautiously peeks around the corner of the shed just in time to see orange flames flash bright in the muddy brown of his lenses before fizzling out dolefully. A boy stands there, evidently the source of the flames. He is panting heavily, hands on his knees, broad back to Eijun. He looks to be a teenager, limbs lanky and healthily lean. Resting for a few moments, he straightens to continue his firebending attempts, perspiration collecting at the edges of his platinum blonde hair and dripping down into the dry soil below his feet. His form is sloppy, movements coltish and stance unstable. But he possesses impressive raw potential. Eijun observes from his position behind the shed silently, mesmerized by the uncontrolled flames. It had been years since the meticulously trained prince last witnessed flames spiraling beyond a bender’s control, dangerous yet thrillingly beautiful. After yet another failed attempt at properly projecting his fire, the boy lets out a frustrated grunt. He spins on his heel, freezing as he spots Eijun. Caught watching, the startled prince is rooted to his spot, unsure of his next action. He is aware that he must look ridiculous, not unlike a deer at the tip of a flaming hunting arrow. The teenager is first to recover, pale green eyes narrowing. “You’re one of the travellers,” he says in a low voice. Sheepish, Eijun steps into the open. “I heard you training,” he explains in response, trying to appear less put upon than he feels. “I was simply curious.” “A firebender of the Fire Nation practicing firebending,” the boy mutters, rubbing his hands on his tunic. “There is not much to be curious about.” “In secret?” The boy gives Eijun a glare. “It is all I can do,” he says. “There are no firebending teachers in the village, and I am due for enlistment next year.” He looks down at a palm resentfully, before clenching it into a fist so tight, his knuckles whiten. “I am aware of my fate.” He bites out harshly. “And I only wish to return home with my life.” This is not right. “You could hide your bending from the officials,” he tries weakly, heart sinking. What was his father doing to his country? To his people? “They’ll know.” The boy spits angrily. “They conduct a test every year. They hold a lit match against your skin, and if you don’t burn, they take you away. I will not burn against regular fire. Training for the inevitable is the only way if I don’t want to die.“I never wanted this,” he hisses, holding out a blazing hand in demonstration. His turquoise eyes are alight with unshed tears. Eijun closes his eyes in grief. His jaw clenches painfully.The boy stands across him, watching him in silence punctuated only by his heavy breathing. “Your fire is capricious,” the prince finally whispers. He hopes that he will not regret this. “It does not obey you.” He opens his eyes to see the boy’s dubious ones. “What do you mean?” He brushes past the boy, coming to a stop in the middle of the small space obscured from view by the shed. “Your form is haphazard,” he says, louder this time. “You are forcing your movements.” Eijun employs an orthodox stance. “Firebending comes from the breath, and the flow of chi.”He takes a deep breath, sweeping his arms in a graceful arc before jabbing a fist into the distance, generating a short-range fire bomb. He brings his fists back to his sides, facing his palms down and returning to his initial stance before relaxing. “I had my suspicions, and it looks like I was right.” Eijun raises an eyebrow in confusion as the boy points to him accusingly. “You’re a group of rogue benders who have escaped enlistment.” The prince opens his mouth to deny this, but the boy raises a hand. “It’s okay,” he mutters. “I understand.” He fiddles with his fingers, looking down at them. “But I have family here. And I need to learn.” He raises his head to meet Eijun’s eyes, and the prince watches as the boy drops into a low bow. “So please teach me.” Eijun clamps his mouth shut.   ------  “What do you think of the Fire Lord?” Eijun asks out of the blue. His student looks up at him in surprise, breaths ragged. He shoots another blast at Eijun, which the prince easily dissipates with a sharp jab of his hand. He frowns. “I asked you a question,” he complains. The blonde brushes his fringe out of his eyes. He shrugs listlessly. “Obey him or you and your loved ones will perish.” Dropping his stance, the tall boy wipes at his face with the back of a hand. “And I am sure I speak for all of us. You will not find a single resident of this village who respects the Fire Lord, mark my words. We all live in bitter fear.” Eijun nods, lips pursing resignedly at the confirmation, the last glimmer of hope he may have possessed now snuffed out. “And what of the prince?” A pause. “I feel sorry for him.” The prince abandons his stance, taken aback by the other’s words. “Sorry?” He may have misheard. “Why would you feel that way?” The other holds his arms above his head, stretching. “He’s no different from any of us, born into a role that he has no choice but to fulfill,” he says. “The King has never had any interest in the prince as anything beyond a glorified pawn, someone who will continue the royal bloodline.” “The faceless prince is likely the most miserable person in this vast nation,” the teenager mulls offhandedly. He aims another blast of fire at his mentor, illuminating their faces. Eijun deftly sidesteps it, watching the flames curl before disappearing into the darkness. Am I miserable?  He clasps his hands in front of him. “Your improvement is immense.” The boy scowls. “Not immense enough.” “Yet I reckon this enough for today.” The boy turns to him in alarm. “Wait–“ “Takigawa.” Eijun freezes. There is a suspended pause in which the pair registers the new voice. Tentatively, he turns to the direction of the newcomer, stood in the shadows of the toolshed. He tries for a guilty smile. “Hello, Furuya,” he begins. His fellow traveller responds with a simple nod. “How long have you been there?” The pale boy promptly ignores him. “You were missing for hours,” he mutters. “I was sent to find you.” He appears to have lost track of the time. He looks around. The sun sets late in the Fire Nation, but it was already dark. “I’m sorry about that. I got lost.” Furuya hums, unimpressed. “No, it is my fault for keeping him.” Eijun spins his head to face his student so quickly, he feels something in his neck click. “He was teaching me firebending.” Furuya’s pale eyes drift to the boy next to him as Eijun holds his breath. “Was he now?” The boy nods, oblivious to the newfound tension in the air. He bows to Furuya, and then to Eijun. “Thank you for today.” Eijun swallows thickly. “It was no problem at all.” “Could we…” The boy licks his lips. “Could we continue these lessons whilst you are still here?” “Of…” Eijun glances nervously to Furuya, who watches impassively, his arms crossed over his chest. “Of course. I will see you back here tomorrow at the same time.”   ------  “You’re a firebender.” It is not an accusation, simply a comment, voice betraying no emotion. Eijun sighs. There is no use denying this information. “I am.” He glances to the tall boy, slightly challenging. “And you are not?” Furuya hums noncommittally. “I am not. None of us are.” Blue eyes turn to meet his. “Why were you training that boy?” The prince looks away. “He was to enlist next year, and had no knowledge of the form.” He bristles, remembering his earlier conversation with the village boy. “I had no clue that the people were being treated this way,” he mutters. “You’re a messenger,” Furuya scowls, tone dark. It’s the most emotion Eijun’s ever seen on him. “How could you not have known?” Eijun does not reply. He feels the cool gaze of the pale boy burn into the side of his face.  “Unless you are not.” Eijun purses his lips, gaze lowered to the path in front of him. This was bound to happen. He lacked essential knowledge of his own land. It was piteous. “Who are you really?” He hears the other ask. Ah. Eijun wonders how he should reply. “No one important.” His breath is barely above a whisper, yet Furuya somehow hears him. “Important enough to escape enlistment,” the other argues. For the most impassive character of the few that Eijun has met, Furuya is horribly persistent. Eijun takes a deep inhale. “I ran away, alright?” It is not a lie, but not the full truth. In point of fact, as of that very moment, even Eijun himself is harrowingly unaware of the full truth. “But this boy cannot. He has family here that he cannot abandon.” Furuya regards him for a good while, expression unreadable. “In any other case, I would never condone running away from responsibility,” he says. “We must all do our part for the good of our nation, no matter what may be on the line.” The good of our nation. Eijun shuts his eyes, frustrated. I know. I am trying my best. “But in your case, I wonder.” Eijun’s eyes open warily. “What do you mean?” Furuya merely shrugs. “What do you think is best for your nation?”Eijun tries not to panic at the way he says your nation, though the other fails to notice. “Sometimes, what is best does not coincide with what is expected of oneself.” The corners of his lips lift in an almost imperceptibe, rueful smile. It makes his stoic face look almost gentle in the dark. “And what is best for the country may be not within one’s personal best interests, either.” He is speaking in riddles. Eijun squints, wondering if it is a side effect of travelling with Miyuki. “And what is your point?” He is not sure if he wishes to know the answer. Furuya snorts quietly. “I do not know who you are, but you have a good heart.” He lifts a long, pale finger to jab at the left side of Eijun’s chest. “Follow it.” 



Chapter End Notes
I literally had a note in my drafts that went FURUYA NEEDS CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT so here it is, in all its barely-there, tiny gloryAlso props to whoever can guess the identity of the young bender!


revelations
Chapter Notes
Hello to you all! Back with an update, and once again, thank you all so much for your comments on the previous chapter! I have to say, I was really impressed with how many people correctly guessed who Eijun's student was XD Anyways, the story's looking to pick up quite a bit from this point onwards :)) look forward to it YAY

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“So first thing’s first,” Kuramochi says, entering the room and quickly claiming a mattress, slumping down onto it. The long chat with the innkeeper had drained him, even though he had barely done any of the talking. Takigawa had done well to run off to the bathroom. The other benders of the alliance file in after him, arranging themselves in a loose circle on the adjacent mattresses. “Takigawa’s not a messenger.” “He isn’t,” Miyuki agrees, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his crossed legs. “Basic war strategy denotes that ravens are to be sent to deliver urgent news,” he explains to the rest. “Messengers are only utilized for lengthy updates to and from the palace. In any case, I had harbored suspicions, but they were confirmed recently.” His eyes narrow. This was where he had questions. “Takigawa is clearly a noble, and a high noble at that.” Haruichi hums thoughtfully. He does not seem very surprised. “His mannerisms are refined indeed. Monk Ochiai would be impressed.” Miyuki nods. “I am very inclined to think that Takigawa is indeed Prince Eijun. The only discrepancy is the color of his eyes.” It frustrates Miyuki to no end. “There is no known way to change the color of one’s eyes though,” Wakana sighs, absently fiddling with a strand of her brown hair. “And especially for this long of a period at a time.” Her delicate eyebrows furrow in worry. “Could… could we perhaps have been misled?” Her fellow Water Native frowns, shaking his head. “It is highly unlikely.”The benders sit in contemplative silence. “Wait, there’s one more thing.” Kuramochi remembers, holding a finger up. The rest turn to him. “I’m pretty certain that the runaway prince is a bender, and a relatively powerful one at that.” This is news to the others. “What makes you say that?” Wakana asks. The earthbender looks at her. “Do you remember the hidden entrance we used to infiltrate the palace?” Miyuki snaps his fingers, eyes lighting up. How could he have forgotten such a glaring clue? “You mentioned that a lavabender created it.” “Exactly. It’s unclear if the prince was the one to create it, but regardless, he must have used the hidden entrance to escape.” Miyuki purses his lips. Lavabending was to firebenders as metalbending was to earthbenders. If Kuramochi’s theory held true, it was apparent that the prince was very powerful. A worthy opponent, should it ever come down to it. Miyuki hoped that wouldn’t be the case. “Is Takigawa a bender?” Furuya wonders out loud. Kuramochi leans back onto his hands, cocking his head to one side. “Well, in theory, he shouldn’t be,” he supposes. “All benders should’ve been recruited for the war efforts.” Furuya lets out a soft hum. “Speaking of the war efforts.” Haruichi begins hesitantly. “Any news sent by raven from the capital should be due to reach the battlefield soon. The King will know of the prince’s disappearance soon enough.” He looks nervously at Miyuki. “What do we do if soldiers arrive here in search of the prince?” “We’ll have to abort the mission, as per Commander Kataoka’s orders,” Kuramochi retorts immediately. He sends a glare to the airbender. “Remember that we cannot afford to engage in combat and risk imprisonment.” “Though fortunately for us, they travel slowly over land,” Miyuki counters easily. “We will have a few days at least.” Kuramochi rolls his eyes as they lapse back into silence. Shrugging, Miyuki finally starts unpacking his own food satchel.  He is halfway through an orange when Wakana sits up straight. “Where is Takigawa?” She questions, perplexed. She looks about the austere room. “Surely the bathhouse is not that far away.” Miyuki takes another bite of his orange. Kuramochi leans over and grabs a piece of his peel, proceeding to fling it at Furuya’s head with deadly accuracy. The flimsy peel shoots across the room and strikes the sleeping airbender’s forehead, waking him from his nap. He flinches and blinks blearily, rubbing at an eye. “Oi Furuya. Go out and find Takigawa.” The airbender frowns, clearly annoyed. “Why me?” “Because sleeping too much is bad for you, dimwit. The sun hasn’t even fully set yet.” Furuya closes his eyes for a second in resignation, before gracefully floating to his feet in one smooth motion. He makes for the door. “The sun sets too late in this nation,” he mutters under his breath on his way out. Miyuki watches his retreating form before starting on a banana. The overripe fruit is too sweet on his tongue.  “Furuya is doing his best,” Haruichi’s gaze lingers on the door the taller had just exited from, thumbs twiddling. “The airbenders follow strict schedules in the temples – I think staying up for so many nights has taken its toll on his body. It has on both of us.” Kuramochi simply grunts, lying back onto his mattress. “Too fragile, you Air Nomads.” He shifts to make himself comfortable, placing his hands behind his head. “Like twigs or something. I can hardly sense the vibrations you lot make.” Haruichi smiles pleasantly, chuckling a little. “Well, we can’t all be like Tama.” Tama? Miyuki wonders briefly. Ah yes, the flying bison. “Which reminds me, I need to feed him tonight. Miyuki said he’d bring water too.” He glances to Miyuki for confirmation, and the bloodbender nods. “What does Tama eat?” Wakana questions, mystified. “Oh, just fruit and hay.” Haruichi gestures to the other side of the room, where his food satchel lies. “Furuya and I have put together some leftovers for him.” “Take Takigawa’s too, he hasn’t eaten any.” Kuramochi offers in place of the absent boy. He pauses for a bit, mulling over his thoughts. “Noble boy probably doesn’t know how to peel his own fruit.” “Hey,” Wakana chides, nudging him gently on the shoulder. “Don’t be mean.” Kuramochi’s already reaching for the referred satchel. “S’true, though.” He tosses it to Haruichi, who catches it carefully. “Thank you,” the airbender carries it to place it next to his own, “but…I think I will still ask him when he returns.” “You do that.”  -----  A sudden jerk of the head. A lower of the voice. “The innkeeper’s coming.” The idle young benders in the room sit up and arrange themselves just as they hear a knock at the door. “Come in,” Wakana calls. The door swings open and the middle aged lady walks into the small room, arms bearing a tray of steaming dishes. Wakana, nearest the door, quickly springs to her feet to assist the innkeeper as they both carefully place the raised tray on the floor. Miyuki eyes the food hungrily. Overripe fruits have served their stomachs decently, but freshly cooked food is a luxury. The innkeeper lady beams at them, hazel eyes crinkling up at the corners. “Some food for you all,” she says to them. From her apron she procures several pairs of chopsticks, laying them meticulously on the tray. “I hear you have all been worn by your travels.” “Oh thank you,” Wakana clasps her hands in appreciation as the boys scramble to their feet to bow. “This is incredibly kind of you.” The lady shakes her head, stray strands of dark hair falling loose from her messy bun as she does so. “No no, it is my pleasure!” She insists. “It brings me joy to finally have guests at the inn again. Please, do not hesitate to ask for more.” After checking that the food is to their liking, she moves to leave, standing by the doorway. “You are most welcome to stay in our inn for any length of time as you please,” she reminds them. Nodding graciously at their words of thanks, she closes the door softly. The four benders hurriedly gather round the tray. “The villagers of the Fire Nation are such lovely people,” Wakana murmurs, picking up a pair of chopsticks. “A pity that their ruler does not share their grace.” Miyuki reaches for another pair. “A pity indeed.”    Fire Nation food is… fiery, to say the least. Delicious, but there is an unusual heat in the foreign seasoning that curls on their tongues and warms their breath. Miyuki offhandedly thinks that he should obtain some of this exotic seasoning for the Water Tribes at the North and South Poles – their winters can be harsh. After swallowing his last bite, Miyuki feels beads of perspiration forming at his hairline. Grimacing, he quickly bends them away with a graceful flick of his finger. Kuramochi drains his waterskin at the speed of light. His face is slightly flushed. “I’ll need your waterskins to take to Tama,” Miyuki reminds them. “Pass them over now and I’ll refill them when I return.” Kuramochi hands his over, and Wakana offers him the rest of hers. After finishing it and passing that to Miyuki too, he points over to Takigawa’s satchel. “Just take his fruits,” he tells Haruichi. He nods to the remaining dishes they left over for their two missing companions. “He’s got food here now, it’ll be fine.” Sparing a glance to the half eaten dishes, the airbender nods, his face pink from the heat of the food. He leans down to grasp hold of the third satchel. “Alright then.” Miyuki stands, joining the smaller bender to leave. He throws a wave over his shoulder. “We’ll be back soon.” -------------  The moon is a pretty crescent tonight, the light it provides just enough to illuminate the dusty streets as the two benders journey to the lake in silence. In the dark, none of the villagers are about, the Fire Natives slumbering with the sun, yet the heat still lingers, almost tangible in the humid air. The crunch of their sandals on the dirt is loud in the tranquil of the night. Miyuki hears the petite boy beside him intake a sharp breath. “What’s wrong?” “The air is stirring.” Haruichi says quietly. He stops in his tracks, turning to face Miyuki. “Are we alone?” Miyuki reaches his senses out, seeking the blood of anyone nearby. After a second, it latches onto an unfamiliar signature, a street over. The figure is moving in their direction.The bloodbender barely has time to shake his head before the silhouette shuffles round the corner, jerking back slightly as he spots the pair. Upon closer inspection, Miyuki identifies the new arrival as a teenaged boy, perhaps a few years younger than himself. His hair is silvery in the light of the moon as he walks closer. Taking in their faces, the boy’s light eyes flash in recognition. He bows to them. “You must be searching for the last member of your party,” he guesses, toneless but polite. Miyuki raises an eyebrow. Haruichi looks as bewildered as Miyuki feels when they exchange glances. “And you are?” “My name is Okumura Koushuu,” the boy introduces quietly. “I was with the missing member of your group until just recently.” He indicates the direction he had come from with a grimy hand. “He went off with the tall dark haired one not long ago. Furuya.” He bows again. “I apologize for keeping him. I had pestered him to teach me firebending, and he was simply granting my wishes.” Miyuki’s eyebrows shoot to his hairline. His mouth curls up into a thin smile. Beside him, Haruichi, in his shock, had dropped one of his satchels, and was scrambling to collect the scattered fruit. 
Well then.
 Watching them, Okumura had seemingly misinterpreted their shock as horror. “I have promised not to divulge your identities as rogue benders,” he seeks to clarify in a low whisper. “I am a bender to enlist next year, and I have undergone no formal training.” He licks his lips. “I have no desire to fight for the army, only to stay alive and return home.” Miyuki’s eyebrows creep even higher, if possible. Rogue benders?He wonders what Takigawa had gotten himself into. He decides to play along. He thinks, choosing his next words carefully. “In that way we are similar, no?” Okumura simply nods, avoiding his gaze. Miyuki tilts his head to one side. “But…you cannot simply run away,” he spares a guess. The boy nods again. Miyuki smirks. Okumura looks up to meet their eyes, and Miyuki promptly drops the cocky expression, pursing his lips to do so. “It could be worse, I mean,” he lifts his slender shoulders in a shallow shrug. “I could be the prince.” The moon reflects brightly in his green eyes as he tilts his chin to the sky. “I take comfort in the fact that I am not the most pitiful pawn in our nation.”  “Well, that’s a bit extreme, isn’t it?” Haruichi speaks up. Miyuki looks to the shorter in masked surprise. The airbender’s pink fringe has parted the slightest fraction, and Miyuki glimpses a peek of a rosy irises through the thin strands. “What do you reckon if the prince ran away?” The corner of Miyuki’s mouth twitches. The waterbender finds himself rather impressed by the unassuming bison rider. Though he finds himself thinking back to the latter’s intimidating elder brother, and the Water Native deliberates if the mental sharpness is possibly genetic. He reckons it is. The blonde boy glowers at the mere thought. “Good riddance if anything,” he mutters darkly. “Though wouldn’t all hell break loose. The King would hold a massive search. His sole heir cannot die, no matter the cost. And the cost may be insurmountable.” Miyuki observes the boy’s face. There is bitterness in his tone, and something Miyuki identifies as reluctant admittance is etched in the faint lines of his scowl. There is an underlying meaning to his words, and Miyuki wants to find out what it is. “All to continue the line of gold eyes? That’s a bit harsh for the vanity of the monarchy.” Okumura narrows his eyes at them, shooting Miyuki a dirty look. “Are you mocking me?” He sounds irritated. “I did not attend a mainland institute like you both, but I do know my facts, thank you very much.” “Let’s hear them then.” Miyuki challenges. Though I doubt any mainland institute would be able to grant me the knowledge you are about to reveal. His eyes glint in anticipation. “What’s so special about the bloodline of the royals?” Miyuki crosses his arms. He senses Haruichi leaning forward on his toes, interested. The blonde boy bristles, taking the bait.  “After Fire Lord Asano murdered the final Avatar and started this war a decade ago, the bloodline of our royal family became the most powerful in the whole world.” Miyuki nods, waiting. Yes, he knows this – it is common knowledge. It is why the Fire Lord rules in fear as effectively as he does. What the history scrolls fail to mention is why. “The superior bloodline never succumbed to the bloodbending of the Water Nation,” Okumura continues tastelessly.“And without the Avatar, there was no one to stop the King from his advances. He amassed his troops and fought the entire Alliance on even footing. But he fought his own nation too, by doing so.” He looks straight at Miyuki, eyes now slits. “So, as you claim, I’m afraid that vanity is not the driving force behind the continuity of the bloodline.” Miyuki is barely listening by this point, the blood rushing in his ears. Slowly, his eyes drift back to the glaring face of the boy before him. “Did I get my facts right?” The boy spits. “Did I pass your little history test?” With considerable effort, Miyuki morphs his face into a grin, keeping his expression patronizing. It is proving to be a task, given the information he had just procured. “With flying colors,” he says with a flourish of a hand.  ----------------  “I thought bloodbending only worked during a full moon?” Haruichi asks him nervously, careful to keep his voice quiet. The two benders stop outside the door to their shared room, listening. Beyond the door is pure silence, punctuated only by the occasional snore. They must all be sleeping. Miyuki lifts a hand, studying the lines of his palm. “It is true that my bloodbending is strongest in the light of the full moon,” he replies. He gives the other a crooked smile. “But that doesn’t mean it doesn’t work anytime else.” He brings his hand to the doorknob, twisting it gently. “The moon is always full. Parts of it are just hidden from sight at times.” The two figures enter the room, slowly so as to not rouse the slumbering benders. Miyuki’s eyes scan over the dozing forms until he finds Takigawa in the corner, rolled onto one side. His dark hair falls over closed eyelids and his lips are parted in restful sleep, hands brought to his chest. He looks almost vulnerable, unguarded like this. Miyuki finds himself staring for slightly longer than necessary. When Haruichi nudges him gently, he pulls himself out of his trance. The bloodbender lifts his hands, concentrating on the pull of the moon. As if by instinct, he senses Takigawa’s blood, flowing lazily through the firebender’s veins. Alright. To sense blood was one thing, but to manipulate it…Miyuki steadies his breaths. Setting his mouth in a line, he claws a hand and folds his wrists inwards in a practiced motion. The fluid does not obey him, stubbornly maintaining its lackadaisical flow as the odd feeling slips easily though his grip. It is somewhat expected, but still extremely unsettling. Clenching his teeth, he tries one more time, only to have his former speculation confirmed before his very eyes. Takigawa doesn’t move an inch. Miyuki feels his heartbeat quicken. He drops his hands, spinning sharply to the airbender, whose mouth hangs open in a silent gasp.
 
“Haruichi,” he murmurs. The boy turns to him, alert. Miyuki holds his hands in front of him, watching as Haruichi’s mouth parts in realization of Miyuki’s intentions. “This won’t hurt, I promise. I just need to make sure.” After a hesitant moment, the younger boy nods somewhat apprehensively. Haruichi watches his right arm as it gradually moves of its own accord, lifting in a vague gesture of a wave before coming to rest back at his side. Equal parts awed and terrified, he clutches it to his chest when Miyuki is finished.
 
They look back to the unconscious prince, sleeping soundly and blissfully unaware of their discovery. Miyuki feels a triumphant smirk creep onto his features. 
I knew it.

 




Chapter End Notes
*gasp* friggin FINALLYalso kudos to all of you who guessed Okumura, and SEE Y'ALL NEXT WEEK


heart
Chapter Notes
Hello! Hope y'all had a great week <3 thank you once again for all the positive feedback for this story! Still so overwhelmed tbh THANK YOU (this is actually my favourite chapter so far XD, it's also a bit longer than the rest so that's always a bonus)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“So. Um.” Eijun swallows. He rubs his palms together. “As I was saying.” Quickly, he spares a glance to Miyuki, who has nestled himself quite comfortably out of their way in the shade, back leaning against the hard wood of the toolshed. Ever since Furuya had divulged his firebending ability to the others at breakfast the following day, the bespectacled leader of their small troupe had taken it upon himself to accompany Eijun to every one of his little teaching sessions, claiming to be his ‘guide in case he got lost again’. It was honestly infuriating, having someone follow him around as though he was still a child. It was as if he had never left the palace, and worse still, this person could not be ordered away as he would his servants. The prince had tried convincing the other to leave him alone, but the taller had been adamant, crossing his arms stubbornly and shooting him an infallible smile. That smile remains, unfaltering, on his face as Miyuki arches an eyebrow at him, and Eijun tears his eyes away, focusing on Okumura instead. His student is looking at him somewhat expectantly, breaths heavy as he regains his energy from performing the draining kata sequence. “Keep your lines straight.” He thrusts an arm out, demonstrating. “Or you will not create a clear channel for energy to flow.” His student mimics his movement, steady as he holds the position, arm extended in front of him, legs firmly rooted on the ground. Eijun nods in approval. “Alright,” he says. He takes a step back to give Okumura more room. “Now do the sequence again.” “Why don’t you demonstrate it once, slave driver?” They both turn to the source of the voice. Miyuki does not sound very sympathetic at all, legs crossed and chin resting in a hand. In fact, he sounds rather amused. Eijun frowns, irritated. “Poor boy looks like he might faint.” Eyes widening in alarm, he spins to face the younger boy. Okumura’s face is flushed, and his pants are consistent. “Are you alright?”Guilt settles in his stomach. Given the boy’s immense progress over the past two days, the prince had eagerly thrown his student part of an advanced set of kata for him to perform. With his lack of basic training, the village boy’s body was bound to wear out extremely quickly, unused to the rigor of the unforgiving firebending repertoire. Once again, he had been thoughtless towards his subjects. A conflicted expression flickers across his features. “I apologize.” “I’m fine.” His student insists. He throws Miyuki a narrow glare before getting into the beginning position. Eijun blinks, before moving to intercept. “No no no,” he blusters, grabbing Okumura’s arm. He feels eyes bore into the back of his head. “You know what? Watch me do it once.” Without waiting for a reply, he moves away from the other, readying himself. He takes a breath to calm down, turning his palms up and placing his feet together. Precision of movement. Strength of mind. His eyes snap open, unaware when they had slid shut. Eijun performs the full kata with needlework precision, a lifetime of rigorous training displayed in the fire cleanly bursting from his palms and feet at rhythmic intervals. As he continues, his flames frolic about him, forming blazing arcs and spiraling into the air as he beckons them into an entrancing pas de deux.Kata is much like dancing, Your Highness, Mentor Chris had revealed to him once, words coming back to the prince again just as he unravels a whip of flame. Your fire is your partner. Treat them well, and they will serve you as such. Finishing, he brushes himself off, barely winded, though he feels a slight ache in his muscles as the adrenaline fades. He turns back to Okumura, whose lips have parted while watching. “If you manage to master this set of kata, controlling your flames in battle should not prove as daunting a challenge,” Eijun explains, feeling the need to justify his ambitious choice of kata. The blonde boy nods, lips pressing together wordlessly as he assumes the starting form. Skirting round the other to allow him room, Eijun’s gaze bypasses his student and lands on the third occupant of the practice yard for a few moments longer than social etiquette dictates appropriate.Miyuki has lifted his chin from his hand, and there is the faintest of smiles adorning his lips. The prince blinks, taken aback. It is not one of his usual smirks. Though it is small, it is breathtakingly enthralling, and Eijun feels his heart stutter in his chest. He frowns at the funny feeling, hastily pulling an arm over his chest to stretch. Perhaps he is more out of shape than he initially imagined. ---------   What he is doing is not right, and he knows it. Eijun knows that he is lulling himself into a false sense of security, prolonging their time in this village with the excuse to train Okumura, and forcing his concerns to the back of his mind with the deluded thought that they may somehow resolve themselves.He knows it is wrong, yet he still continues to act ignorant, because numbness is far better than the crushing horror and disgust that threatens to overwhelm him at the very mention of the King. The mere thought of his demented monster of a father is enough to make his stomach churn as he stares, unseeing, into his bowl of porridge, gripping his wooden spoon with such force that his knuckles turn white. He misses Wakana’s look of concern across the breakfast table as she rises from her chair to put her empty bowl away. He grits his teeth, the apathy fading. Truth be told, the prince is grasping at straws, stalling for time, as he has not the faintest clue of how to move on from this point. He had been educated about the prosperous lands of the Fire Nation back in the palace, about the citizens who lived happily under the Fire Lord’s rule. He had been eager to venture out of the palace, to explore the villages and accompany his fellow soldiers in a battle that would restore peace to their land. Eijun worries his lower lip in between his teeth, an obvious display of weakness that would have gotten him reprimanded if he were back in the palace. But what he has witnessed firsthand over the past few days has provided him with a wealth of knowledge more real than anything scrolls and lecturers could have ever taught him, the more dismayed he becomes the more he integrates himself into the community, swimming in the ever-present, palpable antagonism of the monarchy. He seethes at the thought that there may still be much to learn about the suffering of the world under his father’s mandate. Is this why he had never been allowed to leave? 
Our nation has become a wreck, father. What have you done?
 Eijun knows that he no longer seeks the battlefield. But acceptance of this fact only serves to torment him further, as with no goal to work towards, and no desire to return, the prince is now at a complete loss of what to do. He does not realize that he has not touched his food until a bemused voice breaks him out of his reverie. “The porridge is delicious. I hardly believe it deserves the glare you send its way.” Eijun turns his leaden neck to the side, not quite catching what the voice had said. His vision sharpens as they meet a pair of intelligent eyes, the boy spotting his reflection in the clear brown orbs. “…I beg your pardon?” He asks belatedly. Before Miyuki can formulate a response, the innkeeper materializes out of nowhere. “Is the porridge not to your liking?” She frets. “I can whip something else up in a second.” Eh? Eijun blinks, before completely snapping out of his daze. He waves his hands in front of his chest in a hurried denial, spoon still firmly grasped in his left hand. “Oh no, of course not! I was simply lost in thought.” Eijun flushes with embarrassment. He hastily spoons a reasonable helping of porridge into his mouth. It has gone cold.    He is almost finished with his food when Kuramochi bursts into the dining room, a dangerous look on his face. It makes him look even more intimidating than usual, which is a feat in itself. Eijun feels himself recoil slightly in his chair. “Guys,” the green haired man begins. His voice is grave as he jerks a head to the door, muscles in his neck tensing menacingly with the action. “You may want to come out and see this.”    Eijun can hardly believe his eyes. Outside, soldiers from the Fire Nation army roam the streets like an unwanted ant infestation, shoving innocent passersby out of their way and banging rudely on every door. The prince can barely make out the words spat into frightened villagers’ faces the moment they open their doors to the unwelcome visitors. “Where is he?” They growl nastily. When they are met with nothing but confused, terrified eyes, they scoff and move on. They trudge closer to the inn with every passing second. “And so they have arrived.” Eijun turns to his side, where Miyuki stands in the doorway. He surveys the scene in distaste, lips downturned in an irritated scowl, though the elder does not look anywhere near as surprised as Eijun feels. “Albeit quicker than I had expected.” He was expecting soldiers to come? The prince does not comprehend the other’s words. When Miyuki provides no explanation for his comment, his gaze drifts back to the scene. His heart thrums uneasily against his ribcage. Merely a few houses down the street, the soldier closest to them spins on his heel, the gold insignia of the Fire Nation flashing on his sleeve as he does so. He projects his voice to be heard over the already cacophonous commotion. “His Highness Prince Eijun is missing from the palace,” he snarls, eyes raking over every figure in sight. His eyes pass by Eijun, and the boy suppresses a shiver. “If you are harboring him here,” the soldier bellows in warning, “you will be severely punished. It is surmount to treason!” The prince pales as it dawns on him. Father has sent them to find me. Dread seeps into every fiber of his being. Without thinking, he backs away from the door. Before he gets very far, a hand presses firmly onto his back, stopping him. Eijun whirls around to see Furuya and Haruichi, who had just appeared behind him. The pair of them occupy the width of the narrow hallway, effectively blocking Eijun from making a quick escape to their room. The prince shifts uneasily onto the balls of his feet, eyes darting to the open door. “What’s going on?” The pink head asks nervously, taking in the scene. “Fire Nation soldiers,” Furuya murmurs. Miyuki nods, turning to the pair and nudging Kuramochi away from the door. “Let’s head back to our room for now,” he says. “We’ll leave the village as soon as we can. Haruichi, be ready to call Tama at a moment’s notice.” His words send a jolt up Eijun’s spine, and his eyes widen. “Are we leaving?” He asks, his voice wavering uncertainly. Miyuki turns to him, raising a questioning eyebrow, and the prince finds himself wringing his wrists behind his back. We cannot leave. He thinks desperately. I need more time. He searches for an excuse to stay. “We…we–”He is cut off by a flash of fire in his peripheral, and words fail him entirely as he jerks at the display. Outside, a man is sprawled on the street, his grocery cart overturned and in flames, goods littering the road. A soldier stands above him, sneering. All around them, villagers are scattered, frightened by the fire. Eijun spots a child scrambling away from a burning head of lettuce, an older girl grabbing her hand and the terrified pair darting between bodies, rushing away from the scene. Eijun feels his heart clench. The soldier peers mockingly down at the man. “I told you to get out of my way,” he spits, saliva flying from his mouth. The man keeps his head lowered, clutching an arm in pain as he struggles to stand. He crumples back to the dusty ground, and the soldier laughs nastily. “He can’t do that,” Eijun breathes. He spots another soldier shooting a stray fireball into the streets, scaring away more villagers. He grips the hem of his tunic to stop his hands from shaking, anger bubbling in his chest. “They can’t do that.” The prince squares his shoulders and makes to stalk outside to the streets, but before he can do so, a cool hand circles his wrist. He tries to jerk his arm free, but the hold is unrelenting. Annoyed, he attempts a martial art maneuver, but the other is expecting it and easily traps his arm behind his back. Eijun narrows his eyes, injecting authority into his voice. “Let go of me this instant.” Miyuki steps into his line of vision, Eijun’s wrist still firmly in his grasp, and the prince has no choice but to meet the even gaze of the taller boy. His fine features are stern and his mouth is set in a hard line. “Sorry,” the other does not sound the least bit sorry. Eijun grits his teeth. “But no can do.” Eijun feels his temper flare, fueled by desperation. Again he tries to wrench his wrist free, though his efforts remain futile. “Do you not see what is happening?” he asks him. He glances over Miyuki’s shoulder just in time to see another wild shot of fire tear through the street. He gasps sharply, pointing with his free hand. “Look!” He raises his voice to a frantic yelp. It is horribly out of character for him, though at the moment, the thought is the furthest it could possibly be from the prince’s mind. “At this rate, they will destroy the village!” “All the more reason for us to leave. We have already stayed here for too long.” Eijun’s eyes widen. No. “They will destroy the village,” Eijun repeats. “The villagers…” his voice is loud, quickly becoming ragged, pleading. “I cannot simply stand by and let that happen.” Miyuki regards him for a moment. He then steps closer, lowering his mouth to Eijun’s ear. “And then what?” He murmurs in a low, dangerous voice. Eijun feels his heart stop, before restarting at an alarming pace. “You are a bender of age. Do you want the soldiers to take you away with them?” He is right. Of course he is. But Eijun has always been recklessly stubborn. Follow your heart, Furuya had said. Do what is best for your nation. The prince sets his jaw. “We must not abandon the village.” His eyes blaze behind his brown lenses. “The villagers cannot defend themselves.” He takes a shallow breath, and raises his head, meeting Miyuki’s dark, scowling eyes with his own unfaltering gaze. “Please.” There must be something that shines through in the way he looks at the other, because Miyuki falls silent, lips pursing unhappily. He stays that way for too long. Anxiety growing by the second, Eijun is about to conjure flames up his arm, if only to remove the grip from his wrist, when he is abruptly let go.  “Fine.” Miyuki’s face is still set in a grimace. He does not look at EIjun, muscles in his neck tense and speaking through his teeth. The conflict is clear on his face, though he does well to keep his voice steely calm. “Hurry and go before I change my mind.” Ears ringing, Eijun barely makes out a distressed ‘What the hell are you doing, Miyuki,’ from one of the others before he bursts into motion, sprinting out of the inn and into the chaos of the streets. He heads straight for the struggling man on the road, hauling him up and shielding him protectively as he glares at the soldier from his father’s army. “Stop this!” He shouts, turning to address the other armour clad figures roaming the streets as well. “Leave the defenseless alone. You soldiers have no right to abuse your power this way!” The burly soldier nearest him crows nastily. “What do you know, little boy,” he sneers. Eijun draws himself to his full height. “The one you seek is not here,” he lies blatantly through his teeth. “So please leave this village.” The soldier scoffs, lumbering straight into Eijun’s personal space. “I think we’ll be the ones to decide that,” he spits, drops of saliva splattering onto the prince’s face, and the boy grimaces in disgust. He shoves a fist into Eijun’s chest, pushing the shorter boy roughly backwards. “Now get out of my sight, kid.” When Eijun does not immediately run away as the other villagers had done, the soldier crows nastily. “Well then,” he says, beady eyes narrowing. He cracks his knuckles in what Eijun assumes is meant to be a menacing gesture, but to him it just looks awfully uncomfortable. “Looks like I’ll have to deal with you the hard way.” He raises his hands in front of his chest to an incredibly unpolished firebending position, going through the standard motions for producing a simple fireball. Eijun watches him do so, pressing his lips together as he registers the familiar rise in temperature. His arms tense by his sides, ready to dissipate any blast that the other may produce. He is so focused on the soldier that he fails to notice the figure pushing itself through the anxious crowd. “Stand back!” The person cries. A blur of maroon and yellow darts in front of the prince, an impressive wall of fire flaring up from his outstretched palms, combating the soldier’s own. The crowd around them backs away in fear, more soldiers surging forward through the retreating bodies, drawn to the spectacle. Eijun stares at the broad back of his defender for a gaping second as the flames die down, and his eyes widen. “Okumura?” he hisses in bewilderment, careful to keep his voice out of range of the uniform clad military men, who now eye the younger boy suspiciously. Okumura turns his chin to acknowledge Eijun over his shoulder, though his piercing green gaze remains locked on the soldiers, darting between the rapidly increasing men. He bends his knees and raises his hands in front of him, ready to block any incoming attacks. Had the prince not been utterly taken aback by the other’s sudden appearance, he would have complimented the bender’s form. Eijun has to strain his ears to hear Okumura’s muttered words. “It’s the end for you if you reveal your bending here.” “Hands down!” One of the soldiers shouts. Eijun jerks his head to the sound. Okumura ignores the command. “Their attention is on me now,” the blonde villager says lowly, face betraying no emotion. “Leave them to me and escape with your friends.” He turns his head away, scanning the open street. “I owe you at least this much.” He does not say it, but the reality of their situation is clear.
This is goodbye.
 Time slows, and Eijun allows his eyes to roam.Never in a million years would the sheltered prince have pictured himself in this situation, standing in the middle of a humid Fire Nation village, soldiers surrounding him, ready to attack, a man lying injured at his feet. And even a student under his wing, no less of a pupil than a teacher himself, a newfound companion whose future lay uncertain all because of a King’s greed. Eijun’s eyes turn sad behind Okumura’s back. “Thank you,” he whispers, but the words sound flimsy to his ears. Much too simple, far too light to bear the overwhelming weight of gratitude and respect he harbors for the younger boy. He struggles to pinpoint words to properly express himself. “Practice the kata I taught you,” he finds himself ending quietly. Rather strange parting words, though he prays that the other understands him. “Practice until your limbs fall off.” 
Practice, and you may survive. You can return home.
 Okumura does not reply, but when he turns his head, Eijun can just make out the tiniest lilt at the corner of his lip.  ------------     Mind still catching up to the blur of events that had transpired in the past hour or so, Eijun ultimately concludes it a miracle that their party of six had all managed to escape the village safely. After running past countless fields, out to the dry expanse of red earth and onto the sky bison’s waiting back, does he finally stop to breathe. With a resonating grunt, the bison launches itself into the air, rapidly picking up speed as they race away from the village. Eijun grips onto the lip of the saddle, wind whipping through his hair as he strains his neck to spot the fading view of the oasis. He feels the beginnings of hot tears pricking at his eyes, and a gaping hollow in his chest, eaten clean by guilt. It is a foreign feeling, and extremely unpleasant. He scrunches his eyes shut in an attempt to compose himself, though the hollow feeling remains. This is all my fault. Relinquishing his grip, he turns back around, sitting rather forlornly back into his seat. The others are organizing their things, belongings messy from having been haphazardly thrown into the carriage in their haste to leave. Eijun simply watches them do so, numb and unmoving. When everything is finally put into some semblance of order, Eijun sucks in a breath. “Where… where are we going?” He asks, voice coming out small. The prince no longer seeks the battlefield, yet Eijun will not return to the palace. He will not return to the place that trapped him and fed him lies for years, his glamorous prison that rendered him completely blind to the suffering of his people. No, he refuses to return there. The problem is that he is not sure of what he seeks at all. And at this juncture, he is not sure if he even wishes to find out. When he receives no answer, he purses his lips, ready to raise his voice a little. Though right before the words threaten to leave his mouth a second, he pauses. After a long while spent in silent contemplation, Eijun comes to a decision.“Who are you people?” He asks instead. It is the one thing he had been scared to ask before. Strangers atop a creature of the Air Nation, donned in Fire Nation garb. A mismatched group, comprised of effortless elegance and rigid lines, faded skin and pale eyes. He had overlooked these nuances in favor of his own interests before, though they become especially pronounced the more time he spends in their company, the more time he spends doubting himself and his own intentions. He smiles bitterly. Just as his mentor Chris had taught him, it is always easier to shift one’s focus to others in times of internal struggle. Eijun gathers his courage. He knows that he is in no position to accuse others of anything, yet he still does so. He raises his voice, forcing what pride he has left into his shaky tone. “I know that you are not a search party sent by the palace for the prince.” This time, his words evoke a reaction in the others, heads snapping to him, varying expressions of surprise on each face. Underneath his unease, Eijun feels rather gratified that he is able to do so. Miyuki is first to recover. “Oh?” He asks, an elegant eyebrow lifting. He shifts, leaning forward and tilting his head in an inviting gesture. “And how would you know that?” Eijun realizes that he cannot answer without revealing himself. He remains quiet. “Why don’t I tell you,” the older boy offers, corner of his mouth lifting in a smirk. Darting his eyes about in a hasty scan, the others look about as apprehensive as Eijun feels, a fact that he finds himself clinging to a little bit more violently than necessary. Miyuki continues, unfazed. “You know this because, unlike those hastily dispatched soldiers, a special search party from the palace would have been given a portrait of the prince to reference.” He pauses to gauge Eijun’s reaction to his words. The younger boy is frozen where he sits, eyes watching him carefully, wary and guarded. Miyuki meets his gaze full on, brown eyes glinting. “As such, they would recognize him at first glance, even if his eyes were a different color, no?” There ensues a pause wherein all the occupants of the carriage digest this information, and Eijun watches as muted realization dawns on the faces of his fellow travellers. He feels his body tense up, warning bells ringing in his head. “Ah, and there is one more thing that I forgot to mention.” Miyuki shakes his head as if to chide himself. His smirk morphs into a full grin, and his next words make Eijun’s blood run cold. Miyuki inclines his head in the tiniest of bows, crooked grin never leaving his face. “I’m a bloodbender, your highness.”



Chapter End Notes
And it starts!


trust
Chapter Notes
OKAY FIRSTLY A PIECE OF GRAND NEWS: xShieru has drawn some amazing character fanart for this fic, everyone go check out her character sketches at http://yaboybokuto.tumblr.com/post/157960259983/so-like-crown-medallion-is-the-only-reason-why-i !!! THANK YOU SO MUCH it makes me so happy to see my work coming to life in such a wonderful way <33ok now that that's been said, please read through the whole chapter note this is actually quite impt: Thank you once again for all the amazing feedback on the last chapter! Haha everyone was so shook at Okumura, y'all right he is a friggin bamf XD Also I just want to let you guys know that I read your comments as soon as you post them, but I'm really busy so I'm sorry if I don't reply to them immediately! I will always reply every comment though so THANK YOU AGAIN it makes me so happy to see that so many people are as invested in this as much as I am <333Also I have an announcement: I'll be in the States next week and won't have my laptop with me, so unfortunately I won't be able to upload a chapter then! I'm sorry guys D: So the next update will be the week after next, on the 21st of March :') I'll see you guys then! Have a great 2 weeks <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Miyuki had been waiting for this moment, and the prince’s reaction does not disappoint. He watches as the younger boy’s carefully constructed exterior shatters in a millisecond, face completely draining of color and hands moving up to his chest in an instinctive, protective motion. Panic is the first emotion that flashes across the prince’s face, Miyuki over the past few days having gotten himself reasonably adept at reading the younger boy. It is quickly followed by suspicion, bewilderment, and hesitant doubt, before finally settling on heavily suppressed fear. He believes Miyuki, and with the reasoning presented to him, he has every reason to. He knows it, and Miyuki knows it, and with the way his face closes off, guarded, he knows that Miyuki knows. Armed with this knowledge, Miyuki simply waits. No one in the carriage dares to move a muscle, all benders present waiting with bated breath. Tama flies a good few miles in tense silence, Haruichi even taming the winds to ensure that every word be heard from his perch at the reins.  The prince does not immediately respond to the accusation. Instead, he tries for a mild scoff, but with his face still deathly pale, it looks more like a grimace. If circumstances had been different, the attempt at bravado may have been almost endearing. “What is a bloodbender of the Water Nation doing in our land whilst we are at war?” He retaliates. It is a clever method of redirecting the topic. Unfortunately for him, Miyuki is a master at wordplay, and he is not to be outdone. He cocks his head, arms crossing. “What is the prince of the Fire Nation doing outside of the palace?” He counters smoothly. His Highness glowers, though the boy does well to temper it down, aware of the strategic advantage the others have in the air against a single firebender. Miyuki expects nothing less from the trained prince. Slowly, he lowers his hands into his lap, though he never fully relaxes, posture ready to spring into action at a moment’s notice. Through his nose, he lets out a long, resigned sigh. “I believe I told you, when we first met,” he mutters, eyes staring resolutely straight ahead, stubbornly not meeting the curious gazes of the others. His voice is strained with unease, tinged with regret. “I wished to participate in the war, to be of use to my nation, rather than stay put and rot away in the palace.” “That’s why you came with us to the battlefield so easily,” Wakana realizes quietly. He nods wordlessly. “It was my plan to have you take me there,” he confesses quietly, eyes changing, anger fading and turning sad. “Though after learning the truth, after bearing witness to the state of my land and people… I…” He licks his lips, forcing his next words out. They are barely above a whisper. “I no longer know.” He falls silent, looking crestfallen, with his head lowered and his eyes closed. And without rhyme or reason, Miyuki feels his heart ache for the younger boy. The young boy who carries an impossibly vast nation upon his shoulders, who was born into an unforgiving title of discipline and tradition, a boy who only knew manners and text scrolls and his ridiculously polished kata.But, Miyuki realizes with a slow trickle of thought, also the brave boy who went against his father for the sake of peace, the boy who stood outraged at the mistreatment of his people, the bender who earnestly and tirelessly trained a disciple to fight in hopes that he may one day reunite with his family. A ruler with a good heart.  Miyuki comes to a decision. He hopes that it is the right one.“My name is Miyuki Kazuya.” “Miyuki,” Kuramochi hisses in alarm, though the leader registers a gentle hand being placed on the earthbender’s arm. Wakana shakes her head softly at the green haired bender, and Miyuki meets her trusting eyes. Though hesitant, she smiles encouragingly, reassuring her fellow tribe native. Furuya simply watches the exchange with clear, neutral eyes. The prince looks at him, eyes glistening with the faintest trace of tears. Miyuki continues. “My name is Miyuki Kazuya, and I am a general of the Water Tribe. I was assigned to lead a task force comprised of benders from the Allied Nations to come here.” The other has heard of the Allied Nations. It shows in the way his muddy eyes widen, darting to the four others who sit silently, listening to their leader speak with varying degrees of apprehension. When his eyes drift back to him, Miyuki meets them in an unbreaking gaze. “Our leaders believe that we can use you as leverage to end this war. That the Fire Lord would surrender if he knew that you were in danger of being killed.” The younger boy absorbs this information with a dark look on his face. He clenches his fists on his lap, biting a lip. “Why are you telling me this?” He finally asks. He looks away. “I...” His voice turns bitter, . “I am your enemy.” Miyuki snorts quietly. “I have decided to trust you because you’ve proved yourself a good person,” he says, shaking his head in mild exasperation. Old-fashioned indeed. “And the fact that we hail from different nations doesn’t dictate which side we fight for.” He looks at the other boy, whose face reflects his internal confusion, undoubtedly trying to grasp the idea that benders of warring nations could be allies. “We are on the side of peace,” he reveals, gesturing to his team.He then swiftly brings his hand to point at the Fire Native. “How about you?” -- The prince studies them in awe, lips parted. Then very, very slowly, he lowers his head into his hands. For a moment, Miyuki suspects that he may be crying, overwhelmed by the onslaught of information inundated upon him. He drops his arm.However, after a few seconds, the prince brings his hands away from his face, head still bowed. In each of his palms lies a small, dark disc. Miyuki frowns, only realizing what they are the moment the prince lifts his head to face them once again. It would honestly not be a far-fetched lie to say that Miyuki’s heart leapt straight into his throat. The waterbender had heard tales of the famous golden eyes of the Fire Nation royals, back before the war, when he was but a child and the world was still at peace. Tales of the Fire Nation’s prized medallion and all that it encompassed, tales of striking beauty and extravagance and immeasurable power. He had remembered hearing these tales, and wishing to catch even the slightest glimpse of the brilliant color, gold a rarity in the icy Water Nation. He had known of the eyes for years, yet the real thing still manages to leave him speechless.It is difficult to hear anything past the roar of blood in his ears, but Miyuki somehow manages. “My name is Sawamura Eijun, crown prince of the Fire Nation,” the boy says, golden eyes blazing and brilliant. He looks straight at Miyuki, and the bloodbender sees swirls of flame dancing in his irises. “And I join you on the side of peace.”  ---------  It is a far smoother acceptance on both sides than Miyuki had imagined, perhaps driven in part by the amount of quiet scrutiny the prince had been subjected to by his fellow travellers for days. In time, the benders may have unknowingly softened up to the honest prince, drawn to the rare purity of such an incorrupt individual. In the silence that ensues, Miyuki feels the palpable tension begin to thaw. The wind picks up, a slight breeze just enough to lightly caress their cheeks. “You had glass in your eyes?” Kuramochi leans away, nose scrunching up as the boy nods, moving to keep the shards in the folds of his tunic. “Dude.” Prince Eijun pauses his motion, eyes flickering up cautiously. “Dude?” He frowns hesitantly, uncertainty evident in his careful gaze. “…What is dude?” “Earth Nation jargon,” Furuya says in a decidedly unimpressed fashion. Technically, it is not exclusively Earth Kingdom jargon, though Miyuki does not bother to correct the scrupulous Air Nomad. “Ignore him.” “Oh,” the prince’s eyes widen with newfound interest at the earthbender, gold catching the light of the sun as he does so. It is horridly distracting. “Well, the lenses were not fun for me either, believe me.” “Did you develop them by yourself, Your Highness?” Wakana asks, her tone instantaneously polite. Noticing this, the prince’s mouth turns down in a small frown. “There is currently no known way to change the color of one’s eyes, though you had been successful for days.” “I did, though it was a long and arduous process,” he says at length, shifting in his seat. “Trial and error, if you will. It was unpleasant, but rewarding. It provided me with a means to communicate with the people, to blend in with them, to see through their eyes,” he hesitates, sighing. “Though not nearly enough, it seems.” “And also…” he clasps his hands together somewhat nervously. “Please do not address me as such.” The prince scrunches his nose up in thought. “I wish to be your companion, so… please just call me by my name.” “Your name?” Wakana is clearly taken aback, the blatant disregard to properly address a monarch unthinkable to someone who had lived in the Fire Nation for even so short a time. Even Miyuki himself is aware of the heavy emphasis on formality in the Fire Nation, so for the prince to suggest this… well. It is certainly a big step on his part. The waterbender finds himself impressed by the sincerity of the younger. Though he was raised to be perfectly traditional, he is an explicably interesting character. “Well then, Sawamura,” he calls. Several pairs of astonished eyes turn to him at once, though Miyuki fastens his gaze to the hypnotic gold. He raises his eyebrows. “As we’re all equals now, don’t expect to be treated any different.” Sawamura visibly lights up, brave exterior thinning to reveal a nervous, shy smile. Miyuki is left to wonder how it is impossibly small, yet somehow still manages to be so, so dazzling.  ---------------    “Miyuki.” And here it comes. Smiling wryly, Miyuki braces himself for the earful he is about to receive from his unofficial second-in-command. He turns to the muscled boy, shooting the disgruntled earthbender a grin. “Yes?” He asks airily. “Don’t yes me,” Kuramochi grumbles, folding his arms. He lowers his voice, shooting a surreptitious glance in Sawamura’s direction. “We’d been at the village for over a week,” he hisses accusingly. “How long had you known?” Miyuki shrugs, absently rubbing at his chin with long fingers. “I don’t know,” he replies carelessly. “A few days, maybe?” A vein throbs in the other’s temple, just by his olive green hairline. He looks at Miyuki incredulously. “If you’d known for a few days,” he says slowly, as if Miyuki was a child, “we had no more reason to be there! Why didn’t we leave as soon as you had confirmed his identity?” Miyuki takes his time looking over the Earth Native’s shoulder to where the prince sits, admiring the sky. He thinks back to training sessions, to hours of patient instruction and beautiful, controlled movements, to fingertips bursting into flame, orchestrating unruly tongues of fire to form a powerful symphony. He recalls the way Sawamura’s eyes would darken with distress or light up with pride, meticulously explaining the mechanics of bending techniques with grand gestures and earnest demonstrations. And beyond that, Miyuki thinks to strolling on dusty roads, to the simplest interactions with random villagers, to exploring streets and the genuine appreciation of even the smallest of things reflected in once-brown eyes, small joys like feeding cattle and watching sunsets and eating hot food from granite bowls. He turns back to the earthbender, grin reappearing. “Who knows?” He says brightly. Kuramochi squints at him, annoyed. “Miyuki,” he deadpans. “I’d trust you with my life, but sometimes I don’t know what goes on in that brain of yours.” With that, the other turns away to return to his spot next to Wakana. Miyuki cracks a crooked smile at the pair. --------------   “It would do you well to go to sleep, you know,” Miyuki says, amused. Sawamura turns to him, gaze muted. His eyes almost glow, bright golden stars against the backdrop of the night sky. “The journey is far.” “Where are we going?” Sawamura asks him. “Back to the Southern Air Temple,” Miyuki replies, the other’s mouth dropping open at his words. “The headquarters of the Alliance.” The Fire Native’s eyes wander to the others, eyes resting on each person for a drawn moment. “The Alliance,” he breathes in awe, before finally turning his gaze back to Miyuki. “You bloodbended the horse that first time we met, didn’t you?” Miyuki thinks back to that time, the first time he had attempted to bend the blood of the prince. To him it feels like ages ago, yet the stomach-churning sensation of losing grip, having it run through his fingers, is still fresh in his mind. “I did.” He says, voice betraying his resentment. “I had assumed it was fatigue at the time, but I could not bend your blood.” Sawamura hums quietly, looking around once more. He fidgets with the sleeve of his tunic. “And who are the rest of you?” Miyuki looks to the others, past the benders of the other nations before his eyes rest on Wakana, gently dozing, head resting on the broad shoulder of the strong earthbender next to her. He purses his lips.“I should let them tell you themselves,” he says at length. “As and when they choose to.” “Oh,” Sawamura seems the tiniest bit put out, though he tries his best to hide it. “Of course.” Miyuki nudges his knee gently with his own, a strange gesture for him. “Hey, we technically aren’t supposed to be telling you anything,” he chides. At the back of his mind, a voice asks him why he cares so much. “The plan was to simply retrieve you and return. The Council decides what happens thereafter.” The younger boy frowns at the reminder, eyes darkening to a bright amber. “Your Council will not… kill me, will they?” He furrows his eyebrows in worry, eyes flashing in doubt. “They will not,” Miyuki says firmly, confidently, though he does not have the authority to confirm such a bold claim. “And if they threaten to harm you, we will be there to ensure that that does not happen.” “Why would you do that?” Sawamura asks in astonishment, taken aback. “Would that not be defying your superiors?” “Oh?” Miyuki smirks faintly, amused. “Look who’s talking.” The other boy flushes in the dark, looking away. “But why would you do something like that for me? I am…” He struggles to find the right words, though Miyuki settles for something along the lines of related to the Fire Lord. Miyuki raises an eyebrow. “Your heritage doesn’t define you, in the same way that your Nation does not predetermine your allegiance,” he tells him. Sawamura looks at him, eyes wide and unblinking, mouth agape. Miyuki huffs out a laugh at the bewildered look. “We’d help you because your actions speak louder than your eyes, idiot,” he says with a little too much familiarity. Somehow, it does not feel misplaced. “Now, any more stupid questions?” The prince blinks, obviously not used to being called an idiot. He juts his lower lip out in rumination. Though, before he can think of another question, Haruichi’s voice cuts through the air. “There’s a storm approaching, everyone,” he calls out, turning his head to be heard over the accelerating winds. “Be careful.” Miyuki nods in acknowledgement. The benders are skilled enough to pass safely through a storm, though even with that knowledge, Kuramochi still looks faintly sick at the information, face contorted into a scary glower at the sky. Miyuki doubts that the sky feels very intimidated.  As time passes, the storm grows, becoming much more violent than anticipated. Tama the bison struggles to fly straight in the horrible conditions, visibility alarmingly low in the night and belongings beginning to scatter. The benders spring up to help, Wakana having being woken from slumber and Furuya already moving to steady the winds. He cushions the bison with ease, and Sawamura watches with amazement clear on his features, wet hair plastered to his forehead. Kuramochi clings to the edge of the carriage, profanities falling rather loudly from his lips. Miyuki successfully tunes him out. Squinting in the darkness, the waterbender barely makes out the storm clouds above them, using one hand to redirect the rain whilst the other begins to shift the heavy clouds away from directly overhead. Storm clouds are particularly challenging on one’s own, especially with both airbenders occupied in keeping Tama steady. There is a sudden flash of light, and Miyuki curses. Controlling a storm is no problem, but lightning is another story altogether. He urges the clouds to part quicker, leaving Wakana to handle the harsh downpour by herself. Gradually, the water droplets start to obey, though they are not nearly far enough away by the next time the second flash arrives. All at once, the sky is lit up in a brilliant flare of white, and Miyuki grits his teeth. The air burns with electricity, causing the hairs on his arms to stand. And then something inexplicably extraordinary happens. The lightning concentrates itself, blinding light compressing in a millisecond into a single beam of flickering energy, streaking across the sky and drawn straight into the extended fingertips of the now standing prince. Miyuki watches, eyes wide behind his wet spectacles. Sawamura glows with power, arm moving fluidly across his body before effectively redirecting the lightning in the other direction. The white light crackles dangerously as it leaves his body, hurtling at a breakneck speed into the distance. Sunspots still dancing in his eyes, Miyuki barely makes out the silhouette of the firebender spinning around and giving the speechless benders a thumbs up. The storm still rages on around them, yet the air becomes comfortably serene, the benders working on their respective tasks with a newfound gusto.   -------------------   Miyuki wakes up slowly, eyes registering the peachy pink of the sunrise. Blinking, he sits up, rubbing at an eye and noticing the rousing forms of the others, groggily grunting and shaking off their exhaustion. Sawamura gasps first. “The sky!” He whispers, voice still rough from just having woken up. Brown hair sticking up every which way, the boy looks around wildly to see if anyone else is as awed as him. Furuya hums, the only one already awake. He turns to them from the reins and gestures to the sky. “This is the color of the sunrise in our nation,” he introduces somewhat smugly, though with his bland expression, Miyuki cannot be sure. “It is beautiful indeed.” “How far away are we?” Wakana asks, yawning. “Not far. Less than a day,” comes the reply. Haruichi beams, face flushing with joy. He leans over the edge of the carriage rather precariously, petting the flying bison with a gentle hand. “Well done Tama,” the young airbender murmurs. His hair complements the sky rather nicely, Miyuki notes to himself. “We’re home.”



Chapter End Notes
DREAM TEAM ASSEMBLE RAWR


white
Chapter Notes
Hello everyone! Thank you so much for all the well wishes for my trip, I had a lovely time and am happy to report that I made it back safe and sound! ^_^ I MISSED Y'ALL <3 hope you've been well these 2 weeks!More fanart has been made for this fic in these two weeks that are absolutely INCREDIBLE so let me just bring your attention to them here:1. http://yaboybokuto.tumblr.com/post/158243358828/ill-stop-drawing-fanart-for-crown-medallion by xShieru2. https://www.tumblr.com/blog/yosaki361 by Misaki Younna!GUYS y'all are crazy talented what even I legit had chills omgomgomg thank you so much!!And finally, as promised, here's another chapter! It's slightly longer than the others again to say thank you for waiting~ Hope y'all like it! (I think you will eheheh) Once again, thank you guys so so much for all your support :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The Southern Air Temple is magnificently breathtaking. Spiraling pillars of sparkling marble greet them as the clouds begin to part, layer upon layer of pristinely cut tapestries fluttering gracefully in the wind. Yards of cleanly trimmed grass stretch round a meticulously designed courtyard, impossibly green blades growing healthily in the familiar spirals of the Air Nation’s prized symbol. The whole temple embodies such a serene extravagance, a subtle beauty that speaks volumes in its tasteful yet non-overpowering architecture. As Eijun stares, the more he thinks that it is worlds away from the kind of intensity the Fire Nation prides itself on, bent on draping themselves with glamour and wealth and stacking their gold on display for the whole world to see. It is rather revolting in retrospect. As they land neatly in the center of the courtyard, the sound of wind chimes fill the air, the melodious tinkling of polished porcelain suspended from thin threads. Eijun had been given a wind chime, once, when he was very small. He had enjoyed seeing it sway in the invisible wind, clinking together, making clear, sweet sounds. Hearing the chorus of dozens of wind chimes now, he wishes he could return to easier, simpler times. He smiles ruefully, though he still looks around in awe, drinking in the sight of the majestic temple and its pristine white columns. Never in a thousand years would he have imagined stepping foot onto the sacred temples of the Air Nomads. From within the corridors of the temple, white-robed figures scurry out in swift streams, feet almost gliding across the polished floors in graceful steps. Faces of surprise and confusion become clear as the Air Natives draw closer, steps becoming hesitant, wind dying down and the music of the chimes fading. The buzz of hushed whispers reach Eijun’s ears, though he cannot discern a single conversation. The benders are given a wide berth as they slide off the side of the sky bison, the red of their tunics horribly out of place, stark against the pure white of the Air Temple. The Natives still watch them with wide eyes, taking notice of the Fire Nation garb, though they clearly recognize the two of the group who hail from their own land. Some of those standing closest bow to them respectfully, and the group are hasty to bow back. “Haruichi!” Someone is moving through the loosely assembled crowd, bodies hurriedly parting for the voice as a figure makes his way towards them. The young man who emerges is short in stature, though he emanates an intimidating aura not unlike those of the Fire Nation generals that Eijun had become acquainted with. His hair is light pink, and his robes catch the light of the rising sun rather prettily as they billow about him in his brisk movements. Haruichi gasps, quickly moving forward. “Aniki!” he calls, his smile present in his tone. Eijun’s eyes widen. He has a brother, the prince thinks numbly, watching as the two brothers reunite with a quick embrace, the older quickly petting Haruichi’s head in an affectionate gesture before sliding seamlessly back to his professional persona. He has family here. It was a silly thought. Of course he would have family here. It was such a natural happening that Eijun had not once stopped to give it any consideration. The prince lets his gaze flit to his fellow travellers witnessing the scene. Whilst journeying alongside these people in his own nation, he had not once stopped to think that all of these benders must have had families and lives that they left behind for the sake of capturing him. Transcending the border to capture me, he thinks. These people were ready to sacrifice their lives for the sake of peace. I had always thought of doing the same… Yet had I really understood the gravity of the situation? Grief settles like a stone in the pit of his stomach. Eijun had fretted for his own nation, yet he had failed to realize that conditions were the same for everyone, everywhere. His eyes settle on Miyuki’s strong profile, and the meaning of the waterbender’s words start to take shape in his head. 
We are on the side of peace.
 Peace was an affiliation one chose, an affiliation undetermined by neither birth status nor nationality. Eijun was starting to understand it now. Miyuki steps forward, a reassuring hand brushing the back of Eijun’s elbow. “Kominato Ryousuke,” he greets. Kominato smiles amicably, clasping his hands in front of him. “Miyuki Kazuya,” he says, voice smooth yet hard at the same time, polite yet dangerous. His narrow eyes rake over Eijun’s form, lingering on his eyes. The prince feels mildly unsettled. “I see you have completed your quest.” “Indeed we have,” Miyuki agrees, tone just as pleasant, just as steely. He stands by Eijun, subtly protective. “Though admittedly not in the way we had expected.” “Oh?” The Air Nomad’s eyebrows lift. He does not miss the motion. “And what may you mean by that?” Miyuki simply smiles. “I’m sure you will hear all about it at the Council meeting.” There is the smallest of pauses. “You know as well as I do that only the Monks are present at this time,” Kominato hums in reply after a beat, lips pursing, “though I will have it known that you request an immediate audience with the Council.” He raises a hand in the direction of the temple in an inviting gesture. “But first come,” he says. “I will take you to see the Monks.” “Of course.” The short general turns to the crowd, who had gone respectfully silent at his appearance. “Disperse,” he says pleasantly enough, though there is a steely firmness in his tone that sends a shiver down the prince’s spine. The robed figures rush to obey, though the firebender notices their lingering stares. As they trail behind the elder Kominato in the direction of the main tower, Eiijun is uncomfortably aware of all the eyes focused on him. It is understandable, as he is the one they had sought in the first place, though the clear fear in their eyes is painfully obvious. The way women would pull their children back protectively as he walked past. The way people skirt around him, not meeting his eyes. Whispers surround him, soft and haunting, yet he cannot make out any of the spoken words. It is clear in their eyes that they recognize him, and of course they would not take well to a Fire Native on their land. They had every right not to trust him. Even now, he is still appalled at Miyuki and his team for accepting him so easily. The aforementioned benders flank him as he walks, and Eijun is vaguely aware of a protective hand on the small of his back, guiding him along as he keeps his eyes lowered. “You okay?” Miyuki murmurs, sound just reaching his ears. He replies with a small, thankful nod.  Kominato Ryousuke talks without looking back, strolling at a steady pace. “I congratulate you all on a successful mission, and for returning safely,” he acknowledges, though perhaps more out of formality than anything, his tone aloof. He then turns his head just slightly, throwing a subtle glance over his shoulder. Eijun spots a glinting pink iris. “And it is a pleasure to finally meet you, Prince Sawamura Eijun.” He turns his head back before Eijun has a chance to react. “I would say that I have heard much about you, but I have not.” Eijun swallows. “No,” he says, reply falling from his lips in a mechanical speech. His voice comes out somewhat nervous. “Please. The pleasure is all mine.” “Oh, is it now?” the response is light, but icy cold. Eijun shifts uncomfortably. “Aniki,” Haruichi speaks up. “Eijun is on our side.” The prince flickers his gaze to the boy, surprised. “He is against the ways of the Fire Lord and seeks to fight with us.” He licks his lips. “Please give him a chance. He has proven himself.” Eijun feels warmth wash through him at his companion’s words. He gives Haruichi a grateful smile. The older Kominato brother stays silent for a dangerously long time. His face is not in view, and Eijun is left to only guess at what disbelieving, suspicious expression the intimidating airbender may wear. The prince is surprised when he huffs out a laugh. Not a good-natured laugh by any means, but still far from a scornful one. A glimmer of hope sparks to life in his chest. “Now I am very much looking forward to the Council meeting.” -------------------   They are led into a vast chamber, a circular room with sunlight streaming through the many tall windows lining the walls. A great slab of marble stretches across one half of the room in a grand, arching table, and at perfect intervals sit monks in heavy white robes, embroidered with impressively detailed silver stitching and flecked with jewels. They sit forward almost expectantly as the group enters, wise eyes regarding them with interest. Kominato lowers himself into a deep bow, before clearing his throat. “The extraction team have returned from their quest,” the young man begins, voice carrying nicely in the grand room. Eijun guesses that airbending must somehow be at work, for sound to travel so well in such a vast space. He resists the urge to crane his neck in search of the benders. “Monk Ochiai, they request an immediate audience with the Council of the Allied Nations.” The Monk seated at the middle of the curving table leans forward to peer at them, stroking his beard. Monk Ochiai, Eijun presumes. “And so it shall be,” he hums slowly. “I will send bison to transport the other Council members here as soon as we are done.” “But before that,” the monk next to him speaks up. He is a frail man, though his eyes glitter with a profound wisdom. “Well done on succeeding with your mission, young benders. You have done the Alliance a great favor, and you will surely be rewarded for your bravery.” The other monks all let out sounds of approval, and Eijun feels horribly out of place as the other benders bow low in gratitude. He settles for dipping his head in a poor attempt at a half-bow. When he straightens, the twinkling eyes of the elder monk bore into his, the prince feeling his soul being stripped bare by the all-knowing gaze, finding himself held still, unable to look away. There is a measured pause, and the air stills. “Your Highness,” the monk finally addresses. Eijun concentrates on steadying his breaths, squaring his shoulders. He keeps his gaze unyielding. “The Council will be assembled in two days at best,” the old man muses, “but I would like to ask you something.” Eijun listens, his heart racing. “Do you know why you are here?” Taking a breath, the prince firstly lowers himself into a deep bow, mindful of his etiquette in the presence of elders. He straightens, folding his hands respectfully in front of him, and begins to speak. He does not allow his voice to waver. “I am here because you seek to end this war,” Eijun says clearly, with more confidence than he possesses. He had always been taught that confidence was key to inducing trust, to gaining support. Though now he does it primarily to relinquish his own doubt. “Because the Alliance seeks peace.” “I was misinformed by my tutors,” he continues, leaving no room for interruption. “For years I was taught that my own nation was the one attacked, the one wrought with suffering while the others prospered from our riches.” He is aware that his tone is turning bitter, the others turning to him with wide eyes and parted mouths. “I was kept in the palace for my own safety, they told me.” He looks to the monks imploringly, pleading for them to listen with his bright eyes. “When I met this group of benders, they opened my eyes to the real circumstances of the world outside, the world beyond my lifeless scrolls.” Pausing, he turns to observe the surprised faces of his companions. Miyuki, the faintest of smiles playing at his lips, gives him an encouraging nod. Determined, Eijun looks back to the monks. “I will fight against my father,” he says decidedly. He holds a hand to his heart in a pledge. “I will fight with the Alliance, on the side of peace, if you will let me.” The monks look stunned, clearly not expecting the onslaught of words thrust upon them. They exchange glances, quite apparently put upon. “I know that you may suspect this a ploy,” Eijun adds quickly, having been taught of such battle tactics in the past, “but I assure you that my intentions are completely genuine.” He lowers himself into a bow yet again. “Please.” He does not rise until spoken to, which is not a very short time at all. In his peripheral, he registers the others bowing as well, a perfect line of straight backs in a silent gesture that spoke volumes. “There is sincerity in your words.” The group straightens in unison, and Eijun’s eyes find the monk who had just spoken. Monk Ochiai, seated dead center. He folds his hands on top of the table “And I am inclined to believe that you speak the truth.” Though his words are promising, his lips purse unhappily, and Eijun waits with bated breath. “Though,” the monk thinks out loud, “we as only a third of the Alliance do not have a final say in this matter.” He gestures vaguely with a hand, and a slight breeze swirls lazily through the room. “We will need to wait for the assembled Council before making any decisions.” Eijun nods. “Of course,” he says, head bowed respectfully. Relief washes over him in waves. “Your etiquette is impeccable, young one,” Monk Ochiai notes, chin resting on the back of his other hand, elbow propped up onto the table. “Though it is to be expected.” “Thank you very much, Monk Ochiai.” Monk Ochiai nods in muted approval. “Arrangements for the travel of Council members shall be made shortly,” he announces at large, before returning his gaze to meet the prince’s gold eyes. “And whilst we anticipate their arrival,” he tells the young bender, head tilting behind interlocked fingers, “it would be best for you, Prince Eijun, to be re-educated on the correct history of our world.” ---------------------------   The room they show Eijun to is sparsely furnished, with only a bed occupying the small space and a tiny attached washroom to the side. It is a modest abode, and brilliantly lit by the light pouring from a large window, translucent curtains draped across it for privacy.Once the door closes behind him, the prince falls back, collapsing onto the soft bed and creasing the impeccably unblemished linen. The ceiling stares back at him, the expanse of white surrounding him becoming almost unsettling by this point. He finds himself thinking of the rich reds and yellows of the Fire Nation, the deep brown of the soil, the healthy tan of the skins. For the first time in a very long time, the prince allows himself to emit a long, weary sigh. There comes a knock at his door, and Eijun sits bolt upright on his bed, bedspread creasing further from his shift of weight. He quickly folds his limbs into a presentable position. “You may come in,” he calls. The door opens, and Miyuki Kazuya enters the room. At once, Eijun notices that the taller boy is no longer dressed in the same burgundy that he himself dons. Instead, the other is cloaked in shades of blue, thick, hardy material lined with white and browning animal fur. The emblem of the Water Tribe shines on a badge at his chest, shining silver swirling proudly across the deep cerulean. The Air Temple must have kept the benders’ clothing for them when they had left. Seeing him, Eijun’s eyes widen, and he stands. “Miyuki,” he blurts without much thought. The waterbender smirks, crossing his arms. “Sawamura,” he returns the greeting. He certainly looks the part of a general in his uniform, fur complementing the brown of his eyes nicely. “How are you holding up?” The prince contemplates this. “Rather well, surprisingly,” Eijun speaks truthfully. He gives the other a grateful smile, eyes becoming crescents. “Though it is thanks to all of you.” Miyuki waves a dismissive hand in the air. “Nah,” he says. He brushes past Eijun to lean against the far wall, and the shorter notices his smirk leaning to become more of a smile. “I told you that we’re comrades now, didn’t I?” He raises an eyebrow as if the statement was clear as day. “I wasn’t about to go back on my word.” Eijun hesitates. “But still.” The Fire Native feels that a simple word of thanks could not possibly encompass the immense gratitude he holds for his newfound comrades, though it does not stop him from trying. “Thank you for trusting me.” Miyuki hums, holding up a finger. He cracks a crooked grin. “Save that thanks for when we win this war, why don’t you.” The prince lets out a laugh, the air turning comfortable, ease seeping itself into the tense situation that they had been thrown into upon setting foot into Air Nation territory. “I will bear that in mind,” he promises. The waterbender nods, satisfied. “Now.” His grin morphs itself back into a smirk in a heartbeat. “Shall we commence?” Eijun furrows his eyebrows, confused. “Commence what, exactly?” “Your re-education,” Miyuki says as if it is obvious. In hindsight, it probably is. He points a thumb to his chest. “I volunteered to be your mentor.”  -----------------   “I have been wondering about this for a while now,” the waterbender begins, eyes curious as they look at Eijun. The latter is perched comfortably at the edge of his bed, knees drawn up to his chin. “But from my gatherings of what you have been taught of the war and of the four nations, I assume that you are unaware of the existence of the Avatar.” He pauses, a flicker of something too quick to decipher in his eyes. “Or lack thereof.” The word is foreign to Eijun, though he detects a reverence in the way Miyuki utters it, a nuanced undertone of respect that leaves the prince mystified. Surely he would have been educated on something so significant. Yet he still has to ask. He frowns. “What… is an Avatar?” He questions, words leaving his mouth hesitantly. Miyuki studies him silently, face unreadable. Inhaling deeply, he then exhales slowly through his nose, shifting into a more comfortable position. Eijun senses a long explanation forthcoming, and he is right. “The Avatar,” Miyuki begins, “Is a physical embodiment of bending energy itself.” He purses his lips, choosing his next words carefully. “It represented balance, and for centuries, used its power to maintain harmony between the four nations.” Eijun nods slowly, digesting this new information. “Like a sacred relic.” He says. “No, not a relic, Sawamura. A person.” Sawamura looks up in shock. Miyuki’s face is rather resigned – he does not detect a hint of his usual sarcasm in his tone. “A person?” He echoes. The other simply nods. “A bender, to be specific,” he continues. “The Avatar was a bender of any one of the Four Nations at a time, reincarnated into the next Nation upon death.” He turns his head to the window, the late morning light reflecting off his spectacle lenses. “And also the only bender alive with the ability to bend all four elements.” The prince’s mouth drops open in pure disbelief. “That’s impossible,” he argues, mind reeling. Miyuki shoots him an unimpressed look. “This is history, idiot,” he chastises, leaning over to bump a fist to the side of Eijun’s head. The boy blinks, rubbing his temple. “Impossible or not, it’s the truth.” Wide eyed, Eijun’s heart races with bewilderment. He felt like he was learning about the world for the first time, a small insignificance in the grand workings of the universe. “But why…” his starts, voice trailing off uncertainly. Why would this incredible knowledge be kept from me? His chest twinges with doubt.
What else is being kept from me?
 “Perhaps because of your heritage,” Miyuki replies, observing his expression. The waterbender pauses. “It’s really not surprising, all things considered.” Eijun is lost, emotions jumbling up further. “What relation may my heritage have with the existence of the Avatar?”                         “Well, not your heritage per se,” the other relents, meeting the prince’s gold eyes. Miyuki’s clear brown irises are disconcerting as he runs a hand through his hair. “But it has a lot to do with your Father, Fire Lord Asano.” Numb, the prince responds a beat too late. “My Father?” He fails to comprehend. He bites his lower lip absently. Miyuki hums. He notes Eijun’s confused expression and lets out a long sigh. “What you must first know,” he says, “is that the Avatar possessed the unique ability to tap into the memories and power of all its previous lives. This was triggered by a phenomenon known as the Avatar State.” “The Avatar State,” Eijun repeats quietly. Miyuki nods. “The Avatar was, understandably, incredibly powerful whilst in this state. Believably invincible.” His voice lowers a fraction, and a shadow flickers across his face. “Very believably.” Eijun comes to a realization. “But there was a catch,” he says, dread trickling into his voice. “But there was a catch,” Miyuki agrees. Eijun does not recall holding his breath. “If the Avatar were to be killed whilst in this state, the Avatar cycle would cease to exist, and the entire world would be thrown into disarray.” And as if this information was not enough, Miyuki’s next words turn the prince’s blood to ice. He gestures to the window. “And that is exactly what happened ten years ago, marking the beginning of this war.”His eyes are now dark, looking into Eijun’s gold ones with an indecipherable sheen to them. “I don’t think I need to tell you who was responsible.” Like the slow blade of a knife, realization turns the prince’s body to lead as the pieces of a gruesome jigsaw puzzle slot themselves into position, not unlike the way disgustingly perfect legions of soldiers dispatched monthly from Capital City would slot themselves into line. Eyes wide, he brings an achingly slow hand to his parted mouth, body shuddering in horror. “No,” he breathes, voice incapable of more than a whisper. He feels sick to his stomach. “No.” Miyuki smiles bitterly, looking away. “So you aren’t that much of an idiot after all, huh?” It is clearly an attempt at lightening the atmosphere, but Eijun cannot find it in him to respond, arms curled helplessly around his knees, eyes glassy and unseeing. They stay that way for a while. “The final Avatar hailed from the Southern Water Tribe,” Miyuki finally continues, voice softening the smallest fraction at the revelation. “And the Avatar cycle continued into Earth. The Fire Lord wanted to avoid the reincarnation at all costs.” A part of Eijun desperately wished to deny the information. A part of his wished for nothing more than to reverse time and to return to the palace, his extravagant prison seemingly more desirable than the terror he was faced with. A bigger part of Eijun, however, the righteous part, the part with a heart of gold that rivaled his eyes – knew that it made sense. And the fact that it made sense only served to revolt Eijun further, to know that his own father was capable of such barbarism. To understand just how great the extent of the lie he was living. He grits his teeth, jaw clenching, eyes burning. “Hey, I know that it’s a lot to absorb at once,” a cool hand brushes a stray tear from his cheek. He had not even noticed himself crying. Eijun raises his head to see that Miyuki has bent down to his eye level, gaze uncharacteristically soft and the corner of his lip lifted in the barest ghost of a smile. His hand still lingers on Eijun’s cheek, impossibly cold against the warm skin of a firebender. Their faces are inches apart, and Eijun sees his reflection in the other’s dark eyes, watches as another tear escapes his eye and glistens down his cheek only to be caught by another swipe of Miyuki’s fingers. “I’m sorry,” the prince chokes out into the silence. It is incredibly un-princely of him, but the thought is completely absent from his mind. “You did nothing wrong,” Miyuki answers, expression never faltering. “You have nothing to apologize for.” Eijun disagrees, eyebrows furrowing. He takes in a shaky breath, though Miyuki interrupts before he can speak. “You and your father are separate entities,” the other boy says firmly, brown eyes resolute, trusting. “You do not bear responsibility for his sins, and likewise, he cannot dictate your actions.” “You have chosen to fight for peace,” the waterbender adds, small smile blossoming. It is breathtaking up close. His hand on Eijun’s cheek moves in smooth, reassuring circles. “Never apologize for that.” The prince of the Fire Nation stares at the water general in wonder, heart aching with a muted longing. For what, he wonders. For peace, for happiness. He thinks of his people, of Okumura. For reunion. For companionship. For love. “Listen, I know not about leading entire…. Armies like you do.” Even to himself, he sounds almost revered. He looks into Miyuki’s eyes. “But I do know what it means to have the best interests of the people at heart. And…” He takes a resolute breath. “And if by doing that it means that I have to defeat my father, then so be it.” He brings up a hand to his cheek, covering Miyuki’s, stilling it in its motion. “Believe me.” He tries with all his heart to convey his sincerity to the other, gold meeting brown in a suspended moment, colors mixing in a breathtaking duet, fiery flames dancing in watery reflections. In a fluid motion, Miyuki leans over, and Eijun registers the briefest of lips on his forehead before he is being pulled into a gentle embrace, soft furs of the Water Tribe uniform caressing his skin.Snaking his arms around the taller bender’s torso, he buries his face into Miyuki’s shoulder, warm relief spreading right through his body down to his toes. “I believe you.”



Chapter End Notes
This chapter is such a rollercoaster smh also SOMEONE BRING OUT THE FUCKING CHEESE GRATER UGH *curls fingers*


comrades
Chapter Notes
Hey y'all! Omg feedback on the last chapter was insane XD To all of you guys hoping that Eijun was the avatar:In all honestly I never meant for the avatar to be a focal point in my fic at all! In fact, this fic is more so about how eijun tries to restore balance WITHOUT being the avatar, and how the world can still be at peace without such a central figure, which to me is so much more meaningful y'know? The previous chap was merely to provide some insight into the beginning of this war. I'm sorry for disappointing you guys gah but please look forward to firebender! eijun yeah~~Anyways, hope you all enjoy this chapter! Much love for you guys xx

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Earthbenders have a certain affinity for liars, and Commander Kataoka is better than most at sniffing them out.” Kuramochi crosses his arms, leaning his head back to rest against the clean wall of the small room, dark green splaying against stark white. He looks at the five other benders down his nose and shrugs in a nonchalant manner. “We haven’t got much to worry about in terms of the Council believing us.” The uniformed earthbender then nods at Sawamura, eyebrow cocking up in a halfheartedly challenging gesture. “That is, if you’re telling the truth.” The prince looks affronted, eyes flashing. “I have been telling the truth!” He frowns stubbornly, sitting up straighter at the edge of his shabbily made bed. He clasps his hands determinedly. “You have my word,” he insists, looking Kuramochi straight in the eye. “Dude, I was being sarcastic. We know.” Kuramochi rolls his eyes. He waves a hand dismissively, before slotting it back into its folded position with a grunt. “Or rather,” he amends, “we wouldn’t have gone through all this trouble for you if we didn’t.” He catches Miyuki’s eye as he says that last sentence, and the waterbender smirks, understanding passing between them. Miyuki knows that Kuramochi is not simply referring to the benders vouching for the fire prince in the presence of the Monks, or for bringing him food and providing him with company these past two days.No, the earthbender is talking about before, before they had left the village, all the time Miyuki had spent knowing Sawamura’s true identity yet still allowing him to stay. Or maybe even the good half month the group of six had spent in each other’s company, the little family’s habits almost shaped around each other to the point where it was strange to once again reside in individual rooms. The close scrutiny of the noble prince and judgment of his every action, the bonds formed between benders of different nations, and the trust that emerged from them. With a sudden jolt of realization, Miyuki blinks. His eyes shift, taking in the other five scattered across the room. For the longest time, he had prided himself on his aloofness, the young Water Tribe general known for his skill to emotionally detach himself from pressing situations and to provide professional, objective opinions on urgent affairs. It is what made him such a brilliant strategist. That is why, to the bloodbender known for working efficiently solo, so used to singlehandedly commanding troops, it was unsettling to think that he finally had companions who he considered equals, people who knew and respected him for more than his bending prowess. For the first time in his life, Miyuki had – dare he say it – friends. People whom he would stop at nothing to protect, and who would do the same for him. He sucks in a calming breath, diverting his eyes to the open window. He honestly did not know how to feel about that. They were in the middle of a war. Forming bonds with others was a strategic weakness that the enemy could easily exploit. Miyuki was painfully aware of this fact, yet he had subconsciously ignored it. It was immensely out of character, such a phenomenon unthinkable for the strict waterbender. Unthinkable… and yet here he was. Something he cannot name effervesces in his chest. It is a rather warm, foreign feeling, only intensifying as his gaze drifts to the golden-eyed Fire Native. Sawamura is looking abashed, having promptly deflated at Kuramochi’s words. He bites his lip and opens his mouth to speak, though the earthbender cuts him off. “Oh, and stop being so damn formal all the time, when it’s just us,” he scowls in distaste. “It gets on my nerves.” There is a slight pause wherein Furuya lets out a small affronted scoff of disdain. Sawamura, on the other hand, blinks uncertainly, before slowly curving his back into a very unnatural looking slouch, a poor mimic of Kuramochi’s pose. Haruichi lets out a chuckle. Kuramochi brings his head back onto the wall with an audible thunk. “Oh, forget it.” “In any case,” Wakana’s soothing voice speaks up, “you’ve been locked in here for two days.” She looks at the prince worriedly, fiddling with the furred hem of her sleeve. “Eijun, are you faring well?” Sawamura’s expression turns resigned. “This is nothing new,” he mutters, shifting on the soft mattress. He runs a hand along the crumpled linen, nose scrunching up. “I am no stranger to being confined.” “Though never in so small a space,” she reminds him gently. “Maybe,” Sawamura replies, golden eyes turning to her. “But I have company here, so this is a far better prison than the palace has ever been.” Wakana cracks a small, sad smile, no doubt reminded of her own time spent in the Fire Nation palace. Miyuki wonders what its grand interior must look like, how vastly different from his own nation’s architecture the greatest structure of the Fire Nation must be. The darkness of the prince’s bedchamber on his only visit had not given Miyuki a very lasting impression at all. “This is simply a precaution on the Monks’ part until the council arrives,” Furuya purses his lips in the corner of the room. He lets out a small huff through his nose. “I apologize for their stiffness.” “Says you,” Miyuki snickers, bemused. The airbender frowns, not understanding. He squints at Miyuki before turning back to the prince. “In any case,” he continues, “you will be free to roam around soon enough. The Southern Air Temple is very beautiful.” Wakana nods. “Well, just let us know if there is anything else you may need,” she fusses, every bit the healer she was trained to be. “Alright?” Sawamura shoots her a grateful look. “Thank you all so much, really.” Guilt flashes across his features as he presses his lips together. He looks as if to say something more, but apparently thinks better of it and chooses to remain silent. Miyuki reckons it would have again been regarding their hospitality. He understood that it was difficult to wrap one’s head around, but by this point, repeating their shared goal and morals to the old-fashioned prince was almost becoming habit to the waterbender. He shakes his head in endeared exasperation, a smile playing at his lips. “You’re our friend now!” Haruichi beams earnestly. His white toga almost blends into the wall behind him, though the light fabric displays a telltale silvery sheen as he moves about, the mark of an airbender’s robes. “It is barely a hassle.”The words are barely out of his mouth before there comes a heavy knock at his door, followed by the voice of one of the Air Temple keepers. “Prince Eijun,” the nervous voice calls out. The benders all turn to the closed door, apprehension growing in the air, and Miyuki spots a flicker of fear in Sawamura’s glowing eyes. “The Council has arrived.” ----------------  Miyuki recognizes the familiar room of the previous meeting, the three Council members already present and seated, turning their heads to acknowledge their arrival. The cracked table from before has been replaced by another, this time a sleek marble crescent that curves by a good quarter of the room. The leaders are seated at regular intervals on its outer rim, their respective guards lined up behind them. He sees that Chief Rei has brought Kanemaru and Toujou with her, the fair-haired pair standing respectfully by either of her shoulders. They are both fairly new recruits to the army, though Miyuki recalls their enormous talent as underclassmen in the academy. The two waterbenders incline their heads to him as the group enters, though their eyes are drawn inevitably to Sawamura, dampened curiosity swimming in their stares. Miyuki nods to them, before coming to a stop in line with his team. He meets Chief Rei’s eyes, his leader seated to the right. She cocks a single eyebrow, having clearly noticed the protective way the bloodbender stands beside the prince of an enemy nation, though she does not speak out against him. Instead, the elegant Chief looks to the others for approval to begin. When they nod their assent, she clears her throat. “Benders of the Alliance,” she begins. “I applaud you all on your valiant efforts. Your mission was successful, and the Alliance has benefited greatly from your bravery.” Miyuki bows low, and the rest hastily follow him, Sawamura somewhat hesitantly. When they rise, Chief Rei nods. “You may return to your posts.” Miyuki watches as Kanemaru and Toujou shift together, allowing space for him and Wakana to step in line beside them. Looking around, the guards in green and white are doing the same. Miyuki spots Kominato Ryousuke by the Air Monk’s flank, face pleasant and posture guarded.Everyone looks to them expectantly, and Sawamura presses his lips together determinedly, waiting for his time to speak.A beat passes, and none of the benders move from their positions. Chief Rei’s narrows her eyes the tiniest fraction. “Kuramochi,” a voice growls. Commander Kataoka rises from his seat, eyebrows furrowed menacingly. He always did have a short fuse, the Commander did. “What are you doing?” “With all due respect, Commander Kataoka,” Kuramochi voices, tone unwavering. After all the time spent in his company, seeing him revert back to formal speech and etiquette is somewhat amusing. “We have returned with not an enemy, but an ally.”                                                                              The Earth Commander looks appropriately appalled at Kuramochi’s words, a vein throbbing in his temple. He scowls in suspicion at Sawamura, who does well to look unafraid under the intimidating figure’s intrusive glare. Commander Kataoka opens his mouth to speak, but is cut off by Monk Ochiai. “Indeed, this is their claim, and I am inclined to believe them.” The white robed figure looks upon the group with a twinkle in his eye. The Council members on either side of him remain dubious in their glances, but the Air Monk ignores them, nodding to Sawamura, encouraging yet cautious. “Recount your story here as you did for the Monks, child.” Before Miyuki has time to assure him, Sawamura takes a deep breath, bowing respectfully to each leader before lifting his head and squaring his shoulders. His eyes blaze with resolve, regal and brilliant and elegantly golden. Even in his ragged tunic, he looks every bit a prince. The entire room listens as he recounts his story from the very beginning, of a single prince living captive in his palace, of years of training and lessons and stifling kata sequences, of learning about the war between the Fire Nation and the rest of the world. Of the injustice he believed to be the truth, of jealousy and thievery and countless lives lost. He also talks about developing his lenses, the brown shards of glass that he held in his eyes, placing a hand in the folds of his tunic and pulling the very slivers out themselves, now pathetic and wrinkled, dull brown almost a disgrace when held next to the radiant gold of his real irises. Holding them out for all to see, he tells them how he had found a hidden passage in the palace’s outer wall, how he would steal out of the palace on occasion and discover the families lining the streets, women and children and non-benders waiting for news. He talks of food rations, of warm bread and small hands and kind smiles. As he speaks, everyone watches with wide eyes and shallow breaths, neither the Council members nor their guards aware of what a character they may have expected from the handsome crown prince. Just as Miyuki had hoped, this unabashed sincerity was coming as a shock to all of them.Very slowly, Commander Kataoka silently lowers himself back into his seat. Sawamura turns his eyes frantically to the movement, clearly not done. Refusing to be done just yet. Unfaltering in his speech, he continues into his wishes to join the Fire Nation army, of ravens to the battlefield and wheedling requests to countless messengers, only to be told the same thing every time. When he starts recalling his escape from the palace, his discovery by travellers on a sky bison, the benders by his side start breaking out of their reverie, nodding along, recognizing the time their paths converged. Now the story becomes familiar to Miyuki, the travels to the oasis villages, the interactions with the locals and the dawning realization that the world was indeed not as the sheltered prince had thought it would be. He ends with the invasion of the village by their own soldiers to bring him back to the palace, a sour downturn to his mouth at the unpleasant memory. “I will never return there,” he says with suppressed feeling, eyes alight with a damp sheen. “I will fight with the Alliance, for peace. These companions taught me that.” Not much of this information is new to Miyuki, though Sawamura was always one to get carried away with matters he was passionate about. The rest of the room is rightly stunned. Monk Ochiai lifts a corner of his mouth in a half smile. “Thank you, Prince Eijun.” Sawamura bows again. “Please believe me, for on my honor, I speak nothing but the truth.” Monk Ochiai raises a placating hand, the silvers of his embroidered sleeve catching the light softly. He says nothing, waiting for the others. Miyuki looks to Commander Kataoka, who predictably speaks up first. What he says, or grunts, however, is less predictable. “The boy speaks the truth.” Kuramochi gives them all a smug surreptitious glance, as if to say I told you so. Likewise, his two earthbender guards do not look too surprised by their Commander’s change of heart. “But,” he frowns dangerously, tone harsh. “This does not alleviate the crimes the Fire Lord has committed.” He sweeps a hand in a slicing motion. “He killed the final avatar!” His voice rises to a bellow. “He upset the balance of the whole world!” He slams a flat palm onto the table, and Miyuki is glad that it does not crack this time. “What do you, as his son, have to say for his heinous crimes?” Sawamura meets the Commander’s gaze levelly, not once backing down from the harsh glare. “I have nothing to say for his deeds. They are unforgivable.” Commander Kataoka’s nostrils flare. The prince’s eyes flash. “But I am not my father,” he says with a surprising firmness. “I had no part in his wrongdoings, and I will not take responsibility for them. “Instead allow me to prove my loyalty to the Alliance through my actions. I will fight with you,” he insists. He upturns his palms. “You have my word.” If Kuramochi’s claim regarding the Commander’s ability to accurately identify liars holds true, then the fierce earthbender certainly believes Sawamura. Sufficiently satisfied, Miyuki turns his gaze to his own Chief.Chief Rei has an unreadable expression on her face, gloved fingers tapping the marble table in a rhythmic motion. While Commander Kataoka does not move to speak any more, she seizes the initiative. “You are certainly a charismatic speaker, young prince.” Miyuki had known that Chief Rei would be the most difficult to convince. She, just like him, was a strategist at heart. “It is true that your offer of assistance allows us a plethora of options in this war,” she says in a calm voice, “but we will need to discuss this further.” She looks to the other Council members coolly, though her expression clearly allows no room for argument. “I think it would be best if you were escorted back to your chambers for the time being.”  ------------------   “All of his claims hold true,” Commander Kataoka confirms first, crossing his arms over his broad chest. Miyuki has never heard him sound so resigned, though he still maintains a dignity about him. Despite this, the scowl has not yet left his face. “Having him on our side is certainly advantageous for us.” “The Commander is right,” Monk Ochiai agrees, stroking his beard. “Though he cannot join our army.” He spreads his hands in a helpless gesture. “Ever since the death of the final Avatar, the Fire Lord became a symbol of power and destruction. I am unsure of what the troops will think, fighting alongside a firebender.” “We must not forget our initial plan of simply holding the prince hostage here,” Chief Rei reminds them. She folds her gloved fingers together. “Though admittedly, we must have a countermeasure for anything the Fire Lord may throw at us.” She looks to the line of benders who have still not returned to their posts. She does not look like she particularly minds that fact anymore, instead zeroing in on their leader. “Miyuki.” Miyuki offers her a pleasant smile. “You were the leader of this quest, and your opinion bears weight.” She pauses, and Kuramochi lets out a pointed cough. Miyuki smirks despite himself. Chief Rei corrects her statement, unfazed. “All of your opinions do.” “I imagine you all have spent a considerable amount of time with the prince under your combined scrutiny.” Miyuki nods in confirmation. “He is a skilled combatant and a talented bender,” he reports. “It would be a waste of his abilities to keep him here.” Sensing something more, Chief Rei’s eyes narrow in a heartbeat. She has always been able to tell when Miyuki was planning something. When she speaks next, her voice is hard, yet tinged with wariness. Miyuki rather prides himself on that fact. “And in that vein, what might you propose, Miyuki?” After Sawamura’s valiant performance earlier, Miyuki cannot let himself be outdone. “The Fire Lord does not value Sawamura’s health,” he reveals, the corners of his mouth threatening to downturn, though he keeps them in line. “He will never surrender the war for the prince, merely wanting him back alive for the sake of the bloodline, no matter the cost.” Speaking of it disgusts him, but Miyuki continues. He injects confidence into his tone. “If the prince’s whereabouts are discovered, it is likely that they will find a way to invade the Southern Air Temple. We cannot simply stand by and wait for that to happen.” He pauses to let the others take in this new information. And the benders beside him nod solemnly, aware of what is to come next. “You speak the truth, Miyuki Kazuya,” Monk Ochiai concedes. Behind him, Kominato Ryousuke’s face is closed off, though his narrow eyes pierce through Miyuki’s own. Close enough acquaintances to recognize each other’s habits, the pink haired airbender waits for Miyuki to reveal his grand intention. And reveal it he does. “We will take the Fire Lord down before he has the chance to regroup his troops,” Miyuki says. He gives the council a thin smile. “Allow us to infiltrate the Fire Nation ranks.” 



Chapter End Notes
If I knew any of these guys in real life idek if we'd be friends man they're all so INTENSE


persuasion
Chapter Notes
Hey everyone! Back with another chapter YAYY~ Hope you like it! And I have no idea how much longer we've got left of this story but I can confidently say we're past the halfway mark at this juncture and it may even end before we hit 20 chapters? Nothing's set in stone though so if we go past 20 that'd be cool too XDOnce again, thank you all so much for coming back every week to read this fic, it's completely mindblowing that people all around the world actually read this and like it enough to come back each week like whoa THANK YOU <33Also I'm so sorry if I haven't replied your comment yet, I've been so busy with things this period and they've all been piling up D: I definitely will get around to replying all of you though, so thank you once again for all your lovely words!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Kuramochi is beginning to think that he wishes for death more than he’d initially thought. It must be the others rubbing off on him. He grimaces internally, green eyes searching the room warily as the three Council members erupt in outrage. It’s pretty amusing, seeing the collected faces of each leader slowly turn the pink of the Air Nation dawn, but Kuramochi stifles his scoff, because that would only cause more trouble. “It has not been a week since your return from the previous mission!” Commander Kataoka bursts, face turning red. The Earth Native senses a tremor built from his anger, too slight for a non-earthbender to notice, yet alarming all the same. The Southern Air Temple was sturdy, yet the floating structure was an impossibly pathetic speck of dirt when compared to the vastness of the entire Earth. It made him queasy, in all honesty, unable to feel secure even with his feet planted on solid ground. He bet he wouldn’t even be able to bend here. The whole Temple would probably collapse. “And also worth mentioning that it is a miracle all of you made it back unharmed. What, was it not suicidal enough?” Even Chief Rei of the Water Tribe appears stunned at Miyuki’s bold statement. “Miyuki, what you propose is far more dangerous than your previous quest.” Her eyebrows knit themselves together, and she shifts forward in her seat. “You would quite literally be walking straight into the wolves’ den.” “Indeed we would,” Miyuki’s cool voice intercedes. The scheming waterbender allows no trace of any nervousness to bypass his decidedly confident exterior. It is a trait of his that never fails to annoy the straightforward Earth Native. Though, admittedly, today it works in his favor, so Kuramochi lets the bespectacled bastard do what he wants. He listens as Miyuki repeats his proposal to the Council. “While traveling through the Fire Nation, we learned much from the villagers. The people are divided, the nation is one ruled by fear. The soldiers are taken from their families, and obey more out of forced obligation than anything else. Much of the King’s own citizens are against his rule.” This is news to the Council. They fall silent, interest piqued, however their expressions remain a convoluted mixture of guarded doubt and indignant disbelief. Monk Ochiai tilts his head, thinking. Behind him, Kominato Ryousuke’s face has hardened to stone. “And what else have you learnt from your time in the west, young one?” Miyuki Kazuya certainly has a way with words. The Council will require much more persuasion, but Kuramochi already notices the odds slowly but steadily skewing in their favor. “The Fire Natives are rather more bent upon tradition than we had expected,” he explains. “And the monarch is bestowed the greatest power.” His voice remains unwavering, bearing a sliver of the authority he must use to command his own troops. Kuramochi knows it well. “Should the Fire Lord be taken down, his entire Nation will be put into disarray. As the next heir to the throne, Sawamura will be able to withdraw from the war. And he will do so in the name of peace.” “This is uncharacteristically brash and naïve of you, Miyuki,” Chief Rei cuts in, tone brittle. She frowns down her nose at them. “You are forgetting the generals. Even if – by a miracle, might I add – the Fire Lord is killed, the prince may possibly be branded a traitor by the nobles. And then what? Our only hostage is killed in turn, and the meager rest of you are left to fight your way through countless legions of soldiers? You cannot expect to escape with your lives.” She is right, of course. She also seems very reluctant to allow their newly acquired hostage-slash-ally to return to his home soil. Under her disapproving stare, the benders remain unfazed, mouths set in hard lines. “I am willing to bet that their pride in the royal bloodline will stop them,” Miyuki reveals. The bloodbender holds up a palm. “I cannot bend the blood of the royal family. It is their medallion, and they treasure it unbelievably fiercely. It is highly unlikely that they will kill the prince.” Whether intentionally or not, this information had always been restricted to those who resided in the Fire Nation, and thus the ripple of shock that ensues is understandable. Behind Commander Kataoka’s frozen form, Sanada and Raichi sport identical raised eyebrows and parted mouths. They both simultaneously look to Kuramochi for confirmation, and the earthbender provides his fellow bodyguards with a tiny nod. Raichi jerks his head his head back in a reaction, the excitable prodigy’s eyes widening to the size of saucers. He turns his eyes to Miyuki, and the prominent scar on his cheek catches the light in a sinister fashion. Kuramochi frowns. The scar is new. Miyuki does not stop there. “As a precaution, we would have our own troops march to the battlefield after our departure. Should fighting ensure, we will have the strategic means to subdue them.” Out of the corner of his eye, Kuramochi sees Miyuki purse his lips. “Though hopefully it does not come down to this. We do not want more casualties than there need to be.” Granted, it is not as conclusive a plan as Kuramochi would have liked, but it is fairly concrete and brilliant in theory. The earthbender had his doubts about Miyuki’s overly-praised skills before, but over time, he had come to learn that the other was indeed something of a genius. A plan like this would have taken months of debacle, yet Miyuki’s calculated boldness had oftentimes led him far. Kuramochi lets out a long, silent sigh. He may be a secretive schemer, but Kuramochi trusted him with his life. “Even if we were to dispatch troops to meet you, you all would remain at the heart of the Fire Nation camp,” Monk Ochiai reasons, a regrettable frown on his face. “You young ones are strong, but fighting your way to the edges of their camp to regroup with our army would be near impossible.” “Exactly,” Commander Kataoka growls. “This plan is too flimsy.” He scans their faces with a dark expression. His glare only intensifies as he meets Kuramochi’s eyes, and they hold each other’s gaze for a strong second, neither one backing down. Perhaps it was confidence from returning from a successful quest. Perhaps it was the spark of hope that the war may end sooner. Or perhaps it was even the burning desire to fight, to finally put years of training to use. Whatever it is, it is the same thing that had driven the earthbender to step forward, volunteering for a suicide mission he was unsure would even succeed nearly a month ago. Right now, it causes Kuramochi to open his mouth. “We are warriors.” Everyone in the room turns to him, not expecting him to have spoken. Miyuki, mouth open to speak, falls silent in surprise. “We are benders, and these are times of war,” he hears himself saying. He breaks his gaze with the Commander, and exhales through his nose, resigned. The others were indeed rubbing off on him. “This plan is far better than simply waiting for the Fire Nation to attack us, and also the most advantageous use of Sawamura’s pledged loyalty to the Alliance.” He cracks a tiny, crooked smile with a corner of his lip, revealing a sharp canine. “Furthermore, we have always been taught not to fear death.” It is true, and he knows that his statement resonates with everyone in the room. No one present would be a stranger to war, that they stand in that very room a blatant testament to this fact. From young, they understood the meaning of loss and sacrifice, growing up with stains of blood on their hands, images of death ingrained behind their eyelids. The benders knew of the risk. They had spoken of it together, when Miyuki had initially proposed the plan a day ago in Sawamura’s tiny white room. The prince had a part in it too, the memory of distinctive gold eyes dancing at the edge of his memory, earnest expressions partnered with elaborate gestures. Kuramochi had observed the expressions on each comrade’s face that day – fear, doubt, trust, hope. But more than any of that, there was a raging determination in each pair of eyes, a desperate glint of longing for what they could achieve. They wanted for the war to end as much as he did, and he wanted it more than anything. The stupid comet was almost here, and they’d been living in war for as long as they could remember. Commander Kataoka flares his nostrils, though opting to remain silent. Behind him, his two guards stand respectfully still. Kuramochi reckons it rather a feat for the ever-fidgeting Raichi. Beside the clearly upset boy, Sanada meets his eyes once more, the more level-headed of the two offering him a simple nod. It is neither tinged with pity nor sadness, which Kuramochi is glad for. Chief Rei finally breaks the silence. “This is taking an incredible risk. It is more than we could ask of you all.” “This is the best chance we’ve got in a losing battle,” Kuramochi counters. “We brought the prince here. Allow us this request.” There is a charged silence that threatens to overwhelm them, and it goes on for longer than Kuramochi would have liked. He was always an impatient type, and that has not changed. After an eternity and a day, Chief Rei’s lips morph into a very thin line. Her eyes sweep across the line of benders in front of her. “Fine. The Council shall contemplate your offer.” Kuramochi reckons this fair enough, though the statement is far too ambiguous to satisfy. Though of course Miyuki, ever-aggressive, has to speak up. He even steps forward this time, just into Kuramochi’s line of view. “No,” he insists. “Part of our advantage is that the Fire Nation troops are still dispersed, searching for the prince in the oasis villages.” If we wish to catch them off guard, we should leave as soon as possible, before they regroup. Every day we spend here is a day wasted.” Kuramochi grunts under his breath. The bloodbender’s stubbornness may be a pain to deal with, but it certainly yielded results. Chief Rei’s glare to Miyuki turns piercingly cold. Truth be told, Kuramochi would consider her the most frightening of the Council members, even after working for years in extremely close proximity to Commander Kataoka’s explosive temper. The Commander was strong, but he was straightforward and blunt, as were the rest of them in the Earth Kingdom. Chief Rei was clever and cunning, as were her subordinates. Elaborate schemes beneath calm exteriors, a rapidly flowing river beneath a frozen surface. As if to prove his point, Miyuki does not waver under her scrutiny, calm and confident as ever. Kuramochi swears that the temperature drops a few degrees in the room. “Three days, then.” Monk Ochiai offers contemplatively after a beat of silence. “We shall provide you with an answer within that time.” He looks around the room, offering an amiable smile. “I believe that three days should allow us enough time to decide, should it not?” “Thank you, Monk Ochiai.” Miyuki bows quickly, leaving no time for argument. Kuramochi lets his smirk play on his lips when he lowers himself too, face hidden from the view of the Council members. Monk Ochiai waves a hand, giving them an encouraging nod. He pointedly ignores the suspicious looks in his direction, gesturing to one of his subordinates. The white-clad bender by his right shoulder bows, before hurrying over to their side in preparation to lead the benders away. “I trust that you will take good care of the prince during his stay.”  ------------------------------    Wakana had been meaning to do this for a long while. It had been on her mind ever since the return journey to the Air Temple, clung to her conscience like an incessant pest for days now, though the time had never been right, what with more pressing matters at hand and things of greater importance requiring their attention. And as much as she trusted the others, Wakana had thought that she’d rather have this particular conversation in private. It wasn’t something the other benders had to trouble themselves with, and she didn’t want to taint the peaceful atmosphere they’d only recently developed amongst themselves. She was merely curious. That’s all. Yet the healer finds herself hesitating before Prince Eijun’s door, hand raised but knuckles frozen millimeters from the white wood. A seed of doubt plants itself in her chest. She bites her lip, contemplating. Actually, she could always turn back now. It wasn’t something of vital importance, and she could live without knowing. Wakana lowers her hand. It is not like she had expectations.Trying to convince herself of this certainty, Wakana backs slowly away from the door. After all, in all their time together, the prince had never shown her an inkling of recognition. Not a hint in his eyes that suggested he might have seen her before in another lifetime, a life of laughter and harmony and palace walls that shone with gold. Palace walls that encompassed not a prison, but a home for both of them. Now those eyes look upon her with kindness, with intelligence, but not once with the happy brashness that stains her memory, the wild glee that caused high pitched squeals of laughter to echo throughout the palace, lifting the lips of exasperated healers and making the torches lining the walls flare a little brighter. Those eyes, though no less gold than she remembers, house a disciplined flame, the unruly child from before molded into a regal warrior, a bowstring taut with unreleased power. Truthfully, the more time she spent with the prince, the more she was able to recognize the handsome features and the unchanging determination behind his gaze, both becoming more striking with maturity. Why had she not seen it before? Wakana comes to a stop, about halfway to the wall behind her. Perhaps she always knew that the messenger Takigawa was Prince Eijun. She had mentioned it to Kuramochi, that he was familiar to her, yet she herself had rejected the fact that the loud, blundering child from her memory had indeed grown into such a noble, cautious young adult. Wakana does not know why, but she feels a profound sadness threaten to overwhelm her. She wonders how much she herself has changed from then. Ten years is a long time, after all. Perhaps it is better that we leave the past as is. She lets her eyes slide shut, thoughts running through her brain.  
But would you be happy like that?
 Wakana starts as Kuramochi’s voice speaks up. Her eyes snap open, glancing around the empty corridor. He isn’t there. She’s just imagining it. The voice is in her head, but it continues. So what, are you gonna just leave it like this for the rest of your life? It chides. Wakana imagines the strong earthbender raising an eyebrow, looking at her skeptically. He then breaks into a crooked grin, shooting her a thumbs up. Man up, Wakana, he says firmly. You got this.
 
How funny that Kuramochi is always the one to encourage her, even when he isn’t there. She takes a breath. “Thank you,” she whispers into the still air. And then, before she can regret it, she takes a step forward and places three solid knocks on the prince’s door.    When she enters, the prince is sitting cross-legged on the edge of his bed, now dressed in the white toga of the Air Nomads, maroon tunic haphazardly crumpled into a small pile beside him. His tanned skin provides a rather stark contrast to the white robes, though he manages to not make it look infinitely garish, at least. In his hands he holds a worn piece of paper tenderly, cupping it protectively in his hands as she walks in. When he see’s that it’s just her, his posture relaxes and his smile widens. “Wakana!” He beams, moving to allow her space to sit. Instead, she tuts, eyes drawn to the pitiful pile of Fire Nation clothes. She grabs the lone tunic and starts folding it, settling it beside the prince when she’s done. Eijun looks on rather sheepishly, presumably having never been taught how to fold clothes properly. “What brings you here?” She smiles wryly, doubt settling back in after her rash movements. She hesitates, thinking of how to phrase her question as she watches the prince set the folded tunic on his lap, gently setting the crumpled piece of paper on top of it. She blinks as he takes his hand away. Not a piece of paper, she corrects – a picture. A familiar one. “Fire Lord Eitoku,” she murmurs without thinking. Prince Eijun’s head snaps up at the name. He follows her line of sight to the photo, and his smile returns. “Ah,” he hums, picking it up to show her. He handles it with such care that she doesn’t dare touch it, instead merely looking at the photo, at another familiar face that bore the regal eyes of the royals, yet with a face so gentle, so wise. “Yeah, this is my gramps.” He places it gingerly back down. “He passed away when I was six.” Wakana nods, remembering the old peace-loving Fire Lord roaming the palace during his last years of life. She later learned that he had been a fine ruler in his time, leading a prospering nation, until his son succeeded the throne after his death and turned the world to shambles in less than a decade. “He was a wonderful man,” she remembers. The prince looks at her, eyes twinkling. “You say that like you knew him,” he laughs, shaking his head, “but you’re right.” Wakana takes a breath, seeing the opportunity. The words come out in a rush. “I have met him before.” Eijun pauses in his movements, turning his head to look at her, confusion clouding his expression. “You couldn’t have,” he frowns. “I do not believe that he traveled in the years preceding his death.” “He didn’t,” Wakana tells him, watching his face very carefully for any flash of recognition. She does not get her hopes up. She is merely curious. “But I did.” It is not recognition, but something akin to realization dawns on the prince’s face, not unlike the gradual way the sun rises in the orange Fire Nation sky. Wakana gives him a sad smile, and bows with a hand over her heart, the way servants were taught to. Just for old times’ sake. “Do you remember me, Your Highness?” -- The prince scrambles to his feet, picture fluttering to the ground. His eyes are wide as he raises a hand to his mouth, eyes searching her face for any sign of a joke. When he sees none, his face turns horrified. “Wakana,” he sounds so upset, Wakana wishes she hadn’t brought it up. “I never realized.” She shakes her head. So he didn’t recognize her after all. But the way he stares at her, expression full of remorse, does seem to indicate that he knows of the execution of the servants, at least in part. Granted, it would have been one thing difficult to hide from him. “It’s alright, Eijun,” she says gently. “It was such a long time ago. And I escaped, didn’t I?” Eijun looks to the floor, paling significantly. He won’t meet her eyes. “But what of your family?” he asks in a small voice. She suspects he already knows the answer. “My name is Aotsuki Wakana,” she reveals at last. She watches as he mouths the surname after her. “You do not recognize me, but perhaps you knew my parents.” She smiles sadly. “I do miss them sometimes.” He looks up to meet her eyes, and this time there is a tiny spark swimming in the guilt. He knows the name. “I’m so sorry, Wakana.” “It’s not your fault,” she replies, shaking her head. She shrugs, offering her palms to the ceiling. “I think I just wanted to come clean, for closure,” she confesses. Prince Eijun searches her face, hesitant. Then he bows low, respectful. “Thank you for telling me.” Wakana does the same, if only because she can’t have the prince bowing lower than her, when the discarded picture catches her eye. The Water Native crouches down and gingerly picks it off the floor. She hands it back to the prince, who in turn places it flat on his bed. She nods to it. “Fire Lord Eitoku was a great ruler, well respected by many,” she remembers from her text scrolls. “There was peace throughout his entire reign.” A pause. “So it really was my father who destroyed the world, huh.” Wakana has no nice reply to that. Eijun’s eyes flare with grief. “To restore the pride of the Fire Nation, I have to defeat the Fire Lord.” He sets his jaw. “It has to be me.” Their eyes meet, and Wakana sees a tiny hint of the unruly fire dancing in his steadfast gaze, wild and capricious. For one second, she sees the prince from her past, the lively, ambitious prince who could do anything. She blinks, and he is gone. But he was there, and that is enough for her. Her eyes soften. “Alright,” she says. “If the Council doesn’t say yes to our plan in three days time, we’ll all run away and do it ourselves.” The boy looks to her in bewilderment at her sudden declaration, but huffs out a small laugh of disbelief. The waterbender grins. “So it’s set,” she says. She holds her pinky up in a promise. “Deal?” Slightly puzzled, Eijun mimics her action, and she hooks his pinky with hers. “That means it’s a promise,” she tells him. Slowly, he curls his pinky around hers. He shakes his head a little. “It’s like we’re children again,” he smiles. She raises her eyebrows. “Who says we aren’t?” She tugs on his pinky, insistent. A smile plays on her lips. “So do I have a deal?” Eijun stares at their linked pinky fingers for so long, Wakana thinks that he might decline. The prince then laughs. It is not as loud as she remembers, but it is more free than anything she has seen since she encountered him outside the East gate, and she thinks that they’re off to a good start. “Well, I am an expert at running away,” he agrees. The Water Native chuckles. “I don’t doubt that.”



Chapter End Notes
Kurawaka POVs today just to change things up a little heh


training
Chapter Notes
Hello everyone! Very early chapter this week because I've got my hands full all day so I might not make it back before nightfall D: but yes! Hope y'all enjoy it, and have a lovely week ahead!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The ground rumbles violently under Eijun’s feet as he watches exactly five chunks of solid earth rise before his very eyes, levitating off the ground in a perfect semicircle for a millisecond before hurtling across the green grass. A good few metres away, Furuya redirects the boulders and sends one shooting back where it came from. In his movements, the airbender missteps in the tremors and loses his balance, tripping very gracefully to the ground. He quickly stirs the sir around him and swivels to rise again, though when he stands, his white robes are stained brown with dirt. Furuya scowls in disdain, brushing himself off. Opposite him, his distracted opponent shatters the boulder with a single fist. Pieces of rock go flying in all directions, and Eijun covers his head with his arms, as do all the benders standing around the pair. “Is that all you got?” The boy with the scarred cheek – Todoroki Raichi, he recalls – screeches gleefully. He lowers his outstretched fist in favor of planting both hands on his hips, tilting his head to the sky and releasing a loud cackle. He is promptly swept off his feet by a particularly nasty gust of wind mid-cackle, and hits the ground with a very undignified squawk. The bits of rock fall like rain, and someone sighs. “Okay, time!” The blonde Water Native calls out, stepping in between the two. Kanemaru, the prince thinks his name is, though he cannot be certain. All the names of the Councilmembers’ bodyguards are swirling around in his head after the lightning quick round of introductions they had sped through prior to this little sparring session. It is making his head spin, still struggling to place name to face. He supposes it will come with time. In any case, the one who may be named Kanemaru holds out a blue-gloved hand to the tall airbender, who examines the dirtied sleeve of his toga irritably. “Furuya’s victory.” Raichi scrambles to his feet, covered in dust. “What!” The waterbender squints at him. Next to his outstretched hand, Furuya walks listlessly away. “You’re a good bender, kid,” he notes, “but you’re obviously not very smart.” He scowls, crossing his muscular arms. “If this were a real battle,” he tells him, “you’d be dead by now. Take this seriously.” The earthbender looks unfazed. He flaps a dismissive hand in the air so fast it becomes a blur. “This was just a warm up!” Raichi grins evilly, sharp canines showing. Eijun finds himself leaning subtly away. “I’ll win the next one for sure.” “Sure, whatever you say,” Kanemaru has already shifted his attention to the others. Raichi kicks bits of rock with his bare feet as he bounds to the edge of the wide circle of benders, allowing space for the next pair to spar. “So who’s up to go next?” Eijun stays silent. The prince had never done a training session quite like this before, what with a group of benders – with different abilities too! How astounding – gathered to fight one on one at their own discretion. He himself had only ever sparred with his mentors, and unbelievably powerful as they were, they were firebenders, as was he. This session was only leaving him in awe as it progressed, Eijun having never before witnessed the bending of different nations pitted against each other like this. It was strangely informal, yet extremely thrilling to watch. The last earthbender steps forward, ruffling Raichi’s already messy hair as he strolls past. He stretches his arms above his head. “I’ll go,” he offers. He is tall and raven-haired, with a strong set of features. Eijun recognized him standing behind Commander Kataoka at the meeting, but the other’s name escapes him. He sighs through his nose. He had known that this would happen. He would have to ask again later. “Might as well.” Eijun thinks. So far, only two duels had transpired, and the first had been an airbender’s match between Haruichi and his older brother, who had promptly won before taking their bison back up from the ground to the Air Temple above them to resume his duties. Eijun had mostly felt that match rather than seen it, bodies flitting about each other in a flickering dance, all whilst unbothered by raging slices of wind. This continued for some time until the winds died down, revealing Haruichi with an arm pinned behind his back and his brother’s hand inches from his throat, pleasant smile having never left his face the entire time. The firebender quickly darts his eyes about, performing a silent headcount. Two new faces from each nation, though no new airbenders after the departure of the older Kominato, Monk Ochiai’s two bodyguards having their own duties to attend to. Many, like him, have yet a chance to duel, though none of them step forward. He looks to Wakana, who stands with Kuramochi and the other unfamiliar waterbender. Wakana shoots him an encouraging smile. Sensing something amiss, he snaps his gaze back to the dark-haired earthbender, whose eyes are trained on him. In fact, Eijun belatedly realizes, all of the benders have their eyes on him. His heart thuds loudly in his chest. The last earthbender raises his eyebrows in a challenge. Behind him, Todoroki Raichi hops excitedly on the balls of his feet. “How about it, Your Highness?”  Eijun is still completely unfamiliar with the proper sparring etiquette and procedures of such a session, the unsupervised gathering of benders of different traditions in a somewhat familiar setting jarring at best. He blinks. “Me?” The earthbender laughs. “And here I thought you’d be the bright one,” he says good-naturedly. He points a finger in Eijun’s direction, grin slanted and wide. “Pun very much intended, by the way.” Eijun hasn’t the faintest clue what he’s saying, but chalks it down to the mysterious Earth Kindom jargon from before. Judging by Raichi’s great peals of laughter, it most probably is. A hand pats his back, pushing him gently forward. “He’ll go.” The prince turns his head abruptly to look at Miyuki, who nods to the open space before them. “I bet you’ve never done anything like this before,” the waterbender smirks, crossing his arms. “Let’s see how you fare.” Eijun bristles at the undermining taunt in his words, a spark flaring in his chest and running down to the very tips of his fingers, waiting to be released in a great burst of flame. And though feeling ridiculously underprepared, he walks forward with a confidence that he does not have, looking around at the others as he does so. Unlike the Air Nomad civilians had been, these benders do not look at him with fear. Simply interest, wary at best, but much more welcoming than anyone else had been. It makes him feel rather at ease with the bizarreness of it all. Perhaps, he thinks, amongst these companions, he need not worry too much about upholding etiquette. Instead of a full bow, he inclines his head in a sign of acknowledgement to the earthbender. He was assigned the position of the Earth Commander’s guard for a reason, and the raven-haired boy was evidently more experienced than his partner, who watches the exchange with a glean in his eyes and a jitter to his movements. His opponent faces him. “Sparring a firebender, huh?” He grins wickedly. The tall male does not look a thing like Kuramochi, yet Eijun cannot help but be reminded of the dangerous air that surrounds the green-haired metalbender as his fellow citizen assumes an orthodox earthbending stance. His dark brown eyes bear the same ferocious glint as his partners, and Eijun’s senses rise, alert. “This’ll be interesting.” Eijun feels a welcome rush of adrenaline course through his system, stepping a foot back and extending his arms in front of him, palms facing inwards. It had been an incredibly long time indeed, since he had last sparred with a partner. The prince returns the grin, sensing a challenge. Interesting indeed. “Likewise.” Upon Kanemaru’s signal, he attacks, unhesitant as he was taught, sending the first blast of flame across the green. The red-hot stream of fire singes the grass and is met by a tall emerging wall of earth. Eijun persists, increasing the intensity of his flame, when the ground under his feet shoots up in a sudden motion, throwing him into the air and causing him to relinquish his fire. He flips whilst in mid-air to regain his form, eyes widening as he spots a boulder hurtling towards him, a jagged chunk of earth broken from the tall fire barrier. On instinct, the firebender balls his hands into fists and jet propels himself away in one quick motion, letting the boulder fly past.Unable to remain stationary whilst in the air, Eijun alternates his four limbs as single jet propellers as he throws punches and kicks in one of his more complicated set of kata. Balls of fire shoot one after the other in the direction of the earthbender, bright spheres of flame meeting densely packed, rock solid earth, melting upon impact and falling to the ground in glowing puddles of viscous lava.As soon as his feet touch the ground, four walls of earth erupt around him, trapping him in a concrete pyramid before he has time to react. He scowls fiercely in the pitch black darkness. He would not have time to melt them away with fire. Thinking quickly, he extends two fingers on either hand, moving them in circular motions as lighting flickers from his outstretched fingertips, illuminating his little prison. In a fluid motion, he aims the lightning at opposite walls, and watches wide-eyed as the white webs across the solid earth for a split second before the entire thing explodes, blowing fragments of earth every which way. One of the flying rocks grazes his face, and quite another few strike his body as they shoot about, but Eijun concentrates on resuming his stance, senses on alert for the earthbender. This time, lighting crackles from his fingers, frenzied and wild, tendrils of white turning almost blue as they crawl up to his elbows. “Impressive,” a voice calls out from right behind him. Eijun whirls around, ready to strike, but is instead faced with one of the most extraordinary things he’s ever seen – a suit of armor composed entirely of rock. He jerks back in surprise at the intimidating structure, though lightning sparks in his wake, scintillating snakes of electric fire trailing about him. His opponent from within has his hands raised in surrender. “Okay, give, give,” he concedes, dark eyes twinkling in the only gap the armor allows for vision. Confused, Eijun lets his bending energy die down, and the structure before him crumbles into a large pile, revealing the earthbender underneath. He steps out of the dense pile easily, looking hardly winded. He grins, though the glint in his eye remains. “Lightning’s deadly, even for a spar,” he says, though he does not look the least bit scared. He gives the prince a thumbs up. “And I think I’ve seen enough. Good match, Sawamura.” The prince notes the way the other addresses him, different than before. He beams, glad that he’s managed to take a step forward in gaining new companions. “Does that mean I won?” Eijun asks. He had never halted a match before a definite victor was determined, and he resents things not being completed cleanly and properly. Though… he suspects there was a chance he may have very well lost that match, had it not ended where it did. He runs a hand through his hair, steadying his breaths. Whatever the case, a surrender indicated a default win for one’s opponent, didn’t it? He looks between Kanemaru and the dark-haired boy. Now that the exhilaration is wearing off, he feels the awe set in at the tall earthbender’s bending abilities. As expected of the imposing Commander’s bodyguard, he decides. And though somewhat ambiguous, it would certainly be an honor to hold any sort of victory against the other. The blonde mediator scratches his head. “I suppose so,” he grunts. He gives Eijun an acknowledging look before glancing over at the earthbender. “Since Sanada conceded the match.” Ah yes, it was Sanada! Eijun makes a mental note to remember the name. “The result doesn't matter,” Sanada shrugs easily, heading back to the edge of the circle. He flicks Raichi’s forehead when he walks close enough, as if to emphasize his point. “Not here, at least. The most important thing now is the training we get out of these matches.” A pang of nostalgia strikes him as Eijun thinks back to his own teachers. This was just the sort of thing that Mentor Chris would say, the man always providing him with little snippets of advice at the most opportune of times. Out of all of the prince’s various mentors, he remembers him the most, always kind but firm in his teachings, leading by example and not by force as many others did. After his training was completed a few months ago, Mentor Chris was sent to take part in the war, as were all his teachers, and that was the last he had heard of them. Heart weighing heavily in his chest, he wonders where they are now. “Yes, of course,” he finds himself agreeing. He sends the earthbender a sincere smile. “Good match.”  ---------   “The others are nice people,” Eijun whispers happily to Miyuki later, as the ten of them squeeze onto a single bison. There is not much room to move about, but they all fit rather comfortably save for Raichi, who fidgets incessantly on the prince’s other side. Eijun frowns and shuffles closer to Miyuki. After checking that everyone is safely onboard, Haruichi urges the bison off the ground and into the sky, back in the direction of the floating Air Temple. Looking around, the benders no longer appear wary of him after having trained together, even feeling comfortable enough to drop any formalities and treat him like any other fellow guard. Their acceptance of him was rather quick, though Eijun suspects that Miyuki and the others may have had a hand in convincing them of his sincerity, which he is grateful for. Miyuki turns his head, about to reply, when Haruichi’s voice speaks up from the reins. Eijun had forgotten that the airbenders had quite exceptional hearing. “Well, Aniki can come across as a little sharp at times,” he admits, throwing an apologetic glance over his shoulder. “But on the inside, he cares very much. He does not like to let his emotions show, you see.” Furuya nods. “Very deep inside.” Kuramochi snorts. “It’s troublesome, is what it is.” He jabs a thumb to the earthbenders by his side. “We get by fine without any of that hiding nonsense,” he nods to Sanada. “Don’t we?” His fellow earthbender ignores him completely, head lowered into his hands. “I really dislike flying,” the raven-haired boy mutters darkly instead, all his earlier humor absent from his voice. Eijun realizes, in slight alarm, that he may be turning the faintest shade of green. Raichi does not seem to be faring much better, if the groaning and sudden vice-like clamp on his arm is anything to go by. Eijun winces. The boy has an unforgiving grip. Wakana then leans across Kuramochi, planting a single finger to each struggling boy’s forehead in turn. A faint blue hue emits upon contact, and the boys blink dazedly, as if woken from a spell. The hand on his forearm loosens, and Eijun tries to rub his sore arm as inconspicuously as possible, while Miyuki watches on, evidently amused. Kuramochi’s eyes follow Wakana back to her place, expression properly betrayed. “If you could do that all along, why didn’t you help me?” He accuses. Wakana shrugs innocently, though a mischievous smile pulls at her lips. “Well, it was fun to see you suffer,” she laughs. Sanada smiles his thanks, the sparkle returning to his pupils, though he uses a hand to grip the parapet behind him and does not let go. “But I must say,” he begins breezily, his knuckles turning white, “in all honesty, the plan that you proposed yesterday was crazy.” He leans forward to grin at Miyuki. “Crazy, but that’s why it’s brilliant, isn’t it? They wouldn’t suspect a thing.” “Oh, don’t go inflating his ego, it’s already big enough,” Kanemaru grumbles. Due to the lack of space, his long legs are folded in front of him, shoulders hunched. It makes him look rather strange, coupled with such an indignant expression. “And Chief Rei is right, since we’re on the topic.” He frowns, thick eyebrows furrowing together. “It’s reckless, even for you, Miyuki.” Next to him, Toujou nods, head tilted in contemplation. “You are all very brave to have proposed this quest,” he says lightly, strands of light brown hair blowing about his face, the furs in his clothing moving wildly about in the wind. “But if you are successful…” he trails off, mouth agape at the possibility. “This war would finally be over,” Eijun finishes, not quite believing it himself. The benders nod silently, allowing the sheer wonder of it all to properly sink in. He can only imagine what might be running through the others’ minds at this moment, them having lived through the entirety of the war, likely having known those who perished in battle. He feels a stab of guilt at this realization, and clenches his jaw. “We will win this war,” he announces determinedly. The benders turn to him, surprised at his sudden outburst. “And I swear to set things right. No more will lose their lives.” His eyes flare in a promise. It is my duty. Across him, Toujou smiles.  A loud cackle of laughter rings in the prince’s ear, and a hard slap hits his back. Eijun lurches forward, breaking out of his rigid form, though he catches himself before he tumbles into the Water Natives across him. “Yeah! I’d like that!” Raichi’s eyes are bright, smile baring all of his teeth. The scar on his cheek curves, pink cross stark against the tanned skin. “I’ll visit you when you’re Fire Lord,” he promises, a childish light shining behind his catlike irises. Eijun wonders how old he is. “I’ll bring bananas! They’re great.” Leaning forward, Sanada raises his eyebrows in approval. Eijun notes that his hand is still attached to the edge of the carriage. “Well, look who’s starting to act like a prince now,” he chuckles. “Whatever happens, you’ve got our full support, Your Highness.” For once, Eijun doesn’t mind the formal address. He laughs, hitting Raichi’s shoulder back for good measure, though his fist screams in pain afterwards. The boy could have believably been made of the very earth he bends. “I have always been wanting to try the taste of bananas,” he reveals of the fruit native to the dense forests of the Earth Kingdom. “I have read that they are quite delicious indeed.” Kuramochi grunts. “Yeah, yeah, we can all have a great big feast once the war is over,” he cuts in, “but it all depends on what the Council decides on in two days.” He glares at the three of them. “There won’t even be a quest if they reject our proposal.” Eijun meets Wakana’s eyes just as Miyuki speaks up. “Always so negative, Kuramochi,” he tuts. His voice has a lilt to it when he continues, smirk coming through in his voice. “But I have a hunch that they will approve.” Wakana’s brown eyes are careful, not quite wanting to reveal their intentions just yet for fear of it spreading. “Miyuki’s hunches are usually right,” she says aloud instead. She addresses her next sentence to Eijun, gaze meaningful. “All we can do now is to wait and see.” “And train,” Kanemaru inputs. “Of course, that too.” “Hey, and explore!” Haruichi calls out. The bison breaks through the clouds, and the Air Temple comes into view once more. “What a waste it would be if you did not experience the beauty of our home.” Furuya nods, and Eijun takes in the view once more, ingraining it into his memory, reminding himself of what exactly he was fighting for. Not only for the sake of his own people, but for the peace of the entire world. For the beautiful homes of citizens of all Nations, for the benders possessing all the incredible abilities he witnessed today. “It is beautiful indeed.”



Chapter End Notes
Mad banter with the benders #FRIENDSHIPAnd in that vein, comment below what type of bender you'd be! I'd probs be a waterbender tbh, they seem chill enough XD


family
Chapter Notes
Hello friends! Hope you had a lovely Easter with lots of chocolate <3 I saw all your comments on the last chapter (I like how there's absolutely 0 earthbenders haha i feel y'all tbh XDXD)Anyways, enjoy this chapter!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 It was far from Haruichi’s first time in the grand meeting hall, yet there was never a single occasion in which he entered the room that failed to render him irrevocably nervous. Rather understandably, in his defense, though this time was no exception. The new friends in the guards that surround him provide some semblance of comfort in the charged atmosphere, what with the encouraging nods and smiles aimed their way from behind the backs of the stony-faced Council members. The airbender also feels daggers aimed his way from his brother’s direction, though he keeps his head lifted, purposefully ignoring the glare, and maintains the determined set of his mouth.  Chief Rei clasps her hands on the tabletop, cutting straight to the point. “Upon immediate effect,” she announces, “the Alliance will send five legions of troops to the Fire Nation camp on the Southern border, where the Fire Lord is known to currently reside. The travelling time for our troops by foot will be just short of two weeks,” she pauses, mouth pressing into a straight line. Her eyes pierce through the air. “By which time you must have successfully assassinated your target.” Assassinate. It is a weighted word indeed. The air thickens. “A fortnight from now shall welcome the arrival of the full moon,” she continues, voice reverberating through the room, “rendering waterbenders at their most powerful.” She addresses her next words to the leader of their team. “We expect you to take advantage of this favorable situation.” The air stirs as Miyuki lets out a sharp nod. “Yes, Chief.” Her eyes shift a fraction at his confirmation, from one person to the next in line. “As do we expect His Highness to take control of the situation as much as he is capable.” The prince bows low in a promise of his word. “Of course.” Commander Kataoka scowls. When he speaks, his tone is considerably more controlled at this juncture, likely due to the severity of the situation. His temper seems to have mellowed down as well, aware of the sheer commitment their approval of this mission calls for. “I want to impress upon you all that we are taking the greatest risk with this operation,” he bellows, jaw clenching. He hits a fist on the table to emphasize his point. “If you fail, we are very likely to lose this war far earlier than initially expected. There will be no other option than to surrender.” The other Council members nod solemnly as the benders stay silent. Though Haruichi could never have perceived it possible, this mission is far more perilous than the previous one, the option to abandon no longer available to them. The possibility of death far higher, the possibility of failure almost tangible. Yet from their assent, from Commander Kataoka’s words alone, he can tell that the Council is riding on the same hope as them, the tempered desperation shrouding them all. They had been expecting to lose the war, and admittedly, the position of the Alliance was nearly hopeless a month ago. Yet now, they miraculously attained an edge over the Fire Nation. The flimsiest edge, but an edge nonetheless, leaps and bounds ahead of their situation two Council meetings prior. Haruichi understood their sentiments perfectly. Right now, perhaps anything was possible. Monk Ochiai rubs his chin, the hairs of his beard tangling up. “Right,” he says. “Our troops will march at first light tomorrow,” his eyes skim across the benders, “but you five shall leave at nightfall.” Haruichi frowns. Five? It was not like Monk Ochiai to miscount. He keeps his eyes on the Council, feeling a seed of suspicion in the pit of his stomach as the air stirs, the others looking subtly around, confused. Soon enough, Chief Rei confirms his suspicions. “Wakana, you will not be joining them,” she reveals. She raises a hand to silence the protests that erupt at her words. “A female infiltrating the Fire Nation camp would not be wise. It would only hinder your efforts.” Her argument is valid, though it delivers a shock to their team nonetheless. They had worked as a cohesive team of six benders for the past month – it did not seem to sit right with any of them to simply break them apart as such. Sawamura tries to negotiate. “Though rare, female graduates of firebending schools are allowed to partake in the war efforts if they so wish,” he informs them. “It would not be completely out of place to see a female in their camp.” “That may be so, but we are infiltrating with non-firebenders as it stands,” Chief Rei says in a clipped tone, allowing no room for argument. “We would want to avoid any form of confrontation at all costs, and females would inevitably draw more attention to themselves, like it or not.” The Water Chief looks down at them, tone final. “She will not go.” Haruichi bites his tongue, unhappy, but he knows it would not be wise to argue, the Chief’s words bearing a logical truth behind them. He glances surreptitiously at Wakana from behind his bangs, and the waterbender has her jaw clenched, lips pressed together in a very straight line. “Wakana,” Chief Rei turns her ice-cold eyes on her young subordinate. The healer meets her eyes bravely. “Do I make myself very clear?” Wakana’s large brown eyes are unreadable. “Yes, Chief Rei,” she whispers. Her words, though soft, resonate through the silent room. “Good,” the Chief says, eyes softening the tiniest bit behind her glasses, though Haruichi cannot be certain. “You are dismissed. Collect your belongings, and we will see you in the courtyard at nightfall.” ----------  He feels him before he sees him, which is not strange, considering the heavy robes all the high-ranked airbenders wear. They stir the air like crazy, it is honestly difficult not to tell when they’re around. Perhaps that is the point. “Haruichi.” He had been preparing himself for this. He pauses in the middle of the hallway. “Aniki.” With no one else to bear witness, his older brother lets his scowl show through his usually impenetrable exterior. “Do you know what is at stake here?” He asks, voice hard. His nostrils flare. “Coming back from the other mission unscathed was nothing short of a miracle, Haruichi. It is highly unlikely that you will escape with your life this time around.” Haruichi says nothing. Of course he was aware of these facts, but his brother’s agitation was far from unfounded. The older had been opposed to his participation in the initial extraction mission as well. He purses his lips. “You cannot even defeat me in a spar,” Ryousuke continues, voice restrained. “How could you go there?” It is true. It is true, and yet, as he awaits an answer, the younger airbender lowers his head, takes in a deep breath and lets out a faint smile. Haruichi had always held immeasurable respect for his elder brother. How could he have not? Kominato Ryousuke was a bending prodigy from a young age, graduating top of his class and securing a widely coveted role as general not six months after he did so. Granted, warriors were running low after the onset of the war, but what his brother had achieved was still no easy feat. For the longest time, he remembers, Haruichi had wanted to be just like him. He had trained a bison companion, just as Ryousuke did, and had worked extremely hard in the academy, only graduating second in his cohort behind Furuya. To him, his Aniki had always embodied the pinnacle of success, the ultimate goal that he had strived for all his life. He had been a protective figure, a guiding figure, Haruichi’s number one role model. Little has changed from then, but over the past month, Haruichi had come to realize many things. A month ago, he had volunteered himself to the Alliance, contributing what he could to a group of benders who had embarked upon a suicidal quest. He had done what he thought was his duty, offering his services in place of his brother who was needed back home and trusted his teammates with his life, following every instruction carefully without argument. Along the way, he had seen lands in famine, seen villagers ruled by fear. He had bore witness to the effects of war firsthand, and his heart had ached for lives lost in battle, for the families that awaited soldiers who would never return. He had traveled with extremely powerful benders, all incredible in their own right, all combat-oriented warriors who had trained years for the fight that would end all this suffering and finally bring peace. And somewhere in between all that, though he cannot pinpoint exactly where, Haruichi came to understand what exactly the peace they were fighting for was. Meeting his brother’s eyes now, his resolve hardens. “I am aware of the burden of this quest, more so than ever before.” He purses his lips. “I know that I may lose my life here.” He does not let his voice falter, willing for his brother to hear the sincerity in his voice. “But I am not doing this with a doubtful heart,” he says. “I am doing this because I wish for peace more than anyone else, and I am willing to give my life for this cause.” He places a hand over his heart, clenching the shimmery fabric. “I have seen the suffering of this world, Aniki, and I will do anything to make sure that it ends here.” The older male says nothing, fists clenched by his sides. He closes his eye, conflicted. He can sense Haruichi’s resolve, clear as his own, though he is clearly unhappy about it. It is completely rational, and yet, so difficult to accept. Haruichi tries to sound brave. “I know that you are worried,” he murmurs, “but all I ask is for you to trust me. Please let me do this.” They stand in silence for a long while, regarding each other. And then Kominato Ryousuke releases a long sigh through his nose, stepping forward slowly. The layers of his robes swish elegantly along the floor, and something dissolves between them. Facing him like this, like equals, Haruichi wonders when he stopped running after his brother’s back. “I’ve been so busy, I never noticed you grow up,” the ghost of a sad smile settles upon his Aniki’s lips. He raises a hand, brushing Haruichi’s fringe out of his face and ruffling his hair fondly, slowly, as though it may be the last time. With his fringe out of his eyes, Haruichi sees the pride in his brother’s pink orbs, shining clear as the cloudless dawn. “You’ve become a fine warrior, Haruichi.”  ---------   “Whoa!” Rounding a corner, the airbender comes face to face with Prince Eijun, whose brown hair is still damp from the baths. His golden eyes grow wide at the sight of him, white towel slipping off his forearm and onto the floor in shock. “Haruichi!” the firebender gasps. He rubs his eyes, as if he might be seeing things. “What have you done to your hair?” The Air Nomad fingers his freshly cut bangs with a hand. Did it not suit him? “I was thinking that it was time for a change of image,” he smiles. “To show my resolve.” Eijun picks his towel off the floor. “Ah, I see,” a grin splits across his face. “It looks good!” Haruichi smiles his thanks. “Have you packed everything for the trip?” he asks. “Ah,” the other boy raises a finger. “I have yet to obtain a Fire Nation tunic,” he frowns. “Mine had been taken from my room for cleaning and has yet to be returned.” “Let’s get another one for you,” Haruichi says. “I have yet to get mine as well, let’s go to the garment storage together before I forget.” Eijun looks rather relieved. “Thank you,” he beams. “This place is still like a maze to me, even after three days.” Haruichi laughs, beckoning for the prince to follow him. “You are not the only one,” he admits. “It is rather difficult to navigate the hallways at first, if you cannot feel the air currents from outside. It will come with time.” He leads the prince up a flight of stairs and towards the storage rooms, when he feels a shift in the currents, unlike those the flowing robes of the Air Natives create in their wake. He slows his steps, Eijun trailing behind him curiously, though the firebender does not question him. From around a corner far ahead, two voices speak in hushed tones, though the sound carries to Haruichi’s ears just fine. “I knew it,” the first voice is saying, sounding accusatory. “You wouldn’t have been so compliant otherwise.” The other voice is a low gentle murmur that jumbles together, so Haruichi walks towards the voices, curious, but careful not to make a sound. When he recognizes the voices as Kuramochi and Wakana’s, Haruichi hastily creates a cushion of air under their feet to mask any vibrations the earthbender may pick up through the floor. Eijun stumbles in surprise, but Haruichi braces a hand on his ram to keep him steady. He places a finger to his lips, and the firebender nods. They are both close enough to decipher the conversation, and Haruichi quickly realizes what it is about. “The thing is, I actually agree with them this time, Wakana,” Kuramochi sounds a little distressed, none of his regular harshness present in his voice. “A girl would only attract unwanted attention.” “Only if it comes down to an internal fight,” Wakana argues back, stubborn. “And having a healer by your side would prove extremely beneficial. I will go with you.” “Wakana!” Haruichi imagines Kuramochi running a hand through his hair. He turns around and exchanges a glance with Eijun, who has a hand over his mouth, eyebrows furrowed in worry. “This quest is even more suicidal than before!” “And you were fine with it before. If it’s about the possibility of death, I fail to see the problem now, Kuramochi.” “But before – you – “ the earthbender sputters. Even just hearing it, it is incredibly out of character for him. “I mean…now…” Wakana sighs. “I what?” There is a beat of silence, and then the air swirls about as Kuramochi moves, possibly flailing his hands, trying to make a point. When he does speak, his voice is impossibly soft. “Now…” he trails off. The air stirs a bit more. “Now I can’t afford to lose you.” It is impossibly silent as the two eavesdroppers wait with bated breath. Suddenly Haruichi feels like he shouldn’t be listening into this particular conversation. Wakana speaks up. “If you feel like that,” she whispers, “how do you think I feel?” There is a pause wherein she takes a shaky breath. “I won't be able to sleep at night knowing that I sent you off to your death.” A tiny bit of desperation creeps its way into her voice. “At least let me go with you.” “I won’t die.” “Promise me.” A pause. “You know I can’t promise that.” There is another long silence that follows, but when Haruichi hears the first tiny sob, he knows it is time to leave. The tunics could wait till later.  ---------   “Wakana told me,” Eijun reveals to him later, after they have returned safely to the firebender’s room, “that if we failed to get their approval, we would run away and complete the mission together. All six of us.” He falls back onto the white sheets, creasing them, hands over his head and towel on his lap. Haruichi follows suit, taking up the rest of the room on Eijun’s bed. “I would have liked that.” “Right?” “Yeah.”  The prince then turns his head to him, pretty golden eyes peering into his own. “Can I ask you something?” Haruichi smiles. “You just did.” “Well, something else, then.” “Of course.” The prince swallows. “I do not have anyone back home that I miss after leaving the palace,” he reveals. A lock of dark hair falls over his eyes, and he flicks it away with a finger, shifting his head back on the soft bed to face the ceiling. “I have no living relatives but my father, and all my mentors joined the army ranks after my training had reached its completion.” Haruichi waits. “So I suppose, what I want to ask is…” Eijun takes a breath. “What is it like having family?” Haruichi feels his heart ache for the prince. He contemplates the question, wanting to answer properly. “Well,” he starts slowly, “I was fortunate to have a family that I grew up with,” he says. “Though my father was killed in the war a few years ago.” He licks his lips. “But even then… family are the people who love you unconditionally, who accept you for all your shortcomings, and who protect you from harm.” He thinks, trying to phrase it in his head. “Instead of a place,” he decides, “they are people whom you can return to, whom you can call home.” The firebender nods slowly, taking this information in. “So based on your definition, I could call all of you my family, couldn’t I? And wherever you are is my home.” Haruichi smiles. “Yes, you could. We’re family, Eijun.” It sits rather nicely on his tongue. “Family,” the prince breathes, eyes shining. “Family.” He says the word with such reverence, as if it was magical.  ---------   Tama sits comfortably on the green of the courtyard, shadowed by the night sky. He chews mournfully on a clump of hay, as if aware of the enormous task they were about to undertake, and Haruichi pets him rhythmically, encouraging him for the long flight ahead. “How’s Tama doing?” Ryousuke comes up next to him, brushing a hand through the long white fur. Haruichi smiles. “Nervous,” he admits. “I think he can sense the tension in the air.” “It is one of the unique traits of sky bison,” Ryousuke nods in understanding. He lowers his hand and turns to face Haruichi. He nods approvingly. “I see you’ve given yourself a much needed haircut.” “It was long overdue,” the younger agrees. It was strange, speaking with his brother like this. The Kominato brothers rarely held normal conversations with each other that did not pertain to either school or work. It was nice. Haruichi regretted not having done this more often. They are soon joined by the others, all once again donning the dark red tunics of the Fire Nation. He also sees that Eijun has worn his brown lenses, looking rather strange now that the airbender had been so accustomed to seeing his natural eyes. The golden was so much more beautiful. The wind is strong, and the clouds are in abundance tonight, providing them with much needed cover for their infiltration. The Council members and their guards are present, and Haruichi notices that Wakana stands beside Chief Rei, wearing the blues and browns of her Tribe. She must have been convinced to stay. The airbender steals a glance at Kuramochi, who holds her unhappy gaze with dark green eyes. “Benders,” Chief Rei calls out, and his eyes snap to her. “We thank you for your courage.” Every one of the benders bows low. “May the spirit of the Avatar watch over you kindly as you embark on this quest.” Her eyes linger on Miyuki as she says this, and the bloodbender lowers his gaze. Haruichi purses his lips. Miyuki must want the end of this war more than anyone. The other guards help them with their belongings, the easy atmosphere between them replaced by an undercurrent of unease. Sanada gives them a two-fingered salute, though his face is grim. In true earthbender fashion, he does not offer them any empty well wishes. “We’ll meet you on the other side.”



Chapter End Notes
AHHH AHHHH AHHHHHHH all the feels!!!! :')Also, do y'all think I should put the kurawaka pairing in the tags? Because it's barely there but still there if you know what I mean


red
Chapter Notes
Hello everyone ahaha wow last week was a roller coaster of feels XD this week's update is a little shorter because I'm literally dying from coursework, but all your support has been pulling me through these tough times *cries* thank you!! Hope y'all like this update, and have a lovely week ahead!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





May the spirit of the Avatar watch over you kindly as you embark on this quest.
 Miyuki slowly lifts his gaze to the night sky, only quiet snores punctuating the comforting silence. Searching. For what, he doesn’t know, but Chief Rei’s words from before had made him wonder. The universe was infinite, and there was no solid proof to what would come after death. Putting aside the uncertainty for the rest of them, it was only known that the Avatar was fated to reincarnation for the rest of time. But once the cycle had ceased, everyone had been left in a state of shock, and until now there was still no knowing what would become of its spirit once it had departed them for good.Miyuki closes his eyes, chin still tilted to the abyss above them. For the longest time, the world had been dependent on the Avatar for peace. For balance. Of course they would have, and of course the Avatar had never failed to deliver. No, it is not that, Miyuki admits to himself after a pause. It is the fact that the world had never expected a divide to arise, a symbol of peace almost becoming obsolete in our complacence.
 
It was a fact Miyuki became painfully aware of as the years passed, as his role in the military had become more and more prominent. He knew that in his early childhood, training an army was mainly for the purpose of tradition. Benders still underwent lessons at the academy, and troops were still prepared by the Tribe Chief, but it had all evolved into an act of formality more than anything. Even as a child, he had sensed the undercurrent of monotony that lined their movements, skills precise but void of any determination. Miyuki lets out a long, resigned sigh through his nose. They had taken many things for granted. In hindsight, it was inevitable that they would have been taken off guard. Especially when their tribe had been the first to be invaded, the Fire Lord’s first target being the home of the current Avatar. The memory returns fresh to his mind every so often, vivid as the day he had witnessed it. His eyebrows furrow at the memory.  It had been at the crack of dawn. He was training with his mother, as they had done every morning since they’d discovered that the young Miyuki was a waterbender. He remembers being elated with himself, having mastered the skill of hardening water to ice, and the tiny shard had fallen into the snow at his feet as he had looked up to beam at his proud mother. They had barely wrapped up before it had begun. He had been confused, seeing more suns in the sky than he had been taught in school. Yet the other suns were moving, getting closer to them, and he had not understood back then why his mother started shouting, carrying him away and alerting the Chief. The young waterbender had seen fire before, in the many little camps dotting the South Pole, but this fire was different. It did not burn with the help of firewood, instead flaring through snow, melting ice and filling the air with an uncomfortable heat unlike anything Miyuki had ever experienced before. His eyes were wide and terrified, cheeks flushing with the heat, and his mother had taken him back into their home, voice low and urgent. “No matter what happens, Kazuya,” she had said then, brown eyes clear and beautiful, “do not show them your waterbending. Do you promise me?” He had not understood, but had nodded nonetheless. His mother smiled at him, a soft, fond smile, and his Father took them both into his arms. “Good,” she whispered. “I love you both so, so much.” And no matter how many times he replays this next scene in his head, even after knowing what it had meant, the bloodbender’s hairs never fail to stand on end, a chill running down his spine. His mother’s brown eyes had glowed pure white, form radiating with power. She had placed a gentle kiss on Miyuki’s trembling forehead, and turned to leave. Miyuki had never seen her again.   Wind flowing through his hair, he opens his eyes again, met with the light of the half moon. The glow it produces reminds him of her. He looks to it. If you are indeed watching over us, he thinks into the silence, trailing off. There are too many things he wished he’d had the chance to say. 
I hope I have made you proud.
 Feeling the ghost of a lilt tug at his lips, he lowers his head when he registers a shift in weight beside him. Prince Eijun stirs, mumbling something incomprehensible in his sleep, and Miyuki’s smile turns fond, gently stroking the stray hairs off the firebender’s face. And now he was here, next to the son of the very one that killed her, on their way to restore the peace that she had been unable to. He does not blame her in the slightest for this, but fate was a funny thing. The prince was like him in so many ways, yet so extraordinarily different. They both grew up with each a single parent, immersed in training and raised to be skilled warriors. With his father working hard each day to support the both of them, Miyuki had been very much alone since the onset of the war.Yet Sawamura has never been tainted by war, smile dazzling as his fire and heart as gold as his eyes. Miyuki was not sure what he had been expecting when he first met the younger boy, but it was certainly not this. The boy was an enigma, nothing like the harsh Fire Lord spawn he had prepared himself to face, and surprising him time and time again with his earnest words and open heart. The younger boy provides him with a light he had missed for ten years, a comforting warmth to the ice he had built around himself. And though Miyuki did not yet know what to make of this, it was something that he would do anything not to relinquish again.  He is pulled out of his thoughts by the very eyes opening groggily, though now dull brown instead of startling gold. Sawamura rubs his eyes, peering at him curiously after noticing that he is awake. “What are you thinking of?” “Nothing much,” he replies softly. He pulls the boy’s head to his shoulder. “Go back to sleep, we have long till the sun rises.” Sawamura’s eyebrows crease together in worry, and he lets out a small huff, extracting himself from Miyuki’s relenting hold. “You’re lying,” he accuses, careful to keep his voice soft. “Is something wrong?” Miyuki raises an eyebrow. “Why would you think that?” The prince hesitates for a moment, unsure of how to phrase his words. “I can just tell,” he decides. It isn’t a very convincing argument at all, but his eyes speak otherwise, sincerity shining in his irises. Somehow, Miyuki doesn’t doubt him. “You can tell me anything, you know.” He reaches down to take one of Miyuki’s hands in between his own. The firebender’s skin is hot against the waterbender’s, smooth skin and slim fingers fitting snugly together in a comforting hold. A warmth spreads through his body, and Miyuki wonders if it is firebending at work, or if it is merely the simple pleasure of such a gesture.Whatever it is, it is alarming how much he had come to trust the younger in the time they had spent together, and how close they had grown. Miyuki had always prided himself on his emotional inpenetrability. But somehow, in the span of time that he and the prince had spent almost joined at the hip, he did not realize just when Sawamura had managed to defy all expectations and slip behind every defense he had put up, defenses that had kept others out for years. A small part of him wonders if he had let him. Miyuki uses his free hand to brush the prince’s hair back, before pulling the younger close. He buries his face in the firebender’s warm neck, hiding his smile. “I know,” he says simply, voice muffled. “But it’s really nothing.” Sawamura has let go of Miyuki’s hand in favor of wrapping securely around his waist. “I don’t believe you,” he decides after a while, before removing his arms and leaning against him once more, head resting comfortably against his shoulder. He tilts his head up, eyes bright in the darkness. “But alright. When you want to tell me, I’ll be right here.” And when the brown eyes close, content, Miyuki doesn’t find it so surprising that he would do anything to keep this boy by his side.  -------------   It is another day before they cross the border, landing a good few miles away from the camp before continuing their journey on foot. The flight was far shorter than the one to the Fire Nation mainland, the border leading to the South Pole a far less daunting distance away from the Southern Air Temple than the scalding lands of the Fire Nation. The five benders disembark, carrying their minimal supplies between them, and they bid farewell to their bison companion. The young Kominato pets him, sad smile on his face. “We’ll see you again soon,” he promises. “You’ve done so well.” They watch as Tama flies away, a seal of their temporary permanence here as their only method of transportation disappears into the clouds. They start walking in silence, the weight of their mission hanging over their heads, mirroring the steadily growing heat pressing upon them that is reminiscent of the mainland. The air in these parts was so dry as well, there was barely any water that could be drawn from their immediate surroundings. Miyuki purses his lips. He would need to keep himself hydrated one way or another. “Back to this heat,” Kuramochi grunts, voicing his thoughts. Sawamura looks over at the earthbender with a subtle caution that Miyuki didn’t remember from before. “You all cannot show that you are affected by this heat,” he reminds them. “Needless to say, it would be infinitely suspicious. And I must warn you in advance, the oasis villages were far cooler than where we are headed.” Kuramochi only grunts in reply. “You hear that, Miyuki?” Miyuki grins. “I reckon myself an excellent actor,” he says smoothly, gesturing to the two Air Natives. “I’d be more worried about these two. It gets quite cold at their altitude.” “Don’t worry about us,” Haruichi reassures, eyes shining confident under his newly cut fringe. “We both knew what to expect when we volunteered for this mission.” Next to him, Furuya lets out a shallow nod. “Alright then,” Sawamura nods. He turns his head towards the sun, steadily high in the sky. The light reflects off his brown irises, making them shine almost as gold as his real eyes. “Let this mission begin.”    The Fire Nation military camp comes into view not too long after, an impressive spread of blood-red tents fanning for miles across the brown earth. It is rather difficult to mask their incoming presence from whoever may have spotted them, so they simply trudge past the first tents, looking as much the part of the tired soldiers they were pretending to be.Most soldiers they pass barely spare them a second glance, probably being as tired as them, but it is not long before someone calls out to their little group. “Hey, you guys!” A voice that Miyuki cannot describe as being anything other than shrill calls out. He turns, and spots the owner of the voice making his way towards them. He is only slightly shorter than Miyuki, a platinum blonde whose hair catches the sunlight rather blindingly, and as he nears, Miyuki sees that his narrowed eyes are an electric blue. A different blue to the mellow cerulean of the Water Natives and the sky blue of Furuya’s, but Miyuki cannot help but think that this is not the first time he’d seen them. “You’ve been wandering around here for a while,” he sniffs, gaze shifting suspiciously from one face to the next. He crosses his arms, cocking his head. “Are you guys lost or something?” They exchange looks between themselves, before the waterbender steps forward. “We’re new recruits,” Miyuki speaks up, gesturing to the others with a nervous hand. He bites his lip, fiddling with the hem of his tunic. “We’ve come from the oasis villages.” The blonde seems to buy his act of timidity, and puffs out his chest in superiority. Something flashes in his eyes, too quick for even Miyuki to decipher before it is tempered down. “Ah yes, I’ve heard more of you would be coming,” he nods self importantly, and Miyuki nearly rolls his eyes at the action. He turns on his heel and waves for them to follow. “Well, come with me. I’ll take you to the supplies tent.” The five of them stay close to their guide as he weaves them through the camp in a seemingly never-ending maze of red. For the mass of tents that they see, a fair number of them appear unoccupied. Not a garishly large number, but enough to be noticeable. “With the search for the prince now underway,” the blonde boy explains, turning his head to be heard, “many of the soldiers have been dispatched to the oasis villages.” Miyuki sees a small frown mar his expression at his words. “So the fighting’s been halted for now and the camp is running thin.” The frown doesn’t leave his face as his eyes darken, and he turns back to the front to hide his expression. Behind his back, Miyuki raises an eyebrow. “Occasionally we’ll have batches of new recruits arrive here though, new blood that’ve escaped the initial screening.” A memory is triggered in Miyuki’s mind at the phrase. Initial screening. A scowl behind an explanation of lit matches against firebender skin, a memory of kata lessons and desperate green eyes. Of nasty soldiers and friendly innkeepers and a Chief with hair grey as smoke and eyes as blue as –. Something clicks in Miyuki’s brain, and he realizes where he’d seen those eyes before. The boy is still talking. “But your group is one of the larger ones I’ve seen,” he says with unconcealed interest and a flourish of a hand. “Which village do you hail from?” “It’s the village nearest the East border,” Miyuki says without missing a beat, and with satisfaction, the blonde halts his steps. Behind him, Sawamura nearly crashes into the boy’s back, but holds himself back with an uncanny grace evident from his years of training. He turns to give Miyuki a bewildered look, but Miyuki simply holds up a hand. Trust me. “Our Chief is Narumiya.” The blonde whips around to face them, lips parted and eyebrows raised, and Miyuki has to fight back his smirk. Right again, we are. “You could not possibly know us,” he lies smoothly, casting his gaze down in regret, “as we had avoided recruitment.” It was a reasonable argument. During their time in the village, Miyuki has come to realize that its community was not as tight knit as he had initially imagined. It was perfectly reasonable for the Chief’s grandson to have concentrated on his studies, and judging by his character, Miyuki suspects that he is right. Pausing for effect, he meets the young Narumiya’s eyes with as much sincerity as he can muster. “I know it is a lot to ask,” he mutters, bowing his head, “but we ask for your guidance, Narumiya.” The other benders, perplexed as they must be, play along and incline their heads to the Chief’s grandson. When they lift their heads, Miyuki sees the slow realization dawn upon each face. Fortunately, Narumiya is too stunned at the revelation to notice. He even has the decency to let a hint of embarrassment creep into his expression, which Miyuki suspects must have been something of a feat for the pompous recruit. “Of –“ he clears his throat, doing his best not to appear put off. He is failing rather miserably, though the benders all know that it is not in their best interests to say so. “Of course. I suppose you’re my responsibility now then.” He nods to himself, turning back around and continuing on his way. No longer the objects of his blue gaze, the benders of the Alliance turn to Miyuki with varying degrees of surprise. Sawamura beams and gives him a thumbs up. They scurry to keep up with Narumiya, who has by this point regained most of his composure. “Call me Mei, then,” he says breezily, character now back intact. “It sounds like you’re addressing my grandfather when you call me Narumiya. “But I’m surprised,” he admits. “I hadn’t imagined that our village would yield so many benders. With you guys, we’re at a grand total of seven now.” The benders start at his words, no one missing the implication. They exchange glances, and Sawamura, eyes wide, opens his mouth to speak. Before he can do so, Narumiya Mei slows to a stop in front of a tent far larger than the others dotting the camp. “Alright,” he says, pointing. “Get your armor and supplies from here, and we’ll have your tent next to ours.” He grins, blue eyes confident. He jabs a thumb to his chest. “Leave it to me,” he promises. “I’ll have you all settled down in no time.”



Chapter End Notes
OH HEY THERE MEI


camp
Chapter Notes
Hello everyone! This chapter is really much shorter than the others and I'm sorry for that, I've just been so so busy this week with last minute deadlines (yes I'm a serial procrastinator sue me pls) but I managed to churn this chapter out! Tell me what you think heheheheh y'all might have a lot of thoughts after this chapter, short as it is XDHope y'all have a great week ahead ~~ Don't be like me folks

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Eijun’s suspicions are proven correct the moment he pokes his head into Narumiya’s tent. “Okumura!” he cries, relief flooding into his chest. “Thank goodness you’re alright.” The lone boy’s green eyes widen with recognition as he springs to his feet in surprise. He remains in stunned silence as the rest of the benders file into the spacious tent, and his eyes slowly darken as he takes them all in. “So you did get caught in the end,” he realizes, pursing his lips. His unhappy gaze drifts to each of them in turn. “We did,” Miyuki’s voice speaks up. “It was inevitable, what with all the soldiers prowling about.” Eijun smiles ruefully, nodding in agreement. “But more importantly, we are glad to see that you have remained unharmed.” “They would not seek to maim me further once they saw that I would be a valuable asset to the army,” Okumura tells them, shaking his head. He makes a vague gesture to the interior of the tent, in which several futons have been spread out rather haphazardly. “Furthermore, I suspected that they would have been looking for more potential recruits. They always are.” Eijun frowns at the statement, anger flaring in his chest. His father’s army was already large enough compared to that of the Alliance, though the prince had only recently realized why.From his prior knowledge, he knew that every trained bender of age was eligible for recruitment, already forming a sizeable force. But he had never known that benders were recruited at every opportunity regardless of their level of training. Simply recruiting benders with no formal training to their military ranks… it was equitable to devaluing the lives of their citizens, merely using them as a human shield and guaranteeing countless avoidable deaths. It was an effective strategy, but it was heartless and made Eijun sick to his stomach. With a dulled, brown gaze, he looks to the tall, blonde boy before them, who regards them wordlessly. And the mere fact that Okumura was here…. Eijun pales. It only proved that the army, for all their written rules, did not care about age of eligibility either. He wondered how many benders in this camp alone were underage, ripped from their families and forced to serve, simply because they were born with the ability to bend flames. This was immoral on every imaginable level. He clenches his fists, knuckles turning white. Firebending was meant to be a gift. When had it turned to this?  Mei observes the exchange, eyes travelling between them. “So you do know each other,” the Chief’s grandson notes, breaking the silence. He does not sound too surprised, nodding to himself as Okumura makes a sound of assent. Stepping between them, he clasps his hands with a finality. “Well,” he announces, looking around. A slight frown mars his features. “The others in our tent have left for the search, but our tent still cannot accommodate five more,” he says, crossing his arms in contemplation. “There is a bit of space next to us for another tent,” Okumura says, and Mei’s eyes light up. “Yes! I’ll take you there.” He nods, moving to march out of the tent. On his way, he gestures to a corner in which some sacks of food are stacked. “And until you get your rations, you can share ours for now.” As the benders trudge out of the tent, Eijun lags behind the group, making as if to follow Mei out before halting in his steps and turning to his student, whose gaze remains steadily on him. “Mentor Takigawa,” Okumura bows first, and Eijun is left to jolt at the memory of his false identity. “Thank you again for your guidance,” he says, and Eijun hastily shakes his head. “No, no,” the prince holds up his hands. “I’m simply relieved to see you well.” He looks around the tent. “It could not have been easy, being thrown into the army like this.” “Narumiya has been taking good care of me,” Okumura says, though he lowers his gaze, sighing quietly through his nose. “I am lucky to have met him here.” “Those in the village have been wondering about his well-being,” Eijun remembers, nodding in agreement. “Particularly the Chief.” “Narumiya Mei had always been a talented bender.” Okumura tells him. “I believe that if there is anybody who will survive the front lines, it will be him.” Eijun lets out a small smile, and green eyes meet his own. “You have immense faith in him.” “I have to,” his student says, and then tears his gaze away. His lips draw themselves into a straight line. “He said that we would return to our village. It is the only thing that is keeping me going here.” Eijun feels his heart break a little for the boy before him. “You will return,” he says. “You will return. You have my word.” Okumura regards him warily, as if wondering why the other cares so much. “I have been practicing,” is all he responds with, and Eijun smiles.  -----------  “We’re rather fortunate that the prince is missing,” Mei says offhandedly, heaping a steaming scoop of rice into his mouth. Next to him, Furuya stares at his own bowl with a frigid gaze, willing it to cool down faster without bending the steam away. “With this, the fighting’s come to a temporary stalemate, and the generals aren’t breathing down our necks to train like they usually do.” Eijun pauses, his heart leaping into his throat at the offhanded comment. He puts down his spoon, willing his heart to calm as Kuramochi spares him a cautious glance. “Do the generals conduct checks on the soldiers?” He asks. “Does…” he lets out a cough. “Does the Fire Lord?” Mei scoffs. “Oh please. The Fire Lord’s too caught up in whatever it is that he does in his tent for disposables like us,” he sniffs in disdain. For someone who speaks so self-deprecatingly, he is certainly dignified about it. “The generals, occasionally. Never know when they’ll show up, and for the most mundane of things too.” He spoons another helping of food into his mouth and chews mournfully, waving his spoon about. “Their visit have been becoming infrequent though,” he says after he swallows, “and I suspect they won’t even bother with checking up on us now that His Highness is gone.” Mei must mistake Eijun’s look of alarm as fright, because he is quick to reassure him. “Don't worry,” he says, lobbing another fistful of flames into their little makeshift stove. As Okumura had said, he has rather good fire control. “We’ll all make it out of here alive, and we’ll return to our village together. I promise.” The fire reflects itself brightly in his blue eyes as he looks at them determinedly. Eijun spoons himself another helping of stew from the steaming pot, drenching his rice. He was finally in the camp he had longed to enter. He was a soldier of the army he had always wanted to fight for. And he was but within a few miles of his father, who was likely ready to permanently incapacitate him should he lay eyes on Eijun. This was not at all what he had imagined when he had left the palace just under a month ago. The thought did not make the prince feel very comfortable at all. And yet, he would not have it any other way.  “I hope the prince never gets found.” This time, Eijun really cannot help but choke on his food. Miyuki hits him firmly on the back as he coughs, and everyone disregards his reaction as all heads simultaneously turn to the source of the statement. Okumura does not look fazed as he continues, shrugging. “If I were the prince, I would have run away too. Imagine the life he must have led.” The benders fall into an awkward silence that is only punctuated by Mei’s brash laughter. “Now wouldn’t that be something!” The firebender snorts. “With no heir, we’d finally be free of the monarchy’s absurd rule.” He clenches his spoon enough to bend the heated metal. “This war is pointless. So many are dying.” With a loud sigh, Mei puts down his bowl and bends his spoon back into its original shape, red hot metal pliant in his fiery grasp. “Don’t tell me you all don’t think the same,” he sniffs, picking his bowl back up and throwing around accusatory glances to all of them. “We hail from the same village, but yet all the benders I have met in this camp share the same sentiments.” At his words, he clenches his jaw, and in the next second, Eijun hears his own voice speak up. “Exactly,” he bursts. Hot tears prick at his eyes at the mention of the fallen. He had been enduring it all this time, but the sheer corruption of his Nation was threatening to consume him, and the confirmation of this injustice from the citizens themselves was enough for him to snap in a way that he had been taught never to do. “This war started because of the King’s greed,” he says through his teeth. “Hundreds of thousands of warriors from all Nations have fallen, and for what? I refuse to fight for the Fire Lord!” The stove burns bright in his anger, and the benders lean away from the leaping flames. In his moment of adrenaline, the prince fumes. “The Fire Lord would be better off dead,” he hears himself saying, and promptly freezes as he realizes the intensity of his words. Despite himself, he pales. If uttered in the capital, those words alone were surmount to treason. He realizes his outburst the moment it erupts, quickly moving to correct himself, but a cold hand on his arm silences him. With wide eyes, the prince turns to look at Miyuki, who has his gaze fixed across him. Narumiya Mei’s eyebrows are raised, and his lips are parted. Next to him, Okumura is still. In the prince’s effort to calm himself, the fire dies completely, and the tent plunges into darkness. There is a moment of complete silence. And then someone moves to light the fire again, and when Eijun looks at Mei, the other firebender’s face bears a small, guarded smirk. “Is that so?” “It’s what we all think,” Miyuki speaks for him. And by this point, Eijun knows enough to tell when the waterbender is planning something. He remains quiet, still somewhat stunned by his outburst. Mei’s smirk widens into a grin, though there remains a glimmer of nervousness in his eyes behind the confident reflection of the flames. Blue eyes regard each face slowly. “We’ve only met today,” the blonde muses at last, almost to himself, “but you’ve known Okumura.” He looks to the boy next to him for confirmation, and Okumura nods. “I would trust them with my life,” he says firmly. Eijun doesn’t quite know what they are getting at, but his chest feels warm at the admittance. But of course Miyuki, ever the quick one, has it already figured out. He leans forward. “I’d be hard pressed to believe that so many soldiers with similar sentiments as you would simply stand by and let yourselves be used as pawns,” he begins. Mei’s grin widens. “Of course not,” the Chief’s grandson agrees, looking between them. Almost expectant. Kuramochi is next to speak up, the earthbender not nearly as manipulative as Miyuki, but no less as quick. “You’re planning a revolt,” he realizes quietly, and Eijun’s eyes widen to the size of saucers, pieces fitting into place. “Aren’t you?” “We are,” Mei says with a flourish of a hand. Sparks erupt from his fingertips as he does so. “And it goes without saying that we expect you to join us.” “Of course,” Miyuki says for them all, and Eijun cannot find it in himself to do much else besides nod. “You have our word.” The platinum blonde nods, satisfied. “Perfect.” He says, moving to gather the empty bowls. “Now we’ve just got to bide our time, at least until our leader returns.” Mei shoots them a triumphant grin. At the mention of a leader, the bender’s eyes turn to the Chief’s grandson, surprised, and the boy preens at the attention. “He’s a general,” the blue-eyed boy boasts, eyes shining. He holds up a finger. “One of the Fire Lord’s trusted advisors. So this isn’t just some flimsy plan that we’re dreaming up. This is serious.” Eijun starts. A general. If they worked closely in tandem with the Fire Lord, would that not mean that he would have seen them before? It was highly likely. The prince’s curiosity is peaked at this revelation, almost not daring to ask. “Who is it?” His curiosity wins out, and he hears own voice asking the question, breathed full of anticipation. “You cannot mention this to anyone,” Mei reminds them, beckoning to them. His voice lowers to a conspirational whisper as they gather closer. “He was one of Prince Eijun’s mentors,” the other boy finally reveals, face smug.In the dim firelight, Eijun is glad that they cannot see his face, feeling his expression morphing itself into one of disbelief. Impossible. “His name is General Chris.” 



Chapter End Notes
THIS WAS UNPLANNED WHAT WHAT dun dundundunalso i was like 'what the heck should i name this chapter without giving everything away' because 'revolt' is so perfect but NOO I CAN'T UGH #struggles


allies
Chapter Notes
Hey guys! Thank you so much for all your lovely comments on the last chapter (and the chapter before that, and before that, and y'know. Just all of them.) I've barely had any time to reply to them, but I WILL, and i have read each and every one of them and honestly, hearing all your thoughts on the story is just so heartwarming :') y'all are the real mvps here, keeping me motivated to continue this monster of a fic (I usually write oneshots ok so this was a huge challenge for me)With that said, see you guys next week <33333333

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Mentor Chris will recognize me at first sight,” Sawamura reveals quietly to them later, after the initial shock has worn off and the five benders have retired to their shared tent. In the dim firelight, the prince’s eyes glow a nervous amber beneath his lenses, though Miyuki detects a small shine in his pupils. “He was my closest mentor for years.” Then, in a much smaller voice, “I’m glad he’s alright.” Someone shifts in the dimness, and the shadows their bodies cast on the walls of the tent ripple like ocean waves. “It sounds like we can trust him then, but we still need to be cautious,” Haruichi’s calm voice says. “Eijun’s identity should be kept secret for fear of information reaching the wrong ears.” He pauses to bite his lower lip. “I can only imagine that gossip of any form would spread like wildfire here.” Miyuki nods. “It would be best to lie low and join forces for the time being,” he thinks aloud, “and find out all we can about the scale of this rebellion.” He furrows his eyebrows in thought. “It would certainly be advantageous for us if we would not need to fight our way out of this camp once the King has fallen.” “Even more so if we fought alongside the rebels during the revolt,” Kuramochi admits with a frown, careful to keep his voice hushed. “But they don’t have a deadline like we do. Only an army of unknown size and strength, and the bare skeleton of a plan.” He scratches his head, scowl deepening. “If this Chris guy doesn’t return soon, we’ll have to do the deed ourselves.” “And betray the rebellion’s trust in us,” Sawamura echoes the afterthought. “I suspect that, despite everything, they will not be very kind to us after that.” It was true. Mutual trust in your fellow soldiers in any sort of operation, covert or otherwise, was a common priority – the golden rule in any army. It was the first thing taught in all academies, and for good reason too. Though working for the same outcome, the rebels would most definitely not take kindly to them revealing themselves, and the benders could only guess how the fire soldiers would react upon learning of their true identities and alliance. To be successful, they required as little aggravation to their plan as possible, and this would only be an unwanted struggle. They would have to fight their way out regardless. The prince sucks in a breath. “Regardless of whether or not Mentor Chris is to return within two weeks, I suggest that we reveal our identities and intentions to Okumura and Mei,” Sawamura concludes. When four sets of eyes turn to him in incredulity, he holds his hands up, offering an explanation. “I trust them to keep our secret for as long as need be,” he reveals, “and they are trusted figures in the rebel force. Their words would hold weight, perhaps grant us the marginal trust needed to hear me speak as the prince, should this mission succeed.” Miyuki ponders this. It is a reasonable argument, if the two firebenders in question are indeed trustworthy. He has observed Okumura for a good while – the fact that he is in the rebellion is further proof of his desperation to return home, no matter the consequences. As long as they align with his best interests, Miyuki doubts that the tall, green-eyed one will be a problem. Mei, however… He does not like the Narumiya’s flamboyance very much, his constant desire for attention. And this is certainly the sort of information that would turn heads every which way. Though he is, again, part of the revolt, and that in itself is an incredibly clandestine operation. Finally, he exhales in resignation, looking up to meet large, brown eyes. “It’s your choice,” he tells the prince truthfully, holding up a hand to silence any protests. “They’re your citizens, after all.” Sawamura smiles at him through the firelight, soft and spellbinding.  -----------------  “The Fire Lord’s tent is the golden one, at the heart of the camp.” Mei tells them, taking deep breaths as he steps out of a lunge. Sun beating harshly down on them, the benders have gathered for morning training, the blonde boy having quite literally dragged them out of their tent, insisting that he teach them a thing or two about handling themselves on the battlefield. “You really can’t miss it, if you get close enough.” He then stalks over to Furuya, who is obediently stretching with the rest of their little group. The blonde crosses his arms. “Get lower into your lunge,” he scolds. “Stretch like you mean it!” The airbender lets out a small grunt before doing so, and Mei gives him a satisfied nod. “Can’t have you all being weak,” he says, swiftly transitioning into a quad stretch. “The stronger we are, the better. And it won’t be long now,” he looks around the small clearing, a patch of land that had not yet been occupied by any tents, and continues, voice dropping to a conspirational whisper. “I hear that they’ll be switching out troops soon, which means that lots of soldiers from this side of camp will be returning.” Kuramochi gets out of a stretch. “Just how big is this rebel force, anyway?” “About a hundred strong,” Mei reveals proudly. “And only getting bigger.” He pauses, scrunching his nose. “You’d expect more, but we’ve always been careful not to let the news travel too close to the middle of camp.” “Aren't you afraid that a soldier may tell on you?” Haruichi asks, but only receives a wave of a hand in dismissal of his words. “As I’ve said,” Mei punches the air in front of him, and a small ball of fire erupts from his closed fist. He lowers his stance, satisfied. “I’m quite sure most soldiers in this camp feel the same way we do, but have no means of doing anything about it. Conception of this force alone took almost a year.” “And it really helps that we’ve got our leader on our side,” Okumura adds quietly. Miyuki had almost forgotten that he was there. The tall firebender stands, wiping sweat from his brow. “Though I have never met him. He has been away ever since it was reported that the prince was missing.” “Well I suppose he is one of the only people who recognizes the prince,” Miyuki chips in, and he receives nods of agreement all around. “Another general should be taking his place soon enough, though,” Mei confirms to the group with a nod. “He’s been gone for a while. We’ll see him soon enough when he comes to see us, and he’ll coordinate the troops and our plan.” At this information, Miyuki exchanges discreet glances with Sawamura, who has been uncharacteristically silent this entire time. The prince purses his lips, adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he gulps down his nervousness. He’s been quite obviously thinking all morning about how to phrase this revelation in the mildest way possible. Their eyes meet, and the prince licks his lips. It distracts Miyuki for half a second. “Uh,” Sawamura tries, clearing his throat. He looks around for any others who may be eavesdropping and finds none. “Mei, Okumura, there is something that you should know,” he begins, and takes a breath. For an alarming moment, Miyuki thinks that he might tell them everything then and there, quite literally in broad daylight, which would be incredibly unwise. He opens his mouth to interrupt, but Sawamura brings up a hand as if to reassure him. “But we will need to mention this in private. It is quite imperative that you know this.” Mei looks puzzled. “What could be more important than training?” He looks to Okumura, who has closed off his expression once more. “Let’s get you all trained up a bit first. We haven’t much time, after all.” Okumura frowns, as if hearing this for the first time. Miyuki recalls that they had met him in the clearing, and thus the younger could not possibly have heard Mei’s ramblings as he dragged the benders awake. “Narumiya, they are very well trained,” he says in mild confusion. “They are from mainland academies.” Ah. Between arriving, settling and reuniting with the former, Miyuki had known that there was something they had forgotten to do. Mei is now squinting up at the younger boy. He places his hand on his hips. “What nonsense are you blabbing, Okumura,” he raises an eyebrow, unimpressed. “They’re from our village. They said so themselves.” Okumura turns his gaze to them as the five other benders look on in varying degrees of distress. “What? No,” his frown deepens slightly, eyebrows drawing closer together. “They travelled to our village before the raid that brought me here, merely passing by in their escape from the capital.” He looks to Sawamura as he says this, presumably looking for some kind of confirmation to his claim. To his chagrin, he is not greeted by a response. “Takigawa taught me firebending.” There is a beat of silence that follows, in which the confusion is quite tangible in the humid air. Sawamura breaks out of a reverie. “And that,” he interjects quickly, seizing the opportunity, “is actually what I was wanting to talk about.” Trying to keep his expression bright, the prince tries to sound as diplomatic as possible. To his credit, he is doing a rather impressive job. He clasps his hands together in an attempt at peacemaking, as if the whole ordeal is not entirely their fault. “Let us venture to the tent, shall we?”   The walk to the tent is enough time for everyone to break out of their stunned states. Mei is glaring at them, but his eyebrows are furrowed, still confused. Okumura is silent, lingering at the back of the trail of people trickling into the tent meant for five. Sawamura sits next to Miyuki, looking to him for support. Miyuki notes the glimmer of uncertainty that hides behind the feigned calm of his eyes, nearly unnoticeable, but present nonetheless. He gives the other’s hand a quick squeeze before releasing it, letting his fingertips trail along the back of his hand before dropping to his side. “So,” the prince starts, a little hesitantly, “what I am about to reveal to you is entirely composed of the truth. I swear upon it.” He raises his palm in an oath, and purses his lips. “Please listen to everything I have to say, and please, please promise that this information stays within the confines of this tent.” The two villagers look mystified by this point, the glare having all but faded from Mei’s expression. He cocks his head. “Alright,” he lets out slowly, eyes flickering between the five benders. “I promise. So what is it?” Next to him, Okumura simply offers a single nod of his head as a sign of agreement, which Sawamura seems satisfied with. He takes a breath. “Firstly, know that we seek to defeat the Fire Lord, same as you,” he says. “We are allies in that respect, and that will not change.” Sawamura interlaces his fingers. “But we have come here on far different terms, from lives far removed from the ones you’ve led.” He gestures to the benders of the alliance, sitting round him. “But we are not from any of the oasis villages of the Fire Nation, nor are we from the mainland.“Well,” he corrects, “I am the only one who hails from the Capital, though I would not consider myself a mainlander.” He is giving them time, Miyuki thinks. Time to think, time to absorb. Cushioning the impact of the big reveal with background information, allowing pieces of the puzzle to slot themselves in place. Waiting for one of them to understand without having to utter the words. It is a tasteful, tactical method, but it will not be enough, judging the confused expressions on the faces of the fair-haired firebenders. Miyuki can see the gears turning in their heads though, and sees clouded confusion slowly give way to unbelieving apprehension, to tense nervousness. A few more nudges should do the trick. “All of us hail from vastly different backgrounds, yet we are here, bearing much weight on our shoulders, for the sake of world peace. We travelled far and wide, across borders, across Nations.” It works. And Mei, for all his flamboyance, seems to get it first. “You’re from the Alliance.” A simple statement, no adornments, accompanied by a wide-eyed glance that travels from face to face. Electric blue eyes scan their faces for any sign of trickery, for the slightest gleam of laughter behind serious pupils. “You were sent here to take the Fire Lord down.” Sawamura nods, and Miyuki smirks. Kuramochi grunts in affirmation, and the two airbenders exchange glances.  “But a firebender in the Alliance?” Okumura asks, cautious. His expression is dark, still not quite believing, as he looks directly at the prince. “How?” Sawamura turns to Miyuki, and the waterbender gives him a slight nod. Looking around at the others, he starts to raise his hands to his eyes as the other two watch in apprehension.  “Alright, everybody out!” A voice hollers, interrupting them, and the benders in the tent all jump about a foot each into the air. Turning his head to the wall of the tent, Miyuki sees a figure moving about outside, weaving between tents and shouting the same message at two-second intervals. “The generals are here, get into your lines!”  ------------ Outside, soldiers are milling about in all directions, clearly disoriented by the sudden order. It takes a good few minutes for everyone to be lined up, and right on time, two generals emerge on horseback from between two of the tents. Miyuki wonders just how they’d managed to navigate horses through the mess of a maze the camps were. Next to him, Sawamura stiffens so harshly that he stumbles over his own feet. Miyuki grabs his arm to avoid the other planting himself face first into the hard earth. Miyuki’s suspicion is confirmed when the prince turns to him, pupils blown wide with equal parts excitement and panic. His eyes flicker to one of the generals. “Mentor Chris,” he hisses. The water bender follows his gaze, keeping his voice low. His jaw clenches, heart rate picking up, and Kuramochi turns to him sharply. Miyuki mouths the word Later. “Do you know the other one?” He is promptly relieved when the other shakes his head. The two firebenders stand behind them in line, still reeling from the revelation, but having regained their bearings enough to stand at attention like the other dozens of soldiers as the generals dismount and from their horses and start moving down the lines. “They usually just skim over us,” Okumura murmurs to them when the generals are turned away. “Checking that everyone is healthy and in fighting shape.” “If not, just do whatever they tell you,” Mei adds under his breath. He looks rather disgruntled. “Just don’t cause a scene.” Well, Miyuki thinks somberly, we’ll try. He thanks his lucky stars that it is General Chris, of all people. He wondered when he must have returned. Very recently, it seems, judging by his dirtied armor and empty supplies satchel. He might have even come straight here upon arrival. Miyuki eyes the general’s worn out horse, mane shaggy and horseshoes thinning. The possibility was becoming increasingly likely. It is shorter than he expected when he is face to face with the general himself. Just their luck, having Chris inspect their row and not the other General, the one who was unacquainted with the prince, who Miyuki is quite sure is trying his very best not to tremble beside him. General Chris has chiseled, handsome features, warm, albeit tired eyes, and wavy brown hair that falls across his forehead, having been blown every which way by the winds when riding his horse. He nods at Miyuki before moving on to Sawamura, who adopts a regal, dignified posture, though his head is lowered to the ground. Not unexpectedly, the general stops in his tracks. Miyuki cannot fathom his expression, which is turned away from the waterbender’s line of vision. He pauses for a good five seconds, in which heads start to turn, confused at the pause. Sawamura’s gaze remains resolutely attached to the earth at his feet. Gathering himself, the general moves again, but comes to a pause in front of his former student. “Raise your head, boy,” he says. His voice is gentle, welcoming. It is not the tone of a general. It is the tone of a mentor, a teacher. Sawamura does so, eyes flitting up to meet the same brown shade of his mentor’s, and their gazes meet for a fleeting moment. Something passes between them, and Chris’s eyes widen for shortest of moments before his expression schools itself back into one of casual indifference. And then the moment is over, just as quick as it started, and Chris is nodding, moving on. Sawamura purses his lips. The smile he offers Miyuki this time is sad, but no less breathtaking. 



Chapter End Notes
This chapter's admittedly not as eventful as some of the others have been, but hope y'all enjoyed it~~ ^_^


meeting
Chapter Notes
Happy Belated Birthday to our one and only ray of sunshine <33333 WE ALL LOVE YOU VERY MUCH AND YOU DESERVE THE WORLDOn another note, hello to everyone! Hope y'all have survived the week in one piece ^_^ here's another chapter, enjoy~~

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Eijun brings his hands away from his eyes, and in his palms sit two neat, brown circles of soft glass. He closes his hands into loose fists over the heated lenses and slowly raises his head, heart beating fast with anxiety. Across him, Okumura and Mei are very, very still.The fire illuminating the tent crackles between them, dancing in their black pupils, cool colored irises growing wide. And then suddenly there is a flash of movement, and Mei is grabbing the front of his tunic, yanking him upwards. Eijun vaguely registers the rest of his friends lunging forward to subdue the blonde firebender as he starts shaking the prince by the collar of his uniform. “Explain this!” Mei demands, eyes wide, before five sets of hands pry him off and away from Eijun, who has frozen in shock. Okumura places a hand on Mei’s shoulder, and the Chief’s grandson seems to realize where he is, and promptly lowers his volume. His hands do not stop shaking as he lowers himself back to his place across the benders. Next to him, Okumura looks to Eijun, astonished, the expression out of place on his usually stoic features. His mouth moves, forming words, though he utters no sound. “Explain this.” The prince purses his lips, swallowing in an attempt to buy time. He takes a deep breath. “I…” He does not know where to begin. What could he possibly say to the citizens who loathe his family? “A month ago, I ran away from the palace and joined the alliance.” It was a heavily condensed explanation, but Eijun did not feel like once again revealing his previous utter lack of knowledge, nor did he particularly wish to recount his entire journey of growth to these two villagers, throwing himself again into the haze of confusion and emotional trauma it had given him. This much was enough for them to understand. “I could not stand the current Fire Lord’s rule, and they would not have me leave the palace. I was as good as imprisoned.” Sparing a glance to the villagers in question, he sees that Mei has fallen silent, the blue-eyed boy gone still once more, listening intently to his words, gaze piercing. Eijun reckons it a good sign, and continues. “Father wants me as a figurehead, someone who will simply continue the royal line,” he says bitterly, looking down to his lenses once more. “He never bore any interest in me as anything more as an extension of his greed. I barely know him.” Closing his fists once more, he looks to the two firebenders.“I have come to set things right.” He says quietly, hoping that they can hear the sincerity in his words. “Once my father is defeated, I will call off this war. You have my word.” He watches with bated breath as the two boys exchange muted glances. It is a long time before anyone dares say anything, the suspense palpable in the air. It is almost too long before Mei runs a hand over his face. “What,” he finally says, voice flat. “What even. I can’t believe this. This is crazy.” Eijun’s gaze softens. Isn’t that what they had all thought at first. Crazy indeed. “Crazy indeed,” a quiet voice echoes his thoughts. Glancing up, he meets the eyes of his student, seated neatly beside Mei. It seems like an eternity ago, when he had taught the younger. “And yet the evidence is here, before our very eyes.” Okumura shifts, though his eyes do not leave Eijun’s. He inclines his head in respect. “Your Highness.”                               “It’s Eijun,” Eijun murmurs hastily, lifting his hands. “Or…” He licks his lips uncertainly. “Or Takigawa. It would be in everyone’s best interests not to address me by name whist we are staying here.” While Okumura nods, Mei does not look very pacified. “Wait,” he says, still struggling to absorb the revelation. He looks rather strained, in fact, having much to say but not knowing where to start. “So you had glass in your eyes this whole time?” He settles on dubiously. His gaze flicks between Eijun’s eyes and his cupped hands, in which his lenses have long cooled and hardened. “Wasn’t it painful?” Eijun blinks at the odd question. “It was at first,” he admits, thumbing the smooth surface of the glass absentmindedly. “Though one gets used to it.” Mei frowns, tearing his eyes away from the lenses and settling upon Eijun’s eyes. “But why are you telling us this?” He crosses his arms protectively over his chest, as if there is a secret they are still withholding from him. The prince does not blame him for feeling that way. He looks to the others warily, gaze drifting between benders of the other nations. “And if you’re not Fire Nation….” He trails off, leaving the rest of his question unfinished. His eyebrows furrow closer together as he scrutinizes their appearances, seeming to register the fairer skin, the strange eye colors, the subtly foreign mannerisms. He lapses into thought, and Miyuki continues for him. “We are not Fire Nation,” the waterbender agrees softly, “though where we hail from will become clear with time.” He holds his palms to the sky in a gesture of peace. “For now, we are all on the same side. The side of peace.” He looks to Eijun, who nods in confirmation. “We strive for the same goal,” the prince says earnestly. He offers a smile. “I think that is reason enough for us to trust you.”   Mei tilts his head back and pinches the bridge of his nose. He stays that way for a while, whilst Okumura simply lets his eyes drift between them, undoubtedly taking everything into stride. The boy had always been admirably adaptable. Mei does not move from his position when he speaks. “I hate that this makes so much sense.” He removes his hand and lets out a long, insufferable sigh that lasts impressively long. “Especially with all the events that have transpired over the past few days…. I hate it.” He then looks straight at Eijun, raising an eyebrow. “I’m assuming you recognized General Chris, then.” A warmth floods Eijun’s chest when he hears the name. “Indeed.” A pause. “So he must’ve recognized you too.” “He did,” Kuramochi confirms, and two sets of confused eyes turn to him. “Was incredibly shocked too, the poor guy. His heart was pounding like crazy, it was hard to ignore.” Having grown up in a travellers’ village, the firebenders’ lips part in mild realization. “Well,” Mei continues smoothly, “he’s likely to come tonight, seeing as how he was here today.” He turns his attention back to the prince. “I’m sure you’ll have much to discuss.” Eijun bites his lip absently, and the corner of his lip quirks up despite himself once he realizes that he has done so. In the month he had spent away from the palace, he had already picked up so many bad habits that would have earned him earfuls of lectures were he back there. Amusedly, he wonders how Chris would take to that. Heating his hands, he moves to place the lenses back over his golden eyes. “I’m sure we will.”  -------------  Sitting by their little fire in their companions’ tent that night, Eijun is nervous, to say the least. The seven figures are seated rather forlornly, the others waiting with apprehension, though none quite as strong as the fidgeting firebender’s. The prince’s brown eyes dart about surreptitiously. “Are you absolutely sure that he will come tonight?” Eijun asks once more, loud whisper punctuating the terse silence. He is aware that he is perhaps coming across as overbearing, but the prince really cannot help it. Anxiety gnaws away at his stomach with every passing second, and his heart clenches in his chest. He looks to Kuramochi. “Is anyone coming?” The earthbender spares him a halfhearted glare. “There are people prowling all around this camp,” he grumbles, though he places a hand on the floor of the tent for further confirmation. “Can’t possibly tell which is him.” “He’s coming,” Mei insists, frowning at them. He crosses his arms stubbornly across his chest, pressing his lips together. “You saw him today. He wouldn’t do that if he weren’t planning on showing up.” Eijun suppressed a frustrated sigh. Patience is of essence, Mentor Chris used to tell him. He remembers it being one of the hardest concepts to grasp, the prospect of staying still and doing nothing extremely unappealing to the active child. The memories come flooding back to him as they wait, of fidgety meditations and boring hours spent doing nothing but breathing exercises. He hated them, but he would come to find that they would prove immeasurably valuable in keeping his mind clear. Remembering those sessions, Eijun slowly calms his breathing as he swallows back a retort. They lapse back into silence.  His efforts are rewarded when, an eternity later, Kuramochi’s head snaps up. Startled, Mei jerks, before the boy clears his throat and composes himself.“There’s someone headed straight for our tent.” Eijun’s calmed heart works itself right back up again as someone speaks up. “Is it Chris?” Kuramochi shrugs. “Hell if I know,” he grunts, though his palms remain firmly planted on the ground. His green eyes flicker to the flap of the tent. “See for yourself, why don'tcha.”  He nods to the entrance just as a new shadow seeps into existence, silhouette dark against the red of the tent. From outside, the shadow raises a hand in greeting, and Mei flares their fire brighter in response. Recognizing the cue, the figure slips into their tent in one smooth motion, and Eijun straightens where he sits in an instinctive motion. The prince watches, as if in slow motion, as his mentor’s gaze drifts across the tent, regarding each new face with painstaking care, before finally sliding past Miyuki’s and settling on his own. The same recognition from earlier that day flashes in his warm eyes, coupled with the faintest hint of alarm. For half a second, his expression is one of pure shock, before he hurriedly schools itself into one of casual confusion. “Mei,” he begins, voice mild. “I see you have brought new friends.” Eijun lets out a small frown, uncomprehending the careful reaction, before realization dawns upon him in the next second. Mentor Chris does not know who these people with him are. He does not know that they are from the Alliance, nor is he aware of Eijun’s new allegiance. He likely thinks that Eijun is here for the reason he had initially intended – to simply join the army and fight alongside his father. It is no wonder the man is being so careful. He assumes himself the only one present aware of Eijun’s true identity. No, that is not merely it, Eijun thinks. With a sickening lurch to his stomach, the prince realizes if he were here under different circumstances, with only his misguided knowledge of the war and simply that of the revolt, he would have ratted his mentor out in a second. He would have felt terrible about it, but he would have reckoned it the right thing to do, and Mentor Chris knows him well enough to know that that is exactly what he expects Eijun to do right then. He is horrified at the prospect. So much has changed in such a short time. “Mentor Chris,” he starts, and watches as Chris’s eyes dart to him, and then to the others, uneasiness shining behind dark pupils. “It’s alright.” He licks his lips, not knowing how to phrase himself. He locks eyes with his mentor once more. “It’s alright,” he repeats, nodding. This is the least eloquent he has been in a long time. “They know.”He takes a deep breath, and Mentor Chris must recognize the sincerity in his eyes, because his expression softens in understanding. “A lot of things have changed, and I…” Eijun gives him a tiny smile. “I have changed as well. I have much to tell you.”   Chris has always been an exceptional listener, one of the only mentors who could endure the brash prince’s endless chatter before he’d mellowed down into maturity. This time is no exception, warm fire burning steadily between them as the prince starts from the beginning, because Chris deserves nothing if not the entire story, no matter how long it may take. There is a comforting familiarity in having him here, the man that had stood by him for so long, and Eijun finds himself clinging to Mentor Chris’s strong presence, voice soft and full of wonder as he recounts tales of secret passages, flying bison and oasis villages, gestures with shaky hands to his student and the Chief’s grandson, to the alliance benders who introduce themselves with respectful murmurs. Of the Avatar, and of his new allegiance. His heart is heavy in his chest as he pushes on, speaking of the sweeping white marble and impossibly green fields of the Air Nation, of the Council leaders and of the quest they had chosen to undertake, of their two week deadline and the alliance troops marching towards them as they speak. Mei and Okumura’s mouths fall open as he continues, dumbfounded expressions identical under sun bleached hair, and he barely registers the benders beside him nodding faintly in agreement as he talks. Chris, while having sat quietly the entire time, has also always been exceptionally observant, and he does not miss the way Eijun’s hand naturally seeks the waterbender’s cool fingers after he has finished, slender hands enveloped in a calm, steady grip. “But what I cannot understand,” Eijun purses his lips, eyebrows furrowing, “is why all this information was kept from me.” He looks up at his favorite mentor, and his eyes are sad. “I was living a lie, and I hadn’t the faintest clue.” At this, Chris’s form sags the slightest bit, but enough to notice. “It was His Majesty’s order,” he reveals bitterly. The general presses his lips into a thin line. “I did not approve of it in the slightest, but we were forbidden from saying anything of the sort to you,” he gestures to Eijun’s seated form, “for fear that you may retaliate as you have done now. Disobeying was surmount to treason against the monarchy.” Eijun scoffs at the mention of his father, gaze hardening. He is well aware of the punishments dealt for treason. “Well, his fears were right on the mark,” he mutters darkly. “How could I have ever supported this tyranny?” He curls his hands into fists. “I will take him down, and set the world right again.” Mentor Chris nods, well aware of the prince’s values. A gleam of pride shines in his eye. “And that is why you join us.” “More specifically,” a new voice speaks up. Eijun turns to his side in surprise, where Miyuki has a faint smirk in place. The waterbender holds up a hand, palm up, to Chris. “It is you who is joining hands with the Alliance, is it not, General?” When all eyes turn to him, he continues. “As mentioned,” he says quietly, just loud enough to be heard, “we have our own army marching towards this camp as we speak. They will arrive in just over a week, by which time we must have assassinated the King.” He looks around to ensure that his words have been absorbed by all before continuing. He purses his lips. “They will support us should the need arise, should Sawamura fail to assume order within the ensuing chaos.” His next words address the three firebenders across him, brown eyes clear behind black frames. “Our goals are aligned. Should you join us, our quests could very well succeed. We will end this war.” A moment of stunned silence passes, and Mentor Chris lets out a small chuckle despite himself. “You are certainly a character,” he observes appreciatively. His gaze drifts between Eijun and Miyuki, before slowly rising to his feet. “I will return,” he promises, looking between them, committing faces to memory. “Suspicions may arise if I stay any longer, but I will spread news of this date a week from now. Your army with our soldiers will form a force to be reckoned with.”His gaze slows in its movement, and his eyes lock onto Eijun’s just as he is about to step out. He pauses, something flickering in his eyes. “Though it is imperative that the deed be done,” he says, almost in a private reminder to the prince. “The cost for failure will be insurmountable for all of us.” Unwelcome memories drift to the forefront of Eijun’s mind at the reminder. He clenches his jaw. “Of that I am well aware,” he says out loud, meeting his mentor’s gaze with a hard one of his own. The threat looms over him like a dark cloud.
He will take my eye out.
 Chris nods once, satisfied with his determination. And then in one smooth movement, he is gone, tent flap fluttering in his wake.  



Chapter End Notes
*\(^o^)/*


faith
Chapter Notes
Ahh so sorry for the late update! I was sick all week and couldn't get down to writing, it was horrible T.T I literally finished this just now, but I'm so glad I made it for today phew~~With that said, I'm doing my very very best to update every Tuesday for you guys, but I'm sorry if it is a little late! I've got so much to do it's not even a joke ahhh *cries* If i'll be late I'll try and say it in one of my replies to your comments! Anyways guys, thank you so so much for reading and I can't believe we've reached 20 chapters already?? This is insane guys. This is literally longer than all of my other fics combined :O And yeah! I wouldn't have made it this far without all your support because I am a serial procrastinator by nature (if you couldn't already tell) and I would've given up long ago if it wasn't for all of your sweet and encouraging words! So THANK YOU Y'ALL BE THE REAL MVPS HEREAlso, I don't know where in the world you guys may be, but wherever you live, hope y'all are safe <33

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Tomorrow marks the night of the full moon,” Miyuki whispers in the dark. The night sky spreads vast above him, moonlight illuminating the scatter of tents as far as the eye can see. There is not a soul out at this late hour, fires long put out and snores punctuating the still air. “Are you ready?” Next to him, Prince Eijun nods, hand clasped tightly in his as they stroll side by side. His lips form a thin line as his eyes shine in determination. “I have to be,” he says. “That’s not what I asked.” When Eijun turns to him, he stops walking, tugging on the younger’s hand and turning the boy to face him. Miyuki searches his face, at the dignified set of the refined features. And if he looked close enough, the waterbender could spot flecks of gold in his eyes that even those horrible lenses could not conceal. “It’s alright to be scared, you know,” he tells the other quietly. It appears he is right on the mark once more. At his words, the firebender’s lower lip starts to quiver, and he bites down on it fiercely, unwilling to show weakness. He takes in a shaky breath and looks down to the ground for a long moment. Head still to the ground, he starts speaking. His voice is the smallest Miyuki’s ever heard it. “This deed to be done tomorrow… I have always known the enormous responsibility it entails.” When he lifts his head, the bravado has slipped from his expression. “But the sheer scale of it is frightening. What if –” he stops himself, eyes drifting to the tents around them, and his voice lowers even more, barely shaking. “If I fail, we are all likely to die, Miyuki. I am excellent at speaking, at convincing others of my success, but I do not even harbor full faith in myself.” The prince slowly raises his free hand between them, palm to the sky. His fingers are trembling, and his expression cracks, revealing one underneath that is so heart wrenchingly deprecating. “My abilities have never seen true battle, not like the rest of you have. Truth be told, I haven’t the slightest clue how I may fare tomorrow.” Miyuki takes the open hand with his own free one, calming the tremors with his firm grip. “Eijun,” he murmurs. “Look at me.” He holds the firebender’s gaze with his own, rubbing soothing circles on the backs of both warm hands. “Do not discredit yourself. You are far stronger than you think. None of us have any doubts of your capabilities.” He searches the brown eyes, fear desperately tempered behind glassy lenses. “But that is not why we trust you.“We trust you because you have something that your father doesn’t, and that is a heart as gold as your eyes. That is what will make you a great ruler, and that why, no matter what outcome may transpire tomorrow, we will be fighting with you with everything we have.”A single tear traces itself down the prince’s cheek, and falls down to the dry earth below. “You have my word.” Eijun shuts his eyes tightly together, though glimmering tears still leak from them, Miyuki unclasping one of their joined hands to gently swipe them away with a thumb, before cupping his cheek. They stay there for a while, unhurried, as the prince lets out a quiet sniff, breaths shaky. Slowly, his free hand comes up to circle Miyuki’s waist as he steps close, and Miyuki can see droplets clinging to his lashes as they flutter closed. Their lips lock in a silent promise, heart achingly sweet and filled with hope, and Miyuki allows himself to believe.  -----------  There is a jittery atmosphere hanging over them at dinner that night, an unspoken unease of the task ahead weighing upon the benders as they munch on their stew, eating but not really savoring. Haruichi glances at the prince, who has barely touched his food. “Are you alright, Eijun?” “Huh? Oh,” Eijun carefully spoons another helping of rice into his mouth. He chews slowly and swallows before replying. “A little anxious, is all,” he admits truthfully, hand absentmindedly raised to gently rub an eye. “Is it because he is your father?” Eijun frowns at this, not having expected the question. He scowls harshly into his bowl, stirring at the contents of his meal, contemplating his reply. “It is precisely because he is my father that I must do this,” he finally reveals. The firebender clenches a fist. “The Fire Lord is a selfish, cold blooded murderer,” he bites out, “and I am fully aware that two wrongs will not make a right… but if this is what has to be done to free this nation – and the world – from his oppression, then I will stop at nothing to get it done.” “It is what has to be done,” Okumura echoes the sentiment, putting down his bowl. His eyes flicker to Eijun, who gazes into the fire. Kuramochi is second to finish his meal. “Well, with Sozin’s comet just around the corner, we were all already set to die anyways,” he grunts bitterly, reiterating the inevitable truth. “It’s really nothing short of a miracle that we’ve got this chance.” Eijun nods at this fact, expression softening in realization before cracking the tiniest of rueful smiles. “I only wanted to take part in this war,” he remembers softly, firelight reflected enchantingly in his eyes. “I never thought I’d end up fighting for the other side.” “Yeah. Well, finish your food or you won’t be able to fight at all,” Mei nags, waving his spoon at him. Within the time they had spent together, Mei had become something of a bossy mother figure to the younger firebender, the Chief’s grandson rather relishing in the fact that he is able to order the prince around. His blue eyes are orange in the firelight when they meet Miyuki’s. “It won’t be long now.” -- Chris meets them a ways away from their tent, full moon risen high in the cloudless sky. Miyuki feels the force of its power, senses alert and bending energy running down to the tips of his fingers. The mentor and his ex student share a private glance, and Miyuki closes his eyes. He spreads his senses, making himself aware of the blood flow through the veins of the others benders. Feeling, but never grasping. It is dark and silent, but contrary to the previous night, there are dozens of soldiers awake in the shadows, blood running hot and frenzied through firebender veins in every direction he searches, dispatched by Chris and restless, ready for action. He is aware that they have all been briefed by the general, the waterbender having seen the broad shouldered figure more often than not around the camp during the past week.But witnessing the magnitude of the rebel force for himself, he realizes that it is quite stunning, as he walks softly alongside the others, Chris leading them to the heart of the camp. It is remarkable how they’d manage to gather such a sizeable force, notwithstanding the covertness of the operation, with minimal speculation from their superiors. Given the little care soldiers here are subject to, it is not a staggering revelation, but impressive nonetheless. “We have quite luckily chanced upon a few more last minute recruits since we previously met,” Chris says quietly to them as they walk. It is difficult to see his expression in the dark. “Their abilities are quite extraordinary. They have gone on ahead.” Mei looks alarmed at that. “Can we trust such last minute recruits?” Chris looks over his shoulder to address the wide-eyed firebender. “They have proven their allegiance to the cause,” he tells him lightly, “just as you have.” He turns to weave around a tent, and the benders follow, careful not to wake whoever may be slumbering inside. “At this juncture, it would do us well to have faith in anyone who proves themselves valuable assets to our cause.” Mei does not look pacified at this new information, but doesn’t seek to argue with Chris, which is probably the right course of action for him.  The Fire Lord’s tent gleams gold in the silvery moonlight as it peeks into view, the tip of the imposing structure beckoning to them even from their distance. Glancing to Eijun on instinct, Miyuki sees the prince’s brown eyes flicker nervously. Wordlessly, he takes the prince’s hand in his, and the group makes their way through the last stretch of tents to the golden residence of the Fire Lord.   “He’s alone,” Kuramochi reports in a low voice. The massive tent has been given a wide berth, and the benders find themselves crouched behind one of the many tents along its circumference. “Though that’s not counting the four guards outside the entrance.” “Is he awake?” Eijun asks, eyebrows furrowed. “Seems so.” A pause. “He’s pacing around.” Eijun purses his lips. He tightens his hand around Miyuki’s, eyes trained on the tent. “Alright,” he says. “Draw the guards away as per the plan. Give me ten minutes in there.” “Ten minutes is all you can get,” Kuramochi grunts, face grim. He pauses. “Five if he starts hollering, but let’s be optimistic here.” “Right.” Eijun releases Miyuki’s hand to remove his lenses. When they have left the surface of his eyes, the red hot shards of glass are discarded onto the ground, faint glow leaving them as they are left to cool. It is almost surreal, almost symbolic, as if to fully accept his identity, the frightened prince no longer looking through the eyes of a villager. Ready to step into the role he was born for. “There is no more need for these.” Chris smiles, kind eyes glinting with pride. His eyes meet Miyuki’s, and a moment of silent understanding passes between them. In a spilt second, Miyuki sees the general who knows the prince even better than he does, of the mentor who had raised Eijun to be as kind and gracious as he became, as righteous and as noble. Chris was more of a father to the prince than the man in the tent ever was.“Kuramochi, if you will.”  The earthbender cracks half of a crooked grin, despite the circumstances. “It’s not a real earthquake,” he reminds them. “A real one would cause a lot more damage than we’d like.” He addresses his next words to the prince, whose eyes glow gold in the dark. “This tremor simply ought to draw the guards away for a while,” he jerks his chin to the tent. “But you have to get in there before he comes out to check on the situation. We’ll take care of the situation outside.” The prince’s jaw clenches with determination. He looks around at each one of them, drinking in their presence. His eyes slowly move past Mei’s, Okumura’s, Furuya and Haruichi’s, Kuramochi’s, and stop on Chris’s for a long time before finally drifting to Miyuki’s.As always, his eyes are beautiful. “Thank you,” he says to them. It is a simple statement, but the way he looks at them, the way he says it, holds such weight, such power, that the benders know exactly what he conveys in those two words. Gratitude, love, hope. Faith. Kuramochi grins. He raises his hand in a little salute. “Seeya later, Sawamura.” At his last word, he spins on his heel and slams a fist into the ground.The earth starts rumbling violently, and like a streak of his own lightning, the prince dashes for his Father’s tent.



Chapter End Notes
Hope you liked this chapter! It was short but I think a lot happened ahahah


royalty
Chapter Notes
Hello! First off, I'd love to thank you for all of your supportive comments on the last chapter, they really mean so much to me <3 I just feel so loved tbh, and to all the people that say it's alright to be a little late with my updates, thank you so so much for your kind words, I'll still try to update every week but if I don't thank you for understanding <333With all that said, I feel like this story will be coming to an end real soon T.T I know I said that quite a few chapters ago, but I think it's real this time ahahaha, this chapter is one I'd been envisioning for a long time..In any case, thank you for reading this far, I can't believe how much this story has grown! I started this in the New Year and it's almost June, this is crazy XD Once again, couldn't have done it without all of you guys <3 much love!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Eijun had not seen his father in years. Not since the Fire Lord had left the palace more than a decade ago, encased in golden armor and with burly generals flanking both his shoulders. He had looked regal then, untouchable. Vastly intimidating, as he had always been. For the longest time, he had been Eijun’s idol, someone to be admired. A man who he was told fought bravely and justly, always putting his people before himself. Eijun had strived all his life to become just like the image of the man that was projected upon him. The man he faces now is not someone from his memory. His eyes, though the same gold as his own, are cold and calculating, ruthless and full of malice. His once dark hair is greying and his wrinkles have become more pronounced. The golden silk of his nightclothes drapes from his tall frame where he stands, the King clearly not dressed for battle.It is strange, Eijun thinks, that he harbors no prior recollection of the man before him ever sparing him as much as a glance, though now the prince has only this cruel scowl to add to memory. The ground is shaking, ornaments rattling off polished tabletops and lavish tapestries fluttering wildly, the Fire Lord’s tent boasting an obvious display of affluence that Eijun finds sickening in comparison to the villagers’ humble quarters. There is shouting in the distance, becoming rowdier by the second as more soldiers are jolted awake by the tremors. But in the midst of the chaos, both men are still. His father regards him not unlike the way Eijun would regard a housefly perched on his breakfast. His eyes are narrowed in a sharp scowl, and when he bares his teeth in a feral snarl, Eijun clenches his fists. There is a bitter taste in his mouth as bile rises up his throat. I do not actually know this person at all. His father is first to speak. “Boy,” he hisses, voice seething. He is quite a few good feet away from Eijun, yet can still be heard perfectly over the noise. His gold eyes flash murderously, the man raising himself to his full height as he ignores the quaking, letting his generals outside deal with that problem for the time being. He bites each word out slowly between clenched teeth, expression growing harder with each passing second. “What exactly do you think you are doing here?” Something in Eijun snaps, and anger runs hot and unbearable in his chest. He does not grace the man with a response to his question. “You monster,” he growls, eyes flashing. He raises a shaking finger, an impossibly rude gesture to a superior of any kind, but Eijun didn’t care in the slightest. If possible, his father’s eyes narrow even further, realizing something amiss. “If you hadn't started this useless war, thousands of benders would be safe in their homes, without fear of death each passing day. Do you know how many families line the gates of the Capital awaiting the return of their loved ones?” He takes a shaky breath, raising his voice. “And for what?” He cries. “Your own selfish greed! You had the truth kept from me all this time!” With a blade of fire, the man lacerates a billowing tapestry threatening to fall, expression downright murderous. Fire crackles from the tear. “You would have meddled, as you are now,” he sneers, calm façade completely falling away at the blatant declaration of betrayal. “Your purpose was merely to sit quietly on the throne and continue the bloodline. Though you appear incapable of even that much.” “I do wish to be the Fire Lord one day,” Eijun bites out accusingly, tone hard. “But I would not wish to be the Fire Lord if much of the land of my lordship is forcefully stolen from innocent people. This is tyranny.” “Then we clearly do not share the same beliefs.” The Fire Lord’s tone is steely. The burning tapestry falls to the ground, and a few throw pillows catch fire, flames licking at the satin. Neither of them notice. When their eyes meet, Eijun sees a spike of something wild in his father’s pupils. It is almost akin to a gleam of madness. “It is regrettable,” the King hisses, “but perhaps change is necessary. Alas, there is no need for a filthy mongrel getting in the way of things. You are a disgrace to this family.” Eijun does not completely comprehend his words, but that does not prevent a chill from running up his spine. He shifts into a subtle fighting stance. “It is my duty to protect my nation.” He says. “An eye is a small price to pay.” “An eye?” The Fire Lord laughs mirthlessly. His lips draw themselves into a thin, dangerous smile. “No, boy,” he says venomously. “You have betrayed the Fire Nation. The bloodline will end here.“After all, what will it matter when I am dead?” Eijun’s heart hardens to stone. Hot, furious tears sting at the backs of his eyes. “Firebending represents energy and life,” he bites out. “Not hate and destruction. You are the disgrace, father.” Eyes never taking themselves off the man in front of him, Eijun lowers himself into a full stance, raising his hands in front of his chest. “I will defeat you,” he declares. “I challenge you to an Agni Kai.” The King’s eyes flash. “A traitor is not worthy of an Agni Kai against me,” he snarls. Without warning, a blazing trail of fire hurtles towards Eijun, the prince barely having time to dodge its path before a flurry of searing fireballs graze at his limbs. And then the Fire Lord is there in his space, and Eijun finds himself defending himself like he has never defended before, blocking punches and kicks and tongues of flame with the intent to kill. Distance, he thinks dimly, narrowly missing a fist to the face whilst trying to maintain his balance on the trembling ground. I need to create distance between us. He balls his hands into fists, propelling himself into the air and away from close combat range, dropping a few feet away. Throwing a desperate eye to the entrance to the tent for a split second, Eijun leaves himself open from an attack from the right and he doubles over in pain, feeling an unbearably hot sensation burning into his side. Seeing black spots in his vision, he grits his teeth as the flames eat away at his flesh, blood flowing from the open wound, worsening by the second. Cursing, he returns a wild blast of his own, deeming it impossible to take the battle outside without getting killed halfway to the tent flap. He is sending another one across when the hairs at the back of his neck stand straight up, the unmistakable crackle of electricity in the air. 
Lightning.
 Eijun sobers in a millisecond, eyes widening, thinking quick. Lightning is faster than fire, and twice as deadly, only utilized with the surefire intent to kill. Furthermore, he was injured – he was unlikely able to dodge this one. He raises his hands, blinking away at the spots threatening to blur his vision. He clenches his jaw, willing away the white hot pain.He does not know how wrong this could go with a wound this deep. He does not know how this could go with anything other than natural lightning. Let us pray that you never have to discover that for yourself, Chris had told him grimly when asked, and the young prince had understood why only much later.
 

 
He extends two fingers on either hand as he spots the first tendrils of electricity trail from his father’s fingertips.
 

If it is lightning, I have only one chance.
 Letting out a cry, he jolts as the current enters his fingers, stronger and much harsher than anything he has ever redirected before. His teeth clack together with dizzying force, arm aching as he forces the pathway to his stomach and out through his other arm with more effort than he had imagined, lightning threatening to run wild within his body. Beads of perspiration gathering at his hairline and wound screaming in pain, he barely registers the Fire Lord’s paralyzed form glowing with electricity before collapsing upon itself, unmoving. Hacking out a weak cough, Eijun’s exhausted form raises a shaking hand to his mouth, coming away with blood, before staggering to the tent flap, clutching his side. He cannot bring himself to look at the wound, though his tunic is burned through and soaked with blood.The prince is halfway across the room before his vision fades, body slumping onto the now still earth.   ------------------------   When Eijun awakens, he finds himself in an unfamiliar tent, disoriented yet cautious as soon as he registers his surroundings. It is a rather spacious tent, sunlight filtering through the burgundy cloth walls. Shifting his head on his pillow, he realizes that he is sleeping on a bed, rather than the common futons soldiers are issued, and that the tent is sparsely yet decently furnished, a small side table even bearing medical supplies. Seeing them, his memories of the battle from before return, and he inhales sharply, cut short by the ache in his side it causes. He tries to swallow, throat dry. Pulse weakly picking up speed, he wonders how long he had rested for. The last he can recall, it was near midnight when he collapsed outside the Fire Lord’s tent. Slowly, he tries to hoist himself up without aggravating his injury. He grimaces – his efforts do not fare very well. “Eijun?” He barely has time to look up before cool, gentle hands are assisting him, propping pillows behind his back and allowing him to rest in a sitting position. Exhaling slowly, he turns to smile his thanks, freezing in confusion once he takes in his helper.He glances about once more. Yes, Eijun is certain that he is still in the Fire Nation camp. Yet… “Wakana?” His voice is barely a croak, and he coughs weakly as the former rushes to retrieve him some water, the waterbender clad in a maroon tunic once more. While she does so, Eijun notices the many bandages circling his arms and legs, and raises the hem of his tunic tentatively with a sore hand to see his entire abdomen encased in white.Fixing his clothes, he accepts the cup Wakana offers to him, sipping at the clear liquid and focusing on keeping his hands steady as Wakana thankfully explains the situation to him. “You did it, Eijun,” she begins, smiling down at him, eyes glistening. Knowing that it would be the first thing he would have wanted to hear. “You did it,” she repeats, as if not quite believing it herself. “The Fire Lord is dead. The battle has ended.” Eijun closes his eyes, something heavy dissolving in his chest. “Thank goodness,” he whispers. He hadn’t been sure, having been only semi conscious himself at the time. He takes in a long breath, and exhales slowly. Thank goodness. “You’ve been unconscious for two days,” she continues gently. She gestures to the tent flap, where sunlight is streaming in. “Three, should nightfall have come sooner. We’ve all been going about in a state of confusion, waiting for you to wake,” she reveals, taking back the cup that Eijun drained. She places it on the bedside table. “The Alliance has set up camp a respectable distance away as well. I believe everyone’s a little dazed, to say the least.” Eijun absorbs all this information slowly, pieces fitting themselves together in his head. “Did you arrive with them?” The healer smiles wryly at that. “No,” she admits. “They only just arrived.” She shrugs nonchalantly, trying to play off her next words. “A few of us took another bison with Kominato a while after your group left. We encountered General Chris, and joined the rebel force not too long ago.” Eijun is glad that he is not still sipping on his water. He thinks that he would have choked rather gracelessly at that revelation, expression morphing in one of shock. Wakana continues, ignoring him. “I just had a feeling that you would need more immediate reinforcements. And I was right,” she finishes triumphantly. “If I had attended to you any later than I did, your injury would have looked a lot worse.” Eijun shudders at the thought. “Thank you, Wakana.” She nods. “I may be a healer,” she reminds him, raising an eyebrow, “but I don’t work miracles. You’ll still need a few more days to heal completely, so rest as much as you can.” He nods gratefully. “Where…” His eyes dart about the empty tent. It must be a general’s tent, judging the way it is furnished. He wonders if it is Chris’s tent. It likely is. “Where are the others?” Wakana purses her lips. “They have been busy, trying to maintain order amongst the ensuing chaos,” she tells him, combing through her hair with a hand. “It is not every day that your dictator King gets assassinated, after all. By his own heir, too. I think that the army is rather understandably shaken up.“Though I think efforts on our side have proven substantial, particularly General Chris’s. He is a trusted figure.” She sends him a closed lipped smile. “At the very least, to the best of my knowledge, there will not be an opposition to you claiming your rightful place on the throne.” Eijun frowns, worried. “So the soldiers all know that I am here?” Wakana nods. “They know that you are here, and they know what has transpired, though that is all that I am aware of.” She pats his head placatingly, and his eyebrows furrow. “You’ll have to ask Chris and Miyuki about the rest,” she says, moving to the tent flap. She turns around to face him just before she exits. “I will let them know that you are awake,” she promises, “and I am sure they’ll come and find you soon.”  --------------------------------  Chewing mournfully on his porridge, it is not as long as he was expecting before more figures burst into his tent, wide-eyed and relieved. Miyuki immediately brings himself to Eijun’s side, brown eyes looking him over, expression tight with concealed worry. “How are you feeling?” he asks, kneeling to his eye level. Eijun softens, smiling at him. “My body has seen better days, of course,” he admits, turning to acknowledge the others who have entered with the waterbender. Chris looks relieved to see him awake, while Kuramochi simply nods, crooked grin in place. “Though my spirits are high.” He grips his bowl, looking around at each face. He had heard it from Wakana, but it would never hurt to confirm it once more. “We succeeded, didn’t we?” “We did.” Chris’s eyes glint with pride, and when he turns back to meet Miyuki’s gaze, there is a steady warmth behind his clear pupils, lips pulled back in the smallest of smiles. I told you that you could do it.  “The Fire Lord has been defeated,” Chris’s voice continues, and Eijun turns his head to his mentor once more. “You have done well, young one.” The prince lets out a breath he had not known he was holding. Remembering something, he opens his mouth to ask his mentor a question when Kuramochi speaks up from his other side. “For now,” the earthbender says, arms crossing, “all dispatched soldiers have been immobilized. Many efforts have been made on both sides to halt the war.” Eijun’s train of thought is cut short as he detects the hint in his tone. “For now?” he inquires, eyebrows furrowing. Chris nods. “Everybody has been awaiting your return to consciousness,” he says, and Eijun blinks in surprise.“With your father dead,” he explains, in the same familiar tone he used during lessons, “you, Your Highness, are the new Fire Lord, and your opinion bears the highest value here.” He cracks a small, amused smile at Eijun’s stunned expression. The prince purses his lips, masking his rising panic. He had always been undeniably aware of this fact, but had never stopped to contemplate the weight of this new position, or the instantaneous transition he would have into this new role. Truthfully, he had doubted his abilities – he was unsure if he would even succeed, and had honestly done little thought beyond that terrifying prospect. “I have spoken to the other generals, but they refuse to act upon any orders that do not come directly from your lips.” Chris is saying. “As of now, we stand merely at a temporary stalemate in this war.” Apprehension makes way for uneasiness, and Eijun’s eyebrows knit together. “But do they not resent me at all?” Eijun asks, anxious and not completely comprehending. In his defense, it is certainly a lot to wake up to. “Why would they so readily accept anything I command? I am not my father. They do not even know me, or what I stand for.” Next to him, Miyuki shifts. “Well, for that I suppose we must be grateful for the fact that the Fire Nation is still very much rooted in its traditionalist values,” he answers in a mutter, “as are its people.” He raises a hand in a careless flourish, as if to ease some of Eijun’s tension. “Some may, and will, harbor unpleasant thoughts about you because of your family’s stigma, or the fact that you assassinated the King,” he admits. “But they will never directly oppose your coronation.” “Probably how they got themselves into this mess in the first place,” Kuramochi grunts, before remembering the Fire Nation general and throwing him a cautious glance. To his obvious relief, Chris chuckles good-naturedly at the comment. Miyuki ignores them both, capturing Eijun’s gaze once more. “If you want to build the nation that you dream of,” he says, brown eyes taking Eijun back to a starry night of fears and hopes and dreams, “you must convince them of your sincerity through your own means, with your own effort.” When Eijun looks into the waterbender’s eyes, he sees nothing but pure trust in them. More trust than anyone of the same nation had ever shown him, devoid of the suppressed fear and the stiff awe he had become so accustomed to seeing in the eyes of his servants, of messengers, of the generals that bowed respectfully before peering down at him over their noses and walking away. Trust clear as the water he bends, his eyes are mesmerizing. “If it’s you, you’ll be able to do it.”



Chapter End Notes
Not long now T.T thank you for all your support!


sincerity
Chapter Notes
Hello! Hope everyone's had a lovely week~~ I think the next chapter's gonna be the last chapter guys, oh god what even what what that's literally not okayBut yeah, thank you so much to everyone who's come this far with me, I'm so glad I managed to finish this chapter on time because i've got crazy things going on this week XD anyways, really hope you like this chapter! I feel like lots happens, or maybe thats just me idk I'll let you guys be the judge of that

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Though premature, the new Fire Lord stepped into his role with little complaint, an entire childhood of preparation evident in his booming tone and convincing speeches as he travelled the camp with earnest eyes and an open heart, greeting his people with a humbleness unheard of from a noble of such high birth. After news of the assassination of the King spread throughout the camp, many of its inhabitants were divided in opinion towards their new ruler – that much was very clear. And although there were many smiles and words of praise that greeted them, despite Chris’s admirable efforts, the distrust scattered amongst a few of them remained.Eijun’s effect on his people, however, was rather astounding, soldiers and generals alike watching him with awe in their eyes as he spoke, wariness amidst the thousands of gazes directed his way softening into something of dampened hope. It is not much, but it is a promising start.  -------  “The previous Fire Lord was a symbol of selfishness and greed, spreading nothing but hatred and hoarding the people’s wealth for himself. He had no regard for his citizens, merely using you all as pawns for his cause.” What resonates with his people, Miyuki realizes, is simply the fact that Eijun speaks nothing but the truth. These soldiers lived their entire lives suppressed by the Fire Nation monarchy, recruited against their will and forced to put their lives on the line for a victory that they would have no place in. For a decade, despair prevailed until it became the norm, until it became a way of life for countless citizens who no longer remembered that there may even exist a light at the end of the tunnel. He looks at Eijun, who holds his head high, and silently marvels at how the boy’s features are imposing yet modest, his expression captivating yet serene. “I was unaware of all this until very recently,” he reveals, “having been locked in the palace for what I had been told was for my own good. But after coming to realize the truth, I decided to take matters into my own hands.” The new Fire Lord looks at the crowd of people gathered before him in the west faction of the Fire Nation camp. His eyes blaze in the afternoon sun as they sweep over the enraptured crowd. “With the help of the rebellion and the Allied Nations, I have killed my Father,” he says, turning his body in acknowledgement of the benders who stand with him, “and will henceforth begin a new era of peace and prosperity for this Nation. You have my word that my people will never again have to experience the sorrow and despondency of my Father’s rule.” And there finally comes a leader who empathizes with their hardship, who speaks truths that emanate from the bottom of his heart, allowing nothing for debacle. Bearing the same bloodline medallion, yet in character such a vastly different ruler from the harsh tyrant of the past decade. The boy raises three fingers in a salute, and the crowd mimics his movement. “I swear it on my honor.”   ---------------------------------    “It’s been another exhausting day,” Haruichi says lightly that evening, trying to start conversation between the benders. Chris and Eijun are absent from dinner in favor of a meeting with the generals, the officials still not yet having completely warmed up to the alliance members to the point that they would be allowed into private Fire Nation meetings. It is just as well, their little infiltration group having nearly doubled with the arrival of the second team on bisonback a week ago. The benders could have hardly all fit, as they are doing now, gathered in a spare General-ranked tent, the comforting scent of homemade stew wafting through the air. “It’s been almost a week, and we’ve pretty much transversed the entire camp.” “Don’t complain, kid,” Kuramochi mumbles in between bites of stew. “Sawamura’s got it worse than us. And all this effort’s gonna be hella beneficial in the long run.” “He was merely attempting at conversation, earthbender,” an amiable voice says. To his right, Kominato Ryousuke sips his own stew with inhuman grace. In a tone no less pleasant, he notes, “you are quite obtuse.” Kuramochi blinks, affronted, as Haruichi winces. Sanada and Raichi cackle loudly in the background, and Ryousuke takes another dainty spoonful of food. “Those two are taking their time in the meeting, though,” Wakana muses, breaking the odd atmosphere. “I wonder what they are discussing.” Miyuki hums. “From what I understand, one of the topics raised would be the inclusion of the Fire Nation into the Alliance, to make this world of harmony a reality.” Kanemaru cocks his head, passing his bowl to Wakana for another helping. Miyuki does the same, Wakana’s warming stew reminds him of his hometown. It is also infinitely better than Mei’s cooking. “Is it necessary though, with the end of this war?” “There are many benefits to establishing an alliance, Kanemaru,” Miyuki reminds the guard. “Global trading and shared resources, for example. There was free trade before the war, and all Nations benefitted greatly from this system.” He raises an eyebrow at his fellow Water Native. “This information was in our text scrolls, no?” “Ours too,” Raichi snickers, and Kanemaru turns to glare at him. His attention is quickly redirected when two more figures enter their tent, bringing it to its maximum capacity. Miyuki watches as Eijun greets them, before eyeing the stew hungrily. “We will be setting off for the Fire Nation Capital at first light tomorrow,” Chris reports, as Eijun busies himself with procuring a bowl from Wakana. “To commence the official coronation ceremony.” The benders all look up at his words, expressions ranging from startled to knowing, and the King-to-be merely munches on his food, happy to be fed. “What of the Allied Nation’s troops?” Miyuki asks, hoping that his expression and tone do not betray his surprise. What about us? Chris’s eyes meet his, and they soften. “A messenger has been dispatched to their camp, notifying them of our surrender and urging them to return,” Chris replies. “The guards of the council members, that is to say, all non-firebenders in this tent at the present moment, may come with us guests, in a gesture of goodwill between the Nations.” Miyuki nods at this information, relieved. “I see.” “Wait, what about us?” Mei asks. Miyuki turns to see him and Okumura wearing identical masks of anxiety. Okumura, silent, stares into the fire intently, lips pursed. Miyuki had always wondered how Fire Natives were able to do so without hurting their eyes.Chris turns to him. “All soldiers have the choice to return to their hometowns, or to come with us,” the General tells them. “Those who choose to leave will be provided with provisions to sustain them, and those who choose to accompany us to the mainland will be given the opportunity to replenish their supplies at the Capital before returning. It is entirely your choice.” The villagers visibly relax, before exchanging a glance. “Alright,” Mei chirps, lips relaxing into a small smile.  -------------------------------   “Hey, hey, hey! Now look who we have here!” A tall figure greets them as they exit their tent early the next morning, arms crossed and grin wide. He is an athletic man, not much older than Miyuki himself, and clad in a simple tunic not unlike their own, though when he uncrosses his arms Miyuki spots a General’s badge adorning the fabric over his heart. His hair is also quite a sight, snow white and looking like it had been electrocuted into its position, strands standing straight up and unmoving even as he bounds over to ruffle Eijun’s hair with an unexpected familiarity. “General Bokuto!” Eijun greets, lips upturned in a grin, and Miyuki raises an eyebrow. “It has been a while.” “A long while indeed, huh?” The general laughs, teeth as white as his hair. “You’re all grown up now!” “As are you,” Eijun beams, before turning to the confused benders. “This is General Bokuto,” the prince introduces. “He is the son of a high ranking officer, and we have met on occasion when he tailed his father to meetings within the palace. “General Bokuto is the top graduate of the First Firebending Academy of the Capital,” he offers in explanation, and the General beside him beams, nodding vigorously in assent. His hair continues to stay rigidly in place, a fact that mystifies the waterbender. “He has only recently been promoted to the rank of General, from my limited knowledge.” “Top in lightningbending!” The general puffs his chest out self-importantly. “How about that?” “Aberrant, is what,” a new voice drawls lazily. The benders turn toward the source of the new voice, and another tall man comes into view, an identical General’s badge gleaming upon his own chest. This man’s hair is jet black, and unlike his white haired companion, this General’s hair looks quite like he had rolled straight out of bed and into his tunic. Standing side by side, the two generals certainly make an interesting pair. The raven-haired one inclines his head to them before jabbing a thumb at himself. “Kuroo Tetsurou,” he introduces. “Top in firebending, same year, same academy.” He smirks. “Way more important, if you ask me.” General Bokuto crosses his arms again. “Nah man,” he argues. “Lightning is way cooler! And harder to master!” “Doesn’t do much though, does it?” “It does too!” “Besides that hair? I don’t think so, bro.”Ah. Suddenly the electrocuted hair makes a lot more sense to Miyuki. “Bro.” Eijun clears his throat. “Anyway, General Bokuto, General Kuroo,” he cuts in with a little huff, “we must be on our way.” The two generals look rather unfazed at his words, shrugging and slinging their arms around each other. They look extremely comfortable like this, Miyuki wonders if this is a daily occurrence for the pair of them. It must be exhausting to witness this every day. The pair turn and start leading the rather stunned group away from the tent. “No need to be so formal with us, yeah?” Bokuto chides. “Relax a little, Your Highness! Your Honor! Your Great Great Excellency!” “Ain’t gonna work,” Kuramochi sniffs from somewhere behind Miyuki. “I tried.” Kuroo cranes his neck, catlike eyes scanning the group before resting on Kuramochi. He observes the boy’s lithe form before raising his eyebrows, crooked smirk settling on his face. “You’re an earthbender, aren’t ya? Thought you’d be more firm than that.” Without giving him a chance to reply, he turns to address the group at large, walking backward in an alarmingly leisurely fashion. “Well!” he announces, clasping his hands together. “If you don’t already know, Bokuto here and I’ve been assigned to be your escorts to the Capital. Chris’s rounding up the soldiers with the other generals. So after we collect provisions, we’ll have to go straight on ahead of the main legions, so we’ve gotta be speedy. Anyone who hasn't ridden a horse before, hands up now!”  -----------------   “Alright! Everyone good?” Bokuto calls, after everyone has dismounted their horses at their first rest stop of the journey back to the Capital. It is not at one of the many oasis villages, none of them close enough to warrant an efficient enough detour. Instead, they stop at a small station constructed for travellers which had transformed into military rest stops during the war, stables and a tiny hut slightly worn down but still in workable condition. The two generals make their way around, checking on each of the benders for abnormal symptoms of any kind. The white haired man stops in front of Haruichi, who has gone rather pale. “You okay, kid?” The airbender manages a nod. “I miss Tama,” he mumbles, and Furuya sighs in agreement. Bokuto blinks owlishly in confusion, looking between the two of them. “Uh. Sure,” he tries after a beat. “Me too.”  “So we’ll be sleeping there tonight,” Kuroo notifies them, pointing at the hut. He looks around at exhausted faces. “It’d be good to have watch shifts through the night as well, just for precaution. I’ll take first watch, Bokuto’ll take last.” He waves vaguely at the benders. “You guys decide the rest.” Bokuto squints at this. “Bro, why do I have to take last watch?” “Because I resent getting up early with a passion that burns brighter than my flames.” “Bro.” A horse neighs, and someone sighs.  ---------------------   Miyuki hadn’t taken night watch since the last time he’d been in the Fire Nation mainland. The Water Native had watched the stars then as well, identifying the same constellations he had been taught of back in the South Pole. He would lie in the snow for hours on end in the dead of the night, tracing them with his eyes. This night is no different, and it brings him comfort that he is able to hold onto the serenity of his pastime as it transcends borders with him.The gibbous moon hangs in the sky, its glow unfailingly calming, and he inhales deeply, drawing on its power. His stargazing is disrupted by the sound of footsteps. Sitting up, he turns to see Eijun walking out the open door of the hut before settling quietly next to him. Miyuki raises an eyebrow, and the firebender sighs softly. “Had a nightmare,” he admits. “Don’t want to go back to sleep just yet.” Miyuki nods in understanding, and the prince purses his lips, exhaling through his nose. “I was dreaming about that last battle.” He does not have to mention more for it to be understood. Miyuki places an arm around his shoulders, and Eijun leans into him. “Do you want to talk about it?” Now that he thinks about it, given the whirlwind of events that transpired over the last week, the prince never had spoken of what exactly happened the night he was found half dead in his father’s tent. Miyuki listens as he recounts the battle in detail, feeling his expression harden at the sheer number of near misses and strokes of luck the boy had sustained. A chill runs down his spine at the description of Eijun’s final move, having witnessed the technique only once before in the middle of a thunderstorm, on the back of a bison. It was a bone chilling experience even when not utilized for battle. “But what I don’t understand,” Eijun says frustratedly, hand running through his hair, “is why he didn’t react in that moment. He seemed to possess extremely agile reflexes for everything else… but in that split second – murderous intent notwithstanding – he just… looked at me.” They are silent for a long moment. And then there is a sound, and the pair of them turn as yet another figure emerges from the hut. Miyuki drops his hand from Eijun’s shoulder, but the new arrival does not seem to have witnessed anything, lost in thought. “Sorry, man,” Bokuto starts apologetically. His luminescent hair is wilting, though Miyuki has no doubt that it will be good as new by morning. “Wasn’t sleeping well, and couldn’t help but listen in.” He slowly sits down on the dirt next to them, bright eyes shining in the dark. “But what you just said was really interesting.” Miyuki’s eyebrows furrow. Interesting? He waits. “I don’t know if you already know this,” Bokuto looks straight at Eijun. His expression, for once, is unreadable. “But lightning redirection is considered an impossible technique.” The young general amends his words. “Or at least, it’s not a technique taught in the Fire Nation. At all. It is not in our kata, not taught in our academies. Not even utilized in pure lightningbending training. I would know if it was.” “But I speak the truth,” Eijun frowns, and Bokuto puts up a hand. “I never said you weren’t, Your Highness.” The general pauses, thinking. “My guess,” he reveals slowly, “is that General Chris developed the technique himself, and taught it solely to you.” Miyuki’s eyebrows shoot to his hairline, and the prince positively gapes at the information. “But why?” Bokuto shrugs. “My guess is as good as yours,” he says. “Perhaps he’d been planning this rebellion from the start. Perhaps he’d known that you’d be the one to face your father. But whatever it was, that technique that he taught you,” he jabs a finger to Eijun’s chest. “It saved you. Often, that split second is all it takes to determine the outcome of a battle. And that is especially so with regards to lightning. What you’ve got there is pretty neat, Your Highness.” There is a silence wherein Bokuto lets the pair of them take all that in. After a while, he hoists himself off the ground with a soft grunt. He throws a tired grin at them. “Kuroo can blab all he wants, but lightning gives you an edge over even the best firebenders,” he grins triumphantly. The lightningbender throws a surreptitious glance into the hut, where Kuroo is snoring loudly, before turning back to face them one last time. He cups his hands and speaks in a loud whisper. “There’s a reason why I graduated top of the class, hey, hey, hey!”  



Chapter End Notes
You know who Bokuto and Kuroo remind me of? Fred and George smh #lovethem


coronation
Chapter Notes
AND THIS IS THE LAST CHAPTER GUYS! what what what i actually can't believe this. T.T this fic has already become a part of my life, I'm gonna feel so hollow now(this chap is also late because i was really unsatisfied, i'm still unsatisfied tbh but can't procrastinate any longer it's literally already wednesday smh)When I first started writing this fic on the first day of this year, I'd just had the idea for a little oneshot in this AU focused purely on miyusawa romance and little to no action (I don't write chaptered fics. like AT ALL. this was my first) But i liked the idea of this au so much that i wrote the first chapter and was like welp why don't we add in a little more detail here and there and BAM I got too invested. And then romance became almost a side thing to the main fic XDWell anyways, this last chapter (and this entire fic tbh) is far from perfect, but thank you so much to everyone who read this story, who left kudos and encouraging comments every week, you guys are the reason I managed to finish this monster XD It's been a crazy process, I've had so many things to juggle this year and I've just graduated uni as well! (omg not ready to step into the real world but that's another story altogether) So yeah, I would've seriously given up so long ago if it wasn't for all of you guys, AND i actually also crafted a lot of the story based on your feedback and suggestions, so y'all are as much a part of this process as I was!  THIS WAS A TEAM EFFORT GUYS WHOOP WHOOP TO USAlso, the ending (this chap) mainly focuses on miyusawa because no one else has problems in their lives that need resolving XD or at least that's what I convinced myself when I wrote this loltbh I still think this chapter still needs work, but IDK UGH just let me know what you think kLOVE YOU ALL AND I'LL MISS TELLING YOU GUYS TO HAVE A LOVELY WEEK AHEAD BUT HAVE A LOVELY WEEK AHEAD YEAH! AND HAVE A LOVELY REST OF YOUR LIVES WHILE YOU'RE AT IT I <3 YOU ALL

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 Eijun’s heart had leapt into his throat long ago, beating loud and erratic in his ears the moment they entered the mainland. He looks past his two flanks to where citizens stand scattered, as they pause their routines to watch the benders canter past. Everywhere his gaze lands, heads would bow hastily to him, the prince travelling too fast to register expressions but never once missing pupils blown wide with awe, and fear, as his people register the color of his eyes. He clenches his jaw and nods to them in acknowledgement. Before them, the gates to the Capital loom, tall and majestic. The two generals leading their team slow their horses to a trot, and the one on the left turns his chin to be heard. “A palace messenger was sent ahead of us, so I suspect that news of the King’s death is beginning to spread within the Capital,” Kuroo informs them. “There may be somewhat of a chaotic situation beyond these gates, so it would be best to remain close. We will be heading straight for the palace.” Eijun simply nods in reply, and they come to a stop in front of the gates. The line of guards standing by the entrance to the Capital part respectfully for them, and two of them move to begin opening the gates, while the others greet them. Bokuto returns their greetings with a wave. “Your Highness,” the one closest to them addresses him. Eijun turns his head to him, and the guard performs a salute. “We have been informed of your arrival. The palace awaits your return.” Eijun’s heart clenches on instinct. The palace. 
 
He nods slowly. “Thank you,” Eijun says, and the guard blinks, surprised, before bowing and returning to his post. “How is it in there?” Kuroo asks the guards. One of them grimaces. “See for yourself, General Kuroo,” he says. His eyes flicker nervously to Eijun before continuing. “The news has spread like wildfire. Citizens are flocking from all over the Capital to glimpse His Highness’s return, the guards on the other side are having one hell of a time keeping them in order.” The dark-haired General cackles. “I can only imagine how the situation at the coronation tomorrow will look.” As if on cue, the familiar creaking of the Capital gates sounds out, and Eijun’s grip on his reins turn his knuckles white. There is a crowd beyond the gates, he can already tell that much by the incomprehensible chatter that reaches his ears. He waits with bated breath as their group watches the gates open fully. Eijun’s mouth parts in shock as all at once, a tremendous clamor rises from the densely packed crowd beyond the gates, citizens lined up on either side of the clear cobblestoned path starting to cheer as they recognize the Prince’s escorts. Eijun is numb as they start on their way into the Capital City, blinking wide-eyed at smiling faces and sincerely bowed heads, ears buzzing too loudly to hear the words of praise being directed at him. As they continue on the respectfully cleared path, he starts to register their words, but still does not quite believe what they are saying.   “Thank you, Your Highness!” “No more war!” “Such bravery from our new King!”  Making sure to be discreet amidst all this scrutiny, the prince pinches himself, a little tactic he had picked up from some of his mentors to ensure that he was alert and paying attention. When the pinch stings at his skin, Eijun looks around in unabashed awe, a seed of uncertainty blooming in his chest. But how are they so accepting? Why? As if hearing his thoughts, Kuroo turns to him. “Surprised, aren’t you, Your Highness?” he grins. He nods to the applauding citizens.“The oppression of the people was quite severe,” he reveals, “the rebellion was much more sizeable than you’d think.” He gestures to himself. “Benders are surmount in the Capital, it is more than likely that all these citizens have had family members forcibly taken by your father’s army. It is no wonder that they are supportive of your coronation.” Eijun sucks in his lower lip. “It is certainly possible,” he realizes, eyebrows furrowing in displeasure at the fact. “They will be reunited soon.” “Of course they will,” Bokuto interjects from his horse. He turns back for a split second, shooting Eijun a toothy grin. He releases one hand off his reins to wag a finger at the prince. “But before that, Your Highness, you can’t look so glum in front of your people! They’re here for you!” He makes a grand gesture in the direction of the crowd. “Smile! Wave!” Eijun blinks. Wave? In all his years of training, Eijun had never once been instructed on how to act in front of his subjects, his Father believing it pointless for a prince who would never step out of the palace. He had only ever been taught how to act in front of generals and servants – face betraying no emotion, voice commanding and eyes firm. Over the past month, however, the prince had come to detest this aloof way of addressing others. He did not think that he should face his people this way. In his many speeches, he had used words to communicate his sincerity, though now he had no means of speaking without being drowned out.As such, Eijun tries to adhere to Bokuto’s advice, and smiles to the crowd, hesitantly lifting his hand and waving it from side to side. The cheers increase in volume, and Eijun thinks that he must be doing something correctly. His smile relaxes, and the prince’s eyes gleam with happiness.  ----------------------------  It is almost surreal, to be once again in the palace. The morning sunlight gleams through his open window, and Eijun sits up in his bed, the silky sheets now strangely foreign to him after weeks of sleeping on floors and ratty futons. The bed is also far too wide, his room far too spacious for just one person. Taking in the familiar golden glow of his well-kept bedroom, Eijun wonders how he had lived like this all these years. It is awfully lonely. There comes a knock at his door, and Eijun sits up straight, flattening his hair with a hand. He clears his throat once. “Come in,” he says. When Miyuki enters, Eijun relaxes, posture no longer ramrod straight. He smiles, though he raises an eyebrow. “Good morning,” he greets the newcomer. “I’m surprised that you were allowed into my quarters.” Miyuki makes his way over to him. “I have my ways,” he says nonchalantly, though a corner of his lip lifts in a smirk. “Is that a complaint I hear, Your Highness? I could always leave.” “No,” Eijun says too quickly, and Miyuki’s smirk widens. “Please stay.” “That’s what I thought.” Miyuki bends over to give him a quick kiss, which Eijun quickly obliges to. “You ready for today?” He murmurs. Eijun hesitates. He had to be, that was for certain. Though he knows what Miyuki means. He pauses to think. He finally purses his lips. “It is an incredible responsibility, but I have trained for this all my life,” he replies, not answering the question. Tilting his gaze downwards, Eijun gazes at his golden bedsheets without seeing them. “Throughout my entire life,” he realizes, “coronation was the only certainty that I had known, and I had desperately clung to it with every fibre of my being.” He looks at his hands, trying to find the words. Beside him, Miyuki waits, silent. “But that is because I had known nothing else of the world. Perhaps that was my father’s intention from the start. And now… now that it is finally here, I will do it, it is my duty, but... I do not feel like it is the most important thing to me anymore.” He puts his head in his hands, frustrated. “Does what I say even make sense?” Miyuki remains silent for a long time. When Eijun looks up at him, he has his face turned to the open window. His expression, for the first time in a long time, is unreadable. It is a while, in which Eijun spends fiddling with his sheets, before the waterbender speaks.“Then what is most important to you?” he asks out of the blue. His voice is awfully quiet. Eijun blinks in surprise at the shattered silence. “Huh?” Miyuki turns to him. “Is your country important to you?” “Of course.” “In a few short hours, you are going to be King. You must put your country above all.” Eijun frowns, confused. It was one of the first things that had been ingrained in him for as long as he could remember. “I know that,” he says. He does not know why Miyuki is bringing this up, of all things. “And I will.” Miyuki meets his eyes. Like always, his eyes are a clear brown. “Then why are you hesitating?” Eijun’s words catch in his throat at the question. Something that feels uncannily like doubt twinges uncomfortably in his chest at the way Miyuki utters the words. 
Am I hesitating?
 Miyuki, who has been observing him, sighs through his nose. He runs a hand through his hair, looking away. “Your servants should be coming to get you ready soon,” he says, and Eijun simply looks at him, still wordless. He watches as the waterbender throws a casual wave over his shoulder, though his movements are too careful, too rehearsed, to be natural. “I’ll see you again once it’s all over. You have a big day ahead of you, Your Majesty.”   ----------------------------------------------------------------   The citizens are trailing past the open palace gates, the excited buzz of chatter filling the electric air as hundreds of Fire Natives mill about the usually bare palace grounds, creating a welcome cheerful atmosphere. Above the grand doors of the palace itself, a golden dais sits upon a balcony, the King’s throne having been placed on top of it in preparation for the coronation ceremony. People are throwing their group apprehensive glances, the benders of the Alliance somehow having been delivered their native clothing from palace servants and are hence dressed as such. Miyuki, though fully aware of why they must wear their native attire for the ceremony, is still positively melting in his furs and is trying his utmost to freeze the water vapor around him in attempts to cool down. It is not particularly effective, but it’s something. “How long is he going to take?” Furuya asks. His voice sounds strained, even though he must be positively breezy in his airbender robes. “Be patient, Furuya,” Haruichi scolds lightly, though he sounds just as strained. In response, Furuya summons a breeze, which turns even more heads their way. “Shouldn’t be taking long now,” Sanada pipes up, pointing to the sky. “Sun’s almost at it’s peak. Am I right, Mei?” The blonde firebender crosses his arms self importantly at being called on for information. Unlike the rest of them, the Fire Native does not seem fazed in the least by the sweltering heat. “Two and a half minutes, to be precise.” “Oh thank goodness.” “Kyahaha! Wusses. This is nothing in the Earth Nation!” “Shut up, Raichi.”  Sure enough, true to Mei’s word, the crowd quiets exactly ten seconds before midday, and Eijun emerges exactly on the hour. Miyuki’s breath catches in his throat at the sight of the prince on the balcony. Eijun’s robes are scarlet, adorned in gold embroidery from head to toe and intricately encrusted with precious jewels that Miyuki had only ever read about in scrolls. A cape on his back trails to the floor and run beyond that, out of Miyuki’s sight, every inch extensively decorated and meticulously designed yet somehow managing not to be garishly so. The symbol of the Fire Nation gleams proudly on his chest, standing out even amongst the other eye catching details.But the boy himself outshines his entire ensemble, eyes shining with a regal warmth as they gaze out into the whistling crowd, his smile bright and earnest, and full of love.He is beautiful. Sawamura Eijun is mesmerizing, and Miyuki Kazuya is being selfish. And as the beautiful boy presents his speech, as he swears to bring peace and prosperity to his nation, as he salutes and the crowd welcomes their new Fire Lord with open arms, Miyuki tries to convince himself that this is where Eijun belongs most. Here, on his throne, in his palace, in his rightful Nation. And while he’s at that, Miyuki also tries to convince himself that he himself belongs in the Water Tribe, where temperatures never go beyond freezing and people sleep in igloos, not palaces, and every which way you turn you can only see white snow and ice and gold – gold doesn’t exist. And that is why, when the crowd salutes in unison and shout “Hail Fire Lord Eijun!” he grits his teeth and joins them, as General Miyuki of the Water Tribe, a member of the Allied Nations, as a successful representative of peace.  ----------------------  “You’ve been so brave,” he says later that day, after everything has been said and done. The two of them are lying down side by side on golden sheets, with only the light of one torch to illuminate the King’s vast room. It isn’t faring too well, and shadows dominate majority of the bedroom, dancing on walls and on cheeks. Eijun looks at him, the gold of his eyes piercing through the darkness. Miyuki drinks in his presence, committing it to memory. “Miyuki,” Eijun whispers. He licks his lips, something that’s developed into something of a nervous habit over the past month. For the boy who was trained never to show weakness, it is kind of endearing to see. “I thought a lot about what you said this morning.” Miyuki closes his eyes. “Yeah?” “Yeah,” Eijun’s voice says softly. “I am Fire Lord now, and I will put my country first. Of course I will.” He says it with such honesty, yet there is still hesitation in his voice. Miyuki waits. “To atone for my father’s sins, I have to bring peace to the world once again.” The bed moves as the firebender shifts restlessly on the mattress. He is lost in thought. “With no Avatar,” he begins slowly, “it is up to the people of the world to unite themselves…. But how am I supposed to right such a huge wrong? How am I supposed to earn the respect of all those people?” After he is sure Eijun has said his piece, Miyuki opens his eyes. He turns to the Fire Lord next to him, who has an arm over his eyes. Miyuki’s own eyes turn sad. The Fire Lord, such a heavy title for so young a boy to bear. He himself was promoted to General not six months after he graduated, yet the title of General was nowhere near grand as that of a monarch. Eijun hadn’t lived his life nearly enough. “Those are big questions,” Miyuki admits. “And I can’t give you the answers to them, Eijun. Those are things that bear value in you discovering them for yourself.” He takes a deep breath. “But to do so, you have to be brave.” He pokes Eijun’s chest. “You have to follow your heart.” “I know.” The boy next to him doesn’t move an inch. “But my heart is scared,” he whispers so softly that Miyuki almost doesn’t catch it. “Scared of what?” There is a long pause before Eijun says anything. “Scared of being alone again,” he whispers. Miyuki doesn’t let himself hope. They stay like that for a while, simply basking in each other’s presence. Miyuki watches Eijun, and so he sees when the other bites his lip harshly, arm still stubbornly over his eyes.  “Miyuki,” he says abruptly, a little too loud for their proximity. There is something in his voice, something almost like resolve. Miyuki can tell that it must have taken some courage for Eijun to voice this. He listens. “There… there’s something that I’ve been thinking about for a long while, even before I left the palace. And what you said this morning reminded me of it.” “Yeah?” “Yeah.” Finally, Eijun removes his arm from over his eyes. It is hard to see in the dark, but Miyuki is almost certain that there is a tinge of red around his eyes. However, in his pupils is a new glint of determination that Miyuki hadn’t seen earlier. It is intriguing. “After witnessing all the devastation my father’s regime had caused in the oasis villages,” he begins in a soft voice, “I wanted to see more.” He takes a breath.“Even before,” he reveals, “I felt the need to understand my people, to look at things from their perspective and become a ruler that could help them. It was why I developed those lenses.” The firebender licks his lips once more, eyes flashing at the ceiling, avoiding Miyuki’s gaze. “But I was thinking that I would not use them anymore. I want to go as their Fire Lord.” He still does not look away from the ceiling. “That sounds like a good idea,” Miyuki prompts. Eijun nods. “I won’t be a Fire Lord that simply sits on his throne. I’ll travel all over my country to meet my people. I will be a King that will work hard to gain their trust. “But I am aware that this will be a long and arduous process, difficult in theory and even more difficult to execute, what with my responsibilities here…” he sighs. “I could ask Chris to take over while I am away, but that would leave no one as a viable option to act as my escort.” A seed of hope plants itself in Miyuki’s chest. “I know that it is a lot of me to ask, almost too audacious of me to tear someone away from their duties…” he is rambling now, and Miyuki feels the corners of his lips tilt up. “But with the Fire Nation now a member of the Alliance, I don't suppose…” he is acting incredibly out of character. His cheeks are tinted pink in the firelight.Finally, finally, Eijun turns his golden gaze to Miyuki. He takes a deep breath. “I suppose what I’m saying is... come with me?” Miyuki’s heart soars in his chest. How incredibly strange. Just over a month ago, the very idea that someone could make the ice cold Miyuki’s heart race like this was laughable in itself. This boy is really something else. Miyuki laughs, something feeling not unlike an icicle thawing in his chest, a cold knife he hadn’t even known was lodged there. He laughs till he eyes water, and Eijun looks on in alarm. “Well, with world peace now a thing, I suppose I’m out of a job,” he shrugs, trying his hardest to appear nonchalant. “I might as well.” He looks to the boy beside him, the warm boy who had thawed his cold heart, the earnest boy who slipped past his barriers, and he thinks back to the Takigawa of the past, the frightened boy that they had found a month ago, trembling upon the back of a bloodbended horse. The boy that had done his very best to act tough in front of five travelers, the boy whose royal mannerisms had oozed from him as easily as his fire. The boy who had run out into the middle of a street fight to save a hapless stranger, who had revealed his bending to help a scared recruit. The boy who had shouldered a burden beyond his years without complaint, who always put others before himself.“Besides. You wouldn’t last a day out there by yourself.”  Even in the dark, the smile Eijun sends his way is dazzling.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you for everything



Afterword


End Notes
This is gonna be a long ass ride what have i done


Works inspired by this one

i have seen kingdoms fall (i have seen dragons rise) by unchartedandunknown,
Avatar Eijun by CartoonNerd12



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



