



dads for one - wolfcrunch - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

dads for one
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17136110.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Midoriya Izuku & Everyone
Character:
Midoriya Izuku, Inui Ryou | Hound Dog, Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic, Ishiyama Ken | Cementoss, Nedzu (My Hero Academia), Snipe (My Hero Academia), Ectoplasm (My Hero Academia), Kan Sekijirou | Blood King, Tsukauchi Naomasa, Bakugou Masaru, Maijima Higari | Power Loader, Kayama Nemuri | Midnight, Kurogiri (My Hero Academia), Midoriya Hisashi, Midoriya Inko, Shimura Nana, Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead, Yagi Toshinori | All Might, Class 1-A (mentioned), Lunch-Rush (My Hero Academia), Thirteen (My Hero Academia), Sir Nighteye (My Hero Academia), Bakugou Mitsuki, Sensei | All For One
Additional Tags:
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD, panic attacks which might be incorrect, izuku gets all the dads, all dads, some of these chapters are crack, a total of like two, Not to be taken seriously, the rest? yes, everyone gets their own chapter, Chapter Lengths Vary
Series:
Part 7 of
where the students dont let yuuei Rest
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-24
          Completed: 2019-05-20
          Chapters: 21/21
        Words: 19450
      

dads for one
by wolfcrunch
Summary
what happens when you leave an emotionally hurt izuku in a room with literally any able father figure?everythingeverything happens
Notes
christmas??? MERRY CHRYSLER ALLHAVE SOME GOOD DAD CONTENT!!! HOW MANY DADS? I DONT KNOW

          See the end of the work for more notes





hound dog
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku supposed that his therapy sessions had been going well for the past week or so - after everything had occurred with his father...could he even call Hisashi his father after everything that had happened? After all, it was due to Hisashi that his life was currently in shambles..."Midoriya?"The greenette was shaken out of his thoughts as the gravelly voice filled his ears, and he whipped his head to face the furry face of the guidance counselor, the same hero who was conducting his sessions - Hound Dog."A-ah, Hound Dog, sir! I was listening!" The brown-furred mutated hero looked at him with a hint of amusement, as if he didn't believe the boy at all - but he knew better than to call him out on it. "Alright, Midoriya. How about you tell me about your day?"Now Izuku relaxed slightly from his embarrassment, allowing a small smile to line his freckled face. "Well, Eijirou and I watched a documentary today! It was about how heroes are ranked due to their popularity, cases dealt with and captures, and what heroes are affected most by these things...hmm. Then I studied with Tenya, Shouto and Yuuga about an up-coming maths test...although maths has never been a strong part for any of us."Izuku began to ramble about how many problems had been difficult for the ground, and Hound Dog only listened quietly. It seemed as if it had been a pretty normal day, hanging out with friends and generally just enjoying their company."How do you feel emotionally? Mentally?"Emotionally? Mentally? Ah...those two were always much harder for Izuku to answer, mostly because he could never keep his thoughts straight, especially when it came to trying to speak them out loud."Well, I feel fine I suppose...I mean, I don't feel completely better." Izuku states in a somewhat somber tone, the happiness from the conversation before fading. "It's been too soon...and I feel as if I should've been able to do more for...for my Mom."Izuku had rarely mentioned his now deceased mother since the incident - it dredged up too many happy memories, happy memories that he would never experience again. But he couldn't stray and forget her completely...what kind of son would he be if he did that?"And it-it's hard, y'know? To try and p-push my feelings aside." Izuku mumbles. "But...I-I know I ca-an't dwell on them."He pauses, as if struggling to find more to say. Hound Dog only gives an encouraging nod. "And you know that's not what she would want." He finishes. "Your mother would want you to feel better, right?"Izuku nods, not willing himself to speak. Because that is what Inko would want, of course. It would be the same if they had swapped places. Like mother like son, after all.The One for All user hardly realized tears were dripping down his face, up until Hound Dog handed over a tissue. He took it gently, hands trembling."But it still hurts regardless," the hero hums, watching his carefully with a tint of concern, "and you feel as if you should have swapped places, right?""Y-yeah." Izuku whispers, and all of a sudden the space around him seemed very small. Constricting, unwilling to let him move.He was in the apartment again. Flames surrounding him, covering him.A quiet scream ringing in his ears.Red hot pain pain pAIN IT WASN'T STOPPING SHE WAS DYING-His fault his fault HIS FAULT- "Midoriya!"A voice broke through the pain and flames, through the smell of burning, charred flesh.A hand, unbelievably soft, landed on his shoulder and grounded the student.He gasped for breath, not really aware that he was panicking and hyperventilating. The other occupant of the room however had noticed, and was kneeling in front of him speaking in a soft undertone."Izuku, I need you to take deep breaths, alright? With me now. 1, 2, 3-"1, 2, 3. Izuku's body shuddered and twitched with every heaving intake of air. Cold air rushed through him, bringing him even further away from the scene which seemed so real-"4, 5, 6-""7....8....9," Izuku struggled to follow along, but his breathing was slowing, and he wasn't fighting to breath any longer. His heart was thumping painfully in his chest, feeling as if it would burst out.Hound Dog was watching him carefully, only pulling back when it was clear Izuku wouldn't spiral into another attack again. "Izuku."With a jolt, his still-beating heart, he realized the teacher had called him by his first name. If his face hadn't already been red due to the lack of oxygen, he was sure his face would be as red as a tomato due to the fact.Well, there was always later.His hands clenched the front of his shirt as he sat himself more upright. The hand from his shoulder moved to his own hands, gently unclasping them from his clothing. They then rested on something undeniably soft.Izuku stared, stunned, as Hound Dog maneuvered his scarred hands to rest atop his head."Pet me. I've been told its very therapeutic." the hero insists, and it doesn't take much else for Izuku to take his word for it.And he wasn't wrong in the slightest. Izuku allowed his fingers to thread themselves through his teachers fur, releasing the tension within his own body. He didn't hear the soft, pleased rumbling coming from Hound Dog's own throat.All good things came to an end, however, when the bell announcing the end of the day rang, startling the hero-in-training and almost earning a chuckle from his sensei."You look as if you could use some rest. You'll be very exhausted, Midoriya." And Hound Dog wasn't wrong, even with the activity Izuku still felt extremely drained, and he gave a small nod. "If you need an extra lesson before our next official one, you know where to find me.""R-right...sleep might be for the best." he states wistfully, struggling to his feet. "T-thanks, dad-" A pause...
Wait...DAD?!
"I-I-I m-mean Hound DOG, sir! C-certainly n-not dad, n-not at all!" Izuku's voice raises to a squeak, his face reddening as his eyes grow wide. He see Hound Dog still, but doesn't wait for a reaction, turning tail and bolting from the room. "B-bye sensei!!!"Inui is left speechless, literally. Part of his mind was to reprimand and dis-concern the action. But the most part...Thudding against the floor met the previous silence, the dog hero turning his head and glaring at the culprit."Traitor," is all he mutters at his tail, wagging happily.



Chapter End Notes
do y'all want to keep up with fic updates? other tibits i write based on this timeline?yes?? then i have a discord server, the freshest updates and memes only; https://discord.gg/UejmePJeveryone is welcome and yall can scream at me to write more


present mic
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Hey, Midoriyaaaa!!"The greenette jumped at the yell of his name down the hall, turning in alarm and causing other passing students to turn their heads. It was lunchtime at U.A, and the One For All user had been heading to the cafeteria, alongside Tenya and Eijirou to go get some lunch. The call had clearly startled him.But he relaxed once he saw that it was just Present Mic, striding up to meet them from the other end of the hallway. Once other students had deemed that it was indeed just the loudest teacher who ever had the graces to work at the faculty, they moved on. Izuku and the other two, on the other hand, waited for the teacher to see what he wanted.Present Mic finally catches up to them, clapping a hand on Midoriya's shoulder with a grin. "Your last English assignment got top score, Midoriya!! Seeing you write a tangent on the current hero society and how we can change it, in both the original Japanese and the re-written English version was outstanding!""Uh, t-thanks sensei!" Izuku stumbles over his words - he had almost forgotten that they were getting the grades for said assignment that day...he hadn't thought it was that great. "Although it could've been better-""Nonsense!! Even Shouta liked it - not that he'd admit it." Present Mic informs him, and Izuku's face flushes at the praise before he looks to his friend and boyfriend for help, wanting to be out of his teachers grasp.Except they're no longer beside him. They're down the hall, Tenya calling that they'll wait for him in the cafeteria before both he and Eijirou high-tail it out of there. Traitors.Oh, there would be payback, he would make sure.But for now, the teacher slings an arm around his shoulder haphazardly, blinding grin still on his face. "I actually have a proposition for you, lil green bean!""A proposition? Lil green bean?-""Come on, not here!!" and before Izuku knew it, he was being dragged along - away from the cafeteria, away from freedom.Izuku didn't know what was scarier - sure, Aizawa-sensei always looked sleep-deprived. But Present Mic was actually sleep-deprived, he worked three jobs and was still this bright...he wasn't to be trusted. Too bright.He didn't know what this proposition was, and he wasn't sure if he wanted to know.The grin Present Mic gave was...unsettling. 
 "...wait, so let me get this straight. You want me on your radio show???""Yep, kiddo!" Yamada-sensei throws his hands into a wild gesture. "If you want to go ahead with it, Nezu has already approved!! He seemed to really like your assessment of current hero society, and he thinks this will be a good opportunity for you, listener!""B-but I'm no good-""Nezu also says that your analysis on heroes is amazing! It'd do good for the public to hear more from aspiring U.A students, and we can make it a regular monthly or weekly thing, too!" Yamada seemed insistent on this."...won't Aizawa-sensei get mad if I'm missing for a night?""What he doesn't know wont hurt him-""But he'll find out." Izuku points out. "And I'd much rather not be on the receiving end of his capture scarf again."Present Mic got a gleam in his eye at that. "See, look at you. You've experienced a lot more than other second years. You could prove to be invaluable."Izuku's face was red once more at this point. "It's not that big a deal.""Lots of people will call in their support, too. The lil green bean they so obviously adore!""W-what-""That's how you have every teacher here wrapped around your crooked fingers! You're just too darn cute!""D-dad stop-" It was an abrupt silence, Izuku paling when he realized what he had just said."A-ah sensei I'm s-sorry-"
 "YEAHHHHH!!!" 
Izuku was put into a playful headlock, his english teacher having let off his quirk - he was sure his eardrums had burst, or something.At least Yamada seemed satisfied and, if anything, a little teary-eyed.Although it was for an entirely different reason when Aizawa burst into the room with his quirk activated, on a hunt for his husband having activated his quirk and disrupting his well-needed nap.How was Hizashi not a dead man yet? Honestly, it would forever be a mystery.



Chapter End Notes
do y'all want to keep up with fic updates? other tibits i write based on this timeline?yes?? then i have a discord server, the freshest updates and memes only; https://discord.gg/UejmePJeveryone is welcome and yall can scream at me to write more


cementoss



Izuku couldn't believe his luck - or perhaps, how unlucky he was. He didn't really know at this point.It was nearing seven in the afternoon, which wasn't too bad if he was back at the dorms, but he wasn't. Due to a little...malfunction with his quirk earlier in the day (honestly he hadn't meant to kick three of his fellow classmates so hard that they nearly had a building fall on them), Aizawa had decided he should spend more time training with his quirk.And usually, this would be with Aizawa since he could simple erase One For All if something were to happen - but he had to patrol tonight, and so had enlisted one of the other teachers. They had even rented out one of the many gyms that U.A provided for themselves, no use in getting other students caught up in Izuku's quirk.Cementoss was the one who took up the mantle in Aizawa's place. And if Izuku was being honest, he was probably the best choice with his quirk - he could continuously build more and repair whatever he broke with his Shoot Style. And with how fast he could bring the walls up, it could prove a challenge for Izuku, maybe he could push One For All to make himself go faster and possibly outpace the Cement quirks use? He didn't know if that would work, maybe he could ask Cementoss if they could properly spar and test that out...Eijirou had gone up against him in their first year and had been easily thwarted-"Midoriya, you're mumbling again."Izuku cuts himself off and flushes in embarrassment, looking towards the pro hero. "Sorry sensei!"Cementoss only smiles, and Izuku feels a wave of calmness wash over him - he was one of the more understanding teachers. "But, if you'd like, we can test out some of your theories." the pro adds. "I can keep creating walls and obstacles to get in your way, and you can see how much you can push your own quirk. I'd prefer if you tried not breaking a leg to accomplish this however.""Really sensei?! Thank you!"  It had been a viable theory to try out, Izuku figured. Seeing if he could move faster than Cementoss could get walls up - it would see if his sensei had any weaknesses when it came to speed.Izuku had managed to push himself to use about 45% of One For All while going against his sensei - and if anything, it ended up coming to a stalemate - they eventually ran out of ground that hadn't been smashed with Izuku's kicks, and Cementoss had called their session to an end; he seemed to be doing well with his quirk now, it seemed. There wasn't a need to keep going. It would be getting around the time for dinner, anyway, and Izuku was sure that his classmates were wondering where he was. After all, they hadn't heard the 'punishment' their sensei had given him.Was it really a punishment if he enjoyed the training?"You did a good job today, Midoriya." Cementoss praises with a smile. "Your strength and speed is uncanny to All Might. It was a challenge, for sure!"Izuku flails his hands slightly, a blush on his face. "Thank you sensei! I can see how Eijirou and Satou had such a difficult time going up against you in the exams last year.""Well, they did try to come from the front.""I'm sure next time I can bring Eijriou along, he'd love to have a rematch!" Izuku grins. "He always gets so hyped up, and I'm sure he'd want to test his Unbreakable against your cement prison.""Do you plan on kicking more of your classmates into buildings then, Midoriya?" a hint of amusement was present in his sensei's tone."O-of course not!! Aizawa-sensei would have my skin if I did!" "Oiii, Midoriya!"Both heads turned, seeing the doors swing open and Kaminari rushing in, his blond hair tousled. He grinned at the sight of his classmate."The others told me to come get you for dinner! Todoroki said he'd eat your share if you didn't hurry your ass up!""Well then, Midoriya, you best be hurrying up." Cementoss said with a hearty chuckle and resting a big hand on the students shoulder. "From what All Might and Aizawa tell me, Todoroki tends to eat much more than his fair share.""Sure, sure dad-" Izuku trailed off at the word again, silence overhanging.
Are you kidding me this is the THIRD TIME!?
Kaminari, who had been close enough to hear had nearly squealed, a cheeky grin taking place. "Oh man, this is so much better than the whole 'dads eye-fucking' incident!" he cackles.Suddenly, Kaminari's face looked very punchable."If you tell anyone Kaminari i swEAR!" Izuku all but shrieked, chasing after his classmate who made a mad dash for the doors to escape his grasp - even without his quirk it seemed Izuku could probably catch up. ...huh. Yagi's gonna be jealous I bet. Cementoss muses, his cement face blocking any embarrassed colour reaching his palette. He probably loves that kid the most out of any of us.He wasn't that shocked, not really...just surprised it wasn't All Might or even Aizawa who had gotten the privilege of being called 'dad' yet. ...at least he had something to hold over them now.



nezu
Chapter Notes
SORRY THIS CHAPTER TOOK SO LONGi just,, didnt know how to write itsaid chapter is completely crack



"Ah, thank you for coming in again, Midoriya! Your insight is truly remarkable.""A-ah, of course Mr. Nezu!" Izuku stumbles over his words, jittery as he stands up from his seat. Usually his nerves weren't so frayed - but being in the company of the school principle was more than enough to sway him. He was the smartest creature, after all. "I'm glad I was able to be of some a-assistance! But surely my quirk analysis isn't as great as you say-""Nonsense! You have a very talented mind brewing, Midoriya, and I am glad to provide you with an opportunity to learn more. You know as well as I do that the quirks we studied here today are extremely rare to come across - for both heroes and villains." the white mammal gestures to the sheets of paper scattered around his desk. "And it would do well for me to help you expand your knowledge. Having this advantage when going into battle would work well in your favor!"Izuku was excited to get back to his dorm and write down everything he had learned in this very informative lesson. "Of c-course, sir! Thank you very much for having me!" If you were to ask how Izuku had actually landed this session, he wasn't entirely sure himself. Sure, Aizawa and several other teachers knew of his hobby - keeping notebooks on heroes and quirks, writing down everything he could and everything he studied about them. But he hadn't known it was on the level that even the Principle got interested. He had been required to hand over one of his notebooks for the principle to just look at.He had thought that maybe he was going to be stopped in his hobby - or perhaps taught code, so if the enemy got their hands on his information, it would be more difficult for them to decipher.But after four days of missing his chosen notebook, Nezu had called him to his office after classes. Izuku had been sure he would be in some sort of trouble - but it had been the opposite.Nezu had spread out multiple sheets of paper across his desk, labeled with people and their quirks, and he was given a simple task - analyse.So he had. One quirk had turned to five, then turned to fifteen. Seconds to minutes.By the end of it all, it was dinner time, almost curfew and time for the green-haired student to hurry back to his dorm. Nezu had apologised for keeping him - but Izuku had enjoyed himself. He hadn't known that was possible with the principle. "Perhaps, with permission from Aizawa, we can have one of your upstanding classes replaced with something much similar to this." Nezu suggested before the student headed out. "I think we could both learn a lot, working together."There was a knowing smile on the bear-dog-rat's face, and Izuku sent his own smile back. "Aizawa-sensei might try to fight you for that - not that he would succeed, you'd make sure he knows its for my best interests.""Ah, Aizawa does seem to keep you close. Not wanting you to cause trouble, I suppose." the child did seem to attract all the trouble, after all.Izuku looks offended at the teasing his principle is giving him, face turning red in embarrassment. But before he can say anything, Nezu shoos him off - stating that Aizawa might put him back on house arrest if he isn't back to the dorms by curfew. That sends the student sprinting, calling back his thanks once more.  
"...thanks, dad."

The rodent principle gazes at him, a somewhat soft smile on his features. "No problem, Izuku."
  Izuku awakes with a gasp, suddenly sitting upright as his heart hammers deeply in his chest...oh, oh. It...it had just been a dream.A creepy dream that he never wanted to have again. A shudder passed through his body. Nezu would be a scary parent...Blinking in the dark, Izuku groped for his phone across the bed, eventually finding it and turning the screen on, checking the time.
3:45 am
Those numbers blinked at him as the teen suppressed a sigh. Well, he still had about two hours left before he had to get up. He could just leave that terrible dream behind. It wasn't as if Nezu had to know-
Bzzzt.
Izuku looked down at his phone as it buzzed, was there a villain attack going on? Maybe he could stay up for a bit and write some notes! He had been meaning to update his notebook, perhaps Hawks or Miruko had been seen - he always admired how young they were, and to be in the top ten! He threw his blankets off him, about to scramble off his bed before he saw the notification.  Nezu   8:49 amNezu: I'm glad you see me as a parental figure, Izuku 
Wha-? HOW?!
 Nezu: I know everything my dear boy Nezu: :) Izuku promptly shrieked, unconsciously activating One For All and tossing his phone across the room - the small device colliding with the neighbouring wall and due to the power, creating a hole and sounding like something had exploded.Oh no.Izuku leapt to his feet, rushing to assess the damage as the student next door squawked indigently at being awoken from their slumber. There was a hole that connected Izuku's room to the other now.
Oh no.
"Sorry Hitoshi!" he cried, his purple-haired friend having gotten to his feet and moved to the hole, the bags under his eyes looking worse."Izuku, what the hell? You're lucky the damn thing didn't hit me!" Hitoshi near snaps. The hole itself was decently sized - either student could squeeze through if they wanted. "What even happened?"
"Nezu happened!" 
He rushed to tell his friend what had occurred, with Hitoshi only listening to him dumbly. Izuku was honestly surprised that no one had come to investigate - surely not everyone had slept through it, right? It had sounded like Bakugou was somehow back in the dorms, not controlling his quirk!Hitoshi only blinked at him once he finished, taking a moment to speak. "Izuku - you know Shouta is probably gonna kill you for this, right?"Izuku felt the colour drain from his face. Oh no, oh no.
Aizawa-sensei was going to kill him!!
He vaguely heard Hitoshi say something about 'resting in pieces' as he fell into his own despair. His apparent dad-figure wasn't going to be able to save him from this one.



snipe
Chapter Notes
yeehawchapters might be smaller now because i cant really drag them on



"Holy hell-!"Izuku could barely dodge the bullet that whizzed past his face, just inches from its intended target. That was close, Snipe-sensei's skill is beyond amazing...then again, it is his quirk...He wondered if he could make the time to question the pro about his quirk after class...after all, Aizawa-sensei wouldn't be too please if he stopped the match just to ask a few questions. "Go for the throat Midoriya!!!""Shut up."Izuku could hear his classmates cheer in the background, as well as Aizawa-sensei telling the more...rambunctious students (aka, Kaminari), to keep quiet. He was more worried about the figure in front of him, who had already fired off a shot.The class for today was suppose to be about self defense - and how to fight back against someone who attacked first, for more small-time villains with quirks that may not be entirely based on strength or speed. Like Izuku's own quirk, or quirks like Kacchan, Todoroki and Aoyama.The practice was also dependent on what their attack range was, and since several students could now fight long and close range, Aizawa had bought in Snipe. Izuku had never seen the other pro fight hand-to-hand - but after he quickly wiped both Tokoyami and Ashido, he was skilled if that was anything to say. It certainly wasn't anything the students had expected.Izuku fired up 20% of One For All through his body, leaping towards where the teacher stood at the other end of the ring before aiming a kick for his head - one which Snipe ducked under. He stumbled slightly as he landed, back towards his teacher before he swerved around, aiming another quick kick.It happened quickly, and he certainly hadn't been expecting it.Snipe moved out of his kicks range before quickly delivering a kick to the back of the boys other leg, the one keeping him standing. Izuku fell, and before he knew it, he had been pinned down, his arms behind his back.The class was stunned...after all, already in their second year at UA, Izuku did have one of the strongest quirks."And that, class, is how you deal with someone who is both faster and stronger than you." "W...wow." Izuku was speechless, and after another few moments pinned, the pressure let up, and he rolled onto his back. "That was so cool!" His eyes practically sparkled as he stared at Snipe, who chuckled before offering a hand to help him up."You certainly have the speed to take down someone attacking ya, kid. But you lack the brain to actually do it. Don't think the teachers don't know whats in that big head o' yours."Izuku flushes at that as he's pulled to his feet, and he hears some of his classmates chuckle and snicker along with his teachers words. "I-I mean you're not wrong-""I'm just pulling your leg, kiddo." If Snipe didn't have his mask on, Izuku was sure he'd be grinning in amusement at just how easy it was to fluster the student. "But your attempt wasn't too bad, if you'd gone up against Eraserhead, he'd have kicked yer ass."More laughter spreads among the class, and Aizawa-sensei glares, eyes tinting red. "So all of you are that eager to fight me, are you?"That shuts everyone up. "Regardless," Snipe ignores the low threat of his co-worker. "Start thinking and analyzing more, Midoriya, and you should be able to take on your enemies easily, especially without the use of your quirk." he states, placing a hand on the students shoulder.Izuku beams, a warmth spreading at the praise. "Thanks, dad!" A beat of silence.Before the call turned into absolute chaos. 
"I TOLD Y'ALL IT'D BE SNIPE NEXT! PAY UP BITCHES!"
 Izuku, on the other hand, had sunk to the floor, face hidden by his hair. Not again, how many times was this going to happen?!"Sorry, sensei..." he manages to squeak out, and in all honesty, Snipe wasn't that worried, just comfortingly patting his head a few times. No, he was more worried about the look Aizawa sent his way.



ectoplasm
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku huffs as sleepiness invades his mind, the greenette opting to lean it against the nearest shoulder in his vicinity - Shouto's, as luck would have it, as they sat on the couch. And on his fire side too."I don't know why everyone insisted on having a sudden karaoke night." he hums, allowing his eyes to close as Shouto gives him a look, although he doesn't go to move the other away. "It's almost curfew, where are they even getting all of this-""Aoyama sounds really excited about it." the half and half student comments thoughtfully, surveying his classmates as most make a ruckus around the common room, setting things up and clearing more space - because it wasn't going to be just them."So Ashido and Kaminari invited the teachers? How'd that go?""Aizawa-sensei gave them a glare before shutting the door in their faces. But Midnight, Present Mic and Yagi-sensei should be showing up...they're bring Ectoplasm along too because apparently he loves karaoke.""Aizawa-sensei might show up if we're too loud," Izuku thinks on that for a moment, before snorting. "Imagine Aizawa-sensei singing.""I can see it now; Aizawa-sensei with his deadpan voice, looking as if death has claimed him itself, singing 'Bring Me To Life'." Shouto sets up the scene perfectly, and the resounding decond snort he gets from Izuku nearly rolls the slightly smaller teen's head off his shoulder."Cue Fumikage joined in, a perfect duet."As the bustle gets louder around them, Izuku just snuggles into his new-found pillow - despite Shouto halfheartedly telling him he'd hurt his neck, and getting a 'but you're too warm' in response.Shouto just hopes Izuku won't try to come for him after what they have planned. 
 "I can't believe-""Loosen up Iida!" Ashido proclaims with a grin. "It's not as if we got actual alcohol-""Still!! Even with it being fake it paints us in a bad image!" Iida insists. "And as UA students-""Come on class pres! We're in our dorms at night. Not like we're out in public!"Izuku has to tune out the conversation as Tenya starts to go on, complete with his hand-chopping movements, trying to educate Ashido as Momo hovers and tries to get him to calm down - the teachers had arrived just a short while ago, and Jirou was setting up the last of the karaoke machine before they could start.Shouto shakes him off his shoulder, electing a slight scowl from the other. "They're going to be drawing names soon. Everyone wanted to do a duo for the first song.""Who's drawing the names?""Hitoshi, honestly one of the only people we can trust with it - Kaminari would change names until he got picked or something." the fire and ice student explains, and Izuku can't help but agree.However, when Hitoshi got the hat with all the names, the pile of paper inside looked surprisingly small.
Suspicious.
That should've raised several red flags. But it wasn't until Hitoshi pulled out the first two pieces of paper, looking at the names before he grinned. One aimed at him."Izuku and Ectoplasm, you're up first." 
Betrayal.
 Whoever was at the cause of this better be ready - but before Izuku could protest and interrogate the suspects, he was dragged towards the karaoke machine. Well, if he couldn't get out of this...maybe the song wouldn't be so bad?"And the song chosen is - Life As A Salesman!"The world had it out for Izuku, didn't it?  Oh boy. There was still a chance, a very slim chance, that this wouldn't turn out bad...right? 
  Fortunately the song had Japanese subtitles.Unfortunately, as soon as the first line popped up, Izuku knew that he had absolutely been planned to do this from the very start.But he had no choice...
Fake it til you make it Izuku, fake it til you make it.
  "What's a dad for a dad-" cackling from his classmates, and Izuku glared. Even Present Mic and Midnight seemed mildly amused."Tell me why I'm here dad,Whisper in my ear that I'm growing up to be a better man, dad.Everything is fine dad,Proud that you are mine dad,'Cause I know I'm growing up to be a better man."  Honestly, if only Hisashi could take advice like this. It was several years too late for that, however.When the chorus came up, Ectoplasm joined in, ecstatically belting it out that Izuku felt as if he just had to join in, if only for a little bit of fun.The song however was over too son, leaving most of his classmates wheezing for breath. It'd been a set-up. 
He'd indirectly referred to Ectoplasm as 'dad'.
 However, instead of trying to throttle the answers out of his classmates, he turned to the clone quirk user in question and gave his brightest grin. "Sensei, your legs are just prosthetic, right?""Yep, both of them. Why ask?""Could I borrow one for a moment?"At the kids big, round eyes and puppy-like expression, Ecto couldn't say no - he removed one, handing it to Izuku. He thanked his teacher before turning to his classmates."Now...which of you set it up?"The smile on his face now was unsettling, and after a few moments, Hitoshi relented."It-it was Shouto. He was so convinced you're UA's resident child."Izuku swore he heard Shouto mutter 'traitor' under his breath as the half and half teenager vaulted himself over the couch and sprinted for the staircase - the One For All user not far behind, leg in hand. 
"I told you nothing like that was true!!"




Chapter End Notes
the song in this chapter was suggested in the discord server! go listen to it, it actually isnt that,, badhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dtcYOACkHY


vlad king
Chapter Notes
this takes place,, sometime during the chatficchapter 19, monoma copies midoriya's quirk and blows up his bones,,,

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Irresponsibly, the both of you." Izuku can't help the slight smug look that crosses his face as the three of them meander down the halls towards the school infirmary. And what would you know, Izuku wasn't even the one hurt this time! A new record, really.A whimper of pain caused the greenette to look at the person it came from - Monoma, the blond had tears in his eyes as he cradled his ruined arms to his chest. Or, at least he tried to. When Aizawa had found the two, he had given his capture weapon to the injured student as a sling, until he could get treated by Recovery Girl.Well, Izuku had warned him. Monoma was always on his classes back, about how his class was 'so much better', and yeah, he'd be willing to bet that the class was better than his own at certain things.After all, class B didn't have villains constantly gunning for them or a classmate who had the temper of a short-wired bomb. But Izuku would digress, Monoma was probably the closest the opposing class got to someone like Kacchan."I didn't mean for it to happen, Aizawa-sensei." Izuku felt guilt, at the fact his fellow hero course student had been injured - he'd never wish the pain of broken bones on anyone honestly...unless it was a villain, maybe."Yet here we are," Aizawa mutters, not bothering to look at the two trailing after him. "Monoma, I thought you of all people would know not to copy a quirk like that, at least outside of training. You've seen first-hand how dangerous and literally bone-crushing it can be.""I know..." Monoma's voice was quiet and laced with pain. "I just-""You wanted to prove you were better than class A, right?" the teacher cuts in, and once the blond gives a minimal nod, the erasure hero rubs at his temple with a hand. "We really need to get a handle on your superiority complex...not as bad as Bakugou mostly, but its unhealthy, especially against future heroes who you might eventually have to team up with.""....sorry, sensei." the blond murmurs, and he has the decency to sound actually genuine."I'll leave any punishment for you to Vlad King - he'll be meeting us at the infirmary, as well as the Principle."Both students winced at that because oh boy, facing the principle was not at the top of their lists of things to do today. 
"How many times have I told you to be careful?!"
Izuku winced as Recovery Girl's cane wacked him in the back of the head, lifting a hand to rub at the sore spot sheepishly. "I-it wasn't even my fault this time!" he insisted. "I told Monoma not to copy it!"Regardless, he could absolutely understand where she was coming from, the older heroine scowling before she padded over to where Monoma had seated himself on a spare bed, Aizawa's capture weapon removed from his arms."And you - you're lucky you're too hurt for me to hit." Recovery Girl scolds the other boy. "What were you thinking? Teenage boys and their complexes." she mutters, quickly assessing the damage on the others arms. "Well, you're lucky that they're just broken with no risk of losing mobility. However, it'll take two dosages of healing for them to be fixed completely.""So he'll have to stay for the day?" Aizawa questions, and Recovery Girl nods, planting a kiss onto the blonds forehead."And most of tomorrow, too - mostly for observation.""Well, I guess I'm done here, then," Aizawa sighs before giving Izuku a look. "You can stay here until Vlad and Principle Nezu arrive, then you come straight back to class, got it?""Of course, sensei."Aizawa's grunt was the only confirmation he got that he had been heard, and the student watched his homeroom class teacher leave before looking at Monoma, who was now laying down on the bed as Recovery Girl wrapped them up."You're lucky your arms didn't turn out worse." Izuku comments, and all he gets is a glare in return.Ah, the old Monoma was back. Fantastic.  Vlad King hadn't taken long to arrive fortunately, Izuku was sure that the other student was trying to stare right through him and blame all of this on him. That or he wanted to know about the others quirk, but held off from asking questions. Recovery Girl was still in the room checking Monoma's vitals after all, as well as just in general tidying up the room."Vlad-sensei!" Monoma's eyes move to his own homeroom teacher as the blood quirk user walks in, nodding a greeting to Recovery Girl as he did. "You sure got here-""Quiet, Monoma. I'll deal with your punishment later." Vlad King looks as if he wants to sleep as he stares at his most troublesome student. "I've told you not to go aggravating Class 2-A.""I didn't-""Yet here we are, with you copying a quirk thats too dangerous - you could've armed more than just yourself!"Monoma falls silent, gazing to the side and avoiding his teachers eyes before Izuku coughs, going to speak up."While I don't particularly like his actions sensei...I'm sorry I allowed him to get hurt for copying my quirk. I told him not too, but I should've tried to pin him or do something to stop him." Izuku then bows a little for good measure."Ah, don't worry Midoriya. Monoma's ego needs to be fixed - you won't get in trouble for what happened." Vlad tells him. "And I'm sure Monoma has learned his lesson."Hopefully, is all Izuku thinks...that was a bit of a far fetch, wasn't it?"Anyway," Vlad's voice breaks Izuku out of his stupor. "You should head back to class, Eraserhead won't be too happy if I keep you for much longer. Try not to take any of Monoma's actions to heart."Izuku can only reassure the teacher. "Ah, I think Iida is probably more upset because the walls got destroyed..." after all, the other teenager was always extremely...enthusiastic when it came to anything UA related."Well, deary, try not to break anyone elses bones, you hear?" Recovery Girl speaks up, walking over to Izuku and handing him a few gummies. "You're going to give Aizawa or Yagi a heart attack one of these days."Honestly, Izuku wouldn't be surprised if he did. He only manages to nod weakly...no point in promising something he would probably break in the near future. The student then goes to leave after seeing Vlad had Monoma under control.He could feel the other students eyes follow him....well, might as well add more fuel to the flame, right?"I'll see you later, Monoma...dad-sensei." Vlad spluttered and almost choked on air while Monoma had a shook expression on his face. Izuku left with a grin on his face before he could see what that morphed into, but he was sure he could hear the other trying to get up, spewing that 'Class A couldn't have all the teachers!'Well, too bad for Monoma...now he didn't feel as bad that his arms broke.



Chapter End Notes
so in saying this,,, vlad was technically the first teacher called 'dad', but it was for a joke,,,vlad also never brought it back up,,,,,maybe that should change


power loader



All Izuku wanted was an upgrade to his costume - thats all he asked for!!Power Loader-sensei had agreed to over-seeing the new developments he wanted for his gear - a colour change to his gloves and a brand-new visor that could go under or over his hood. He'd wanted a visor much like Momo's; hers allowed her to look up the chemical makeups of objects she wanted or needed to make, instead of lugging around the dictionaries she had gotten with her first costume version.His, however, would allow him to tap in quirk information - possible quirks of enemies he faces and list their strengths and weaknesses. It'd help with all his quirk analysis, with how detailed he wrote it these days. And it'd allow him to access his notes on the job. He had already tried carrying around his own notebook once - safe to say, it hadn't worked.But as soon as he had stepped foot inside the support department, one peculiar student had made herself known.Hatsume Mei.And she was absolutely dying to test out her newest babies.  "Hatsume-""Oh, oh! What about this!" the pink-haired inventor was strapping something to the back of Izuku's leg before he could protest, a wild grin on her unsettling, dusty face. He couldn't even catch a glimpse of the object before he heard something whir to life."Wha-wait, Hatsu-"He lets out a strangled noise as the contraption wraps around his leg, and he looks down. "What-"All of a sudden, his leg just slides right out from under him. A yelp escapes the boy, and he prepares to meet the floor - but that doesn't happen. The device whirs once more before it pulls him towards the door of the department. He's almost flung into the wall of metal, and he tries to pry himself from the door - however, it doesn't work. "Hatsume!! What did you do?!"The girl lets out a chuckle, throwing up her hands. "It finally works!! That was the twelfth version!""Hatsume!""Oh, right!" Hatsume bounces on the balls of her feet, coming over to him to inspect the device. "It's leg braces that act like a magnet - although the pressure is so great, you can't really move that much.""And...why did you make it?""Haha! A little personal project on the side in case I needed to trap anyone."Izuku huffs at that, and as she goes on a tangent, he begins to think that he is to be forever up against the metal, never to be let down because the other student would forget him - not surprising in the slightest.However, a side door was opened, and Izuku watched as his savior walked in."Power Loader-sensei!!"The man took one look at the mess his student had made, before scowling beneath his helmet, giving his student a look. "Hatsume." which caused his student to stop, face him before realising that her 'baby' still had Midoriya captive.She quickly shut it off, and Izuku sank to the floor in relief."I just wanted some changes for my gloves," the green-haired boy whines, and he feels Hatsume's eyes zoom in on his form."Changes, you say?" Power Loader is quick to put her through her paces and send her off to work on some of her other inventions. Once he managed to get back on his feet, Izuku went over with the new things he wanted with his hero costume, as well as the colour changes for his gloves - black and red instead of white, blue and orange.Power Loader had even offered to show him how they worked on the hero gear - to give him first-hand experience, but Izuku knew that being within grabbing range of Hatsume at any given time was a mistake, so he politely declined.A chuckle escaped the teacher as he gave the kid head pats - honestly he wasn't surprised, either. Hatsume was a handle to deal with, even her friends had to admit that.After finish off the details, he told the One For All user that the upgrades would be done within the week, much to Izuku's relief - and he thanked his teacher extensively.  A week later, the boy had arrived back to pick up his new gear, cheerfully greeting Power Loader and Hatsume as they presented the new pieces to him. His two sets of gloves, both the sleeve-length ones that provided braces for his arms, as well as his air force gloves; both were now black-based, with red stripes where blue had previously been. And on the air force gloves, where they had accents of orange, they were now also red.His new visor was done, too. Much like the no. 2 hero, Hawk's, visor that he wore with his hero costume; they were tinted the same dark green as his costume with red on the sides, and rested comfortably on his face. He had access to his own server online, too - where he could record and keep track of quirks. It'd also connect to any computer or laptop he needed it to, in case he needed to transfer the information."Thank you so much, sensei!" Izuku marveled at the new items, excitement growing as he studied them closely, "and you too, Hatsume!""Of course!!! We even added some extra features!" Hatsume proudly declares, her face mirroring his excitement. "The red accents on your gloves can glow in the dark, and the brightness can be adjusted - in case you ever get stuck somewhere its dark! The visor has that same ability, too. It has a spoken command which is in the manual.""She nearly added metal retractable claws to the gloves," Power Loader muses, and Hatsume huffs as she adds that they'd have been a perfect addition to his arsenal.Izuku was sure that was the last thing he needed."Well, they look great the way they are! And I'm sure the light feature works good, I'll test it during training later today." the boy states happily, placing the items into his costume case hurriedly so he could go and get out of their way."Remember to come back if there's any problems~" Hatsume chuckles, waving one of her many, many devices in hand. "Or if you need something different.""Of course!" Izuku doesn't glance at them as he bundles his case into his arms, and goes to hurry out. "Bye Hatsume, Dad-sensei!"It appeared he hadn't even noticed his slip on tongue, leaving the two as Power Loader seemed to stop. Almost as if he was frozen like technology. Hatsume waved her hand in front of his face, and when he didn't react she cackled. "Oh, I'm going to be able to do loads with this!"



special edition no. 1 - midnight
Chapter Notes
yall ready for mom energy



The common room was quiet...a surprise, in all honesty. It should've raised some red flags. With people like Kaminari and Ashido in the class, everyone else had learned that a quiet room was never a good thing.But Izuku had no clue where the others had gone...The One For All user had settled himself onto one of the comfortable couches, legs pulled up as he half-curled into one of the corners. He had brought one of his hero analysis notebooks along with him, resting it on his knees as he opened it and flicked through the pages. He was up to volume 15, already - and was a little over half done. Even with the visor that was now part of his costume storing information, it never hurt to keep up-to-date on heroes and students he had in his current notebook.And besides, he could keep a lot more information in these notebooks than in any of the technology that the support department could make him.It also proved as a hobby...and, well, habits were hard to break. He'd been doing this for so many years...could he really stop?He looked down at the half-filled page he had stopped on - his newest update for Momo. He'd been adding hew new gear and costume upgrades, as well as trying to devise new ways she could improve and use her quirk, especially in dire situations. Although she'd been doing so well recently, she needed to stop relying on big items to get herself out of a tight spot...He began to scrawl on the page with his usual chicken-scratch called 'handwriting', brows knitted together as he let his surroundings be forgotten, allowing himself to be lost to his mind - with only his thoughts and his notebook.Izuku wasn't even made aware when someone had made their way into the building, an entrance that was not-so-subtle. Midnight had been told by Aizawa to go and check on the students who had slept in, or had missed the class outing - just to a nearby grocery store, and the hero had begrudgingly allowed several students to accompany him.According to him, the only ones they had left behind were Midoriya, Tokoyami, Shouji, Ojirou and Iida - the latter three had been studying, while the former two had either been sleeping in or hadn't answered to anyone trying to contact them.Not that Nemuri minded - they were good students, nothing like the little gremlin Mineta.Not only that, but if she got the chance she wanted to get to know the students more - she'd heard all the dad drama surrounding one Midoriya Izuku. You could colour her intrigued.Apparently Yagi was close to coughing up a lung when Power Loader told the rest of the students his own story with the boy. Hadn't stopped him from giving a not-so-subtle glare to the other teacher, however.So she had strode into the dorms, only to be met with two things. Mostly silence - something that was a rarity in this building.But where it wasn't silent, she heard a pencil meeting paper - obviously someone was up and about. And it just so happened to be her rather adorable-looking target.His hair reminded the teacher of a bush - without the dirt or leaves and she wondered if it felt as soft as some teachers claimed it to be. The look on his face as he concentrated on writing down...whatever it was...well, she couldn't resist.Nemuri pulled out her cellphone, and was quick to snap a photo of the boy curled up, minding his own business.It was the click of the shutter that brought him out of his stupor. Despite it being so quiet...it'd badly startled the poor kid. Izuku had ended up on the floor, after nearly having a heart attack. "M-Midnight-sensei?!" He's quick to scrabble to his feet, picking up his notebook along the way as Midnight look at the photo she took and coos."So adorable~ I wonder if I can sell these to the other teachers.""Wh-what?!"Nemuri only gleams at the new possibilities, watching as the students face flushes. "And now look at you, with those freckles you look like a strawberry!" Izuku can deal with this - surely. He lets Midnight take another photo, preparing to send them to the teacher group chat when he finally has an idea on how to stop her."If those pictures make their way around the school, you better be prepared for war, Mom-sensei."Spur of the moment, but it shocks the hero for a split moment that the student takes.Activating Full Cowl, Izuku quickly darts forward and snatches the phone, intending on deleting the photos. Taking a teachers phone? Not his greatest plan...and did the photos survive? Well...thats for Izuku and Nemuri to know.



lunch-rush
Chapter Notes
a short chapter because i dont know how to write lunch rush

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




No food. How was there no food in a kitchen?!Izuku had to suppress a huff as he checked the cupboards for what was likely the thirteenth time in five minutes - only to discover that, of course - no food had magically appeared. He groaned.This wasn't fair.He knew that Tenya and Momo had left only half an hour earlier, saying they were going to buy groceries for the dormitories - but he didn't know they meant that everything was gone! Usually they'd have gone before all the food had been eaten...And hearing all his cheerful classmates clattering around the common room didn't distract the boy from the fact that he was, indeed, starving. He'd been training earlier and hadn't had the time to eat breakfast...Well, sure looks like he wouldn't be having lunch, either.Izuku was tempted to curl up and just wait right there on the kitchen floor - he knew Tenya and Momo would probably be another hour and a half to two hours at best, it wasn't easy or quick to shop for so many teenagers staying in the one building. But he heard someone enter the kitchen behind him, and turning the green-haired boy was met with the unimpressed look of Shouto, with Hitoshi behind him."I told you to come down and eat this morning," and Izuku knew the dual haired boy was right. "You're hungry aren't you?""A bit-""Well you're in luck - we're gonna sneak into the cafeteria," Hitoshi cuts in, a somewhat smug look on his face. "And you, my friend, are our ticket in."Izuku took a step back because oh no, he did not like that look. "And how is that?" he sweats...the cafeteria was closed at this time - as it usually was on weekends."You, Izuku, are going to be to one to talk to Lunch-Rush and ask if he can cook us something.""Wait, why?! Anyway, you're the one with the brainwashing quirk!"As expected, Izuku went unanswered, and was all but dragged along.  Sneaking into the main building and one set of puppy-dog eyes later, Izuku had convinced the cooking hero to take them to the cafeteria kitchens in order to fix up something real quick - as long as they promised not to tell the other students in the class.After all, most of the others weren't that great...or rather, downright awful at cooking. Even after they'd gotten several classes from Lunch-Rush himself.Izuku actually liked the hero - although he didn't understand how he was a hero if his quirk was just making food taste better. Did he take villains down by giving them the tastiest meals?
That was food for thought.
They hadn't spent much time one-on-one, but Izuku felt...calm around the cooking hero. Maybe it was for the fact that he could whip up a hot chocolate whenever he was feeling down, or the fact his brain just assumed every adult was a parental figure......wow. No, Izuku, you've already made that mistake too many times! Being hustled into the kitchens, Hitoshi had already gone off to find some snacks, not really wanting to cook his own food - so either he'd find something or take some off Izuku or Shouto when they were done.Although, to be honest, Shouto couldn't cook that well either. Izuku would have to keep an eye on him-"Wait Todoroki, don't cook the egg on yourself-!"and Izuku had to dash over and snatch the egg before his friend cracked it onto where he had rolled his pant leg up. The dual haired boy looked up in disdain as Lunch-Rush fretted about how it wasn't the proper way to cook."I have a fire quirk.""That doesn't mean you can use your body as a pan!" Izuku insisted, flailing his hands around, being mindful of the egg in his hand."Thanks for stopping him, Midoriya. Wow, you class 2-A students are crazy." Lunch-Rush murmurs, taking the unbroken egg from Izuku and putting it away. Shouto gives him a look.Oh. Oh..."Shouto....""I bet he's your dad too, isn't he?" Did Izuku take back the egg and crack it into Shouto's hair?Absolutely. Hitoshi cackles from where he found a bag of chips, crunching on them happily. "Shouto, leave him alone with his dad problems."
"I swear every teacher is his dad!"
"Shouto!!""Hey kid, I don't mind." Lunch-Rush admits bashfully, "besides, the others got the same treatment, eh?"
"I don't need more dads!"
Lunch-Rush, however, wasn't deterred, and forced the greenette into a hug. "I mean, you'd get all the free food-""Ok," and just like that, Izuku agreed. And whenever he got free pastries or snacks from a special delivery, he just told his classmates it was from, possibly, the best dad.Izuku could swear he saw Aizawa-sensei and Toshinori's eyes twitch whenever he brought it up...but it was probably just his imagination. ...right?



Chapter End Notes
for people interested in other fics from me and haven't voted;im holding a poll to figure out what multi-chapter fic i should write next if anyone wants to have a vote!you can vote up to four different options. all will be written at some point or another, but i want to do whatever the people would be most interested in reading first!the fic with the most votes is what will get written alongside with the current chatfic! it'll close whenever i reach chapter 70 uwuhttps://www.strawpoll.me/17530302


special edition no. 2 - thirteen
Chapter Notes
thirteen deserves to be included even if its a short chapteralso we get eri this chapter!!! yeetthis chapter doesnt contain mido calling thirteen by anything since 'parent' didnt fit as a gender neutral term with what i wrote but!!! the parental thoughts are There

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Time to head back to your room, Eri-chan."The white-haired girl looked up, sleepily rubbing at her eyes from where she laid, curled into a certain problem child's side. "Hmm?" she hummed, not wanting to move from her warm spot.Thirteen had been left in charge of the trouble class, given that Aizawa was needed for an emergency patrol. That also meant taking care of his young charge. The little girl had been spending the day with class 2-A, and from what Thirteen gathered, they had been watching Disney movies...It was almost midnight, and most of the students sans a certain greenette with Eri, had wandered off to bed."It's time to go to bed, Eri. It's almost midnight.""Bed...?" Eri blinked her eyes to appear more awake, but it seemed to be doing the complete opposite as she settled down. "Izuku-nii warm..."The rescue hero gently goes to pick up the child, who whines as she's moved about. "You can see Midoriya tomorrow - but Aizawa wont be too happy if you stay down here instead of going to bed," Thirteen let their gaze survey the sleeping Midoriya for a moment - they would have to come back down and rouse him to go to bed once they were done with Eri.The child doesn't protest, clinging to Thirteen and drifting back to sleep as they carry the sleeping girl upstairs to where the teachers stayed in the dorms. She was easy to settle down once she had the blankets softly tucked around her shoulders. One down, one to go.If only the second was as easy. 
 "Young Midoriya, you need to wake up."No response. Thirteen sighs, shaking the boys shoulder for the fifth time since having come back downstairs. He wasn't roused at all.How can teenagers sleep so deeply...and it wasn't like Thirteen was going to risk moving him - according to several sources he hadn't been getting much rest lately. Thirteen didn't want to ruin that.But it wasn't any comfortable to be sprawled across a couch like this, he'd surely hurt his back."Midoriya, please-"Thirteen went to gently try and rouse him again, only to be taken aback as the student rolled on his side slightly, arms wrapping tightly around the rescue heroes arm and huffing slightly, curling closer.If Thirteen wasn't wearing their hero costume, they'd probably have a flushed face by now - this isn't what they wanted!But there was no denying that he looked adorable - the teacher had heard several of the other teachers talk about their own 'incidents' with the boy. They often payed attention to how distraught Yagi looked whenever the topic came up, or how Aizawa not-so-subtly paid attention." 'ive more minutes..." the boy clinging to their arm mumbles, burying his head into the somewhat soft arm of their costume. Their heart feels as if its going to burst because no this wasn't fair-They could see why Yagi and Aizawa were so fond of him now - even at the age of almost seventeen."Midoriya?" Thirteen tries once more.As expected, he doesn't rouse again. Thirteen decides to roll with it, shifting the student slightly so they could sit down. They'd just have to wait until Aizawa returned, probably.But they couldn't deny that the sentiment was nice...Midoriya, if anything, only cuddles in closer to the warmth, and Thirteen doesn't mind, even if the boy was going to be a stuttering mess whenever he awoke. They could see why so many were so protective of him and the others now. 



Chapter End Notes
the poll for voting for my next fic is still up if you havent already voted!https://www.strawpoll.me/17530302it'll end when the main chatfic/first work of this series reaches chapter 70!


kurogiri
Chapter Notes
this is a crack chapter just like nezu's whoopsthats why its so short, this is the shortest chapter to datecontains sassier than normal izuku

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"I really wish you wouldn't make this so difficult, child," the mist-formed man sighs, staring in disdain at the boy he's been all but forced to keep an eye over."Wouldn't be so difficult if you just let me go-""I doubt that's very wise." Kurogiri cuts in, and the green-haired child has the gall to glare at him."Scared of Shigaraki?" he sneers, and oh dear, Kurogiri is beginning to think Toga put maybe a bit too many drugs in his system - wasn't he suppose to be nicer than this?"Ah, no - concerned rather. We don't really want to harm you - not yet, anyway." Kurogiri distastefully states, looking away from Midoriya Izuku and going to clean the cup he held in his misty hands. The others were currently dealing with the other hostage they had - getting all the information they could. "Shigaraki's tantrums are bothersome.""Because Shigaraki's a little bitch," and wow, that just felt so wrong to hear come out of his mouth. "Can't even fight me on his own - all those hands and he can't even put them to use." he snarks."Perhaps you should sleep it off, Midoriya," he was acting surprisingly, a lot like Shigaraki whenever something didn't go his way.Please, please, one Shigaraki was more than enough. What had he done to deserve this. The mist was distantly aware that the boy was saying something more, but he blocked it out for now. It appeared he wasn't going to sleep after all. "Shigaraki will be back soon to deal with you and your friend.""What's he going to do?"Kurogiri had no clue - he simply shrugged, and offered the boy some water to which he promptly refused. "He'll probably try to offer you and your classmate as bait for the heroes, or as a swap for All For One.""Can't All For One just break out himself??"He...he probably could. How was security like Tartarus stopping a man who was at least 200 years old? Surely he'd dealt with worse"..."Was there another reason Shigaraki wanted these children so bad?...huh... 
 "Kurogiriiiiii!"It had only been an hour since Shigaraki had arrived back. Everything had been perfectly fine.How did Shigaraki and Midoriya manage to set fire to his make-shift bar!! Midoriya was tied up it shouldn't be possible!"Shigaraki Tomura, please-""He's not telling me anything!" Shigaraki shrilly remarks, and Midoriya gives a sneer from where he's seated. Yep, he was absolutely on something thanks to Toga - that's what they got for having the girl get him."We would appreciate if you cooperated, Midoriya Izuku. It would be in your best interests, as well." Kurogiri levels him with a look. He certainly wasn't expecting what came out of his mouth."Well you'll just have to make me, dad."The boy smiles as Kurogiri chokes on air and Shigaraki slams his hand on the table hard, before hissing out in pain and cursing loudly. "You little shit-""Bite me, flakey." Kurogiri had enough. He can't do this, nope, not again. Shigaraki was enough.He ignores Shigaraki's rage as he warps the boy away, along with his companion in the other room. In all honesty, that face was almost enough to make Kurogiri hand himself back in.



Chapter End Notes
the poll for voting for my next fic is still up if you havent already voted!https://www.strawpoll.me/17530302it'll end when the main chatfic/first work of this series reaches chapter 70!


sir nighteye
Chapter Notes
i dont like sir nighteye all that much but i wrote him so i hope yall enjoy!!have some angstalso three new but short chapters? very nice

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




If you were to ask him, at first glance, Izuku Midoriya wouldn't be so sure on how he could describe someone. Especially not someone as complex as Sir Nighteye.A hero he had interned under, sure - but his internship hadn't run for very long. Overhaul and the Yakuza, the Eight Precepts of Death, were sure to put a stop to that when it came to their raid. When they saved Eri.When they had failed to save Mirio. Failed Nighteye.Izuku's first interaction with the man...wasn't a pretty sight. It wasn't something he was proud of, even if it hadn't been his fault.Sir Nighteye had told him that he intended Mirio to be the next holder of One For All. That he didn't deserve the quirk-He had stolen the chance from his senpai. Even after Sir had signed him on as an intern...the doubt still swirled deep in Izuku's gut. He had always felt as if he wasn't worthy of One For All, in a sense - after all, he broke his bones whenever he used too much, he wasn't getting stronger quickly enough.Whenever he failed even the slightest things, he often felt as if he was just letting All Might down. He was suppose to be his successor - to be the Symbol of Peace, to be the greatest hero.But then Sir Nighteye happened, his doubt came back ten-fold.Even moreso after his first encounter with Eri...when he had held her. She had been right there, right there!And he had let her go.He had let her slip out of his grasp, he had let her get back into Overhaul's hands, to be controlled, hurt-
 killed 
Sir had said it was good that they didn't try to take the girl. That their plan could be made, that they could move ahead and apprehend the group.But he had let her down. How could Izuku be a hero if he let her slip away once? If she had to feel fear, even for a few extra days.She hadn't deserved it. Like how he felt he didn't deserve One For All. Even with the raid, even with them taking down the yakuza-Guilt, rage, hurt all bubbled and welled deep inside Izuku, he was unwilling to let it out. Sir was in the hospital.He was in the hospital, All Might's former sidekick, his mentor-Had he really been a mentor? He hadn't known the other for very long...not as long as Mirio, who was taking it much, much worse than he.But...Sir had said, with one of his finals breathes, that he had changed the future. He had twisted fate. Did that mean All Might was no longer doomed to die, cursed by something Sir saw long ago? Was All Might safe? He wouldn't know.But Izuku hoped so... he didn't want to fail Sir again.  Izuku still wonders to this day, a little less than a year after the heroes death...would Sir have come to really like him?The greenette would hope so. As he stares down at the grave, marked with both Sir's hero and civilian name, he can only give a wane smile as he places the white rose to rest.He can only hope that now he can make it up. Izuku can only hope that Sir is watching Mirio become a hero.And himself, become a worthy holder of One For All.



Chapter End Notes
with the white rose - i looked it up and apparently its a fathers day tradition somewhere to honor dead fathers with white roses. this is japan but!! it is also fanfiction. let me have this--the poll for voting for my next fic is still up if you havent already voted!https://www.strawpoll.me/17530302it'll end when the main chatfic/first work of this series reaches chapter 70!


naomasa tsukauchi
Chapter Notes
I DIDNT REALISE THAT I HAVENT UPDATED THIS FOR LIKE 20 DAYS IM SORRY YALLI've had this almost done for like the past week,,, whoops

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Naomasa wasn't sure his day could get any worse, at this point. UA was currently under fire for the supposed death of one of their students, Hagakure Tooru. It was understandable, from a civilian standpoint, as a child had unfortunately lost her life against villains despite the attempts to save her until help could arrive.But that didn't mean people were very happy about it.He had just been aiming to leave the campus of the academy, reports full and ready to be processed at the police station; they had to get the information in on the new noumu's, as well as make an official statement that they were indeed on the lookout for the villains responsible. But fate was not so kind to let him leave quietly.The gates had opened, and the detective was almost assaulted by the amount of cameras and microphones that were all but shoved in his face, voices yelling over one another as they demanded a statement from the man that very moment.He had a headache, but he had a job to do. That job wasn't giving the media what they wanted. If he gave them even a lick on information, they'd sink their teeth in and demand more. He couldn't give them that. But they'd hound the students too, if they ever got the chance- "Detective Tsukauchi?" Too late, too late, the media had spotted the small group of students who had wandered up to the gate, having seen the commotion. The group consisted of Midoriya - who Naomasa had met a few times prior, and several of his friends; Ojirou, Aoyama, Shouji and Tokoyami.The media didn't cross the gate, but they began throwing and bombarding the students with questions. Aoyama and Shouji looked especially nerved while pure annoyance flashed on Tokoyami's face. Ojirou's gaze turned dark when a few of them threw out questions about Hagakure, and what had really gone on.It was Midoriya who spoke up, standing forward so he could block his classmates from the onslaught of questions thrown at them, "Do you all take joy when talking about traumatized students?"Several of the reporters fell quiet, while anger flashed through the gazes of others. One bold lady stepped forward, a look of defiance on her face. "We deserve to know as the public!"Naomasa stepped forward, resting a hand on the students shoulder, "Midoriya-""You don't have that right when you're acting as the villains did!" the boy snaps at the media instead, "we lost one of our classmates and we're all grieving, maybe get that through your thick skulls and think before making us having to deal with it before we're ready. As future heroes we all blame ourselves.""As you should-""You should leave before I call the teachers and the police." Midoriya all but threatens, his eyes wet with unshed tears. "The villains were the ones who killed our friend. You can't blame us for something we tried to prevent."They all look outraged, but finally Naomasa took the reins again, "I have several officers waiting just around the block. If you don't remove yourself from the premise immediately I will be forced to take you in. Leave these children alone."There was grumbling, but they made themselves scarce. But the damage had been done. "Mezou, Yuuga and I will take Ojirou back to the dorms," Tokoyami speaks up, stiff with pent-up anger before he looks at Midoriya. "Come back soon."The greenette only nods, not watching as his friends herd Ojirou back to the safety of their dorms - the blond was dealing with this the hardest. Izuku could only sigh and rub at his face. "...Midoriya?" The student had almost forgotten that the detective was there, and he refused to look at him. "I-I didn't mean to lash out at them.""You have every right to be bitter.""They don't stop to think and consider how we feel," he mutters a watery reply, knowing the tears were coming if wanted them to or not. He was slowly coming undone. "Are you alright?" Naomasa asked quietly, looking at the boy as he hesitated, before shaking his head. These students had already dealt with enough. And he knew Midoriya well enough; the kid needed a break. So Naomasa elected to rest his hands on the boys shoulders, seeing the tears trail down his face, "It'll be alright." Midoriya took that as an invitation to wrap his arms around the older man for comfort in the form of a hug as he silently cried.And, well, Naomasa couldn't hurt him and say no. He could see why Toshinori adored the kid so much. 



Chapter End Notes
if you'd like to keep up with any other fics im writing or contribute new ideas, feel free to come join my discord server!https://discord.gg/UejmePJ


special edition no. 3 - mitsuki and masaru
Chapter Notes
i was originally gonna write only masaru given how similar he and izuku are personality wisebut mitsuki kinda wedged herself in so yall get both! i actually liked writing for mitsuki  kinda weird how people chalk her up to be abusive towards katsuki because of like. one instance that was written as a gagbut i mean what do i know right i've been trying to write this for the past 2-3 weeks imi have no excuse



The Bakugou's were...they were something.Izuku had known the small family of three for as long as he could remember - of course, his relationship with Kacchan was extremely difficult to put into words, especially with everything they had been through. It was essentially in shambles, even now as the two admittedly tried to get their act together.And he knew the bulk of his personality came from home; which is why it never really shocked him, for how loud and brash Kacchan became. His mother was very much the same - hell, they looked almost exactly alike.Mitsuki was loud, brash, some who first met her would even say she was much, much too harsh on her own child. But having grown up around her, Izuku could see that she, like any other mother worried for her child...even if the way she did it could've been handled better. Izuku was outright terrified of her when he first met her; she'd been just like Kacchan, and having an older, stronger version of your bully wasn't for the faint-hearted.Masaru, on the other hand...was almost like a complete opposite to the two. He was soft-spoken, and often seen trying to diffuse any argument going on between his wife and child. Not that it would ever work...but it was always a valiant effort, especially because he always managed to put up with them on a day-to-day basis.Izuku always felt much, much more comfortable around Masaru, from a young child to even now. He was almost like the father he never had, given that he was close to Kacchan once, years ago, and would spend countless hours over at the others house.He was comfortable around the two, even as he and Kacchan grew apart. He stilled called them aunt/uncle, and he knew that Kacchan probably still referred to his mother in the same sense.It was hard to break that habit. 
 A 12-year old Midoriya Izuku fiddled with the hem of his shirt, not willing to knock on the door right in front of him. Really, his relationship with Kacchan had all but fallen to tiny pieces in the past few years - yet his teacher insisted on him being the one to take the blond his homework?He'd been down with the flu since the weekend and hadn't yet recovered, so someone had to go take him the work he missed. Since he lived the closest...Izuku was all but pressured into doing it. Not that his teachers minded how his classmates - Kacchan included - treated him.It was suppose to storm today as well, and the greenette could see the clouds rolling in. He had to be on his way home soon if he wanted to make it home before it began to rain. He didn't want to bother his mother into washing a soaked school uniform.But his fear of seeing the blond held him back. It made him hesitate.He knew it was unlikely for Kacchan to even open the door, if he was sick...that fear wouldn't go away.However, the boy knew he had to get it over with - hopefully one of Kacchan's parents would answer and he'd be able to leave quickly before his childhood friend even realized that someone from the school had dropped anything off. Better for it to be sooner rather than later.All it took was one knock. His hand shook slightly as he raised to do so, hoping that Kacchan wasn't up and about - or up at all, if he was fortunate enough. He quickly glanced down as he heard loud stomping on the other side, before the door was all but wrenched open. 
Wow, his shoes sure did look interesting today.
 "I told you stupid fuc-oh, Izuku-kun?"The greenette squeaked, managed to look up under his dark curls, "H-hi A-aunt Mitsuki!" he manages to stutter out, giving a wobbly smile. "Ito-sensei a-asked me to bring h-homework for Kacchan."He peered up at the taller blond woman, who had begun to shout when she had opened the door - only to spot that Izuku was there instead of, well, whoever was unfortunate enough to get on her bad side. A disgruntled scowl had taken over, but when Izuku said why he was here and proven he wasn't some sort of salesman, a softer grin took place on her face."Well, what are you standing out there for then, kiddo? Come on in!""Ah, I should p-probably-""Nonsense!" she clapped him on the shoulder, causing the boy to nearly jump out of his skin, "It'd been a while since we've had you over, sweetie.""Mitsuki, who's at the door?" Heavier footsteps further in the house indicated someone else, and upon hearing the voice, Izuku was slightly relieved."It's just Izuku, dear. Remember the little green-haired cutie Katsuki would play with all the time?"Izuku flushed red at that statement as Masaru finally made his appearance, his face also morphing into something soft and familiar as he took in the sight of Izuku."He came to give some homework to Katsuki, and I was just going to invite him for a snack," Mitsuki continued, moving her hand to ruffle his green and black hair. "Tried to pull a runner.""I d-don't want to intrude-""It's perfectly fine, Izuku-kun." Masaru speaks up gently, "Katsuki's sleeping in his room - and it looks like its going to rain soon. Even if you leave now, you'll probably be caught in the weather; I can give you a lift home.""I..." but upon seeing the expressions of the other two - unlike many others, who would look at his quirkless self with disgust and boredom - they truly wanted him here. He had a wobbly grin on his face, before he finally nodded."I-if I could get a l-lift home...I'd be very grateful..." The two were a constant pillar in Izuku's life, even when he and Kacchan drifted. They were an honorary aunt and uncle duo, the closest friends of his mother. He knew she trusted him in their care...he always felt safe with them.And that didn't change as the years went by. 
 Izuku fiddled with the hospital bedsheets absentmindedly, trying not to pay too much attention to the doctor and nurse checking his vitals. Only yesterday had he woken up...to discover that his mother-The greenette sighed roughly, bringing up a hand to wipe at his eyes which had begun to tear up. He didn't want to think about it but...it was all that had invaded his mind. He couldn't do anything whilst his mother had suffered...
Hisashi was a damn bastard.
As he heard the doctor and nurse whispering, he lifted his green gaze to watch him, before the doctor turned his attention to the wounded boy, a small smile on his lips."We've just been informed that some visitors are here to see you. We usually wouldn't let them up...but your teacher said to let you make the call."Izuku paused at that, clouded confusion settling in his brain. He knew Aizawa-sensei wouldn't have let any of the other students out of dorms, except for Shouto...and the teacher himself, along with Toshinori, were currently grabbing some food.If he was being honest, he just wanted to cry and fall asleep, he wasn't up to see anyone...but his curiosity got the better of him. "I...guess its alright...for now," the boy murmurs.The nurse nods and leaves tersely, her heels clicking down the hallway as the doctor finishes his scrawling on his clipboard, giving Izuku another look once-over before taking his own leave - telling him to call if he needed anything.Izuku sank back into the uncomfortable bedding with a whine, ignoring the stretch and sting of his still healing burns and allowing his eyes to flutter shut.Only for a moment.Because next thing he knew, the door to his room was being thrown open, slamming against the wall with a bang and startling the wounded patient. His eyes snapped up as warm, strong arms encircled him. He stiffened under the touch...but hearing sniffling, he was able to put two and two together about the figure."A-aunt Mitsuki?""Hey, ya damn brat," her voice held no usual bite to it however, and Izuku allowed himself to sink into the embrace, resting his head against the older blonds shoulder, "We've been worried about you, ya know.""Sorry...""You have nothing to apologise for," Izuku didn't look up at Masaru's soft voice, feeling another arm wrap around his shoulders. "Katsuki told us, before we saw the news..."Izuku felt more tears well up in his eyes, and Mitsuki pulled back, her hand pushing back Izuku's curls so she could look at him more clearly. "We've been trying to get in for the past two weeks...your teacher told us you'd woken up, they put in a word for us to get in," her eyes were red rimmed, and Izuku looked at the both of them.They'd taken time out of their day to come see him. To care for him."Hisashi is a dead man if he ever shows himself," the woman grumbles, pulling the younger boy into another hug, and he welcomed the touch as Masaru sighs."We're always here if you ever need us, Izuku," he tells him, and for once, since waking up, Izuku can feel the burden lift, if only even slightly. All Izuku can offer is a wobbly, watery smile, stifling his sobs into Mitsuki's shoulder as the sorrow takes its hold once more."...t-thanks..." he whimpers.Because regardless, he knows whatever happens...these two would always be there.His mother trusted them with everything, and so would he.



all for one
Chapter Notes
this is the third crack chapter, like with nezu's and kurogiri'salso a 'afo doesnt tell all might about tenko shimura' chapter since the 'dad' moment comes up in its place



"I'd almost forgotten what a stubborn child you had become, All Might."As the dust settled across the battlefield, All Might had to hold himself back. One For All was straining underneath his skin, flickering away as the last of its energy began to die within him. His true form - his small, skinny and sickly self - had already been revealed. Helicopters had likely already caught his pitiful form on display, showing it to all of Japan - to the world. But he strained, regardless, to keep his hold on his dying quirk.He wasn't done here, he wasn't done.He had so much to do, so much to teach Midoriya. He wouldn't accept it, not like this.
He wouldn't.
One For All crackled to life through his arm. He drew back. He had to make this count.  Izuku had ignored the shouts of Iida and Kirishima as he bounded off, One For All's energy skimming across freckled skin.He wasn't going to leave All Might there, he couldn't.He was his protege, the hero-to-be that would rise to his pedestal. The same one who would, one day, have to face All For One in his steed. Who would have to face the League of Villains. Seeing All Might - no, Toshinori stand there in his true form, bloodied and bruised...he couldn't just sit and watch. That isn't what a hero would do.Midoriya Izuku was not someone who would just sit around. Not whilst someone so important to him was in danger. Not when he could do something about it. So he advanced towards the fight.  In the end, no one outside of All Might and All For One knew what words the super-villain hard uttered after to make the Symbol of Peace look outright furious. It didn't matter. Izuku's dad-senses had been tingling. Someone who he very much did not consider a dad had said something.Neither of the older men had noticed the green boy come in at more than 5% of his power, drop-kicking All For One right in the back of his ugly, potato-scarred head."You're not my dad," Izuku snaps coldly with a snarl. Toshinori has to run forward and hold Izuku back before he can inflict more damage upon the now-unconscious villain. "Ugly-ass potato bitch-""Izuku!"Needless to say, Toshinori was appalled by the boys choice of words. He'd been learning too much from Young Bakugou. Or perhaps, even himself.



special edition no. 4 - nana shimura
Chapter Notes
despite being such a short chapter i really love nana shimura and i hope horikoshi will give us more information on her soondo yall just ever sit and cry thinking about how toshinori describes her as being similar to inko? because i do



Izuku hadn't been expecting this of all things to happen - hell, he knew One for All was weird, thanks to the newest implications of the quirks...But he wasn't expecting this to happen anytime soon. "Midoriya, watch out!""Hatsume, what the fu-" The greenette's face nearly met the floor as a ball of metal slammed itself into his chest, causing his to squawk in surprise; he was used to the other students inventions, but if it'd been anyone else-"Shit - quick, throw it out the window!" the inventor hisses, dashing across the support studies room and wrenching one of the big windows open. "Quick, quick!""What's going on?" Dread began to creep up Izuku's spine as he stared down at the object in disdain, Hatsume gave him a glare."Sensei's gonna kill me, hurry up!!"Something within the metal ball clicked, and fear pushed itself onto the boy. "Wha-" He couldn't finish his sentence, nor the first word - the object in his hands promptly exploded, Izuku's vision being clouded by an array of black, grey and pink, numbing his senses.He hardly felt himself hit the ground as his consciousness drifted off...  "Ow..." Izuku groaned as his vision swam, clenching his eyes shut. Oh, Hatsume was so dead. Although...he was surprised to find his head not throbbing in pain as much as he expected.He dully noticed hands moving through his hair, and someone chuckling above him. Upon his eyes opening, at first glance...he was taken aback, by the first thing that came out of his mouth."Mom?""Aw, I'm flattered kiddo. But nope! But I'd hope I did look like my own family, hm?"Izuku's eyes widened - and if most of his body wasn't engulfed in black dream-flames, he'd had scooted back in shock. "Wait - holy heck, you're-""Shimura Nana, at your service - don't worry, I know very well who you are, Midoriya Izuku.""Am I...""In this weird vestige dreamland for One for All? Yep...its been a while since you've been here kid, still only got Black Whip at your disposal with almost 40% of the core One for All...very interesting."Izuku took notice of the woman's appearance - she was Toshinori's mentor, after all - and he could see why he had mistaken her for his deceased mother...they looked so alike..."Don't look so down, Midoriya! Heh, you're just like Toshinori was when he was a kid, such a worrywart," however, Nana's face softened as she gazed over him. "I suppose you weren't expecting to see me - you'd probably think it would be the First.""O-oh no, its fine!" Izuku insisted, swallowing back his sadness, "I've wanted to meet you, Toshi always says how great of a mentor you were - and he even said you look like my mother, I can see the resemblance!"Something flashed in the vestige's gaze, something that Izuku missed, given as he looked down at his feet - his lower half covered in the black, harmless flames. "Worry not, Young Midoriya," Nana's soft voice spoke up, and she gently placed a hand under his chin, tilting his head up. She was fading, but a confident, loving...motherly look took over her features."You're not alone in spirit or blood..." she trails off for a moment, placing her free hand on his chest. "We are complete, and we...I...will always be here for you."
...what did that mean?
 He didn't have the chance to ask, for his gaze blotted and darkened as the deceased Shimura Nana dissipated from his view. But those words would forever resonate within him...never to be forgotten, much like you never forgot your own family...No matter how long they were gone.



the spitter



A father had always been a mysterious...missing factor, in Izuku's early life.The man that had claimed that title was called Midoriya Hisashi, his quirk was fire breath.That was the only information Izuku had from the get-go, on the man that practically made up half of his DNA. He knew he wouldn't get anywhere by asking his mother; Inko had already suffered by the fact her husband had left. Izuku didn't long to hurt her.Not like that man did.So he never asked. But that didn't mean it didn't hurt. It hurt - he knew he was the reason his father never came home, or at least part of it as time went on. After all, who would want a quirkless son? Who would want to stay with the woman who provided said son?Clearly, their quirks didn't match...many families often cared only for love, never for power. Unfortunately, in Izuku's mind, this wasn't one of them.Would he have been forced down a path, if he had a quirk? If he had a gift he so desperately wished for? Would he have still become a hero? 
Would he still be Izuku?
 ...sometimes, its better to think that everything was better, without a father. Even if it hurt his mother...at least, Izuku figured, she deserved better than whoever had taken place in her heart.His mother deserved much, much more.  Izuku was enthralled by heroes from a young age - many made the spotlight like All Might, Endeavour, Yoroimusha...and that was just in Japan! The world offered plenty of opportunities to search, plenty of opportunities to see the heroes that made up the other countries.He had a bit of a habit for looking out for those with fire quirks, perhaps to get rid of the glaringly empty place in his life?...and the closest he found to having a similar quirk to his fathers, was The Spitter. The man was an underground hero, and even as he grew older and had access to more resources, Izuku could never find that much on him; he kept his life very private, much like the underground hero Eraserhead did.The two were very similar, in that regard.No one even really knew that The Spitter's official quirk was. It was some sort of fire elemental, an emitter quirk; but the hero was never seen without his gear on. He could expel his flames from his oddly-shaped steel face-mask as well as from the palms of his hands. The oldest version of his costume even had tubes wired so fire could be expelled out of his back; giving him a boost of speed if he needed it.He was secretive, mysterious...Izuku never shared his findings with his mother. Inko always got too worried whenever it came to his hero habits...He understood, of course. He just wished for one day, to meet the one hero who probably had the closest relating quirk to his missing fathers.Even if he was all the way in America.  
They were the same.
 The day that Izuku met The Spitter, his view on the hero was turned upside down. The Spitter was Midoriya Hisashi.Midoriya Hisashi was...The Spitter... Yeah, sure, maybe Izuku didn't react accordingly to a man that was suppose to be his father, to someone who had been gone for over a decade.But the crunching under his fist as he broke the others nose had been satisfying.He had the gall to come back now, of all the times? Knowing he was in the hero course? That man...that man was no dad, he had no right. He never had the right.  His mother...the one person there for him.The one person who loved him through thick and thin, regardless of quirk or none... Midoriya Inko was gone... and it was all his fault.  Izuku would say that he had a biological father, yes - the man made up half of his DNA.But Hisashi was no dad. He lost that right as soon as he stepped foot out of Japan. Izuku was very forgiving.But he didn't know if he could find it in himself to forgive him. Not for Inko...not for himself...why did Hisashi deserve it, in the first place? He didn't. He never had. Izuku was not Hisashi's son.



shouta



Shouta, most certainly, was not paid enough for this. It was only around two in the morning on, technically, Sunday morning. Everything was quiet, except for the soft crunching of dried grass underneath his feet. Nothing stirred, the half-moon hidden by clouds as the pro-hero trudged past the first dormitories - which, if he remembered correctly, belonged to the third years.Despite the contrary, the hero and teacher enjoyed his nightly patrols; not because he got away from his problem class, but because it was usually so...quiet, especially on school grounds. No villains, no students talking or screaming or pulling pranks, they'd all be asleep. Or, they should be at the very least. "Izuku, wait up!" Of course, the universe had its way with proving Shouta wrong.What was the problem child up to now? He was quick to shuffle himself behind a tree; despite the darkness, it was still light enough to see a few feet, not to mention several light poles alongside the path going to and from the dorms. He leaned against the trunk of the tree, hearing footsteps scuffle along the cement path. "Momo, I said I'd be fine-""Having nightmares constantly isn't fine, Izuku. I thought Kirishima told you to tell Aizawa or Yagi-sensei?"That was news to him; he'd suspected that the student probably had trouble sleeping - after all, who wouldn't after everything the class had been through? He'd already had several students come to him speaking about their problems and their nightmares. He'd also heard Kirishima express concern through subtle hints...but Shouta couldn't really do anything unless Izuku himself came to him for help and admitted it. Izuku's were sure to be horrible, too - he seemed to be in the middle of almost all the major attacks, and then with his mother..."...didn't want to trouble them," and Aizawa holds back a snort, because of course that's what the student was worried about - he might be nearing seventeen years old, but that didn't mean he couldn't depend on his teachers, the people that were there to help."...Izuku-""I've been dealing with them, Momo...they're not going to just go away..."Shouta peered around the tree to see his students standing a few feet away. In the dim light, he can see the shorter of the two wringing his hands together in a nervous manner, looking away from his classmate as she watches him with worry, both in their pajamas.Izuku was obviously nervous - when wasn't he - but also defiant towards his classmate. The damn problem child was too stubborn for his own good."You shouldn't have to deal with them by yourself, Izuku. Staying up in the night, getting who knows how many hours of broken, nightmare-filled sleep...your grades are going to start being affected, and then Aizawa-sensei's going to notice. You won't be able to avoid it then-""I'll deal with Aizawa-sensei when it comes to that." Shouta gave a low, long suffering sigh as he lifted a hand to rub at his temples. This child was going to contribute to the end of him, he was sure. With a huff, the man gripped his capture weapon before stepping out of his hiding spot, not being all too quiet as his scarf shot out, wrapping around Midoriya and snagging the boy. He yelped whilst Yaoyorozu stumbled back with a gasp, almost falling before she managed to right herself.Shouta knew he didn't really need to use his scare tactics; especially since he was rather intimidating even without his quirk, but he allowed his eyes to flash red and his hair begin to float. "Or, Midoriya, you can deal with it now."His student's face visibly paled, and when he didn't try to resist against Shouta's capture weapon, the tired homeroom teacher turned his gaze to Yaoyorozu, allowing his quirk to deactivate. "Head back to dorms and go to sleep. I'll talk to you in the morning.""...of course sensei," Yaoyorozu bowed her head slightly, giving Midoriya a pitying look before scurrying back to the 2-A class dorms, leaving the man with his problem student. "So...how much did you hear?" Izuku sounds hopefully that it isn't much, only for Aizawa to give him a look."You're starting to give me grey hairs, Midoriya."  "So, going to spill?"Izuku stifled the urge to glare across at his teacher; after all, that would make the underground pro hero literally shake the answers out of him.Aizawa had all but dragged the student further away from the dorms, allowing Izuku to realize that heck, it was really cold and all he was wearing were his All Might pj's and some slippers; upon leaving the dorm he hadn't bothered to throw his iconic red sneakers on.And here he was, in the chilling cold past midnight, his homeroom teacher proceeding to tie him to the trunk of a tree in his scarf - couldn't he catch a break?"Midoriya," Aizawa's tone was sharp as he studied the boy, who only looked away and puffed out his cheeks in an almost child-like manner. Aizawa groaned."Come on kid, really?""I don't want to talk about it." "Well, Midoriya, its obviously affecting you, like Yaoyorozu mentioned." Shouta wished there was a way to knock the kids head around to beat some sense into it. "No one is expecting you to brave it all on your shoulders."The student fidgets as much as he can under the scarf. "I can't worry about the nightmares, I have to get stronger-""Stop, stop - just-" Midoriya's mouth clacked shut as his teacher audibly groaned in frustration, and he looked like he wanted to hide in his scarf, "-you want to be stronger for others, right?""Yeah! I-""No, let me finish." Shouta effectively shuts his student up. "You want to be stronger - for others - but what about yourself, Midoriya? You can't save others if you can't save yourself."Midoriya falls silent, and seeing as he has nothing to add, his teacher continues."No one expects you to just continue with life all merrily after what happened. Not your classmates, not Yagi, and I don't expect you to bounce back from this all so quickly." Shouta grumbles, looking at his student in the eye. "If you need help, ask for it. If you need a break, ask for it - you might be training to become a hero, but you're also only a child."And despite how taxing and harsh the hero world really was...these were students, children who shouldn't have to deal with the horrors of hero work until they were ready.No child should have to lose their mother, or their best friend, or a classmate...Shouta wanted none of his class to go through that, but they all had. He needed to help them."...I'm not a child...""You're in school, under my care. I think that qualifies for a child." Shouta grounds out, stepping closer to the tied up student. "And it's alright to feel like one. It's alright to cry and scream for all the wrong the world has given you. It's alright not to smile; you're not All Might, even if you did inherit his quirk. And it's alright to depend on us, adults, its our job."Midoriya sharply inhales, watching his teacher closely as wetness begins to gather in his eyes. Shouta really did not want to deal with an upset student...but, well, it was Midoriya.Asking him to stop crying was like asking the sun to stop rising every morning. "Ok, Midoriya. When I untie you, we're going to go inside, up to the teachers apartments of the dorms, and we'll sit down and talk. You'll tell me everything about these nightmares, alright?" Shouta's tone softened slightly, and he waited until the boy nodded."Ok...""Good. I'll let Hound Dog know as well, Recovery Girl should also be able to get you some medication as well," the underground hero sets to unwrapping his capture tape from the problem child. "You don't need to hide your issues, remember that. It'll make things worse in the end.""...yes, sensei."Glad he was finally getting somewhere, Shouta allowed the capture weapon to settle back down on his neck. "Now lets go, it's cold-" Izuku had stepped forward, wrapping his arms around his teacher and leaning into his warmth, hiding his face in his chest and taking the older man by surprise. He was usually not one for comforting kids."...sorry, sensei..." the boy proclaimed in a wobbly voice, and with a sigh and a small smile tugging at the corner of his lips, he carefully wrapped his arms around the other."Tell anyone about this and its detention for a month, alright?"Izuku gave a watery laugh, "everyone knows you're soft for us, sensei." And he was, as much as Shouta wouldn't admit. He really was. He didn't regret it.



toshinori
Chapter Notes
ONE MORE CHAPTER AFTER THIS Y'ALLfinally oh my god I feel like I've been working on this for so longthis chapter has actually been like, a third done since I posted Aizawa's, and I only now finished itI actually liked this chapter sksksk--me at the start of this chapter: no pure angst, just a little sick izukume at the end of this chapter: well whoops

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




To say that Toshinori was worried was an understatement. He didn't have Class 2-A for Hero Studies until the final class of the day; and it was something he had been looking forward to, considering what he'd planned for the class - a light-hearted but still difficult regime and a course to run, just the thing to get them cheered up.If even just a little bit.However, as he watched the slightly smaller-than-usual class trickle in - he didn't like to think that they'd officially lost five students, and only added two from the other class - he noticed something a bit...off.That 'something' coming in the form of none other than his son protege, Izuku Midoriya.Who came in looking exhausted, hair tousled more than usually and his hero costume looking as if he had just thrown it on without a care - even his visor had been thrown on lopsided. Luckily, Kirishima had noticed as soon as they walked in, and fixed it up for the boy."Ah...thanks, Ei."While the redhead just grinned and patted his boy on the shoulder, Toshinori felt worry gnaw at him at the sound of the boys voice - he sounded so strained and tired. He sounded sick. And it appeared he wasn't the only one who noticed, either - young Todoroki had been keeping to the greenette's side closely, his left side especially, given that it was warmer than the normal body temperature.He frowned, trying to catch the students eye - but none of the three students seemed to notice...or really look at him to begin with. The retired pro wanted to ask if the boy was alright; but with the rest of his classmates chattering quietly as they waited for Toshinori to speak, he didn't want to essentially call his student out in front of his class.The best thing to do would be to just go ahead...perhaps Izuku would feel better if he got moving more. Toshinori only laughed in a way to get his students attention, gesturing to the course behind him with a large grin. "Today, students, you'll be running, dodging and weaving until your legs and arms feel like they'll fall off. A course built for us, courtesy of the Support Department!""Is this going to have robotic moving parts like the course in the Sports Festival did?" a student, Jirou questions, and Toshinori nods."It will, but every student is able to use their quirks unlike before, as long as you don't damage the parts too badly."That seems to rile some of the students into cheering up, excited for what was ahead."Sensei, are we all going to run it at the same time?" Iida raises his hand before asking, in his very professional-like manner. The boy, like the rest of his classmates, was rearing to go.The retired pro smiles slightly at how, despite everyone, his student still reacted respectfully during class; despite them all knowing that he had all but thrown out his stiff, rule-following self when with his friends."You will, and you can try to knock each other out. Just don't do anything too drastic; whoever is left standing at the end is the winner."  In hindsight, it was probably a terrible idea to let his student run the course with how he looked. He had thought Izuku would be fine; the greenette had been able to hold himself up with the class was split up to wait by difference entrances, waiting for the course to activate and for their class to begin.Dodging and evading, he could do that until someone tagged him out, right?Wrong.Barely five minutes into the exercise, he heard a ruckus from within the course, and Iida running out in a panic, Izuku in his arms. And the boy did not look good.He was pale and ashen, his body trembling slightly in Iida's grasp and his face scrunched up like he was in pain, a dark bruise beginning to form on his face. Iida informed him that something had clocked him right in the face and he'd fallen and thrown up whatever he'd eaten earlier that day. Iida had tried to get him to stay awake, but he was mostly unresponsive.Toshinori placed a hand on his boys forehead, nearly wincing back at how hot but also clammy his skin felt. Definitely something like a fever or bug he'd caught."I'll take him, young Iida," Toshinori decides without hesitation, pulling his phone out so he could text Aizawa, letting the underground pro that he'd need to come look after the class for the rest of the lesson. "I'm calling Aizawa so he can come and watch over the rest of the class.""But sensei, are you sure you can carry-""I'll be fine, Iida." He left no room for argument, and when he finally got confirmation from Aizawa that the tired pro was on his way, he pocketed his phone and looked at his student.The blue-haired boy carefully handed him over, and Toshi had to admit that despite his small stature, he was heavy...all mostly muscle, he knew. "I'll take him right to Recovery Girl. You all just continue with the course, if anything happens I'll inform Aizawa." Toshinori carefully adjusted Izuku in his grip, who whined slightly at being moved around so much. Iida, although hesitant, gives a slight nod apprehensively. "...alright, sensei."  Toshinori had moved quickly towards the school infirmary, holding his green-haired protege close to his chest despite how his arms had begun to ache at the weight. The boy had hardly roused since they had left the class, and he hoped it really wasn't as bad as it looked.Chiyo hadn't been all that happy at seeing the pair, thinking that Izuku had broken a bone; something he hadn't done often at all this year. But upon explaining to her the real cause, she relented with a sigh, guiding him to a bad to place his boy on."It looks like a fever, a bit early to start spreading around if you ask me." Chiyo states, going across the room to get her equipment ready. "I can't just kiss it away, he has no stamina left as it is."Toshi frowned down at his student, moving his hand to gently sweep back Izuku's green-and-black bangs from his sweating forehead. "Do you think some other student might have passed it onto him?""As I said, its a bit too early for fever season...he might be the first one to have it." Chiyo thought for a moment. "If so, it looks like it got him quickly. I'll have to let Aizawa know to keep an eye on the rest of his class, we wouldn't want it to spread."The nurse brought over an IV stand, telling the retired pro hero to hold him down gently in case the boy struggled before inserting the needle, the teen only flinching slightly which she said was a good sign, although it would be better if he was more responsive."The IV fluids will make sure he stays hydrated, and I put in some fever medication as well, so hopefully it'll help him recover more quickly." Chiyo explains, bringing over a bucket of water and a wet cloth, which she draped across the boys forehead. "He should be alright if he gets enough rest."The older woman then turned her narrowed gaze to Toshinori, raising her needle cane as if she was going to wack him. "What possessed you to let him do any training in the first place?!"The retired hero scrambles out of range, almost tripping over one of the other beds in the infirmary as he holds his hands up, trying to placate the old woman. He did not want to be sporting more bruises, thank you very much. "I was going to stop him! But I thought he'd be tagged out early and be able to sit to the side so I could talk to him privately...""Irresponsible..." Chiyo mutters under her breath, and the blond valiantly tries to defend himself."I don't think Izuku would've liked being singled out in front of his classmates, even if some were aware he looked unwell-""The class sees you as a fatherly figure to the boy regardless, seeing as his own is inadequate." the small woman cuts in, glaring at him. "He's practically your son anyway; not only because he holds your old quirk, but even by law when you signed the papers for him and Todoroki."Toshinori falls silent, and the other sighs at him, shaking her head."What if the boy had something worse? An old aggravated wound, perhaps?" and now he just knew she was saying that to get to him. "You can't push away his health like this-""I'm not!""Then act like it!" Chiyo snaps back, rubbing her forehead with a sigh. "He is not like All Might, he cannot carry everything on his shoulders like you could! He shouldn't grow up thinking that is the right thing to do; he needs to learn to depend on others. You experienced firsthand how doing everything yourself turned out for yourself. This is how Aizawa manages to spot something wrong with the students before you do, you insist on them working for themselves until it physically gets too much!"Toshinori's jaw clacked shut at her words, unable to speak back, he knew she was right... A groan jolted the two of them out of their stupor, and the two gazed their eyes upon Izuku, who was rousing with a pained keen, eyes dull and glazed over. Chiyo tutted, but walked closer to the boy to check him over once more."You're alright, Midoriya. You're in the infirmary, you worked up a pretty bad fever." she pats his head, and the boy grumbles something in return. Toshi can't make out what he says, but it gets a chuckle out of the nurse, who gently moves his arm with the IV so he wouldn't accidentally roll on it."You'll be fine, dearie. Just get some more rest."He seems to settle after that, and Chiyo smiles before turning to Toshinori. "You can watch over the poor lad, then. I have some other patients to attend to for the time being."The skinny man only nods, and she gives him one last critical look before turning and leaving the two be. He allows his sunken blue gaze to once more sink to the boy, who's face looks less pain-filled and more peaceful; the medication was probably starting to kick in. After a few more minutes of watching the boy sleep, he finally moves away, intending on getting a chair to sit down on by the bedside. But before he can more too far, a pale hand snaked out, grasping the sleeve of his shirt weekly, and causing him to look at Izuku with surprise.The boy's eyes were open once more, glassy and unfocused as he stared at Toshinori, the man could see a hint of fear behind that gaze."...Dad?" the boys voice was raspy and weak, no more than a whisper. But he heard it clearly."D...don't leave." Toshinori was surprised, but felt his heart weep as how young and scared his protege sounded, to not want to be alone. Even in his sick state. The blond had to gently hush his student, moving back towards the greenette as tears filled the younger's eyes."P-please stay, please," the boy all but begged, his grasp tightening on Toshinori as the blond rests one hand on his protege's head, the other going to wipe the crying boys tears away."I won't, my boy, I'll stay." Toshinori promises, sitting on the edge of the hospital bed where Izuku can still reach him. But the boy moves as soon as he does, arms wrapping around his thin waist and burrowing his face, soft sobs wracking his body.Toshinori knew it was the fever making his boy that much more emotional, hearing the boy mumble mostly incoherent thoughts. But he heard broken off pieces of what the boy was saying through his tears.
"Don't leave me, not like they did. Please."
 He didn't want to be alone... No child should have to fear that. So Toshinori does his best to be a comfortable pillow for the boy as he cries, getting it out of his system. He allows his lanky fingers to stroke through his students hair, the child almost melting into his touch. If anyone asked if he was crying, he'd deny it. Deny it to all but Izuku. "I won't leave you, my son. I promise."



Chapter End Notes
poor Izuku...he thought Toshinori was going to leave him like Hisashi and Inko did :')


inko
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Izuku's mother was his world, when the boy was a young child.Inko was all Izuku had - and the reverse was very much true. The Midoriya's mostly kept to themselves; especially when Izuku came out as quirkless...it wasn't what they wanted, but because of this, many avoided the pair.Like being quirkless was a sin...and in their world, it very well may as well be.Even Inko...even Inko believed so at first...when her son asked if he could be a hero. She had said she was sorry. And she was; she was sorry she had not passed her quirk, sorry that Hisashi had not passed his.She was sorry she couldn't change that for him, and give him an easy life. She, too, would be sorry for everything that came after.Sorry that she wasn't stronger. Sorry that she didn't believe in him, her little boy who made her so proud. Regardless, she loved Izuku. She loved and cherished him, because he was her world.And that would never, ever change. Not even if she died.  She was there, for every achievement, every scrape or sprain.For every nightmare. For every time her child cried for her. She was there for his first words, his first steps, his first day of school.His first friend...and when he lost that friend. She was there every day.Every night.Whenever Izuku needed her...she was there, a wide smile on her face and tears in the corner of her eyes, full of lover regardless...    Until she wasn't.  She was everything Izuku had...until she wasn't. She was his world...but he grew. He got One For All. He made friends, he got so many good figures in his life, to help him through the good times and the bad. He had more...her baby was growing up. But Izuku never forgot her - small smiles would be reserved for her, the rare hug or kiss on the cheek, they both cherished those moments. They were mother and son...that was a bond never to be broken. Even as new people poured into Izuku's life... Because they became a part of Inko's life, too.  She was glad her son had friends, a father figure (or several) that he could depend on...they were good people. She was happy, that he finally got to experience everything he had been derived of. She was glad he was cherished, as much as she loved him.He deserved it.She...she watched him, and he proved her he could be a hero. Nothing made Inko prouder, than seeing her son finally chase her dream. Seeing her son become the hero she knew he always was, deep inside.Seeing him chase a dream she never could, one she never wanted... But she had always been Izuku's hero, always.  She was his world, until she wasn't. Ripped away by cursed flames. But Izuku can look back...and he can smile. He can cry, he can laugh...but most importantly, he can smile.Even as it hurts - because with his mother gone, it would always hurt...  But she was always there. Every breeze that blew over, every leaf that fell...every cry for help, every person he saved. Every year he lived, flourishing. She was there...and she always would be, even in death.   Because no one would take Inko Midoriya's place.   Izuku was her son. Inko was his mother.  And she would be his number one...forever and always... Izuku wouldn't change that for the world.



Chapter End Notes
AND WE'RE DONE AAAAI wanted this one to be short and sweet



Afterword


End Notes
If you liked this fic, or would like to keep up with any other fics I write in the future, come join the discord server where we can discuss anything bnha wise or not!https://discord.gg/j27ZjAS


Works inspired by this one

Heroic Father Figures by SugarButterfly432



Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



