



Dance of the Satyr - Anonymous - Multifandom
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Dance of the Satyr
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/1214065.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
The Hobbit - All Media Types, The Hobbit - J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings - J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings - All Media Types, The Silmarillion and other histories of Middle-Earth - J. R. R. Tolkien
Relationship:
Glorfindel/Thranduil, Prince!Thranduil/Glorfindel, Young!Thranduil/Glorfindel, Oropher/Erestor (only implied)
Character:
Thranduil, Glorfindel, Erestor, Oropher, Prince!Thranduil, Young!Thranduil, Gil-galad, Galion
Additional Tags:
Hobbit Kink Meme, Prompt Fill, Male Slash, Slash, Young!Thranduil - Freeform, Prince!Thranduil - Freeform, Alternate Universe, AU, Explicit Language, Explicit Sexual Content, Deepthroating, Light BDSM, Water Sex
Collections:
Anonymous
Stats:

        Published: 2014-02-20
          Completed: 2014-04-19
          Chapters: 13/13
        Words: 36715
      

Dance of the Satyr
by Anonymous
Summary
Prompt fill for the Hobbit Kink Meme on LJThe Prompt was:I don't care what you write about (as long as it is not evil/insane!Thranduil), write something based on this gorgeous young Thranduil! It begs a story!http://brilcrist.tumblr.com/post/76832854658/thranduil-prince-of-greenwood-the-greatThranduil the mischievous son of King Oropher?Thranduil the reserved youth?Thranduil the reckless rebellious son?Take your pick, whichever version of young Thranduil, I am eager to see more! Prince Thranduil, King Oropher's young son, is a wild and utterly wicked creature - untamable in Oropher's eyes, deeply connected to Greenwood the Great, beautiful as the Valar themselves, highly respected and loved by his kin and his father.Glorfindel and Erestor are forced to travel to Greenwood to negotiate an alliance between the proud and stubborn King of Amon Lac and their realm in Lindon... Glorfindel bears a strong antipathy against woodelves in general and a special one against Prince Thranduil who played various mischievous pranks as little elfling on the expenses of the blond Vanyar during his last visit in Greenwood .. but sometimes things might change
Notes
Disclaimer: The elves are not mine, they belong to Tolkien & PJ. No copyright infringement intendent, no money is made from this story - written for fun alone----------------Well, unfortunately not too much is known of the backhistory of Oropher & Thranduil, especially before the Last alliance so I made up a few things (which might not be entirely correct - I'll give the story a AU tag) but I tried to stay as close to canon as possible.So that's my headcanon for this story: Thranduil was born in Greenwood the Great after Oropher had established his realm & fortress in Amon Lac for a while and has never left the forest, so yes - he's definetly a child of a forest (and that will be great deal of the story). Oropher is quite fed-up with all the Lindon elves, with the Noldor especially (because of the first sack of Doriath - in my hc he was but a child then, but still...) - the reason why he moved to Greenwood and mingled with the Silvan Elves living there.Prince Thranduil is around 120 years old (would be ~20yrs for humans) during this story and was something like 50 years (in human years: 8yrs old) when Glorfindel last visited Greenwood the Great

          See the end of the work for more notes





The road goes on and on




CHAPTER 1

 

 Lindon, Second Age 

 „NO!“ Both elves shook their heads in perfect unison as the blond continued to utter his protest, pacing the room impatiently back and forth
“We won’t go! My last visit to this damn forest was a disaster! What is the point of discussing an alliance with a stubborn, arrogant King, who does not want to have a pact? A king hiding in the darkness of a forest, in the woods, preferring allies with dwarves – yes DWARVES! - not to mention his annoying, petulant brat? My lord, I mean - what sort of elves do prefer to live in trees, in the wilderness?! What alliance can we expect with such wicked folk”
Glorfindel spat his last words in disgust as if he wasn’t speaking of kin but of orcs - or the dark lord himself.
Erestor nodded in assistance - he had learned to dislike the Woodelves and their arrogant king from the stories he had heard from Glorfindel alone.
 ………
Memories of his last trip to Taur-e-Ndaedelos flushed into Glorfindel’s mind, how he – the famous Balrog slayer - had been denied an audience with the king, ignored by a simple woodelf? How he nearly had to ask – he! begging! Valar forgive! – for a meeting with King Oropher of Greenwood the Great, kneeling with lowered head before the wooden throne when he wanted nothing more than to slap the arrogance off the Sindar’s visage.
The fact that he had begged indeed at the end - for the sake of his own realm, for his king - was gnawing at his pride, even after a century had passed.
Oh and his annoying underage son - Elbereth help! The mischievous little elfling was a mirror-image of his proud and arrogant father, a mini-me of Oropher himself. Glorfindel was entirely certain that it had been Thranduil who had dyed Asfaloth’s white mane in the brightest colors of the rainbow, it only could have been him. Not a single day had passed without a sneaky prank played upon his expenses.
 ……..
If elves could roll their eyes, the last high king would have certainly done so
“I do not wish to discuss this matter again with you, Glorfindel” he frowned, tired of the repeated discussion with his stubborn advisors.
His voice was stern, leaving no room for disobedience “You WILL go - both of you. With the first rays of Anor you will leave these shores towards Amon Lac – Tomorrow! Without any further discussion! Did I make myself clear? Erestor? Glorfindel?”
Glorfindel and Erestor looked at each other in annoyed disbelief, well aware of the fact that their audience with the king had ended without any achievement. Speechless, they simply nodded.
“Good.”
Gil-Galad turned around, gazing into the star-lit night whilst he wished his good-bye to his friends “I wish you safe travels. May the Valar be kind and now find some rest, the journey towards Greenwood the Great, King Oropher’s realm is long and exhausting.”
 .............

The road goes on and on

 With the first rays of Anor, the blond warrior and the raven-haired advisor left their beloved home at the Arda’s shores, leaving the soft sea breeze behind, exchanging the sweet calls of seagulls for the dark and feral sounds of a wild forest.
The long journey of the two elves, accompanied only by a handful of soldiers, was entirely uneventful, no orcs, no wargs or other dangerous beasts – not even dwarves - crossed their path as they rode through the awakening spring landscape, passing the viridescence barrows of the Shire, travelling further along the Great East Road until they reached the range of the Misty Mountains.
Heavy rain clashed down on the travelling party for days now, leaving them soaking wet from head to toe, black clouds hanging in the still snow-covered mountains like forebodes of doom, heralds of the evil they had to face in Taur-e-Ndaedelos.

Discussing tactics, negotiate a strategic alliance? A league of our realm with simple and wicked wood-elves? What for? Paah, everything will be in vain, wasted time of our immortal lives!

Glorfindel cursed continuously in a manner that the bawdiest sailor would blush as they rode under the dark sky along the narrow path meandering through the Misty Mountains.
Erestor, Gil-Galads stern advisor had never been fond of Glorfindel’s millennia old treasure of elvish swearwords but in this very moment he couldn’t suppress a curse himself “Glorfindel? Just shut up, you don’t make the situation any better with your swearing”
Glorfindel grumbled his words to Erestor “But I do not make it worse, either – it cannot get any worse. Well, probably it can” cursing again “once we have arrived in Greenwood.”
In a mocking voice the blond Lord spoke again “Oh what great expectations will us await there, Erestor – a dark and wild forest, beasts, arrogant elves, primitive elves, elves living in trees! Oh I literally cannot wait to meet Oropher and his spoiled little brat again, what about you my dear friend?” he rolled his eyes.
As Erestor kept quiet he continued his monologue “Oh forgive me, dear Erestor, how could I have forgotten! You ARE eager to meet them, you cannot wait. Oh Erestor, don’t try to fool me, I know your preference for silver-blonde elves. ‘Tis going to be interesting” finally his mood brightened upon his thoughts, resulting in chuckles “Very interesting indeed. Tell me, Erestor, what would be more to your liking? The innocence of the young prince or the arrogance of his father … or .. or maybe both?”
“Shut up – just - SHUT UP! Stop making jokes on my expenses!” Erestor decided ultimately to turn a blind eye on the blond seneschal until they reached their night-camp, knowing that ignorance and silence was the worst punishment for his friend. It did not take long until the raven-haired advisor could hear Glorfindels purring voice swirling through the damp air
“Erestor? Ereestooor? Come on..”

Shut up!

“Erestor? Ereestooor? I am bored…come on, don’t act childish”

Me? Childish? Oh Glor - I told you, shut up but you simply cannot! You never can!

Erestor kept quiet until they reached a little but still spacious cave suitable for their night camp at the edge of the misty mountains. Only a few hours and they could finally leave the Misty and Rainy Mountains behind. The night was peaceful – no orcs, no wargs, no goblins.
They rose with the first hint of daylight, more than eager to leave the forsaken mountains and the rain behind.
After hours of riding, a heavy sigh of relief left Erestor’s lips, speaking his words in delight “Glorfindel! The rain has finally ceased, we have left those forsaken mountains behind us” They rode along the boundaries of the forest, remembering the warnings of old about Greenwood the Great ..and its wide halls and aisles were the haunt of many beasts – neither of them had the urge to face beasts or other wicked creatures – not now, not yet.
They ignored the Old Forest Road, the elven road which lead deep into the very heart of the bewitched forest, riding along the shores of the River Anduin, passing Loeg Ningloron and Rhosgobel at the outer border of Taur-e-Ndaedelos “Rhosgobel? Valar, saes! Please spare us a visit of the loony wizard” Glorfindel sent silent prayers to the Gods, remembering the trouble Radagast brought several times to Lindon.
 ………

 Entrance to Greenwood the Great 

Prince Thranduil of Taur-e-Ndaedelos, Oropher’s only child, heir to his father’s throne of Amon Lac was sitting high above the mossy forest ground in the trees, surrounded by a dense canopy of bright green leaves, sparkling in Anor’s rays in the most beautiful shades of green, perfectly matching the color of Thranduil’s beautiful emerald eyes.
Oh how the young prince loved the forest – his enchanted forest, his sanctuary, his love. Not a single day in his young life had passed in which Thranduil had not wandered the soft earth of the woods, feeling the different textures on his bare feet, inhaling every subtle scent of flowers and trees, soaking up the earthy flavor of Arda’s soil, running his hands through the soft grass, feeling the gentle breeze dancing through the leaves, through his mithril-like silken hair.
Thranduil’s heart and his very soul were deeply entangled with Greenwood the Great, connected to each other by an invisible and eternal bond, his spirit entwined with every tree and every flower blooming in the shades of the dense leaf-canopy. The young prince was in love with his forest – it was his green lung, his breath of life, his secret love.
Oropher could do nothing more than to accept that his beloved son was a child of the forest, a wild and wicked creature, always preferring a simple mossy bed under the stars over all the luxury his palace had to offer. A feral and rebellious elf, struggling violently against every set boundary, defying his father’s orders – Thranduil was simply not tamable in Oropher’s eyes and Greenwoods King was not entirely certain if he would have preferred a tamed and boring young prince.
But sometimes, the proud Sindar could only shake his head in shock and wonder when the latest gossip reached his pointy ears – love affairs with males and maiden alike, political affronts, mischievous pranks – nothing has been omitted by the young prince. Yet, Oropher loved his son dearly, spoiling the young elf tremendously and finally came to an acceptance of his son’s wicked behavior.
 ……………………
The young prince let his gaze wander over the tree tops, to the mountains, over the plain which lay before the outer borders of the forest. He let his eyes travel as far as his sharp elven eyes could see, those sparkling emerald eyes which were ever watchful. His delightful humming got carried away together with the soft rustle of the leaves by a gentle summer breeze, dancing through his unbraided long silver hair, caressing his cheeks and shoulders.
“Oh Valar, thank you for this magnificent day, for the beauty of my forest, for the heavy rain who awoke all flowers from their sweetest slumber”
Thranduil did not know why he had come to this exact spot of the forest – some magic the young prince could not yet understand had drawn him there when he had left his father’s halls with the first rays of Anor on this very morning.



Prying Eyes
Chapter Summary
Prince Thranduil can't wait to see who comes for a visit




.....................................


Chapter 2 - Prying Eyes

 
And there Thranduil sat high up in the trees, staring into the distance as if he was awaiting something – awaiting somebody, somebody the young Elvenprince did not even think he would meet again with his father’s isolationist behavior. Absentmindly he was running his hand through his long, silken hair, wondering how long he was sitting in the tree-tops, blinking into the brightest sunlight the elf had seen for days – once, twice.
Thranduil whispered silently to himself in wonder as he spotted an unusual - a very unusual sight - in the distance “Riders? Several riders? Unannounced? Naaa ‘tis cannot be”
He rubbed his eyes in disbelief, but there was no doubt about it. The abnormal sight far away was no vision nor wishful imagination of the young elf – it was very real, drawing closer and closer. A travelling party composed of a handful members – elves, men? Thranduil could not tell - riding directly towards the ancient forest of Greenwood the Great, searching for the almost hidden entrance to Taur-e-Ndaedelos.

Valar! Visitors! 

Upon realization, his heart leaped in joy, his voice squeaking in excitement “Alternation! Diversion! Adventures!” but in the same second, a handful questions rushed into his agitated mind.
Oh Ada! Why did you not tell me? Thranduil cursed inwardly, not understanding why his father did not tell him about the arriving party.
You must have known it, oh you must..! Suddenly it dawned on the young Elvenprince YOU KNEW! Of course you have known it for month! Ada! You did it on purpose, OH you did not want me to know! 
Several elvish swearwords spilled freely over the rosy lips of the young prince.
In the eyes of the utterly impatient silver-haired elf prince the pace of the riders was way too slow, speaking in a tone of crotchety he continued his monologue “Oh come on! Set the spurs on your horses - I want to know who you are, where you come from! Make a haste, come on, quick!”
Thranduil hushed in elegant movements from tree to tree in the direction of the secluded entrance to his father’s forest, searching desperately for the best spot for his secret observation.

Elves! ELVES! 

If it was possible by any means, the excitement of the Elvenprince only grew when he saw they were elves Our visitors are kin! Fellow elves, seven elves to be exact! “Sweet Elbereth, hurry!”
As they were finally close enough to give Thranduil an extensive view, the young prince questioned himself silently as he spotted tiny golden flowers on the cloak of one of the riders, recalling his child-hood memories “Could it be? Could it be really you? The elf of my smutty dreams? After all the long years I have waited you finally came? Nay”
Thranduil dismissed the thought immediately, remembering Glorfindel’s last words when the Lord of the Golden Flower made his hasty leave after all washed up negotiations with Oropher a century ago “Greenwood the Great with all of your stubborn and forsaken people - you will never see me again! Not if I will be reborn a thousand times”
…….
Glorfindel and Erestor breathed deeply, inhaling the sweet and earthy incense of the ancient forest as he rode the first meters of the almost vanished old road, the path leading deep into the heart of Greenwood the Great – to Amon Lac, the capital of the proud Sindar King, their destination. The fragrance was a heavy mixture of blooming summer flowers combined with the subtle scent of fresh leaves but with the stronger, herbal note of juniper and sandalwood. Alluring and seducing - so very different from the fresh salty air the Lindon elves were used to from their homeland along the shores. Odd at first, but not unpleasant, entirely unaware of the fact that they were watched by prying eyes from above.
Sunlight filtered through the dense leave canopy, gushing softly onto the moss covered forest ground, painting the forest into soft shades of gold as they rode deeper into the heart of the forest.
Long years of training in the enchanted forest gave the silver-haired elf an utterly useful benefit - Thranduil could avoid being seen and heard if he wished not to – and indeed he preferred his secrecy as he moved soundlessly through the dense network of branches, accompanying the riding party high up in the trees. Waiting for the perfect time, the perfect ideal spot to reveal his presence to the riders.
High up in the trees, Thranduil’s jar gasped open in amazement upon the alluring vision riding beneath him on a snow-white mare.

Valar!

Thranduil whispered to himself, his eyes widened and his lips parted in anticipation as he studied every inch of the out worldly golden-haired elf-lord - beautiful as the gods themselves, long golden haired spilled around the broad shoulders, strong hands holding the reins, the well-trained body moving up and down!
If he wasn’t careful, his drool would have landed on top of the golden head. The Elvenprince suppressed several giggles as he imagined the picture of a startled and disgusted elf lord, assuming bird poo had hit his precious silken locks.
Sweet Elbereth! Thranduil studied the raven-haired elf in detail, his lithe but yet muscular and attractive body, a face of marble-like alabaster skin, framed with hair as black as the darkest veils of nightfall.
“Blonde? Black-haired? What about .. trying them both?” Oropher’s son was completely lost in his wicked thoughts, planning his forthcoming nights in every smutty detail when his hand missed to grab the branch of the next tree.



Dreams
Chapter Summary
Glorfindel & Prince Thranduil met for the first time after a century
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




.............
Chapter 3 - Dreams
 “dafdj – HIJKDF –Arggggh!!“ heavy curses and swearwords left Thranduil’s lips as he fell noisily out of his hide onto the mossy ground of the forest, right before the entirely startled elven party.Ooomph! And there the Elvenprince lay on the forest ground with his bow in his hand – cursing and lamenting - trapped like a beetle on his back.
No! NO! And thrice NO!
This was entirely not how Thranduil had planned to introduce himself seductively to his prey of desire - not by making an entire fool of himself. He frowned inwardly, cursing his own dullness, feeling utterly ashamed of what just happened.
An elf … a woodelf! Falling down from his own trees! ‘Tis is ridiculous! R-I-D-I-C-U-L-O-U-S!
……….Glorfindel was the first of the Lindon elves who rose his head in suspicion upon the sudden intensive rustling of the leaves directly above them, leading to a puzzled expression of his face “Did you just hear…?” but his words were cut off by numerous screams and shouts.Swifter than any of the well-trained soldiers could draw their weapons, a young silver-haired elf crushing with swirling locks from the sky - clashing directly before their horses on the mossy ground, landing ruggedly on his back.
Sweet Elbereth! 
Almost automatically, the blond Vanyar gasped in amazement, staring onto the young elf with widened eyes.
Valar! 
The long, mithril-like hair of the elf was spilled all over the contrasting dark-green of the forest ground, around the most beautiful, lightly tanned face the elf lord had ever seen in his two long lives.Glorfindel knew he should offer his help to the young elf immediately, should inquire about the fellow elf’s well-being - yet he could do nothing more than to stare mesmerized with his mouth wide open, still sitting on his white mane. Every muscle of his battle-steeled body was frozen, every single word he wanted to utter was stuck dead in his throat upon the beauty displayed before him.
Oh my fair gods, what a beautiful creature!
…….In a quick movement, the young elf lifted his lithe body from the ground, wiping of the dust and soil with his hands, but Thranduil was lost for words – something which would only happen once in a century – trying to regain his composure as his gaze roamed intensively over the elves on their horses before him. He inhaled every single feature of the raven-haired elf and the blonde god to be more precise, as if he had laid his eyes for the first time on other elves.……….Relieved, that the silver-haired beauty did not seem to be severely injured, Glorfindel let his azure eyes wander freely over the startled young elf that now stood right before him in silence. The young elf’s body was slender and lithe but with well-defined muscles and strong armsThe typical stature of young archers Glorfindel thought with anticipation – recalling his weak spot of old - leading to the assumption the Lindon elves had just met one of Oropher’s several border guards by accident.The Lord of the Golden Flower was entirely certain that the proud Sindar King would not dare to send an accompanying patrol for his arriving ‘enemies’ -  knowing and remembering Oropher’s hatred for the Noldorian king they served, all too well – and he was right: Oropher would not send a single soul into the forest to show his respect.The tight silver-grey leggings the young elf wore and the earthy-colored dark-brown and greenish tunic - decorated with stylized tiny forest leaves all over the chest - only assisted Glorfindel’s hypothesis that this elf must be one of Greenwoods’ soldiers, recalling the beautiful regimentals of Oropher’s guards from his last, forsaken visit to Taur-e-Ndaedelos.As a high-ranked soldier himself, Glorfindel’s gaze rested for long seconds on the numerous weapons the mute elf carried with him, admiring the stunning craftsman’s ship displayed on the carved wooden bow and the richly ornamented mithril sword, which hang loosely on the left side of the elf’s body. For brief seconds the blond Vanyar wondered if all of Greenwood’s simple border guards would be equipped with such beautiful and rather expensive weapons.Nay, I do not think so, this is no common border guard of Oropher’s realm but his thoughts were cut short as his stare reached the handsome face of the young elf, framed by long unbraided silver-golden tresses. Glorfindel could not help but imagined how the perfect skin would feel under his caresses, how those slightly parted rosy lips would taste, how the young one would react to his fantasized actions, how the young guard would respond and sound like very vividly.“..To see how his eyes would darken with lust” Glorfindel mused absentmindly, trapped deep within his lustful reverie, lost in the endless void of those bewitching emerald eyes of the young elf, eyes sparkling with anticipation and curiosity. The millennia old elf felt as if he was falling under a sinful spell in this very moment, caught in the intense gaze of those shining orb, displaying every nuance of greens of the enchanted forest, a wicked spell of sensuality and lust.Thranduil was the first to overcome his shock. The sudden realization who the beautiful elf lord he was staring at with mouth wide open was, painted a lascivious grin on his lips before he broke the magical silence lingering between them, choosing his first words carefully, afraid to scare away his century old dream “Goheno nin, I did not intend to scare you and Mae govannen to Taur-e-Ndaedelos”The Elvenprince continued with a gentle voice, only bearing a slight hint of mischief “Am I correct to assume your destination is Amon Lac, Realm of King Oropher of Greenwood the Great?”Glorfindel was torn out of his musing violently when he heard the first words of the silver-haired elf standing almost next to him - the floating voice rang all too familiar in his pointy ears and suddenly it dawned on him. This was indeed no mere soldier of King Oropher’s guard, it was Oropher’s son himself, the now grown up petulant little brat.His eyes widened in disbelief, inwardly Glorfindel cursed himself for his lustful reverie only seconds ago – VALAR! - mumbling his shocked words of realization into the warm summer breeze “T.h.r.a.n.d.u.i.l ….”“Yes, that I am – Prince Thranduil of Taur-e-Ndaedelos” Thranduil’s heart missed several beats upon the words of remembrance uttered from the blonde elf who sat straight on his horse, only inches away from him.For seconds, the young prince was slightly twitchy, standing so close near his desire of old, inhaling the sweet scent of yellow spring flowers escaping the Vanyar's hair -  but it did not take long until Thranduil became his true wicked self again, dismissing all played courtesy.



Chapter End Notes
Sindarin translation:Goheno nin = Forgive meMae govannen = Welcome


Amon Lac
Chapter Summary
Thranduil is getting on Glorfindel's nerves, Erestor enjoys dearly how his old friend his teased by the blatant young prince .. Oropher can't understand at all why his off-spring wants to meet those strange elves..



...........
Chapter 4 - Amon Lac
 Without awaiting permission, the silver-haired elf jumped onto the white mare in a single fluid movement.Thranduil’s perfectly shaped hands ran gently through the shining mane of Glorfindel’s horse, whispering softly into the summer breeze, only loud enough for the Lord of the Golden Flower to hear his secret confession “You are tired Asfaloth, aren’t you? Welcome to my father’s realm, welcome to Greenwood the Great! I am more than fortunate to see that your mane is white again, my beautiful beast”Glorfindel shouted his words of anger to the young elf who sat on his horse, only inches away in front of him “Oh, all the years, all the long years I knew it was you! You … you little brat”Thranduil grinned wickedly, turning his head towards the golden-haired Vanyar with a broad smirk “Of course it was me! Who else would dare to dye your horse in shining colors?” in a slender movement the young prince jumped off the horse into the nearest branches, leaving pearls of laughter and a startled Glorfindel behind.Far away, hidden in the dense leaf-canopy, Thranduil was shouting down on the riders in mockery “Beautiful you are, Asfaloth … but no comparison to your rider… I do wonder .. if he sometimes exchanges you, my beauty.. if he’s sometimes cheating on you my love?...”Glorfindel’s anger grew beyond measure, he yelled breathlessly into the pleasantly warm air “I swear, you will pay dearly, Prince Thranduil of Greenwood the Great”But the young prince had already disappeared into the vast wide forest and was not seen again.Erestor’s jaw gasped wide open in disbelief as he witnessed the whole scenery which was displayed before him. Never in his long life on Arda did somebody dare to talk in such a disrespectful manner to his friend, the reborn Eldar, the infamous Balrog Slayer of Gondolin – the most famous elf alive. Deep inside, Erestor somehow dearly enjoyed the blatant Prince of Greenwood - Thranduil was so very different than the blond Vanyar had described him.Usually it was his friend, Glorfindel, who made dirty and mean jokes on the expenses of others - if they wanted or not, playing filthy tricks of seduction here and then, loosing all manners after a single glass of strong ale – simply: from time to time (and those times were frequent in Lindon) Glorfindel annoyed all and everybody around him - but nobody ever dared to rise a voice against the invincible elf lord. Nay, in contrast to his friend, Erestor liked this wicked, untamed little princeling from the very beginning and now it was time for him to taunt his already angry companion to the core.“Glor?” Erestor could not hold back his chuckle anymore “I … I think he likes you”The blonde only frowned “Erestor? Shut up – just shut up!” His words were followed by several elvish curses“But if it is true?” an unusual smutty grin crossed Erestor’s features as he continued to tease the blond warrior riding next to him “Your enchanting beauty hits a weak spot in King Oropher’s little Princeling, maybe we could take that as an advantage for our negotiations?”“Fuck you!” His yell was followed by an explicit gesture of his right handErestor’s sharp advisory mind was already spinning violently, weaving a dense network of possibilities - the given finger had no effect on the dark-haired advisor who conintued delightfully  “But Glor! I am certain we could make a fruitful deal out of it, my dear friend. What about a passionate night with you for our little prince? In exchange for the long desired signature of Oropher under our offered alliance?" he studied the blonde carefully before he resumed to speak in a mocking voice "Thranduil’s father will – by any means - do everything to make his little off-spring happy. Oh perfect. This plan does not sound entirely bad, what do you think, dear Glorfindel?" Instead of a sufficient answer, Erestor only received another rant from the blonde  "Oh come on Glorfindel, don’t pretend to be shy like a virgin, I’ve seen you staring – drooling! - on the little princeling just minutes ago”Glorfindel only rolled his eyes, deciding to ignore Erestor for the rest of their ride to Amon Lac, the fortress of King Oropher and his Silvan elves, in the heart of Greenwood the Great.………Thranduil sat crossed legged on the soft grass of a secluded clearing, his back rested comfortably against the trunk of a weeping willow, his cheerful humming got carried away into the vast world with the gentle summer breeze dancing through the enchanted forest.In his left hand the young prince held a daisy which he had just picked from the grove deep within Oropher’s forest. Thranduil’s head was slightly tilted when he stared mesmerized at the beautiful flower caught between his long, slender fingers.“Black” Thranduil threw the first white petal carelessly away over his shoulder“Blond” he whispered, plucking the next soft petal from the flower“Raven-haired” another petal was gone from the daisy in his hand“Golden, black, golden-haired, black” the Elvenprince continued to pick petal by petal from the daisy, growing more excited with every gone petal.“GOLDEN-HAIRED, aya” the young prince squeaked in delight as he plucked the last petal from the innocent flower “I knew it, I have always known, ever since” Thranduil sprang to his feet, jumping back and forth, grinning wickedly “Be prepared my golden flower, you’ll be the next one I’ll pick”And off he went, pacing the forest back to his father’s halls in utter excitement, his silver hair swirling dangerously behind him.……
 Amon Lac – Fortress of King Oropher in the Heart of Greenwood the Great 
Thranduil stormed up the stairs to his father’s throne room in excitement, ignoring the guards, ignoring his mud-covered, dirty gowns from his forest trip and his messy, tangled silver hair - disregarding the fact that Oropher had told him a thousand times to clean himself up before he enters the sacred halls - that he should not interrupt his father’s duties with childish nonsense.But nay, he had not come for childish nonsense, not this time - Thranduil shook his head in reasssurance – he had to discuss an important matter with his king and father, high ranked visitors were expected, a matter of politics indeed.
Politics! Yes, yes! Utterly important matters, Ada! P-O-L-I-T-I-C-S! 
It was the first time in his young life that the Elvenprince was interested in ‘political matters’ – but - if he would be honest to himself, it had nothing to do with politics at all but with a certain, golden-haired elf he was lusting after!Thranduil was beyond excited when he stumbled up the last stairs before the massive wooden throne in which his father sat, bearing an annoyed face of indifference and his heavy mithril circlet decorated with the most beautiful and precious emeralds found in Arda’s soil.“Ada, Adaaaa” the Prince of Taur-e-Ndaedelos panted his words breathlessly without awaiting his father’s permission to speak, ignoring every royal etiquette, his voice filled with utter agitation “Adaaa, our guests have arrived”Oropher sat with folded legs on his massive throne, speaking in a questioning voice to his impatient off-spring “Guests? What guests? I have not invited a single soul to my realm” Of course, the proud Sinda King knew of the arriving advisors sent by Gil-Galad, yet he did not consider the Lindon elves as ‘guests’ but as a plague – stealing his precious time, stealing his treasure whilst they were living on his expenses during their visit.Thranduil rolled his eyes “But Adaaaa, the party from Lindon will arrive shortly. Don’t fool me!”"Is that so, Thranduil?” Oropher eyed his son carefully, his sharp mind told him, Thranduil was up to some mischief – again! He remembered the painted horse all too well, the rainbow horse which had almost led to another kinslaying.
Saes! Not again! Thranduil I beg you! Behave yourself
In a stern voice, filled with animosity, he continued to speak “Since when are we looking forward to visitors from other realms? Visitors from Lindon to be more precise? Thranduil, you know my opinion about the high king and those elves in the service of that god-forsaken bastard very well” Oropher’s hatred for all things Noldorian was fierce and indelible, woven deeply into every fibre of his mind.Thranduil was annoyed – very annoyed to be exact – and the young elf did not even try to hide that fact from his father, speaking in a load voice filled with annoyance “Ada, some change of sense does no harm, in fact it does only good”The young prince of Taur-e-Ndaedelos simply could not understand his father’s isolationist behavior and made this very clear with the last, almost screamed statement “It would even do YOU good!“Oropher’s yell echoed against the heavy stone walls of his throne room in the heart of Amon Lac “BEHAVE YOURSELF! When last I looked, Oropher, not Thranduil, was king of Greenwood the Great!” Thranduil was fortunate that his father's hands had been empty - otherwise something would have most certainly flown in his direction,Thranduil was so very eager to discover the world that lay beyond Greenwood the Great, meet different elves – or even dwarves? See different places, smell foreign scents, escape the set boundaries of his father but the young Elvenprince was never allowed to leave the enchanted forest.All the young elf could do was to live a life of rebellion in his father’s realm, turning Oropher’s narrow-minded world view upside down with his wicked actions - if he could involve other realms or high ranked visitors in his pranks – even better, the more important the guests were, the better. The silver-haired prince with his sparkling emerald eyes was irresistible for most elves, they were smitten to his charm, drawn to his beauty like moths to the searing flame – and Thranduil knew it and had used that fact numerous times for his own amusement and his father's disapproval.Thranduil could feel the intense and questioning ice-cold gaze of his father, searching for his own emerald eyes - he answered before Oropher could place his question “Yes, Ada, I meant every word!       E-V-E-R-Y         S-I-N-G-L-E       fuckin'     W-O-R-D  !      You are hiding in your fortress, ever since we came here, you seek solitude, you rarely laugh … you are lonely, Ada! Some change of sense would do you very good, indeed.”Oh wait.. what if .. Thranduil’s mind was swirling when another impish idea crossed his mind ..oh this is perfect. The blonde for me, the raven-haired elf for Ada.. Ayaaa. Perfect. PERFECT!Oropher frowned inwardly but finally gave into his beloved son, realizing that Thranduil was just so very different from himself and that every other word on the matter would have been spoken in vain anyways.Once Thranduil had made up his wicked mind on something it was rather impossible to bring him round - the only possible way to hinder the wild Elvenprince would mean to bind him in heavy chains deep down in the cold and damp dungeons, something Oropher would never dare to think of.Instead, the King tried to shunt all unpleasant duties which were connected with the visit of the Lindon elves to his son. His voice had calmed down when he continued to speak   “Very well my young prince, the welcome reception for the arriving party from Lindon and tomorrow’s schedule for our visitors is entirely your business – as I did not send an invitation, they can surely live without my hospitality this afternoon. I have important matters to attend, yet I will meet you for tonight’s dinner.”My business? Entirely? Thranduil sent silently a hundred thanksgivings to the Valar Chakaaa, ayaaaa the Elvenprince was squeaking with joy inwardly andjumped impatiently from one foot to another, burning with excitement in front of the stern gaze of King Oropher, his father.“Thranduil? Only one thing: By the Valar, BEHAVE!” deep inside, Oropher already knew that his command was spoken in vain, sensing glimpses of Thranduil’s mischievous thoughts through their mindlink.“Of Course, Ada – what do you think of me?” Thranduil bowed deeply before his father - not to show respect for his king but to hide his broad, impish smile from Oropher’s piercing green eyes.Within the blink of an eye the young prince hopped away like an agitated elfling, down the numerous stairs leading to his father’s throne, humming in a soft voice.Oropher could only shake his head in wonder, questioning himself silently as he watched his beloved son leap away in joy “Oh dear - Thranduil, will you ever grow up?”



Wine cellar
Chapter Summary
Thranduil takes care of tonight's festivities in the wine cellar




---------

Chapter 05 - Wine Cellar
 
My business? Certainly? Oh well, so many things to do, so little time. Help! 
Thranduil’s mind was swirling in a violent manner, that the young Sinda prince almost fell down the last stairs leading to his father’s well-equipped wine-cellar, housing the rarest and finest spirits on Arda. Oropher had a weak spot - a very weak spot to be more precise - for expensive and excellent-tasting wine, something Thranduil had truly inherited from his stubborn father.Even before the young prince reached the cellar, he was already screaming into the dimly lit cavern, panting his words under his short breath “Galion, we are expecting guests tonight, other elves - there will be an enormous feast tonight – A FEAST!”His voice was filled with exaggeration and excitement, whilst he jumped impatiently around the heavy oak barrels, not caring if Galion was busy and actually listening to the excited princeling “Wine, Galion, we need wine, the best one our realm has to offer, the finest spirits Greenwood has to give. This one…“Thranduil pointed with his slender finger on a heavy oak-barrel standing in front of him “YES! … ’Tis Dorwinion will be perfect for tonight’s dinner”Galion, Oropher’s handyman for centuries, shook his head in disbelief, addressing the impatient princeling in a stern and questioning voice “Does your father know that you are down here, Thranduil?”In a squeaking voice Thranduil screamed “Of course he knows!” - the silver-haired prince widened his eyes in played shock, surprised how Galion could dare to think he would defy his father’s orders once again.
Me? Defying orders? Never! I would never EVER do such a foolish thing. Paaah!
“Are you certain?” Galion was well aware of the fact that Thranduil was forbidden to set a single foot into Oropher’s secluded wine cellar after his last drinking bout with stolen wine, Oropher had told him several times to have a watchful eye on his only son and the wine in particular.“Galion! For Valar's sake! YES!” Thranduil was more than tempted to yell To hell with your reproach and sense of duty but instead he continued to speak proudly, his emerald eyes were sparkling with anticipation of the upcoming event “I am responsible for the arriving party from Lindon. Ada is ‘busy’” surpressing the urge to add his real thoughts: Ada is a stubborn fool, Ada does not know what’s good for him – not yet! “…so I have to take care of our dear visitors. We do not want to offer poor stuff, do we? Yes Galion, that Dorwinion will be perfect” in a quick and slender movement the young elf sat cross-legged on top of the heavy barrel, grinning broadly.“Thranduil, you have an excellent taste - it is the most expensive wine we have to offer”“Good”“..and it is also the strongest”Ayaaa, I know, that’s the very reason why I want to have it for tonight but he didn’t utter his real thoughts,instead he continued “Even better”Galion frowned, feeling that his young prince had some wickedness, some impish plan for tonight in his mind. In a questioning tone he addressed the young Prince of Greenwood the Great “Thranduil? What are you up to?”With a slight tilt of his head, Thranduil lowered his lashes coyly and asked innocently “Me? Up to? Galion, how could you …? How could you think such a thing?” shaking his head in wonder.A broad smile crossed Galion’s handsome face as he bridged the distance between them “Now, now my dear friend, don’t fool me, I know you and your wicked mind far too well” and a cheerful laughter escaped his lips before he continued to speak “..and you are well aware of the fact that I love your wickedness, Thranduil - these halls would be boring as hell without my eccentric prince”He punched the young prince who still sat cross-legged on top of the barrel playfully into the side. “So come on, don’t pretend to be shy like an innocent maiden, we both know you are anything else than that - what are you up to?"“Elves, Galion … Elves from a different realm are visiting, I’m curious to learn their customs, hear their stories, their …”Galion had a hard time to suppress his giggles upon the princes’ words, wondering what exactly Thranduil wanted to learn from the Lindon elves
‘Learn’? Oh Thranduil, what do you want to ‘learn’ from them and – more important - how do you define ‘learn’ in this context?
“Elves? Probably, but most certainly you do not want to ‘learn’ from a random elf, would you?” he was giving the word learn a special, distinct emphasis as he spoke.“Paaahh, don’t you dare!” With a single, fluid movement the silver-haired prince sprang down from the barrel to his feet again, his face only inches away from the brown-haired butler of his father. As he continued in a softer voice he closed the gap between them, bringing his lips to the perfectly shaped pointy ear of the other elf, whispering almost seductively with a hint of mischief.“I am most certain that I do not have to be taught in this field - or do you think otherwise, dear Galion?” Thranduil’s skilled fingers were travelling down Galion’s spine as he spoke, before they found a comfortable rest on his buttocks, pressing their bodies together, his tongue gently licking around the pointy ear.Without awaiting Galion’s reply, without giving a sufficient answer to the previous question, Thranduil removed himself from the startled elf that stood before him with flushed cheeks. Within seconds, the young Elvenprince was hopping playfully away in the direction of the exit, yelling down the stairs before he left the cellar “THAT Dorwinion for tonight, understood?”Galion shook his head in wonder and disbelief how it was possible - even after years – that Oropher’s son could surprise him, leave him behind - aroused, with flushed and burning cheeks despite their occasionally shared fleeting nights together “Oh Thranduil, you wicked thing! I’ll find out before nightfall where your interests lie anyway” 



Welcome Reception
Chapter Summary
Glorfindel and Erestor finally arrive in King Oropher's realm but the proud King only sends his son for the Welcome Reception. Thranduil can't behave :D




Chapter 06 – Welcome Reception
………
Old Road to Amon Lac, Realm of King Oropher
The old winding path led the travelling company further and further into the dense forest, into the very heart of King Oropher’s realm, towards Amon Lac, the newly built capital of Greenwood the Great.Erestor was captured by the almost magical aura of the forest, soaking up the intoxicating aroma emitted by the mossy ground and Arda’s damp soil, a gentle and comfortable summer-breeze caressed his slender form, danced every here and then through his raven tresses, stroking his handsome face in the softest of touch. The ancient trees – mainly lithe birches and larches - whispered to him, entangling their sweet voices with the fair songs of numerous birds, sparkling in the bright sunshine in the most beautiful colors of green and yellow.The stunned raven-haired advisor could see the twilight of the ancient forest begin to lighten as he rode along with his friend through the dense canopy of leaves into a small, almost hidden glade, covered in the beautiful, vivid colors of early summer flowers. Erestor spotted wild orchids, blooming in ivory and dark pink, the bright yellow of Dandelion’s, the lilac floor of marsh blue violet combined with the glowing green of woodruff.
Oh Woodruff
Erestor’s licked his lips in anticipation, as his mind began to wander, he had almost forgotten about the sweet and sour taste of it which made his mouth water. The dark-haired elf loved nothing more than a wine cooler made of sweet woodruff, a specialty rarely served in Lindon, their home far away at the sea.And here? Erestor blinked wide eyed Millions and millions more of woodruff plants, enough to pick a sufficient hoard lasting for an immortal life. The Councilor had to make sure they would pick some leaves of the sweet plant on their way back home.The air was heavy and filled with various floral and herbal aromas, ever prominent the alluring scent of numerous Lily of the Valley flowers – Glorfindel’s favorite incense and rarely used in Lindon.Whilst Erestor observed every single tree, studied every sparkling leaf with eyes wide in amazement, Glorfindel paid the stunning beauty of the old forest no attention at all. His thoughts were by far too occupied to elaborate a masterplan how to keep the Oropher’s naughty son at bay during their visit.The less I see of him, the better – at best, I do not see him at all! The blond Vanyar knew that this would be hardly possible, after all Thranduil was Oropher’s heir, the King’s only son, but nonetheless - his upset mind found ease in his wishful thinking.“Alright, Alright” Glorfindel grumbled to himself as Asfaloth trotted along the mossy path deeper and deeper into the bewitched forest “At least I have to find a way to make him pay for his previous, entirely inappropriate actions. Make him pay for his speech, for the painted horse, for his simple existence! And if it is the only thing we will achieve whilst we have to waste our days in this cursed forest”Glorfindel was more than certain that their King had sent them onto a suicide mission, the entire trip would be a big letdown – no treaty, no alliance, no help from those damn wood-elves would come this day nor any day after. The blond elf-lord was so caught in his mental rant over the wood-elves that he did not notice that those words of annoyance slipped over his rosy lips aloud “So for what – for heaven’s sake – did he sent us here to this god-forsaken realm? Travelling on and on for weeks and weeks, far away from our beloved home, torture our beasts to trod over stony paths, …”Now it was Erestor’s turn to silence his companion, getting slightly annoyed by the constant lament of self-pity“Oh Glorfindel, just stop complaining! It is almost impossible to stand it a minute longer. ‘Tis is bad, that is even worse, ‘tis inacceptable – right! Your grumpy mood is more than inacceptable. What about: Open your eyes and inhale the beauty this ancient forest has to offer, smell the damp and earthy air, watch the dancing leaves in amazement and listen to the beautiful songbirds singing their praise to the summer? This forest is wonderful, Glorfindel!”The blond Vanyar muttered his protest aloud “Possibly, if there would not live those horrid wood-creatures”“Elves. ELVes. ELVES! They are elves as we are – our KIN - my friend, not some despicable creatures that crawled out of Mordor’s stinking pits! Glorfindel I do wonder since when you have become such a racist? And I warn you, do not dare to instigate a third kinslaying upon Thranduil’s mere presence in his father’s halls!”Erestor watched his blonde friend suspiciously before he continued with his monologue “Kinslaying, yes my friend, that very reason why Oropher had moved into this secluded forest to mingle with the ancient Silvan elves, moved away as far as any possible from the threat of the Noldor, from US!”“Don’t you dare to insult me as Kinslayer!” Glorfindel answered furiously.Erestor smiled, speaking in a low, teasing tone to his enraged friend “I did not say that you are one, I merely said that I am afraid you might become one”The blonde Vanyar yelled, dearly upset by his friend’s ever calmly spoken words, disturbing the numerous birds singing above them in the leaf -canopy “That’s the same Erestor!”“No” Erestor’s voice was deadly calm as ever, without any emotion.“Oh yes, it is” Glorfindel’s hands were forming into fist’s around Asfaloth’s reins as his anger rose once again, his mood was darkening constantly and the blond elf was close to throw a tantrum in the middle of the forest.“No. No. and thrice no, it is not. I just ask you to behave yourself around the young Prince, that you do not lose your manners” He held back a chuckle and his real thoughts, knowing that those would be the last straw for Glorfindel “although I never thought you had many of them. Glorfindel and manners? Oh well, that’s an opposition in itself”Erestor slipped back into his councilor attitude when he continued once more calmly “Alright, all I wanted to say is: Please, just behave whilst we are in Oropher’s citadel, otherwise we can forget our High-King’s request for an alliance from the beginning”A heavy sign left the dark-haired advisor’s lips as he sent silent prayers to the Valar, dearly hoping that Glorfindel would act according to his rank as elf-lord – but he was not certain about it, the blonde has proven the contrary by far too often over the centuries.Erestor kept quiet for the rest of their journey, inhaling the sweet display of the magical forest, curious to meet the King of the Woodland and his Prince. …….
Amon Lac
The young Elvenprince paced back his father’s endless corridors and winded hallways, his mind swirling violently - he wanted to make everything appropriate for their stay, yet he had no idea how much effort – how much time - it took to arrange everything in a perfect manner!
So many things to do, so little time. Help! Help! Help! I have to schedule their meetings, I have to take care of tonight’s menu, to hop into the bath and make myself nice.. Ahhhh.. no time, no time!
Thranduil decided to do the most important things first, he always had done so, pushing rather unpleasant duties far – very far - aside. As he had already taken great care of the perfect wine for the feast (which was the uttermost important thing for the young prince) he decided to head back to his private chambers in the royal family wing of Oropher’s citadel to wash away the dirt and dust of himself, he can think of everything else whilst sitting in the bathtub.“Aya, sounds like a plan” Thranduil squeaked joyfully as he ran with flowing silken strands up the last stairs leading to his chambers “If I run out of time, the Dorwinion and a nice, beautifully smelling Princeling have to be enough for tonight but that’s a fair deal, dear golden beauty, is it not?” The young elf literally could not wait to see his golden desire once again, his impish mind was constantly circling around Glorfindel and what he had planned for the Elda.Thranduil opened the richly ornamented door to his chambers and rushed into his rooms, heading directly into his spacious private bathing chamber, a dearly beloved amenity he held as Oropher’s heir. As he sank his troubled body into the comforting warmth of the floral scented water, his mind began to wander, back and forth to the golden elf to whom he would bid his welcome shortly.
Schedule? 

Nay – oh his hair, dancing in the wind - golden as Anor’s bright summer rays, I wonder how his locks would feel like? Silken as mine or .. somehow different?

Food? 

Nay – Valar, have you seen the perfectly tanned skin, flawless, beautiful. How does it taste like, feel like?

Schedule for tomorrow? 

Nay – Those shoulders, those glorious shoulders and his chest – broad, muscular, well-defined. 
His jaw gasped open, drooling over the elf-lord once again, as the young Prince imagined how he would lay down his weary head on the Blonde’s chest after a night full of passion. Absentmindly, his hand began to stroke his aching flesh underneath the water surface, sending shivers through his body despite the warmth of the water.
Food for tonight? 
Nay! I wonder…. if everything is THAT broad! His eyes went wide and Thranduil snickered, knowing this very thought would not leave him until he had finally found out.
Schedule?

Nay …
But Thranduil’s lustful musing was interrupted violently as he heard the sound of a horn in the distance, this distinct tone erupted from the watch tower a mile away, announcing visitors to Oropher’s palace.
A mile? Only A MILE? AWAY
“F.. Fuck .. FUCK!” was all the young elf could manage to speak as he jumped out of the tub, leaving the beautifully tiled floor soaking wet before he dried himself and his hair poorly and poured some – in his haste by far too much - of his precious Lily of the Valley oil into his damp silken locks. In the speed of a lightning he hushed to his wardrobe, grabbing the first leggings he got hold of, jumped into the fabric and slammed his door shut when he left his chambers.Thranduil was wearing only a pair of dark-brown leggings together with his light boots, his silver hair a tangled mess which was still damp from his bath as he hasted down the numerous stairs towards the entrance of King Oropher’s citadel, his golden cage.“I am late, late .. damn it, I am responsible for them, damn it, damn it – fuck it” he cursed heavily as he tumbled down the unnumbered stairways in his father’s hall, rushing hastily through the winding hallways ever further down towards the bright sunlight of the courtyards to Oropher’s palace, the very place where the young prince was supposed to meet his guests – or the Noldorin plague as his father used to call them.His outer appearance was hardly appropriate to greet any random guest to his father’s halls - least of all high ranked visitors of far-away realms who deserved and expected a proper welcome reception upon their arrival. Yet the young Sinda prince did not give a shit about it, and Thranduil was certain that his father would not condemn his actions - after all he was just about to welcome those god-forsaken, uninvited Noldorian pest into his father’s capital. In fact, the young Sinda was sure, his father would highly approve that he had not made a big fuss about the arriving party.And there Thranduil stood - outside of his father’s newly built citadel on the slopes of the Greenwood Mountains in the brightest light that Anor had to offer - at the end of the broad stairs leading up to the grand courtyard in front of the sacred heart of Greenwood the Great, awaiting the arriving vistors from Lindon impatiently together with a handful of his father’s guards around him.In the distance the soft sounds of plashing water - arising from the various, richly ornamented fountains which were scattered around the courtyard leading to his to his father’s elusive palace - could be heard, an entirely relaxing sound, Thranduil thought. Somehow splashing water always eased his wicked mind no matter if it derived from fountains or gushing waterfalls.A soft summer breeze gently caressed his damp silver hair which was flowing freely around his handsome face, pooling around his slender shoulders glooming in the bright sunshine like delicate mithril fibers. The warm breeze danced playfully around the perfect alabaster skin of his well-trained and quite muscular chest he possessed despite his young age but still equipped with the lithe body features typical for young elves. His sparkling green eyes watched the approaching riders carefully, no hint of mischief was visible, only an enormous level of curiosity.It took Erestor a while to avert his dazed eyes from the beautiful vision displayed before him as he was caught within the gaze of the silver-haired elf standing across the stony bridge in the distance, the path leading to the Heart of Greenwood.In order to divert from the attraction he somehow felt for the young Elvenprince, he started to tease his old friend again “Glorfindel, look, your young Princeling does already await you impatiently my dear friend”“Come on, Erestor. Shut up, King Oropher will soon arrive to bid his welcome”“But can’t you see it? Com’on, look closely, he has already stripped off his tunic to greet you. And .. he’s almost fainting upon your golden vision”“Fu….”Before they could continue their fruitless argument they stood right in front of the stairs leading to Oropher’s citadel and on top of those stair stood Thranduil, with glowing silver locks and sparkling emerald eyes, surrounded by a handful soldiers – AND - only clad in brown leggings.“Welcome to my father’s realm, Welcome to Amon Lac, dear visitors from afar” Thranduil tried to sound as political and important as ever possible with his swirling mind.
Oh Valar, I could ravish you right here on my father’s stairs my golden beauty 
In his mind, the young prince already disrobed the blonde elf lasciviously, let his fingers wander over the perfectly tanned body, trailing seductive fractals with his fingertips over the strong chest. Thranduil cursed himself in silence that he had grabbed in his haste the tightest of all leggings he possessed, feeling his twitching arousal against the restricting fabric.Both elves could not believe their eyes as the almost nude Elvenprince bid his welcome to them, they stared at each other in utter disbelief, unable to speak a single word as they dismounted their horses.Thranduil had a fairly hard time to suppress his giggling, finding great amusement in the effect his appearance had on both elf-lords who stood with wide-eyes like frozen marble statues next to their horses.The young Elvenprince still stood above them, on the edge of the stairway, addressing them in a strong, but slightly mocking voice “Now, now, don’t you stare as if you have never seen a half-nude elf in your life before and..” he paused momentary “forgive me if I have offended you - I was not told nor warned that Lindon elves are more prudent than the Lady Galadriel.”Erestor’s jaw gasped wide open as he heard the last words the silver-haired Prince had spoken.
Valar! How does he dare to speak in such a disrespecting manner of our Lady! 
But the longer Gil-Galad’s advisor thought about what Thranduil had just said, the more curious did he get – as it was true that numerous rumors of Celeborn’s frequent adventures with his own Galadhrim had reached his ears lately.“Is it really true than?  Erestor heart missed a beat and he questioned himself inwardly “Celeborn and his guards? Valar forgive”  his thoughts drifted off in an instant, he imagined the shining figure of Celeborn under Ithil’s soft rays, dancing in the silver twilight under the dense leaf-canopy of Lorien’s beauty, only wearing a crown of leaves.“Valar forbid!” The raven-haired advisor could not deny his millennia old preference for silver-haired elves and lavishing Celeborn’s strong body had always been a favorite fantasy. In this very moment, Erestor was ever grateful for the wide robe he was wearing, hiding his body’s immediate response from prying eyes.Thranduil paused momentary, watching Erestor slipping into musing with half-lid eyes, before he continued his welcoming speech, playfully hopping down the last stairs which lead to the old road until he stood right before them “King Oropher is occupied with his kingly duties this afternoon and as his heir I was appointed to welcome you to his palace, take care of your stay and schedule tomorrows appointments” Thranduil could sense their slight disappointment that his father did not see the necessity to welcome them personally, so he added “But my father will join us for tonight’s dinner and he will hear your message by tomorrow”“I assume you are exhausted from your travels and you would prefer to relax and take a bath” he moved closer to Erestor, sniffing nosily on his cloak “Yes, a bath would definitely be a good idea before you join tonight’s dinner” Although he could smell nothing more than the soft aroma of herbs, Thranduil found great delight in the grimacing features of the raven-haired advisor who was torn out of his reverie and so did Glorfindel. The blond elf had a hard time to suppress his chuckles, finally it was Erestor who had to endure Thranduil’s naughty jokes upon his expanses.“Come now, my guards will take care of your horses” Thranduil moved his position slightly, standing next to the blonde elf as he whispered ever so calmly into Glorfindel’s ear “And do not worry, my friend, they do not like rainbow colors, in fact they are very fond of everything green” Oh Valar, an emerald horse! With an emerald crown! Perfect! Before the blonde elf could speak a single world of protest, the young prince was several meters ahead, waving his hands towards them to hurry “Come, I will bring you to your rooms in our guest quarters within the palace walls” Thranduil spoke friendly with one of the Silvan guards in their mother-tongue, pointing towards the accompanying Lindon elves who stood insecure and somehow lost in the great courtyard of Amon Lac. The brown-haired Silvan elf nodded and bid his Prince a friendly good-bye.“They will be taken care of shortly by my men and will be housed and served in a separate wing of the citadel. You however, please follow me” An inviting smile was painted over Thranduil’s fair face as he addressed both of them and Erestor could only wonder how on earth Glorfindel could not be attracted to the silver-haired offspring – it was the exact type of elf his old friend had a weakness for - young, attractive, slender built, wicked.The main area of Oropher’s citadel was a buzzing and vibrating area, filled with numerous chatting elves, it was so very different than Erestor had expected how Amon Lac and the entire Greenwood would be like.
And why had I thought so? It is all Glorfindel’s fault!
Thranduil led his guests deeper into his father’s capital, winding his way through the mass who watched the unusual triangle with prying eyes - where Erestor saw only curiosity in those sparkling emerald and brown eyes, Glorfindel felt hatred. The silver-haired Elvenprince was chatting every here and then briefly with other elves, always genuinely smiling and friendly and both guests from Lindon wondered about the informality the subjects addressed their Prince.Quickly, they had left behind the spacious main hall under Thranduil’s guidance and stood in a more quiet area of Oropher’s palace – spiraling stairs lead away in every possible direction and massive stony bridge-ways towered above them. Erestor led his eyes wander along the numerous stairs admiring the delicate craftsmen ship, up to the bridge-ways hovering above him, further into the height until his gaze had reached Anor’s bright light spilling into the citadel through a window at the very top.Unintentionally, the raven-haired advisor wondered aloud “How on earth does one remember which stairway to take?”This comment earned Erestor the brilliant laughter of the silver-haired Elvenprince who had watched him closely admiring his father’s newly built palace.“Oh…”Friendly emerald eyes roamed freely over Erestor’s body as Thranduil spoke “Dear Erestor, you will get used to them by time – but … I could put little ribbons all over to ensure you will find the way back to your quarters if you would prefer this option” (but never mind my black beauty - my father knows his halls fairly well, you won’t need time nor ribbons – nor would you need our guest rooms)Instead of adding his thoughts, Thranduil only twinkled into the direction of the startled Erestor.They climbed the countless steps in the dim twilight at a slow pace in silence which was only interrupted by Thranduil’s light-hearted humming in a playful tone – Erestor admired the beauty of Thranduil’s home, Glorfindel frowned inwardly, having to watch constantly the nude back of the silver-haired elf and Thranduil smiled broadly, his mind vibrating with wicked thoughts. They entered into the by Anor’s rays brightly illuminated, never-ending corridor on the second-to-last floor, high above the dense leaf-canopy of the surrounding forest.“Councilor Erestor?” The young prince turned abruptly around in front of a massive wooden-door, standing only inches away in front of the raven-haired advisor. The summer sun was reflected by his shimmering silver hair which was pooling loosely over his chest. With a single movement of his hand, Thranduil brushed the strands behind his pointy ears, leading the tresses to fall solemnly onto his back. “These are your rooms. If there is something amiss or not to your liking please do not wait to search for me. Dinner will be served after sunset but I will make sure that you will be picked up. We do not want that you get lost, do we?” But Erestor - at least his mind - was already lost, staring mesmerized onto the mithril rings which were pierced through Thranduil’s nipples. The councilor could only stutter his answer “Yes.. Yes.. my prince”“Very well, Councilor Erestor. I will see you at tonight’s dinner table than” Thranduil covered his little secret again with his silver locks, addressing the waiting Vanyar who gazed out of the window “Dear Glorfindel, your rooms are located only some meters away. Come, I assume you want to refresh before tonight.”“Yes, I would like to do so” It was almost the first time in his life that Glorfindel had spoken politely with the young Sinda.Thranduil let the golden-haired elf way from Erestor’s rooms, along the long corridor. “And these are your rooms” he pointed towards the ornamented door and moved closer to unlock the guest room. The massive door swung open in an instant and Thranduil bid his guest to enter the spacious room. Standing in the door frame, Thranduil watched Glorfindel closely with an impish smile as the blonde elf let his eyes travel over the different furniture in his living room and discover the amenities of his new ‘home’.Without invitation, Thranduil entered the room which was now assigned to Glorfindel, heading into the direction of the separate bed chamber.Glorfindel was screaming furiously after the young elf “Out!” “Now!”But the young prince ignored every single yell – instead he removed his boots and fell back directly onto the soft and spacious bed which was standing in the middle of the room. When he heard Glorfindel entering the room, he stretched lazily against the silken pillows, yawing hearty.Glorfindel was fuming with anger “What the hell do you think you are doing?”“Well, just making sure that our beds are specious enough and entirely appropriate for you, my lord” Thranduil replied coyly and with lowered lashes which only resulted in increased annoyance of the golden elf-lord“Out! Of! My! Bed!” The air was vibrant when Glorfindel spoke his command in a voice which would move a whole army, a command learned during the long millennia of constant warfare, leaving no space for disobedience.Paaah, you will beg on your knees that I enter this very bed before the night is over my dear friend!  Ohhh… Thranduil’s mind drifted off into an entirely different direction.. Valar and … I wonder.. would you command me in THAT way tonight? He questioned himself silently How would it feel to be commanded by that voice in my bed?.. Uiiiii Thranduil was beyond excited and aroused by now, he had never even thought - let alone allowed any of his bed partners to dominate him, but now the young Elvenprince found the mere thought utterly alluring.Glorfindel spat his word, sensing that the Prince had some smutty thoughts in his weird mind “NOW!” In his fury, he had almost grabbed the Prince at his shoulders to remove the smirking elf from his bed.“Calm down! Calm down! I did not mean any harm nor offence” with a fluid, single movement the silver-haired elf was on his feet again, grabbing his boots and walked past Glorfindel on bare feet, inhaling the aroma of sunflowers and sea-breeze once again“See you tonight” he twinkled in the direction of the now startled elf, adding in a commanding tone “And make sure you dress appropriate for the Royal family”“Oh you god-forsaken annoying brat, get out of here!” Thranduil could hear the muffled sounds echoing through the hallway leading to the guest quarters as he paced away to his own chambers on the other side of the palace.



Preparations
Chapter Summary
Prince Thranduil is lost in preparations - and in lustful reverie




Chapter 07 - Preparations

.......

Thranduil’s private chambers
Thranduil rushed back into his rooms hastily, the time only slipped away under his hands and there was so much he had to take care of, so much more he wanted to do before the dinner was about to start. Until he would see his golden desire again!Absentmindly the young prince licked his rosy lips in anticipation, his mind was drifting off instantly once again – vividly he imagined their nightly activities together, chasing his blonde god with his flowing silver-hair and naked as the Valar had created him through his father’s enchanted forest under a moonlit sky, only to wrap his slender arms around the well-built body, panting his wicked thoughts breathlessly into the pointy ear of his soon-to-be lover. But before he could finish his well-planned, seductive assault on the elflord, Thranduil found himself bound tightly with his arms to the branch of the nearest tree – his wrists had been caught in a single movement, by far too quick to reaction.“Eeee!!! Eeeee!! Heeelp! HEEEELPPP!” Thranduil struggled against the elvish rope and kicked his legs, squeaking in an upset voice “EeeeH!! Mellon?” What do ya think you are doing ya old pervert? Release me!”But the only response the tossing Prince received was a roaring laughter from the blonde who found a comfortable rest on the mossy ground with his back leaned against the massive trunk of a tree, observing the fighting elf carefully.“Eeee! Com’on, set me free you noldor-bastard! Or I will tell Ada about ya foolish action – I will tell him! Yes Yes”Again broad laughter danced through the midnight forest before Glorfindel began to speaj in a calm voice, carrying a slight hint of amusement.“Do as you please little one – supposed you will ever be found in this godforsaken forest.”With these words, the blond Elflord rose to his feet again, circling around the tossing elf ever so distantly that Thranduil’s feet would not reach him. His words were mere whispers to the damp air “I assume your daddy will be more than pleased to find out that you lust shamelessly after us god-forsaken Noldor, would he not? That you hardly can take your eyes off our glorious bodies, would he not?”Silently, Glorfindel moved backwards, step by step – inch by inch - never leaving the furiously sparkling emerald eyes of Thranduil as he continued in a mocking voice “And … I bet – your Ada will be surprisingly amused to find his beloved little elfing in THAT very state you are in right now with the first morning light.”A broad smirk crossed Glorfindel’s fair features as he spoke “Thranduil, just look at you - Bound to an innocent tree, tossing and turning, naked like a filthy little dwarf, the smell of sex clinging between your legs – I am most certain Oropher would highly approve”And it was true – despite the unexpected situation he found himself in, the prince was highly aroused, clear droplets escaped his weeping member.Leaving a pearls of laughter behind him, the blond Vanyar was gone – simply vanished into the dense coppice of Greenwood the Great, leaving a startled and heavily cursing young Elvenprince behind.“Naaaa! Come back! NOW! I warn ya!! You filthy bastard! Youuu jdlkafdjsök… Yoouuuu!!” but the first time in his life Thranduil was lost for words, fighting against the tight knots around his wrists.It took some seconds until the young Elvenprince had found the right words again, yelling into the moonlit forest“You son of a warg! Release me… Come back you coward. I curse you, all of you, YES! The curse of Thranduil!” Uiii.. they will write about me in all the later history books of Middle-Earth, Thranduil the mighty, Thranduil the kinslayer-curser! “Did ya hear me?! I curse you until the end of Arda!”But no answer cameThranduil was trapped! Left alone in silence and - no matter how hard the young Elvenprince tried - he could not free him from the bounds around his arms.“Glorfindel? Are you there?” his questioning voice was quivering slightly. Thranduil did not like the situation, not at all, his mind was swirling heavilyNo answer came“Saes? Glorfindel .. their .. might.. be spiders.. I don’t like spiders.. I don’t like bugs…I don’t like worms … IIHHHHHH” a sound of utter disgust escaped Thranduil’s lips before he continued, trembling violently “eeee.. I am arachnophobic! Saes!”No answer came – but Glorfindel had a hard time to swallow his chuckles – a wood-elf afraid of spiders and other tiny creatures of the forest was simply ridiculous.Thranduil was almost crying in his despair as he begged for his release “Fin… please, I will do anything you want but .. release me”No answer came“Did ya hear me? I will do A-N-Y-T-H-I-N-G!”“Anything? Are you certain my little Princeling?” Glorfindel’s words – carrying a hint of mischief - danced playfully through the damp air of the forest right into Thranduil’s ears“Yes” Thranduil panted breathlessly “Yes, yes – hell yes!” – and it was no lie - he would do everything Glorfindel wanted – literally anything, no matter how pervert the ideas would be – anything was better than to be eaten alive by an invisible army of spiders.“Very well my Prince” the most beautiful smile Thranduil had seen in his life crossed Glorfindel’s fair features as the blonde Vanyar walked over to him again, whispering into his hot ears “But I have to disappoint you ever so slightly – ‘Anything’ involves that you’ll have stay in this very position a little longer”With an entirely unexpected and fierce slap to his naked arse, the young Elvenprince was torn out of his lustful musing!“Ouuuuuuuuuuch” Thranduil jumped almost against the ceiling as he felt the bitter-sweet pain in his day-dream“Valar’s sake! What was THAT?!” he asked the image of his grandfather which hung framed at the nearest wall but Thranduil only received a firm disapproval.“Paaah, don’t know what’s good grand-pa” The young prince was more than tempted to slip right between the sheets of his spacious bed as he was – again! - harder than the Silmarils, wandering constantly on the edge of his climax for hours - ever since he had lain his eyes on Glorfindel once again.Naaaa .. he cursed violently as he studied the setting sun through his window high over the leaf-canopy … No time, no time, no time! Ada’s lonely, good Thranduil will change that, yes, yes! If you want it or not my dear father, you can’t escape!Thranduil swirled around in an instant, searching every drawer of his little medicine cabinet, cursing in various forms of elvish “Damn it, where is it? For fuck’s sake where are these damn flowers?” He frowned, eying every single box carefully before he threw them on the floor. “Ayaa.. finally” he smiled at the little casket in his hand, reading the label carefully <Viola tricolor subsp. Hortensis> Pansy  “Yes, yes, yes, you are the ones I want for Ada and my raven-haired beauty” The young elf picked several dried flowers and left his room again, leaving an awful mess behind. ………
Wine-cellar of Amon Lac
“Galion.. GAAAALION .. are you here? Come on, don’t be shy! I need you ….. – err – I need your help! Now!” Thranduil was pacing the wine cellar impatiently, searching for his father’s butler for the second time this day.“AHH! There you are.” Before Galion had the chance to reply, Thranduil was babbling in a flustered tone “I need more wine, way more wine! My father will have lunch tomorrow with Erestor. A Multi-course-lunch and they need the perfect wine accompaniment! You know my father’s ill temper, you know his hatred towards the Noldor – even though that one is quite handsome” “AND .. he’s lonely, embittered – WE need to help him!!“We? Thranduil, what are you up to? You don’t say that you are trying to pair our king off with this elf – that NOLDOR?” Galion shook his head, wondering what the hell came over his young prince to even think Oropher would be interested in this ‘special’ alliance “My dear friend, come down from your megalomania, ‘tis insane – even for somebody used to your wicked mind as I am. Tell me, how on earth do you think you’d play Cupid in this game? How shall the arrow hit your stubborn and Noldor-racist father?”The young elf smiled broadly with sparkling eyes, handing the little purse with the dried pansies over to Galion“Thranduil? What is it?” Galion eyed the flowers suspiciously, well-aware of the fact that Thranduil had a weak spot for mind-altering substances.Thranduil only answered mystically, speaking in riddles “Important things, Galion. Cupid’s arrow they will be!”Galion shook again his head, seeing the sparkle of mischief in Thranduil’s emerald eyes once again “Now? What are these flowers for?”Although the butler had not spoken his thoughts aloud, Thranduil knew exactly that Galion feared those dried leaves were hallucinogenic flowers.“Naaa… I would not waste them on my father, he wouldn’t approve nor would he enjoy” Thranduil explained calmly “They are dryed pansies, those idle in love flowers – believe me – nothing more, nothing harmful! The best flower on earth, my father will fall in love with the first elf he sees after he had consumed the draught. Galion please! Let them soak in the wine for tomorrow’s lunch and serve the wine my father!” he waved his hand in a splendid manner “serve the wine to both of them, it can only help – BUT: make sure you get out of the way before they start to drink.. otherwise” Thranduil chuckled “do I have to steal you out of my father’s bedchamber if I am feeling lonely again”Galion questioned his friend suspiciously “And Oropher would not notice the slightly different aroma of his wine?““Nay, Nay! They are tasteless, he would not realize a thing. In fact: he would only notice the stunning beauty of Erestor! Yes! ” Thranduil nodded in reassurance, sensing the inner turmoil Galion was facing, after all it was his King.“I’ll try my best” Galion answered defeated – he did not have a chance anyways, knowing that Thranduil would not let the matter rest until he had finally given in to the wicked plan “And now off with you” he almost shoved the young Elvenprince out of the room whilst he spoke “it is late already and you still wear nothing more than" he paused momentary as his eyes traveled downwards "a now besmirched leggings”Both elves were falling into a fit of roaring laughter which was heavily reflected against the stone walls.



Before the festivities
Chapter Summary
King Oropher, Thranduil, Erestor and Glorfindel get ready for the dinner - all very differently
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 

Chapter 08 - Before the festivities


.....................

 
King Oropher's private chambers
“Damn Noldor rats” Every fiber of Oropher’s millennia old body was tensed to the core “Oh those god-forsaken sons of orc, with their cursed high king” he spat his words into the wind. “Rats, Orcs, filthy things, …” the King of Greenwood the Great swore in a very unroyal manner.
Oh how Oropher would have loved to wander his glorious woods in the splendid hours of dusk, watching the sun turn golden and red, paint the sky in the most beautiful shades of orange and violet before its rays leave finally Arda’s shores. Oh how Greenwood’s King would have preferred to wander his sleepless forest under Ithil’s watchful gaze, inhaling the heavy scent of different night-blooming flowers, listening to the sweet song of the nightingale, feeling the softness of the mossy ground under his bare feet as he wound his way towards the enchanted waterfall, sparkling in the dim twilight of the stars.
“And instead?” he questioned himself silently as he stood on the massive stony balcony of his private chambers, only dressed in a light and simple robe - every curve, every firm muscle of his well-built body is visible under the fragile garment.He glanced out over the leaf-canopy beneath him whilst a soft breeze danced through his shimmering silver hair, his cold and piercing emerald eyes ever watchful
“Instead I have to waist my precious time with those god-forsaken Noldor bastards, speaking about an alliance I do not seek, wasting my stock of potent wine on them, feeding them my precious food” Oropher fisted his hands in anger and hatred, he was enraged by the mere thought to dine together with his ‘guests’ and the idea that Thranduil found great delight in those Noldorian rats did not make it any better.
Briefly, King Orpopher wondered what his wicked son, after all Prince of Greenwood the Gread and his only heir, was up to with his nobel guests but he pushed the disturbing notion away, in an instant – knowing these images would only fuel his rage.
“Thranduil I dearly hope you have a last spark of decency left in your wicked head” Oropher muttered into the warm summer breeze which was carrying his words far away into the vast forest.
His gaze was caught in the beautiful display of his realm, dense woods which were bathed in the gentlest tones of sunset, warm rays caressed his perfect face, as he whispered “Oh Valar I will never tire of you, Greenwood the Great, most beloved forest on Arda. You are my heart and my very soul”
Oropher turned around and left the balcony with a heavy sigh, knowing he had to get dressed for the most pleasant dinner he had shared in long years. He slipped into his formal robes which were dyed in the darkest shades of green, richly ornamented with sparkling ivy leaves – the symbol of his Woodland Realm, woven into the fabric with thin mithril fibers. The proud Sinda king tamed his long shining silver tresses into stately brides, closing the ends with precious ornamented mithril clips, crafted in the shapes of leaves ornamented with tiny emeralds, matching the color of his piercing eyes. Oropher studied his regal appearance calmly with those ever ice-cold emerald eyes in the massive mirror in front of him, placing his kingly crown of silver and sparkling green gems on top of his head, which transformed the silver-haired elf into the proud and feared King of the Woodland Realm, King Oropher of Greenwood.
 
.

Erestor's guest room

Erestor frowned as he tried to form a mental image of the Sinda King whom he was about to meet in an hour - but no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to do so. Silently, the raven-haired advisor questioned himself if Thranduil has inherited his beautiful appearance from his father, if Oropher would look like an older, wiser, less wicked image of the young crown prince.
Does he have silver hair? Those sparkling emerald eyes of Thranduil? … Does he have .. Valar forbid!
Erestor was shocked that his mind drifted – AGAIN! – back to Thranduil’s mithril rings, the unusual jewelry of the young Elvenprince simply would not leave his thoughts. He shook his head in a fruitless attempt to erase the naughty image of those pierced nipples from his mind.
For some reason, Erestor was extraordinary nervous on this very evening, something which was only happening once in a century. In fact, he was more than curious to meet the proud King of the Woodland Realm and he took great care to choose the perfect robe for tonight’s dinner.
Blue? Nay! Erestor shook his head and threw the expensive garment carelessly aside – most likely Glorfindel will choose something blue and the last thing on Arda he wanted for tonight was to be mistaken for Glorfindel’s little raven-haired satellite, dressed in the same color – for some reason Erestor was most certain that Glorfindel’s annoying behavior would lead to a minor political affront (please not a major - he prayed to the gods again).
Green? Nay Erestor dismissed the idea in an instant, after all they were dealing with wood elves and their king, which would be most likely dressed in some nuance of the forest.
“By the Valar, that is harder than a to find the perfect dress for a elvish wedding” he paused his cursing momentary, lost in thoughts “And anyways – WHAT the hell am I DOING?“ Honestly, the raven-haired elf did not know why he made such a big fuss about his outer appearance today, something he usually did not give a damn about it

Mauve?? Mauve? Mauve!

The decision was made, remembering the kind words Glorfindel had spoken once, those words he had mistaken for a romantic advance from his blonde friend “Erestor, you look stunning. Really! The mauve enhances the sparkling of your grey eyes! Believe me .. Now now… not so shy, you truly look amazing!” Erestor slipped into the mauve robe and braided his raven locks out of his eyes, his mind still circling around tiny silvery rings.
.

Thranduil's private rooms

Thranduil stood – nude, only wearing his mithril rings - in front of his massive wardrobe, flipping hastily through the garments, taking several beautiful robes out, only to toss them aside onto the bed. None were good enough for tonight, all looked so plain, so restricting – “so formal” he spat the words. “Formal! Paaah! Why should my robes be formal when I am not? Paaah. All show and now substance!” The Elvenprince hated nothing more than formality - yet he knew he could not show up at his father’s dinner table with dirty leggings and a ‘nearly’, which meant in Thranduil’s eyes completely transparent tunic, the exact combination he’d like to dress in for this special occasion. But at last he found what he was searching for, it was no tunic but at least the emerald robe with silver-ornamented leaves was semi-transparent at the top part – and it had a massive cleavage. In a fluid movement Thranduil slipped the expensive garment over his head and hushed over to his massive mirror. He bent forward, inch by inch, mimicking how he would sit on his father’s dinner table – looking utterly bored. He bent forward ever so slightly more and was greeted by his smiling mirror image as he spotted the sparkling mithril rings, the perfect distraction for tonight’s royal dinner
“Ayaaaa” squeaking with pleasure the young elf hopped into this bathroom, taking care of his messy silver hair. “Aye Ada, is alright, I will braid them neatly, no worries” Oropher despised his son’s preference for loose tresses dearly “Thranduil will be nice and reputable“ he almost choked on his words . “Nice? Yes! Nicely looking! YES YES!” he fixed his hair with two simple braids at each side. “Uiii” he tilted his head from side to the other, dearly surprised by his own appearance “Is that truly me?” Finally he placed the mithril circlet, ornamented with tiny silver leaves, on top of his head cursing violently “Nasty thing you – NASTY thing” As much as Oropher despised Thranduil’s loose hair, Thranduil hated the crown he had to wear tonight, the circlet of state showing his position in Oropher’s realm as kingly heir.
And there he stood, Prince Thranduil of Greenwood the Great, with tidy hair, emerald robe and circlet of state on his wicked head, a royal appearance indeed - but Thranduil would not be Thranduil without a little sign of rebellion against his father’s orders. And so the silver-haired prince rushed out of his chambers on bare feet, surrounded by the intoxicating scent of too much Eau de Lily of the Valley.
 
.

Glorfindel's guest rooms

The first thing Glorfindel did after the naughty little elfprince had left his chambers was to put fresh linen onto the bed, frowning and cursing to the heavy stone-walls which guarded his privacy “I don’t want to have Sindarin smut between my sheets – no – no and thrice NAY” ..

(Pause – Glorfindel’s mind is working)


(Pause – Glorfindel’s mind is still working heavily)

“Ouch” it took the blonde elf lord a while to realize that his swearing was rather ambiguous – a realization resulting only in more curses – Sindarin, Quenya and also the common tongue left the Vanyar’s lips “Ego, mibo orch! Pe-channas! (Go, kiss an Orc! Idiot!)” he paced his room back and forth, not finding any rest at all.
“Godforsaken kingdom, I can’t sleep, the birds are noisy, the leaves are rustling annoyingly! Damn it!”
Even though he would never admit it to anyone, his guest chambers were nice – spacious with a pleasant view over the leaf-canopy of Greenwood and equipped with a private bath, a luxury Glorfindel had not expected to find in his rooms. He stripped off his dirty riding clothes and sank with a heavy sigh into the caressing warmth, dearly hoping the water and the subtle scent of violets would ease his upset mind.
Glorfindel lay on his side on his spacious bed with wet golden locks, the lower part of his well-built muscular body only covered by the innocent white linen, his sparkling sapphire eyes gazed out of the window over the leaf-canopy. The last golden-orange rays of the sun found their way into the room and danced playfully over his glooming chest, painting shaded fractals onto his perfect skin – the beautiful scenery was only interrupted by mild frowning, spilling freely from the rosy lips of the blonde elf  I’m not hungry! I am not hungry! Truth to be told Glorfindel was almost starving but he’d rather eat slimy orcish muck than to share a fancy dinner together with Oropher, the Great King and his naughty brat!
“…and Erestor? Paahh.. He’d already fallen under the spell of the Green Sorcerer!” Oh yes! I love that! Green Sorcerer! GREEN Sorcerer! Glorfindel giggled helplessly, absentmindedly slipping out of the covering sheets as he imagined Oropher’s stern features grimace upon the insult.
The blond elf lord was interrupted as a soft knock was placed on the wooden door – Glorfindel was in no mood to listen to Erestor’s soapy talk about the wood-elves, nor did he want to discuss the naughty brat again with his raven-haired friend right now. He was more than tempted to simply ignore the knock, but was torn out of his thinking as another – this time more fierce knock was placed on the massive oak door, and he knew Erestor would keep on and on. Glorfindel frowned as he wrapped the linen sheet around his waist and cursed inwardly before he finally bid the awaiting elf to enter.
Fuck the Valar, Erestor!  “ENTER! His annoyed shout travelled through the massive hallway as the wooden door smashed open.
“Ohhhhh…” Thranduil was startled as he entered the room - the young Elvenprince had not dared to hope for such a pleasant sight, his golden dream only ‘dressed’ in innocent white linen with bare chest, displaying the most perfect golden skin he had ever seen.

Oh Valar.. look .. LOOOK … Oh Mandos ya must be blind if you ever let THAT god leave your halls.

Thranduil’s mind was spinning heavily, he could not decide where to look first, where his eyes should find a comfortable rest – he licked his lips in anticipation.
“OUT OF MY CHAMBERS” Glorfindel screamed - if he would have found anything nearby he would have thrown it after the silver-haired prince
“What?” Thranduil was startled even more, his emerald eyes sparkling “But just a second ago you bid me to enter?” Without hesitation he bridged the distance between them, standing tall in front of the golden Vanyar.
“I said OUT you brat” Glorfindel yelled at the smiling elf before him.
Oh these firm muscles, your golden skin, I want to explore every inch, every curve of your perfect body  Thranduil licked his lips in anticipation and was tempted to simply grab the sheet and pull it away from the fuming elf, but he hesitated as he heard light footsteps approach, looking up to Glorfindel in pretended innocence
“Excuse me, dear Glorfindel, but it is dinner time” he said in his most friendly voice
“FIN!” Erestor shouted as he saw the innocent looking young elf standing in front of his enraged friend - he could not help but somehow he felt protective for Thranduil.
Glorfindel did not hear Erestor’s words nor did he see the raven-haired advisor leaning against the door as he yelled once again in his fury “OUT, you son of a warg. Thranduil I warn you!”
“But…” Thranduil was interrupted by a now furious Erestor, addressing him in a deadly voice
“Oh Glorfindel, shut up and get dressed, Prince Thranduil only wants to pick us up for dinner” The raven-haired advisor rolled his eyes in annoyance “Don’t always think you are irresistible and every elf in Middle-Earth and beyond wants to fuck you”
But if it is true? Thranduil only thought, dreamingly absent
“Go - Fuck yourself!” Or fuck each other, I don’t care Glorfindel was beyond enraged as he shooed both elves out of his guest chambers “And now get out of here! BOTH! – I will be done in a minute!”
A heavy sigh left his lips as both elves were finally gone. Yes he had forgotten the time, yes he was not dresses – but that was no reason to interrupt his solitude!
Fuck y’all! Glorfindel cursed inwardly as he dressed in a midnight blue robe which was over and over ornamented with tiny golden flowers, the same flowers he wore in his simple warrior braids.

I am not hungry, I am not! I curse y’all! I don’t want to go… Damn it. Fuck it! 

Thranduil’s jar gasped open Glorfindel stepped out of his room, caressed by the last sunrays from behind – the sight nearly took his breath away!
By the grace of the Valar! Never in his life had he seen an elf so charming, so enticing, so utterly beautiful – and there Prince Thranduil of Greenwood the Great stood again: Drooling with wide eyes, painfully aroused, his mind spinning violently for seconds.
“Now … hush hush!” “We do not want to let my father wait, do we?” without asking, the silver-haired elvenprince linked his left arm in Erestor’s as they strode down the endless corridor and tried to do the same with Glorfindel who was walking on his right side, but his fingers were slapped away with a muttered "Hands off"



Chapter End Notes
**I promise.. the next chapter will be the dinner xD***


Get the party started
Chapter Summary
Oropher, Prince Thranduil, Glorfindel and Erestor dine together in Amon Lac. The perfect opportunity for Thranduil not to behave and to seduce his golden dream



…..
Dinner
Erestor’s eyes grew wide as they entered the Great Hall – hidden deep within the heart of King Oropher’s citadel. The hall itself was so large that the ceiling was lost in their darkened heights, only illuminated by millions of flickering candles and torches which painted the room in beautiful dim twilight. The raven-haired advisor whose arm was still entwined tightly with Thranduil, was once more truly amazed by the beauty of King Oropher’s citadel, which was so entirely different than Lindon. The sweet scent of bees-wax candles combined with the strong aroma of Dorwinion danced through the halls, lingering in every corner.A gentle smile hushed over Prince Thranduil’s lips, realizing the amazement in Erestor’s beautiful eyes “I see, you like my father’s kingdom”“Indeed, Prince Thranduil. It is beautiful and so very different than I have expected it to be. I mean everything – the forest, the citadel and …” Erestor hesitated for a second “and you, Prince Thranduil” he casted a piercing glance towards Glorfindel.Prince Thranduil, Oh Lord Thranduil! Oh wait, Prince Thranduil, let me go down on my knees to show my respect! Right here, right now! Glorfindel mimicked Erestor’s voice inwardly in utter mockery Save me your soapy talk, Erestor! It’s disgusting!“May I?” Thranduil removed the massive oak chair himself, offering Erestor a seat at the massive dinner table in a friendly voice“Hannon che” Erestor felt slightly odd, being seated by the Prince of Greenwood himself and not by one of the various servants of King Oropher – but it did not surprise him: Thranduil himself was ‘odd’, but in a good way.His eyes traveled once again, absorbing the beauty of the carven stone, studying the richly ornamented candle-holder placed on the table, the heavy crystal goblets for the wine.“This is your seat for tonight” Thranduil gestured towards the seat opposite of Erestor “May I offer you my help as well or must I fear you’ll cut off my hand? “ a sly grin hushed over his lips as he spokeGlorfindel tried to stay calm as he answered “I think I can help myself, but thank you”“Very well!” The Elvenprince seated himself on the empty chair next to Erestor, on the right side of his father’s place at the head of the table which was not yet occupied. Oh Ada! You are so obvious! Thranduil frowned inwardly It is not very polite to let your guests wait! IT – IS – NOT –VERY – KINGLY! Not royal ya know! HEAR ME He almost screamed his words in silence N-O-T   R-O-Y-A-L!!How the young prince hated the words unkingly and unroyal, he had heard them at least a thousand times from his father – last month.As soon as Thranduil sat, he addressed one of the servants in their native Silvan tongue, which neither Erestor nor Glorfindel could understand. The only words Erestor could figure out where ‘King’, ‘wait’ ‘Dorwinion’ and of course Thranduil’s impatiently spoken ‘NAAAAA’.And within a second their goblets were filled with the intensively colored red wine. Thranduil rose again, taking the heavy goblet in his right hand as his mind searched for the perfect words.
Words, come on, come on, don’t ya leave me now! After the speech we can drink, so come, don’t get lost.
“Welcome again to Greenwood the Great, Welcome to my father’s realm! I dearly hope your stay will be comfortable, en … errr … delighting and successful” he turned around to face Erestor next to him and bowed his head ever so slightly as he spoke “Councilor Erestor, I am most certain you will have a most pleasant stay” he could not help but to smile, as he faced his golden dream again “Lord Glorfindel, I dearly hope you will find your time – at least – acceptable” silently he added to himself “And I would do anything I can do to make your stay unforgettable, blissful, erotic and satisfactory”
Shut up you wicked brat
“Thank you, Prince Thranduil” both Lindon elves said in unison with raised goblets, Erestor with a grateful tone whereas Glorfindel almost hissed his words and nobody had realized that King Oropher had entered the Great Hall in the meantime.“I see, my Prince has been utterly impatient once again” the temperature dropped several degrees as Greenwood’s king spoke with a deadly and frosty voice which gave not a single emotion away. Glorfindel shuddered in disgust, hearing the ice-cold voice of the proud Sinda King for the first time after half a century again. Oropher’s emerald robe brushed against the floor as he walked up the last stairs leading to the massive wooden dining table, eying his guests suspiciously..“Welcome to Greenwood the Great! Lord Glorfindel, Councilor Erestor” the proud Sinda king fought a war with himself as he was forced to utter their appropriate titles where he simple wanted to use the worst insults.Erestor was taken aback as King Oropher moved silently towards the empty seat at the head of the table. If Thranduil was beautiful, Oropher was stunningly marvelous, beautiful as one of the Valar himself – the raven-haired councilor could only stare at the silver-haired king with amazement.“Thank you for your hospitality, King Oropher” King of the forgotten, of the lost, King of the barbaric wood elves Glorfindel tried to sound grateful as he answered, a task which was not too simple for the blonde warrior as he just wanted to slap the arrogance off Oropher’s proud face - but his honor and sense of duty held him back, at least for now, being sober. Realizing that Erestor was entirely lost in day dreaming, Glorfindel kicked his friend beneath the table.“Ouch … err … Hannon che, my lord, King Oropher” the raven-haired advisor was caught in the gaze of the frosty king, caught by emerald eyes completely lacking any warmth and gentleness, piercing ice-cold emerald eyes which had lost their sparkling long millennia ago rested on himself, he could feel the gaze traveling down his form.The King of Greenwood the Great and his Prince almost resembled mirror-images of each other, yet they were so different as ever possible.Where Thranduil’s eyes sparkled with mischief, Oropher’s eyes seemed utterly lifeless, Thranduil’s voice was warm and gentle, ringing with laughter - whereas his father’s words felt like spoken chains of ice. Yet, Erestor could do nothing than to stare at the proud and beautiful king, absorbing every word Oropher spoke.
I wonder, if a searing flame is burning beneath those frosty eyes, I wonder when any kindness has left his life, I wonder …
“Is something amiss?” Oropher’s rage was fueled by the brazen staring CouncilorErestor! Erestor! Stop it! ERESTOR, for fuck’s sake - do not stare in THAT way at my father! Thranduil kicked the dark-haired elf violently unseen by his father’s eyes.“Ouch” Erestor’s hand travelled beneath the table, rubbing his hurting shin.Shut up! Thranduil and Glorfindel thought simultaneously but did not speak the words“My lord” Thranduil bowed his head as he addressed his father in all formality – an attempt to calm Oropher’s upset mind “Yes, you are right – I have been, once more, impatient. Forgive me, but I thought you had possibly other, important matters to attend this evening, so I welcomed our guests and offered them a goblet of wine.”Thranduil smiled gently, never leaving his father’s piercing eyes.Both Erestor and Glorfindel were truly amazed by the words of the young prince, they did not expect such words of courtesy from the silver-haired elf, not realizing that Thranduil struggled heavily to save their ass.Oropher’s stern features softened as spoke with Thranduil whilst he seated himself in the massive kingly chair at the head of the table “Forgiven, my son. Please and now … “ he gestured towards Galion and his servants “let us begin. I have to admit I am hungry and I assume so are you.”Thranduil only nodded towards his father, sensing that Oropher was in no mood to chat non-chalantly with their Lindon guests, the fact that Erestor could hardly take off his eyes from the King did not help.Erestor! Stop it! But he received no answerThe silver-haired Elvenprince leaned his head towards Erestor, his words were mere whispers “Erestor! For fuck’s sake! Stop staring at my father, you’ll get your go on him.. maybe! But you can’t ravish our Lord right here on the dinner table! I assume you, he would not approve! Did I make myself clear?” Thranduil’s left hand had disappeared under the table as he spoke, gently caressing Erestor’s thighs through the fabric of the robe “Why by Varda’s sake must you wear something SO restricting tonight? I have to admit that you look stunning in your mauve robe but that I cannot touch you ..  That’s a shame, dear Erestor”Erestor blushed fiercly to the top of his ears whilst Thranduil spoke, cursing inwardly that he had been more than obvious to Oropher’s son. He took a large sip from his goblet, enjoying the sweet and burning taste of the potent Dorwinion which eased his dreaming mind.Thranduil’s eyes travelled from Erestor to his blond dream, smiling wickedly as he saw that Glorfindel’s goblet was already empty, whispering to himself “Good boy, enjoy your drink, they’ll give you pleasant ‘dreams’”Out of the blue he addressed the startled Galion with an almost screaming tone “Galion! Tell our servants we need more wine” the silver haired elfprince pointed to the empty goblet in front of GlorfindelThranduil was once more a prisoner of Glorfindel’s amazingly blue eyes, caught in the endless depth of an azure ocean
By the Valar, I could drown in your eyes 
As Glorfindel’s goblet was refilled, Thranduil spoke once again to his golden dream “Did I not tell you a word? Did I not promise it? Greenwood the Great holds on an incredible celebration tonight for our dear guests, this is merely the beginning, we ‘cherish’ all our visitors” With the emphasized cherish, Thranduil’s bare feet found their way under Glorfindel’s midnight blue robe, gently caressing the nude shinbone and calf of the blonde elf.The Elvenprince spoke in played shock and astonishment “Valar forbid!” his emerald eyes grew wide “You naughty thing you! Not wearing anything beneath your robes is hardly appropriate for a royal dinner”Oropher eyed his son suspiciously, searching for Thranduil’s eyes as he addressed the smiling prince with a deadly calm voice “You are right Thranduil, it is not! But I do wonder how YOU would know such a thing”If looks could kill, Thranduil would have been dead in a second, shot to the ground by a million arrows fired the blond elf-lord himself!“I do not know such a thing! I am only guessing! But maybe he might tell us?” Prince Thranduil answered shyly when his father’s eyes traveled to the Lord of the Golden Flower.Glorfindel’s fierce blush to the tips of his pointy ears betrayed him, he did not have to speak a single word – Thranduil was right – and there was no escape out of Oropher’s stern and disgusted gaze, realizing that Thranduil’s ‘guess’ had been correct.
I hate you Thranduil, you will pay! Once again! You will pay dearly! You god-forsaken son of an orc!
This was good! Haa! Waaaay tooo good! Thanks Ada for joining in! “You look lovely when you blush, Lord of the Golden Flower” Thranduil struggled greatly as he tried to hide his chuckles when he spoke. But he meant it: Glorfindel was more than lovely with the blushed cheeks.But Thranduil would not be Thranduil if that was the peak of his wicked show for tonight.As a young servant bent forward to pour Thranduil some of the potent Dorwinion into his heavy goblet, the silver-haired Elvenprince whispered seductively into the pointy ear of the Silvan elf, only auditable for both of them.But Oropher did not need to hear the exact words Thranduil had uttered to know that it could have been only another lecherous remark, seeing the young elf blushing fiercely to the roots of his ears, stuttering his response “N..N.oo m…my Prince” A broad smile crossed Thranduil’s features as he leant back against his wooden chair, nodding his head in reassurance as he spoke “Very well, very well”“Thranduil, I warn you!” Oropher’s ice-cold gaze rested sternly on Thranduil when he addressed his only son with a warning voice “My subjects are none of your concern!”The young prince tried to sound entirely sincere as he spoke in an excusing tone “Of course not, father” adding silently to himself Oh Ada if you would only know half of the stories The twinkle he casted towards Galion at the other end of the table went unnoticed by his father.Glorfindel continued or – at least tried - to speak with Erestor, but his raven-haired friend had only eyes for King Oropher.Oh Erestor! We have to speak about this! You can’t go nuts in this kingdom, Erestor! I see it! I see it in your eyes – clearly! You can’t just sit here and drool shamelessly! Valar forbid! Glorfindel eyes went wide, seeing that Erestor’s gaze shifted constantly between King Oropher and his son back and forth! ERESTOR! Do not even dare to think about THAT possibility! DON’T! It was more than obvious to the blonde Vanyar that Erestor was fantasizing of a passionate three-some with King Oropher and his wicked son.
Valar forbid!
“ERESTOR! Good morning!” Glorfindel was tempted to bang his fist on the table to wake up his friend from his filthy daydreams but hold back, feeling Oropher’s frosty eyes upon him once again! Bastard! They were interrupted as the servants brought forth their main course, various vegetables, meat of different sort, potatoes, fruit, salads were placed on their plates – Thranduil was more than pleased about the magic of his father’s cooks.“No thank you, no meat for me, please” Erestor replied calmly as a servant wanted to place some fried rabbit onto his plate.Thranduil leaned close to Erestor, inhaling the herbal scent of his raven-haired table-neighbor “Oh you do not eat meat? What a surprise” It was more than obvious what exactly was running through the mind of the young Elvenprince as a smutty grin crossed his features whilst he spoke in a curious tone “I do wonder - from which sources do you get your protein than? I’ve heard …”“ENOUGH Thranduil!” Oropher pounded his fist on the table.“Forgive me father” Thranduil lowered his head ever so slightly, speaking in a low voice “Don’t you find my questions appropriate for tonight’s dinner table? If so, I apologize with full heart but forgive me, I’m just curious to find out more of the customs of our dear visitors, their life-style, learn from other, older elves”Now it was Galion who almost choked, standing close to King Oropher’s back.Oropher could only roll his eyes in annoyance - Greenwoods mighty king had seen and heard more than enough of Thranduil’s ill-mannered behavior this evening.“Learn? No. Thranduil, don’t you dare – WE most certainly do not want to learn anything from those Noldors.” Oropher let his ice-cold green eyes travel derogatively from Erestor to Glorfindel before he continued to speak with his heir “I had more than enough of your wickedness tonight. Thranduil! Behave yourself or you will leave in an instant! Did I make myself clear?”“Yes, father” Thranduil flinched once again under Oropher’s piercing gaze – leaving before the Dorwinion enfolded his special effect on his guests was simply no option for the naughty prince.And indeed, to the surprise of Erestor and Glorfindel, Thranduil behaved for the next half an hour perfectly, only chatting nonchalantly with his guests every now and then, taking great care of their continuous wine supply. But his father did not trust the peaceful conversation his son was holding, the mischievously sparkling emerald eyes betrayed Thranduil once again as they have done so many times before. Greenwoods King already knew he was only witnessing the silence before the storm – and as he knew Thranduil by far too well – he exchanged the word storm for hurricane inwardly but kept silent for the moment, pushing their dinner talk into an entirely different direction.“Thranduil? How did you schedule tomorrow’s day for our ‘Noldorian guests’” Oropher almost spat the last words “You know my time is limited (and so is my patience)” Although his father did not speak it aloud, Thranduil knew what his silver-haired king was thinking, feeling his emotions partly through their shared family bond - and he knew all too well that his father saw every single minute he had to spend with those Noldor as waste of time.“Yes, my Lord - I have assigned a brief meeting for you with councilor Erestor for tomorrow mid-day after lunch to discuss the urgent matter of alliance negotiations” The truth was, that the silver-haired prince has already set up a more than tight schedule for the raven-haired advisor and his father, including a multi-course meal with wine-accompaniment before the actual alliance negotiations should start.A goblet of sweet wine had never failed to soften Oropher’s furious temper and before his inner eye, Thranduil already saw the black-haired beauty sitting next to him lying in his father’s strong arm with flushed cheeks and swollen lips.
Oh Valar.. yes, yes opposite like day and night .. perfect .. PERFECT .. Opposites always attract! …
The young Elvenprince could not spin his reverie any further and was torn out of his day-dreaming when he heard his father’s questioning voice “Thranduil? I assume you have not finished to speak of your schedule for our visitors”“Forgive me, my king. You are right, I have not” he averted his eyes in shame when he confessed “my mind must have gone astray.”Both Lindon elves were amazed how quickly Thranduil could push away all wickedness and hide himself behind a mask of royal demeanor under the never gentle eyes of his father - yet they were both certain that the young prince was not over fond of his pretended role as kingly heir and Oropher’s right hand in political matters. Thranduil’s eyes wandered away from the piercing gaze of his King, finding a comfortable rest on the alluring vision of Glorfindel who was seated opposite of him, studying the handsome face in every detail.
And for you my golden-haired beauty we will see what lies ahead, won’t we?
A smile crossed Thranduil’s fair face before he explained his plans for the blonde elf “I assume, dear Glorfindel, that you would prefer to spend your day outside in the forest rather than in dark council rooms – attending boring and exhausting meetings – so: I would invite you to join myself on a trip with our horses into Greenwood the Great – showing you the beautiful things our realm has to offer - enjoying the first warm days of the year.”Glorfindel knew he could not decline the offer without causing a major political affront, although he spat at the mere thought of spending AN ENTIRE DAY with that plague of an elf.
Valar! If that is my fate on Arda – take me back – NOW – I rather spent an eternity in Mandos halls with good company and miruvor than with that naughty little brat! Tell me? What did I do that fate makes me suffer? Damn you!
Well – the occasions why fate made the golden-haired Vanyar suffer now had been numerous back in Lindon ever since - that would have been at least Erestor’s reply who smiled broadly as he studied every single emotion which Glorfindel gave away via his facial expression.“Of course I would like to enjoy the first rays of the summer“ he spoke ever so politely and refrained from the urge to add “but in solitude - not with an impish, annoying little brat on my heels in that god-forsaken, fuckin’ forest!”I miss my home! I miss the sea! I miss a good drinking game! “Damn it - curse it! For fuck’s sake I miss King’s night at the tavern that month! Kiiiiings!!” Glorfindel almost cried as he realized he would miss his favorite drinking game event “Kiiings! I have a score – a big score -to settle with that naughty ministrel. Fuuuuuu!” Glorfindel’s almost fainted at the dinner table, his eyes wide in shock.“My lord Glorfindel, are you not feeling well?” Erestor was well-aware that his friend was fairly well, nonetheless he addressed him with little mockery.(Shut up Erestor!) “It is nothing, dear Erestor” he tried to overact his true feelings with a weak smile as he spoke.“You do not lament over a missed drinking game with the bloody sailors in Lindon’s shabbiest tavern, do you?” Erestor’s bright eyes twinkled mischievously.Glorfindel almost spat his wine back into the goblet hearing Erestor speak.I kill you! I kill you right here and now you little bastard! But his anger was interrupted by Thranduil’s delightfully squeaking voice,“Drinking game! DRINKING GAME?” The young Elvenprince almost sprang out of his massive chair in excitement “Oh Valar! You are not THAT boring as I expected you to be! A drinking game, aye – perfect. Galion bring on the Schnaps. Now Now”Oropher rolled his eyes, it seemed that his offspring was in perfect company with those two bloody Noldor “Thranduil! I warn you!” Oropher’s emerald shoot ice-cold glances towards his son, before he shifted to Galion “And you! Stay where you are and make sure our wine cellar is securely locked tonight!”“They are not! But YOU are boring as hell, Ada!!” he whispered to his father via their mind link as he refilled each goblet with the potent Dorwinion, entirely content to see the slightly blushed cheeks of Erestor and Glorfindel, the first effect of the wine.“If you have my age you might be as well be ‘boring as hell’” Oropher replied silently, he had given up long ago to tame his wild son and loved the wicked and sometimes annoying elf nonetheless.“You are right, age is an utterly important issue for immortals – a valid point Ada, how could I ever forget” Thranduil giggled helplessly upon his father’s – at least in his eyes - foolish answer which lead to suspicious glances from Erestor and Glorfindel alike.“Forgive me, dear guests - sometimes I forget myself” Thranduil only managed to stutter his words under numerous giggles.“Sometimes? At ALL times!” Glorfindel blushed fiercely, realizing that he had spoken his thoughts aloud and was ever grateful that his confession had been overheard as they had already reached time for dessert and sweets.The silver-haired elven prince scanned each desert carefully – there was fruit-salad, chocolate cream, bananas and other various fruit on a silver plate.
For Valar’s sake! They have not forgotten what I have ordered? Oh Elbereth! The most important things … !
A sigh of relief left his lips as Galion placed a bowl of fresh strawberries and whipped cream in front of him at the table, murmuring into Thranduil’s ear “Enjoy, my dear Prince!”“Hannon le, Galion” the emerald eyes sparkled with mischief as an impish smile crossed his fair face. 
Dear gentleman, welcome to Greenwood the Great, welcome to Prince Thranduil’s exclusive show for tonight! Enjoy the entertainment my dear friends!
Thranduil bursted out in laughter upon his wicked thoughts as he bent forward to reach the bowl of strawberries, making sure his hidden jewelry was revealed to his golden dream who studied him with wide sapphire eyes.“You like it eh? I know you like it, I see it in your beautiful eyes” the Elvenprince mumbled inwardly, never leaving Glorfindel’s stunning eyes which sparkled in the flickering candle-light.He was only interrupted by the firm voice of his father “Thranduil? What is the matter?”Oropher sensed clearly that Thranduil was up to something ‘special’, something wicked but he could not figure out what surprise his son had planned.“Nothing father, it is nothing, I promise” he tried to sound convincing - his crossed fingers carefully hidden behind his back - but failed miserably as he could not stop his giggling until the first strawberry was in his mouth.The silver-haired Elvenprince leant back into the massive chair cross-legged as his hands reached for another strawberry which he dipped with its head into the white cream. Instead of eating the innocent fruit in a normal way as every other elf would have done, Thranduil let his tongue travel over the snow-white cream-head of the strawberry, licking away the whipped cream before he engulfed the fruit itself with his sinful lips.“Thranduil …. !” King Oropher could not believe what his wicked son was doing. Right here. In front of those god-forsaken Noldor! At the royal dinner table! “Stop it!” his voice was beyond upset once again.Thranduil’s sparkling emerald eyes flutter shut as he continued to caress the strawberry in a most insinuating manner, not listening to his father’s words.Oh by the Valar – You have no shame left! Glorfindel’s jaw gasped open upon the sinful display Thranduil gave in front of his father’s eyes.Thranduil licked away the white substance which found a comfortable rest at the corners of his mouth  lasciviously with half-closed eyes, moaning ever so slightly. His silver head was thrown back in a gesture of bliss, giving Glorfindel who was seated opposite of him a perfect view to his long, alabaster neck.It was more than obvious to all elves what Thranduil pretended to do with his sinful mouth to those innocent fruit.Fair god’s - take me back to Mandos, now! This is insinuating, this is utterly disgusting! By the Valar, who did create such a wicked creature?  Glorfindel was disgusted by the disrespectful show, yet he could not take his eyes of Thranduil, watching every movement of those slender fingers, of the perfectly shaped tongue, the slightly parted, rosy lips. He drowned the entire goblet of Dorwinion to ease his troubled mind. He wanted to look away but his eyes refused to follow his mind.“Thranduil…!” Oropher warned his heir once again but the young Elvenprince simply ignored his father’s words and continued his seductive play with strawberries and whipped cream.Erestor was fascinated and intrigued by the young Elvenprince - it was the most erotic display he had seen in long centuries and the fact that Thranduil gave a shit that his father, after all King of the Greenwood, was in the audience for his wicked show at the royal table only increased his curiosity.By the Valar, I do wonder from whom he had inherited his wickedness! The idea that it might come from his beautiful father let him grow painfully hard beneath the hiding fabric of his robe.Oropher saw in Thranduil’s behavior the perfect excuse to leave the kingly dinner table, he was indeed bored and tired – additionally he did not want to stay a second longer around those bloody Noldor than necessary.“I have seen and heard more than enough tonight - of all of you. If you would excuse me, I have important matters to attend” Oropher bit his tongue concerning Thranduil’s behavior - more important matters than your fruitless tries of seduction, Thranduil – “and I have to prepare certain things for tomorrow’s meeting”Kink Oropher rose from the massive ornamented wooden chair in a fluid movement, in no mood to stay a second longer than necessary.“Councilor Erestor, Lord Glorfindel – Good night” the King did not try to hide his disgust this time as he spoke his words with an ice-cold tone - it nagged on his kingly pride to address the noldorian guests with their respective ranks.Erestor was once again prisoner of his reverie, bewitched by Thranduil’s sinful display and King Oropher’s frosty attidue, fallen under the spell of the silver-haired royal family.
I wonder, if the fire of passion still burns beneath your icy gaze? If your spirit could be set ablaze again? I wonder, who you really are, King Oropher of Greenwood the Great, who you are beneath your stately attire!
Now, the raven-haired elf was entirely lost in sinful reverie, licking his lips in anticipation, visible for all around him. In his dream, he lowered his head still further as he knelt on cold stones, his shoulders bent in utter submission. Erestor did not dare to rise until he was told to do so, but instead of words he only received King Oropher’s hand, which he kissed lightly with his quivering lips, lingering only seconds over the alabaster skin. Rise!“Erestor! ERESTOR!” it was Glorfindel’s annoying voice which pulled him out of his beautiful dreams “By the Valar you can’t sit around here and sleep with eyes open! Are you drunk?”“Drunken he is – but not from the wine” Instead of Erestor, Thranduil answered, refilling their empty wine goblets. The young Elvenprince had to admit that both elves could drink more of the potent Dorwinion than he had expected, and he knew Oropher will be furious if he finds out of the missing amount.Finally Erestor managed to speak “Forgive me, my mind was momentarily absent”“Never mind, it happens to me all the time!” an understanding smile hushed over Thranduil’s lips – somehow the young elf liked Erestor, he was so very different than he had imagined Lindon’s advisor to be, so very different from his father’s boring and stern councilors which he detested to the core.“Prince Thranduil?” Erestor’s voice was questioning“Paa, get rid of such formalities, the king is gone, nobody in need of such soft-soaping is left” Thranduil shook his head violently and continued with a smile “Just Thranduil, please my friend! I am not fond of titles or circlets” As soon as his father was out of sight the precious mithril circlet was sent flying out and Oropher’s servants were invited to join them with a waving gesture, something his father would never tolerate on his royal table “But I am more than fond of this” he got hold once again of the heavy carafe and poured himself a goblet of the potent Dorwinion “would you like some?”“Yes, Thranduil. Hannon le” Erestor felt the first hints of tingling in his fingers, but the sweet wine was simply too good to resist.“And what’s up with you?” His eyes rested on the still fuming Glorfindel “would ya like some more or will you be sulking until the end of days?” No answer came.“Very well.” He turned away from the golden-haired elf towards the advisor next to him, almost touching his side “Dear Erestor, what would you like to know from me?”With every sip of the heavy red wine, Erestor became bolder “Excuse me, Thranduil. It is just about your comment this afternoon about the Lady Galadriel”Thranduil waved his hand and cut off the raven-haired advisor before he could ask his question “Now, now, I did not mean an affront or to give away precious secrets – in fact - that’s a more than open secret … Well it’s not a secret at all. The word’s I’ve spoken are true, yes - but that’s not all of it. As you possibly know, the Galadhrim are elite soldiers so there are only a handful of them in Lorien at the moment. The very reason why Lord Celeborn pays Greenwood the Great his visit on a regular basis” Thranduil leaned in closer, whispering seductively into Erestor’s ear “you understand, do you not? I’ve watched you this afternoon … you desire him, long for him, do you not?” he licked playfully around Erestor’s ear before he continued “Tell me about your deep dark fantasies, dear Councilor” Erestor blushed fiercely, annoyed that he was like an open book to read for this young elf. He could only bubble some incoherent words as reply.Before Erestor knew what was happening, the wicked Prince was in his lap, facing him and gently caressing his raven locks.“But he is not the only one you desire, Erestor” Thranduil’s lips ghosted over Erestor’s pointy ears as he whispered, making sure Erestor had a good view on his pierced nipples “Do not take me for a fool, Erestor, I have seen you how you have watched my father only minutes ago” his hands traveled down Erestor’s spine, sending shivers through the councilor’s body “how you undressed him slowly with your eyes … letting your fingers wander over his perfect skin” a skillful hand opened the buttons of his tunic, revealing his alabaster skin - Erestor wondered briefly why he did not object, sitting beneath a merely adult Princeling, frozen to his seat as a marble statue.“I wonder WHAT exactly you did fantasize about my father, dear Erestor”Thranduil shifted his position slightly, his lips were only inches away from Erestor’s now“Did you wonder if he wears the same sort of jewelry as I do? And yes he does – but there is more than meets the eye”Erestor blushed even more if that was possible, feeling Thranduil’s hands entangled in the silken strands as the young prince continued to whisper “Would you tell me about your dreams…?” his eyes fluttered shut as he continued to speak coyly, seductively nonetheless “Saes…I beg you”A moan escaped Erestor as their lips met for the first time for mere seconds.“Enough” Glorfindel ponded his fist onto the table, enraged by the display he had to witness, an anger fueled by the potent wine which made his head already dizzy. Thranduil almost fell out of Erestor’s lap in shock, directly backwards onto the dinner table.Valar! You can’t scare poor Thranduil almost to death … you… you… but instead of bringing on an insult, Thranduil only turned his head, never stopping to play with Erestor’s hair as he questioned the golden haired elf with wide eyes“Are we jealous, my dear Glorfindel?”
Jelous? JELOUS? Jelous of whom? Of you? Or of Erestor? Oh don’t even try to think about that, you smug little bastard! 
But deep inside, Glorfindel knew that Thranduil’s words had been true - even though he would never admit it openly: Yes, he was jealous, jealous beyond measure to be precise - usually the golden-haired elf was the center of all attention, his appearance, his history, the ancient tales of Gondolin and the Balrog attracted males and maidens alike, the gossip of “I have bedded the famous Balrog slayer” were numerous back in Lindon, but Glorfindel never confirmed nor denied any rumors, which only fueled the chatty gossip. Glorfindel drank downed another goblet of Dorwinion.“Nooooo I am not! Jealous? Of whom?” Glorfindels voice already carried an immense note of drunkenness and the denial did not convince Thranduil at all – he sensed that Glorfindel was beyond jealous, that the blonde elf was exactly at the point where Thranduil wanted to have him from the beginning. “But your show is hardly appropriate for tonight’s dinner”“Is it not? Tell me, dear Glorfindel, what show would be appropriate for tonight?” Thranduil jumped out of Erestor’s lap, leaving a startled Councilor behind as he walked around the dinner table, coming to a halt behind Glorfindel’s chair. The Elvenprince bent forward as he began to whisper seductively into the warrior’s pointy ear, his long silver strands ghosted over Glorfindel’s neck and shoulder “What would you like to see?” he gently massaged the broad shoulders as he continued “What do you like to feel?”
By the Valar! Your scent is divine - you undo me, my lord! I am at your command, do not show me mercy if you ravish me, right here and now on my father’s royal table
Thranduil was ever grateful that he stood behind Glorfindel’s chair and was dearly surprised that his hands were not slapped away in an instant, he only received a half-heartedly babbled “taage yaa .. hands off”Sweet Elbereth, you are drunken as hell my love! The young elf grinned wickedly, now it was time for the real entertainment of tonight!“I do not believe you when you say you find my show offensive” his hands slid from Glorfindel’s shoulders to the neck and further down into the opening of Glorfindel’s tunic, leaving sweet trails of ghost-like touches behind“I do not think you are as prudent as you pretend to be in my father’s halls” Thranduils whisper was barely auditable“.. Ya know .. Lindon gossip DOES reach our realm – quite frequently to be honestly. I know who you truly are” It was a blatant lie, he had heard nothing from the realm at the shores in a century - but Thranduil could not care less. He smiled contently as Glorfindel’s body language betrayed the blonde elf undoubtedly, and Thranduil had the information he wanted to have.“whhh..oo Im druli aaaa? Don’t beeel..liieve yaaa“ (Who I am truly are? I don’t believe you) Glorfindel’s drunken-babbled words were hardly understandable, but to be honest, Thranduil was not after words at all.It was a brazen movement of the silver-haired Elvenprince as he made himself comfortable in Glorfindel’s lap, flirting shamelessly with the drunken elf-lord in front of his father’s servants and Erestor“Oooooff… get oooofff..naughty elf you” but Thranduil did not pay attention to Glorfindel’s slurred speech – instead he let his hands wander down Glorfindel’s muscular chest, coming to comfortable rest over the bulge beneath the midnight blue tunic.“I see, I am not the only one who is lustful tonight, my golden beauty” Glorfindel could only moan upon the sudden contact with his sensitive flesh, bringing his head to a comfortable rest on Thranduil’s shoulder “Aaaahh … Ou..” His body betrayed him and his drunken mind failed him as he slipped into the sweet reverie of drunkenness.As if my imagination wasn’t running riot already Thranduil’s thoughts were beyond wicked in this very moment - what he held in his hand was ‘broad’ indeed. Thranduil snickered once more, remembering his question from earlier that day.“Eeeeee! EEEEEE! Don’t ya! Eeee! Don’t ya dare to fall asleep you thankless elf, you” Thranduil pretended to be utterly upset with the drowsy elf-lord and jumped out of Glorfindel’s lap onto his feet again, grabbing Glorfindel’s hand.His words into the pointy ears of the blonde were only whispers “If you want to sleep, I know better places my dear” he pulled Glorfindel to his feet with all strength he had left, adding to himself silently By the Valar, you are fat!And bid his goodbye hastily in a squaking tone “Excuuuuuse me, but our honored guest is tired and drunk, I bring him better to his chambers before something inappropriate might happen” and off they were, Thranduil dragged the startled Glorfindel out of Oropher’s dining hall, down the endless corridors of Amon Lac into the guest chambers assigned to the blond elf.The young Elvenprince assisted the heavily staggered blonde Vanyar to enter his guest chambers, inhaling the intoxicating scent of Glorfindel’s hair, caressing his strong back of his golden warrior.As both elves reached the bed – the very bed in which Thranduil had layn only hours ago – Glorfindel stared at the silver-haired prince with wide eyes, unsure what to expect from the naughty creature, unsure what he himself wanted
A foolish, utterly arrogant thought of a foolish, arrogant elf – to think I would be the only elf on Arda not to fall under the enchantment of Prince Thranduil! 
Glorfindel closed his eyes but instead of finding comfort he only lost his balance – his head was spinning from drunkenness and he fell directly into Thranduil’s strong arms“Ouuuu.. fo… fooo.. rgive me” but Glorfindel did not try to move away from the silver-haired elf, not this time “Tiiis iiis hat ya wonte. Eed af .. AAfter aahl” (This is what you have wanted after all)“Maybe!” Glorfindel was right - Thranduil had a hard time to suppress the urge to fall together with his golden dream in his arms right onto the bed.“You are drunk!” In an almost mocking voice the young prince explained to the babbling elf-lord and shook his head in reassurance “Completely drunk! I might be smutty, wicked, naughty – call it as you like it – but I rarely lay my hands on elves unfit to plead. And..” his next words were mere luscious whispers into Glorfindel’s ear “I’d rather prefer to fuck you when you’re sober my golden beauty, you shall scream my name - not babble it in drunkenness”Their lips only touched for only seconds before Thranduil was gone, leaving an entirely startled Glorfindel behind.   



Night
Chapter Summary
..drunken  elves can't sleep =)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"Dr ..uuunk? Iaaam not dddruuunk! Fu…ck yaaa” Glorfindel yelled agitated after the silver-haired Elvenprince who had left him startled behind.– after a time– after a distinct time - until his dazed mind had processed what just had happened.“Fuck ya’self” was the rude answer the blonde elf-lord received – uttered by Thranduil who has already made his way down the endless corridor leading to the guest quarters.
Valar!
Glorfindel hated Oropher’s naughty son! With all of his heart and soul! Despised his wicked behavior! His smutty grin! Just everything the silver-haired elf was - yet Glorfindel’s millennia old body betrayed him.He was aroused.By a mere kiss.From THAT elf.Given to him by Oropher’s petulant brat!“DA…Daa… MN! IT!” he babbled into the dark room, searching with his arms heavily for support - he almost lost his balance again in his drunkenness.“daaam.. it .. err.. I AM ddrrruuunk .. the wine was drruuuged.. you.. you… you?” Glorfindel questioned himself silently - what was actually going on in Thranduil’s wicked head and why should the silver-haired prince have put woodland roofies into the wine, just to leave him alone?Kiss him and leave? Glorfindel shook his weary head which was – after all he had downed this evening – not such a brilliant idea, the entire room was spinning and the golden-haired elf reached the bathroom just in time before his stomach developed a life of its own.“Fuck off! The good wine.. the good drinks! O Valar, this is a shame!” angrily muttered sounds could be heard from the private bathing chamber within his guest quarters.Glorfindel could not believe what was happening, no matter how hard he tried to push the image of the silver-haired Elvenprince out of his still drunken mind, he failed. Miserably. All he could see before his inner eye was the young elf with his sparkling green-eyes full of mischief.
DAMN IT! Daam .. you.. you… you! 
But before he could utter his accusations against Thranduil the golden-haired elf was taken aback by the sight before him – Greenwood the Great in all its splendid and enchanting beauty lay right before him.He glanced out the open window and let his drowsy eyes travel over the rustling leaf-canopy, over the paling sky, which was a haze of silver and gold – like the sacred light of Laurelin and Telperion - dancing together across the horizon in a beautiful duet. The alluring sound of nightingales could be heard in the distance, entwined with the far-away splashing of waterfalls and running streams but all Glorfindel heard within his head was the joyful laughter of Thranduil as he ran under Ithil’s silver light through his father’s enchanted forest. Nude - wearing nothing more than his sparkling silver tresses.“By Varda’s tits!”  Glorfindel’s eyes grew wide, realizing what he just had seen “Fuck it! Lift your wicked spell! Thranduil, you naughty brat what did you put into tonight’s drink?”But it was too late, the blonde elf-lord could not erase the beautiful image of Oropher’s nude son from his mind, no matter how hard he tried (and he had tried many times!) Thranduil’s wicked smile would not leave his thoughts, nor would do the well-formed body of the young elf.“Thranduil! Lift your spell! I curse you into Mandos Halls!” After all, he was Noldo – at least partly – so why not come up with a new curse?” Glorfindel thought, but he did not dare to speak his mind aloud, remembering his time in the Halls of Awaiting (although he thought his stay in Mando’s realm unexpectedly pleasant - with his fellow buddies from Gondolin and massive amount of sweet wine to forget their sorrows) “Things in Arda are getting boring without the Feanorians around anyways.. Hear me, Thranduil! I .. curse … you!” The joyful laughter in the forest was briefly interrupted by Thranduil’s squeaking voice, clearly addressing the golden-haired elf who stood frozen as a marble statue in front of the open window of his chambers “Come on.. catch me .. if you can, my golden dream”
I HATE YOU! Stop playing wicked tricks on my expenses!
The only answer Glorfindel received was a breeze of pleasantly cool air pooling around his naked chest. A shiver ran down his spine.“I hate you, Thranduil!” Glorfindel frowned, but could not avert his sleepy eyes from the beautiful twilight, from those alluring silvery rays which were dancing silently over the enchanted forest. Thranduil’s eyes sparkled in the deepest of green in the dim-light of the forest, searching desperately for his beloved golden elf “Now! Don’t be shy, don’t be boring.. catch me, Fin!”“Fin?” Glorfindel briefly wondered how on earth Thranduil would know his nick-name but he blamed poor Erestor, surely the raven-haired advisor had told Oropher’s naughty offspring various secrets.I do not like you, Thranduil! The silver-haired elf had disappeared from Glorfindel’s vision into the vast forest not to be seen again in this night. Valar! rubbed his forehead in disbelief – although the vision was gone, the beautiful smile of Thranduil and his sparkling emerald eyes would not want leave Glorfindel’s confused mind.“I .. do .. not .. know.. you!” he mumbled in silent defeat. His statement was nothing but the truth – Glorfindel did not know a single fact about Thranduil, he had always only seen what he had wanted to see, what he had wanted to believe about the silver-haired Elvenprince.
A foolish, utterly arrogant thought of a foolish, arrogant elf. Of an utterly foolish – arrogant - and drunken elf!
With a heavy sigh the golden-haired elf sank into the soft mattress of his bed, snuggling against the fluffy pillows in an attempt to find some rest before he has to venture out into Greenwood the Great. Together with Thranduil, his greatest nemesis. He closed his eyes briefly, only to find his head spinning violently - everything around him was turning in utter darkness.“Oh nay” with another heavy sigh Glorfindel rose from the comfortable feathers again, cursing continuously “Fuck! Fuck the wine! Shitty, condemned forest, …” until he finally found the long extinguished candles on the table - but not before the drowsy elf almost tumbled over the chair and his own clothes which were lying carelessly on the floor.As he sneaked back into the sheets he felt relieved but his gaze never left the burning candles to avoid the unpleasant spinning of the room. Glorfindel could not remember the last time when he was THAT drunk – probably it was together with Ecthelion at Tarnin Austa back then in Gondolin, no – not probably, most certainly it was on this very occasion. “Thel .. I miss you… still… even after all those long centuries” with those murmured words full of melancholy he sank into a brief and restless sleep.The golden-haired elf tossed and turned in his alcohol-troubled sleep, waking up every now and then only to lay down his weary and aching head again, searching desperately for peaceful slumber – but no matter how hard he tried, he was denied to enter Lorien’s realm of pleasant dreams. There was no doubt left – Glorfindel had a more than nasty hang-over from the potent wine Thranduil had chosen for their dinner, the wine he had enjoyed greatly.
Errrr.. my head ..ohhh my head
Glorfindel felt like the most miserable elf on Arda, touching his aching forehead carefully.OUCH! I won’t drink again, never again in my entire life! I swear! Never ever again! Of course this was a blatant crapulous lie, the occasions on which he had sworn never to touch a drink again were countless. Thranduil.. you ..you ! he shook his head but regretted the movement only seconds after, the entire room was spinning againNo, I can’t blame you for this -  Oh Glorfindel, you fool! You’ve learnt nothing in all the millennia – not from your first life, not from the second.Glorfindel felt truly miserable with his rebelling stomach and furious head-ache, wallowing in self-pity upon his misery “And here, poor fool, I stand once more, No wiser than I was before.”Erestor would have most definitely said “You? Wise? Paah - Fin, that ship had sailed long ago!” and although the raven-haired advisor was nowhere to be seen, Glorfindel could clearly hear the mocking words in his head.‘Shut up Erestor!’Glorfindel spoke his thoughts aloud, but little Erestor in his swirling mind did not dare to shut up.“Shut up yourself you whiny bitch!” was the immediate response to his insult.
For fuck’s sake! Oh Valar! This palace, this room is driving me insane – this chamber where bricks have ears and mocking voices! 
Glorfindel felt as if he was held captive in Angband, caught in Morgoth’s darkest pits deeply under the ground, chained to the heavy stone walls – he could not think, couldn’t breathe in his stony cage.He covered his glorious nudity with the first robe he could find in his mess, not caring that he grabbed his nearly transparent sleeping gown – after all it was not even dawn, who should see him wander the dimly lit corridors? The golden-haired elf lord tumbled out of his room into the hallway without looking back or locking his door, not caring to extinguish the burning candles - all he had in mind was to escape his ‘prison’, to flee into the tranquility and vastness of Greenwood the Great which was beaming under Ithil’s soft light.Nearly silent footsteps swept down the narrow path which led deep into the dark forest – the forest he had despised with all his heart - following the distinct sound of splashing water. Glorfindel did not know which magical force had guided him through the endless corridors of King Oropher’s citadel in his still drowsy state, out into the depth of the secluded forest under a starlit sky. Despite the early hour the air was pleasantly warm - he did not care about the direction he was heading, sweeping silently over the mossy ground on bare feet as if he walked on soft clouds, only listening to the chant of song birds high up in the dense leaf-canopy.Glorfindel breathed deeply, inhaling the fresh air of the night filled with numerous scents of the woods and night-blossoming flowers before he allowed his sparkling azure eyes to open once again, enjoying the nightly elegance of nature. After all, Erestor had been right from the beginning, Glorfindel admitted - Greenwood the Great, the ancient forest of elves, was indeed of incomparable beauty. Although he would never speak his thoughts aloud, he felt, at least, a little regret for being so harsh and unfriendly the previous days.



Chapter End Notes
I am sooo sorry that it took me so long to do an update .. and i was hoping that i could finish this fic before I have to travel.. but sometimes everything becomes messy :( I apologize for the little update and hope that you liked it nonetheless :)----Tarnin Austa = Gates of Summer ; summer festival held once a year in Gondolin"And here, poor fool, I stand once more, No wiser than I was before.” was snatched from Goethe - Faust


Moonlit Waterfall
Chapter Summary
Glorfindel finds Thranduil bathing at the moonlit waterfall ... something what he had not expected
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Moonlit Waterfall – Greenwood the Great

After his walk through the nightly Greenwood, the wandering which seemed like an eternity, Glorfindel’s drowsy mind had somewhat sobered, exploring the alien scents and the peaceful tranquility of the ancient forest. The blonde elf could not tell how long he had walked, how far away he was from Oropher’s citadel, loosing himself entirely within the Greenwood, something he had not thought possible only hours ago. But now? Glorfindel would have lied by saying he did not enjoy the solitude the woods offered him, yet he had no idea what exactly had changed his attitude. Almost absentmindedly, his feet followed the narrow path which led him deep and deeper into the forest, ever towards the sound of splashing water. His sharp senses as warrior told him that this very path was seldom used, almost hidden under thick shrubberies and greenish ferns.

Why did I shout my eyes, my mind to the beauty lying before me? How could I have not realized it when it was so freely offered? How could I have been so blind – twice?

Glorfindel’s musing was interrupted as the dim twilight gave way to the sparkling of silver starlight, the narrow path emptied into a secluded clearing, with a splashing waterfall and little lake at its end; probably it was the waterfall he had heard within his rooms through the open window but he was not certain. Nonetheless, the scenery was of incomparable beauty.
For several moments, Glorfindel just stared, blinking in amazement into the twilight of the moonlit night – the entire scenery displayed before him was simply astonishing, he had never expected to be greeted by such beauty in the early hours of the day, to find it in the place which he had hated most on Arda. But it was not only the beauty of nature which caught the golden-haired elf’s interest, there was something – somebody – else out there, and although Glorfindel could not see the face of the other, he was most certain that it must be Oropher’s son who sought his solitude in the darkness of the forest, who could not find any sleep in this restless night.
Thranduil’s perfect body was shining in the silvery light of the moon, highlighting his alabaster skin, caressing the porcelain lines of his distinct collar-bones as he lay on the edges of the misty pond in all his glorious nudity with closed eyes. His long, silver hair was splayed over the rocky shores, glowing against the dark green of the mossy forest ground around the little lake.
Glorfindel could not avert his eyes – but to be honest, he had not even tried to look away - the blonde elf lord had fallen under the spell of the magical creature, spell-bound by the alluring vision of the young Elvenprince at the splashing waterfall.
Had Glorfindel thought of Thranduil as his greatest nemesis, his worst nightmare only hours ago – now he saw the Elvenprince literally in a different light. He did not know what had changed within his mind, how it had come that he did not flee instantly at the presence of Thranduil - but the elf he was watching secretly was so different from the wicked and naughty creature he had experienced the last days, from the youngster who simply got on his nerves. But this elf he observed now was shy, almost vulnerably innocent – and extremely beautiful. Somehow, Glorfindel thought, he witnessed the true nature of the Elvenprince in this very moment, that he looked upon the real Thranduil – an elf who had stripped of his mask of wickedness as he had left Oropher’s citadel. And – to his own surprise – Glorfindel liked what he saw, indeed he was allured by the sight of the young elf.
He was not entirely certain if Thranduil did not notice him, as he stood in the shade behind a large trunk – or if the other elf simply ignored his presence, but he decided privately it mattered not.
In a fluid movement, Thranduil got to his feet, standing on the stony shores and walked into the glittering water. Within seconds, the silver-haired elf stood in the pool to the waist, touching the surface with his hands, spattering the water around him joyfully, his long mane dipping into the liquid.
Secretly, Glorfindel wished to join, to enter the greenish pond but ever since his journey over the Grinding Ice he despised the cold like a plague, afraid that his dreadful memories would return – for brief seconds his mind drifted afar, back to the horrors he had witnessed but he chased the unpleasant thoughts away, focusing on the beauty swimming in the water.
Valar! The golden-haired elf was taken aback, thinking he was caught in a state between sleep and awake, lost in the drowsiness of his mind, but he did not witness another vision, another dream, everything was real and he briefly wondered why he had chosen to come to this very place in the middle of the night. But – after all – he had not chosen his path freely, something has drawn him out there, to the spot he was standing now – watching, lurking in the twilight. In the meanwhile, Thranduil found a comfortable rest on a stone in the middle of the pond, his glistering body was partly above the surface, unveiled for prying eyes as he began to sing in a sad tone of ancient times – times the young Elvenprince could not have witnessed personally.
 
“Then the gloom gathered: darkness growing
in Valinor, the red blood flowing
beside the sea, where the Noldor slew
the Foamriders, and stealing drew
their white ships with their white sails
from lamplit havens. The wind wails.
The wolf howls. The ravens flee.
Then the gloom gathered: darkness growing
in Valinor, the red blood flowing”
 
Glorfindel was deeply moved by sad song which told parts of his own bitter tale, the origin of conflict which explained Oropher’s deep hatred for the Noldor, the sad story which found its bloody repeat centuries later in Doriath, the place Oropher had dwelt in peace and splendor – before a horde of treasure hunters had invaded Dior’s realm. “No” Glorfindel shook his head, still listening to Thranduil’s beautiful voice - theirinsatiable greed and madness-driven oath had cost so many innocent lives and how on earth could he condemn King Oropher for his distrust, his hatred for everything Noldorian? After all Glorfindel himself had suffered greatly under their mania after the incidence of the burning ships at Losgar. In this very moment the veil from his mind was lifted entirely, the golden-haired elf realized that he himself had done wrong, had misjudged the young Elvenprince and his father without much thinking, taking his existence superior to others, and for the first time he felt truly sorry that he had done so.
“Forgive me, I did not meant to be rude, I do not know why I behaved as I did, I don’t know at all, that’s not my nature, not at all, Oh well … I think I screwed up. A lot. Again.” He mumbled to himself, so caught in his thoughts that he did not notice that Thranduil exited the pool, dressing in his transparent robe and walking over to the very point Glorfindel was standing.
“Ehhh! What do you linger in the dark, hiding behind an innocent tree?” came the curious question from the silver-haired elf “I thought you do not like me? Yet you stand there and stare at me as if you have never seen a naked elf before!”
Glorfindel blushed to the roots of his hairs, embarrassed that he had been caught, after all Thranduil’s assumption was completely right. He stood there, with prying eyes – staring!
“I couldn’t sleep” was the only answer the golden-haired elf could manage to speak
“And when you can’t sleep you go out into the woods, watching nude elves? Naugthy elf” the young prince shook his head in amusement “naughty wicked elf you are. I had not thought so” Of course that was not the exact truth, Thranduil had never trusted the pretended shy nature of Glorfindel, it was simply somehow out of place.
Glorfindel frowned, he could not escape the watchful emerald eyes “All right, then. I was drunk, I slept hardly at all, I have a hang-over and somehow I felt trapped within my room. I have watched the dance of the stars for a while from the open window, listened to the sounds of Greenwood, the sound of splashing water – and then I left Amon Lac. Believe me, I cannot explain why I came to this very spot, I just wandered without a destination and ended up here and I never thought somebody else would be out there in the middle of the night”
“I am often” Thranduil stated, deciding to let finally go of his wicked ideas “I love best the stars, the silver rays of the moon, the tranquility of nature and to be honest with you, I could not sleep at all after what just had happened. That’s why I am here this very night” – what a fortunate coincidence he added silently
“Why did you kiss me” Glorfindel was surprised why he brought up this topic by himself and he was not entirely certain if he would like to know the honest answer.
“Because I wanted to do so”
“And why did you leave?”
“Because I wanted to do so as well” a smirk crossed Thranduil’s handsome face
The golden-haired elf frowned, not understanding what Oropher’s son tried to tell him “Thranduil, I do not understand you, please stop speaking in riddles, my mind is still drowsy from the Dorwinion. I mean, you woo me since my arrival, you play your wicked tricks upon my expenses, you kiss me and then you leave, yelling rude answers down the hallway”
“You’ve started with the rudeness!” he wanted to say, but instead he answered truthfully “You are right. I tried to woo you ever since, long before your arrival some days ago. I do not play wicked pranks upon your expanses I only try to catch your attention, dear Glorfindel. You are also right when you assume that I wanted to kiss you all the time – to be honest – I have dreamt of different things, not only to kiss you, but you have been drunk! Extremely drunk! And as I have said before: I do not enjoy a fleeting night with a jagged elf!”
Thranduil’s mind drifted off, remembering all the wicked ideas he had. Even though Glorfindel wore a robe, the silver haired elvenprince could imagine Glorfindel nude, see the well-trained body under the nearly transparent garment, see his flexible body moving sensually on top of him.
More to himself he whispered dreamingly with sparkling emerald eyes “I wish you were mine tonight” - but the words did not go unnoticed by Glorfindel.
It seems as if the blonde Vanyar stood at the crossroads: Had he not despised this wicked elf only hours ago? Hated him ever since although he did not know him? But: Thranduil was indeed beautiful, exactly the type of elf Glorfindel yearned for, intelligent and wise for his young age – and there was something beyond the wickedness Thranduil showed on most occasions, something alluring, something almost insecure. And what exactly had Glorfindel to lose? He was not stuck in a relationship nor would anybody hear of this night if he did not wanted to share the secret. Slowly, he stripped off his prejudices towards Oropher’s son, his pride and honour. Would the arrogant princeling willingly yield to him or would they have to fight over control and dominance? Who would win, could he surrender to another? His mind travelled in a very distinct direction and before Glorfindel had finally decided what to do, he had spoken “I am for tonight if you desire”
Did I say THAT? DID I REALLY SAY THAT?! The golden-haired elf could not believe it, knowing that he had crossed the point of no return, at least that’s what he thought but Thranduil taught him better. “Do you mean it? I would not be offended if you just make your way back to my father’s palace, nothing has happened and nothing will happen unless you want it to. Are you certain?”
“Yes” came the quick reply as their eyes locked for brief seconds.
Thranduil’s hearts missed several beats, would his dream finally come true? The dream he had harbored and cherished over all the long years, whispering more to himself than to the blonde elf-lord “Here we seldom find such sweet amid our labours long and hard from godlike idleness debarred” adding with a joyful voice “I am the most lucky elf on Arda” Thranduil was tempted to jump in Glorfindel’s arms right here and now but restrained.
They were way to close to his father’s halls to do so and the waterfall was a popular spot for lovers. “Glorfindel, I am tempted to ravish you right here but we have to leave this spot, it is too close to King Oropher’s palace, it is not any good if we would be seen here” Thranduil leaned towards his dream as he spoke, inhaling the wonderful aroma of fresh sea air and flowers.
Glorfindel had to suppress his chuckles, as he asked rhetorical “What would your father think? After all, he despises me beyond measure” he could vividly imagine a more than furious Oropher
“What would yours?” Thranduil cut him short, the young prince was most certainly not in the mood to discuss his father. He had other ideas in mind, entirely different things – now that he had Glorfindel were he wanted him to be all the time, he felt somehow a little insecure "Come with me..." Thranduil whispered softly into Glorfindel’s pointy ear, taking the warrior’s strong hand gently into his own for the very first time, leading him away from the waterfall deep into the wildness of the forest.
"Do you trust me?" Thranduil asked, looking deep into the azure eyes of his dream.
 "Yes" the blond Vanyar was once again more than surprised by his own answer, an answer he had spoken without any hesitation.
"Do not speak, do not think. Relax, let go Glorfindel. Let me guide you through the early day, through the wilderness of the woods - leave your thoughts behind, feel the rhythm of the wind, dancing through the leaves, follow your dreams, follow your instinct. Close your eyes, inhale the seducing scent of the forest, open your heart" Thranduil hesitated a brief moment “..once again?”
“How do you know?” Glorfindel could not hide his surprise as he spoke with wide eyes.
Thranduil’s words were barely auditable as he was afraid of what he had brought up, afraid that he would chaise away the other, to loose him “I can read it in your eyes, Fin. I can see it in your soul, but the shadows have grown less since your last visit. Now, I can also see the pain which is still lingering in your heart.”
Glorfindel could not believe what Thranduil was telling him, how could he have seen his shadowed heart? Thranduil was but an elfling back than – but he spoke nothing but the truth, the pain of loss had indeed decreased over the years.
Thranduil stated, never leaving Glorfindel’s sapphire eyes “Be assured: I would never dare to erase your memories, to question that a part of your soul will always belong to him. I cannot say I do understand you - as I was never in love before, but I assure you that I’ll try my best.”
Oh Thranduil forgive me, I am truly sorry – and he was. Glorfindel felt deeply ashamed – he has misjudged Oropher’s son so badly in the last days – no, during the last century. He had only seen the petulant child who had painted his horse in rainbow colors but he never saw the beauty the young elf was, never tried to see beyond the mask of wickedness Thranduil was wearing.
“Fin? Hellooooo” Thranduil poked the absentminded golden-haired elf gently into the side, looking deep into Glorfindel’s azure eyes as he continued to speak in a low tone “Forgive me if I have brought up old memories and sadness. I did not mean to hurt you, but somehow it seemed important to me that you know this.”
Glorfindel was profoundly touched by Thranduil’s kind words.
“No, Thranduil” Glorfindel shook his golden head, before he averted his eyes in shame “It is me who owes you an apology – no – not a single apology, at least hundred apologies. I misjudged you so badly, I only saw what I wanted to see – an annoying young elf. Beautiful, yes. But annoying. A petulant brat.” A heavy sigh left his lips “I do not know what had brought me to this assumption, I do not know when I have become such a racist towards other ‘races’, why I never tried to see the real Thranduil. I am sorry and all I can ask for is for your forgiveness.”
“Now, now, don’t make me blush - I am not used to such sentimentality. Not at all! And I especially did not expect it from you” the young Elvenprince pondered briefly his options but decided for make-or-break and placed a shy kiss on the rosy lips of Glorfindel before he spoke again “You are forgiven, with all my heart – and now come”



Chapter End Notes
Thranduil's song and a phrase are snatched from the "Lay of Leithian" by J. R. R. Tolkien


Of love and desire - I
Chapter Summary
Glorfindel finally surrenders to Prince Thranduil's sexual advances - Smutty chapter
Chapter Notes
I decided to split the last, smutty part in two chapters - it just would have become too long :)



 
~Chapter 12 - Of Love and Desire I~
 Glorfindel could not believe what was happening to him as he felt the soft lips of Thranduil against his own under a moonlit sky, in the middle of Greenwood the Great, the place which he thought he hated most on Arda, with the elf he had despised with all his heart and love.He was not certain what he had expected when he had ventured out into the forest in the middle of the night with a drunk-fogged mind, but it was most certainly not what was happening in this very moment. The feeling the blond elf lord had as their lips brushed against each other was overwhelming, shivers ran down his spine, it was almost a magical sensation, something unusual which he had never felt before – it seemed as both were connected through an invisible bond, feeling as one being, as one with the enchanted forest which surrounded them, watching their every move.Certainly, Glorfindel had had various lovers in the past but this felt different and the knowledge of the wicked nature of this very elf only added to his excitement – what would the young prince be like in his arms? How would he taste and feel like? He could imagine every single movement of the other elf vividly, if he wanted to see it or not - Thranduil’s writhing under his own body weight, the hopeless fight against his strength, their bodies entangled until the sun would rise again - Glorfindel mused as he deepened their kiss until the young elf prince moaned against him in his insatiable desire and need. Soft, slender fingers were playing with his own until their hands were entwined, caressing each other as kissed for what seemed an eternity.“Fin! You are dreaming again with open eyes. Come on!” Thranduil muttered almost breathless as he finally broke their kiss, observing the unfocused and lust-darkened eyes of his golden dream. Glorfindel was beautiful, ever more beautiful than he had remembered him to be now after he had finally tasted him, after the sweet taste lingered on his lips as a constant reminder of pure seduction.
Oh I would ravish you here if my father’s palace would not be so close, I cannot wait, my dear.
This time Thranduil did not await a reply, he simply grabbed Glorfindel’s hand and dragged the golden-haired elf after him, surprised that he did not found any resistance from the blond. He wouldn’t have had a chance to move the beautiful warrior against his will, Thranduil was well aware of this fact, his soon-to-be lover was superior to his own physical strength by far, something the young elf found utterly alluring, recalling his recent fantasies of being dominated. But Glorfindel allowed him to take the lead – at least for the moment, taking him deep into the magical forest, far away from his father’s palace where nobody would ever find them, surrounded by nothing more than nature and blossoming flowers, hidden from prying eyes and ears.Glorfindel could not deny that the mere thought of being seduced by Oropher’s own son in the wilderness of Greenwood utterly alluring, especially after he had tasted the rosy lips for the first time. Valar.The magical spell which the young Elvenprince had weaved around him was strong, pushing him right into Thranduil’s arms as he halted briefly to gasp for air. It did not take long until his lips were caught once again, this time rather roughly and demanding - frantic kisses in fierce passion under the stars. Maybe he had already suspected so but in this very moment, Glorfindel knew that he was entirely lost to his young lover for this night, he melted in the embrace which he was caught in, melted under Thranduil’s skillful lips which danced over his own. Finally he understood why every elf in Greenwood was falling for Oropher’s wicked son, lusting after the Prince shamelessly and it seemed that Thranduil happily responded the amorous advances.Before he was torn out of his decent reverie Thranduil halted on another little clearing, surrounded by gushing hot-streams and night-blossoming flowers – in the heart of Greenwood, a spot Glorfindel would never have discovered by himself and it seemed that Thranduil was also mildly surprised by the astonishing beauty his father’s realm had to offer. He never let go of Glorfindel’s hand, their fingers still tightly entwined.“Finally!” Thranduil panted, wickedness was audible in his words “We have arrived, far enough away from my father’s halls. This is important, Fin…..”“Why?” Glorfindel eyed the young elf suspiciously, observing the sly smile which crossed Thranduil’s features “Thranduil? What are you up to?“Well – I think I do not like it when my father hears me screaming your name” Thranduil’s voice rang with excitement as he imagined how his name would sound from those lips“Glorfindel chuckled – this was a valid point after all, he would be dead in an instant if Oropher would see them caught in the act of love, see how the despised Noldor plague bedded his precious son in the middle of his beloved forest.Now it was Glorfindel’s part to tease the young elf that stood before him, smiling “You think high of you my little princeling” he whispered, stepping closer towards Thranduil “what does make you think I would scream your name?” his breath ghosted over the rosy lips, brushing gently against the neck of the young elf.“Gift of foresight – believe it or not, even we lowly wood-elves have it” a twinkle in his eyes betrayed him, Thranduil had possibly all but no gift of foresight.“Not more wishful thinking?” Glorfindel asked playfully“Most likely – but not entirely!” Thranduil explained in a determined voice “I swear I will make you scream my name!”“You will?” Thranduil’s last comment picked Glorfindel’s interest, his voice was low and affective “Tell me! How will you do such a thing?”Thranduil was slightly nervous, something the young Elvenprince only felt rarely, but this was so different, he had dreamt of this moment so long, to cherish the blond elf in every way possible, to pleasure him until he had forgotten his own name. No matter what Glorfindel would ask of him he would happily oblige, the silver-haired prince mused absentmindedly.The change in the eyes of the silver-haired elf did not go unnoticed “Thranduil? What is is?” Glorfindel said in a curious voice, feeling that something troubled the young elf.He couldn’t believe his ears as Thranduil replied, more stuttering than actually speaking “Err it is nothing .. I was lost in thoughts – no” smiling, he shook his head, continuing more genuinely this time “- not in wicked thoughts as YOU might think you naughty elf you!” of course, this was only partly true - after all it was still Thranduil, the reincarnation of wickedness.The young elf spoke coyly and Glorfindel was utterly charmed by the sudden and unexpected shyness of him “but .. I have dreamt of this so long and I still cannot believe what is happening, that this is really happening. Fin! I have dreamt almost a century to lie in your arms, being able to kiss you as I please, as I am allowed to kiss you”Instantly, the naught was back once more in his voice. He stated flatly “Anyway -. I have NO idea how it is going to happen that you scream my name, I am innocent as a maid” he lowered his eye-lashes seductively “maybe you would be so kind to tell me what I can expect, what you like to feel, what you want me to undo you” Pleading, yet sparkling eyes searched for Glorfindel’s, dearly hoping that the blond would relinquish his secret fantasies.Oh how the silver-haired elf loved the seductive lover’s talk and he was more than curious to find out, remembering his smutty fantasy of being dominated by the golden haired elf. Thranduil was caught off guard, feeling the strong arms of the other elf around him. Before he could mutter his protest he was swept off his feet and lay helplessly on his back, his golden haired dream hovering above him, pressing Thranduil’s body against the damp soil of the forest and his own against the young prince as he sat atop of him. He tossed and turned but could not succeed against the much stronger elf – but he struggled nonetheless, kicking and screaming. To yield and to surrender was definitely not one of Thranduil’’s assets in the past – countless were the events as he did not want to surrender on the training ground, no matter how helplessly the situation was in which he was caught in. He was – after all – the king’s heir, royalty was running through his veins – and yielding was one thing which Thranduil thought to be very unroyal.A predatory voice ghosted over his bruised lips as Glorfindel began to speak “Do you remember the rainbow horse?” he searched Thranduil’s eyes before he continued, questioning “Yes? Good! I assume you owe me more than a single apology – and I assume furthermore that your father never gave you an appropriatescolding”Glorfindel drifted off as he spoke, he had never thought that his revenge would be like THAT, the words which he wanted to speak silently did leave his lips aloud – but he couldn’t care less in this moment, feeling that something stirred against his lower body – sensing that the young elf enjoyed this dearly “Oh Thranduil, how often have I imagined to slap the arrogance off your face in the last years, but to be honest, I would rather prefer to slap your arse than your face in this very moment“A thousand of sinful images of a tied up young prince swirled through Glorfindel’s mind, feeling the heavy breath of the other against his neck, feeling Thranduil’s hard and needy flesh pressing against his buttocks. Glorfindel’s lips found a comfortable rest on the perfect neck, nibbling and biting the tender flesh, marking the elf as his own. He stopped briefly with his caresses, asking the wanton prince “Will you yield?” But Thranduil kicked violently as he tried to escape Glorfindel’s strong arms “NO! NEVER!”Although Thranduil felt that this exact situation was extremely arousing, so much better than he had dreamt of ever since Glorfindel had commanded him out of the bed, a gesture of non-resisted surrender was simply out of question for Oropher’s heir. His mind had gone astray nonetheless as soon as the blond had spoken his desire to spank him. Valar! The mere thought almost undid him and his transparent tunic was soaking wet were his weeping arousal touched the garment “Release me Fin!” he screamed, unable to stand the blissful torture anymore.Glorfindel only laughed, his voice ringing with mischief “I will – as soon as you surrender to me”“Don’t you think you owe me an appropriate apology, my dear princeling?” Glorfindel felt that all the struggling was part of Thranduil’s play, he could see the darker shades of emeralds in the young elf’s eyes, the heavy breathing betrayed him – and yes, he could feel something treacherous between their heated bodies. Thranduil enjoyed their play greatly, and Glorfindel wondered if the elf always preferred to bottom, but somehow he couldn’t believe it, it did not fit to his wicked behavior the previous days.“Will you yield?” Thranduil was questioned once more in a strong voice“No!” he screamed, kicking again and scratching Glorfindel’s back with his fingernails, leaving angry traces behind“Do I have to make you?” without awaiting a reply he kissed the young Elvenprince passionately until Thranduil gasped and moaned into his mouth upon the sudden invasion, clinging to the other elf’s lips in pure bliss, wrapping his slender arms around his neck, never letting go of him.As they finally broke apart in need for air, he panted breathlessly, unable to suppress his urge to touch the other any longer “Alright, alright” he stole a brief kiss from his golden haired dream before he continued, his voice quivering with need and desire “Fin! Stop! Release me, please…! I yield, I promise to give in and .. and to surrender! Make me yours tonight, do with me as you please. Lead me, guide me. Saes“ The words alone nearly pushed him over the edge, he had never imagined that he would spread his legs willingly for another, especially not in their very first night together. But after all, Glorfindel was not “another”, it was his dream of old, the one elf on Arda he would do everything he was able to do to please him.Thranduil confessed all of his wicked fantasies as he felt the tight grip on his arms loosened, still short of air, stuttering “Fin? I … err … I have fantasized. Err – a lot –“ he observed the blond closely and saw surprise in those lovely sapphire eyes “Naa! Don’t grin, it is true, I can be shy – well, I have dreamt, imagined how it would feel like to yield to your touch, to be commanded in THAT voice – this special voice of you which you employed when you threw me out of your bed. Do you remember, Fin? Soo?” his eyes were half-closed, shining with need and desire “I beg you, tell me what to do, tell me what you want, what you want me to do” Glorfindel could not believe that Thranduil’s rosy cheeks were flushed pink after his confession, the young elf was shy indeed, a fact he found utterly alluring.“Shamelessly fantasized you say?” Glorfindel could not avert his eyes of the beautiful figure which was still trapped beneath him, his long silver hair splayed over the forest floor, his tunic nearly transparent, with every fibre of his body visible. Oh Thranduil, I can’t believe it, none of it! You undo me, you wicked elf“Yes, I have” Thranduil confessed“Wicked elf to the core” the blond muttered, keeping his lips only inches away, too far for Thranduil to catch him – it was pure torture for the silver-haired elf who craved for another kiss. Oh how Thranduil wanted to touch his blonde lover, to taste him, feel him, give pleasure as he had never done before - but Glorfindel did not even think about it to set him free – not yet. As he sat up again, pressing their groins closer together, he let his hands wander over Thranduil’s chest, which was still hidden beneath the transparent, yet restricting garment. “I assume you can spare this tunic” with a fluid movement he had torn the fabric apart, revealing Thranduil’s perfect skin, revealing his pierced nipples.Glorfindel spoke more to himself than to Thranduil after he had discovered the mithril rings, which were pierced through Thranduil’s erect nipples “Oh, what do we have here?” the blond mumbled as his fingers encircled the buds playfully, ever touching the rings so lightly that Thranduil shivered. Valar! These little rings gave him at least a hundred different possibilities to ‘torture’ his little Prince – he had always dreamt of a lover with body art, and now he had found him at the place where he had least expected it.“Fin!” Thranduil screamed once again, utterly aroused by the treatment which was bestowed to his nipples “Release me! Why do you torture me like this? I won’t run away, I promise!” he lowered his lashes seductively as he spoke “All I want to do is to pleasure you, to taste you and to feel you. But I can’t! NOW! Get off me!”And to his own surprise, Glorfindel obliged, jumping to his feet once again and pulled the young elf with him, capturing his lips once more in a searing kiss, pressing their heated bodies together. Thranduil was dearly surprised by the sudden passion which Glorfindel displayed – after all, he had hated him, despised him only hours ago. And now? It seemed as if he couldn’t get enough of him, unable to stop to ravish him. Thranduil chuckled under their kiss, eliciting awful noises which made the young elf giggling even more, resulting in a burst of laughter from both elves which filled the once quiet night of Greenwood the Great.Although they have only met, both elves felt as if they had already shared many centuries in each other’s company, cherishing their time and love together. Sparkling sapphire and emerald eyes locked for a moment and it seemed as their souls became one in this very moment under the moonlit sky, something neither of them could explain nor understand...Glorfindel was the first to regain composure after what they have just witnessed, sweeping the young Elvenprince off his feet once again, carrying him towards the hot springs at the end of the clearing. Oh how long had he dreamt of having sex in the water – in warm and pleasant water, not on some nasty cold and salty shores which he had back home in Lindon - and this was the perfect opportunity to do so, giving Oropher’s little prince a night to remember, one he would most likely never forget as long as he lived. Oh Valar! His imagination was already running riot as he carried the nude body in his strong arms, the silken silver hair was pooling around his shoulders, brushing against his own skin, tickling his ears and neck. Thranduil squeaked every now and then in delight but did not fight him, his emerald eyes were glooming with anticipation in the dim moon-light which found its way through the leaf-canopy.“Fin, what are you doing? Where are we going?” Thranduil squeaked with an excited voice, he was beyond curious and wanted to know what the blond had in mind.“You’ll see in a second” Glorfindel bit his tongue not to snicker“Eeeeeeehh” Thranduil muttered, but he was cut off as he fell out of Glorfindel’s arms into the hot spring with a splashing sound, his silver hair soaking wet as his head found its way to the surface again.Glorfindel laughed helplessly, the startled expression on Thranduil’s face was hilarious, a sight to behold.“Youuu! Youuuuu! Nasty elf you!!” Thranduil screamed furiously, splashing water onto the still dressed golden-haired elf who stood at the edge of the natural pool.Glorfindel still chuckled as he spoke in a mixture between seriousness and mocking “Behave yourself! Who could tell when you wood-elf had your last shower?”“Youuu, mean, nasty elf, you!” Thranduil was splashing more water outside, hissing in played annoyance “Don't judge others by your own standards! Come, have a bath yourself you dirty elf you!”Thranduil gasped with wide and curious eyes as Glorfindel removed his clothes, throwing them carelessly onto the mossy ground which surrounded the hot spring. “Valar” he mumbled, taken aback by the ethereal beauty of the ancient elf lord – there were no other words, Glorfindel was magnificent, glorious – ever more beautiful than he had imagined in his wildest dream as the golden-haired elf stepped into the warm water ever so slowly, to give his lover a perfect view.Thranduil’s eyelids fluttered open and met Glorfindel’s sparkling sapphire eyes as the blond elf bridged the remaining distance between them. The Prince licked his lips in anticipation as he observed every movement of his dream, leaning towards his desire of old – lost for words, unable to think and breathe. Their hungry gaze was never wavering as they found each other in the heated water, drawn together by an invisible bond which had formed.Glorfindel’s fingers curled into the wet, silver hair, pulling Thranduil’s head backwards revealing the perfect neck.His lips ghosted over the wet skin, licking away several droplets before he spoke “I beg your pardon - What did you just say?”“It was nothing!” Thranduil protested half-heartedly“No?” without warning, Glorfindel bit the tender skin fiercely, marking the Prince as his own and was rewarded with a passionate cry “Are you certain?”If the prince had wanted to reply or not - he had little to say in this matter as Glorfindel’s lips were all of a sudden on his own once more, kissing him fiery, a strong arm enveloped around his waist, pressing their heated bodies against each other, his head was still held back by tender fingers.“Fiiiin” Thranduil tried to mumble under their bruising kiss, shielded by a golden curtain “what are you up to?” The only reply he received was being swept off his feet again, carried through the pleasantly warm of the natural pool by strong arms.Absentmindedly, his slender legs wrapped around the broad hips and found a comfortable rest there, arms thrown around Glorfindel’s neck “Ohhhhh” Thranduil moaned against the blonde’s shoulder, softly biting the tender flesh as he felt the hardness of the other pressed against his arse. Desperately, he tried to move his body against Fin in an attempt to increase the friction but Thranduil failed miserable, being kept firmly in place.“Naa, little one” Glorfindel muttered “are we becoming a little eager?” In fact, Glorfindel dearly enjoyed the displayed fervor of his young lover, the elf was an utterly wild thing – in every way possible and he wondered what the morning would have in charge for him. His mind was spinning, but not from drunkenness as it has only hours ago – his thoughts were fogged, dizzied by Oropher’s son which he held closely in his arms, kissing and biting him.A massive rock that stood in the middle of the natural pool like a hidden throne, just inches beneath the surface, seemed to be the perfect spot for his wicked idea, allowing him to enjoy the warmness of the water without being in it entirely – something which would have been disadvantageous for his planned actions. With the young prince in his arms he found a comfortable rest atop the rock, lying down and dragging Thranduil who eagerly obliged with him.“I assume you still owe me an apologiy, don’t you?” a broad smile crossed his handsome face as he spoke“Yes, I do think so” Thranduil replied coyly, searching the sapphire eyes under half-lid eyes before he slid down the wet body, back into the pleasantly warm water and found a more than comfortable rest between the spread legs, trailing his fingers slowly down Glorfindel’s strong, flawless chest. Without warning, Thranduil enclosed his bruised lips around the arousal of his golden dream, licking gently over the slit.“Maybe that would be appropriate?” Thranduil teased the blond with passionate glowing eyes, gazing up from his due place between the spread legs “What do you think, Fin?” Without awaiting a reply he swallowed the throbbing arousal entirely for brief seconds, forcing his throat to relax upon the sudden invasion.Glorfindel could barely restrain himself from bucking his hips and thrusting into Thranduil’s eager mouth which was ghosting over his hard erection, licking and sucking ever so gently – he knew the silver-haired elf was teasing him to the core, hoping to be forced down the entire length, but Glorfindel simply enjoyed the gentle affections far too much to interrupt him.Maybe, after a little longer, he would give into the silently pleading but for the moment, he closed his eyes briefly, focused on the pleasure of Thranduil’s hot, wet mouth around him. Closing his eyes was somehow unsatisfying; he wanted to see his silver-haired lover who was kneeling in the shallow water between his spread legs, wanted to catch the other’s lust-filled gaze – he stared down, fascinated by the sight Thranduil displayed and his entire body tickled in anticipation. As Thranduil began to suck harder, never leaving the sapphire eyes, a shudder of pleasure rushed through his heated body and Glorfindel finally lost control, thrusting with his hips upwards, making his lover swallowing as much as he was able to take.His actions were rewarded by vibrating moans and gasps around his almost exploding cock – after all, this was exactly what Thranduil had wanted, dreamt of - to be fucked into his sweet mouth – and the blond elf happily obliged, curling his fingers into the silken strands of his lover, forcing his head further down until he had reached the back of Thranduil’s throat. Despite the gags which escaped the rosy lips, the young elvenprince nod his silent consent, gazing up in pure desire and lust with watery eyes, with his busy lips forming a smile as he swallowed the hard flesh. It did not take long until Glorfindel almost fainted, throwing his head back in pure bliss, feeling Thranduil’s wicked mouth around his twitching cock.Valar forbid! Despite his young age, the Prince was utterly talented in what he was doing and with Thranduil’s name on his lips he climaxed, deep within the abused mouth of his lover, panting breathlessly as Thranduil swallowed eagerly what he was given.Only seconds later, the silver-haired elf lay atop of him – exhausted but happily smiling, soaking his lover with the warm water which was dripping off his perfect body, grinning wickedly before he whispered seductively into the pointy ear “I said you’d scream my name” he paused for seconds “and I promise you it was not the last time you have screamed it today!” and before Glorfindel could speak, his lips were caught in a searing kiss, making him taste his release on Thranduil’s lips. None of them could tell how long they were captured by the emotions, lying in the middle of the hot springs deep in the wild forest under a starlit sky, kissing and caressing each other. 



Of love and desire - II
Chapter Summary
~smutty chapter~Glorfindel and Prince Thranduil enjoy a pleasant bath in the natural spring =)
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Thranduil inhaled the damp air of the early morning, cherishing the diminishing scent of the night-blossoming flowers which was combined with the distinct note of spent passion – Glorfindel’s scent - an intoxicating mixture which was tickling his nose.A smile crossed his features when his gaze travelled over the glistering body of his golden dream, a thousand tiny droplets of water found a comfortable rest on the perfect skin and the young elf could not resist the urge to lick some of them away with his skilled tongue, trailing seductive patterns over Glorfindel’s chest.His fingertips started their journey along the broad, muscular shoulders, further up onto the neck, gently caressing the golden skin of his lover and without much thought he mumbled “I love you, Fin!”Glorfindel smiled and looked deep into those loving sparkling green eyes, whispering in a voice full of wonder "Strange, is it not? Not even a day ago I thought I hate you more than one could ever despise another and now you lie in my arms and I feel like the most lucky elf on Arda”Before Thranduil could speak, he was pressed against his golden-haired lover and kissed lazily on his lips. The world paused for a moment as their lips touched, giving him the feeling that they were the only elves dwelling on Arda’s soil, in the middle of the enchanted forest."Oh Fin” the young Elvenprince purred seductively "what a wonderful way to greet the dawn, lying in your arms, feeling your heart beat, watching Anor rise – yet I desire to see stars again" his eyes twinkled mischievously and he dearly hoped that Glorfindel caught the little hint in his words. Thranduil was thrilled to the core by the mere sight his golden-haired lover presented in the first morning light and was even more thrilled by the thought of what was about to happen between them.A mischievous grin crossed Glorfindel’s features upon the ambiguity in Thranduil’s words - he understood fairly well what the young Elvenprince implied and he was more than willing to fulfill his wish, mumbling under numerous kisses “Any preferences of how you would like to be fucked into oblivion my Prince?”The emerald eyes snatched wide open as a reaction to the blonde’s words - somehow he had not expected such straight-forward question and he blushed to the tip of his pointy ears. “Errrrrr” Thranduil nibbed on his lower lip in insecurity, trying to overplay his nervousness but it did not go entirely unnoticed but Glorfindel remained silent, awaiting Thranduil’s answer patiently “Err … I … I … do not know” the Prince finally confessed, stuttering.“Don’t tell me you are untouched” Glorfindel couldn’t believe what Thranduil was implying –he had possibly imagined everything – sense-play, wicked ideas for their position - but this? No, he was more than surprised that he was about to bed a virgin, it was so rare among the first children of Illuvatar and he was utterly charmed by the shyness his silver-haired princeling displayed all of a sudden.“Errr … I am” Thranduil blushed even more if this was possible under the glowing sapphire eyes which never left him “I’ve never spread my legs for another”The golden-haired elf locked their gaze as he asked curiously, gently playing with Thranduil’s wet silver strands “And you are certain that you want to do this for me?”“Yes! Absolutely!” the young Elvenprince replied without hesitation, nodding eagerly – never in his life had he been so entirely certain of anything, after all the blond was the love of his life – he would do anything to please his soon-to-be lover.“And” he continued, looking up from under his lashes seductively “I am willing to submit to your dreams and fantasies – completely. Do with me as you please, I want it this way, I have dreamt of this so long, Fin! Listen to me! Don’t stop if I cry, if I scream, just don’t!”“But you are untouched and I truly don’t want to hurt you!”“Yes, yes, YES I know I am a virgin! – damn it you stubborn elf! I want this so badly, I have wanted it almost my entire life! With you! So just don’t make such a fuss about it .. fuck me! Claim me! Give me a night to remember!”Glorfindel was inwardly torn upon Thranduil’s confessed darkest dreams. Yes, he liked it rather rough, yes he had a very weak spot for submissive elves, yes he loved it when he made them scream in the torturous mixture of passion and pain.Hesitation found its way to his mind, leading to silent questions But could I do this to a virgin? Could I really dominate him? Could I ….”“Stop your musing, Fin! I don’t want it any other way! Do you want to know what EXACTLY I want?” the wicked smile was once again back on Thranduil’s face, his eyes were sparkling dangerously as he watched the blond closely, awaiting his reaction to his next words “Fin! I want to feel our bodies smack together in passion, I want you to fuck me until it hurts, I need to feel your teeth biting my untouched skin as you thrust deep inside me, I need … “ but he couldn’t finish to explain his desires as his lips were caught in a searing kiss - all Oropher’s son could do against the invasion of a wicked tongue was to part his lips and yield to the caress.Glorfindel panted breathlessly “If this is your command, my prince, I will obey - but don’t complain if you can’t sit nor ride the next days” Thranduil’s previous words had pushed him over the edge of sanity.A pleased moan escaped his lips as he felt the growing hardness against his own weeping flesh. Without words he was shoved off Glorfindel’s body into the warm water only to be caught seconds later in Glorfindel’s strong arms that carried him towards the shores of the hot spring, lowering him down onto his back. Warm water was still pooling around his legs, little waves swept over his groins, leaving a wet trail behind as the water withdrew from his alabaster skin.Glorfindel’s sweet voice danced through the damp air, commanding him to stay where he was placed “Don’t move, I will be right back” Thranduil did not dare to move an inch, his eyes followed the golden-haired elf lord climbing the natural stairs out of the pool ever so slowly to give his lover a perfect show, walking over to where his tunic lay on the mossy ground.Oh by the Valar, this body, Oh for fuck sake these broad shoulders, the well-defined muscular chest which reflects the gentle golden lights of the morning, Oh his thighs ..Young Thranduil was lost in his musing and his mouth gasped wide open as Fin turned and bend forward, presenting him nothing more than his trained backside.VALAR! Those cheeks! This elf is simple perfection He could do nothing more than to stare with eyes wide open, soaking up the ethereal beauty of his lover “Is something the matter?” Glorfindel asked teasingly with a smile on his lips as he turned around, walking back into the pleasantly hot water with a little flask in his hands.Thranduil sat up with his slender legs dangling in the water and eyed the phial in Fin’s hand suspiciously “And this will work? In the water? Are you certain?”“Yes” Glorfindel stated, chuckling “high elven magic you know …. Noldorin witchcraft, that’s why it is working in the water”It was hard to tell who was naughtier in this moment.“You are stupid, Fin!” Thranduil said in a mocking tone“Shut up and turn around!” he coated his fingers generously with the lavender oil which was dripping out of the phialThranduil obliged instantly, rolling onto his stomach but muttered his protest nonetheless “But you ARE stupid!”“Shut up you little brat” he slapped Thranduil playfully but still hard enough to leave a reddish color behind on his backside“Ouuuuuch” the silver-haired prince screamed in surprise, but moaned when a gentle finger circled his virgin entrance only seconds later “Aahhhhh” Again, Glorfindel had to bit his tongue not to giggle, pushing his finger slowly inside the tight channel – a grin hushed over his lips as he spoke “Thranduil you have to decide!”“I can’t, I won’t!” the silver head tossed from one side to another in protest, mumbling into the mossy ground. His heart missed several beats, as the finger was buried entirely within him - never before had somebody touched him in this sinful way, and he felt as if he would burst from inside.As Glorfindel curled his finger, only touching the secret spot for the blink of a second he was rewarded with endless moans of pleasure from those sweet and bruised lips “Ahhhh – have mercy, I have already decided which one I would prefer. But do THIS again!” Thranduil almost squeaked with delight.“Mercy? Forget about this” the golden-haired elf whispered, smiling against the back of his young prince, licking the line of his spine upwards. “you have forsaken what was offered, there is no turning back anymore, my dear. And now spread your legs for me, I can’t claim you unprepared” The hot breath which danced over his still wet skin sent a thousand shivers down Thranduil’s spine, further down into his loins, obeying eagerly the command he was given. Strong, oiled hands grabbed his buttocks rather fiercely, exposing the hidden entrance to his body shamelessly.Thranduil bit his lower lip and forced himself not to cry out as a second finger found its way inside him, but his body betrayed him as he flinched upon the sudden invasion and discomfort he felt. “Valar” his breath came in shallow gasps and his world turned upside down, knowing his golden-haired lover tried to be as gentle as ever possible with him – but it did hurt nonetheless.His lover paused for a moment, giving him the possibility to adjust to his fingers, trying to sooth him with whispered words “Shhhh, it’s alright in a while, you will see. I don’t want to hurt you but you are so incredible tight” The fact that Glorfindel did not ask him if he should stop made him shudder in anticipation, it was exactly what he had wanted, what he needed in their shared night. “Yes, I trust you, Fin” he managed to stutter and Thranduil meant every word which he had said.The discomfort was finally beginning to fade as the sweet spot was rubbed once again and he became accustomed to the digits buried inside him, scissoring his virgin entrance open. Yet, the silver-haired elf couldn’t think of how on earth his lover’s large arousal should fit completely inside him, it was simply too big, but his musing was interrupted violently as third finger found its way inside him, circling the guardian ring before it was pushed inside.Although he refused to complain, he couldn’t hold back anymore, screaming “Ouuuuuuch” and squirmed upon the additional finger, stuttering “too much.. too much”“Oh Valar! My love, I don’t want to hurt you but I would do even more if I don’t prepare you properly” Glorfindel bent over Thranduil’s back and whispered affectionately into the pointy hear before he began to nibble on the earlobe, remembering that his lover’s ears were oversensitive.It didn’t take long until he moaned under the soft caresses, almost forgetting the stilled fingers within him. When his lover began to move them again, the pain and discomfort had finally ceased and a wave of pleasure rushed through him and absentmindedly he began to push his hips against the fingers, fucking himself on his lover’s hand, his head thrown back in passion. Glorfindel chuckled upon the newly displayed eagerness - in fact he was more than relieved that Thranduil finally enjoyed what he was doing to him. The mere sight of how his finger slid in and out the slick channel pushed him almost over the edge, judging his virgin lover was finally ready for him. “Turn around, I want to see your face when I bury myself into you” he whispered hoarsely, unable to resist the urge to push his fingers further inside.Thranduil wasn't exactly sure what Glorfindel had planned in his wicked mind, but the young Elvenprince craved for his blond dream, longed to be fucked until stars exploded around him. Despite all the pain he had felt whilst being prepared and rolled over onto his back, surprised that Glorfindel’s fingers never left his stretched hole.The golden-haired elf claimed Thranduil’s mouth with a fierce intensity, moaning into the kiss as he claimed the young Elvenprince, pushing his hard arousal past the stretched guardian ring.Thranduil tried to grip something but his hands could not get hold of anything useful on the mossy ground, he panted for air, whimpered on the sudden invasion, moaning “Fin! OH Valar! Oh sweeeeet Elbereth! Valar forbiiiiiiid”A thin layer of sweat was forming on his skin and his heart missed several beats as he felt his channel stretched further, felt his muscles contract around Fin’s hard sex. “Too much … I can’t … I … I” he whined, trying to flinch away from the sudden invasion as he was breached for the first time, but strong hands around his hips kept him securely in place! Glorfindel did not listened to his hoarse babbling, pushing his entirely length inside him ever so slowly only stopping when he was buried completely within the pulsating heat, giving his innocent lover the time to adjust to him.“I love you, Thranduil” was all he could say, entire lost for coherent words, mumbles which were breathed over the bruised lips before he kissed his silver-haired lover fiercely until endless moans danced through the timid morning. With a single movement, Thranduil was lifted off the mossy shore into strong arms again by his golden-haired lover, the sapphire eyes sparkled with longing and wanton need, a sight which Thranduil nearly pushed over the edge.His legs came to a comfortable rest around his lover’s waist, his arms wrapped absentmindedly around Glorfindel’s neck in support – and like this he was carried into the natural pool. The warmth of the water eased the discomfort and finally pleasure began to take over, feeling comfortable with his lover’s arousal buried deep within him.“Oh Valar” he panted into Fin’s ear “Oh Valar, I love you, I have always loved you!” Everything he felt in this moment was simply intoxicating and Thranduil knew he was entirely lost.Glorfindel finally moved again, pulling back out of him, ever so slowly only to thrust into the virgin channel again gently, inch by inch until Thranduil was panting heavily, struggling against him. With the hot water surrounding them in der love-making, it was nearly as if his entire body was subject to his warmth, and it was simply breathtaking and intoxicating beyond measure.Never in his life had he imagined to bed Thranduil in the way he was doing, swaying through the natural pool, raising the silver-haired prince up with the aid of the water, thrusting back into the incredibly tight heat as he pulled him back down, fucking him deeply. Glorfindel was rewarded with endless moans of pleasure, the silver head fell to his shoulder, biting and kissing him in pure bliss, begging for more as he was taken ever so slowly.“Is everything alright, meleth?” Glorfindel eyed his silver-haired lover suspiciously, surprised by the numerous bruises he received.“NOOOO” Thranduil screamed hoarsely “God damit by the Valar, Fin! Fuck me, please! Stop your blissful torment and simply fuck me!”Their eyes locked for a moment “Please?”Once more the quiet night was filled with heavy sighs and pleasure screams again as their slick, wet bodies moved against each other.Glorfindel happily obliged, eager to fulfill Thranduil’s deepest desire, whispering seductively into the pointy ear “As you wish my prince” Without resistance he lowered his silver-haired lover gently down onto the mossy shores which surrounded the natural pool, placing the slender legs atop his strong shoulders, never withdrawing from the virgin tightness Thranduil offered.“Makes things easier” Fin said, smiling before he began to move again, this time more forcefully and was rewarded with endless moans of pleasure from the young elf instantly.“Yes, Yes, YEEEES.. I like this … “ the young prince panted, unable to speak coherently any more. Fin paused his movements briefly in an attempt to understand Thranduil better and was rewarded with a wave of curses “Naaa, don’t you dare to stop! Move your arse! God damit!”“Naa, don’t you dare to be rude, little one!” his finger’s found one of Thranduil’s mithril rings and pulled rather strong on it.“OuuuuuuCh” Thranduil screamed but lowered his voice immediately “Forgive me” despite his nice words, his emerald eyes sparkled dangerously, leaving no room for disobedience. Although he did bottom for his golden-haired dream he couldn’t let go entirely of his old habits and Glorfindel didn’t mind his temper – after all they were equal, but he played with those pierced nipples nonetheless, ignoring Thranduil’s request with a mischievous smile, fucking him almost brutally.Thranduil almost reached his climax as Glorfindel whispered seductively in the forbidden tongue into his ear – he couldn’t understand a single word of the hot-breathed words but the mere sound of it drove him mad with desire for his lover; never in his life had he heard the banned tongue and he had not expected to hear it whilst he lay on his back with spread legs, moaning and screaming with pleasure whilst the first rays of the sun danced over his flushed face.The susurrus in ancient elvish only ceased when his lover bit the soft skin of his neck or kissed him fiercely until both gasped for air, never stopping to pond into the hot and slick channel, aiming at the sweet spot with every thrust. The first stars of his beginning climax exploded before his closed eyes but Thranduil forced them open - he wanted to see his beautiful lover, his muscled chest which was so perfectly trained from the years of battle and, those sparkling blue eyes and last but not least to see the pleasure the blond found as he fucked him restlessly with half-lid eyes.The stars exploded nonetheless, and with his head thrown back in passion he found his release, screaming Glorfindel’s name into the damp air of the early morning.Thranduil’s cries of passion were all the blond needed to be pushed over the edge and with a last forceful thrust he exploded deep within the tight heat of his lover, feeling the contraction of Thranduil’s muscles around his arousal. Moans and gasps swirled through the damp air and Fin was crying out his lover’s name in bliss and beauty before he collapsed on top of him, kissing him lovingly.“Oh Elbereth” both panted in unsion as their release ebbed, they held each other their gaze locked, their lips almost never leaving each other“This was wonderful” They lay like this for what seemed like an eternity, enjoying the drowsy sweetness of the aftermath, caressing and kissing until they were in need for air, Glorfindel’s blond hair acting as a golden veil in the early morning sun. Fin didn’t want to move or withdraw from the warmth he felt around his softening sex – he wanted to stay inside his precious princeling forever!“Come, my love” Thranduil whispered as he finally sneaked out under Glorfindel’s body, away from the hot springs towards a large weeping willow which was bathed in Anor’s rays. Without hesistation he seated himself on the soft grass, enjoying the warmth the sunlight offered his exhausted body.“Fiiiiiin, come over, I am lonely”“Already?”Both elves chuckled. Glorfindel lowered himself behind the young Elvenprince, his legs parted to accommodate the exhausted figure between them, shifting for a comfortable position before he pulled his lover close, feeling the heated body once more against himself, whispering affectionate words in the forbidden tongue into Thranduil’s pointy ears. They sat silently on the grass of the secluded clearing, in front of a massive weeping willow for a while, listening only to the sound of dancing leaves and splashing water, listening to their breath, their heartbeats, lost in thoughts, lost in their caresses which never ceased.Thranduil suddenly began to fumble in the pockets of his transparent robe which lay besides them, searching desperately for something – after a while he found a little bag with dried flowers in it and a small pipe. Glorfindel eyed the young elf carefully, wondering what the yellow flowers were – but he had no idea, he never had seen such a flower before nor anybody smoking flowers, which was simply odd.“What is this, Thranduil?” Inwardly, he dearly wondered what his lover carried around on his nightly journeys through Greenwood the Great.Before answering Glorfindel’s question, Oropher's son carefully filled the pipe with a small amount of flowers and lightened it, before inhaled deeply. A heavy, almost magical scent filled the air around them, sweet and bitter at the same time.“Elvish weed – relaxes body and mind, and gives pleasant dreams” Thranduil said whilst he was blowing smoke-rings into the air “and gives awesome – even more awesome sex if this is ever possible!” The young Elvenprince chuckled, remembering their gorgeous encounter a little while ago vividly, he could still feel his stretched channel, a constant reminder of the pleasure the blond brought him.“Drugs?” the golden-haired elf narrowed his eyes, questioning his lover sharply.“Naaa, no drugs” Thranduil waved his hand dismissively and answered teasingly “wood-elven medicine” Of course the flowers had some hallucinogenic compounds, but Thranduil did not see them as drugs – this word was far too negative for those innocent flowers.“Do you want?” He handed the pipe to his lover who took it but still hesitated to inhale the sweet smoke.“I’ll give it a try if it is THAT good as you say” Glorfindel replied, smiling – indeed he had a weak spot for various stimulants and he had never tried something like it before.Thranduil’s next question came out of the blue and Glorfindel did not even know what his lover was talking about, switching between their topics of conversation back and forth with a pace Glorfindel could not follow.“Will you teach me?” his emerald eyes were sparkling curiously as he spoke, signalizing it was something important“Teach you what?” a golden eyebrow was raised in curiousity – Glorfindel had no idea of what exactly his silver-haired lover spoke“Quenya. Your seductive whispers into my ear were – well – arousing, enchanting, naughty, call it as you like my love. But to be honest – you could have called me a ‘fuckin’ annoying Sinda bitch’ and I would not have understood a single word and would have smiled nonetheless.”Both elves chuckled helplessly, Thranduil had a valid point after all, although Glorfindel was certain he would not have remembered the exact words of ‘bitch and fuckin’ in his aroused state of mind.He said, smiling “Aye if this is your wish I will be more than pleased to fulfill it my beloved prince”“Yes yes yes” Thranduil squeaked with delight, throwing his head back that it came to rest on Glorfindel’s shoulder “But .. please. Not a single word to the King, my father will kill me, kill us if he finds out what his precious son is lusting after”“Would he? But tell me, Thranduil – WHAT exactly are you lusting after?” Glorfindel snickered upon the ambiguity of the silver-haired elf’s words “But no, not a single word will I tell him that I am teaching you the forbidden tongue and honestly: I could not even blame him that he does not want to hear it in his realm after all he went through, after all the wrongs my kin had done”“You know what – or better – whom I am lusting after” he caught Glorfindel’s lips in a passionate kiss “for years! YEARS! I can’t remember if I have already told you – and please don’t laugh, after all I have a weak spot for romantic bullshit – but I think I fell in love with you on the very moment I first lay my eyes upon you. The rainbow horse, the wicked pranks and naughty comments were just desperate attempts to catch your precious attention. An to receive angry curses from your lips are better than ignorance and silence, Fin. I have a different side behind the mask”“I know, but you ARE wicked nonetheless, Thranduil! But now, after all, I think I adore your naughty mind and I highly approve your wicked actions”“Do you? Then let’s see what my wicked mind has up its sleeve” a sly grin hushed over Thranduil’s lips once again, never in his life has he felt more happiness than in the hours he spent with his new lover “but I have to admit for now I just want to rest in your strong arms, relax my mind and body. Am I allowed to do so?”“Oh yes my love” Glorfindel said, smiling affectionately, wrapping his arms around the silver-haired elf.~~It was long after midday when Glorfindel awoke, his arms were still wrapped around his silver-haired prince who was soundly asleep with his head resting against his shoulder, a smile danced over the sleeping elf’s face and Glorfindel knew he was lost to his young lover, sensing that he would never tire of watching him wake, never tire of touching the smooth skin. Absentmindedly, he began to caress Thranduil’s back, stroking the tender flesh ever so lightly, playing with a silken strand of the silver hair and was rewarded with a hearty yawn and the most beautiful sparkle of Thranduil’s emerald eyes.“Good morning, lovely one – did I wake you?” Glorfindel said in Quenya, smiling down at his lover.Thranduil yawned once more before he said with a sleepy voice “Nay, my dear! Everything is fine” and as he said he placed a lazy kiss on Glorfindel’s lips, gently nibbling at the lower lip.“Forgive me, if I bring this up now but I wonder how Erestor fared with the treaty negotiations with your father this afternoon” Glorfindel said in a mixture of curiosity and insecurityThranduil only chuckled, still lying in Glorfindels strong arms, who eyed his Sinda Prince suspiciously “Thranduil?” but the blond did not receive an answer from the young one, instead Thranduil rose to his feet, pulling the golden-haired elf with him.“Are you up for a surprise?” he paused briefly, observing the numerous emotions in Glorfindel’s blue eyes “Yes? So come, you won’t believe it if you’d not seen it with your own eyes”The golden-haired elf frowned as Thranduil jumped out of the embrace, muttering his question “Thranduil, what exactly are you implying?”With flowing silver hair, Thranduil jumped impatiently from one feet to another, waiting until Glorfindel got to his feet. He was beyond excited now and couldn’t wait to see what he had started, to show his lover exactly how Erestor fared with ‘treaty negotiations” A chuckle escaped his lips as he spoke “It is no mere implication – wait and you’ll see yourself. Don’t be so impatient my golden dream, this is actual my domain, don’t you dare to snatch it away”“Alright, alright! But … “ The dreadful thoughts simply would not want to leave Glorfindel’s mind, after all Erestor was his closest friend for long years “all I want to know is, if everything is fine with Erestor, don’t you understand my worries?”In an attempt to sooth Fin’s troubled mind he nodded, speaking calmly “I do! Be patient, and you will see it with your own eyes as I assume you won’t believe my words anyway. But let me assure you, Erestor is fairly well. And now come”Quickly, both elves dressed in their for daylight hardly appropriate garments and winded their way through the never-ending forest, through dense bushes and gushing springs, over narrow pathways and broader roads. The golden-haired elf only stared at the young prince in disbelief, wondering how on earth Thranduil did all the ways within the forest. As they paused briefly to gasp some air, Glorfindel still felt entirely uncertain why the Elvenprince could not simply tell him how Erestor was “Thranduil? Where are we going, where are you leading me?”“You’ll see .. you’ll see” was the only reply the startled elf received before Thranduil hopped away playfully in the direction of a gushing waterfall, Oropher’s favorite spot in his beloved woods. They sneaked silently through the dense bushes, towards another hidden waterfall in the enchanted forest and came to an abrupt halt.“Erestor….” Glorfindel mumbled with wide-eyes.“Shhh and see yourself!” Thranduil turned around, placing a slender finger over his lips, to stop Glorfindel from saying something but he failed!“WHAT??” Glorfindel couldn’t believe his eyes, he rubbed them – once – twice - in disbelief but the sinful image in front of him did not disappear. There was no doubt left: the raven-haired elf in King Oropher’s arms WAS Erestor. Naked. With flushed cheeks. And spread legs. Fin gasped, swallowing heavily “By the Valar! HOW??”“For Valar’s sake shut up!” Thranduil rolled his eyes in annoyance before he continued “And now come! I guess you have seen enough! It is not very polite to invade other elves privacy, and honestly” Thranduil blushed fiercely – something Glorfindel could not believe to be possible “I do not want to witness what they’ll do ... errr … next”Glorfindel had to suppress his giggles “Then I just give you a little advice for the next days: do stay away from Erestor and his ‘pervert’ fantasies of royal threesomes”“Don’t you dare to mock me?” he asked innocently“I do not mock you, I am only telling you the truth and give you a little warning. I’ve watched Erestor yesterday at the dinner. You know – observed how his gaze travelled back and forth between you and your father. And believe me, after long centuries I know him and his wicked fantasies well – very well.”“Naaaa” Thranduil shook his head, shuddering “naaa, not with Ada, naaaa … eeehh nay” he paused briefly “but: what about us and Erestor? Friends with benefits, ya know” he lowered his lashes lascivious and licked his lips in anticipation.“Thranduil?!” Glorfindel’s eyes went wide, eyeing his lover with a raised eyebrow.“Naaa.. don’t take me seriously. My father would tear us in a thousand pieces and feed the foxes with our bodies if he’d find Erestor in my bed. He’s quite possessive, you know” Thranduil wrapped his slender arms around Glorfindel’s waist, pressing their bodies together as he stated “and I guess I have inherited some of his spirit”“Go ahead my dear” a broad smile crossed Glorfindel’s handsome face, enjoying the close contact “but please tell me before you do so, HOW? I mean, I’ve seen your father’s arrogance, felt his hatred for us yesterday, his disapproval for everything Noldorian – and now? I cannot believe it, Thranduil, I simply can’t. It’s the weed, isn’t it? It plays tricks on my mind”“Naaa, it’s not the weed but I have no idea at all” he spoke with a voice full of innocence “maybe Erestor can tell you something on this matter. Tomorrow. As we have other duties to fulfill this day” and with those words he dragged a startled Glorfindel behind him, out of the enchanted forest into the direction of Amon Lac.“You wicked elf!” was all the blond could manage to speak before he was silenced with a searing kiss.The next days both elves were hardly seen outside Prince Thranduil’s private chambers in Amon Lac, only muffled sounds and giggles could be heard once in a while on the endless corridor which lead to the royal quarters within the citadel… ~~~When Glorfindel left Greenwood the Great, Erestor stayed behind in Amon Lac, in the arms of the proud Sindar King – this had been Oropher’s one and only condition to sign the pact which had been requested by Gil-Galad, the reason why Erestor and Glorfindel had originally left their home at the shores and ventured into the enchanted realm of Oropher and his young, wicked heir. The golden-haired elf had to sacrifice his own love and happiness for the sake of Middle-Earth, for an alliance his King had requested.It took many centuries until Glorfindel met the love of his life, Prince Thranduil of Greenwood the Great, again in front of Sauron’s forsaken land, in a time of war. Not a single day had passed ever since in which Fin did not think of their glorious and utterly erotic times in the forest, their wicked thoughts and games. But all innocence of youth was lost in the bitter hours of war, nothing of the young Elvenprince and his playful nature which Glorfindel remembered vividly had survived the horrors of Mordor, his once sparkling emerald eyes were only dark pools of sadness. When his father fell, nothing and nobody could comfort Thranduil who was now all of a sudden King of Greenwood, unprepared and unwanted – blaming the Noldorin High King for all the misery, blaming every elf who followed Gil-Galad into the battle, including Glorfindel – the only elf on Arda which he had ever truly loved. Only bitterness and hatred remained in the once loving heart of the proud Sinda.Erestor, who had found the love of his life in the enchanted forest, in the arms of King Oropher, had lost everything on the same day as the silver-haired Prince – he was beyond sad, weeping for what seemed an eternity .. but maybe after long years he would be willing to open his heart again, be ready to love again - and this is where the story of Erestor and Glorfindel began in the refuge of Imladris, seeking comfort from their loss in each other’s arms.



Chapter End Notes
Well... I do apoligize in some way for the ending. Actually, I had a fluffy "they lived happily ever after"-AU in mind, but at one point I started writing the little epilogue and BAAAAM this ending was written and I just couldn't do the fluffy-thing afterwards.Really, it was the first time I ever sobbed over my own writing, I still feel so sorry for my Fin and Thranduil, just so very sorry *sobs* I wanted to have happy elves and now they are just depressingly sad elves :/***and a thousand thanks to the lovely anon on the hobbit kink meme .. I greatly enjoyed to write this story :)



Afterword


End Notes
***Feedback is - as always - highly appreciated*** :)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



