



Fake Love - miya_april - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Fake Love
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15385260.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, very little plot, lots of flirting, kookmin, jikook - Freeform, Top Jeon Jungkook, Bottom Park Jimin, Established Relationship, Smut, late night buddies, Blowjobs, Rimming, eating ass, other pervy stuff, One Shot, Canon Compliant
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-22
        Words: 7301
      

Fake Love
by miya_april
Summary
Just some heavy flirting and sexy time before Fake Love comeback
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Fake Love


Jungkook has always had faith in Bang PD Nim, Sungdeuk, and any of the other amazing choreographers to give them dramatic and flashy dance moves. Being a bit of a dance nerd himself, he’s always found it really exciting to learn new choreographies. He always has. So this time was no different. Except for one big problem.
 
“Jungkookie, you’ve got good abs. Go ahead and pull your shirt up at the chorus. It’ll be a bit of a throwback to No More Dream.”
 
“I’m s-sorry, what?”
 
The rest of the members were already walking away with their hands on their hips, or towels already on their faces, or bottles of waters to their lips. It was just another day of hours upon hours in the practice room, and nothing out of the ordinary for them. But Jungkook on the other hand was having a crisis.
 
“We already talked it over. And we think debuting Fake Love in America needs a big splash. Everyone is going to be watching, and this will get a lot of attention.”
 
Jungkook looked at his teacher, seeing if there was any way he was joking. But Sungdeuk just nodded his head and smacked his shoulder a bit before going over to talk to Jin. The youngest was frozen by the mirrors; dazed and lost in his head.
 

Abs. Show my abs. They want me to show my abs.

 
He instinctively pulled his shirt away by his collar and looked down. He definitely had abs. But he never got them thinking he was literally going to show the whole world. It was just the natural result of working out as much as he does. 
 
As he releases his shirt he thinks he could probably define them more. He thinks he might go on a diet starting tomorrow. Because there was only a couple weeks more until they were scheduled to arrive in America.
 
“...meat only. Vegetables… maybe some protein shakes… but I don't wanna bulk up too much…”
 
Jimin noticed the maknae mumbling with a dazed look on his face. The look that made Jimin squirm in giddiness because Jungkook was just too cute. Even when he’s serious, Jungkook is an absolute cute bunny that Jimin is a little obsessed with.
 
“Jungkook-ah you-” he started to call out for the maknae, but Jungkook seemed too lost in his head. 
 
He just started chewing on his bottom lip and got right back into dance mode; most likely playing the song in his head and moving his body as he had been learning. It sent a little pang in Jimin’s chest to see him like that; something felt wrong. But he didn’t have time to do anything about it before staff was coming in and getting ready for a meeting. All he could do was catch a glimpse of Jungkook touching his stomach and frowning.




Later that night, when the rest of the members were already in their rooms and asleep, Jimin fumbled with his phone. It was close to three in the morning. He knows he should be asleep, but being one who always stayed up late, this wasn’t out of the ordinary. The only thing different about this night from other nights was his constant fidgeting. He couldn’t really seem to concentrate on anything; not on games, or videos on his phone. All he could think about was Jungkook mumbling and frowning earlier in the day at practice. So deciding to get some answers, he got up from bed and made his way to Jungkook’s room. Thankfully it wasn’t much of a walk seeing as Jungkook’s room was next to his. 
 
He knocked lightly just before opening the door, “Jungkook-ah. Knock, knock.” He started humming Twice’s Knock, Knock as he stepped inside and closed the door behind him. “You busy?”
 
Jungkook wasn’t on his computer like Jimin expected. Instead, he was on the floor next to his bed doing crunches. He grunted as he sat up, only to go back down once again. “H-Hey. 52- 53-”
 
“Hey,” Jimin scratched his hip before walking around Jungkook to sit at his computer chair. He crossed his leg over the other and put his weight on his left side, holding his head up against his hand. “You’re working out 

now

?”
 
“What’s wrong-” A grunt. “With that?” He let out a forceful breath through his mouth. His face scrunched up as he struggled to keep going; but he did it anyways.
 
“Muscle pig… I know you like it, but don’t over do it,” Jimin watched the maknae sweat.
 
“74- 75- I won't- Ugh, c’mon!” 
 
Jimin stayed quiet. Mostly because he was speechless. He was mesmerized by Jungkook’s determination. And has always been mesmerized by him. He’s always had the nickname Golden Maknae - and sure he’s always had a natural talent - but Jungkook has always worked really hard behind the scenes. Jimin will always be impressed by Jungkook.
 
“97! ...98! ...99! ...ughhh 100!” 
 
Jungkook fell back on the ground with his arms above his head and his legs collapsed and spread out. He was breathing so hard and produced so much heat, even Jimin felt a little breathless. 
 
“You ok?”
 
Jungkook licked his lips and kept them open as he breathed in staggered breaths, “Y-Yeah.” 
 
He reached around blindly for his towel on the small bed next to him, too tired to sit up and look. It was cute seeing him that way, but Jimin decided to help him out. He got up and walked around Jungkook’s practically dead body and dropped his small towel on his face. With a big and tired smile, the youngest wiped his face and his neck. It allured Jimin into standing above him and watch him. This time, he was mesmerized by something else.
 
“Why are you going this hard?”
 
Jungkook remained quiet; pretending like he was too occupied with wiping himself down with the towel. But Jimin wouldn’t let him avoid the question.
 
“Jungkook-ah.”
 
Jungkook rolled on his side first before pushing himself up into a sitting position. As he did, he could feel the burn in his abs and sides. He was exhausted, but felt so good. He pressed the towel to his forehead one more time before he started a small cooling off routine.
 
“Sungdeuk 
seonsaeng-nim said- 

ahh

-” he stretched his body, reaching out to grab his toes, “They want me to show my abs in Fake Love. My part in the chorus.”
 
Jimin slowly sat back down at Jungkook’s computer chair and frowned a little. He knew the pressure first hand, and it didn’t go so well with him. Given, this was a very long time ago, and he has grown up, matured, and gained thicker skin; so things like body issues don’t bother him like they used too. But even so, the pressure to keep up that look was devastating to his day to day life. It consumed him, and brought him a lot of unhappiness. And that was the last thing he wanted for his precious maknae.
 
“You’re fine how you are Kook. You don’t need to do anything more,” he said softly but with heavy emphasis; he’s worried.
 
Jungkook cracked a smile as he switched sides and reached for his other set of toes, “I know. But I want to do this.”
 
“Don’t do anything stupid like not eat,” he watched Jungkook carefully.
 
“I’m not like Jiminie.”
 
Jimin reached out with his hand and smacked Jungkook hard on the back. “You brat.”
 
With a chuckle and a lot of wincing Jimin didn’t see, he sat back up and spun around on the floor so he could face his bandmate, “I promise I’ll be careful Hyung.”
 
With a deep sigh, and his eyes scouring Jungkook’s entire body, he nodded, “Fine. But if it gets too much tell me. We don’t need you passing out or anything. I’ll kill you,” he grinned. 
 
With another chuckle and averting his eyes to Jimin’s cute grin, he stood up with a grunt and stretched. “You plan on staying up longer?”
 
“Probably,” Jimin shrugged. “You?”
 
“I’m gonna shower then probably pass out. The hot water feels really good,” he shook his head for the purpose of moving his sweaty bangs off his forehead. 
 
“You gonna be here or come see me,” the elder asked as he got up and comfortablly pat his hand a few times on Jungkook’s chest. His eyes caught on to the fact that Jungkook’s shirt was glued to his body. “I’ll be up like I said,” he looked up to meet his member’s eyes.
 
Jungkook glanced away for a moment, but then glanced back; his stomach doing those weird flip flops whenever Jimin got close. “I don’t know,” he noticed Jimin’s hand still on his chest.
 
Jimin chuckled softly, “Alright then.” He dropped his right hand while the left reached up and massaged Jungkook’s neck. The spot that was special to them. “I’ll see you in my room,” he pressed his thumb a little harder.
 
Jungkook’s eyes almost closed all the way to the gratifying pressure on his neck; a spot that only Jimin seemed to know, and loved exposing. “Ok…” 
 
With a big grin, Jimin slipped his hands in his basketball shorts and headed towards the door. “Don’t take too long.”
 
Jungkook didn’t miss the way his hyung said it like he was begging. It made Jungkook’s eyes fall to Jimin’s lips. Openly staring and licking his own lips, he nodded. 
 
Feeling wholly satisfied with Jungkook’s response and reaction, Jimin puckered his lips into a small kiss before leaving his maknae’s room.




X




Hobi’s random noises echoed the loudest as he stood next to Namjoon and went through the dance moves. “Da! Da da daaa~ And step- Arms- Da!”
 
Jungkook watched through the wall of mirrors as he stretched for the day’s practice. It was gonna be another long one, so he made sure to take extra time on his muscles. Since he’s dancing all day, consecutively, and then works out in his spare time, his body has been aching. 
 
He catches a glimpse of Jimin staring his way and smiles before averting his eyes somewhere else. 
 
Since he told Jimin about his abs part in the choreography, he’s noticed that his cutest Hyung has kept a close watch on him. It makes Jungkook feel special and happy. And it seems to have triggered something inside of him. Because while he has been more open about being close with Jimin and showing affection, lately, he just wants to do it more and more. Even in public; in front of cameras. 
 
As soon as he’s done stretching, he notices that Jimin had already migrated his way closer to him. So it was easy to stand up and take the few steps to get to him. “Hyung is ready for the day?”
 
“I was born ready,” he very gently smacked Jungkook’s butt; more out of habit than anything else.
 
“Don’t make any mistakes,” Jungkook teased; holding up his arms to block a more painful smack coming his way.
 
With a click of his tongue and a smile on his lips, Jimin messed up Jungkook’s hair. “You’re such a brat.”
 
“Not really,” he grinned.
 
Jimin started poking and smaking Jungkook with his palm, giggling as he did. While Jungkook pretended to get hurt and made really dramatic noises. Because everyone knew, making Jimin laugh was Jungkook’s specialty. At this point, their back and forth (flirting), was common to the members, and even some of their staff. So no one did anything as they got lost in their own world of smiles and laughter before the start of practice.




Several hours later, in the middle of Jin’s part towards the end of the song, Taehyung tripped as his shoelaces came untied. Everyone turned to make sure he was ok.
 
“Ahh why!”
 
Jimin giggled at his fellow 95’ best friend, “Taehyungie messed up~”
 
“I’m surprised it was that Hyung…” Jungkook said a bit out of breath, “And not-”
 
But Jimin already caught on and kicked Jungkook’s butt, “Shut up.”
 
Yoongi walked around in a small circle trying to catch his breath as Taehyung continued to tighten his shoelaces. Hoseok watched Jungkook and Jimin silently with his hands on his hips; too used to their shenanigans. While Jin and Namjoon quickly grabbed some water.
 
“Should we start from the beginning?” Jungkook and Jimin were still giggling quietly to each other as Sungdeuk talked to the group. “Or should we start at the part where we stopped?”
 
“Let’s just do the chorus and on. Before Namjoonie’s part. I wanna practice that part more,” Jin spoke up from the back.
 
“You mean Namjoon’s part before Hobi’s? Or before Yoongi?”
 
Jin clicked his finger, “Before Yoongi-ah’s part. When we stand in a line.”
 
“Alright, from Jungkook’s ‘Love you so bad.’ C’mon! Let’s go,” Sungdeuk encouraged with a single loud clap with his hands.
 
“Are your shoes tied right Taetae? Or do you need me to check,” Jimin teased with a big smirk and rosy cheeks.
 
“Yah, ima spank you,” Taehyung’s accent slipped out as he took off his cap to put it on backwards.
 
Jimin giggled as he got in place, his eyes suddenly locking on to Jungkook’s. The youngest was watching with a small smile on his face before he looked down shyly. 
 
“Ahh~ too cute,” Jimin mumbled to himself. 
 
The music started up and the boys’ eyes focused. They wiggled their arms to loosen up their muscles, jumped up and down a bit on their toes, or stretched their necks. Each of them had their own routine or habit before starting the choreography.
 
“Remember to check your spots. Jungkook at center! And-” Sungdeuk clapped to the beat from the side, watching his students carefully.
 
As soon as Jungkook’s part came on, they all looked at their reflections and concentrated on the choreography. It was flawless; each of their arms popping in sync. Nothing out of the ordinary for them. 
 
But for just the smallest of seconds, Jungkook turned his gaze to Jimin. He danced forward and lifted up his button up to reveal his abs. And that second felt like several long minutes. Because Jungkook clearly saw Jimin looking at his abs in the mirror. 
 
With a grin, he smoothly continued the dance.




It wasn’t until close to the end of their practice that Jimin came up to him and smacked his tummy a little. The shirt was a little damp from sweat, but neither one minded it. “You should focus more.”
 
“Says you,” Jungkook retorted; reaching up to lightly pinch Jimin’s nose.
 
Jimin giggled and backed away cutely. Jungkook smiled wide as he wiped his face and neck with a towel. He handed it to Jimin as he bent down to grab a bottle of water. 
 
Jimin started wiping down his sweaty neck with the same towel, “By the way, you gonna shave?”
 
He raised up and quirked an eyebrow, “Shave?”
 
Jimin grabbed the bottle out of Jungkook’s hands, taking a step closer and invading Jungkook’s space. It wasn’t unwelcome, but it did alert all his senses. And that funny flip flop feeling returned. 
 
Jimin poked Jungkook’s chest as he took a swig of water. Jungkook’s eyes again found themselves on Jimin’s lips; wet lips. With his voice low and only meant for Jungkook’s ears, he whispered, “Down there…” With a grin he leaned in, practically pushed up right against his maknae. “Because you don’t want any hair showing right?”
 
Jungkook backed away immediately with his eyes wide and his face practically red. “What?!”
 
Taehyung bounced his way over and nudged Jungkook with his elbow, “What’s going on? What’s going on?”
 
“This guy…” he pointed towards Jimin, who just smirked as he took another sip of water, “This guy is weird.”
 
Taehyung chuckled, “Yeah I know.”
 
Jungkook cracked a smile as he walked away. Because if he stayed close, he’d probably make a fool out of himself, and he was just too tired to do that right now. 
 
But what Jimin had warned him stayed in his head all the way back to the dorm; after dinner and a small meeting. He was suddenly hyper aware and worried that all this time of lifting his shirt, there might have been hair. 
 
So as soon as he finished his abs workout at the dorm and entered the bathroom, he stripped off his shirt and looked at his lower stomach, just above his boxers and sweats. He looked closely at the mirror, squinting his eyes. Then he curled his stomach a bit so he could see for himself, moving his hands up and down to see if he felt any hair. 
 
Honestly, there wasn’t much. He stepped back as far as he could go to see if he could see any hair from where he was standing. He couldn’t. So even if he didn’t shave he’d probably be ok. But Jimin’s voice was in his head. 
 
He shrugged as he turned on the shower and took off the rest of his clothes. Just in case, he’d shave now and make sure to stay shaved till promotions were over. Better safe than sorry.




With only a towel around his waist, he exited the bathroom. He shivered a bit from leaving the makeshift sauna he created in the bathroom. Before he headed to his room, he ventured to the kitchen. He was hungry (again).
 
“You’re not full,” Hoseok chuckled as he passed by the kitchen to get to his room; seeing Jungkook standing in front of the fridge.
 
“I think I sweated it all out Hyung,” he joked as he stood with the fridge door open.
 
“Well don’t keep the door open too long. Food will go bad.”
 
Jungkook chuckled at his useless worry; it was cute. “Ok~” he agreed to appease his hyung. 
 
But not really seeing anything he liked, he decided he shouldn’t eat anyways. He didn’t want useless carbs in his body if he didn’t need it. So with the close of the refrigerator, he grabbed a glass of water instead, then made his way to his bedroom. 
 
He entered his room and closed the door behind him, automatically heading towards his computer. Placing his glass down first, he turned on some music, then headed to his closet. He tossed the towel away in his dirty hamper, getting half of it in. Not really caring, he left it as is, then grabbed some boxers and a plain white shirt. 
 
Changed, he sat down at his computer and opened up Youtube. 




He wasn’t sure how long he was sitting at his computer, but a small knock brought him out of his daze. He blinked a few times and checked the time. 3:42AM.
 
It could only be one person.
 
“Jungkook-ah, I’m bored.”
 
Jungkook spun around slowly in his chair to face his closest member, “Go to sleep Hyung.” He took off his glasses to clean them, seeing Jimin from his peripherals walk closer. “It’s late.”
 
“Then you go to bed,” Jimin pouted. But it didn’t stop him from sitting on Jungkook’s lap. “What were you doing?”
 
A hefty noise came out of Jungkook from the sudden weight in his lap. He moved his legs a bit to make it more comfortable. “Get off,” he said with no threat. “I was just on Youtube.”
 
Jimin twisted his body so he could grab Jungkook’s computer desk and turn them towards the screen. He leaned forward to prop his elbow on the desk and grabbed the mouse; switching between the tabs open on the browser. “Hmm, no games?”
 
“Not tonight,” Jungkook rested his head back and put his hands on Jimin’s waist. 
 
He squeezed only a little bit, and felt the way Jimin twitched. It brought attention to Jimin’s hips and ass. And Jungkook couldn’t look away at how round and plump his ass looked in Jimin’s basketball shorts. He licked his lips and slowly let his hands get a little closer to the juicy muscle.
 
Normally if Jimin was this close in public, the maknae would move away or tease Jimin until he moved away. But in the privacy of his own room, he was comfortable with this closeness. In fact, he prefered it. 
 
They had talked about their relationship before, but had decided to not put any labels on it. They knew their feelings for each other, and they were happy enough with keeping it how it was; no interference from the public and their opinions. Although, Jungkook struggles every now and then about their relationship and the public, but it’s not something he’s shared with anyone. Not even Jimin.
 
Jimin has always been the Hyung Jungkook was closest too; emotionally and physically. Because from the beginning, it was Jimin that looked after him the most. He would be there for him when he was crying and missing his parents. He was there for him when school and being an idol was getting a little too crazy for him. And now, being older, Jimin has been there for him in his confusing feelings in becoming a man.
 
He really loves Jimin; not only as a bandmate and brother, but as a man. Jimin is special.
 
“Wanna play games then? Or no?”
 
Jimin leaned up and shifted his body so he was sitting more sideways on Jungkook so that he could see his face. Jungkook smiled a bit and shook his head, “No… I want to just relax.” He raised his hands and wrapped them around Jimin and pulled him a little closer, “That ok?”
 
Jimin smiled and swished the youngest hair around, “Ok. Wanna go to my room then?” 
 
“We’ll wake up Hobi right?”
 
Jimin pulled far enough away that he could smirk in Jungkook’s face, “Why? Plan on doing stuff that’s loud?”
 
“Ahh~ weird Hyung.”
 
Jimin giggled, “Don’t act like you don’t like it Jungkookie.”
 
And the smile on Jungkook’s face was undeniable. He absolutely loved every aspect of Jimin. “You’re right. I like it.”
 
Jimin stared into Jungkook’s eyes, feeling his heart skip a beat at the small confession. He shifted even more, pushing up the armrests of the chair and straddled the youngest. With a bit of a groan at the back of Jungkook’s throat, he adjusted as well so they were both comfortable. But the growing problem in his boxers would soon become an issue. For the time being, he kept calm with his jaw locked.
 
“Jungkookie. Cutie Jungkookie,” Jimin cooed into his lips as he touched noses.
 
“Jimin…” Jungkook rasped.
 
That was all it took for Jimin to press their lips together heatedly. His hands came up to grab at Jungkook’s plain white shirt just over his shoulders. But his hands didn’t stay there for long before they were shifting into his soft and fuzzy hair. 
 
It smelled like shampoo and lotion the longer Jimin kept his lips pressed against Jungkook. It fueled him and heated his core. Neither of them could stop grinding slowly into each other. Their moans melted together to create one desperate plea for relief. 
 
“Jungkook-ah…” Jimin moaned as he pulled his lips away. He closed his eyes as Jungkook dropped his lips to his neck; by the second Jungkook was getting greedier. “Jungkook-ah... baby…”
 
The younger let his hands start exploring Jimin’s back underneath his shirt, feeling the smooth touch at his fingertips. It made Jimin shiver, smiling wide in happiness and pleasure. The sensation was good for Jungkook as well, because the more he touched Jimin, the more Jimin rolled his hips. The friction was to die for, and they both wanted more. 
 
Desperately, Jungkook kissed his way back to Jimin’s lips as he reached around and started rubbing his nipples. Jimin yelped into the kiss, opening his mouth more for Jungkook to take advantage and swirl his tongue inside of his mouth. His thumbs just rubbed and rubbed until the elder’s nipples were hard nubs; each touch sending shockwaves of pleasure throughout his body. But especially his strained cock. 
 
It was so hard, Jungkook could feel it pressing right against his lower stomach. And he just couldn't help himself. While keeping one hand on Jimin’s nipple, he moved the other to grabbed the large bulge. 
 
“

Ahhh

! Jungkook-ah, baby… 

Mffh

!”
 
Jungkook squeezed a little, and marveled in all of Jimin’s mewls and heavy breathing. There wasn’t anything that could stop him from burning the image and the sounds in his head; Jimin a moaning mess in his lap, eyes half opened, and cheeks flushed. 
 
“You’re so pretty,” Jungkook whispered; eyes glowing in admiration and lust.
 
Jimin smiled wide, feeling a little ditzy at all the pleasure and heat around him. “You think I’m pretty?”
 
“I’ve always thought you were pretty,” he confessed into Jimin’s neck, laying in kiss after kiss.
 
Jimin thrusted into Jungkook’s grasp to feel more pressure, wanting release. He tilted his head and opened his mouth to take in air. “You’re pretty too,” Jimin moaned.
 
Jungkook pulled his lips away and chuckled, “You called me a muscle pig though the other day.”
 
Jimin giggled as well, sitting up, “You’re my muscle pig though.”
 
“Pretty muscle pig?”
 
“Pfft! Yeah. Definitely.”
 
The met in the middle for a passionate kiss; one that only two people desperately in love with each other could give. Jungkook let go of Jimin's hard on and nipple and wrapped his arms around Jimin’s lower back, squeezing for emphasis that Jimin was his. Feeling Jungkook’s strong arms always aroused Jimin to a breaking point. He felt his cock starting to leak at the promise of those strong arms and hands and body taking care of him.
 
“Jungkook-ah… no more… I want it now.”
 
“What do you want,” he rasped at the back of his throat, sounding a lot older than he was. 
 
It sent another wave of goosebumps down Jimin’s body. “I want you.”
 
“Mm,” he nosed his way underneath Jimin’s ear and whispered, “Want me? Want what baby? Hm?” Just for emphasis, he pulled Jimin down by his hips as he thrusted up, making his lover and best friend moan a little too loud. “Shhh,” he chuckled. “Always so loud this Hyung.”
 
Jimin wasn’t too far gone just yet, he lightly smacked Jungkook shoulder and smiled goofily. “Brat.”
 
“So say it. I wanna hear it Hyung,” Jungkook thrusted up again. 
 
Jimin grabbed helplessly at Jungkook’s shoulders to try and steady himself; ground his mind and body before things got too dizzy for him. He opened his eyes lazily and took a few seconds to focus on Jungkook’s gaze. He licked his slightly swollen lips and peeled them open; tantalizing Jungkook. 
 
“I want you to fuck me hard baby. Fuck me with that big cock of yours.”
 
“Fuck…” Jungkook felt himself straining hard underneath Jimin; it was almost painful. “I love it when you talk dirty like that baby. If only ARMY knew you could be so filthy,” he grinned.
 
“They probably wouldn’t know what to do or- ah!” Jimin gasped as Jungkook strung his arms underneath his member’s legs and hoisted him up so he could take him to his bed. 
 
“They probably wouldn’t care. They love you so much already Hyung.”
 
It was only a few steps till Jungkook was lying Jimin down on his bed and kneeling above him. With a heated gaze, he looked down at the meal underneath him. Jimin had his arms above his head, hair messy and fanning his face, cheeks pink and pretty, lips swollen and wet, neck covered in a bit of Jungkook’s spit, shirt raised and exposing his perfect hip line and abs, and his shorts sporting a tent that made Jungkook drool. His boyfriend is to die for, and sometimes Jungkook can’t believe he’s been so lucky.
 
“Do they though? I see so much bad stuff.”
 
Jungkook knew that tone. He knew that look. Jimin has always been sensitive to things out of his control. And it has been something Jungkook has always tried counseling him on; comforting him. But he’s just a kid himself dealing with the same spotlight of being an idol.
 
“Fans… non fans… all that matters is your own thoughts on you.” He shook his head a little, “I mean- You know what I’m trying to say.”
 
Jimin giggled softly, and reached up, signalling his cute younger boyfriend to come closer. Jungkook did so naturally, laying on top and smothering Jimin with kisses and praise.
 
“You’re so perfect Jimin. So pretty. So handsome. Sexy. Mochi sexy.” He felt the tiniest smack on his butt that made him grin. He kissed Jimin’s lips just once before he looked into his eyes; moving his bangs out of the way with his fingers. “The bad can’t compare to all the good Hyung. You taught me that.”
 
“When did you grow up so much,” the elder asked with a bright blush and starry eyes.
 
“Who knows,” Jungkook smirked before going in for another kiss.
 
But he was done talking. The heat that pooled in his groin was starting to become a big problem. For him and for Jimin. So without delaying any more, he lifted his body to make it easier for him to take off Jimin’s basketball shorts and boxers. As he pulled them away, Jimin’s cock sprang free; curved and lay just perfectly against his lower stomach.
 
Jungkook’s eyes zeroed in on it and his mouth watered up. Without wasting more time, he bent his head down, grabbed Jimin’s cock, and sucked it into his mouth. 
 
“

Ahhh

! Fuck!”
 
Jungkook chuckled with Jimin’s cock in his mouth, so didn’t bother teasing him this time at how loud he was. If he was being honest with himself, he already knew that his other member’s we're no strangers to Jimin’s moans. Because not only were they inseparable in public, but they were inseparable in private too. 
 
He swirled his tongue the way Jimin liked it, from the base to the tip, and focused on the tip for a few seconds before licking his way back down. Simultaneously, he lightly cupped Jimin’s balls and rubbed his thighs as well. He’s always liked over stimulating his boyfriend, touching him and giving him as much pleasure as he could. So it wasn’t a surprise to Jimin when he felt Jungkook deep throat his cock.
 
“Jung- Oh! 

Oh

!” He inhaled through his teeth and tossed his head back, reaching into Jungkook’s hair and grabbing handfuls. “Fuck! Jungkook!”
 
His legs kept spazzing out; opening and closing. Jungkook knew it was a sign that Jimin was getting closer to his climax. “Getting close already,” he asked with the tip of Jimin’s dick still at his lips.
 
“Shut up,” Jimin barely responded, out of breath.
 
With a chuckle and a smirk, Jungkook licked one last time at the small bead of precum at the slit before he manhandled Jimin. He grabbed his legs and folded them close to his chest, forcing his ass to be on display.
 
Jimin’s view of Jungkook was a little obstructed, so he craned his neck to the side to try and see what was happening. He whimpered, “Jungkookie… baby… please…”
 
“It’s ok Hyung. Just relax…” And he wasted no time; diving his tongue and mouth right into Jimin’s hole. 
 
“

AHHH

!” 
 
This time Jimin slapped his hands on his mouth and held on tight. But it didn’t stop him from moaning uncontrollably as Jungkook ate him out and fingered his hole. The wet sensation and the stretch was always so satisfying. It wasn’t every day that Jungkook ate him out, so he did his best to really 

feel 

Jungkook’s tongue. It was soothing and sent tingles around his body. It was so damn good. Jimin could cum right now if he really wanted to.
 
“No more. 

Ahh

! I need your cock. Please. 

Mffh

! Jungkook-ah.” Jimin kept rambling as his arms lost their strength to keep his hands on his mouth. They lay above him like a ragdoll; his body felt weightless.
 
Having Jimin a total begging mess, Jungkook felt accomplished. He’s always liked pleasuring Jimin. Nothing beats seeing Jimin looking so fucked out before he was even fucked. And Jungkook found that it was a huge turn on for him. So wanting to get inside of Jimin as fast as he could, he stripped off all of his clothes. 
 
Jimin was still breathless and fixed to the bed, so Jungkook helped him out of his shirt so they were both naked. He stared down at his member’s body. The curve on his waist and hips, the thickness of his thighs, the edges on his chest and abs. Jimin is literally to die for. 
 
“I love you…” Jungkook whispered, mostly to himself. It just kinda slipped out as he stared at the beautiful man on his bed. 
 
“Hurry Jungkookie. Please,” Jimin begged with a rapidly beating heart. 
 
Jungkook didn’t wait any longer and positioned himself close to his partner. He moved Jimin’s legs, bending them once again towards his own chest, while Jungkook’s knees pressed up against his ass and hips. He grabbed his long cock and spit on it. He rubbed it around for a second, moaning a bit at the contact. But with Jimin shaking, he angled his cock at Jimin’s hole and slowly pushed in. 
 
“

Ahh

! Yes… Jimin…” He inhaled sharply between his teeth and bottom lip. “You’re so amazing…”
 
Jimin has always loved praise; in and outside of bed. But when Jungkook gave him praise in bed, nothing could compare. “Do I feel… good?”
 
Jungkook pushed further in, slowly, one inch at a time, before he bottomed out. Jungkook opened his eyes lazily until he was looking at Jimin. Their eyes locked and the world around them disappeared. 
 
“You feel so good baby.” He lifted Jimin’s leg up so that he could kiss his ankle and down his calf. “Always so good. The best baby.”
 
Jimin whined needily at the praise, feeling his cock leak precum out. “Does Jungkookie…”
 
“What baby?”
 
“Does Jungkookie love Jiminie?”
 
Jungkook stopped kissing Jimin’s calf and slowly let his legs down. He hunched over until his chest was pressing against his boyfriends. He kissed Jimin’s soft plump cheek before giving him a chaste kiss on the lips. “You know I do,” he smiled; no longer surprised by Jimin’s baby tone that always came out during sex. “Does Jiminie love Jungkookie?”
 
Jimin nodded quickly as he placed a sloppy kiss at the corner of Jungkook’s lips, “Always.”
 
Jungkook started moving his hips then while his hands planted into the bed on either side of Jimin’s head. It gave him the best view of Jimin’s face as he started fucking him hard. It wasn’t fast just yet, but Jungkook always liked going hard. And Jimin did too. Over the years of experimenting and messing around, they found they have very similar likes in bed. 
 
They both like dirty talk or praise or any kind of communication. And they both love touching and kisses; constantly. As far as fucking goes, Jimin has always liked passionate sex, rough and hard. But he liked holding out for as long as he could. So Jungkook already knows to take things a little slower than he’d like. 
 
“Feel my cock babe? Feel good?”
 
“So good,” Jimin tossed his head to the side; his lips and nose touching Jungkook’s wrist. He couldn’t help himself and just started kissing his arm. “Jungkookie is so good.”
 
The maknae grunted a few times as he pulled out and bottomed out each time. “Fuck. Hyung…. You’re hole…”
 
“S’good?”
 
“Mhm,” Jungkook took in staggered breaths; looking down to see Jimin’s cock bouncing with each thrust.
 
Jimin turned his head back at Jungkook and reached up to start grabbing at his back. His nails were dull, so they didn’t scratch his boyfriend. But they were long enough to leave red lines on his sides and back.
 
“Careful… with marks…”
 
Jimin whined, “That’s the one thing- 

ahh- 

I hate the most.”
 
Jungkook chuckled as he barely increased the pace of his thrusts. The slapping getting a little louder. “Be creative then.”
 
Jimin chuckled back. But became breathless a second later at the shot of pure pleasure as soon as Jungkook found his prostate. “

OH

 Jungkook!”
 
“Found it huh?”
 
“Fuck!”
 
Jungkook watched as Jimin moved his head from side to side, overwhelmed. Another major turn on; Jimin losing all control. No boundaries between them. Jimin at his total mercy. 
 
“Want it again baby?”
 
Jimin nodded almost crazily, his head was just bouncing as Jungkook continued to fuck him relentlessly. Not wanting to disappoint, he angled his hips and slammed in. He pushed harder and fucked Jimin passionately. His hips started snapping forward faster and faster. The older of the two couldn't even think any more. 
 
“Jung- 

mmm

… Yeah. Yeah. 

Oh

 fuck!”
 
“Wanna cum,” Jungkook was breathless but kept up the pace. “Wanna cum so bad…”
 
Jimin slid his hands between them and pushed as hard as he could against Jungkook's stomach. “N-no! Not yet.”
 
“What baby?” He slowed down a little and opened his eyes to make sure his boyfriend was ok. “What's wrong?”
 
“Ride... Lemme ride you,” his Busan accent slipped out.
 
Jungkook grinned as he came to a stop, then quickly shifted them around so he was on his back and Jimin was straddling his lap. They came apart in the process, making Jimin go as fast as he could to get on Jungkook. But his eyes caught sight of something first and he chuckled.
 
“You shaved.”
 
Jungkook looked down as Jimin rubbed his hand over his balls and up to his abs, free of any hair. “Better safe than sorry right?”
 
With a pout Jimin lowered himself and hovered his lips right at Jungkook's erect cock, “Don't get carried away this comeback.”
 
“Jealous?”
 
Jimin licked his lips, “Mine.”
 
He hollowed out his cheeks and sucked Jungkook with a fever. Purposely sucking hard and bobbing his head up and down quickly. Jungkook grunted loudly and croaked out a deep moan. It made Jimin so hot, he popped his mouth off and stared at Jungkook.
 
“You’re so sexy.”
 
“What’s new,” Jungkook lifted his head a bit to smirk before plopping it back down and catching some air.
 
“Confident much,” Jimin chuckled, bringing up a hand to squeeze the base of Jungkook’s cock as he kitten licked the tip. 
 
“Only confident because you say it. So… it's your fault.”
 
“Well use that confidence and fuck me good baby.” 
 
With a light smack to Jungkook's abs, Jimin spit all of his saliva in his mouth on his cock. He maneuvered his body, and held Jungkook's dick in place so he could hover right above it. Looking down, they both watched as Jimin lowered himself. Once an inch was inside, Jimin let go and put both of his hands on his young lovers chest. He scratched with his dull nails and squeezed his eyes shut at the pressure of this position.
 
“Ride me good Hyung. Let me see your dick bounce.”
 
The lewd comments fueled Jimin into bouncing right away. He sat up straight, removing his hands from Jungkook's chest and put them in his hair. He grabbed onto himself tight as he lifted himself up and down. Having amazing strength in his legs thanks to all of his dance training, he had no problem setting a fast pace. He sucked in Jungkook's cock and felt it pressed hard against him. 
 
“Look at you baby. So so pretty,” Jungkook watched with his hands under his head; smirk in place. 
 
“What else,” Jimin asked breathlessly; eyes barely opened.
 
“Look at these thighs,” Jungkook couldn’t help but spank both his thighs and squeeze, “So sexy. I love your thighs the most.”
 
“What about,” Jimin gulped as he bounced hard and had his prostate stimulated, “My ass?”
 
Jungkook sat up so that he could reach around and spank Jimin’s fat and round ass. He molded it and kneaded the fatty muscle in his hands while his mouth found a spot on Jimin’s neck. He couldn't help himself and started moving his hips in time with Jimin’s. 
 
“Oh you're right. You're so right.” He licked his tongue up Jimin’s neck, “Your ass is fucking amazing. 

Ahh

! So thick and perfect.”
 
Jimin wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck and held on tight as Jungkook took control once again. He squeezed Jimin by his hips and slammed him down as he fucked up hard. Needing a better angle, Jimin shifted his legs so he could wrap them around Jungkook's body, thus making it easier for his strong boyfriend to pick him up and down.  Honestly though, Jungkook was strong enough he could have picked up Jimin in any position and continue to fuck him.
 
“Oh God! 

Yes

! Jungkook-ah!” His teeth clattered a bit as he talked, so he bit down on his fat bottom lip.
 
“You gonna c-cum for me? Huh? Baby Jiminie gonna cum?”
 
“Yes baby! 

Yes

! Gonna cum! Wanna cum!”
 
“Shall we…” Jungkook gulped, feeling some sweat drip down his face, “Cum together?”
 
Jungkook bounced Jimin on his dick like a ragdoll; slaps of skin echoing in the otherwise quiet room. Breathing and gasps of air dripping from their mouths. Jimin couldn't find any words. He was too focused on his prostate getting slammed and his cock ready to burst. Pleasure consumed him.
 
Jungkook squeezed Jimin’s sweaty body to his own and shut his eyes tight. Desperately he moaned into Jimin’s ear. “Jimin-ssi…”
 
“

AahHH

!”
 
Jimin came hard, splattering strings of his cum in between their bodies. His dick pulsed and his hole clenched. Jungkook felt the indescribable euphoric feeling and came hard; so much so he felt it spilling out between his cock and the wall of muscle. But that didn’t stop him from stuttering his hips a bit more, to allow himself the full release. 
 
Jimin lay completely still on his boyfriend, allowing Jungkook to do all the work and hold him up. The only thing he had energy for was trying to get as much air as he could. Otherwize, he was feeling pretty great. Ticks and sparks ignited his body, like small fireworks. Even his toes tingled. Nothing felt as good as this. It’s no wonder Jimin clings to him so much. 
 
Even as Jungkook falls back on the bed, Jimin follows suit, hugging Jungkook tightly. He at least shifts his head so it’s tucked underneath Jungkook’s. He curls his arms in and closes his eyes as he lets his body come down from the high. 
 
“Tired…”
 
“Sweaty,” Jungkook chuckled.
 
Jimin tiredly chuckled as well; eyes still closed and made no movement to get up. But Jungkook didn’t care. These were some of the best moments of his life. When time slowed down and it was just them. Nothing holding them back from their obvious love and passion. Here, they could truly be themselves and in love. 
 
“Shower now or the morning?”
 
“Mmm… lemme think,” Jimin said sleepily.
 
With a soft smile, Jungkook shifted their bodies so they were on their sides and slowly peeled himself away. Jimin frowned and quietly whined, but otherwise stayed where he was at as Jungkook reached around for his t-shirt. He wiped them both off before discarding the shirt once again to the floor.
 
“Morning then.”
 
“Mhm,” Jimin nodded.
 
Jungkook got closer and turned Jimin around so that he could spoon him properly. Their skin was still a little hot and sweaty, but he didn’t really care. He hugged his boyfriend anyways and nosed his way close to Jimin’s ear. 
 
“You know, if we do more of that… I won’t need to do any exercising for this comeback.”
 
“Pffft. Oh yeah?”
 
“Yeah,” Jungkook smirked then kissed Jimin’s ear. 
 
With a small smack to Jungkook’s arm, Jimin relaxed completely. “Then I guess we have no choice huh? Just try and not be too obvious

 out there.

”
 
“No promises,” he cuddled, 

“Jimin-ssi.”

End



Afterword


End Notes
soo this is my second time doing this cuz it totally failed posting the first time. anyways! i saw a post on tumblr and this fic was born. Nothing too crazy, just a lot of cute flirting and heavy sexy time. lol I hope you enjoyed it ^^ please forgive any typos!oh and expect Minnie In Love update soon!Please be happy! - Miya


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



