



Family Is Everything To - maia_b - Shadowhunters TV The
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Family Is Everything To Me
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10060754.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M, M/M
Fandom:
Shadowhunters (TV), The Mortal Instruments Series - Cassandra Clare
Relationship:
Malec - Relationship, Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood, Alec Lightwood & Madzie, Magnus Bane & Madzie
Character:
Alec Lightwood, Magnus Bane, Madzie (Shadowhunters TV), Catarina Loss, Jace Wayland
Additional Tags:
Angst, Fluff, Domestic, post 2x10, Mid-Season Finale, Episode: s02e10 By the Light of Dawn, Adoption, Parents Magnus Bane/Alec Lightwood
Stats:

        Published: 2017-03-08
          Completed: 2017-03-29
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 8362
      

Family Is Everything To Me
by maia_b
Summary
Aftermath of 2x10: By the Light of Dawn.   There was a moment silence before Alec spoke again, this time his voice was softer, almost hesitant, as if he were unsure he should be saying it, “I want to see Madzie.” Magnus hummed in response but did not interrupt. Alec took this as a sign and continued, “To make sure she’s okay.”




Promise?



It had been a long, tiring day for both Alec and Magnus after Valentine attacked the New York Institute. Both were exhausted, and after helping to round up all the fallen and heal the injured in the aftermath of Valentine’s attack, Magnus and Alec were finally settling in for the night; although it was technically the next day.They had decided it be best if they stayed there for the night; neither of them felt like making the trip to the loft and Alec refused to allow Magnus to portal them home.Which is how they found themselves in Alec’s room in the institute; although Alec did not consider it his anymore; It did not feel like home anymore. Most, if not all, of his valued belongings, were at Magnus’. The only thing left behind were the sheets, furniture, and bland decoration that adorned the rest of the institute.Alec was changing the sheets on the bed and Magnus was in the ensuite bathroom removing his makeup and rings.Once he was done, he returned to the bedroom and began discarding his battle-worn clothing. He no longer felt the need to change out of Alec’s presence.Alec had already changed into a pair of Jace’s sweatpants and was sitting on the left of the bed, propped up against two pillows, deep in thought.Both remained silent; not an uncomfortable one. But rather one that was calm and reassuring.Alec finally broke the silence when Magnus joined him under the covers. It was a tight fit, their limbs were intertwined and they could feel each other’s breath and the heat of their skin. Alec placed his head on the crook of Magnus’s neck; his skin was warm and smelled of a warm burning fire with a hint of spice. The scent was so familiar and unique, it made him feel instantly calm and at home. The light patch of stubble on his chin and jaw tickled the skin of Magnus’ shoulder.Alec smiled, closing his eyes and letting out a content sigh. He was finally able to relax. His muscles had been tense and rigid from the moment he thought his worse fear had come true.His mind flashed back to the moment, painfully recollecting every second of fear and desperation.He had been trapped in the elevator when he heard the collective screams of hundreds.’No,’ he breathed. His stomach had dropped, it felt as if his heart was in his throat and he couldn’t breathe, and a cold spread throughout his body.He had never felt such panic, worry, and fear.He kept repeating 'No, No, No, No…Please, God no,’ as if it would quell the fact that his worse fear had not just occurred. He could not evoke exactly how he managed to escape. All he remembers is running through the institute, desperately searching every room and every corner.He came to a stop when he saw Clary and Jace, who was clutching the sword. He didn’t even have time to process how Jace holding the sword. He just needed to find Magnus, he needed to see him, feel his warmth, hear his voice.He needed to know he was wrong.When he found him, he immediately embraced Magnus he needed to make sure he was real. He has felt so many emotions all at the same time. The most prominent being relief and love….he loved him. He loved everything about Magnus and he had to tell him because who knows what tomorrow; their world was unpredictable.He was brought out of his thoughts by feeling the bed shift next to him and the heat next to him disappear.Magnus had climbed out of bed and turned off the light on the ceiling, leaving only the bedside table lamp on. The room was now bathed in dim, warm glow.Magnus returned to the bed this time he had scooted down so he was flat on his back. Alec followed suit and returned his body to its place in Magnus’ arms.Magnus looked at him directly, smiling softly, “Are you alright?” concern flashed in his eyes.Alec swallowed hard, trying to suppress the emotions that had resurfaced with the memory.“Yeah,” he replied,Magnus, however, was not convinced. “You don’t need to worry darling, everyone is safe. Valentine was detained.” he caressed the side of Alec’s face.Alec sighed, “I know, I just—“ he paused, taking a big breathe then continued. “I don’t ever want to go through that again. The feeling I felt when I realized the soul sword had been activated and that you were…” he could not finish his sentence, he couldn’t bring himself to say the word out loud.Magnus swiped his thumb over Alec’s cheek, catching a fallen tear. “I’m right here and I’m not going anywhere.” He reassured Alec softly.“Promise?” Alec asked, his voice shaking and cracking.“I promise.” he assured, wholeheartedly.There was a moment silence before Alec spoke again, this time his voice was softer, almost hesitant, as if he were unsure he should be saying it, “I want to see Madzie.” Magnus hummed in response but did not interrupt. Alec took this as a sign and continued, “To make sure she’s okay.”Magnus wrapped his left arm around Alec’s torso; encasing Alec in the familiar warmth even more.Magnus smiled fondly at his boyfriend, “Alexander, Catarina looks after children every day.” he said, "I trust she will take excellent care of Madzie; otherwise I would not have taken her there. You don’t need to worry, darling.”“I know,” Alec paused, rubbing his hands over the stubble on his chin, “I just– I want to make sure that’s she safe– after everything Valentine put her through. I just need to know.” Alec sighed.Magnus nodded in understanding, not needing to push the topic any further, “Okay. We can go as soon we have everything here taken care of here.”Alec smiled, “Thank you.”“No need to thank me. Good night, darling.”“Goodnight.” Alec replied with a content sigh, “I love you.” He felt Magnus’ lips press against his, lingering for a bit.“I love you too,” Magnus replied, smiling, his cat eyes glistening with happiness.Alec watched as Magnus closed his eyes and fell asleep almost instantly. He watched him sleep for a few moments; just taking him in. He wanted to commit every feature on his face and body to memory. Soon after he also fell into a much-needed, deep, slumber.



Not Your Fault
Chapter Summary
Alec and Jace have a much-needed conversation following the events of 2x10
Chapter Notes
I listened to Goner by Twenty One Pilots (both the piano and the original version) to set the mood for this chapter. Feel free to do so if you wanna :) 
It's gonna get emotional hold your horses, kids...and I hope you enjoy :)



Alec woke with the sun beaming through the sheer curtain. He groaned in pain, not opening his eyes just yet. His body felt as if someone had run him over with a road roller and his muscles burned, not in the way they did when he trained. He did not want to move a single muscle, if he had his way, he and Magnus would stay in bed for the next week. Despite the aches and pains he felt, his mind was calm. He felt at peace where he was, wrapped in Magnus’ warm embrace, surrounded by his scent. It felt like home.
However, Alec knew that he had to leave the room at some point, sooner rather than later. But, right now he’d do anything to postpone that.
He opened his eyes, just enough to see the number on the alarm clock to his right. The blinding bright red numbers blinked 9:24 am.
Alec should be getting up and go oversee the damage the Institute had sustained. But, he couldn’t bring himself to get up. ‘ One more hour,’ he bargained. He closed his eyes and turned to face Magnus, who was fast asleep; his jet black hair sticking up in all directions, his forehead was devoid of their usual worry lines, and there was a slight pout on his lips.
Alec smiled, he loved being able to see Magnus in such a state; looking gentle, adorable, and peaceful.
He eventually fell back asleep while gazing at Magnus.
 

 
 
The next time Alec awoke it wasn’t because the sun decided to poke through the curtain as if to say ‘Get up, bitch. If I’m up then so are you.’ Instead, he was met with the feeling of Magnus’ lips placing little kisses on his skin, slowly making their way down his neck onto his torso.
Alec hummed pleasantly. He opened his eyes to see Magnus reach his collar bone. He placed a kiss there, this time leaving his lips on his heated flesh longer than the previous kiss.
Magnus finally glanced up at Alec, through his luscious eyelashes, a playful smile playing on his lips. He continued to place kissed on Alec’s skin, this time teasingly slow.
Alec groaned in frustration, causing Magnus to smirk deviously, and continue down his abdomen until he reached dark trail of hair below his belly button.
“Magnus.” Alec moaned in frustration. whilst reaching down to Magnus’ head and tugging on his hair. This caused Magnus to moan and took up at Alec, “All in due time, darling.” He winked, the devious smirk never leaving his lips.  
Alec let out a frustrated another frustrated moan and let his head fall back on his pillow.
 

 
An hour later, Magnus and Alec finally emerged from Alec’s bedroom; both sated and content despite the tense and hectic atmosphere they encountered when they exited.
It was eerily quiet in the hall, no signs of his siblings anywhere. Alec grabbed Magnus’ as they made their way down the hall; the two remained quiet, with small content smiles playing their lips. As they descended down the stairs they could slowly start to hear people walking, moving things, and quiet conversations.
When they approached the entrance of the cloister, they saw Clary, Isabelle Jace, Simon, Raj and the remaining Shadowhunters were moving the fallen Downworlders onto gurneys, mostly like preparing them to be taken to their respective families. The only ones who remained were the bodies of fallen Shadowhunters.
They approached the group in silence.
Clary was the first the first to notice their presence. “Alec, Magnus.” She said brightly, a welcoming smile forming on her lips. Jace turned at the mention of his Parabatai.
He hesitantly abandoned his post and followed Clary and Isabelle, his gaze shifting to the ground and his shoulders slumped heavily with guilt
Isabelle was the first to reach the two and immediately embraced Alec in a bone crushing hug. Alec did not mind, he welcomed it, it let him know that they were all still there, that they had survived.
“I’m so glad you guys are okay,” She sighed in relief. Alec smiled down at her, taking in her appearance, some of the color had come back to her skin making the bags under eyes less noticeable. Her hands shook less as well and from how slowly she walked to him, Alec could tell was still weak. He couldn’t help but flashback to the previous night when she had fainted in his arms after rescuing him on the roof ––she looked like she would collapse at any second and how her how her hands shook like a leaf.
He closed his eyes,  “Me too,” he said quietly.
Izzy was the first to let go of the embrace, moving to stand next to her brother, her arms wrapped around herself and her shoulders sagged a little. But, the smile remained on her face.
Alec turned to the others stood in front of him. His gaze immediately fell to Jace, who stood next to Clary, gone was his usual confident stance and his smug attitude. Instead, all he saw was foggy eyes filled with regret, fear, and shame.
Jace immediately looked down refused to meet his eyes. Instead, he kept his gaze locked onto the craft rune embossed on the tiled floor.
Alec silently enveloped Jace in a firm embrace, Jace’s face lodged against Alec’s shoulder. His eyes finally shining with the regret that had been harboring within him since Alec burst into the room looking for Magnus after he had activated the soul sword.
Clary, Magnus, and Isabelle watched the two with sympathetic and understanding smiles. They turned their gazes elsewhere, giving Jace and Alec their privacy.
Jace let out a quiet sniffle as tears streamed freely down his cheeks. Alec tightened his embrace of his Parabatai. Jace buried his face further into Alec’s shirt, trying to hide his obviously red-rimmed eyes and the tears staining his cheeks.  
“It’s okay, Jace.” Alec murmured, his tone barely above a whisper. Jace tried to protest but was cut off by Alec speaking once again, his tone firm, but not with anger, “It wasn’t your fault. You are not to blame for this. Valentine did this. This is all his fault.”
Jace let go of Alec and bit his lip, trying to keep his tears at bay, then spoke again, his voice was strained and low, “But if I hadn’t touched the sword, no one would be...I  could have saved them.” He screamed in agony, defeat etched in every line of his face.
Alec’s eyes were brimming with unshed tears,“And what about you, Jace.” Alec fumed, his voice thick and hoarse, “You’d be dead right now, Jace. Dead…." He sighed deeply through his nose, his eye bore into Jace's pleadingly, "Have ever stopped to think what would happen if it were you the one lying on that floor?.... Or how everyone you left behind would fare? How I would fare?” He was full on crying now, his cheek stained and red and his lips quivered.
Jace stood there wordlessly, his body limp, his lips quivering and his eyes drooping and swollen.
Alec continued, not waiting for Jace to reply, “ I’d be devastated,  completely  lost  if you had died….You’re my P  arabatai  , Jace. My   brother .”
Jace’s lips quivered and a new wave of tears poured out of his eyes, “I’m so sorry,” he implored.  
Alec simply pulled him into a hug. “It’s okay. You’re  okay.” he rubbed soothing circles on Jace’s back like Maryse used to when they were younger, “Valentine can’t get to any of us. He’s the Clave’s problem now.” 
After a few minutes, they let go of their embrace. Jace straightened up, returning to his usual tall and confident stance, and he wiped the moisture from his cheeks.
He turned to the others, Clary and Isabelle both had tears streaming down their faces. 
Isabelle went forward and embraced Jace in the same fashion she had done earlier; squeezing him with all her might. 
“I love you, big brother. Never forget that,” she said.
Jace smiled the first real smile since yesterday, “I love you too, Iz.”
They all made their way the seating area in silence. None of them could bring themselves to say anything. It was not an awkward silence, though. It was comforting, it was pleasant. It was the first moment of real peace they’d collectively had in almost a week.
Jace sat on side of the sofa and pulled Isabelle next to him, he still could not bring himself to talk to Clary passed pleasantries, let alone sit next to her, he still felt conflicted and heartbroken over the whole Clary situation.
Isabelle embraced Jace’s right arm and laid her head on his shoulder.
Clary silently sat next to Isabelle, still utterly confused as to why Jace was being so cold towards her; it’s like they were back to square one all over again. It left her utterly frustrated.
Jace turned his attention to Alec and Magnus, who were sat in the loveseat across from him Magnus had an arm draped across Alec’s left shoulder, rubbing soothing circles on Alec’s upper arm. Alec was sitting forward with elbows on his knees and his arms crossing at the wrists.
Jace cleared his throat, “What are you guys doing today?” he asked, his voice still rough.
Alec looked at Jace then at Magnus, his brows furrowing, “I thought we’d be spending the day cleaning up and taking care of things with the Clave.”
Jace smiled, of course, Alec would put aside his well being to do what’s expected of him, “I’ll take care of that; you guys should go home and rest; Magnus, is probably tired from how much magic he used. You too, Alec, you should take a break to recuperate.” He offered.
Alec rolled his eyes, “If we’re going off that principle then we should all be resting,” His face was set. He leaned back, sitting upright, and placed his hand on Magnus’ knee out of habit. “There’s so much paperwork I have to take care of.” He glanced towards where the fallen were.
“That can wait. They’re not going anywhere.” Jace deadpanned.
“But, The Clave––” “The Clave can wait.” He interjected firmly, “I’m sure they’ve got their hands full with Valentine and his followers at the moment, anyway.”
“He’s right, Alec.” he heard Clary say softly from his right.
Alec turned to Magnus, wondering if he too would object Alec’s input. Magnus nodded his head and said, “He’s right darling.” smiling lovingly at Alec.
Alec sighed, “Fine.” he conceded.  
Jace smiled triumphantly, standing from the sofa.
Alec and Magnus stood in unison, Alec took Magnus’s as soon as he was on his feet.
“But, if  anything happens, call me,” Alec demanded.
Jace rolled his eyes, “We’ll be fine, bro. Don’t you trust me?” he smiled widely, a little smirk playing on his lip, opening his arms and engulfing Alec in another hug.
Alec let out a laugh against Jace’s shoulder, “Of course I do,” he replied, “It’s Aldertree and the  Clave I don’t trust.”
“We’ll take care of him,” Clary reassured, rising from her seat. Isabelle followed suit, “He has no power here anymore,” Izzy said with a smirk.
After being reassured for the billionth time that they could handle everything, Alec finally felt safe to leave. He and Magnus made their way to the main foyer hand in hand, where Magnus a started to open a portal. Alec tried to protest saying he’d used enough magic but Magnus simply ignored him and opened the portal.
Alec sighed and rolled his, going through the portal without another word. Magnus chuckled at his boyfriend as, he too, stepped through the portal.
 



Stop the World and Melt With You
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Alec and Magnus stepped through the portal and into the living room. 

Magnus closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, “Aahh home...at last.” He was finally able to properly relax because, no matter how much time he spent at the institute, he sometimes still felt unwelcome and as if the people around his were watching his every move. 

He made his way to the drink cart and pouring himself some scotch. 
“Feels nice to be back, safe,” Alec replied, peeling his leather jacket off his body then hanging it on the coat rack by the front entrance. Kicking off his shoes and placing them neatly next to the coat rack.Alec made his way to the living room and sat on the couch; his posture went slack, his head rested on the back of the couch. He turned his head to face Magnus ––who had been gazing at with sultry eyes since he saw him bend over, effectively causing his pants to become even tighter.Alec caught on to Magnus’ gaze and smirked knowingly. He reached out with his left hand and beckoned Magnus to the spot next to him.Magnus happily obliged.
He set down his drink on the glass coffee table in front of him then swiftly turned his body and attention to Alec. He smiled warmly, his gaze held such intense love and affection, and traced his thumb along the lite smattering of stubble on Alec’s jaw. 

Alec smiled just as warmly, the same intense emotions present in his gaze. He placed his hand on Alec’s right thigh and began tracing random patterns. 

Magnus tilted his head and leaned forward steadily and placed his lips on Alec’s soft ones. Alec responded immediately, placing his right hand on Magnus’ neck and the other on top of Magnus’ hand that was on the top of the couch. 

This kiss was different. It was soft and gentle; no trace of urgency or desperation. He did not feel express everything he was feeling in one kiss. 

They were able to take their time, exploring each other thoroughly as if one was afraid the other would disappear tomorrow. 
Alec sighed contently into the kiss; he could spend all day like this and if the shadow world wasn’t falling apart; he’d gladly sit here all day in Magnus’ warm embrace, soaking in each others presence.Sometimes Alec wishes he could just stop time or portal to another dimension and pretend that he lived a different life. A life where he could spend an eternity with Magnus without having to think about how some day he’d perish, leaving Magnus behind. He wouldn’t have to imagine what it would be like for Magnus to have to cope with his death, alone.
Magnus pulled away, causing Alec to pout.  

Alec rested his forehead against Magnus’ softly. His gaze immediately locked with Magnus’. Alec leaned again in and placed a peck on Magnus’ warm pink ones. He mumbled, “I love you,” against his lips. 

Magnus smiled, “I love you too.” he sighed happily, he felt so at home right where he was, it had been so long since he had felt this way with someone. Sometimes he was still astounded that the man in front of him loved him, that such a handsome and wonderful, and amazing man had come into his life. He felt so lucky. 

Magnus could feel Alec’s breath on his neck, “Whatcha thinking about in there, Mags?” Alec pondered.  

“You,” Magnus whispered affectionately. Seconds passed and he suddenly felt a yawn forming and covered his mouth with his hand. 

Alec smiled fondly in response, he loved the little crinkles on the side of his eyes that formed when he yawned or laughed, it was just one the many things about Magnus he loved. 

“Looks like someone could use a little catnap,” Alec teased. Magnus snorted dryly in response.

Alec took both Magnus’ hands in his and stood, bringing Magnus along with him.  

Magnus vanished the drink on the table to the kitchen sink with a simple flick of his wrist and followed Alec. 

They entered the comfort of their bedroom; it was bathed in a soft amber glow coming from the floor lamp to their right and the fiery and musky scent of the incense permeated their noses. 

The first thing Magnus did was unbutton his black and white shirt until his muscular upper body was on display, then threw in in the hamper in the corner. 

Meanwhile, Alec glided to his side of the bed and placed this stele and cell phone on the nightstand.
“What time do you want to visit Madzie tomorrow?” He inquired, reaching behind him and pulling his jumper off, tossing it haphazardly on one of the beige chairs situated in front of their bed. Soon after his pants were thrown alongside his jumper.Magnus was stood in front of his vanity removing his rings and earcuffs. He glanced at Alec through the mirror, smirking devilishly at Alec’s state of undress.
“I was thinking after lunch,” Magnus answered then made his way to the bed. He got under the covers and immediately gravitated towards Alec’s warm body; placing his head on Alec’s shoulder and his right hand on his abdomen; lazily drawing random patterns on his smooth skin

Alec’s body shivered in pleasure every time Magnus’ fingertips grazed his lower abdomen. 

“Okay.” 

Magnus let out another yawn. 

Alec chuckled, “Sleep.” he ordered, “I’ll be here when you wake up.” 

Magnus closed his eyes and nuzzled deeper into Alec’s shoulder. He let a final deep breath and slowly drifted into a calm sleep to the feeling of Alec slowly tracing his right bicep up and down in soothing motions. 




Chapter End Notes
short, i know, im sorry. but dont fret MADZIE IS COMING NEXT CHAPTER


Unexpected Visitor's and Decisions
Chapter Summary
Alec and Magnus FINALLY visit Madzie
Chapter Notes
I'm sorry this has taken so long; the visit was originally supposed to be the second chapter but the I decided Jace and Alec needed to have that conversation. Anyway, I hope you enjoy!!! let me know what you think




The next day, Magnus had woken before Alec, so he took advantage of the fact that he was still asleep to surprise him with for breakfast.

He slipped on a pair of red silk bottoms and quietly padded his way to the kitchen. Chairman followed him silently.

Once he reached the kitchen, he began making chocolate chip pancakes with whipped cream, Alec’s favorite, and then blueberry pancakes. Then he moved onto the bacon, which Alec preferred crispy rather than soft. Lastly, he brewed them both their usual coffee, Alec’s being just black coffee and Magnus’ a latte.

Once all the food was done and on plates, he sent it to the table on the rooftop patio, Magnus fed his cat his breakfast.

He looked around the kitchen surveying the mess he’d created; he’d taken to making breakfast the old fashion, no magic, because Alec said he liked watching his boyfriend bustle about the kitchen, cooking for them while humming under his breath. Seeing him be so domestic brought Alec joy.

With another simple gesture, the kitchen was clean and in order; leaving Magnus free to relax and wait until Alec woke.

He made his way towards the couch and turned on the tv, flipping to an episode of 
The Real Housewives of Orange County. He made himself comfortable with his cup of coffee nestled between his hands on his lap and soon he was immersed in the melodrama on the screen.

One hour, and three episodes of The Real Housewives, later, Magnus finally heard movement coming from the bedroom:  Alec had finally woken up.

When his footsteps reached the living room, he looked around in search of Magnus and stopped when his gaze found him sitting on the couch in front of the tv.

He smiled brightly and glided towards the couch. He stopped just behind the couch, bent down and nuzzled his face against Magnus’ neck. His hands went to his bare chest, resting against the warm skin of his abs. He began planting soft kisses on Magnus’ from his collarbone to his ear.

Magnus jumped in surprise; he had been so engrossed in the lives of the Real Housewives that he had not heard Alec, come into the room, much less wake-up.

After the initial shock wore off, Magnus smiled and relaxed into Alec’s touch; his left hand joined Alec’s on his abdomen and the other weaved itself into the Shadowhunter’s silky black mane.  
Magnus felt a shiver go down his spine as Alec kissed the skin of his neck. He bit his lower lip and murmured, “Good morning,”
Alec bit the cartilage of Magnus’ right ear, “Good morning.” he whispered hotly. His breath tickled Magnus skin and a shiver once again ran through his body.

Magnus tilted his head, causing Alec’s head to shift. Now the two were face to face. Magnus leaned up and captured Alec’s lip in a gentle and warm kiss.

Alec stood straight again and proceeded to stretch his back; his ab muscles constricting at the movement.

“Is there any coffee left?” Alec asked.

Magnus’ eyes raked up and down Alec’s exposed chest. 

Magnus’ eyes sparkled at his question. He smiled and stood from the couch and made his way to Alec’s side. “Come with me, darling,” he said taking Alec’s hand in his.

Alec silently followed Magnus with curiosity gleaming in his eyes. 

The closer they got to the patio, the more confused and curious Alec got. “Why are we going to the–” before he could finish his question, Magnus had opened the french doors to reveal the table full of food.

The smell of all the food in the air wafted together to form a mouth-watering aroma. Alec smiled; He could not remember the last time someone had surprised him like this for no reason.

Magnus turned to Alec, gauging his face for his reaction. Alec’s face was frozen in place, still utterly flabbergasted.

Magnus moved away from his place next to Alec, “Shall we?” he outstretched his hand for Alec to take.

He placed his hand in Magnus’ and Magnus led them to the table. 

They sat down at the table in a comfortable silence. Magnus plated three chocolate chip pancakes and a heap of bacon with eggs on Alec’s plate; just how he like it. Alec smiled at Magnus as he watched him plate his food. Sometimes the absolute domesticity that was his Magnus’ relationship still astounded him. A year ago if someone had told him that he’d be this happy and at peace with who he is and who he chose to love, Alec would have laughed straight in their face. Never before in his life had he thought he’d ever have the opportunity to be truly 

in love. 

But then the beautiful warlock sitting in front of him quite literally barged into his life and turned it upside down. And Alec could not be happier.

And, It was these simple moments of solitude and simplicity that he cherished the most. 

After all, they were quite the luxury in the midst of a war.

He was shaken out of his revery by a gentle and warm hand grasping his hand, “Are you alright, darling?” he heard Magnus ask softly. His voice was so gentle it might sound out of character to an outside who only knew Magnus as The High Warlock of Brooklyn. To Alec however, it was such a familiar and soothing sound. It brought tingles of calm down his spine and left a serene smile on his lips. 

Alec smiled and softly began rubbing his thumb in circular motions on the back of his boyfriend’s tan hand, “I’m great,” he murmured happily, “I’ve never been better.” and he meant it. 
Magnus took a sip of his coffee then cleared throat and suddenly Alec felt his whole demeanor become serious.
“There’s something that’s been on the back of my mind.” 

Alec froze, every time Magnus said that Alec felt a chill run through his spine and

 ‘this is it, he’s gonna break up with me,’ 

even though he knew that that was absolutely ridiculous.

He swallowed sharply, nearly choking on the breath he let out afterward,“What is it?” he asked apprehensively,

Magnus twiddled his fingers in front of him, his face pensive, “Is there... another reason you want to go see Madzie?” he stopped speaking every few syllables, making sure to choose his words carefully and calculated. 
Alec stayed still for a moment his body frozen in shock, for a totally different reason this time. The breath he had been holding came out as relief washed over him.He let out a breathy laugh, causing Magnus to swallow hard with worry. “I’m sorry. I just that I–” he paused contemplating his words again. Having spent the majority of his life being told what do or what he wanted often unable to honor his true feelings and desires. So when it came moments like this, he was often left unable to say anything because he’d become so used to other’s speaking for him.
Magnus picked up his cutlery and proceeded to cut his stack of pancakes, “So, is there a reason?” he raised an eyebrow while taking a bite of his blueberry pancakes.

Alec finished chewing his bite of chocolate chips pancakes, meanwhile contemplating his answer carefully.

“Um, I just–” he ran his tongue along his upper lip pensively, “She’s been through so much with Iris and then Valentine. I just want her to have a stable home where I know she’ll be taken care of and loved.”

“And she will have all that, darling. You don’t need to worry, Catarina is one of my oldest friends, I know she will take great of Madzie."

Alec eyes filled with even more worry, “But what happens if she can longer care for her?” he stammered, his thoughts running faster than his mouth, “What then? Where is she suppose to go?”

Magnus looked at Alec with furrowed brows and eyes shining with affection and grasped his boyfriend’s hand in his in an attempt to quell its shaking.

Magnus gave Alec’s hand a gentle squeeze, “She will be fine.” he reassured, looking deeply into Alec’s eyes,  “Catarina would not have taken her in if she was not capable of caring for her. Trust me.” 
Alec frowned and ran his hand through his hair, still did satisfied with Magnus’ words, instead, his distress seemed to escalate, “I want to make sure she had a permanent home. Somewhere she knows she won’t have to leave.”
Magnus stopped for a moment; taking in Alec’s words ’

A permanent home’. 

Suddenly, Magnus understood what Alec was implying, “You want Madzie to live with 

us.

” he stated. 
Alec closed his eyes for a moment, not moving, then slowly, almost reluctantly, nodded his.
Magnus smiled at Alec, once again completely taken aback by his boyfriend. He was full of surprises. Wonderful surprises.

But, he still held some reservations in his mind, “Are you absolutely sure, Alexander?” he asked pointedly, “Looking after a child is a lot of work; it won’t be just and me anymore.” 
Alec rolled him, “It hasn’t been just you and me since Jace barged in.” he stated with a huff of disdain. Even though he could never truly hate his Parabatai, especially for something completely out of his control. He could not help but feel slightly irritated that Jace’s constant presence and his….extracurricular activities effectively prevented him from being alone with his boyfriend.
“I’m sure,” Alec responded firmly, then added, “Not that I don’t trust Catarina.” almost as an afterthought. 
Magnus smiled brightly at Alec, who returned it with equal enthusiasm and affection, “Alright, it’s settled then. We’ll portal straight after breakfast.”
“Thank you. I love you.” Alec murmured, leaning forwards planting a kiss on Magnus’ lips with a smile.

Magnus smiled against his lover’s and murmured, “I love you too, Alexander. So much.”

“I’m sure,” Alec responded firmly, then added, “Not that I don’t trust Catarina.” almost as an afterthought. 
Magnus smiled brightly at Alec, who returned it with equal enthusiasm and affection, “Alright, it’s settled then. We’ll portal straight after breakfast.”
Alec pressed a soft kiss to Magnus’ lips. His lips spread into a grin against Magnus’ soft warm lips, “Thank you,”

“You are unbelievable, Magnus Bane. You know that?” Alec murmured against the warlock’s lips.

“I love you,” Alec said, the words once making his butterflies flutter inside him. He would never get tired of saying those words to Magnus or the look on his face when he said it. Magnus still felt utterly shocked when he heard Alec say those words, even though he’d heard him say it several times in thelast two days. 

He’d never get tired of hearing it or saying it.

The two returned to their breakfast while, carrying out a steady stream of comfortable conversations as the sun slowly rose up in the sky, 
never dropping smiles and joy on their faces,

 

––––––– time jump –––––

 

After eating breakfast and freshening up, both men stood in the living room; where Magnus proceeded to open a portal. He gestured with his left hand for Alec for step through first. Alec stepped towards the portal, lacing his fingers with Magnus’ as he went. 
When they stepped out the other side, they were greeted by a cozy living room bathed in soft orange tones and aged dark wood furniture.
Moments, a woman with dark blue skin and white locks the color of freshly fallen snow walked into the room, one hand amassed in a purple glow as if ready to attack, and the other she was clutching a plate of piping hot chocolate chip cookies. 
Magnus looked at his friend and fellow warlock in amusement, he found the juxtaposition that was Catarina holding a plate of cookies in one hand and the other amassed in a purple flame, ready to defeat whoever had managed to surpass her wards quite amusing.
When she spotted Magnus in her living, her dispersed the flame. she looked at both men with eyes wide in surprise, “Oh... Magnus, I wasn’t expecting you.” 

Magnus smiled at her fondly and apologetically, “My apologies, Cat. I should have warned you we were coming.”  

Cat rolled her eyes, walking towards the pair with a smile, her skin a brilliant shade of blue as she passed through the rays of sun peeking through her blinds, “When was the last time you showed up anywhere announced, Magnus?” she retorted playfully. “Although, I was hoping my protection ward would be able to keep 

anyone

 out, even you.” 
Alec smiled at her playful remark.
Magnus chuckled airily, “You should never underestimate my ability, young Catarina.I 

am

 High Warlock of Brooklyn, after all.” he waved his hands about dramatically then narrowed his eyes in mock offense, “Or have you forgotten already?”

Cat scoffed and rolled her eyes once again, “How could I forget, you’ve only spent the last 150 years reminding me.” her tone dripped with sarcasm. “Anyway, how can I be of service? I take it you did not just come here for a chit chat.”

Alec stood next to Magnus smiling at their playful exchange. 
“You’d be correct, my dear Catarina,” Magnus answered, making his way further into the living room. Alec followed him hesitantly; he had yet to speak since they had arrived.Magnus crossed his hands behind himself, “We were wondering if Madzie was up for visitors,” he glanced towards Alec with a smile.
Alec blushed, “It’s alright if she’s not we can come back another time, it’s no problem, I just wanted to–” 
Catarina chuckled in amusement, “It’s no trouble at all; I’ll go see if she would like to see you. In the meantime, feel free to help yourself to some cookies, there’s also tea in the kettle.” She disappeared down a long hallway to Alec’s left.
Magnus seemed very at home as he made his way to the plate of cookies, grabbing two and sitting down on the worn dark brown leather sofa. Alec followed him, wordlessly. Magnus handed him a cookie and took a bite out of his. 
“What if she’s not comfortable around me because I’m a Shadowhunter? She could just think I’m one of Valentine’s men. After all, the last time she saw me I was with, Clary, who she knows is Valentine’s daughter.” he rambled unceremoniously.
Magnus turned to him, concern and shock etched into his raised brow, “Why would she think that; you have given her no reason to be wary of you, Alec.”

Alec sighed once more, “But–” Magnus cut him off, placing a reassuring hand on Alec’s right arm, “You do not need to worry, darling. Alright?”

“Okay,” Alec sighed in concede. 
A few moments later Alec and Magnus heard the light pitter patter of feet coming down the hall followed by Catarina’s heavier footfalls.
Both men looked towards the little girl with bright smiles etched onto their faces. Neither made a move to get up, not wanting to scare the young warlock away. 
when Madzie saw there was more than one person sitting on the couch, her stride slowed until she came to a halt and her form became tense. However, when she saw the two familiar faces, she seemed to relax her stance and began approaching them again. She stopped once she was just shy of two feet away from them.
“Hi, Madzie,” Magnus said warmly, he waved awkwardly.  

“Hi,” she whispered. Her eyes refusing to meet Magnus’. Instead, she was looking at the dolls in her hands. One had blue skin and blue hair and horns and the other had green skin and black and white hair.

“I like your dolls,” Alec said brightly, “I’ve never seen those before,”

Magnus looked at Alec with a mixture of admiration and surprise, very rarely did Alec show this soft side of himself. It was mainly reserved for Max.

Madzie looked at him with wary eyes and a slightly upturned lip. 
Alec beamed at her, “Which is your favorite?”
Madzie looked down at the dolls in her hand for a moment then excitedly thrust the doll with horns in front of her.

The three adults laughed at the obvious joy in the young warlock’s face. 
“May I?” Alec asked timidly, gesturing to the doll. He bit his lip out of habit; something he did when he felt unsure of himself or his actions. 
Madzie happily nodded and handed him said doll. Alec took the doll and examined her carefully. He had never seen dolls that looked like this. He turned to Madzie and moved to sit on the rug in front of the couch with his legs crossed in front of him. Then, he proceeded to speak to Madzie's other doll.

Madzie giggled at the high pitched voice Alec made. He sounded like he had sucked in a bunch of helium.

Soon the two were having an animated conversation using the two dolls. Alec had not stopped smiling since he laid eyes on Madzie and he felt at ease and at home around Madzie. Normally he would try to be nice around children but he would still hold them at arm's length. But around Madzie he did not feel like he had to act like he was treading on eggshells. It just felt so natural to him to be doing this. Like this is what he should be doing. It brought him an insurmountable amount of happiness.

 Catarina and Magnus sat on the couch watching the two play with the dolls, occasionally looking at each other with wide smiles. Magnus was awestruck at how natural Alec looked around the young warlock. The only time he ever saw Alec this relaxed was when they were alone or when he was sparring with his siblings. He looked truly content.

The four spent a good portion of the rest of their morning in the living playing and laughing. Alec somehow managed to convince Magnus to play with him and Madzie. Bursting out in laughter when Magnus proceeded to copy Alec’s high pitched voice.

Magnus lips shifted in a sour pout as the two rolled around the rug giggling. But, soon joined in the laughter when Alec and Madzie pulled him down for a hug where Madzie began trying to find Alec’s ticklish spot. Her laughter got even louder and more shrill when she found that Magnus’ sides were extremely ticklish. 
“Sweet pea, please, I surrender,” Magnus begged, trying to hold in another bout of laughter as he squirmed around on the red patterned Moroccan rug.
Madzie simply ignored his pleas and began tickling his neck while Alec held Magnus down.

“Traitor,” Magnus exclaimed when he felt Alec’s weight on his abdomen.

Alec looked down at Magnus while in the midst of laughing at how his boyfriend squirmed every time Madzie came even remotely close to his sides. Who knew Magnus Bane’s weakness would be a tiny Warlock tickling his sides. Alecs smiled mischievously and filed that nugget of information away in his brain for later.

Catarina stood from her spot on the couch with the plate of cookies in her hands. She shook her head and laughed, looking down at the sight in front of her.

“Anyone up for more cookies?” she asked over the sound of the giggling. 
Madzie’s head immediately shot up at the mention of cookies. She smiled and nodded her head wildly while sitting on Alec’s stomach with both her legs on either side of his torso. Magnus took this opportunity to straighten his untamed scarlet tipped locks and smooth out his wrinkled button up. Then laid himself next to Alec with his knees up and feet touching the ground.
Catarina shook her head at the picture perfect moment before her once again. It was not often that she got to see her friend this carefree, exposed, happy. Especially with another person. The idea that maybe he’d found ‘the one’ simultaneously brought a smile to her face and caused her worry.

She stood there for a moment longer watching the three interact: Magnus laid next to them smiling and, when Madzie asked him to tell her what happened to the bad man, animatedly began recounting how they captured Valentine (minus the violence and all the death). 

Meanwhile, Alec began bouncing his leg up and down, causing the little warlock to let out a tiny shriek and then a string of giggles when Alec began tickling her.

Catarina left the room with an amused shake of her head.

Once she returned, carrying a plate of fresh (magically) baked cookies and a tray containing four mugs of peppermint hot chocolate, Madzie immediately stood from her makeshift seat i.e. Alec’s torso and took a cookie and proceeded to stuff it into her mouth.
Alec and Magnus watched in amusement with amusement.Madzie giggled shyly, the sound slightly muffled by the cookie in her mouth.
Alec and Magnus sat up and each took a cookie and a mug of hot chocolate.

The four spent the rest of the morning and afternoon talking and laughing and playing with Madzie. Not a care in the world.

Soon the sun began to set and Magnus and Alec concluded that they should be heading home.

Madzie frowned, “You’re leaving?” he pouted. Her eyes began to shine with tears.

Magnus smiled sympathetically at her and kneeled in front of her, placing his hands on her tiny shoulders, “Don’t worry, we’ll be back.” he reassured her softly. Giving her a soft smile.

Alec kneeled in front of her as well, concern etched on his face.
Madzie shook her head, the tears in her eyes finally falling. Her cries were quiet and restrained, as she did not want to make Magnus or Alec angry.
Magnus cupped her cheek and ran his thumb over her wet cheek and wiped away the fallen tears. “We’ll come back,” he promised gently.

Madzie’s chin began to quiver and new tears began to form in her eyes and spill down her cheeks, “You promised you’d come back,” she cried softly.

Alec looked at Magnus with pleading and concerned eyes. Magnus immediately understood what he was communicating but did not give his response right away. After a moment of silence debating, apart from Madzie’s occasional sniffles and hiccups, then Magnus nodded and smiled then turned his attention back to Madzie; who had stopped crying, but still had a pout on her lips. 

“How about this?” Alec started, “How would you like to come stay with me and Magnus?” 

Madzie’s eyes immediately lit up. “Really?” she exclaimed, clutching her hands together, jumping up and down in glee.
Magnus and Alec exchanged happily.
“Why don’t you go get your things, sweetie,” Alec replied.

Madzie ran to the guest room gleefully giggling as she went.

Magnus, Alec, and Catarina laughed as they watched her retreating form.  

Catarina was the first to speak, “Are you sure about this, Magnus?” she pondered. 

Alec looked at Magnus happily as he nodded with a wide grin plastered on his face. 
Catarina looked at the two with a fond smile playing on her lips. She had never seen Magnus so open and comfortable with anyone like this in over a century. It was a shock at first to hear that he was dating a Shadowhunter. But, looking at them now she could not be happier for her friend.Madzie suddenly came running down the hall with a pink and purple backpack strapped to her back and hugged Magnus’ leg, looking up at him with a glint in her eyes and a giggle.
They both looked down at her. Magnus caressed her hair affectionately, “Ready?” he asked happily.
Madzie nodded happily. 
Magnus turned to Catarina, “thank you for keeping an eye on young Madzie, Cat. I really appreciate it.” 

Cat laughed, “of course, Magnus. It was my pleasure. It was such a delight to have her here.” she approached her friend and wrapped her arms around him in a warm embrace. 

She then turned to Alec, “It was lovely seeing you again, Alec.” she said warmly, wrapping her arms around him in an embrace as Magnus took Madzie’s little backpack from her and helped her put on her denim jacket. 

“You was great seeing you too, Catarina,” he laughed. The two released from their embrace and Alec took Madzie’s hand in as Magnus began opening a portal to the loft.

Catarina turned her attention to Madzie, kneeling in front of her until they were eye to eye, “It’s was lovely meeting you, Madzie.” she said joyously, “come back anytime, okay.” 

Madzie gave her a slight smile and then stepped towards her, wrapping her arms lightly around Catarina. 

Catarina wrapped her around the young girl in slight shock; this was the first time she had made the first move to do anything, she had always waited to see if she would make any move to do something, always looking around her with a calculated gaze, if not then she did not approach her at all. 

“Thank you,” Madzie murmured softly,” against the warlock’s blouse as Alec looked on with a smile. 

Magnus turned his attention to his family, “Ready?” he asked with a smile,
Alec nodded and he and Madzie made their way to the portal with one final wave to Catarina.  Magnus gestured for Alec and Madzie to step through first. He gripped Madzie’s hand even firmer, not wanting to lose her grip, as they stepped through, disappearing through the waves of waves of purple.
Catarina stopped Magnus before he could enter the portal and pulled him into a tight hug, “I’m so happy for you, Magnus,” 

He laughed against her shoulder, “I am too, Catarina,” he agreed softly, “so much. 

They released from their embrace and Cat laid a kiss on his cheek, “don’t be a stranger, my friend; it seems I see you these days when the world is in turmoil.” she laughed, the crows feet in the corner of her eyes crinkling as she smiled. Her white teeth gleamed against her striking blue skin. 

Magnus wagged his finger lazily, “I will, don’t you worry.” he said with a smile then made his way through portal as well. 







Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



