



Fate - nineteen88 - Once Upon a Time TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Fate
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8973961.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/F
Fandom:
Once Upon a Time (TV)
Relationship:
Evil Queen | Regina Mills/Emma Swan
Character:
Emma Swan, Evil Queen | Regina Mills, Henry Mills (Once Upon a Time), Snow White | Mary Margaret Blanchard, Prince "Charming" James | David Nolan, Neal Nolan, Captain Hook | Killian Jones, Elsa (Once Upon a Time)
Additional Tags:
Swan-Mills Family, Slow Burn, Storybrooke (Once Upon a Time), Family, Fluff and Angst, Angst, Friends to Lovers, Not Canon Compliant, 4a, swanqueen - Freeform, New York City, Wardrobe
Series:
Part 1 of
Fated Love
Stats:

        Published: 2016-12-23
          Completed: 2020-07-14
          Chapters: 9/9
        Words: 31694
      

Fate
by nineteen88
Summary
“You would do that for me?”“I am very grateful for you choosing to stay here. For allowing me access to Henry.” She paused as she passed the freshened drink. “Besides,” Emma watched as Regina sipped from her glass, “I’m nice now,” the older woman smirked at her. This is a slow burn SwanQueen starting at 4a but strays from the canon. (Previously posted under the title 'Moments').




Autumn




 August 
 She ambled down the stairs to find Mary Margaret starting dinner and her son slouched on the sofa, phone in hand. Given the angle he was holding in, she could tell he was playing the same game he’d been on when she left him to try and work upstairs. It was nice to know that he had achieved as little with his day as she had with hers. Fruitlessness all round. She threw herself down besides him and leant across him to grab the remote. “I was watching that.” he complained as she flicked through the channels. “Yeah?” She questioned but no more looking away from her screen as he did from his. “Now I’m watching it.” She thought heard Mary Margaret huff from the kitchen but chose to ignore it as she continued to hop through the channels. After finding nothing to watch Emma put the channel to what it had been on and returned the remote to her son. Stupidly, she looked up and found her mother watching her. “What?” She asked her. “Why don’t you help me with dinner?” Emma found her eyes rolling, but got up nonetheless. After washing her hands she looked to her mother waiting further instruction. “If you could start chopping the carrots?” “Carrots?” “What’s wrong with carrots?” “I don't like carrots.” “You always used to eat carrots. I used to put them in the stews-“ “Yeah, when you made too much on purpose and claimed that you just happened to have left overs.” Emma nodded, looking in the fridge hoping another vegetable would materialise. “I remember. Of course you’d be a mother for a roommate.” She chided as pushed the door shut and started rummaging through the freezer. “And of course you don’t have any frozen vegetables.” As she stood up she found Mary Margaret uncomfortably close to her. A feeling of discomfort only increased by the fact she was she holding a knife. Emma gingerly took it from her and placed it back on the island next to the chicken. “What is your problem this evening?” “There is no problem. I just don't like carrots.” Emma said stepping out of the confined space and settling herself on one of the bar stools. “Ask the kid.” “Only oranges should be orange.” He parroted back a clearly overheard line.  Emma looked over to him unmoved from the sofa, eyes still fixed on his phone. She wondered how much he absorbed while he was silent in their presence. How much he heard and retained while they assumed he was absorbed in his games. How much he knew.  She gestured back to him as if he had made her point and that the discussion was settled. “You’re having them tonight.” Mary Margaret ignored, passing over the chopping board, carrots and a clean knife. “If this is you now I dread to think what Neal is going to be like as a teenager.” She complained. Emma bristled in her seat and was about to open her mouth to voice her complaints but for her son throwing his phone across the sofa switched her attention.  “Speaking of.” she sighed. “You break it and the replacement will be a brick.” She called over to him as she topped and tailed the first of the carrots. “Mom just text me, the banner interrupted my game and killed me.” he huffed, retrieving his phone from the mess of cushions. “She wants to know if you’ve enrolled me in school yet.” Emma stood up, walked across the small floor grabbed her keys and and jacket and slammed the apartment door behind her. As the tiny loft apartment was aware, she was ready for a fight. She’d been yelling and snapping at strangers on the phone all afternoon but that had got her nowhere. As soon as her irritation with them had reached the point of no return the staff at the end of the line would either hang up or revert to the scripts and plastic smiles. Her mother was no good to fight with; at best she would be able to provoke her into a passive aggressive mess at worse she would dissolve into tears. She couldn’t argue with the kid. There was a line and arguing with her child was miles across it. Regina on the other hand was fair game. More than fair game in fact. Regina was a foe worthy of her foil. Regina would bite back. She parked the car and slammed the rusting, yellow door behind her. Before she had even made it half way down the path the door opened to reveal Regina Mills. The older woman stood in her doorway, she still dressed as though she spent her days in the office despite the fact she barely left the house any more. “You want to talk to me. You talk to me.” Emma pointed at her, rapidly closing the distance between the two of them. “You do not talk to me through the kid.” Regina simply held up her hand and pulled her BlackBerry from her pants pocket. When Emma was within reach she showed her its call log. Emma stared at her name and saw an embarrassingly large number in brackets after it. “If you deigned to answer my phone calls I wouldn’t have to use our son.” Emma looked down. Her phone was the bedroom floor she hoped it was still in one piece after it had been thrown across the room. “I feel this is a Miss Swan moment.” She looked up, her anger suddenly overwhelmed by shame, and found Regina had stepped aside. “Would you like to come in or would you like to continue arguing with me on my front step?” Emma followed her as she was led through to the living room. She found a glass of cider and a tumbler of scotch with two ice cubes on the coffee table. “Henry text me. Initially to tell me that my text had killed him,” her brow furrowed slightly as she was still clearly trying to understand what that message meant, “and then to warn me that you were on the war path.” Emma fell onto the sofa and picked up the drink clearly meant for her. “This is Gold’s fault.” She felt Regina sit besides her. “That I was not expecting.” Regina followed, sipping from her cider. “That stupid cloaking spell he gave Belle. I have spent the entire day talking to different shipping firms trying to get our stuff from New York.” She turned to the woman besides her. “Do you know how hard it is to get people to ship to a town that doesn’t exist?” She let her head fall onto the back of the couch. “Trying to convince company after company that I’m not trying to send them on a wild goose chase. What kinda a name for a town is Storybrooke?” the Bronx accent she impersonated caused her to cough slightly. “I have two choices," she continued once she'd composed herself, "drive to New York and pack it all up or simply start again. Again.” she sighed finishing her drink. Packing up her life had never been an issue. Foster home to foster home. City to city. Then of course the ten months in detention. Even when she moved in with Mary Margaret there had only been a handful of boxes. But this time it was different. It wasn’t her items she cared about so much. It was Henry’s. They had had a life there. It didn’t matter to her that the memories were fake. She had baby photos, his first pair of pre-walkers, the stuffed toy she’d bought him when she was reunited with him in Phoenix. It was a tiny grubby little thing. It was purchased from a drug store. It was the first thing she’d got him. He cared though. He wanted his life in Storybrooke. He wanted to be surrounded by family. She just wanted him. Regina got up, took the blonde’s glass and walked over to the drinks unit. “Why don’t you ask your father to borrow that god awful truck of his and you, Henry and I can drive over and sort out your apartment.” Her back was turned to her, so Emma couldn’t read her expression. The offer sounded genuine though. When Regina turned back around she found a smile on Emma’s face for the first time in a long time. “You would do that for me?” “I am very grateful for you choosing to stay here. For allowing me access to Henry.” She paused as she passed the freshened drink. “Besides,” Emma watched as Regina sipped from her drink, “I’m nice now,” the older woman smirked at her. 
 September 
 She looked down at her ringing phone and smiled. She hit the space bar on her laptop and paused the programme she was watching. “Whats up kid?” she asked as slipped her feet off her desk and back onto the ground. “Not much.” She could hear him smiling back at her through the phone. “You?” “Paperwork. Doughnuts. Coffee. You know, Sheriffy stuff.” She shrugged. “Uh huh.” Henry drawled out. “What you watching on Netflix?” “I’m…” she rolled her eyes knowing that arguing would be pointless. “The Office. How did you know?” “I tried to log on but because you’re cheap only one of us can watch at a time.” There was a brief pause. “Now I’m spending half my time at Mom’s you need to upgrade your package.” “Or you could tell your mother to get her own account.” “She still uses a BlackBerry. Netflix is beyond her.” Emma looked at the time in the corner of her screen, logged off and shut down her computer. “I suppose I should do some work then, or did you actually want to talk to the woman endured disgusting and painful things to bring you into this world?” “Mom wants to know if you want to come over for dinner.” “Dinner? At the house? With the both of you?” “There will be food, china, cutlery… maybe a drink of some sort.” “Don’t sass me kid, I know that dinner is and what it entails, I’ve just never been invited round before.” “Mom thinks we should have dinner to celebrate my first week back at school. Besides,” he added after another pause, “we ate dinner when we were all in New York. We eat together at Granny’s.” “Yeah but-“ “But?” he cut her off. She had nothing. She had nothing and Henry knew it. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to go to Regina’s for dinner. Its just that she had never been asked. And now that she had the idea confused her. She had eaten with Regina plenty of times. Henry was right, they had eaten in New York; but that was a hotchpotch of a meal constructed from what was in the cupboards and of what remained in date. It was a ‘eat the food or we have decide to either throw it out or drive it to Maine’ meal. They had certainly eaten at Granny’s. Countless times in fact. But that was always one of them with Henry inviting the other to join them. That was always a ‘chance meeting’ meal. They had never had a 'preordained' meal. They definitely had never a 'family' meal. Her hands were at her temples by the time she realised she hadn’t said anything for quite a while. “What are we having?” “Its Friday so some fish of some kind.” “Whats it being Friday got to do with fish?” “We’re Catholic.” Henry replied as that would explain everything she needed to understand. “No you’re not.” “Mo- Emma,” She closed her eyes as her son swallowed back her title and called her by her name. “I think I would know if we’re Catholic or not.”  She wasn’t his mom anymore. Regina was his mother. His mother that had raised him for ten years. His mother who had endured sleepless nights of croup, teething and childhood viruses. His mother who had read him bedtime stories and kissed him goodnight. His mother who had packed his lunches and sent him off to school. His mother who had kissed away the injuries, soothed away the nightmares and raised him to be the young man talking to her on the phone now. She was just Emma. The year in New York was just a year and it was based on false memories. The year they’d had together he was twelve. Too old for bedtime stories. Too old for kisses goodnight and to be warned of bed bugs bites. Too old for a mother to coddle. He was twelve. Wanting to forge his steps into his teenage years, wanting to find himself as a young adult. She was just Emma. “What time?” She asked him reluctantly. “Mom told me to tell you six so you’re here for 6:30. We won’t eat until seven though.” “And I’m to bring wine? Bread? Lorelai and Rory?” “The wine will be enough.” She could hear him smiling again. “Red.” He added quickly. “And some Pepsi for me. She won’t deny me soda if you bring it.” “Anything else?” “That should do it.” “Love you, kid.” “Love you too. Oh and Emma,” his end went quiet for a moment, “thank you.” “For what?” “Letting us stay.” The call was ended and the phone thrown on the desk. She looked at her watch and saw that if she locked up now she had time for a shower. She started the slow process of shutting down the old PC and packed away her laptop. Grabbed her jacked from the coat rack, flicked off the lights and shut the door to her office for the weekend. 
 October 
 She walked straight in, despite the protests of whichever former princess was behind the secretary’s desk, as she juggled the takeout bags, drinks and the three local papers. She kicked off her sneakers, dropped everything on the coffee table and tucked her legs in underneath herself as she settled on the sofa. “Your mother isn’t here.” Regina thought she heard Emma mutter something, but couldn't piece together the words to make a sentence. “Make yourself at home though.” “That,” Emma grumbled as she pulled out the various containers from the Granny’s brown bag, “is precisely the problem.” “That you’re making yourself at home in the Mayor’s office?” Regina stepped out from behind the desk, out of her heals and knelt besides the coffee table, hurriedly placing napkins under the containers as Emma continued fussing around with the food. “How many of us are having lunch?” “I didn’t know what I wanted.” Emma shrugged as she tore a grilled cheese sandwich in half and dipped it in a portion of chilli fries. “So you ordered everything?” Regina questioned as she dentally picked at the chicken salad she had found amongst all the fried food. “What is the pain that you’re eating?” “I need an apartment-” as Emma gestured towards the stack of papers with her sandwich and spattered chilli across the rest of the food, table and parts of the immaculately white carpet. “That’s now an additional problem.” Regina sighed at the staining chilli and lifted her right hand to magic away the mess, Emma caught her looking at the new addition of a bird picture on the far wall and then saw her hand drop back to her side, leaving the chilli to stain. “Okay, now I’m back to just the apartment problem.” She managed half a smile. “Why the sudden urgency?” “Aside from the fact that I’m over 30? And-” “If you dip chilli fry in that frosting you will be left alone to your problem.” Regina scolded as Emma’s fry hovered over a slice of chocolate cake. She looked between the woman on the floor and the cake before acquiescing. She dropped the chilli fry in her mouth, leaving the cake unscathed. “It was different when she was Mary Margaret.” “She’s still Mary Margaret.” “No,” she picked at an onion ring before offering the container to Regina, “she’s my mother now.” “She was always your mother.” Regina waved away the rings. “Its just that now she knows she's your mother.” “And she’s trying to make up for 28 lost years by suffocating me in that tiny loft. Not to mention David and the crying baby. I swear to god,” she pointed the onion ring she was holding back at Regina, “Brother knows exactly when its 3:27 and is watching the clock because it cannot be a coincidence that he has screamed the place down for the past four nights in a row at that specific time.” “Four nights?” Regina placed down her empty container and reached across the mess of Emma’s food for her drink. “Let me get my violin back from Nero and I shall play for you.” Emma moved the drink further out of reach. “What do you want me to do?” “Magic up some real-estate within my price range? Give me a pay rise?” “Your mother is now the mayor. I, however,” she shifted from her position on the floor, “I have three empty bedrooms, two with en-suits.” Regina brushed down her skirt as she stood. “Move in with Henry and I.” Emma didn’t say anything. She simply picked up the newspapers, headed to her shoes and jacket and left Regina with the remains of lunch. 
 November 
 He found her lying the wrong way on her bed. Pillows propped against the metal bed frame supporting her back as she tossed a tennis ball against the wall. “Grams asked me to get you stop that.”  “I heard her.” She nodded as the tennis ball went flying again. “I’m meant to be the teenager.” He chided her, intercepting the ball and taking it to his own bed. He mirrored her position but the slope of the ceiling meant that he could only pass the ball between his hands. “Everyone’s happy that we’ve stayed but you.” He eventually whispered out to her. “I’m happy.” Her voice didn’t echo her words. He turned his head and saw her looking back at him. “I may not have inherited your ‘superpower’ but I know when you’re lying to me.” “Don’t put it in air-quotes, kid, its a legitimate superpower.” The air was thick between them despite their plastic smiles. Mary Margaret could be heard downstair issuing instructions to David as they prepared lunch. Do this. Do that. Not like that. Give it here. Just leave me to it. The baby babbling between them. “Why don’t you call me Henry?” She bit back the reply sitting on her tongue. Why don’t you call me Mom? The air was choking them now. They’d both sunk down deeper onto their beds trying to reach the last of the oxygen before they suffocated completely. “I didn’t choose Henry for you.” It was barely audible but she knew he’d heard it. “This why you stopped coming to Friday Night Dinners?” He’d made it through the fog and was lying besides her now. All the better whispered confessions. “I came to, like, four. Isn’t that enough?” “You came to six.” “We can’t just play Happy Modern Family.” “I’m not asking you and Mom to get together. Besides,” he nudged her ribs, hoping a smile would clear away the atmosphere, “I’ve seen Orange Is The New Black I know you would have only been ‘gay for the stay.’” She rolled onto her side to face him. “I’m cancelling Netflix.” “You watched it first.” He complaint was almost a whine, betraying the act he’d been playing and showing him for the young age he remained. “I also read the book. Its about prison reform. Not lesbianism.” She rolled back over and started fishing around under the bed. “What you doing now?” “Looking for my Kindle.” “You want me to read the book?” “I was in a minimal security juvenile detention unit for ten months.” She was on the floor and under the bed completely now. He watched as she pulled out odd socks, dirty cups and what appeared to me the remains of a meal he didn’t think they’d had since September. “Eight months of that I was pregnant. The last two I was in no state for a prison romance, fling, experime-” “Mom-” He winced as she hit her head on the metal bed frame. She crawled back out, a dusty Kindle her prize. “You haven’t called me that since…” “Since Mom kissed me at the docks.” He finished sadly. Taking the device from her hand and helping her to her feet. “Its weird, you know?” She nodded back and sat down besides him. “She’s my mom, you’re my mom, but she raised me; but I have all these conflicting memories telling me that you raised me, that you didn’t give me up…” They were choking again. “Cassidy.” Her voice was a whisper again. “I would have called you Cassidy.” “Thats a-” whatever it was was cut off by a knock on the front door. She got off and padded to the edge of the balcony. She found him next to her, his hand resting in the arch of her back. As they watched David cross the small room to receive the visitor, she was uncertain who which one of them was the parent and which was the child. David revealed Regina standing holding a pumpkin pie. “Grams invited her.” Henry sounded nervous as he started rubbing circles on her back. She was uncertain which one of them was the parent and which was the child. “Aren’t they all British?” She questioned him as the three down stairs exchanged Thanksgiving pleasantries. “Why are we doing this?” “For you.” He told her before heading downstairs to greet his mother. She watched as she pulled him into an embrace and kissed the top of his hair. She watched as the boy let her, knowing that he would be too tall to do that to soon. She watched as the boy pulled her in closer knowing that he would be too tall soon too. As Regina held her son to her, her eyes flickered up and met Emma’s upstairs. They nodded their hellos before Emma broke their gaze to joined them in the living room. “I was just asking the k- Henry- why we’re doing this.” The smile she was wearing wasn’t meeting her eyes. She knew they could all see it too. She broke away and pulled her brother out of his highchair, putting a buffer between her and them. “I thought you three were British.” “Why are we British?” Mary Margaret questioned, going back into the kitchen, back to her turkey. “Fortnight. Trousers.” David started laughing to himself. “Courgette.” “You guys are from the past.” “And that makes us British?” Regina smiled finally letting Henry out of her grasp. Emma merely shrugged. “Either way you wouldn’t have had Thanksgiving.” “No,” Mary Margaret nodded, pulling out an array of vegetables (none of which, Emma noted, were carrots) from the small oven, “Easter was the big thing we celebrated. And we had holidays around the harvests.” She continued as David passed her dishes to serve into. “St Valentines was always my favourite.” He smiled kissing her on the cheek. “I’m about to eat.” Regina scolded him as Henry sat her down at the table. “But whatever we are, you are certainly American and so-” she rounded the island, the turkey glistening proudly from its plate, “Thanksgiving.” Emma looked towards her son as she sat down opposite. Before she ducked her head she’d caught him mouth the words ‘For you.’



Winter
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






December


 

She put the cruiser into park before she checked her watch. It was too early still. She leaned over the seat and pulled her laptop bag from the rear, taking some paperwork and a pen out she started on the files from the night shift. In the quiet Maine town she essentially just had to sign and date a blank document, maybe throw in a couple of times and street names of the places she’d driven down.

 

Once complete she threw the files haphazardly back into her laptop back, checked her phone for emails and essentially twiddled her thumbs until she saw Regina pull back the curtains of the front room. The women smiled and waved before Emma stepped out onto the street.

 

The door was open and waiting for her by the time she’d reached the front step.

 

“He’s still asleep, but go up and wake him if you want.” Regina smiled at her as she welcomed her into her home.

 

“Nah,” Emma sent a fleeting glance up the stairs before shrugging off her jacket. “He’s a teenager let him sleep.”

 

“He knows he needs to be up and dressed by nine.”

 

“Killian’s not picking him up until 11.” Emma frowned at the back of Regina’s head as she followed her into the kitchen.  She missed Regina’s frown in return.

 

“Sparrow is picking him up?”

 

“Yeah,” Emma slipped onto a bar stool as Regina started the coffee pot, “he’s hired a boat. Sailing. Pirating. Possibly some pillaging.” She shrugged playing with the fruit in front of her.

 

“That all sounds very exhausting for a woman that’s just worked five night shifts.”

 

“I’m not going.”

 

Had Regina been facing her, she would have seen the briefest of smiles. Had Emma been looking up, she would have seen her shoulders relax. Slightly.

 

“You’re not going?”

 

“It all sounds rather exhausting for a me that’s just worked five night shifts.” Emma explained, no sense of regret in her tone. Almost relief. “Besides, its December. Why the hell would I want to float about the Atlantic Ocean in December? Maine is cold enough in the summer.”

 

“So its okay to let our son go sailing on the Atlantic Ocean in December looked after by just a pirate?” Regina slid a cup of coffee across the counter at her, before adding a dash of milk to her own.

 

“David, Mary Margaret and Brother are going too.” She wrinkled her nose as the coffee was brought to her face.

 

“Decaf. You need to sleep at some point.” Regina reminded her, Emma simply shrugged before adding sugar and trying again to sip at the drink in front of her. “Your parents are going?”

 

“Yeah,” she shrugged, “David seems to have taken a real shine to him since we stopped sleeping together.” She was still too busy altering the taste of her coffee to pay attention to Regina’s sputters before her. Decaf never tasted the same, despite advertisers’ claims. “Something about a male friend.” She shrugged again before glancing at the flashing clock on the oven. “Why does the kid have to be downstairs for nine? He's a teenager. Isn’t that part of the rules, teenagers sleep?”

 

“Children don't come with a manual and a set of rules.” Regina rolled her eyes. “He won’t be able to sleep all day as an adult-”

 

“I will be once I’ve seen him.”

 

“Yes but you’ve just come off a night shift.”

 

“As an adult. I am a perfect example of acceptable form of ‘sleep all day as an adult’.”

 

“Our son is too clever to be wasted on law enforcement.”

 

“Ouch.” Emma sucked in her breath through her teeth. “Straight to the inadequacy issues.”

 

“You know what I mean Miss Swan.”

 

Emma suddenly looked up at her and tried to find Regina’s eyes from behind her coffee cup. “That’s two.”

 

“Two?” Regina frowned.

 

“One is when I do something stupid.” Emma was smiling broadly at her, “The second, I have just realised, is when you apologise.”

 

“I don’t apologise.” Regina straightened herself.

 

“No, you call me Miss Swan instead.” Emma found herself smiling. “Those are the two times you still go by formalities with me. The rest of the time you call me-”

 

“Emma.” Regina finished for her softly.

 

The two women busied themselves with their drinks. Emma tapped out a rhythm on the counter with her fingers and Regina started fishing a selection of breakfast things out of the cupboards.

 

“Why does Storybrooke require someone to work a night shift?” Regina asked her after the silence got too much for her.

 

“You tell me. Graham had me working them back when I started so I figure you put them in place.”

 

“To keep you out of my way.”

 

“Oh,” Emma picked at the grapes suddenly before her, “does that mean I can stop?”

 

“Needn’t sound quite so disappointed, dear.” Regina placed down a fresh cup of coffee. “Is spending time at the loft really so terrible?”

 

“No.” Emma murmured. “I’ve just got a routine going.”

 

“My food bills have noticed your routine. You wake up, shower, drive over, spend time with Henry, eat my dinner food, go to work, eat my breakfast food, spend time with Henry, go home and sleep.”

 

“Perfectly healthy.”

 

“Tell that to Dr Hopper.” Regina slapped her hands away from the grapes and placed a bowl in front of her. “Stop working night shifts. Stop avoiding your parents.”

 

Emma resigned herself to Regina’s victory before a wicked smile suddenly crossed her face. “I will stop avoiding my parents when you stop doing Mary Margret’s work for her.”

 

“I- I- I-”

 

“Have suddenly developed a stutter?” Emma’s eyebrow arched triumphantly. “You spend more time in the Mayor’s office than she does. You do more than just her Excel spreadsheets for her. And you let her take the credit. You may be nice now, but currently you’re being a doormat.”

 

“Are you trying to rile me into egregious deeds?”

 

“Just because you’ve stopped trying to kill her, put her in eternal sleep, curse her into a different realm or frame her for murd- Don’t look proud of your achievements, you didn’t succeed in any of them.” Emma scolded. “You don’t have to do the town’s accounts, is my point.”

 

Regina slipped dejectedly into the stool besides her. “I miss being Mayor.” She eventually admitted.

 

“And she hates it. Let her fail, swoop in afterwards, save the day and you’ll be begged to take up office again.”

 

“That’s ingenious.”

 

“What can I say?” Emma threw a grape into the air and caught it in her mouth. “I watch a lot of TV.” Regina pushed the bowl closer to her still. 

 

Emma’s hand brushed against hers as she took it from her. Their hands touched again when cutlery was passed between them. Their hands lingered-

 

“Morning Moms.” Henry yawned, walking over to the juice and leaning between them. “What no pancakes this morning?” He grumbled taking the bowl from before Emma and the cutlery from out of their hands.

 


January (just)


 

She didn’t know how long she had been knocking on the door but it felt like forever. Her knuckles were starting to hurt and she found she had to switch hands when she wanted to bang louder on the door to be heard above the fireworks in the distance.

 

She went to connect with the door again but, finding only air, stumbled forward.

 

“What is it Miss Swan?” Regina hissed at her, pulling her robe tighter around her.

 

“Three.” Emma smiled at her. “How did you know it was me?”

 

“Well since the town hasn’t come at me with pitchforks for quite some time-”

 

“I can arrange some if you miss them.” Emma was still smiling, but found she was swaying slightly too now. She steadied herself against one of the pillars.

 

“What is it Miss Swan?”

 

“Put on some clothes and watch the fireworks with us.”

 

“If I wanted to watch the fireworks, I would be.” She retightened her robe and folded her arms across her chest.

 

“Henry wants you there.”

 

“You’re looking after our son drunk?”

 

Emma stood up properly and put a finger in front of the older woman to silence her. “Tipsy.” She corrected. “And he’s with friends. No looking after required.”

 

“And yet he requires my presence?”

 

She put out her hand and offered it to her. “Come watch the fireworks.” Her voice was barely a whisper in the night.

 


February


 

She put the ageing Volkswagen into park, disconnected her phone from the tape deck converter and shut off the engine.

 

“Right Brother,” she turned the the small figure enveloped by the car seat besides her, “I’m going to unpack the Bug ready for our sleepover. Try not to do anything magical in my absence.” She went to step out before quickly turning back to him. “Try not to do anything magical at all actually. That’s my thing. Can’t have Me Point Two usurping me any further can we?” she leaned over him and tickled his stomach. “Can we?” she smiled down at him.

 

He looked so like her memories of Henry. 

 

His cheeks tinged with red as teeth tried to make their way through.

 

She remembered sleepless nights. A screaming child. A boy she’d nearly abandoned to Walmart because he simply wouldn't stop crying, even after she’d torn open a packet of rusks fresh from the shelf. A young man that could only find comfort sucking on her thumb. 

 

She rolled her left thumb through her fingers, remembering the feel of his tiny mouth wrapped around it. How it felt. How wrinkled it would look when she removed it from her finally sleeping son. How she’d tried everything to sooth him, but only her thumb, her left thumb, could send him to sleep.

 

“None of that happened though, did it?” She was continuing to smile down at the small boy. A smile so broad it hurt. She wondered if, even at this tender age, he could recognise the falseness of it. Hear the unfounded joviality forced into her voice. She shook her head, and swiped at her eyes. “Wait here.” She told him finally managing to step out onto the road.

 

Mary Margaret had packed her trunk with too many supplies for one night and as she surveyed all goods sowed away she wondered how much she actually had to take into the house. She slung the diaper bag over her shoulder and a carrier of formula and bottles before trying to juggle the sanitiser.

 

She sent a fleeting glance at the boy in the front seat before running to the front step and dumping everything, unceremoniously, onto the ceramic tiles. She ran back, slammed down the front of the Bug and whipped open the passenger door.

 

“Miss me?” she asked him as she started to unfasten the carrier from the seat. “Jesus, you’re getting big.” She sighed as she slipped the handle into the crock of her elbow and locked up. “Let’s go see Regina shall we?” She cooed down to him as she made her way down the garden path. “Lets get really drunk and pretend that we’ve not been kicked out so Mommy and Daddy can have noisy sex! Yeah,” she raised her hand to him, “baby high five!” He lay there motionless. “You’re right, we should work on the bro fist first.” She pressed on the bell and waited for the door to open. “Tell me there’s wine.”

 

“There is always wine.” Regina smiled at her before taking Neal. “There is always wine.” She repeated to him offering him a wider smile and a happier tone. “There has to be wine on this joke of a Hallmark constructed holiday.” 

 

Emma followed her through to the TV room, the assortment of bags and supplies nestled in her arms. Where she dropped everything, again, Regina softly placed Neal on the ground and transferred him from carrier to play pen.

 

“It was Henry’s.” Regina tried to explain away Emma’s quizzical look. However, she’d misinterpreted her expression and stoney silence. “It was in the baseme-”

 

“Thats the one we had.” Her hands were gliding over the wooden slats. “I found it in a thrift store in West Virginia. It was the drive between Phoenix and Boston.” Neither her hands nor eyes ever left the structure before her. “We’d stopped in a motel near Augusta, you know real Katniss country, the place didn’t do breakfast but there was this diner in converted Silver Bullet and it was the drive of this - well-” she shrugged, “thrift store. Just wooden stuff. Tons of it. Stuff you didn’t know could even be made of wood. And outside was this.”

 

She darted round to the far side of the pen, Neal spinning round to watch her, their heads nearly bumping as she bent over the edge and leaned in. 

 

Then she found it; a tiny, scraggly line of blue.

 

The one time Henry had ever drawn on furniture. Her reaction had been enough, even as a toddler, to know that he should never do it again. Her crying. Her panicked - frantic - cleaning. 

 

She looked up at Regina,

 

“This crayon mark?” As she pointed, Neal grabbed both hands around her index finger, she simply removed him and sat him down further away.

 

“I’d left him to-”

 

“Make a cup of coffee.” Emma finished for her. “Did you nearly leave Henry in a grocery store?”

 

“He wouldn’t stop crying.” Emma could hear how hard it had been for her to form the words. How dry her mouth must be. “He was such a miserable baby. Like he hated being a baby. He just wanted to be a grown up. He only cheered up properly when he was able to move around. By the time he was crawling he was transformed. He just wanted to explore the world, to touch everything, to be everywhere, to know everything.”

 

This was the boy that, by ten, was travelling by himself to far off cities, knocking on stranger’s doors and telling them to save the world. This was the boy Emma knew. This was the boy that Emma had helped to raise. This was a real memory.

 

Tears now streaming down her face, Emma swiped them away with panicked - frantic - hands. 

 

“You have wine?”

 

“There is always wine.” Regina nodded, her own eyes visibly wet.




Chapter End Notes
Thank you for all the Kudos, I really appreciate the faith.
Circus.


Spring
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





 March 
 Not for the first time Emma was woken but the sounds of a hushed argument about her. She was getting used to her parents whispered words of worry, of ‘she’s working too many hours’, of ‘she’s barely here anymore’, of ‘she’s regretting staying here’. The worst words were always her mother’s words, always barely audible and quickly tidied away into her father’s arms as he soothed her, of ‘we’re going to loose her again’. She hated waking up to those sounds. More than she hated waking up to Brother’s screams at 3:27 most mornings. More than she’d hated the bickering adults and children alike that woke her as a child. More than the fights that had woken her in prison.  Her mother’s sadness cutting through her, not out of guilt, but because it wasn’t unfounded.  But this argument was different. It was one constructed of ‘don’t you dare’ and ‘But she promised’ being whined back as a reply. It took Emma more time than she was proud of to work out why this morning was different to the others. The smell and the feel of the sheets should have triggered her recognition far sooner. Even the light pooling through the window was different. She wasn’t in her bed, in the loft, she was in one of Regina’s guest bedrooms that had been offered to her some months ago. This was the first of ‘Emma stays over at the weekends’ that had been suggested for Henry’s benefit.  It was veiled so thinly that she was surprised that Henry had actually believed it was for him, yet her she was listening to Regina explain that ‘Emma needs her sleep’ and ‘she’ll keep her promise this afternoon’ all the same. She pushed back the covers and reached for her jeans, pulling them on she spied where she’d thrown her bra and T-shirt from the night before. She was dressed by the time she’d reached the door, her hands sorting out her hair as she fumbled the handle with her elbow. “Thought I smelt coffee,” she smiled at the teenager before her as he passed her the cup. “I got to say, if this is how I’m going to be woken up every Saturday I’m not going to complain.” “Why don’t you start toasting the bagels?” Regina pointed Henry down the stairs. Emma started to follow him, listening as he chatted about his plans for the day, but found she was held back by a tentative hand around her elbow. “I tried to encourage him to let you rest. After all, it was he that complained about how noisy his uncle is in the night.” “I heard,” Emma nodded back as she sipped the coffee, “but if the kid has to be up by nine, I should too and he’s right I did promise him to spend all those quarters he found littered in my room at the arcade.” “The arcade will still be open once you’re fully caught up in your sleep.” “I don’t think I’ve ever been fully caught up on sleep.”  Maybe. Once upon a time. There were nights in motels rooms when she felt safe, an older man wrapped around her protectively. But that man and the safety he offered was long gone. He vanished when she was still a child, leaving her with a single watch, and took all promises of safety with him. She shook her thoughts free of him. The woman in front of her was trying to offer such safety again. Soft sheets. Warm bed. No banging, screaming, or any other alarming noises in the night that might startle her. Emma was suddenly overly aware of the hand still clutching at her elbow. It was holding her gently but it felt all consuming. She didn’t know why it was there. She didn’t know why she was here, stood on the second floor of the mansion in her socks and yesterday’s clothes.  Glancing down at the hand, Regina quickly removed it an indistinguishable noise escaping her mouth as she did so. Emma chose to ignore it though, emptied the cup and quickly trotted down the stairs, calling out to Henry about the type of bagels they were having for breakfast as she did so. She was followed into the kitchen by Regina, who busied herself by getting out various spreads from the fridge and cupboards to join the plates and cutlery Henry had already laid out in the next room. Emma settled herself into the chair she’d always occupied for those six Friday Night Dinners, pouring a glass of orange juice for them all as she waited for the others to join her. Regina pulled out the chair at the top of the table having surveyed its contents and deemed it ready for breakfast. Henry was still sorting the bagels as Emma’s phone chimed. “Hey Kid,” she called out to him, quickly lowering her voice as she saw Regina wince at her volume, “David- Dad- your grandfather,” she settled on, “wants to know if we want to join him at the docks, apparently Leroy wants to sell his boat again and Dad- Davi- your grandfather,” she sighed, frustrated with her own indecision, “is thinking about buying it.”  Emma put her phone down so she could take the plate of cinnamon and raisin bagels from him, allowing him to sit opposite her. Henry shrugged before turning to Regina, “You want to-” he stopped though when Regina’s phone started beeping. Regina, having the sense of control to be able to finish buttering her breakfast before checking it, smiled slowly before relaying the message: “Ms Bla- Sno- your grandmother,” Regina huffed out eventually, shooting a quick glare to Emma, “will you decide what you’re going to call your parents so I don’t have to dance around their names too, it makes this all very long winded!”  Emma had the grace to look embarrassed as she continued spreading copious amounts of peanut butter on her own bagel half. “Go with ‘Snow’, you calling her ‘Ms Blanchard’ will make me worry you’re plotting her downfall again.” “Fine,” Regina acquiesced before turning back to Henry. “Snow has asked me to babysit, it seems she’s worried your grandfather will buy a boat if allowed outside of the loft unsupervised. She’ll be dropping him off in 45minutes.” “Awesome,” Henry beamed at the pair of them, “family day at the docks. Which one if you is going to buy me ice cream?” “Emma will be since I’m going be here with your uncle.” “You’re going to pass up an opportunity to watch Snow and David argue in public?” Emma asked incredulously. “When will you stop believing that witnessing their unhappiness brings me joy?” “You cursed them all to Maine.” Henry interjected. “I think if you weren’t hell bent on their unhappiness you might have picked a warmer climate.” “Next time I curse everyone I’ll get your travel advice first shall I?” She asked him. “I’m just saying shorts would be nice. Maybe some flip flops.” “Wait, why am I the only one that seemed to notice her use of the words ‘next time’?”  However, Emma found her protests ignored as she watched the two of them debate region, climate, and even discussing language possibilities. When Regina started calmly speaking Spanish to Henry, as if she’d done it all her life, Emma stopped following the thread of their conversation. She’d been to Enchanted Forest — a couple of times now — everyone spoke English, there were a confusing amount of accents; American, British, Australian, Marco had an Italian accent though she was unaware he or anyone else spoke Italian. There was no Spanish. Was there Spanish? How did Regina speak Spanish? She realised that — as Henry started speaking fluently back at his mother in the same language — that she really didn’t know what was happening.  “Great,” she interrupted them both, worried that Henry was plotting to curse them somewhere else so he could wear shorts more, “so that’s settled you’re coming with us then.” She raised her hand before Regina could protest; “What else are you going to do watch Peg and Cat? Please, you hate PBS.”  “Awesome,” Henry repeated, seemingly pleased with the way things had turned out, “family day at the docks. Which one if you is going to buy me ice cream?” “She can.” His mothers responded in unison, pointing at the other.  
 April 
 She’d set an alarm, but as it quickly as it started ringing it was off again. She was already awake,  she had been for hours now, and on her phone. She’d been checking the weather updates for Storybrooke, the county, and even statewide; at this moment in time she thought she could take over from that ridiculously chirpy weatherman on ABC she knew that much about the forecast for the next 48 hours. She clambered out of bed, grabbed some clothes from the chest of drawers — rolling her eyes at how neatly folded everything was and then remembered her pledge, like ever week before, that she would leave a couple of notes in the kitchen to help out with food and laundry — before running into the shower.  She was annoyed at herself for not remembering to bring over a fresh bottle of that shampoo she liked, knowing exactly where it was in the loft having brought two bottles last time she’d gone shopping, one for here and one for there, but Mary Margaret must have thought them both for the loft while she was helping Emma unpack the groceries the other night. As she tried to squeeze out the last drops from the bottle she wondered if she could text her and ask her to bring over a bottle when they met them at the docks, but whenever she mentioned keeping more things at Regina’s she found her mother making a weird face that she hadn’t quite managed to decipher. Having dressed quickly and run a brush though her hair she started making herself at home in the kitchen. It had been a few weeks now, she knew with almost certainty that she knew where everything was — except, perhaps, a thermos; that could wait however, there was no urgency on the coffee. She set about creating a sandwich making station; bread, butter, cold meats, some cheese, Tupperware at the end of the line for them all to go into. She’d smuggled a couple of bags of potato chips into the house in her overnight bag and there was always plenty of fruit in the kitchen. She found she still avoided the apples but Regina said even Henry still eyed them with suspicion, so Emma didn’t feel that bad. She’d always preferred bananas. Oranges had been her favourite as a child, but she found they used to take too long to peel and invariably one of the other kids had taken it by the time it was ready. She looked back through the fridge to see what to make for breakfast; she pulled out the eggs and milk and headed to the cupboard with the flour. Pancakes. A good day always started with pancakes. “Good, you’re up,” Emma beamed at Regina who walked into the kitchen as she popped up from one of the cupboards with a frying pan. “Subtly is not your forte,” Regina sighed her reply, taking the frying pan from Emma’s hand and swapping it for another one, “and thus you do little quietly.” Emma wasn’t listening though, too busy looking at the new frying pan in her hand trying to work out what was different about if from the one she’d previously been holding. “That was my nice frying pan.” Regina explained, once she was stood tall again, having rearranged her pots and pans from the cupboard beside them. “I’m not even going to ask about why you have a ‘nice’ frying pan. And I’m definitely not going to ask why I’m not allowed to use it.” The two women got into a rhythm; pouring flour and various powders into a bowl — “Not that one, you’ll break it.” “I’ve not broken anything in your house yet” “Yet being the word” — adding milk and breaking eggs. The women worked together as if they always cooked together, as if they’d been doing it for lifetimes. “I’ll get Henry, you start the first one.” “Oh I’m trusted unsupervised now, am I?” “Now I know you’re not going to ruin my nice frying pan.” “You love me being here.” Emma replied without thinking. Emma instantly regretted the words. Every hair on her body rigidly standing to attention in awkward anticipation of what was to come next. 
You love me being here.
 
I do.
 Emma had been so careful since that night. She never drunk too much with dinner, always stayed clear of cider until it was no longer offered once the washing up was done. She’d even avoided having more than two drinks at Granny’s on the odd occasions she went out with anyone else. She’d never asked why Regina suddenly wanted to have Friday Night Dinners. She didn’t want to know why Regina had been so quick to open up her home to her, to offer her an escape from Brother’s sleepless nights. Nor had she asked why Regina had so readily stepped outside and joined Emma in watching the fireworks that evening. The closest Emma had come to speaking about it was that drunken 
You love me being here
 The closest Regina had come to saying anything in return was 
I do
 “Try not to set fire to my kitchen while I’m upstairs otherwise we won’t be able to go out on the boat you insisted on buying from Leroy that you, Henry and your father have been working on every weekend since.” “You want to come out on the boat too.” Emma replied, trying to force and ease to her voice that wasn’t matched by her shoulders. “I want it out of my garage. There’s a difference.” 
 May 
 Emma didn’t like using the key. Her key. However, after several weekends of continuing to knock before entering the mansion Regina had snapped. Emma had snapped back. She thinks she may have sworn as she pulled the door closed, leaving Regina still berating her from inside. Emma had reopened the door, making a show and an overzealous point of using her key, and asked Happy now?  she’d asked, through gritted teeth, when they were face to face again. Just pleased my $8 weren’t wasted was the curt reply she had received.  Emma had used the—her—key ever since. She slipped off her coat, dutifully hanging it up besides Regina’s and Henry’s on the rack (this too, she had learnt would only lead to a scolding if, as she had been doing, left on the banister). She sat on the bottom step and started untying her work boots. They were heavy duty and great for sherif-ing but a pain to remove with the mess of fastenings. Neither of the them had heard Emma come in, but she could hear the pair of them in the kitchen as Regina was readying dinner. “Where are you going with my carrots?” was the part that really got Emma’s attention away from her boots and to the conversation in the next room. “Emma doesn’t eat carrots.” Henry responded. Emma could hear the fridge opening and closing. He’d clearly put them away. “The amount of times you’ve been over for dinner at Grandma’s you must have noticed we never have carrots.” “I spend much of the meal trying to figure out why I built a town with a well stocked spice isle in the co-op—” “I can’t believe you built a town with a co-op.” Emma couldn’t help smiling at her son’s smartass reply. “—if no one’s going to bother to use it.” Regina carried on as if uninterrupted. “What am I meant to puree to accompany the salmon then?” “I don’t know.”  Emma could picture Henry shrugging and Regina’s hands on her hips knocking at the sides of her apron. Emma could see the entire interaction between mother and son, despite the fact she was sat on the stairs, her boots still on her feet. She heard the fridge door open again, the chiller drawer glide out as one of them inspected the remaining fresh produce. “What about those potatoes?” Henry offered. “I was going to make a salad with those.” “The peas, then?” “They’re the wrong kind of peas for pureeing.”  Emma rolled her eyes. She didn’t know how many types of peas there were and definitely couldn’t understand how one type was better for pureeing than another. It all looked the same once blended into a mush.  “Why can’t your other mother just eat carrots like a normal person?” Regina continued. “I don’t know. She’s never eaten them.” There was a pause and Emma heard the fridge door close again. Then a very tentative, “I vaguely remember her saying something in New York; something about one of the homes she was in,” Henry started before quickly stopping. Emma had forgotten she’d told him that. She refused to believe she’d told him everything. While she knew Henry abhorred lies and any sense that he was being lied to, Emma had gotten good at skirting round the truth. Navigating it in such away that Gold would be impressed with her.  “I think she associates carrots with one of the bad places.” Henry finally finished quietly. “Well, she’s not taken off her boots yet,” Emma suddenly leapt to attention at that revelation, unknown that Regina had heard her come in, “go grab your coat and you two can go down to the wharf and pick up some fish and chips for supper.” “Really?” Henry was looking excitedly between Regina and her, as he was swept into the entranceway by the brunette. Emma looked between the boy and mother. She always struggled with how similar they managed to look, despite the fact no blood was shared. It always made her feel like the interloper. But then again, she supposed she was. She wasn’t supposed to be there. That closed adoption thirteen years ago should have made sure of that. Emma watched as Regina removed the apron and started folding it. “Yes,” she smiled at Henry, “Emma’s treat.” “Really?” it was Emma’s turn to question, seemingly now invited into their conversation. “Why am I paying?” “When was the last time I ever bought fried food? Or would you rather the carrot puree?” Regina challenged. “To the wharf!” Emma smiled at Henry, grabbing her coat back of its hook, throwing Henry his own.



Chapter End Notes
It's been a while so apologies if my formatting is off.


Summer
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






June (just)

 “So,” Regina exhaled the word as if it was floating from her mouth, “what’s with the carrots?” she finished the sentence her eyes still fixed on the credits of the Jane Austin film she’d insisted they watch as recompense for all those comic book films you and Henry have made me suffer through. Emma glanced up at the clock on the mantle. It was a little after midnight, Henry had headed up to bed almost as soon as Regina had taken control of the remote. Whatever it is that Mom picks, I’m not going to want to watch! he’d told them both between kisses on the cheek. That had been practically two hours ago, Emma was impressed she’d not been pressed about the carrots by now. Perhaps she was too used to Mary Margaret, her mother dying to know everything and quick to pry as soon as Henry is out of earshot. Yet her mother had never questioned the carrots. Her father had sulked a couple of times, claimed that had Emma eaten the carrots he used to grow on the farm she wouldn’t have an issue with the vegetable. Emma was inclined to agree, but she couldn’t admit that otherwise the two of them would never let the issue lie.  Her parents would share a mournful look before staring at her for a beat too long with— Emma had once thought it was guilt, it might have been from David, but Snow was so sure that they did what had to be done, Emma, to break the curse that she thought it might be sadness instead. “How come when it’s about you we don’t talk about things, but when it’s me we have to discuss it?” Emma tried to deflect. Emma was still full from dinner, she’d had one beer (as she did with every evening meal at Regina’s since Henry had explained they were only in the fridge for her benefit), and starting to feel fuzzy from how exhausting the week had been. She was in no mood to explain about the carrots now. “Because when it’s about me it doesn’t concern you.” Emma felt herself bristle slightly, a memory of trying to speak to Regina thought a locked door coming to the forefront of her mind, “However, this directly involves me.” “How do you work that out?” The television had dimmed where it was waiting to be watched again, a couple of because you watched this boring period drama you might also want to doze along to these recommendations at the bottom of the screen. The moon’s light was fighting against the clouds but unable to break through the open windows. No lights had been put on as the night had drawn in and Emma found herself in near darkness. “While you have proven yourself to be adequate at breakfast-” Emma scoffed at that descriptor, Henry had told her on several occasions since their return to Maine that her eggs were the best, “you’re yet to make cook anything past 11am, meaning that you’re distaste for carrots directly affects me at least three nights of the week.” Emma reached out for the beer bottle, she knew it was empty but sipped from it anyway looking for something to do, for some time to pass. There was a naive part of her that thought if she stayed silent for long enough Regina might get bored, move on. But she also knew Regina and Regina invariably got what she wanted.  Emma could tell the darkness her about her past. But then the darkness already knew. That’s why she had so much trouble sleeping. “It’s as the kid says: bad home, bad memories, bad carrots.” She chanced a glance across at Regina and saw as the pieces fell together for the other woman. Regina had tried to school her features, but she hadn’t been quick enough. “I don’t regret it.” Regina said quietly. “Everything I did led me to-“ “Henry.” Emma nodded along with her. “I know.” She was fiddling with the label on her beer bottle now. The bottle was warm in her hands, the paper steadfastly holding onto the glue, tearing off in bits rather than one refined piece. “It sucks the way I grew up but we got Henry out of it and Henry’s fairly awesome.” Regina made a noise that Emma recognised as derision at the downplaying of Henry’s greatness. In Regina’s eyes Henry would always be everything. The sun, the moon, the very air that she breathed. Henry was her life. Emma found herself scratching away at the glue on the bottle, the paper had all been removed, it lay in tatters across her jeans, the glue now building under her nails. She hated it all with so much passion some days. Hated everything that had constructed her, shaped her, forged her into this— she didn’t know what she was.  Sometimes she did.  Sometimes she was The Saviour. She would rush in gun cocked and ready, a face of determination, shouting things at the villain of the week before saving the day. Sometimes she was A Mother.  Not The Mother because her son had two.  She had been The Mother for a time, but then Henry got his memories back, and everything he had once looked to her to fix; homework problems, bumps in the night, wounded knees were Regina’s to solve again. Henry might be too old to need a mother to coddle and soothe him, but in all the memories he had it was always Regina holding him.  Now she was A Mother. A mother who would buy him the fried foods he wasn’t allowed at home; a mother who would buy him candy at the drug store and the latest issue of Deadpool because Regina didn’t like its swearing a gratuitous violence; a mother who would stay up late and play video games with him. A mother that was probably more like a big sister than a parent. Sometimes she was a child.  She had overbearing parents that looked at her with so much love and too much concern in their eyes. She had parents that would hold her, would scold her, would praise her when she did well and saved the day. But she was 28 when she met them, 29 when she knew who they were—who they really were—she was never a child to them. Sometimes she was a sister.  Her brother was thirty years her junior, born of their parents that were the same age as her. It was with her brother that they would get to see take his first steps, get to hear his first words, they’d get to be there when he lost his first tooth and put a Sacagawea dollar under his pillow for him to find the next morning. But her brother looked so much like her visions of Baby Henry and was named after the first person who loved her. “Did you know she was pregnant?” Emma whispered out. “Who dear?” “Mary- my mother. Did you know she was pregnant when you cast the curse?” “I assumed. They had been married for enough months. Had she not been people would have started talking.” “There was no big announcement? No royal fanfare for the kingdom?” “If there was I missed it. I’m afraid I was somewhat preoccupied at the time.” “Killing things?” She asked meekly, she thought she meant it as a weak joke, but it might have been accusatory. Emma didn’t know when she’d slid from the sofa to the floor. Nor did she know when Regina had moved to sit besides her. She certainly didn’t know when they’d started holding hands, Regina’s thumb drawing slow circles on the back of her own. 

July

 Emma was desperately trying to soothe her younger brother, he had been screaming for the past forty minutes. Mary Margaret had feed him, burped him, changed him, held him, left him, they’d put him in his stroller and rocked him forwards and back, but nothing was distracting him from his tears. Emma had his face against her shoulder as she rubbed circles on his back, her leg bouncing up and down as she sat on the sofa, while their mother tore the loft apart looking for ‘Bear’. Emma didn’t know a baby could form such attachments to soft toys, but after forty minutes of constant crying from the small man she was willing to stitch a new one together for him. “Emma can you call Regina see if it’s there.” Mary Margaret called from upstairs. “It won’t be.” She tried to shout back above the screams of her brother.
 
“You must have left it there after he stayed with you.” Emma looked up to see her mother sat at the top of the stairs her head in her hands. “Then it’s on the boat with David and the kid.” She sighed, rearranging the baby seeing if that would help his mood. “I’m not good at teleporting and they could be anywhere on the water, otherwise I’d poof and get it.” She moved him again, vague memories of calming Henry by rubbing slowly up and down his nose, trying to coax him to sleep that way. “Why’s it on the boat?” Mary Margaret asked, sitting besides her taking one of his tiny hands in her own. “Because you asked me to babysit for what I’m pretty sure I heard David call ‘noisy Enchanted Forest sex’ when he thought I was out earshot.” Emma passed her brother back to the other woman, shuddering as she did so. “As long as you used protection I don’t mind, I’m not having another tiny screaming sibling in nine months time.” “Yes, I know you were babysitting but I mean why were you on the boat? I thought you stayed at Regina’s at the weekends.” “Oh, yeah, that’s stopped.”  Emma rose from the sofa and moved to the kitchen, hoping to busy herself by making drinks before her mother pressed on for further information. She really didn’t want to talk about it. She blamed the boat.  Just as her mother hated the boat; Emma was starting to detest it too. The boat Mary Margaret had so desperately prevented David from buying, but that he wanted just as much as she was determined for him not to have. Emma ended up getting it to shut the pair of them up. Its not like I have any expenses living here and a house is unlikely to just fall into my lap, so I might as well spend my savings on something, she’d shrugged off all the bemused looks and she’d quickly written Leroy a cheque. The boat had been fun at first; she, Henry and David working on fixing it up at the weekends, it felt like it was a family project that ‘proper families’ did together. The kind of thing she would have only dreamt about as a child. The nuclear families she’d read about in her sociology textbooks as a teenager. The scenes in Regina’s garage felt like they belonged in montages in Disney Channel movies — a boy, his mother, and his grandfather all learning together to create something that was just theirs; misadventures with tools, paint being flung in every direction, Henry teaching them the knots that Hook had previously taught him. All of them creating memories that were real, that were tangible, that couldn’t be taken away with curses and magic because they’d taken photographs of their progress, they had evidence of their time together, they had the boat to show everyone, they'd literally carved their names into it. Operation Barnacle, Henry had dubbed it before researching famous sea captains. Henry had been so proud of himself when he’d found out about Phineas Banning Blanchard. He’d wanted to name their boat Phineas. Emma had quickly vetoed that decision, suggesting PB instead, before settling on Peanut-butter. They’d painted the boat in hues of brown giving it a purple trim. That first weekend they were able to go sailing, all of them out on the water, Emma had been so happy—even Regina had joined them in their laughter. “What happened?” Mary Margaret asked, pulling Emma from her thoughts. “You two were getting on so wonderfully.” She was able to put the boy down in his crib, he’d finally settled himself down to sleep, and she joined Emma in the kitchen. “Was she demanding too much of you?” “What?” Emma frowned at her. “Well, it doesn’t seem that long since you were with Hook,” Mary Margaret had taken over making the drinks, Emma able to do little more than fill the kettle before getting distracted. “Not to mention the fact you’re straight.” “What?” “Regina, she’s fallen in love with you hasn’t she? I assume that’s why you fell out.” “Pan.” Emma was eventually able to add to the conversation after catching up with the flow of her mother’s thoughts. “Pan.” “Peter Pan’s back? But how?” “Not Peter Pan,” Emma found her hand at her temples. She’d passed up the opportunity to go fishing with Henry and David, explained that she’d had more than enough experiences of having to hunt her meals for a lifetime. Mary Margaret had got so excited, suggested they spend the day together while the ‘boys are out at sea’, that Emma hadn’t really been able to decline the offer. Besides, Henry and David had literally sailed off on her home.  She was regretting the decision now. “I’m pan.” Emma pressed on. “Pansexual,” she added when she found her mother still wasn’t understanding. “I tend to fall for people, rather than their sex or gender.” Her mother was still frowning.  “Emma,” she really didn’t like the fact that Mary Margaret was reaching out and taking her hand in hers, “are you coming out?” “Like fifteen years ago.” Emma pulled her hand back. She glanced at the door, thought about leaving. She still had her car, she could go out to the woods, hide out there for a few hours. David had promised to have Henry back by six, that wasn’t too long to wait. She was sure she had a book or too floating around on the back seat, her phone had plenty of battery, she could defiantly hide in the woods for a few hours. “Why didn’t you say anything?” “I didn’t know I needed to. Have you ever told me your sexuality?”  Her arms were folded around herself, she knew her body language was not the friendliest, but she was feeling increasingly uncomfortable under her mother’s gaze. “Well no, but—” Mary Margaret paused, finally passing Emma a cup of coffee, “I can recognise when a woman is attractive, I mean there were always pretty women in court, but no one I ever thought about—” “Oh my god, stop!” “—and then I met you father, he’s the only man, person I’ve ever— well, there’s Whale, but he doesn’t really count now does he?” “Did you not hear me say ‘stop!’?” Emma walked away from the kitchen and settled herself back on the sofa, setting her coffee down on the side, her mother had put a sweetener in it. She hated the taste sweetener left in her mouth. She'd have to leave the long anticipated drink to go cold, claim she forgot about it. She was glad when her mother chose to sit in the seat opposite. “Is this A Wardrobe Thing?” Mary Margaret asked after a while. “No, there’s tonnes of closet space at Regina’s and its not like I have a a lot of clothes. I think I have more leather jackets than anything else.” “I mean The Wardrobe not a wardrobe? Like your father and I assumed that’s why you and Hook split up, because you don’t really like people, because of The Wardrobe. Is that why you’re on the boat?” Emma just shook her head, she had no idea what her mother was trying to ask. “When you first moved here,” Mary Margaret tried again, “you’d have rather stayed in your car than accept my offer of moving in here.” “That’s because I didn’t know you; you could have been using the Forth Grade Teacher and Knitted Cardigans Act as an elaborate cover for serial murders.” “I thought it was because you’re not good at letting people in, that do better on your own? That’s what happened with Hook right? That’s why you’re now living on a boat?” “Killian and I ended because I slept with him and it got boring.” Emma snapped out.  Mary Margaret had been going on at Emma for months to talk about what had happened with Killian, what she’d done to make him leave, why she’d driven him away. Emma had tried so hard to keep it in. “It was no longer a game, I was no longer a challenge. He spent months saying how he was going to win my heart, and then I gave him to him and he didn’t want it.” She hated found herself starting to cry, just as she cried that night with Killian outside the dinner. “I told him I was scared of losing him, and he told me I didn’t have to worry about him, that he was a survivor. It was all a game to him.” She really hated that Mary Margaret had moved to sit besides her on the sofa trying to reach out to her but she didn’t want to be held. She didn’t want to be soothed. She cried over Hook months ago. She’d shed her tears, she’d learnt her lesson. He’d stuck around for a little bit, tried to convince her that they could be mates, but she couldn’t. He’d followed her around, pursued her and worn her down. He’d demanded her heart, but when she was willing to give it to him — when it was his for the taking; it was no longer worth anything. She thought back to one morning months ago sat in Regina’s kitchen, she been asked why she wasn’t going sailing with her family. The thought of hanging out with them all; plastic smiles and forced family fun; it had all felt far too exhausting to pretend that she could be Hook’s friend. He had wanted her.  Crossed realms for her.  He got her and changed his mind. Tossed her away like everyone before. He’d found himself rather taken with Elsa, apparently to two of them had spent quite a bit of time together. She was his type after all; blonde, magical, emotionally unavailable, and desperately trying to find her family again. He’d gone with them through the door, promising to help her take back her kingdom. Emma hadn’t noticed Regina’s hand seek out hers as they watched the portal close after them all and the doorway disappear. It was only when Can I burn that blasted boat in my garage now? was whispered into her ear did she recognise Regina’s presence beside her. It’s my dads. was Emma’s reply. It’s a nuisance. was Regina’s. “So you’re living on the boat because you miss Hook?” Mary Margaret was trying to desperately to understand. “I think it’s A New York Thing.” Emma admitted, wiping at her eyes with the back of her hand. “Yeah we have people now; we have you guys, and Henry has Regina too, but I also miss it just being me and the kid. I moved in with Regina on the weekends for Henry and I to spend time together. We can do that on the boat. It’s better on the boat, it’s just him and I. Like it was...” “In New York.” her mother finished sadly. “Look,” Emma turned to face her, “it’s not like I’m planning on taking him and running away; it’s just nice to spend time just he and I. We can do that on the boat.” It was definitely A New York Thing. It was nothing like A Wardrobe Thing. It had nothing to do with the fact that she’d opened up to Killian and he’d left her for a blonde with cold hands.  It had nothing to do with the fact her parents had a screaming child that they photographed at every moment. That Mary Margaret was already trying to get him to stand up so she could measure his height against the doorframe. It certainly has nothing to do with the fact Regina knew how Emma wanted her first cup of coffee in the morning to be more milk and sugar, but every cup after that had to be unaltered, straight from the pot. It has nothing to do with the fact that Regina had swapped laundry detergent because Emma had made a throw away comment about how the scent of Tide Botanical Rain reminded her of Neverland. It has nothing to do with the fact Regina had started keeping blue cheese in the fridge for her because she’d once said she hadn’t had any since she’d left Minnesota. It has nothing to do with the fact that when Emma had said You love me here, Regina had replied I do. It definitely didn’t have anything to do with the fact that when they’d gone out on the boat together—just Regina, Henry, and her—when Henry had fallen asleep, and Emma forgot that she her tolerance for wine wasn’t as strong as her tolerance for beer, that she and Regina had found themselves kissing under the stars. She blamed the boat.



Chapter End Notes
Hey guys, thanks for reading my last update - I was overwhelmed given how long ago I started it and when I next updated.I'd originally planned for the story to span a year, but it's going to go on longer (mainly because I didn't realise the extent of the slow burn).I would love to hear you thoughts on it; its the first SwanQueen fanfic I've written, kind of but that's a different story (literally), I would love some feedback.Cheers guys, Circus


August
Chapter Notes
This chapter looks back at Emma's time growing up in the system; the show hinted that it wasn't a brilliant childhood and so I've tried to expand on that. I've not gone in to details but there is some serious hinting at the neglect she suffered. Just a heads up.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






August

   Emma broke her wrist when she was eight.    The home she was staying had a swing set. Well, the home had a broken fence; the house next door had a swing set. The adults that she was staying with—she didn’t like referring to anyone as parents, foster or otherwise, after she realised how quickly they came and they went.—shouted a lot. They’d started shouting at each other almost as soon as her social worker had dropped her off and pulled away from the curb. Emma quickly discovered that the quietest place, the place where the shouting was more or less dulled out and suppressed by all the other noises of the neighbourhood, was the back yard. She spent a lot of the time sat on the ground drawing pictures with the finger in the dirt. After a while, the neighbour’s kid started suggesting things through the gap in the fence: you should add a dragon, or why don’t any of your people fly? Your people should fly, he usually suggested that Emma draw robots at least your robots look like robots, your dragons look like crap clouds.  After a couple of afternoons, the boy—she couldn’t remember his name, there had been so many children growing up it was hard to keep track.—suggested they should play together. Dragons verses robots was the game he proposed. Emma demanded to know what powers the robots got, if they were too good it wouldn’t be a fair fight, before she climbed through the hole in the fence and they chased each other round his garden. She broke her wrist because for five whole minutes when she was eight she thought she might be able to fly. As a dragon she was beating the boy’s robot every time. Even when she allowed him to ‘power up’ and have arms that could shoot lasers. Emma had got so confident in her abilities as a dragon she believed she might be part dragon—that was clearly the reason she could never stay in a home that long because no one understood how to properly look after a dragon child so social services had to keep moving her about until they found the right adults; adults that were part dragon too.—she told the boy this in no uncertain terms and even offered to prove it to him by flying. She climbed to the top of his swing set, annoyed by the fact she’d needed him to keep it steady to do so, and jumped. Emma was so convinced of her ability to fly that she hadn’t taken landing into consideration and so when she inevitably fell she hit the dirt quickly and painfully, putting out her wrists to break her fall. It was her right wrist that took the brunt of it. The adults she was living with told her to stop crying and wasting their time. She was told it would bruise but it would be better in the morning. She was given a bag of frozen peas wrapped in a dish cloth and then sent to bed early as punishment for wasting a bag of frozen peas.  It was her second grade teacher, the next day at school, that noticed the severity of the swelling and the odd protrusions at her wrist. She was rushed to the school nurse, and from there to the hospital where her social worker was waiting with a book bag of Emma’s meagre possessions. She was given a purple cast and never returned to the shouting adults with a broken fence. Emma stayed away from swing sets for a while after that. She certainly stopped believing in dragons and fairies or anything else she hadn’t seen with her own two eyes.   Emma broke her leg when she was thirty-one.   The fight with Grendel and his mother—who brings their mother to a battle? she’d asked before Mary Margaret and David coughed nervously either side of her—had gone badly wrong, with Emma forced to watch David remove its head from her position pinned beneath a car. It seemed both Grendel, and his mother, had some significant strength and could throw a Ford Escort with considerable ease. Mary Margaret needed to unleash a quiver of arrows into the pair of them before David could get within sword’s range. Emma had been fairly useless both before and after the car was thrown at her. It had required Micheal Tillman’s tow truck and what seemed like half the town to free her.  Whale was practically giddy when he saw the mangled state of her leg such was the damage it had taken. She woke up from surgery to find herself strapped to the bed in a mess of metal contraptions. Of course Frankenstein was going to put pins in my leg. Emma has been told she’d repeated that joke whenever the nurses upped her morphine.  Emma found the difference between this break and the one she’d suffered as a child was that she had a lot more people to sign her cast this time; countless Storybrooke residents stopping by the loft with baked goods and a Sharpie. Ruby was especially proud of her depiction of Grendel on the plaster. But as anthropomorphic fury things go, I’m cuter right? she’d asked as she’d completed her master piece that stretched from just above Emma’s knee to the top of her thigh.   Emma hated being back at the loft.    There were so many stairs to and from the street she felt trapped. It was only when David was about, the only one that could help support her weight, was she able to leave the apartment. The rest of the time she was stuck on the sofa seeing how many hours it would take her to complete Netflix and whether or not she could get her wizard up to the same level as Henry’s knight on the xBox he’d leant her. She didn’t want to be back at the loft but unfortunately Mary Margaret had put forward two very solid arguments as to why she needed to move back in. The first was that there wasn’t enough movability on the boat for Emma to be able to swing her cast round. The second was, even if the boat had been big enough there was no boat for Emma to hide out on anymore; the boat having been another one of the casualties of Grendel’s short stay in Storybrooke. You can either start talking to Regina again or you can move back home her mother had told her arms folded across her chest, making it clear that Emma didn’t really have much of choice in the matter. She’d decided that the bonus of living with her parents again was the number of people who had visited with home made treats; she didn’t imagine Granny would have been willing to knock on the door of Mifflin Street with a basket of muffins. The downside of living with her parents again was that she was living with her parents again. Though  Brother had, admittedly, stopped waking up at 3:47 in the mornings. “You could just start talking to Mom again and she could finish healing your leg for you.” Henry suggested, not looking away from the screen, as Emma tried to remove herself from the bathroom with as much dignity as possible given she was in a cast from ankle to hip. “We talk,” Emma told him, reclaiming her spot on the sofa and picking up the second controller again. “You text,” he corrected. “A legitimate form of communication or do you not want to spend time with old and decrepit mother any more?” Henry spun quickly to face her, seemingly appalled at what she’d just said. “Me, I meant me!” Emma explained pointing up and down her broken leg. Satisfied with that response, Henry turned back to the game. “Texting each other drop off and pick up times is not talking. I’ve seen Gramps have a more emotionally involved conversation with Katherine at Granny’s and he cheated on her.” “Which you actively encouraged so don’t you act all high and mighty about it now.” “Yeah but I was 10. I thought it was just kissing and holding hands. I didn’t know they were going to have s—“ “Sesame Street marathons.” “Yup, a whole lot of Sesame Street, which is how I have an uncle now,” Henry nodded. “Just don’t do that thing where you talk through me again, like last summer, that was the worst.” Emma remembered the shouting adults that spoke to each through raised voices and slamming doors. She thought back to the couple that couldn’t be in the same room as one another; the woman would walk into the room and the man would walk out— on really bad days they’d ask one of the kids if the coast was clear before crossing any thresholds. There was one house where the man had just left and the woman cried herself to sleep each night. The worst house was the one where the adults loved each other while the sun was up, but as soon as dusk fell the whiskey bottle would come out and things would be thrown. In the day time they appeared to be the picture perfect couple, despite the bruises to his face and the scratches on his arms, the wife would make his lunch for work and kiss him on the cheek as he left. Emma never understood why he let her get so close in the day time given what he suffered at night. Emma thought the better places were the group homes. Where the adults worked in shifts, they kept name tags round their necks, and nobody made a secret of the fact that they were only there for the money, that looking after all them was a job. A chore. A thing to pay the bills.  At least in the group homes no one pretended that they were a family or that the children might find love in the house. She hit pause on the game and tapped Henry on the shoulder encouraging him to look round and face her. She gave him a doleful smile before patting the edge of the sofa to get him to move closer still. Once he was settled next to her and an arm wrapped around him she whispered into his hair: “I’m sorry, Kid, I’ll try and do better.” “You said that with the Friday Night Dinners and then again when you spent the weekends at Mom’s. You do great for a bit and then you—“ he stopped suddenly, moving to his knees so he could look her in the eye, “Is this A Wardrobe Thing?” It wasn’t A Wardrobe Thing. It was just how Emma dealt with situations; self preservation after years and years of learning that people would only let her down. That promises couldn’t be kept and patterns might become routines and routines might stay for a while but inevitably things changed and she would have to learn everything again. It was the constant learning that she found the hardest.  She’d quickly ascertained that the adults weren’t there to love her; they were there to feed her, give her a bed at night, make sure she went to school during the day, keep her out of trouble.  For the most part the adults did this.  Some better than others. Some houses the food was healthy and meals were eaten around a table with everybody’s day discussed between mouthfuls; some of the beds she had came in their own room and she had privacy and secret places to keep her most precious things; some of the adults dropped her off at school and made sure she had enough school supplies; some of the adults even sat with her after school and helped her with her homework. But with every new house came a new set of adults and every adult had their own set of rules. It was the rules that Emma found the hardest to keep track of. One house she had to be in bed and stay in bed—regardless if she needed the toilet or not—at seven. One house she wasn’t allowed in the kitchen without permission, even to get a drink of water from the faucet. One house she was yelled at for using too much toilet paper; Emma hadn’t known there was such a thing as ‘too much’ toilet paper, that there could be a set amount that could be used depending on what you’d done. Two sheets. Four sheets. A lot of the rules she was never told. She just had to know them. But Emma didn’t know if she knew the rules until she’d accidentally broken them, like at the house she’d turned the TV down so she could focus on her homework; in that house only the adults were allowed to touch the remote. Finding out the consequences to the rules she hadn’t known was usually a painful lesson. Once Emma, when she was done with her Happy Meal in McDonalds and waiting for her social worker to get off the phone as he arranged the next house, wrote down all the rules she could remember from as many of the houses she could recall. She made sure her writing was really small, she didn’t want him to see, she didn’t know if she was breaking the rules by writing them down, she didn’t know if it was cheating, if she had to keep them all in her head. But the napkin was too small and the colouring pencil that had come with her meal blunted too quickly to hold all the rules from all the different places she’d lived. It might have been A Wardrobe Thing. It probably was A Wardrobe Thing. It was so obviously A Wardrobe Thing that even her thirteen year old son had noticed and called her out on it. “I’ll try to do better, Kid,” she repeated softly. Adding yet another rule to the hundreds she’d collected since childhood: Do not avoid the co-parent of your child.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you all for the hits, the kudos, the bookmarks and the comments. I appreciate them all.I'll have the next update for you Tuesday :)


Autumn
Chapter Notes
You may have noticed that I've changed the rating; Emma has started swearing.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






September

 David had taken her to her appointment to have her cast removed, while it had gradually been reduced in size until only her lower leg needed protection Emma still resented missing out on summer because of it. She’d envisioned days of bike riding and picnics in the woods, of throwing balls in the park, of sailing around on calm waters; countless activities that Henry would be able to document on his camera. Fun filled family days that would require full movability of both her legs. She hated that she’d missed out on yet another summer of Henry’s life. But more than that, she resented the fact that everyone—even Leroy of all people—always responded to her complains about her leg with if you’d just called Regina none of this would have happened. She hated those comments because she was The Saviour. She didn’t need to call Regina every time something went wrong in the town, or whenever some new villain Apparated outside the Clock Tower. She was the product of True Love. She slew dragons and broke curses. She travelled across lands and through time. She didn’t need to call Regina to help her save the day. Belle only found out about Grendel by chance in an old Anglo Saxon tome lying around in the back of Gold’s shop, Beowulf not even a significant enough folk lore to warrant a Disney movie. There was no way Regina would have been any better suited at fighting him than Emma or, as it turned out, her parents had been. Emma’s only focus was getting the cast off; ignoring Whale’s pleas to keep resting her leg and paying him little mind when he told her it could take anything up six months to heal properly.  She was too excited to have a bath in the first time in six weeks, be able to fully stretch out and get properly comfortable when she slept. But she was most looking forward to being able go out and about, more or less, unaided; to be able to walk to Granny’s without having to rely on someone else to help her up and down the stairs; to be able to walk to Granny’s period. Emma simply wanted the cast off and regain her independence.  To no longer have to need anyone else. The world was always safest when she didn’t need anyone else. Henry didn’t count.  Her need for Henry was entirely different; she held the balance of power in that relationship because he needed her more; to feed him, to clothe him, to love and protect him. She was there to provide all the things that she could never guarantee from adults as a child herself. All she needed from Henry in return was his happiness, his security and safety, but most importantly his own sense of self worth. Emma didn’t like having to need others in that way. Hated needing to be back in the loft so there was someone to make sure she didn’t fall over and not be able to get back up. Hated needing Mary Margaret to shop and provide for her because she couldn’t do it herself. Hated that she needed her parents to cook for her because she struggled to stand for extended periods of time. She hated it all so much because she didn’t know how long it would last before Emma got in the way, became an inconvenience, and sent away. The care and the attention never lasted because she’d always become an inconvenience at some point David put the cruiser into park and pulled Emma from her thoughts. They were across town, only a couple of blocks or so from the school, a quieter part of Storybrooke with larger houses and open spaces that she seldom visited. “What do you think?” he asked her, nodding towards a three story, white painted house with an old Volvo in the drive across the road from them, as he removed the keys from the ignition. “I think we’re the wrong people to be investigating tax evasion.” He simply smiled softly at her, patted her knee a couple of times, and climbed out of the car. By the time she’d managed to get herself and her cane out of the car too, David was trying to get the door to the house open. “What do you think?” He repeated the question, holding the door open so could move into the entrance. “That the owner took decorating advice from Granny.”  She ran her finger along the table at the entrance; it held an old rotary phone, notebook and pen, and signs that the grand house hadn’t been occupied in some time.  “Why are we here?” she asked wiping her finger clean on her jeans. “Just walk around the place and tell me what you think of it!” She raised an eyebrow at him but he just remained where he was leaning against the doorjamb arms folded tight across his chest. “Given the level of dust I’m guessing the Golden Girls aren’t going to coming home to find us snooping,” she sighed pushing open the door to an adjoining room. She stepped out of the hallway and into the main room; floral prints and layers of dust adorning every surface. She found the room lead through to a kitchen, again hideously decorated and decades out of touch, from there a dinning room with mahogany furniture not dissimilar to Regina’s and she’d completed the circuit of the lower floor finding David where she left him in the entrance. “The owner died a long time ago,” he said to her as she looked back around the spacious hallway. Emma turned away from the watercolour decorating the wall in time to catch a flicker of emotion play across her father’s face. “You knew them.”  It wasn’t a question, it didn’t need to be. “Johanna,” David confirmed after a long pause, “she was your mother’s wet nurse.” “Wet n-” “You don’t want to know.” “Medieval thing?” “Certainly before Enfamil was around,” he nodded. “You going to look upstairs? There’s two more floors waiting for you.” She glanced up the stairs before turning once more in the grand entrance way to truly try and take everything in. The property was outdated, almost untouched since Reagan left office, but impressive nonetheless. “Why are we here, David?” “I’m trying to find out what you think of the place,” he moved away from the door and tried to guide her up the stairs, laughter beginning to play on his voice, “do you like it?” “It gorgeous,” she replied simply, still trying to ascertain if she could be bothered to climb the stairs and investigate further. She imagined she’d only find more shades of pastels and cobwebs. “We know, but what we don’t know is if you and Henry want to move in with us-” he covered her mouth before she could interrupt him, “-there’s enough room upstairs to convert it into a proper apartment; no private access but you two would get a lot more peace that you’ve got with us all in the loft. But,” he said the word with such force that Emma knew she still wasn’t allowed to speak, “we also know that both living in town is and your independence are important to you in which case we’d sign the loft over to you.” “Wait,” she pulled herself away from him and started slowly up the stairs before grabbing the banister and promptly sitting down, “you’re giving me a choice?” David sat down beside her with a nod and a smile as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Of course.” “I’m just,” she looked away from him and tried to look at—really look at—as much of the house as she could from her vantage point on the stairs, “I’m just not used to have a choice in things,” she finished quietly. “Well, you don’t need to decide now, we’ve got to modernise the kitchen, paint, and toddler proof it all, that’s going to take a little time.” “Thank you,” she leaned into him and as an arm wrapped protectively around her she found she added a quiet: “Dad.” into his chest. 

October

 Her mother had been hell for days. Snapping at anyone and everyone that came to the loft; Belle had offered to take Neal for a walk one afternoon in the hope that some peace might calm Mary Margaret down a little, but with Brother out of the loft her mother’s ire was far worse. To the point that David called Belle after less than half an hour and begged her to bring Neal back. Henry had stupidly reminded his grandmother that this wasn’t her first move, but even he got a frosty reply: I was hiding from your mother, I didn’t have possessions and a baby to think about! Do you have any idea how many toys he has? Or the amount of Henleys your grandfather owns? Henry hadn’t returned to the loft after that altercation, preferring to meet Emma at the diner for dinners rather than staying the night. Emma had, and she wasn’t entirely sure how, managed to persuade her mother to stay and manage the house on the day of the move—arguing that she would be better suited to explain to the dwarfs where she wanted the furniture than David. So it fell to Emma to supervise things at the loft with Henry, who had been promised who be protected from his grandmother and bribed into helping with unlimited comics for a month, while David ferried boxes in between the old and the new properties. While Emma had fully intended to help her parents with their move, finish packing boxes and carry them down to the street for David to collect, she found she and Henry were easily distracted by the prospect of the loft being for just the two of them. Emma found she was moving her things downstairs and Henry rearranging her old room to make it his own (he’d even started planning out where he was going to put posters up, something he wasn’t allowed at Regina’s, and got some paint swatches from the hardware store) rather than doing anything productive to help her parents. She had her arms filled with jackets and halfway down the stairs when the door to the loft swung open. She was too busy panicking and readying her excuses to tell her mother to properly acknowledge who’d walked in. “Ms-” Emma looked down at Regina and saw her shake her head, “Emma,” she’d corrected by the time she’d reached the bottom, “your mother has asked me to help you finish packing the kitchen.” “You got kicked out of the house,” Emma corrected, finishing her own task by dropping her jackets onto the floor of her new bedroom. “Apparently if I wanted Snow White miserable all those years I should have just cursed her to move house each day.” “So...” Emma fount her sentence quickly trailed off though, tucking her hands into her back pockets, suddenly at a loss of what to do or say. “Yes. Quite.”  Regina appeared to be suffering the same, having wrapped a hand protectively across her stomach putting another protective barrier between them. Emma had kept her word with Henry and tried to do better with Regina; the pair of them no longer simply trading texts about where Henry was staying and for how long, but able to exchange niceties and even, on some occasions, small talk at Granny’s when they bumped into each other in line for coffee or lunch. However, Emma had also, since her return to work, upgraded the Sheriff’s Station to a paperless system enabling her to email reports and any forms that required the Mayor’s signature straight to the Town Hall meaning less need for them to see each other face to face, even in a professional capacity. She’d found that in turn, after a couple of weeks of sending David to meetings in her place, Regina simply started scheduling them on Emma’s days off. Emma didn’t blame her really. She couldn’t. After all Regina had tried to keep Emma talking to her but there was only so long the woman could continue before loosing all sense of self respect. After that night, after their kiss—after Regina had pulled away breathless from Emma’s needy hands; after Regina’s logic of we really shouldn’t, Henry could wake at any moment had won over Emma’s bargaining of he’s below deck and the kid’s been held prisoner in Neverland by his great grandfather, I really don’t think catching his moms kissing is going to scar him for life.—they’d spent most of the next day together; Henry had been determined to get his mothers to fish with him but neither acquiesced, Regina preferring to read a book while Emma simply spent her time watching the pair of them, her hand always seeking out Regina’s whenever she was certain Henry’s attention was captive to the sea. It was only on returning to Storybrooke, once the boat was secured at the quay, their supplies from their night on the water unloaded at the mansion, when Henry had disappeared upstairs to take advantage of indoor plumbing, and Regina had asked Emma to help prepare diner, did she feel the accustomed gnawing in her chest.  It had almost been comforting in its familiarity. Emma had made up a reason to head back to the loft a night early, a lie so transparent that Regina did well to hide her disappointment. Regina had tried calling her during the week but she had let each one go to her voicemail. Any texts that were sent, Emma deleted before reading them.  The following weekend she caught a bug that had been going round Neal’s baby group, a bug that kept her in the loft rather than allowing her to go to Mifflin Street as custom. Emma tried to stay hidden away upstairs but couldn’t fail to hear her poorly built deception come crumbling down when Regina popped round with leftovers neatly boxed in Tupperware and found Brother happy and well. The last text Emma had received from Regina that wasn’t Henry related had simply said: If you expect me to chase you around like some prized trophy in the same manner as Captain Guyliner your are surely mistaken. Leaving them at this point, weeks later, stood opposite each other with nothing to say. “Is there anything of yours I should be aware of?” “Sorry?” Emma shook her head unable to understand the question put before her. “In the kitchen,” Regina pointed in its general direction as if Emma had no comprehension of the concept, “plates, pots, pans?” perhaps Emma didn’t. “Am I to pack it all or does any of it belong to you?” “Oh no, yeah.” “Which is it?” “It all needs packing,” Emma found herself nodding along, “I guess I need to go to Ikea before the kid stays over.” “Please, I’m not going to have our son live off take out at the weekends.” Emma knew that Henry was listening upstairs, she knew that he was silently imploring her to say something—anything—to fix the chasm that had fallen between them, but as she watched Regina finish boxing up the kitchen Emma honestly didn’t think she had enough words to fill the gorge she’d created. 

November

 Emma had spent the morning sat on the floor with Brother pottering around her, intermittently bringing her toys and clapping at the parade on the television, trying to narrate what was happening through his babbles. Emma chatted back at him, pulling his attention from his toys whenever something she thought he’d find interesting or she found interesting, at least. She’d spent more time that was probably necessary trying to get him to say ‘Elsa’ when Idina Menzel appeared on screen, however, Brother had been more enamoured with the giant inflatable Chase. Emma thought that was probably wise given that reminders of her friendship with Elsa triggered thoughts of Hook; and she really didn’t want to be thinking about Killian given her mother had once again invited Regina to spend Thanksgiving with them. Brother had toddled off in search of his PAW Patrol toys, at least Emma assumed that’s what his noises had been about, when she heard the door bell ring, niceties exchanged and pie handed over. Emma was tidying up the mess of toys Brother had already got out by the time Regina came through and placed herself in one of the arm chairs. “Only your mother could replace different shades of pastels with different shades of pastels,” she commented looking around the living room. “Have you not been here since Mom and Dad finished it all?” “Mom and Dad?” Regina arched an eyebrow, “since when?” Emma merely shrugged, swooping Brother into her arms as he re-entered the room a cuddly Marshall tucked in his arms. “I imagine he’s enjoying all the space of the house.” “Think so,” Emma tried to stand with him still in her clutches, but on loosing her balance she and he toppled backwards causing an eruption of laughter from him. “He’s still not talking so we can’t exactly ask him.” “Henry didn’t start until he was practically eighteen months so I shouldn’t worry about it.” They fell back into silence, punctuated only by Brother’s attempts at communicating and the sound of him tipping the toys Emma has just tidied into a box back onto the floor. “Henry’s up in the room Mom and Dad set up for him here,” Emma suggested after the quiet between them got too much for her to handle, “if you want to see him?” “Seriously?” Regina was staring at her incredulously, before waving her away dismissively. “What?” Emma asked trying to understand. “You barely talk to me for months—months, Emma, months!—yet they’re now Mom and Dad, like it’s the most natural thing in the world to you?” Emma looked up at her from her position on the floor, surrounded by Brother’s toys, and had never felt so small. “Never mind,” Regina sighed out as she rose to a stand, further dwarfing Emma, “I told Mary Margaret this was a mistake.” Emma found herself scrambling to her feet, chasing after Regina’s retreating figure. She sent a quick glance to her brother, scanning the room for any imminent danger but reasoned their parents were only in the kitchen if he got into any real difficulty, and caught up to Regina in the hallway putting on her coat. “Apologise to your parents, but I won’t be staying for Thanksgiving after all.” “Regina don’t,” Emma sighed moving between the woman and the front door. “Don’t? Don’t?” was Regina’s hissed reply. “Don’t what exactly, Ms. Swan?” “Don’t go,” Emma finished, ignoring the fact she was back to Ms.Swan again. Given the lengths Emma had put to distance herself from the older woman it was shouldn’t have come as a shook that Regina would hide behind formalities. “We can do this. I can do this,” she corrected. Regina folded her arms tight across her chest, eyes closed, and breathing heavily. Emma imagined the older woman was slowly counting to ten. “Moms?” both women snapped their attention to Henry descending the stairs, his Nintendo Switch beeping away merrily ignorant of the tension in the room. “Henry,” Regina moved away from Emma and towards her son, taking his cheek in her hand once both his feet had finished their descent. Emma noticed that Henry was practically Regina’s height now, that his other mother barely needed to crouch anymore to meet his eyes. “I’m going to go back to mine, Emma’s going to apologise to your grandparents for me but-” “You two have already fought, and you can’t stay for dinner,” he made no attempt to hide the disappointment in his voice, but there was no surprise in it either. As if he’d made plans for this outcome when he woke this morning. He pulled away from her grasp and headed into the TV room the door closing firmly behind him. Emma watched Regina’s shoulders slump, before the woman quickly tried to stand tall again, as if putting on a mask of bravery, before turning back to her. “Lily,” Emma swallowed quickly, her heart beating too fast, adrenaline causing a feint taste of bile in her mouth, “she stole a load of money from my foster parents and got me kicked out.” “Who?” “My first kiss.”  Emma could almost feel the flow of every blood cell around her body, as if her skin was too tight, but if she didn’t say it now then it would never be said, and they’d be trapped in this purgatory, so she ignored the growing sense of discomfort and continued: “Neal left me in prison. Chloe moved to Tuscan for a job, knowing I couldn’t go with her-“ “Why?” “I think I’m still wanted in Arizona for skipping bail.” “How very Jean Valjean.” “Graham-” Emma caught Regina’s eye and saw, what she thought was, fear; Regina’s face had certainly displaced the indifference she’d been wearing before. “You know what, let’s ignore Graham because I’m ninety per cent sure you killed him. Neal got shot,” she pressed on with breakneck speed instead, “then he comes and finds us in Neverland, only to be torn away from me by another fucking curse,” Emma continued, swallowing more bile as she closed her eyes as if she was speaking alone in her bedroom at night. It was easier telling the night, the darkness knew her secrets, that’s why she had such trouble sleeping. “Walsh was a flying monkey. Neal died, again!”  She was crying, she knew she was crying, she could feel the tears streaking down her face, taste the salt in her mouth whenever she opened it to add more names to the list.  “Killian traded me for another blonde practically as soon as he’d thrown aside the condom and buttoned up his pants. And you-” she opened her eyes, searching out Regina’s, as she tried to regulate her breathing.  It was all too hard, too much. Her skin was tightening further still, it was choking her.  But it had to be said, it had been too long, she had to explain her actions. “-you have a fucking soulmate. Forgive me for finding this hard, for needing time, for not wanting to play happy families and act as placeholder for my favourite Disney hero growing up.”



Chapter End Notes
My wife thinks I should tell you all that if you're enjoying this you might want to know that I've had a SwanQueen book published (Loving Henry: https://tinyurl.com/y8gtkbby) but I was going to tell you once I'd completed this story...As ever, thank you for reading, the kudos, and the comments.Update next Tuesday,Circus :)


December
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes






December

 Regina hadn’t stayed for Thanksgiving dinner, choosing to disappear in a cloud of smoke rather than deal with Emma’s outburst. Unfortunately, Emma still hadn’t worked out how to teleport so she could only hope for a hole to swallow her when her parents and son emerged from behind their respective doors into the hallway. Emma looked between their three worried faces before grabbing her jacket, telling Henry she’d pick him up in the morning, and heading out through the front door. Regina had emailed Emma a couple of days later, it was sent between their personal accounts, and it had taken her several attempts to actually open it though (it needed to be rescued from her trash folder a couple of times too).  But on reading it Emma found an explanation to Graham’s sudden death so soon into her life in Storybrooke. Regina had written how she’d come to be in possession of his heart, why she’d held on to it so tightly, and then why she’d squeezed it so finally. Emma had known some of the story from Henry’s book, Regina’s side of things didn’t paint her in any better light than the biased narrative of The Author’s, but she appreciated that Regina had told her the truth.  Emma thought about replying, possibly trading a story of her own. Perhaps she would tell her more about Lily, or Chloe, or how a flying monkey had been so well disguised she’d actually contemplated his proposal. A story Regina would nothing about. Emma had started writing them down a couple of times, but then abandoned them to her drafts folder. One night, when Henry was at Regina’s and she was left alone with a fridge full of beer—and nothing but Holiday specials playing on the TV she’d purchased before she had managed to get any other furniture to replace her parent’s—she reread the draft. Reread Lily’s tale and so nearly pressed Send but found herself hitting Delete instead. The next night she tried again with a story that Regina might find more familiar. She wrote about the car she stole and the older man she found that came free with it. She described how well she slept with his body wrapped protectively around her. How when she was seventeen she found a man in his late twenties that made her laugh during the day and allowed her safety at night. That, too, was deleted. At the weekends Henry started talking to her about Operation Mongoose. “Mom’s name for our plan to find The Author,” he’d said as it was common knowledge. “You’re scared of being with Mom because you think Robin Hood is going to come back,” Henry had gone on to explain in the exact same tone he’d had when he was ten and trying to get her to believe that she was Snow White’s daughter, “what we need to do is find The Author and get him to prove to you that you’re Mom’s True Love and that True Love beats Soulmate every time.” “What we need to do is finish Christmas shopping,” she’d corrected, throwing his coat at him to usher him out of the loft, ignoring the fact he thought his mothers were True Love and hoping he’d be distracted with suggestions of what presents he might want to open on December 25th. She and Regina hadn’t spoken much between Emma receiving her email and Christmas, they’d fallen back into the habit of only exchanging texts about Henry and swapping small talk at Granny’s.  Her mom kept no secret of the fact she and Regina were spending more time together; even floating the idea passed Emma that she was thinking about asking Regina to be Neal’s godmother. “If we’d been in the Enchanted Forest he would have been baptised when he was only a few days old,” her mother had mused one afternoon, “Red would have been yours had-“ “You not have to put me in a wardrobe,” Emma had finished for her. She’d watched her mother’s face, Mary Margaret always got the same faraway look when something dawned to her; but that time, whatever her mother thought she’d worked out, she kept it to herself having chosen to move the conversation on and ask what Emma and Regina had worked out with Henry for Christmas. It had been decided that Henry would stay at the loft Christmas Eve, open his presents from Emma and his grandparents there Christmas morning, before spending the rest of the day at Regina’s.  When they were in New York they’d spent Christmas Eve in new pyjamas and watched Die Hard, they’d mixed a gooey concoction popcorn, Milk Duds, and marshmallows in a bowl, saying the lines of the movie as it played. Yippee ki yay, father mucker. It was a tradition they’d been convinced they’d done since Henry’s ninth Christmas.  Emma was loosing the memories Regina had given them, they were fading over time until they started to hold no more of a place in her head than past dreams; but New York had been real, that Christmas had been theirs, whether or not they thought they’d been keeping their traditions alive when, in fact, they’d made them up on the spot. Last year Henry had asked to spend Christmas Eve at the mansion—we watch Miracle on 34th Street, the black and white one, not the one with Matilda in—and Emma had picked him up in the afternoon to spend the rest of the day at the loft. He’d reasoned that this year he’d do it the other way round. I may not be a child of divorce, but I still have two bedrooms. This year they’d had sticky popcorn covered in melted chocolate again. This year Henry had accidentally said Yippee ki yay, mother fucker rather than the more sanitised version from two years prior. This year they’d woken up in their new pyjamas, in their apartment Storybrooke, and opened presents sat on the floor next to their tree. It had taken Henry longer to open his presents in Storybrooke than it had in New York, his pile in Maine bigger now that he had a larger family. As he’d rushed off to retrieve the presents he’d got her, Emma had made sure to snap a picture of him in his Wookie slippers for his grandparents as they wouldn’t see him today. I may not be a child of divorce, but I still have two bedrooms ringing in her ears as she’d sent off the photo. Henry clambered down the stairs, his present for her in hand, his new footwear causing him to slide along the wood floor. “Sorry I left this upstairs,” he said sheepishly sitting back down beside her amongst the mess of paper from his own gifts. “It’s okay, Kid, you were excited to see what Santa had brought you,” Emma smiled at him receiving a neatly wrapped rectangle from him. “Do you think we’ll ever meet him?” “Aren’t you a little old to believe in Santa? Like, you were definitely awake when I put those candies in your stocking last night.” Henry just rolled his eyes at her, “Obviously I don’t believe in the fat guy in a red suit-” “Needn’t have bought that giant Apollo bar then.” “-but,” Henry persevered ignoring her interruption, “Saint Nicolas was a real person and like,” he gestured out of the window, “we live in a town with a whole bunch of fairies, one of them has to be interested in teeth. Anyway,” he shook his head and pointed to the unwrapped gift still in her hand, “open it!” She sent him a quick glance and a smile before tearing open the paper, trying to hide the confusion at the box set of DVDs she found. “About Time, Love Actually, and Notting Hill?” she tried to turn her question into a statement, a statement with a smile at the end, with gratitude and excitement. “Guess I’ll add DVD player to the list of things I need to get,” she finished looking around the sparsely furnished apartment.  She hadn’t realised how much furniture her mother had, nor how little was hers, until her parents had moved out and taken most of it all. She didn’t remember her dad bringing anything when he moved in, but then again she didn’t really remember David moving in at all; she’d returned from the Enchanted Forest and he was just there all the time. Her mum had left the furniture that was upstairs; Emma having laid claim to it over the three years she’d been living there. Her dad and a couple of the dwarfs had moved most of it downstairs, leaving just Henry’s twin bed and a chest of drawers for him to design a room around. Henry had brought down the TV and his XBox and they now sat on floor in the living room area, much like she and Henry were now. There was a chair in the space too, another piece of furniture her mother had left. I’ve never really liked it, she’d said as she was making sure everyone knew what there jobs were on the day of the move. The stools at the breakfast bar had also stayed, the new house having no need for them. “You know the XBox plays DVDs,” Henry informed her, pulling her out of her thoughts.  She looked down at her hands, they’d absentmindedly been inspecting the different movies while her mind had been pre-occupied with her furniture. Or lack thereof.  Henry took one of them from her, flipping it over and studying the synopsis on the back. “These are all Richard Curtis films,” he informed her as he did so, “the book got you to believe in fairytales, these will get you to believe in love.” She pulled him close to her and kissed the side of his head, “Okay, Kid, okay. We’ll watch-” she pushed him away slightly again so she could take the movie back from his hand, “Notting Hill once we’ve had breakfast. Go hop in the shower, I’ll start on the bacon.” He hopped up diligently and headed into the bathroom, sidestepping the mess of wrapping paper as he did so. Once the door was shut, Emma retrieved her phone from the mess and fired off a text without thinking. 
Did the curse just come with furniture? Or did you all have to go shopping that first morning?
 Emma was half way through preparing the breakfast when her phone started ringing; turning the heat down low under the frying pan and wiping her hands on her pyjama bottoms, she slid her finger along the screen to accept the call, putting it straight onto speaker without looking at the I.D. “And Merry Christmas to you too, Ms. Swan.” Regina’s voice came out of the cell. “Well, furniture: how did it work?” Emma rephrased, turning the bacon with one hand and pouring hot water over her instant coffee granules with the other. “I don’t know, thirty-one years ago I woke up in a strange looking bed, a room I’d never seen before, decorated in a style completely alien to me.” “So everything came ready made? Like, just add one beating heart?” “If the heart had still beating I’d have done something wrong. But yes,” Regina sighed from the other end, “there was furniture, clothes, a well stocked fridge, even mail waiting for me to open.” “You cursed yourself to receive utility bills?” Emma arched her eyebrow towards the cell on the side, as she plated up the bacon and started on the eggs. “I didn’t write the curse, I merely enacted it.” Emma was sure she heard Regina huff from the other end. “What are you doing exactly?” “Making breakfast while Henry’s in the shower, he’ll be out in a minute if you want to stay on the line.” There was silence for a while, allowing Emma to finish making her coffee; pouring in milk and adding far more sugar than usual. She didn’t know why she’d texted Regina, but her thumbs had written and sent it before her brain reminded her they weren’t talking, that she’d never replied to that email nearly four weeks ago, that they were back to the smallest of talk if they bumped into each other at Granny’s. What she really didn’t know, was why Regina had called her upon reading her message. “I trust you liked your present then?” the question was asked tentatively, Emma barely caught it over the sound of the eggs spitting as they fried. “It was an odd choice,” she mused as she flipped them, “I’m not sure Henry and I have ever watched chick flicks together, but he seems pleased with them and that’s all that matters.” “What are you talking about Ms. Swan?” “The movies Hen picked out for me.”  The eggs joined the bacon on the plates; two each for eyes and the bacon stacked to make a mouth, the breakfast they had every special occasion. It was tradition, or what they’d believed was tradition in New York anyway. “I think buying me Love Actually was a bit on the nose.” “Henry didn’t pass on mine?” “Oh yeah,” their son called out from above the partition between the bathroom and the rest of the loft causing Emma to cringe slightly worried about what else he’d heard, “Mom got you a Christmas present, it’s in the front pocket of my book bag.” “Thanks, Kid!” Emma shouted back at him. “I need to remember that this place has no actual walls next time I put someone on speaker,” she told Regina picking up her cell and changing the audio option as she moved to Henry’s bag at the front door. Kneeling down before it she soon found an envelope with her name on it in, “Do you want me to open it now?” she asked Regina quietly. “No Emma, I’ll leave you and Henry to your breakfast. Try not to feed him too much, he and I will be eating lunch at one.” Suddenly Emma was left with just a beeping in her ear where the call had been ended and an envelope in her hand. Henry came to join her sat on the floor, his back leaning against the door as hers was. He nudged her shoulder, his wet hair tickling her ear, nearly making her loose balance. “Open it then.” “Breakfast is getting cold.” “All the more reason to open it faster,” he said, nudging her once more. She filled her lungs with air, as if the oxygen would made her brave, and then slowly, gently tore at the edge of the envelope revealing an old photograph of Henry sitting on Santa’s—or rather Sidney’s—lap. Emma recognised the picture, she’d seen it in a Holiday frame sat on the mantle and brought out with other Christmas decorations, last year it had been flanked with a small statue of Santa with Rudolf on the other side. She wrapped an arm around Henry and pulled him into the crook of her armpit, placing a tender kiss on his head. “You were too old for Santa in New York,” she complained wistfully. “I think I remember going when I was small,” he frowned up at her, “queuing for ever inside Copley Place and you getting into a fight with this other mom because her daughter kept accidentally hitting you in the line.” “No, that didn’t happen,” she squeezed him tighter, “your mom just gave us those memories—with surprising amounts of detail-” “Mine are getting fuzzy.” “Mine too, Kid, but that’s okay because we have all kinds of cool stuff that happened here.” “Like fighting dragons and breaking curses?” “And some less life threatening activities,” she nodded, loosening her grip on him so she could study the photograph more closely. For Emma her idea of ‘cool’ were the mundane; when she’d told Graham off for buying her a drink, only to see Henry appear, smiling proudly, from behind him; the times they’d played (though Henry was always so serious it was hard to think of him really playing, his knowledge of the world around him far outstripping anything he could imagine) at The Castle; she treasured pints of ice cream eaten on warmer Maine afternoons looking out at the Atlantic; restoring their boat together, removing splinters from fingers and getting smudges of brown paint all over them. Emma’s idea of ‘cool’ were the moments that saw her falling in love with her son, the bond they created and shared. The family she was able to build in a town that no longer felt small and suffocating. For years she’d hidden out in bigger cities, now she was able to stand tall in a tiny fishing town, knowing that she had the love of her son.  Emma cherished every Disney channel montage moment she had with him. “Come on,” she put down the photo so she could rise to a stand slightly more easily, “let’s eat some cold eggs and ham.”  She extended her hand to him but he was too busy looking at the back of the picture to notice. “Mom, I think you need to see the rest of Mom’s gift for you,” he smiled up at her passing back the photo. Emma rolled her eyes, taking the photograph before pulling him to his feet, once standing, Henry flipped the image over in her hand showing her the paragraph of Regina’s handwriting. 
Thirteen years ago you gave me the most wonderful gift I’ve ever received, and while I may not have always reacted brilliantly to your presence in my life, you are everything Ms. Swan. 

You are nobody’s placeholder       R xx




Chapter End Notes
I've realised how many chapters this is going to be; so it looks like its coming to an end... however, I've also started working on a sequel if you like it. Let me know your thoughts!Thank you for all the support,Circus :)


Winter
Chapter Notes
This is both a longer than usual chapter, and on a Friday! Enjoy :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






December

 She knew her son was staring at her, she wouldn’t have expected anything less from him given she’d stopped the car about five minutes ago yet was still holding on the to wheel rigidly, staring straight ahead making no attempt to remove herself from the vehicle. Henry had suggested putting the car into park and pulling the keys from the ignition. He’d proposed that it might help if he got out and went in first. He’d asked if she wanted him to call his grandmother for a Hope Speech. With each offer she’d simply shaken her head and clung to the wheel tighter. It was winter in Maine, she was layered beneath a thick coat and scarf, a beanie adorning her head, and gloves on her hands; consequently she could only assume that her knuckles had whitened from her grip on the steering wheel. “Mom, this is ridiculous,” Henry started laughing at her after she had hastily rejected suggestion yet another suggestion, “this was also your idea. Get out of the car.” “You get out of the car.” “Well yeah,” she thought she heard him mumble as he opened up the passenger side door, “I’ve got Mom’s amazing Christmas lunch waiting for me inside,” he concluded having walked round and opened up her door too. “You drive a noisy yellow Volkswagen, there’s no way Mom hasn’t seen you lurking outside her house like a weirdo,” he started pulling at her hand trying to force her on to the sidewalk. “She probably just assumes I’m dropping you off on the way to Mom and Dad’s.” “Except they live in the other direction and you both agreed I’d walk here by myself given nothing scary has come to town in a while.” “Well then something is due,” she sighed reluctantly getting out of the car. “What did you say this mission is called?” “Operation Mongoose.” “Okay, Kid,” she pushed him down the path in front of her, “Operation Mongoose.” Regina had the door open before Henry had reached the front step; her face lit up with a smile and her arms were wide open to welcome him in. “Merry Christmas, Mom,” he said rushing into her embrace. “And Merry Christmas to you,” she beamed before kissing his forehead. He pulled back slightly and looked between his two mothers, “I’m going to, uh, go do something in my bedroom, maybe put some music on.” “Okay?” Regina frowned at him, “you don’t want presents before lunch?” “No,” Emma watched as he’d made his way passed Regina and into the house disentangling himself from his outside layers, “upstairs with very loud music is good.” Regina turned her attention to Emma for the first time, an eyebrow raised and hands on her hips. She stood guard in front of her door, appearing weary of the nuanced actions of her teenager and blamed Emma for his bizarre behaviour, her fixed demeanour only slipping when Henry—true to his word—started playing music at an excessive volume. Emma could only cringe when she heard the instantly recognisable cords, her mind transporting her to a car ride with Neal as he mimed along to the lyrics using a takeout cup and straw as a microphone, his cocky smile far too wide as he asked do you believe in love? along with the song. “This would be Heuy Lewis and the News,” she told the older woman, as she pointed vaguely in the direction of their son’s bedroom. Regina merely folded her arms across her, “Be grateful,” Emma countered, “he was threatening to play that song Meg sings in Hercules in the car ride over.”  But the brunette held her stance and, as they fell back into the abyss of silence, Emma felt like this was very much a repeat of their early encounters, that she was moments away from a Don’t mistake all this as an invitation and Ms. Swan you made a decision only this time the decision wasn’t about the fear of motherhood but rather fear of loving the mother.  Regina had done so much for her; stretching from helping her pick up her life in New York and plant it back in Storybrooke, to helping it take root and trying to make it flourish. Just as her mom had told her, Emma knew Regina loved her and that’s why it was all so scary. Emma had yet to have a love last; despite all their promises, they always left one way or another. Emma didn’t want to loose her best friend. Not again. “I trust you opened the envelope, that’s why you’re here?” Henry was blaring Happy Together out of his speakers now, Regina rolled her eyes but her arms started to loosen. “What time do you need to be at your parents?” Emma pulled out her phone and glanced at the time, ignoring the nineteen missed calls from her dad, “I said I’d be there about fifteen minutes ago, but,” she pocketed her cell and looked nervously up at Regina, “I wanted to say thank you face to face.” “I know you don’t have any baby photographs of Henry.” “It was the message on the back,” she had her hands buried in her pockets and her head bowed, unable to keep the pressure of Regina’s gaze. “I told Henry that I’m trying to be better, and I am,” she ran a nervous tongue over her lips, “at least I think I am, like with admitting all those reasons I shut you out after-“ “We kissed.” Emma braved a look back up and saw that Regina’s shoulders were slumped and Emma realised the guard of protection hadn’t been for her house, but for her. Regina was protecting herself from Emma, clearly worried about what Emma might make her endure next. The twelve labours of Hercules. Perhaps Henry should have played Meg’s song. Perhaps that was yet to come. “I didn’t shut you out because I didn’t like it or because I didn’t want to do it again, I would very much like to do it again, in fact. Many times.” Emma shook her head and tried to regain her focus, “But, I felt like I had to shut you out because it’s terrifying,” Emma moved a couple of paces forward but stopped just short of the step, “the next day I was here and we were going to make dinner and sit around the table like, like a family and it was all so wonderfully domestic.” “But?” “But you would be with your soulmate, if he wasn’t living in my ex boyfriend’s apartment.” Regina opened her mouth to say something, but closed it quickly, choosing to move away from her door and joining Emma on the path instead. Emma’s breath caught in her throat as the other woman moved to bring her hand up to her face, but stopped just short before snapping her hand back to her side. “I didn’t welcome you into my home to keep his seat warm, I-” Regina’s phone started ringing cutting off whatever it was she wanted to say, she pulled it out of her pants’ pocket and looked briefly at the caller ID before showing Emma, who merely nodded. “Merry Christmas David,” Regina answered. Emma couldn’t hear David’s end of the call but she could assume looking at her own cell she found more missed calls, from both her parents’ numbers now. “She’s here with me, I’ll pass you over.” “Hi Dad, sorry I’m just leaving Regina’s now I wanted to thank her for her present,” Emma rushed out as soon as the phone was against her ear.  Her father started saying something, possibly worry about her absence or perhaps a complaint that dinner was ready but she was not, but Emma was too busy looking at Regina to hear his words. The woman was holding a hand across her stomach as, Emma realised, Regina did so often when she was unsure of herself; but what Emma couldn’t understand was what Regina had to doubt in herself—Regina held all the cards.  It was Emma that had pulled away, it was Regina’s decision whether or not to let her back in. Unless that was what was causing her unease; not able to trust that Emma wouldn’t run and hide the next time she inevitably freaked out. Or simply wondering what the next Herculean task would be: Regina had faced the six months of cold shoulder and survived, but could she, would she, brave what Emma might put before her next? “Yeah Dad, I’m just coming, I’ll be there in five,” she rang off without fanfare, handing the cell quickly back to its owner. “I have to go.” Regina nodded her understanding, “I should check on the chicken anyway and get our son to stop blaring out 80s love songs.” “The Turtles were around in the 60s,” Emma corrected needlessly, “but another one is Neal’s favourites, I’m surprised he chose that before Yazoo.” As if Henry could hear them above the music he was playing Only You started singing out to them from above. Regina shook her head and let out a small smile, “Is this what you taught him in New York?” “No,” Emma sighed, “this is all his dad.” “And it works?” “Got pregnant didn’t I?” “Well,” Regina tucked a loose piece of hair behind her ear, “I’m a queen,” she said standing a little taller suddenly, “I think you’ll find I’m a little more refined than pop songs and a fumble in the back of a car.” “Hey,” Emma pointed back at her, a smile covering her face, “I took you out on a boat, there was moonlight and wine.”  But she regretted it as soon as the words were out, Regina’s posture fell again and an arm was back to wrapping itself across her front. Emma closed her eyes as if that would retract what she’d said.  “I should go, I told Dad I would be there by now,” she pulled out her cell as something other to look at, surprised there were no more missed calls. She offered Regina a timid wave as way of goodbye and headed back to the Bug.  She’d barely spoken to Regina in months despite the older woman’s best efforts; Regina had even written her an email detailing, to a painful degree, her past actions as if she thought giving Emma honesty would bring her back to her.  Yet Emma had ignored it, like everything Regina had offered up before. Forcing her away with her silence. Had she been paying attention she would have heard Regina’s shoes following her down the path, had she been paying attention she might have expected the hand that reached out to grab her elbow. “Where are you spending tonight?” Regina asked when Emma turned back to face her. “Going back to mine, Brother doesn’t wake up at 3:47 anymore, but he’s certainly up before I want to be.” “Why don’t I see if Henry would like to see his grandparents this evening and perhaps we could talk then.” “That would be nice,” Emma smiled back at the Regina, suddenly feeling as though she’d just received another gift from her. 

January (practically)

 Emma didn’t really like fireworks; she could see the appeal of the bright colour illuminating the night sky, but it was the noise she always struggled with. Her childhood had been so loud—children had been constantly squabbling, fights breaking out, things being thrown, doors banging open or slamming closed, the yelling of the grownups—she tried to keep to the tranquil in adulthood. When she was seven she’d been so tired of the noise she’d run away from a group home. But there were different noises on the streets; the endless murmurings of traffic, the yelling of the sirens, the trumpets and percussions of the trains. To keep warm at night she’d been forced to burn books, while the cold no longer disturbed her, the spitting of the fire did. Unable to find any peace, she turned herself in to a police station and hoped for a quieter house. As she lay in bed she didn’t need to look at the clock on her bedside table to know that the New Year had just begun; she’d failed to draw her curtains and the sky was suddenly illuminated by countless colours filling her home from the light show going on outside. Emma hadn’t paid much attention in school otherwise she might have known why light travelled faster than sound; but as the colours in the night were finally joined by an orchestra of explosions she felt Regina stir beside her in bed. She turned to watch as the older woman slowly woke, clearly battling both her tired state and confusion as to what had woken her, Emma unable to contain her smile. Regina had pushed herself up on her elbows slightly, causing the sheet to drop and expose even more of her bare skin, she was looking from side to side as if to get her bearings, but when her eyes finally settled on Emma a small smile crept upon her face too. “I fell asleep,” she told her needlessly, rolling onto her side and allowing her full view of Regina’s supple breasts. Emma was delighted to see goosebumps were appearing on them, Regina’s brown nipples hardening before her eyes. “You did,” Emma nodded moving in closer, her right hand lazily starting to trail its way down to Regina’s hip, disturbing yet more of the sheet that covered her and allowing more of the dancing lights from outside to colour her skin. “I really did hope that when I came here tonight we could finally have that talk,” Regina reminded her as Emma started kissing her neck again, returning to the sensitive spot she’d discovered just below Regina’s ear, bathing in the subtle scent of her perfume that managed to linger despite all of their previous activities. Tonight it was caramelised apples and autumn. Emma realised, as she breathed in more of her lover’s scent, Regina always smelt faintly of apples of one description or another. “You did,” Emma agreed, her hand now freely roaming the expanse of Regina’s body, relishing it’s softness beneath her touch and the way Regina gently trembled under her fingers. “But I seem to have ended up in your bed yet again, Ms. Swan,” she murmured as she allowed Emma to tip her onto her back. “You did,” Emma smiled down at her as her hand gently asked permission to part Regina’s legs once more. 

February

 They’d fallen into a routine, Emma liked routines for the most part, they were similar to rules and as long as you knew the rules you were safe. This part of the routine involved Emma getting them lunch from Granny’s, including a po’boy for Charlotte (she hadn’t quite worked out how Regina’s secretary had managed to get them on Granny’s menu, but she was hoping that Charlotte would teach Emma her ways; she hadn’t had a roast beef sandwich since leaving Boston), and sitting in Regina’s office until she got kicked out and told to go back to work. The weekends they largely spent together—she, her, and Henry in one way or another; sometimes at the loft, but the nights were usually spent at Mifflin Street; My home is not only fully furnished but has walls and doors, Regina had whispered after chastising Emma’s roaming hands in bed one night, ones that fully separate us and any noise we might make from our son sleeping upstairs—but the during the week Emma was sorting out her apartment alone, arranging pieces of hand-me-down furniture from any number of Storybrooke’s residents that thought sharing fixtures and fittings with her was a way of belatedly showing gratitude to The Saviour. (Emma simply wished she’d known her parents had been considering getting a bigger place, she might not have spent all her savings on a boat had she been aware she would need to refurnish.) Sorting out the loft, redecorating, moving furniture around, properly making the space her own had been one of Regina’s conditions. You haven’t been on your own since you moved to Storybrooke, you need reclaim your independence and feel secure in yourself she’d been told. How the hell you gonna love yourself if you can’t love yourself? Emma had retorted back with mock seriousness, thought she’d had regretted it near instantly when she’d had to explain who RuPaul was and then watch countless episodes of Drag Race as Regina fawned over their makeup. “You still have a key to the house don’t you?” Regina asked her without looking up from her paperwork as Emma hung her coat on the rack. “And ‘Hello’ to you too,” Emma rolled her eyes at her, walking round the desk to kiss her on the cheek, “why yes, this is new perfume, I’m glad you like it.” Regina spun in her chair slightly so she could better look up at Emma, “Hello,” she smiled, “you smell nice, is that new perfume?” she asked doing very little to keep the dryness from her tone, “Thank you for lunch,” she added with more sincerity, meeting Emma’s lips to properly greet her. “The Wednesday Special; Caesar Salad for you, a pointlessly tiny pot of dressing on the side,” she proudly removed from the brown paper bag and laid out on the desk, “and a grilled cheese for me, with a wondrously large portion of curly fries because I know you’ll steal some when you don’t think I’m looking.” Emma sat in one of the chairs opposite purposely out of reach of Regina, knowing it would drive woman mad that would have to ask for a fry when she inevitably gave in to her desires. “Do you still have a key to house?” Emma was annoyed that she had to put her lunch on the desk so she could remove her keys from her pants pocket, forced to watch as Regina picked at her fries, a triumphantly smug grin on her face. Emma merely sighed and turned her attention the mass of keys she now had; flicking passed her own, the ones for the Sheriff’s Station, the floral one her mom had cut her for their home, she dismissed a couple she couldn’t place but weren’t designed for house doors, until she found the one she believed went to 108 Mifflin Street. She held it up for Regina’s approval before pocketing them again and retrieving her lunch. “So you’re okay to meet Henry there after school, I forgot about this damned-“ “Language Madame Mayor!” Emma teased, knowing she could entice Regina far worse words from her in far more compromising situations, as she lent back in her seat with her fries once more “-budget meeting and with the Gruesome Twosome scuttling about I’m don’t want him home alone.” “I can pick him up from school if you’re that worried.” “I’m not; I mean they’re more or less harmless-“ “Henry would make a terrible coat,” Emma nodded, “and his singing is dreadful there’s no way Ursula would want his voice.” “-they just give me a sense of unease,” Regina shot, what Emma interpreted to be, a warning look that that was to be her last interruption, “I still don’t understand how they arrived in this world but outside of the curse.” “The Curse or Mom’s Curse?” “Either!” Regina speared a piece of chicken on the  plastic fork Emma had brought her. “I also think it’s suspect that they just happened to run into Gold.” Emma simply shrugged, “We’ll deal,” she managed to get out despite a particularly large fry having just been dropped in her mouth. “You want me to start dinner?” Regina raised her eyebrows, “You sure?” “I can cook some things; carbs mainly—baked potatoes, mac and cheese...” she trailed off before repeating “baked potatoes.” more softly. “That’s not what I meant,” Regina sighed putting down her fork and pushing away her lunch. She opened her mouth as if to explain before closing it quickly. “Out with it.” “You have a history of...” Emma watched as Regina struggled to find the right word, “getting skittish, shall we say, when it comes to domesticity.” “One time,” Regina raised her eyebrows again, “okay lots of times,” Emma hastily corrected, “but I can put a potato in the oven and provide basic sustenance for you and our kid.” “Speaking of,” Regina started looking around the room, “no coffees today? Standards are slipping Ms. Swan.” “Four,” she smiled at the older woman before shooting up quickly and moving to her jacket hanging by the door, smiling as she removed two bottles from its pockets before spinning to show Regina. “Is that a root beer?” “Yeah,” Emma smiled excitedly, “seems Granny has started stocking these too!” She places one under her left arm so she could more easily remove the top of the other. “Thought they were twist-offs,” she complained, holding it out to Regina to open. “Do I look like I can pry them off with my teeth?” “No matter,” Emma, not to be deterred, started looking around the room, ”my mom had a bottle opener here during her brief tenure, somewhere,” her brows furrowed as she reached out to filing cabinet by her. “Wait!” Emma glanced across at Regina, confused by the fact the other woman was suddenly on her feet too, “Don't.” But Emma already had, and looked down and saw what it was Regina had been so afraid of in the drawer. Placing the bottles down on the cabinet, she took the page from the book and studied the image. They hadn’t been together long, they were nearing a couple of months at most, and Emma was enjoying being in the ‘Honeymoon’ stage where it was all smiles and sex. They were both in their thirties—maybe, Emma hadn’t actually asked Regina how old she was and wasn’t sure if the curse years added to the total or not—and neither of them were nuns; she knew they’d both had past relationships. Yet looking at a picture of Regina kissing Robin was tearing her apart. “This didn’t happen, though,” Emma swallowed, showing Regina the picture she was clearly already familiar with, “it’s from The Book, I’ve read it like a thousand times, but it’s not from The Book.” Regina had moved to stand next to Emma, a hand placed on the small of her back as if trying to soothe her, the other reaching out to take the picture. Emma simply held on to it with more resolve. “Robin found it...” Regina told her softly, “before he left with his family. It appeared to him.” Emma stepped away, tired of Regina’s hand rubbing circles on her back as if she were a young child. She couldn’t have Regina touching her whilst she was staring down at an illustration of a much younger, a much softer looking, queen (or was she still a princess at this time) kissing a man with a lion tattoo. An illustration that had been torn up, yet lovingly pieced back together and kept in a drawer for safe keeping. Emma found herself blinking, knowing that her eyes were watering, and her jaw starting to clench as she tried her hardest not to cry. She wasn’t quite sure why she was crying; things were good, so good in fact. It was Regina that made them good. However, Regina had also kept a picture of another love, a love she might of had if Emma hadn’t ruined it for them, and hidden it away. “Emma, it’s not what you think,” Regina was keeping her tone worryingly smooth but Emma didn’t want to hear whatever words she crafted to placate her. “I think,” Emma watched as one of her tears fell onto the Scotch tape, she hated that Regina would have seen it fall too, “I think you’ve kept a picture of you and your soulmate.” Emma had worried about this moment—not about finding a drawing of Robin and Regina in a drawer per say—and she had even told Regina of her worries; the fact that Regina had a soulmate in another city, that Emma might be cast aside should he return. Regina had told her that she had nothing to worry about, that Emma was more than just keeping her bed warm. Regina had promised. Had rationalised. Had explained the reason she’d never gone into the tavern night was because she didn’t really believe in soulmates and the power of Pixie Dust. Yet here was this picture—once destroyed but patched back together and restored, squirrelled away in her office for safe keeping—of what might have happened had Regina trusted in Pixie Dust, trusted in herself, that night. “Okay yes,” Regina conceded, “but it didn’t happen. That,” she was back in Emma’s space pointing at the image in her hand, “isn’t my story.” “But you wanted it to be,” she looked away from the picture and spat the words out at the other woman, “that’s why you were looking for The Author, so He could write you a happy ending. Henry told me all about Operation Mongoose.” “Yes, Emma,” Regina moved to put her hands either side of her face like they’d done so often when they kissed.  Emma had always found it reassuring before; as if Regina wanted to hold on tight to her, that she was something precious. Now Emma just found it suffocating. She stepped out of Regina’s hold once more, hating the fact that she’d backed herself into a corner. “-but Operation Mongoose was just as you said, about finding a happy ending, not about finding a happy ending with Robin necessarily.” Emma just shook her head, she couldn’t, she wouldn’t listen to Regina anymore. “I’ll pick up Henry from school,” she wiped her nose on the back of her sleeve—not caring that it lacked any sense of dignity, not caring that it was just further proof that she was the child Regina so often accused her of being—and grabbed her jacket from the coat stand, hastily throwing it on forcing Regina further away from her, “we’ll go to mine.” “Emma don’t shut me out again,” Regina pleaded. “Just give me some time.” “No,” Regina snatched at Emma’s arm, pulling her away from the door, “last time you needed time it took you six months.” Emma snatched herself away and looked up at Regina’s own wet eyes before turning back to the filing cabinet. She saw the bottles of root beer still waiting to be opened. Monday’s Regina had salmon, she liked having a club sandwich with a bag of chips. Tuesdays Regina had turkey, she had a burger. Wednesdays Regina had a Caesar Salad, Emma had her grilled cheese and fries. Thursdays Granny, bizarrely, always had a chowder in a pot. Emma, amazed that Regina had lived in New England for nearly thirty-two years without trying one, had managed to get Regina both try one to admit she liked them. Fridays Regina had the salmon again, while Emma had started having a po’boy with Charlotte, initially simply to see what the fuss was about, but that had replaced Emma’s second grilled cheese of the week. Everyday Emma got Regina a coffee; a simple white one if her morning had been light, a cappuccino if it had been filled with meetings. For herself it depended on how well she’d slept the night before, usually, therefore she had a coffee too. Emma liked routines; they were similar to rules and as long as you knew the rules you were safe.  But Emma had broken rules; she hadn’t got the drink Regina liked, she’d opened the drawer even thought she’d been told No, and so she was punished for misbehaving. She couldn’t look at the root beer any longer, she couldn’t listen to Regina try and talk her down from the precipice any more, so simply disappeared in a cloud of white smoke.



Chapter End Notes
Have faith in me and everything will be fine.(This is why I've updated today, so you won't have to hate on me for a whole week!)See you Tuesday for the final chapter, and then next Tuesday we'll get started on the sequel if you're still keen!As ever, thank you all for your kind words-I love and appreciate every one; but please feel free to offer up any feedback, I need that to develop as a writer.Have a great weekend everyone,Circus :)


February
Chapter Notes
(Includes a preview for the sequel!)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






February 

 She was doing very well at not checking her cell phone.   She’d reappeared in her office and was most proud of herself for sitting at her desk all afternoon and pretending to do work. Had Regina not worried her about a possible imminent threat from a woman for a propensity for fur and—Emma had needed to Google Ursula unable to fully recall The Little Mermaid, resulting in her loosing thirty minutes down the rabbit hole of Wikipedia—an octopus, she might have wished for a busier town to keep her mind occupied. Anything to stop her thinking about soulmates. That had lead her to another Google search, but her worry was only mildly abated by the fact that Robin and Regina might just be ideally suited as close friends according to the dictionary Google used. (The fact that she’d seen countless ads for dating websites promising to help her find her soulmate only added to her fears.) By half two she’d already made up her mind and by quarter to three she was at Brother’s daycare picking him up so she could meet Henry and her mother from school and whisk them straight to her parents’ house. Emma stood outside the school gates, with a gaggle of other parents and guardians, Brother fidgeting in her arms, as she waited for the Henry and all the other students to emerge. He was confident on his feet now and getting better with his words consequently Emma just had him whining Down! on a loop in her ear. Henry emerged shortly after the bell sounded, but rather than waiting for him to come to her she crossed the playground to meet him. “Hey Ma!” he smiled, offering up his hand to high five his uncle. “Please don’t call me that,” Emma sighed, “we’re trying to teach him my whole name.” “I know,” he repositioned his book bag on his shoulder so he could take him from her, “but I think Ma works.” “See the trouble you cause?” she asked Brother but simply got another ‘Down!’ in response as she passed him over. “What are you guys doing here, anyway, I thought Mom had decided that Cruella and Ursula were safe enough for me to catch the bus home, but just scary enough for me to warrant a babysitter.” “I wanted to catch up with your grandmother and thought I could pick you both up.” “Mm-hmm.” “I miss the days you believed everything I said without question,” she tutted. “Lead me to her classroom will you and we’ll see if she’s ready to go too?” She followed him through the school, not paying attention to the displays on the walls, or even the direction she was heading in, the rows of lockers blurring into one mess of colour, Brother slowly walking beside Henry having been let down as soon as they were safely in doors. “Hey Ms Blanchard,” Henry smiled at his grandmother as he pushed open a door and into a classroom, “I got a couple of people that want to see you.” Brother had rushed passed him though before Henry could finish his sentence, somewhat ruining his bit, and he was in his mother’s arms happily repeating the word ‘Ma’ by the time Emma was in the room too. “And that, Kid,” Emma nudged Henry as she pointed between her mother and brother, “is why we need him to start saying both syllables of my name. You encouraging him to call me Ma; it will only confuse him.” “That will confuse him?” Henry questioned going over to the board, grabbing a whiteboard marker and started creating, what appeared to be, an elaborate family tree. “Hello dear,” her mother simply kissed her on the cheek on her way to shutting the classroom door so she could put Brother down, “what’s going on?” she asked inspecting Henry’s markings, once Neal has pottered off to investigate things at his eyeline, jumping to sit on one of the front row desks next to Emma. “I think we’re about to get the history lesson that nobody asked for,” she responded looking at the mess of names and interweaving lines on the whiteboard. Henry stepped back and surveyed his work, “Where would you like me to start?” “I want you to wipe it off before I over analyse the fact that my girlfriend is my grandmother.” “Step!” Snow offered quickly. “Not sure that’s as helpful as you think, Mom.” But her mother had risen from her seat and approached the whiteboard, taking Henry’s marker as she did so, and started adding more names and lines as if she was suddenly trying to solve the world’s greatest math problem. “And this is even before we put my dad’s side on the board,” Henry smiled triumphantly at Emma, as his grandmother grabbed a different coloured pen and adding yet more connections. “What’s that one?” he frowned looking at the blue line between his Great-grandfather Leopold and his Grandmother Cora. “Had my mother not interfered they nearly married, while Cora was pregnant with your aunt; but we should probably discount this one as you wouldn’t exist as I wouldn’t have been born.” “So like an AU pairing?” “Okay!” Emma slapped her thighs before jumping up, “and I thought it couldn’t get weirder than the fact my mom is younger than me. You win, Kid,” she huffed wiping the board clean, “confuse your baby uncle, call me Ma.”   She had purposely left her cellphone in her jacket pocket, remaining adamant in her belief that not checking her cell was definitely the right thing to be doing.   Henry was at the dining room table doing his homework, her mom was either making hot chocolates for them all or putting Brother down for a nap, she wasn’t sure, all she knew was that she’d been left alone channel hopping trying desperately not to think about the cell phone that she’d trapped in her jacket pocket and left hanging in the hall. Trying desperately not to wonder if Regina had tried calling her (and knowing that she should definitely have texted Regina and let her know she was safe or doing anything stupid like deciding to live on a boat or having cars thrown at her). She wasn’t shutting Regina out per say, she just didn’t want to talk to her right now and that was okay, she reasoned to herself, it wasn’t exactly going to last six months like last time. It definitely wasn’t going to last six months. It couldn’t. Emma didn’t think she could go six days without seeing Regina anymore, let alone six months. Not now that Emma thought she’d discovered all her Regina’s kisses; from the quick Hellos and lingering Goodbyes, to the Thank-you-for-agreeing-to-watch-that-documentary-that-I-know-you-found-boring, and the I-am-going-to-do-terrible-things-to-you-that-will-leave-you-raw kisses. Emma definitely couldn’t go six months without those. She didn’t want to go six months without Regina reaching out and pulling her close when Emma invariably strayed to the edge of the bed. Not now she finally felt safe in another’s arms when she slept at night. Emma knew that she wanted to be with Regina for as long as Regina would have her, she was willing to risk all the defences she’d carefully crafted since Neal had left her in prison, she was voluntarily allowing Regina—the woman who, still to this day, literally had a collection of hearts kept in a dank, dark crypt—access to her most vulnerable organ, she just didn’t want to be with her right then. It wasn’t going to last six months. Besides Regina knew she needed time and space at times otherwise she wouldn’t have made sure that Emma sorted out the loft to make it a functioning home. Regina also knew Emma freaked out a lot, which is why she’d been surprised at her offer of making dinner. Regina was fine, Emma kept repeating to herself as she stared mindlessly at a shopping channel. And if she wasn’t fine, Regina had the picture of her kissing Robin to look at.  Emma didn’t like the latter thought so much and almost wished she’d taken the picture with her when she’d disappeared out of Regina’s office; but had she taken the picture Emma would have spent the afternoon staring at that rather than finding out that Ursula may be a Greek God.  Or part Greek God.  Emma still wasn’t entirely sure, all she knew for certain was that Regina had an illustration of a possible first kiss with her ex boyfriend had Regina been brave enough to run away from forced marriage and her mother. Stupid AU pairings. “I’ve assured Regina that you’ve got no intentions of leaving the state,” her mother told her kindly as she walked into the living room, a baby monitor sticking out of her pocket and a cup of hot chocolate in each hand. “I also told her that since I’d heard you refer to her as your girlfriend for the first time this afternoon, so she shouldn’t worry too much.”  She swapped the remote out of Emma’s hand for one of the mugs, quickly flicked the TV off, and sat down on the sofa next to her. “So,” Emma looked down at the hand her mom had placed on her knee, “Regina says you freaked out about the picture.” She turned to her mother quickly, unable to believe that her mother not only already knew but also belittled its very existence by simply referring to it as ‘the picture’, “Don’t look at me like that,” she was warned, “you know Regina and I are friends now, and you also knew that the price for having time to think would be that she’d call everyone else to make sure you were safe. You’re a known flight risk.” “I’m not a flight risk,” Emma folded her arms across herself. “Please, if Regina knew you’d run away with Henry in the night before the curse broke, she wouldn’t let you anywhere near him and definitely wouldn’t be in a relationship with you.” Emma couldn’t contain the roll of her eyes, nor the fact that the fold of her arms tightened as she slunk deeper into the sofa. She hated how easily she regressed into a teenager around her mother, but there was something about the other woman that brought it out of her. “Do you want me to also remind you that you spent the whole of the second curse with your bags packed ready to go back to New York?” Emma had contemplated going to Belle with her question, Belle would have books and passages on the subject, and if she didn’t already have the books, she’d know where to find them. Belle also had first hand experience with Gold which she could reference. Emma had opted to talk to her mom thought, because she was trying to be better, she was trying to adapt to having parents and do ‘normal things’ with them. And part of ‘normal things’ to do with parents, Emma had learnt from TV, was to go to them with relationship problems rather than ask the local librarian. She also had never had those coming of age moments that one was allegedly meant to share with their mother; she’d realised and come to terms with her sexuality over a decade before meeting her, had her heart broken several times, and arguably the biggest decision of her life—what to do about her unplanned pregnancy—Emma had been alone. All of those times, especially as she’d felt the tiny life growing inside her, she’d missed her mother. It had always felt odd missing the presence and company of a woman she’d never met—to miss a woman who she believed had abandoned her on the side of a road, no less—yet that didn’t alter the fact that she did. She’d grown up with a dull ache, one that couldn’t be soothed or rubbed away. She been told that time healed, but it didn’t. Time allowed the ache to be lessened as she’d learnt to harden herself to it, separate herself from the longing. Time may have allowed the wound to scab but it certainly never healed. For as long as she remembered she’d physically missed her mother. “You and Dad are True Loves, like with capital letters and possibly even an exclamation mark at the end?” it was meant as a statement, but she knew her accidental inflection left no doubt that it was a question. “You’re the very proof of that,” her mother smiled at her, a smile that touched every part of her face, a smile that Emma knew radiated from her mother’s core. “Your magic, if you ever doubt the love your father and I share, should be there as a constant reminder to you.” Emma nodded, because the logical part of her brain—the logical part of her brain that could comprehend the fact that she was Light Magic and her mother was an Actual person rather than just a mythologised version Margaretha von Waldeck (she may have also spent time on Snow White’s Wikipedia page)—knew this. But there was also a part of her brain, the part of her brain that had developed for 28 years in A Land Without Magic and seen Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs countless times because it was the only movie that one of her homes had a copy of, that needed constant, maybe even hourly, reminding that she had parents that not only loved each other but loved her as well. “Are you guys soulmates too?” Her mother relaxed into the depths of the sofa, holding her cup of cocoa between both hands, as if to better contemplate the question put before her. “I don’t know,” she said after a while, “I don’t think I’ve ever thought about it.”  Emma watched her mom take a sip of her drink and waited for her to say more. “Your father is my best friend and he will literally always hold a part of my heart, his personality compliments mine enormously meaning we ruled the kingdoms well together. But,” her mother was frowning now, “why are you asking this? I mean, you know how we fell in love, you and Hook did everything you could to make sure it happened.” She watched her mother’s face, her mom always got the same faraway look when something dawned to her; this time, whatever thought had struck her caused her to put her drink down on the coffee table in front of her and pull Emma into a tight embrace. They didn’t hug often, when they did they were brief Hellos or quick Goodbyes, longer ones were reserved for when someone had just escaped death or if Emma had saved the day, again. This one was different though.  This one felt like the hugs she’d missed growing up.  A hug she might have received when she told her mom about her attraction to girls and what that could mean; a hug that would have held her tight after Mommy I’m pregnant, what do I do?; a hug that could have comforted when Chloe chose her career over her; a hug she might have allowed after Neal’s death had she received the first three. “You want to know if Regina’s love for you could be greater than her love for Robin.” It wasn’t phrased as a question, it didn’t need to be. “She’s not said it, but I know she loves me—god, does she love me,” Emma pulled herself out of her mother’s arms, “she loves so ferociously it can be intimidating-“ she pushed herself off the sofa and found she was pacing, “-but she’s not known for being able to let things go...” Emma wrapped her arms around herself, her thumb toying with her lip until she found she was biting its nail. “When Daniel was murdered she let it eat away at her for, how many years before she killed your father and started to hunt you down?” The question was rhetorical because she didn’t wait for an answer as she continued pacing. “Then when that wasn’t enough she cursed you and half of the Enchanted Forest into a different realm. Then-“ she spun quickly on her feet so she was point at her mother, “-when she thought I was trying to take Henry from her-“ “You did try and take Henry from her.” “Not the point,” Emma shook her head trying to get her mind back on task. “When she thought I was trying to take Henry from her she tried all kinds of ways to run me out of town before attempting to put me under a sleeping curse.” She found she was running out of steam though and slumped onto the coffee table sitting opposite her mother. “She’s now got this soulmate, a soulmate that was promised to be her great love decades ago and she had him and she lost him and she’s kept his picture in drawer in her office-“ The words were flowing from her mouth as if she was no longer in control, as if she’d thrown a sentence out into the ocean but rather than causing a small ripple in the water it had formed a wave, a wave that was just part of a much larger tsunami. “-and the only reason they’re separated is because of me and not in a good She-chose-to-be-with-me-because-she-loves-me way but in a bad She’s-settled-for-me-because-I-brought-back-his-wife-from-the-past kind of way.” Her head was in her hands and her mom was back to squeezing her knee, in a way Emma thought was meant to be reassuring but just terrified her more because instead of a Hope Speech ferociously denying her fear her mother had opted for silence when Emma felt confirmed them. Consequently she didn’t see Henry standing in the doorway, his phone hanging limply from his hand. “The only reason they’re separated is because of you,” she looked up and saw him walking towards her, “Because. Of. You.” Henry repeated moving his grandmother over on the sofa so that he could be the one sat opposite her. “When are you going to understand Ma, you will always trump Soulmate.” “I know you’re the Truest Believer and it’s only natural to want your parents to be together,” Emma sighed, “but I don’t think I’m your mom’s True Love.” “Perhaps not,” he agreed, “but were you even paying attention when I drew out our family tree earlier?” “I really don’t want to think about that too hard because I think I’m your niece by marriage and I know we’re technically royalty but I don’t think even the European dynasties are that interbred.” “But start at the beginning,” he fell to his knees in front of the coffee table and pulled out some paper from the magazine shelf and one of Brother’s crayons, “I didn’t do Dad’s side earlier but maybe I should have.” She turned her head so she could better watch in silence as he redrew the map of names from earlier, adding two more and, finally, choosing a different colour to join his paternal grandfather to his adoptive mother. “What’s that line?” her mom asked after it became no clearer how adding just two names, Baelfire and Rumplestiltskin, made that much of a difference. “That’s The Dark Curse,” Henry explained, once again using the tone he favoured when everything that was obvious to him should be equally obvious to everyone else, “Grandpa Gold engineered everything because it had to be Mom; not Grandma Cora, not Zelena, but Mom,” he picked up the paper and handed it to her, as if holding it might make her see it, “He trainer her, manipulated events, popped up at random places, like when he just so happened to be around so he could help Grandpa David find you when you were asleep, making the blood feud go on and on and on, until it seemed like there was nothing Mom else could do but to curse everyone to a land without magic.” He paused as Emma brought her family tree closer to her: “Do you really think it’s a coincidence that of all the men to get you pregnant-”  “Easy on the ‘all the men’, Kid, despite what your mother might tell you about my delinquent youth, he really was my-” “I don’t care,” Henry quickly waved her and snatching the paper back from her so he could better point at his father’s name, “that’s not important: what is, is the fact that it was him. That it was Rumplestiltskin’s son! The same way it can’t have been a coincidence that the Evil Queen adopted your baby of all the babies in America.” “What are you trying to say?” Emma frowned at him, before going back to staring at the page he was holding in front of her. “Robin Hood might be her soulmate, but he’s not on my family tree, he’s no where near it.” “He’s not on the family tree,” Emma smiled across at him before leaning in and kissing him soundly on the forehead, “Kid, you’re a genius!”   She’d forgotten her cellphone, she was suddenly so desperate to see Regina that she’d left it in her jacket hanging at her mom’s.   She’d disappeared in white cloud of smoke, too excited to see her, too impatient to drive across town. She just needed to be there, be with Regina. She’d appeared in the entrance way of 108 Mifflin Street and instantly started calling out Regina’s name hungry to see her. Emma had wasted so much time, so many months  when they could have been together, but she’d let her mind get in the way and kept them apart. She wasted so much time, she had so many months she needed to make up for. She found her in the kitchen, Regina standing forlorn over a glass of wine, the bottle beside it already half empty. “I know it’s not good to talk to each other through Henry but I wanted to know where he was sleeping tonight so I knew if I needed to cook or not,” she sighed out raising the glass to her lips, “so if you’re going to yell at me, could you do it quickly because I’m tired, and if I don’t need to make dinner I could quite happily go to bed.” “Why am I yelling at you?” Emma asked, trying to get closer to the older woman, but every time she did Regina just stepped away. “Because I texted Henry trying to find out what your plans were.” “Mom’s going to keep him at hers,” Emma waved Regina’s concerns away, “she’ll feed him when Dad gets home. Will you stop moving I’ve got something important to show you!” she huffed out once she’d realised they were about to complete a second lap of the island. “What?” the older woman snapped out impatiently. Regina looked up and met Emma’s gaze for the first time since she’d teleported in; her eyes were heavy, dark rings hanging below them sending another pang of regret rushing through Emma. She had wasted so much time, so many hours, and now she had her brattish behaviour from today to make up too. She didn’t want to ever make Regina feel like this again. She removed Henry’s hastily drawn family tree from her back pocket and laid it out flat in front of them on the island. “What do you see?” she asked her expectantly. “That I appear to be my son’s great grandmother.” “Step. Through like medieval marriage laws from a different realm. Not sure they’re recognised in Maine.” “What am I looking at Ms. Swan?” “Five,” Emma smiled at her. “Emma, I really am exhausted; it had been a long day even before lunch, then my afternoon was consumed you with making sure you weren’t doing anything stupid, and on top of that I had to listen to that stupid, germ-riddled dwarf-“ “Sneezy?” “-drone on about how the new budget proposal failed to protect the needs of small business owners.”  Regina started pouring herself another class of wine, Emma didn’t know how many glasses came in a bottle, but she was sure this had to be at least Regina’s third, if not forth of the evening. “What is it that you’re trying to show me?” “There’s no Robin Hood,” Emma smiled proudly, “he’s not here. He might be your soulmate, but he’s not your family.” Regina put down her glass and looked at Henry’s writing, really looked at all the names and lines on the page in front of her. “But you’re on here,” she smiled at Emma. “Because I’m your family,” Emma smiled back, “I might not have a lion tattoo, but I was always going to be your family. It was fate! I am fated to be with you,” she stepped forward, pleased by the fact Regina didn’t step back this time, “I know I make a big deal of being able to make choices, of being able to control situations, but it seems when I comes to you being in my life, I can’t control that and,” Emma found herself shrugging, “I’m actually okay with that because it turns out I love you.” Emma revelled in the fact that Regina’s eyes suddenly lit up, the tiredness she’d previously been carrying seemed to simply ebb away and vanish into nothingness. “You love me?” Regina asked, almost apprehensively Emma thought, as if no one could love her. “If that’s okay?” Emma asked, stepping closer still as if proximity to the other woman—a woman that had lived so many lives; a low royal far removed from any throne, a girl that just wanted to fall in love and have a family of her own, a child bride, a step mother, an apprentice, an Evil Queen, a tyrant and tormentor, a mayor, and a mother—would reassure her, truly assert the fact that Emma could love her if she was allowed after all she’d put Regina through. “Oh,” Regina wrapped her arms around her, pulling her in close, the kiss that danced across Emma’s lips tasted of red wine, “that’s more than okay.” “Good, because I’ve been an insecure idiot-” “Obnoxious brat,” Regina countered with a self satisfied smile, her confidence clearly returned. “-and wasted so much time when we could have been together. When I could have been happy. When we could have been happy?” she added timidly. Emma held her breath waiting for Regina’s response, waiting for Regina’s forgiveness. She watched as Regina took another slow sip of her wine, before setting it down next to Henry’s family tree. “As you know,” Regina turned back to look at her, the smile on her face changing into what Emma believed was one of Regina’s more mischievous ones, “I do take my happiness very seriously. And I happen to have a history of prioritising my happiness above all others; but I suppose, in this instance, I could allow you to share in my happine-” Emma didn’t allow her to say anything more, opting instead to push Regina back so she was pressed against the island and crash her lips against the brunettes. Emma had been hoping to deepen their kiss and leave a trail of devastation across the older woman’s body, but she found she had a hand pressed up against her chest forcing her back instead “You know I love you too right?” “Yeah,” Emma nodded moving quickly back to lessen the space between them, “and,” she kissed the nape of Regina’s neck as she tried to hoist her onto the counter, “Fated Love definitely beats Soulmates.” “Oh does it now?” Regina put a hand on either side of her cheek to move Emma’s face so she was looking up at her. “Yup, want me to show you?” she found the eyes that were staring down at her were dancing with desire as Emma’s hands toyed with the bottom of Regina’s dress as they slid along the tops of her thighs and danced along the tips of her stockings. “Given your atrocious behaviour at lunch, Ms. Swan,” Regina leaned back on her palms, “I think that’s a good place to start!” she instructed, her left foot, having soundlessly slipped out of its heel, was now being used to push Emma down into a position more practical for showing her submission to The Queen. “Six,” Emma counted as she dropped down in front of Regina’s spread legs on the island, all too happy to comply to Her Queen. (This once, anyway). Apples. Regina always managed to smell faintly of apples.     

Choice - Preview

 Regina wasn’t quite sure when she fell in love with Emma Swan. She knew it was before she sent the younger woman away with her son to—she didn’t even know where they were going to go at the time, she just knew that Henry was safe with Emma.  She wasn’t sure if she had fallen for Emma when she had stayed with her in the mines, after You may not be strong strong enough, but maybe we are; maybe it was in Neverland and together they were able to move the moon; perhaps it was any one of the times Emma had saved Regina’s life, defended her, or simply saw some humanity in her blackened heart. In hindsight, it didn’t really matter when Regina had fallen for Emma Swan all that mattered was when she realised she was in love with her son’s other mother.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you all for joining me on this ride; I've been overwhelmed by the responses from you all - especially given Once finished over two years ago.Hopefully I have enticed you enough with a sneak peak of what's in store for you when I publish the sequel next week. Remember: if you thought 'My god, that was a cool Swan Queen fanfic, I'd definitely like to read more by that author' I have a published novel that's not so subtly Swen called Loving Henry available on Amazon (https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/9492935120/ref=cm_sw_em_r_mt_dp_U_.OCdFbB35PZ17) and anywhere you can buy books.Thanks again,Circus :D



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



