



First - jbuffyangel - Arrow TV 2012
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

First
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/2292854.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Arrow (TV 2012)
Relationship:
Oliver Queen/Felicity Smoak, Oliver Queen & Felicity Smoak, Ray Palmer/Felicity Smoak
Character:
Oliver Queen, Felicity Smoak, John Diggle, Ray Palmer, Laurel Lance
Series:
Part 2 of
Olicity S3 Journey: Three Part One-Shot
Stats:

        Published: 2014-09-12
        Words: 5122
      

First
by jbuffyangel
Summary
Felicity Smoak is hospitalized with mysterious symptoms. She’s dying and time is running out to save her; leading to a violent confrontation between Oliver and Ray Palmer.
Notes
This is Part 2 of my three part, “one-shot” series the Olicity S3 Journey.  The series is what I imagine will be the progression of Oliver & Felicity's relationship in Season 3.*** Notes what music I listened to as I wrote each part of the story.



First


***Wires by Athlete 
All Oliver could see were wires. Wires going in and out of her small & frail body. Felicity lay unconscious, her face pale and her body still; the only sign of life the beeping heart monitor. Oliver stood at the foot of her hospital bed, his face stone. He placed his hands gently on Felicity’s blanket-covered feet. Her fragility made Oliver almost afraid to touch her, but her lifelessness made him more afraid not to.  Dr. Jonas, Felicity’s physician, was in the middle of explaining her symptoms, but Oliver couldn’t concentrate.  Her voice was drowned out by the slow & steady beep…beep…beep…."….Your friend is gravely ill. Initially, because of her high fever & blood work, I thought it was an infection. However, she had a seizure in the emergency room…""Damn it…" Diggle sighed quietly, as he bent his head down, shaking it sadly. Instinctively, Oliver tightened his grip around Felicity’s feet."We’ve been able to control the seizures with medication, but she’s not responding to any of the antibiotics. Mr. Diggle, is she allergic to anything?""No, not that I know of. Oliver?"Oliver shook his head no."Does she take any medications?""Yes, she gets migraines. Rarely, but she does have a prescription for them." Off Oliver’s bewildered look, Diggle explained, "It only happens if she’s been coding for hours on end."The doctor nodded and made a few notes in Felicity’s chart."Okay. Well, given what you just told me & her symptoms, I think it’s safe to rule out infection or allergic reaction.""What is this then?" Diggle’s asked, his voice heavy with concern.Dr. Jonas sighed, “Based on her liver function, her high fever…the seizures…I believe Felicity was poisoned. We ran a tox screen in the ER and it came up negative, but I’ll run it again.”Diggle looked at Oliver in shock. Oliver’s eyes never left Felicity, but his jaw was tightly clenched, the only break in his otherwise stony facade. "What do you mean the tox screen was negative?""I mean we were unable to verify the presence of any toxic chemicals in Felicity’s system. That doesn’t necessarily mean she wasn’t poisoned. Unfortunately, it may mean she was poisoned with something undetectable by a standard toxicity screen. But like I said, I’m going to run it again." Dr. Jonas paused and looked at Diggle & Oliver questioningly, “Is there anyone you could think of who would want to hurt her?”Diggle and Oliver cast knowing sideline glances at one another and shook their heads no in unison.Diggle asked hesitantly, “What are her chances?” The doctor paused for a moment, thinking.  When she spoke, she measured her words carefully."We’ve got her stable, but she’s still critical. We’ll run the tox screen again.  If we can figure out what this is, I have every hope we can treat it.""And if you can’t?" Diggle pressed."I wouldn’t want to speculate-""Will she die?" Diggle asked bluntly. Oliver flinched at his words.   Dr. Jonas regarded Diggle carefully and after some thought responded, “If we can’t find what poisoned her, yes, it will kill her.”As Oliver & Diggle struggled to process the doctor’s horrifying words, a hush fell over the room.  "How long?" Diggle asked quietly, almost afraid of the answer."A few hours at the most."Oliver closed his eyes."Can you tell me who found her?" Diggle asked.The doctor shrugged, “I’m not sure. There was an anonymous phone call this morning requesting an ambulance to her home. The paramedics found her unconscious in the kitchen. Luckily, she’s been treated here before and listed Mr. Diggle as her emergency contact.”Diggle nodded and offered his hand to the doctor. “Thank you Doctor.”She shook it and nodded sympathetically, “Of course. I’ll be back later once the toxicology results are in. You can let one of the nurses know if you need anything.”As the doctor strode out of the room, Laurel came in. The doctor paused and looked back at Diggle."I’d prefer not too many visitors. Felicity needs her rest."Diggle nodded, “We’ll keep it short. I promise.”  The doctor agreed reluctantly and left. Laurel stepped into the room, walking to the side of the bed, her eyes falling on Felicity."Oh my god, what happened?" She asked her voice hushed. She looked over at Oliver.  "Oliver?"Oliver remained silent. Diggle responded for him."We don’t know. She said she wasn’t feeling well, so she took the night off from…" Diggle paused. "her other job.  We…"  Diggle looked at Oliver, "thought she was at home, resting, until I got the call this morning she was here. They think it’s some kind of poison…" Diggle trailed off, his voice cracking from emotion.   Suddenly, Ray Palmer entered the room carrying a large bouquet of red roses. "How is she?" his voice soft & concerned.  At the sight of Ray, Oliver released his hold on Felicity’s feet and stepped back into the corner of the room, shoving his hands deep into his pockets.Diggle, surprised, asked, “Ray? How did you -“

Laurel interrupted, “I called him.” Off Oliver’s aggravated look, “What? He is her boyfriend. I just figured…”Diggle, acknowledging she was right, nodded quickly, “No, thank you Laurel. I’m sorry Ray, I just didn’t have a chance to-“Ray waved Diggle off, not remotely injured that no one, except Laurel, thought to call him. Laurel stepped out of the way so Ray could be next to Felicity.  He set the roses down on a table next to Felicity’s hospital bed. Daisies were Felicity’s favorite flower. The fact Ray didn’t know that gave Oliver a perverse sense of pleasure. Ray bent over and gently kissed Felicity’s forehead."I’m here now, baby," he whispered softly to her.Oliver cleared his throat, “We’ll give you a moment.” He moved quickly out of the room, as if in pain. Diggle and Laurel followed. 
***Glass Heart 
Hymn by Paper Route
Once the three were out in the hallway, Oliver faced them. His trance was gone, replaced with a laser like focus."We need to find who did this," he said, his voice menacing.Diggle nodded in agreement, “I’ll come up with a list of possible suspects. That’s why I called you Laurel.  I need your help getting a beat on some of these guys.”Laurel, perplexed, responded, “Guys?”Oliver looked at her solemnly, “Enemies of the Arrow.”Laurel raised her eyebrows in surprise, “Look you guys, it’s entirely possible this was simply a random act of -“Oliver interrupted her, his voice was controlled, but the rage was skimming just on the edge, “Random? Poison isn’t random Laurel. This is a hit. I know it and it’s because of me.”Diggle sighed, “Come on man….you can’t think like that.”Oliver shook his head, “It’s the truth Diggle. I never should have involved…” Oliver faltered, his voice catching.Laurel lowered her voice to a hush, “Diggle’s right Oliver. I mean, honestly- how many people even know Felicity works with The Arrow? It doesn’t make any sense.”"You’re right. Not many people do which means that list just got a hell of a lot shorter.  Just find me someone to hit, Laurel.""What about the poison?" Diggle asked."Felicity uses a screening process similar to the hospital. We’ll get the same results. I suspected poison all along. I slipped a liquidated form of of the medicinal herbs from the Island into her IV when we arrived. They would have worked by now. No, we need to go after the source.""That shouldn’t be too hard."Ray was standing in the doorway. Oliver, Laurel and Diggle turned, each surprised, unaware he’d been listening."The source just found me."Ray’s face was completely white, his hand shaking as he held up his phone. He handed it to Oliver. Oliver looked down, a video file had recently been played. Oliver waited for Laurel & Diggle to come closer and then hit play. Laurel gasped in horror.Felicity sat in her kitchen, still in her teacup pajamas & blue fuzzy slippers. She was tied to a chair, her mouth covered with duct tape.  A man with a wiry build & thin black beard, smiled menacingly at the camera. 
Hello Mr. Palmer! Remember me? Of course you do. I have to say I’m a little disappointed.  I figured you would hire someone of my caliber to replace me, but what do I find? You hired your girlfriend. How very prosaic. Still, upon closer examination it’s understandable. She’s far more enjoyable to look at.
He ran his finger up & down Felicity’s arm seductively. Then, twirled a piece of her hair around his finger. Felicity shuddered in revulsion.
Imagine my surprise when, upon breaking into Queen Consolidated, I discovered that the new encryption code on the subatomic particle research, my research mind you, was the handy work of your little kumquat. I know my way around an encryption, but this one presented quite the challenge. S
o, I swung by to have a chat with her. Sa
dly, we are having a difference of opinion. I want the passcode and she refuses to give it to me. What to do? What to do? Think think think… 
He twirled a syringe filled with an amber colored fluid.
I cooked up something special just for her, and for you, to provide the necessary motivation.  
He placed the syringe at Felicity’s neck and pushed his thumb down on the plunger. Felicity’s screams quickly turned to a muffled moan. Her eyes rolled back into her head and her head bobbled like a rag doll. 
There. That’s better. Now, don’t you worry Mr. Palmer. I’ll be sure to call an ambulance for her, when the time is right of course. This won’t work if she’s dead.
He glanced at his watch.  
Does she have a fever yet? Good. That means you have an hour to get me the research or she dies. Tick Tock. Tick Tock. Don’t bother trying to synthesize the formula Palmer. You’ll never get it in time. If you involve the police or I am arrested, the antidote stays gone. Send the files to this address and I will deliver the antidote. Don’t send the files? Well…you’re a bright guy. Figure it out.  
He paused and untied Felicity, letting her body fall to the floor.  He stroked his hand slowly across her face.  
She’s quite lovely when she’s asleep, isn’t she?
The video ends.Diggle, “My god…”Oliver looked at Ray, who was still in shock, “Who is he?” Ray snapped out of his daze and looked at Oliver."Arthur Light. He was a physicist I hired to work with me on my latest project. I fired him last month.""Why?""He was stealing the research. I suspected he was selling it to competitors. Obviously, he was pretty upset with me. He made some threatening remarks, so I asked Felicity to beef up the encryption code just in case he came back."Oliver narrowed his eyes, “If you thought this guy was enough of a threat to increase security, why did you involve Felicity?”Ray retorted, “You mean why did I ask her to do something more than bring me coffee?”Laurel held up her hands in frustration, “Guys, can we stay focused here?” She turned to Ray. “Can you come up with a formula to counteract the poison?” Ray scoffed, his voice panicked, “In an hour? Synthesizing a new antidote takes two or three hours, minimum, and that’s when you know what poison you’re working with. I could try to-“"There’s no point." Oliver interrupted, his voice low & quiet.Surprised, Ray, Diggle & Laurel turned to look at him. Oliver was standing in the door frame of Felicity’s hospital room, watching her sleep."What do you mean?" Laurel asked, confused.  "That video is time stamped 3 a.m. this morning.""So?" Ray asked."So, Felicity didn’t arrive at the hospital until 9 a.m this morning. Light waited six hours before he called the ambulance. Whatever toxin this is, my guess is there’s a 6-8 hour incubation period before your symptomatic. He waited for the toxin to take full effect. The video file was sent two minutes ago. This has been timed down to the minute. If he says we have an hour - we have an hour. There’s no time to find an antidote."Everyone let what Oliver said sink in. Ray nodded solemnly in agreement, “He’s right. I can’t engineer a formula in enough time. Light made sure of that.” Oliver turned to Ray, “That leaves one option. Give him the research.”Ray, taken aback, responded, “What? That’s not our only option Oliver.”Diggle regarded Ray skeptically, “Care to share with the group Ray?”"Go after him. Track him down. Stop him!" Ray exclaimed exasperated.  Oliver rolled his eyes, “How? In an hour? We have to find him first. That video file is encrypted. You may not have noticed, but the person fastest at breaking encryption codes is laying in a hospital bed right now.”"Hang on a minute Oliver. What about that anonymous phone call? We could try & trace the call. Or maybe I can get you his last known address-" Laurel offered."Somehow I doubt he’s going to be hanging out at his apartment, Laurel." Oliver retorted visibly frustrated."Okay, what about my father? Let’s get the police involved," she countered."No police - you heard what he said. We call the police and Felicity dies," Ray argued."Look, the more we stand around arguing, the more time we waste. Time we don’t have." Oliver faced Ray, his face like stone, "Give him the files."After a moment’s pause, Ray met Oliver’s gaze, staring him dead in the eye, “I love her Oliver…but…I can’t.”Oliver’s eyes widened, completely taken aback, “What do you mean youcan’t?”"I don’t expect you to understand, but this research…it’s important. I’ve spent my whole career on it. It’s the entire reason I purchase Queen Consolidated. I needed the Applied Science Division to finish it. I only brought Light in to help with the final testing phases, which isn’t complete. If I hand over what Light wants…it’ll set me back years." "What is it?" Diggle asked."Subatomic particle manipulation. My research is the the key to quantum field theory. The technology it will produce has the potential to save thousands of lives….but in the wrong hands it can be very dangerous.""That’s a problem for tomorrow. Today the priority is Felicity," Oliver responded, irritated."And what about what Felicity would want?" Ray snapped back tersely. Oliver’s eyes flashed in anger, “What about it? Felicity would want to live. That’s what Felicity would want.”"Not if saving her life endangers others - she wouldn’t. And that’s exactly what we’d be doing.""Six months of dating and you’re an expert?" Oliver seethed."More than the guy who dumped her after one date," Ray hissed back.Oliver shoved Ray back - hard. Ray stumbled, but quickly recovered and returned the favor.  Diggle jumped in between them."Alright. Everyone just take it down a notch. We’re all on the same side here."Diggle raised his eyebrows at Oliver. Off his look, Oliver begrudgingly backed off.  Oliver began to pace, his frustration and anger like a coil waiting to spring. Ray put his hands on his hips and hung in head. When he spoke again, his voice was calm."You might not like it Oliver, but Felicity believes in this project. She believes in me. It’s why she offered to help in the first place. You saw the video - she refused to give him the encryption code.  I have to honor her wishes, her sacrifice. We’ll find another way."Oliver stopped pacing and faced Ray once again. He closed the gap between them in three long strides. Incensed he said, “You don’t get to hide behind her courage and call it honor.”  Oliver was done talking. He fixed a steely gaze on Ray."I’m going to ask one more time Palmer. Give. Him. The. Files."Ray shook his head adamantly and took a step forward, so he & Oliver were only inches apart.“No. We can find him. We can stop him.” Ray paused, “You can stop him.”Diggle, watching the two of them closely, asked suspiciously, “What do you mean Ray?”Ray looked defiantly at Oliver, “I mean, he’s The Arrow.”For a moment, no one said anything. Silence filled the hospital corridor making it so quiet only the sound of Felicity’s heart monitor remained.   Casting a sidelong glance at Diggle and Laurel, Ray continued, “And before anyone asks, no Felicity didn’t tell me. She didn’t have to. It doesn’t take a genius to figure it out, but….” Ray turned back to look at Oliver, his voice aloof & cool, “unfortunately for Oliver, I am a genius.”A beat passes between them. This time, neither of them is backing down.Ray continued, “So, we’re going to find this guy. And you - you are going to put an arrow him.”Nodding, Oliver took a deep breath. He stepped back & turned as if to leave, but then paused. He cocked his head to the side as if in thought. Then, with blinding speed, he whirled around and punched Ray, a right cross square in the jaw.  It was the hardest Oliver ever hit anyone in his life. Ray’s head shot back with such force, that for a split second, Oliver thought he snapped his neck.Ray stumbled back, rubbing his jaw, his body bent over. Oliver stepped forward, towering above Ray’s crouched body and swung again, a hard hit to his cheekbone. It cut Ray further down, so now he was on his knees.  A thin sliver of broken skinned gleaned bright blood. Ray looked up at Oliver, his rage filled eyes matching Oliver’s own.Ray lunged at Oliver’s waist and toppled him to the ground. Ray delivered two quick punches before Oliver pushed him off with his legs. Oliver back flipped back up onto his feet. Diggle grabbed his arm."Oliver - stop.  It’s enough."Oliver easily shook Diggle off. Ray’s height & build were assets, but they were no match for Oliver Queen’s speed & training.  Ray took two more swings, but missed as Oliver dodged them easily. The misses were fatal mistakes. As Oliver bent down to avoid the second punch, he calmly shifted his body towards Ray’s torso, delivering a punch & then a sharp elbow.  He felt the air leave Ray’s lungs and he bent over gasping for air.  Oliver grabbed Ray by the arms, forcing him upright and shoved him against the wall. He wrapped his hand around Ray’s throat, in a ranger choke hold.  "Oliver!!" Laurel screamed his name in utter disbelief."Move an inch and I crush your wind pipe," Oliver’s voice was low, calm and menacing. Oliver didn’t have to turn to feel Diggle coming towards him."Back off Diggle."  Diggle gave it some thought, then complied. "Maybe I wasn’t clear. You’re going to give me those files or the only person I’m putting an arrow in is you. Blink once if you understand."Ray, gasping for air, blinked.  "Good. From now on, you stay away from Felicity.  If I catch you within ten feet of her, I will kill you. Understood?Ray blinked again."Since you’re a genius Ray, I’m sure you’re wondering why you aren’t dead yet. It’s because I still need you to get the antidote.  But, that’s it."Oliver released his hold on Ray’s throat and he fell to the ground gasping for air. Laurel’s mouth was covered in horrified shock.  Ray, kneeling and coughing for air, gasped, “What if Light…doesn’t hold up his end…of the deal?”Oliver paused and glanced at Felicity’s hospital room. He fixed his gaze back on Ray. Solemnly, his voice flat & emotionless, he said, “Then she dies. And so do you.”Diggle watched as Oliver calmly fixed his suit jacket and strode down the hospital corridor. Diggle bent down and helped Ray to his feet."He’s crazy," Ray said hoarsely as he rubbed the spot on his throat that Oliver held captive."Well, Oliver has some anger management issues," Diggle said dryly.Ray coughed as his breathing finally evened out, ”Diggle, I can’t give him that research. Can’t you talk to him? "I could, but I won’t. We’re gonna play this Oliver’s way. Get the files. If you don’t, Oliver will kill you.”Diggle paused for a moment and stepped forward, until he was mere inches away from Ray, and looked him dead in the eyes."More importantly…I’ll let him."Diggle turned and followed Oliver down the corridor. He stopped to look back at Laurel.  Laurel stood frozen, watching Oliver walk away, a sad realization in her eyes. She always knew Oliver cared for Felicity, but it wasn’t until this moment that she understood how much."You coming?" Diggle asked.Laurel cast a sympathetic glance at Ray, but then followed Diggle. Ray punched his hand into the wall in frustration. Feeling the last bit of strength leave his body, he sank back down to the floor and covered his head with his hands.  
***First In Line by Matthew Mayfield
An hour later, the files were delivered and the cure arrived by courier at the hospital. The Arrow had a thorough conversation with the courier, but, unfortunately, Dr. Light had expertly covered his tracks.   It had been almost a half hour since the antidote was administered to her IV. The nurse came in to check on Felicity and looked over at Oliver & Diggle sadly."I’m sorry guys. No change yet. I’ll be back in a little bit to check again." Oliver quietly watched from the corner, arms crossed, his brow furrowed in worry. Diggle looked at him gently."It’s just going to take some time Oliver."Oliver nodded silently in agreement.Diggle tilted his head to the side, a small smile on his lips, a teasing lift in his voice, “So, I guess you found someone to hit.”"Don’t start Diggle. He deserved it."Diggle held up his hands in mock surrender, “I’m not saying he didn’t. But I think we both know that fight wasn’t just about Ray Palmer.”Oliver remained still, his eyes focused on Felicity, his response a stony silence. Diggle nodded in acknowledgement of his lack of response and continued, “Look, I know you’re just trying to do right by her. I know you think by staying away you’re protecting her but…”"But what?" Oliver asked, irritated.Diggle raised his hands, exasperated, gesturing to the hospital room & Felicity, “Take a look around man. Is she really that much safer?”"It’s different and you know it.""What I know is this was never just about protecting Felicity. And if you think she doesn’t know that, you’re an fool.”Oliver, confused, turned to Diggle, “What do you mean?”Diggle paused, crossing his arms, regarding Oliver carefully, “That it’s about you too.”"Diggle -" Oliver began to protest, but stopped when Diggle held up his hand."Look Oliver, I know you think you don’t deserve to be happy, that you need to pay for what happened in your past, so you push away anything good. I just have one question though…""What?"Diggle turned from Oliver and looked at Felicity softly, “What is Felicity suppose to be paying for?”Oliver fell silent, at a loss for words. Finally, he responded quietly with, “She’s happy Diggle. She’s happy with him.”"Is she? Or is she just trying to be?"When Oliver didn’t respond again, Diggle sighed, “All I’m saying is you deserve to be happy too. It’s okay to be selfish every once in awhile Oliver. To put yourself first.”Another moment of silence passed between them as Diggle let his words sink in. He glanced at his watch."I promised Lyla I’d let her know how Felicity’s doing.""I’ll stay with her," Oliver said softly.Diggle nodded in agreement, “Okay. Need anything? Coffee?Oliver shook his head, “No, I’m fine. Thanks Dig.”Walking past Oliver, Diggle paused and put his hand on Oliver’s shoulder. He held it there and Oliver nodded gratefully at him, swallowing hard, fighting the fear & sorrow welling inside. Neither spoke. No more words were necessary. The two men watched Felicity in silence. As Diggle began to move out of the room, Oliver called after him."Hey Diggle?"Diggle turned, looking at Oliver expectantly."I do sometimes, you know…"Diggle furrowed his brow in confusion, “What?”"Put myself first…." Oliver looked back at Felicity, gazing at her resolutely, "At least…I did today."Diggle nodded at Oliver in understanding, looking at him sadly. After a beat, Diggle walked out of the room.Realizing he was finally alone with her, Oliver moved to Felicity’s bedside.  He pulled the chair over and sat down.  For a moment, he just stared at her. Then, ever so gently, he took her hand. Oliver, his voice hushed, said, “Hey.”He paused for a moment, holding his breath, but when there was nothing but silence, Oliver exhaled.  Hesitantly, he leaned closer and gently brushed a strand of her golden hair off her face."Felicity…I know I’m not your favorite person lately…and I know that’s my fault, but I need to ask you a favor…I need you to fight okay? Can you fight this just a little bit harder? Please?" Oliver’s eyes welled with tears. He pressed Felicity’s hand to his lips and softly kissed it. As the tears fell down his face, Oliver leaned over and kissed the top of her head, whispering, “Please Felicity….please fight…don’t leave me…” Oliver wiped his tears, sat back down and continued to stroke her hair. He felt Felicity’s hand twitch as she stirred. She moaned softly.Oliver, wide eyed, hesitantly whispered, “Felicity?”Very slowly, Felicity opened her eyes. Groggily, she turned her head. When she saw it was Oliver siting next to her, a small smile appeared on her lips."Oliver?" she whispered."Yeah, it’s me." Oliver cupped her face gently and for a moment Felicity closed her eyes at his touch. When she opened them again, her eyes shined with tears."Hey." she whispered, her voice hoarse, but heavy with emotion.Oliver smiled and exhaled deeply with relief, “Hey.”For a moment, they stared at one another. After a beat Oliver asked, “How are you feeling?”She paused, thinking as her mind cleared, “A little groggy…a little nauseous…” Felicity’s eyes widened with fear as her memory returned to her. Lifting her head, her voice filled with panic, she said, “Someone broke in…they wanted Ray’s research…I tried to stop….I couldn’t-“Oliver stroked her head gently, “Shh. Shhh. It’s okay. It’s over. You’re safe.”Felicity, exhausted, laid her head back down, “You stopped him?”Oliver nodded, “Yeah. We figured something out.”Felicity smiled softly, “I knew you would.”She looked down at Oliver’s hand, holding hers.  Remembering, her smile faded and she pulled her hand away, her body tensing slightly. The change was imperceptible to anyone but Oliver. Immediately, Oliver pulled away, sitting back in the chair, his body rigid.  Felicity looked around the room expectantly."Where’s Ray?""I’m right here." Oliver turned and saw Ray Palmer standing in the door. Oliver stood and faced him, blocking his way to Felicity.  For a moment the two men stared each other down. Oliver turned to Felicity."I’ll go get the doctor," he paused and stared coolly at Ray. Then, Oliver stepped aside clearing a path to Felicity. Ray looked at Oliver in surprise, but quickly made his way to Felicity.  She smiled brightly at him."You’re here," she said as she reached out for him. Ray took her hand and kissed it."Of course. Where else would I be?"Ray leaned down and softly kissed Felicity.  As their lips met, Oliver felt a wave of nausea. Oliver turned away and began to walk out the door. As Ray pulled back, Felicity noticed Oliver leaving."Oliver?" she called after him.Oliver stopped and turned back.  Felicity smiled gratefully at him.  "Thank you." Oliver nodded silently and turned to head out the door. As he made his way down the hall, suddenly he heard, “It’s not over, you know that right?”Oliver stopped, but he didn’t turn around. “I know.”Ray paused, then continued, his voice laden in fear and concern, “Light will finish that research and sell it to the highest bidder. Whoever gets their hands on that technology, Oliver…the weapons alone-“"That’s my problem now. Not yours," Oliver said firmly.Ray nodded in understanding, then said, “I thought you said you’d kill me if I got within ten feet of her.”Oliver turned and faced Ray. Ray was standing in the hall, hands in his pockets. Oliver walked back, still visibly angry."Yeah, I did. I meant it." Oliver paused and looked at Ray disdainfully, "I see you took it seriously."Ray shrugged, “She’s worth the risk. So why?”"Why what?" "Why am I still breathing Queen?"Oliver regarded Ray Palmer carefully, then, his voice even & measured, responded, “Because it’s not about what I want Palmer. It’s about what she wants. I might not like you. I certainly don’t trust you. But you’re her choice. You’re what she wants.”"You’re in love with her, aren’t you?" Ray’s voice lacked jealousy. It wasn’t an accusation, rather a statement. When Oliver didn’t respond, Ray smiled sympathetically."That’s okay, you don’t have to say anything. I already know the answer. Despite what you might think of me, I want you to know that I do love her. I’m going to tell her what happened today.""Given how your face looks, I think that’ll be a difficult conversation to avoid.""Yeah, well…even so. I wouldn’t lie to her.""Good." Oliver turned to go, but stopped when Ray spoke again."The thing is Oliver…she’ll understand. Felicity will understand my reasons. Why I did what I did. She’ll understand because they’re her reasons too. It’s what she would have wanted."Oliver, very slowly, turned and looked at Ray Palmer gravely.  After a moment of silence, he finally spoke."Of course she’ll understand. This was never about that Palmer. This was never about what Felicity wanted you to do. This was about what you weresuppose to do.”"Which was what?"Oliver stepped forward, so he was once again mere inches from Ray. Ray tensed immediately.  He looked Ray straight in the eye, his voice firm & earnest, but heavily layered with sadness and disappointment."You were suppose to put her first."Unable to meet Oliver’s gaze, Ray looked away.  And with that, Oliver turned and walked down the hall.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



