



For When You Return - orphan_account - osoSong san Osomatsu-san
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

For When You Return
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8026030.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
おそ松さん | Osomatsu-san (Anime)
Character:
Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Todomatsu, Matsuno Osomatsu, Matsuno Choromatsu, Matsuno Ichimatsu, Matsuno Jyushimatsu
Additional Tags:
Rage, Brotherly Bonding, Brotherly Affection, Brotherly Angst
Stats:

        Published: 2016-09-13
          Completed: 2016-11-29
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 34976
      

For When You Return
by orphan_account
Summary
Karamatsu has a problem. His brothers must learn to support him, or else risk losing him for good.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes





Bandages



Until he heard the crack of knuckles against bone, Todomatsu had forgotten just who it was he was walking with. By the time he remembered, it was too late. His only warning had been the blur of blue flying past his face, and then the drunk who'd hit him following some argument—some stupid, petty argument that Todomatsu was already forgetting the details of—was laid out on the sidewalk like a sack of garbage lost from the back of a dump truck. Vaguely, through the rushing in his ears, he made out his own panicked voice shouting his brother's name. Even more vaguely, he recognized the frantic hands knotting into the back of the blue hoodie as his own. He couldn't remember moving or even wanting to move, yet he tugged at the material of Karamatsu's jacket for all he was worth, desperate to haul him back, to drag him away from the scene before things got any more out of hand. But his older brother resisted, and he was so damn strong. Todomatsu had forgotten that, too.
“Karamatsu, stop! He's passed out already, please, let's just go!”
Karamatsu didn't answer him, didn't turn around, but at the very least he'd stopped mindlessly struggling to tear out of Todomatsu's grasp. His breaths came hard and slow, fists clenching and unclenching as he kept the crux of his attention on the unconscious drunk lying only steps away. Todomatsu curled himself around Karamatsu's right arm, alarmed at the tension rippling through his muscles. Even more alarming was how badly Karamatsu was shaking. If he didn't get his older brother away from this situation soon, it would be too late. His brother might do something he'd really regret, and Todomatsu refused to sit back and watch him hurl headlong into the episode of intense self-hate that would undoubtedly lead to.
“Karamatsu—”
“He hurt you.”
The interrupting voice was so low and feral, Todomatsu very nearly didn't hear it, let alone recognize it. It was nothing like Karamatsu's usual painful drawl, nor even like the smoother, higher pitch of his natural voice. It was a darker sound, rough and dangerous, something akin to a snarl. By the time his brain caught up with the words, Karamatsu was inching forward again. Todomatsu did his best step in front of him without letting go of his arm, leaving them shoulder to shoulder as Todomatsu leaned all his weight forward in an effort to push Karamatsu back.
“He hurt you, Todomatsu,” Karamatsu repeated, louder. He clenched his teeth so hard, the outline of his jaw pushed out prominently above the straining muscles in his neck.
“It was just a slap,” Todomatsu pleaded. A backhand slap, sure, and it had left him momentarily dizzy; but now wasn't the time to stress the details. “It was nothing. I was just surprised, okay? I didn't even feel it. Karamatsu, I'm fine.”
“You're bleeding.”
Todomatsu started, instinctively raising a hand to his cheek. He flinched at the sudden sting, and his fingers brushed against something wet and warm. When he drew his hand back, he was stunned to see his fingertips come away red. Well, that was annoying. That drunken bastard must have broken skin with a ring or something. It felt deep enough to scar. Todomatsu spared an indignant glance over his shoulder to glare at the offender and was horrified to see him slowly regaining his senses. He was running out of time to stop this mess.
Mustering every ounce of his comparably meager strength, Todomatsu planted his feet, pressed his palms against Karamatsu's shoulders, and shoved as hard as he could. Karamatsu stumbled back two or three steps out of what looked irritatingly like courtesy. Even then, he kept his narrowed eyes fixed on the drunk like he wanted nothing more than to grind his bones into powder and sprinkle it over the pavement. Todomatsu did his best to ignore the ache in his chest. That kind of expression looked so exactly wrong on Karamatsu. He hated to see his generally good-natured brother looking like this.
He drew his cellphone out of his pocket and waved it in Karamatsu's line of sight to catch his attention.
“If you don't stop this right now, I'm calling Osomatsu.”
“Do it,” Karamatsu challenged, sounding way too eager for Todomatsu to make good on that threat. “He'll pin that bastard down while I rearrange his face.”
Wrong, wrong, so wrong. This really didn't sound like Karamatsu at all. Todomatsu cast his mind back over the past few weeks, trying to remember any sign, however small, that this old attitude was reemerging, mulling over every potential trigger with rising frustration. The small sound that left his throat was desperate, and not a little panicked. He couldn't think of a single thing that might have warned anyone.
Not knowing what else to do, Todomatsu squeaked out, “I'll call mom!”
It was a bit pathetic, pulling the mom card at their age; but since it was unlikely that any one among the six of them would ever outgrow its power, Todomatsu did not feel above using it when necessary. It certainly gave Karamatsu pause, which was a very good thing considering the nervous crowd that had slowly accumulated around them. Todomatsu did not appreciate the pointing fingers and the behind-the-hand whispers so obviously directed at him and his brother in a blatantly negative way. He especially did not appreciate the muffled assurances of “I called the police” from at least five different groups of people. Why the hell did he and his brothers only get undivided attention when it was so obnoxiously inconvenient?
The drunk rose unsteadily to his knees, shaking his head as if to clear it. Someone from among the onlookers stepped forward to help him up, probably assuming he was a hapless victim. Todomatsu was sorely tempted to kick the guy back down himself, but the warning glare aimed at him by the nosy good Samaritan dissuaded his impulse.
Instead he brought his mother's number up on speed dial and turned the screen pointedly in Karamatsu's direction. His thumb hovered dramatically over the call button. Karamatsu winced. Todomatsu wished he could guess what his brother was thinking, but the flow of Karamatsu's mind was an enigma even at the best of times. Knowing that still didn't make waiting for a response any less agitating, especially while trying to maintain steady, level eye-contact with someone whose glare alone seemed like it could rip the spine out of a man. Todomatsu's hands shook. Thank god the police were so slow, assuming they were coming at all.
After a few agonizing moments of deliberation, Karamatsu seized Todomatsu's wrist and briskly pulled him away through the crowd—but not before throwing the still-disoriented drunk a look Todomatsu hadn't seen on his older brother's face in years. It was more than spite and more than disgust, a darkening of eye and a curling of lip that signaled no small trace of murderous intent. Even though the look wasn't directed at him, Todomatsu shivered. He couldn't help it. That kind of expression didn't belong on Karamatsu. He had hoped never to see it again. It'd been so long since he'd last seen it, in fact, that he'd forgotten he was hoping to forget about it. What a nasty reminder this was.
This is your fault, he chided himself, biting his lip. If you'd just kept your mouth shut, just kept walking, that guy wouldn't have hit you, and Karamatsu wouldn't have...God, how could you be so stupid?
Just because some things could be forgotten, felt better forgotten, didn't mean that they should be.
He swallowed back a whine that rose unbidden and unnoticed to his throat. Like hell he was going to cry over this. It was fine. They were fine. Karamatsu was fine. Nothing major had happened, and they'd both made it out in one piece. Really, that was all Todomatsu could ask for at this point. For now, at least, that was enough. It had to be enough.
 
 
Almost the moment they stepped through the door, Choromatsu took one look at them and retreated to the living room as if they were leading a lynch mob. Todomatsu had no time to be offended before Choromatsu returned, trailing close behind Osomatsu, who had his hands stuffed casually in his hoodie pockets. The eldest among them wore a deliberately neutral grin on his deliberately neutral face. Todomatsu was too emotionally frayed to be annoyed; instead, he shrank under Osomatsu's assessing gaze. The low whistle that issued forth as something of a negative judgment hung heavy in the uneasy silence. Something clearly displeased him. Although his grin never faltered, his eyes grew hard after passing over Todomatsu's face.
“You look like shit, Totty,” he commented. For all that he sounded amused, Todomatsu knew better. There was nothing even close to amusement in the way Osomatsu stared at them. “Say, Choromatsu...”
“I got it. Todomatsu, come with me, okay?”
Todomatsu's initial indignance at being insulted turned to confusion and then to dread when he realized that even as his brothers addressed him by name, their eyes were locked on Karamatsu. Whether Karamatsu noticed their brothers' attention or not was unclear; his gaze stayed firmly fixed at his feet. Even now, he trembled. That long walk had apparently done little to nothing to calm him.
Todomatsu, heart sinking, was suddenly hyper-aware of Karamatsu's hand still locked tight around his wrist. He twitched his fingers experimentally, pursing his lips at how pale and blood-starved they appeared. God, he couldn't even feel them anymore. Just how deep in his own head did Karamatsu have to be to not even realize he was clinging like this? That idiot was probably already feeling shitty for losing control and socking that drunk guy. Numb as his fingers were and achy as his wrist was, those feelings somehow still weren't as bad as those that came after Karamatsu suddenly released his grip, abandoning Todomatsu's hand to fall to his side like a dead fish. Then the pins and needles started, and his phone, which he'd forgotten he was holding at all, slipped to the floor with an unnecessarily loud clack. As if that was some sort of cue, Choromatsu rushed forward to sweep Todomatsu away from Karamatsu's side with dizzying urgency. In the same fluid movement, he scooped up Todomatsu's phone and delivered it back into the youngest's hands. Miraculously, the screen was still intact. Small victories.
His personal mini-celebration was cut short when Choromatsu lightly shoved him in the direction of the stairs.
“Wait a—”
“It's okay,” Choromatsu murmured under his breath, shoving a little more firmly. “Leave him to Osomatsu.”
“But—”
“Later, okay? Right now, we need to take care of your wound.”
“Wound...?”
Oh, right. He had forgotten all about the stinging cut on his face, he'd been so preoccupied with getting home without further incident. Still, it wasn't that bad. Definitely no reason to look at Karamatsu like he was some sort of rabid animal, especially when it wasn't even his fault. It would help if Karamatsu would say something, anything, to defend himself. He never had before, though, and it was unlikely he would start now. And if he played that memory-loss shtick again, Todomatsu swore he would lose his mind.
Infuriating, a tiny voice inside Todomatsu screamed. Frightening, said an even tinier voice.
Near the top of the stairs, he swiveled his head around and caught a glimpse of Osomatsu guiding Karamatsu outside, one arm slung companionably around the second oldest's neck. It was almost a head lock, Karamatsu was tucked so snugly into the crook of the Osomatsu's elbow, but Todomatsu didn't have much time to worry about it before the front door slid closed behind them with a dull thud.
Choromatsu ushered him quickly into the bathroom and shuffled about in search of the first aid kid. When Todomatsu saw his reflection in the mirror, he blanched. It was no wonder Choromatsu had panicked when they'd first walked in. No wonder, either, that Osomatsu had been so wary and upset. To say that Todomatsu looked like shit was an understatement. The blood from his cut had smeared into a dry, copper mess across half his face. Thin trails of blood snaked down his neck, leading to stains on the collar and on the light pink sleeve of his shirt. There would be no getting those stains out. Shame. He'd liked this shirt. The cut itself was swollen, leaving the raised skin around it an angry mixture of tender red and puffy white. It looked so much worse and much more painful than it actually was, and even though Todomatsu knew that, he couldn't hold back a whimper of disdain.
“I look like I walked out of a B-rated slasher,” he lamented, turning his cheek toward the mirror to get a better look.
Gross. Blood was gross. He winced in disgust.
Choromatsu clicked his tongue. He set the first aid kit down on the edge of the sink and gently turned Todomatsu's head so that he was facing him. When Choromatsu started dabbing silently at his face with a wet hand towel, Todomatsu gave his most pity-inspiring pout.
“You could disagree with me, Chorofappyski. About how bad I look.”
“Well,” Choromatsu returned without pause, “you don't look good.” Then, probably because Todomatsu looked to be on the verge of tears, this statement was quickly amended with, “But I wouldn't say you're slasher worthy.”
“Thanks a lot.”
“It's...a lot of blood.”
“Mmf.”
“What even happened?”
Faced with this question, Todomatsu sighed. What had happened? It was hard to say. Even now, his head was clouded by the image of Karamatsu's fist flying, his eyes blazing, lips curled back dangerously over snarling teeth. He shuddered at the memory. Choromatsu frowned, clearly concerned, but unwilling to push the matter too soon. Todomatsu knew what Choro was thinking. He was thinking of high school, when Karamatsu, in some messy fit, accidentally hurt Jyushimatsu badly enough to land him in the hospital. It was all spelled out in the worried crease of his brow, and it made Todomatsu want to scream. That incident hadn't been Karamatsu's fault, either, and that they'd blamed him so heavily and so easily had led to disaster. Thankfully, Todomatsu had reigned him in this time. At least, he certainly hoped so.
“First of all,” Todomatsu began, addressing the question he knew Choromatsu really wanted to ask, “Karamatsu didn't do anything wrong. No, let me finish.”
He held up a finger, seeing that Choromatsu was doubtful and about to interrupt. When Choromatsu pursed his lips and continued quietly applying ointment to Todomatsu's face, Todomatsu resumed speaking, doing his best not to sound as bitter towards the third-eldest as he felt.
“We were on our way home from fishing, and...I don't know. I got into it with some drunk guy. Some stupid college brat. He was harassing a couple of girls, or something, I wasn't really paying attention, but our brother, our idiot of a painful brother, of course just had to open his painful mouth and confront the guy with his painful spiel about 'protecting the gentle hearts of defenseless maidens'—”
“You're saying Karamatsu was being painful, and you're the one who got hit?”
“Yes. No. Look, can I just finish, please?”
Choromatsu held up his hands in mock surrender before returning his attention to carefully applying gauze.
“So while Karamatsu was being annoying, the girls took the chance to escape, which of course pissed off the drunk guy, and he must've mistaken me for Karamatsu because he started calling me all these stupid names, insulting my clothes, and I don't know, I just...I got so mad. I was tired, I was hungry, I wanted to go home. I wasn't in the mood to listen to some stupid, drunk brat make fun of my beanie of all things, and think he could get away with his pissy attitude just because he's high society or whatever. He insulted my favorite beanie, by the way. How are some people so rude? Anyway, I wasn't having it. Honestly, I don't even remember what I said to him, but long story short, he backhanded me and Karamatsu just...He went. I didn't even have time to react.”
“Ah...”
Of course Choromatsu wouldn't need any further explanation. Nobody laid a hand on any of Karamatsu's brothers (especially not in front of him) and walked away so easily. Usually the consequences were strictly verbal, and Karamatsu's grandiose speeches celebrating brotherly love and the common good of humanity were typically enough and more than enough to leave any offending party both incapacitated and totally unwilling to interact with another Matsuno (or even anyone with brothers) ever again. Those painful speeches got the job done, whether or not in the way that Karamatsu intended. He was just the kind of annoying, buzzing porch light that moths went out of their way to avoid. So what the hell? What made him revert to being physical when his mere existence was such a strong deterrent?
“I got him out of there as fast as I could,” Todomatsu muttered, feeling small.“There were so many people. I'm worried someone's gonna file a report, or...or come looking for him, or...I don't know. That college brat was drunk, but he looked loaded. What if he has connections, or dangerous friends, or...Or what if...what if...” He sighed, defeated. Thinking himself in circles wouldn't help anyone, least of all Karamatsu. “Anyway,” he went on, “That's the whole story. I don't know what got into Karamatsu, but he was just trying to look out for me. If I'd just ignored that stupid kid, none of this would've happened.”
“I see...”
By now, Choromatsu had finished treating Todomatsu's cheek, and the youngest examined himself in the mirror with a low hum. Even after explaining what he could, his sense of unease hadn't abated at all. If anything, it had only gotten worse. He glanced at Choromatsu through the mirror. His brows pinched towards the bridge of his nose, and Todomatsu absently pictured the pattern of wrinkles Choromatsu would grow to have in old age. His attention shifted to Choromatsu's right hand, which was busy drumming a stressed rhythm on his shaking knee.
“You didn't really think Karamatsu hurt me,” Todomatsu asked, biting back the quaver that threatened to betray his nerves, “did you?”
He kept the question light, joking, almost; as if an answer in the positive was wholly inconceivable. And really, it was inconceivable. Karamatsu would never, never...
Choromatsu didn't say anything. That was...unnerving.
Todomatsu grit his teeth against the swell of irritation in his throat and attributed the sick churning of his stomach to his unsated hunger. His older brother sighed for the nth time in so many minutes. Even though Todomatsu refused to look at him, refused to acknowledge the tired, uncertain expression he knew Choromatsu wore, he could sense that uncertainty like currents of electricity crawling along the surface of his skin. He pinched his eyes shut. His lower lip trembled.
“Karamatsu is...I know he would never mean to hurt you, or any of us. Not on purpose. But, you know, accidents happen, and that's—”
“He wouldn't,” Todomatsu snapped. “He couldn't. Not...not again.”
And there were the tears. Hot, prickly, annoying things, already soaking into his gauze and bothering his cut all over again. Todomatsu was too overwhelmed to hold back now, though. He'd been so scared watching Karamatsu nearly lose control, so stressed they'd be stopped by the police or nosy troublemakers on their way home, and now this...this doubt from Chorofappyski, from their own sextuplet, after the very same mistake of doubting Karamatsu had already been made in the past with the worst possible consequences.
As brothers, they fought. Of course they did. That was expected. Growing up as a set of six boys under one roof meant that countless numbers of their brawls inevitably ended in bruised arms, legs, and egos. But not this; not broken skin. Among the six of them, Karamatsu had almost never broken skin, and the one time he accidentally hurt Jyushi that badly, he'd sworn off hard and dirty fighting forever. This kind of mark simply wasn't one that Karamatsu would leave on his own brother. Osomatsu and Choromatsu both knew that, they had to. How could they even entertain the idea that he would hurt Todomatsu like this? It felt like a betrayal. It really did feel like...
“It's like high school all over again, huh?”
Choromatsu flinched, struck with guilt.

Bingo. 

Well. Even if no one else believed in Karamatsu, Todomatsu refused to let the past repeat itself. This time, he wouldn't let his big brother shoulder undue blame. He wouldn't let Karamatsu be isolated again. Todomatsu swiped the heels of his palms over his eyes and plastered on his signature sweet smile.
“Thanks for taking care of me, Choromatsu. I'm tired now, so I'm turning in early. Goodnight.”
His stomach twisted again as he turned away, registering Choromatsu's crestfallen face. A small part of him cheered that anguish. Served him right for doubting Karamatsu again. Still another small part of him berated himself for being so cynical. Either way, his insides were in knots. Again, he attributed the sick feeling to hunger. Again, he clenched his fists and ignored it.
 



Tea Cup
Chapter Notes
Soundtrack: "Breathe Me" by Sia



He didn't want to think Karamatsu had done anything wrong. He'd been fine for years, after all; no outbursts, no incidents, nothing about his behaviour even remotely alarming to speak of. On the contrary, Karamatsu had been downright docile since their third year of high school (after the calamity that Choromatsu was definitely not thinking about right now, nope, not that, that incident was tucked safely away in the past where it belonged, so long forgotten they all may as well have imagined the whole ordeal; yeah, that was a nice thought; he'd keep thinking that). Choromatsu wanted to believe his brother was still fine, needed to believe it. Yet the face his older brother wore when he came home with Todomatsu was chilling, to say the least. It was as if he'd been daring Osomatsu and Choromatsu to approach him on pain of execution.It hadn't helped that Todomatsu cowered behind him, face smeared in blood, panicked eyes casting a silent plea at Karamatsu's back. Choromatsu hadn't known what to think. He still didn't know. That didn't stop Todomatsu's biting words resounding on repeat in his head.“Like high school all over again.”And the way he'd smirked after he said it; it was as if Todomatsu wanted that to be true, though for what reason, Choromatsu couldn't fathom. It was a bad time for all of them, and not just because they almost lost three brothers in the small span of a couple weeks. Remembering it still made his heart stutter. To think that they came that close to being so quickly and easily reduced to half their number...It didn't bear imagining.Sitting cross-legged at the table, drumming his fingers to the tick of the clock, Choromatsu waited impatiently for his older brothers to return home. As one hour progressed into two, two into three, he plucked absently at an old magazine, contemplated his collection of Nyaa-chan merchandise, shuffled a deck of cards, played a round of chess against himself—anything to distract from the threads of anxiety twitching through his limbs. Anything to keep from acknowledging that he was afraid of Karamatsu, and worried as hell about Osomatsu.Ah. Well. So much for that.Silly, silly. Stupid, even. Karamatsu wasn't dangerous. He wasn't. And even if he was (which he wasn't, not one bit), Osomatsu could more than put up a fight. If his faith in his brothers was this fragile, it was no wonder Todomatsu was so irritated, and so hurt. Of course he would be. Todomatsu was the one who kept the sharpest eye on Karamatsu, after all, even if he pretended he could give less of a damn about his painful brother's existence. Choromatsu had the sudden urge to apologize, but he didn't know to whom or even for what. To Todomatsu, maybe, for being insensitive (though he knew that was unlikely to go over well). Maybe to Karamatsu, for...well, for everything, but even that discussion he could easily see the end of.“Sorry, big brother. I should have believed you. I should have listened to you back then, and every time after that. I should be listening to you now. I shouldn't have left you alone.”“Not to worry, my dear Choromatsu,” he'd quip back, fingertips poised delicately against his forehead, one hand clutching his chest. “A man's true strength can only bloom from the cruelty of life's unending trials. I have forged my soul in the fires of anguish and emerged a purer, more wholesome being, fully prepared to lend my support to my precious brothers as they chart their own path through perilous seas.”Ugh. If he could even contemplate mixing metaphors a-la-Karamatsu, he really was thinking too hard. Maybe some tea would help. It was chamomile to quiet nerves, he was pretty sure; at least, that's always what their mother used to give to Jyushimatsu before bedtime, back when they were still young enough in her eyes to be tenderly tucked into their futons like over-stuffed egg rolls (Choromatsu was certain she'd still be tucking them in now if they hadn't collectively signed a petition for her their first year of high school stating that being tucked in was way too embarrassing for boys their age).Just as Choromatsu moved to go put on the kettle, a cup of tea ready-made was set on the table before him. A warm weight settled against his back. He blinked in alarm. Someone was leaning against him.“Who—?”“You've been pacing back-and-forth all night,” came the bleary reply. “S'irritating.”“Ichimatsu?”“Woke me up.”“S-Sorry...”“Shut up and drink your tea. I made it and all.”Choromatsu obediently took a large gulp, burning his tongue and throat. He felt rather than heard Ichimatsu laughing against him while he spluttered.“Chill, Fappymatsu. Whatever's eating you isn't gonna get better just 'cause you're freaking out.”Being the (totally) mature adult that he was (definitely), Choromatsu chose to ignore the derision in his brother's comment. And anyway, Ichimatsu did have a point. God, it sucked to admit that. When did he have to start listening to good sense from the weird one? (A meaningless descriptor, Choromatsu grudgingly realized; they were all weird).He sipped at his tea again, slowly this time. It didn't smell like chamomile; not that he was an expert, but frankly, it smelled like it came from the toilet. The liquid was deep yellow in colour, almost brown, but its flavour was safely...well, herbal. He belatedly wondered if Ichimatsu had slipped something funny into it, like sleeping pills or laxatives or spit. Nah. Probably not. He gulped experimentally, focusing on his stomach for any strange reactions. Thankfully, his guts were quiet. Only his heart still fluttered in erratic rhythms against his ribs, but even that was starting to settle.“What kind of tea is this?” he dared to ask.Ichimatsu's responding shrug wasn't very comforting.“Taste bad?”“No, not bad, just...I don't recognize it.”“You can say it. It smells like old piss. Shittymatsu started buying it a couple months ago. Shares it with Jyushimatsu sometimes. All I know is it makes Jyushi act almost like a normal person.”“He buys it for Jyushimatsu?”There was movement behind him that Choromatsu could only assume was Ichimatsu shaking his head.“For himself, I think. But Jyushimatsu likes it, god knows why. S'not like Shittymatsu would ever tell him no.”True. Denying his brothers any request seemed like something Karamatsu would never seriously consider (so it was okay that Choromatsu was now drinking a cup of Karamatsu's personal tea without Karamatsu's knowledge or permission...Probably.) Buying specific and unfamiliar teas didn't seem like something Karamatsu would do either. Frankly, it seemed more like a Totty thing. Choromatsu mulled this revelation over, savouring the tea's warmth as it passed down his throat and chest. Ichimatsu shifted so that instead of leaning back-to-back against Choromatsu, he was now sitting side-by-side with him.“You stopped fidgeting.”Choromatsu blinked. “What?”“Fidgeting. You stopped. 'Bout time.”He did feel significantly more relaxed, although he wasn't sure if that could be attributed to the tea or to Ichimatsu's (somehow) calming presence. Normally Ichimatsu made him nervous—well, more nervous—but right now his low energy atmosphere was a really good counterbalance to the tension of waiting for their (still absent) older brothers. Just where in the world had Osomatsu taken Karamatsu that they'd be gone for so long?The front door slammed open, and Choromatsu all but leapt to his feet. Ichimatsu made an annoyed sound at almost being knocked over, but it registered very minutely in Choromatsu's brain. The questions bubbling up in his throat died all at once when the slam of the front door was followed by familiar shouts of Muscle! Muscle! Hustle! Hustle! He sank back into his former cross-legged position with a heavy sigh. Jyushimatsu burst into the family room moments later, grin so wide it made Choromatsu's cheeks hurt just looking at him. Bright eyes scanned the room as if looking for something before settling on the cup in Choromatsu's hands.“Ah. I smelled Karamatsu's special tea. I thought Karamatsu was here.”He seemed disappointed behind that blinding smile.Ichimatsu stood up. “Want me to make you a cup?”“Yes please!” Vigorous nodding.Before Ichimatsu could take a single step, Jyushimatsu unceremoniously dumped his baseball gear to one side and dove headlong towards the table, somehow winding himself around Ichimatsu's legs in a way that made Choromatsu wonder if the younger possessed anything even resembling a human skeleton. Ichimatsu chuckled, reaching down to muss Jyushimatsu's hair.“I can't make the tea if I can't move, Jyushi.”“Later! Let's wait for Karamatsu. We can drink it together!”“Where is Shittymatsu, anyway?” Ichimatsu inquired, directing a raised eyebrow at Choromatsu.“Ah, he and Osomatsu went for a walk, I think. I'm sure they'll be back soon.”At least, he hoped so. It also wasn't the entire truth, but it would be pointless to worry these two over the details. Their history with Karamatsu was so fragile, it wouldn't do to start agitating them now. Or so Choromatsu told himself, but the blank look of disbelief that Jyushimatsu (who was now sitting up) fixed on him made him choke on his tea. If it was anyone other than Jyushimatsu making that face, Choromatsu would have thought that expression communicated nothing other than a flat out cry of “Bullshit.”“Osomatsu is home.”Jyushimatsu's statement was simple, almost quiet, considering it was him who spoke. It threw Choromatsu for a loop.“...What?” Wait, what? “Wh-when did he come in? I didn't hear...”Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Ichimatsu's half-lidded eyes slowly contracting into a glare.“He came back with me. I ran into him on my way home. We walked back together!”“K...Karamatsu—”“Wasn't with him.”No. No, that couldn't be right. Osomatsu wouldn't let Karamatsu out of his sight on purpose, not right now. He certainly wouldn't hurt Karamatsu—Choromatsu slammed his fists on the table to distract himself from that line of thought, startling both himself and his younger brothers. Now Jyushimatsu's look was expectant. Ichimatsu's glare seemed to have settled on his face quasi-permanently. Choromatsu's hands shook as he went to take another sip of tea, only to find his cup empty. Damn.“I...I need to talk to Osomatsu. Where is he? Still outside?”Jyushimatsu blinked, slowly, and then nodded once.“Sitting on the porch. I think he's smoking.”“Fappymatsu, what's going on?”Ichimatsu's voice was laced with distrust. Accusation tinged that question, and Choromatsu couldn't convince himself that it wasn't well-deserved. Instead of answering, he shook his head and stood, empty cup in hand.“Thank you for the tea,” he muttered, and ducked away before Ichimatsu's reaching hand could seize his arm.He sped into the hall and ran straight into Todomatsu, who was still very much awake despite the sheen of exhaustion hazing his eyes. Choromatsu's heart sank when he realized that his youngest brother had also been waiting up for the oldest two to return. Did that mean he'd heard...?“You're going to confront Osomatsu.”It was a statement, not a question. He knew Osomatsu was home. He knew Karamatsu was not. Judging by the tightly crossed arms and the pout trembling on his lower lip, he demanded to know why. Well, that made two of them.“I'm coming with you.”“Totty—”“Don't 'Totty' me, Choromatsu. We're the same age. You're not protecting me from anything.”Choromatsu did his best to sputter out a protest, but Todomatsu ignored him utterly. He threw open the door to the family room, and Ichimatsu and Jyushimatsu tumbled out. They'd been eavesdropping, the brats. Not that that was difficult. The walls weren't exactly thick, and the sliding doors even less so. Todomatsu looked dismissively at the brothers tangled up at his feet.“You guys come, too. We all need to have a talk.”They jumped to attention without further prompting. Todomatsu was always bossy, but it was rare to see him so serious. Choromatsu didn't like where this was going, but there was little he could do to stop it now. The other three marched ahead of him towards the front door. All he could do was mutter a strangled, “Sorry, Osomatsu,” under his breath as he shuffled after them.He anxiously squeezed the empty cup, running his thumb over the smooth glaze finish. Soothing. His thumb brushed over a hairline crack in the ceramic. He looked down to inspect it, noticing for the first time that the cup was a deep, navy blue, overlaid with glitter, possibly to resemble an evening sky. Lining the cream-coloured inside of the cup on one side were the smudgy remains of what used to be maybe a few lines of poetry or some motivational quote, worn away by years of hot drinks and bouts with the dishwasher (never mind that it was probably supposed to be hand-wash only; was there even a person alive who followed such instructions?). It struck him that this was Karamatsu's cup. It was definitely Karamatsu's cup. So, so painful. Why had Ichimatsu given him tea in this? He had no time to ask. They were at the front door already.The four of them stepped outside, only to be immediately greeted with the telltale pungency of cigarette smoke lacing the dusk air. Osomatsu peered up at their ragtag group and pulled a long, slow drag.Choromatsu shivered. For some reason, he drew the cup closer against his body, as if to protect it. He was being ridiculous and he knew it, but he couldn't stop the pangs of dread that wracked him when Osomatsu's eyes met his own. At least Osomatsu was uninjured (not that Choromatsu was expecting him to be otherwise, no, no, definitely not). As the third eldest, it was his lead here. He had to say something to break the tension, to get at the heart of the matter weighing heavy on all of them.He stepped forward, bold, pulling back his shoulders and forcing his spine to extend to its full height.“K-Karamatsu—”His voice cracked. Osomatsu chuckled, a low, breathy sound. Just great. A hand on his arm prompted him to turn his head and see Todomatsu nod at him reassuringly before stepping forward, effectively swiping the mantle of responsibility from his shoulders. It was a shitty feeling, but there was some measure of relief in it, too. It was all he could do to keep from dropping the cup in his hands. Todomatsu didn't get a chance to speak, though, before Osomatsu loosed a pathetic whine.“You guys are looking at me like I killed him. What gives? Is your big brother really that shady?”“Yes.” That was Todomatsu.“You even gotta ask?” Ichimatsu.“Pretty shady, big brother. Ninety-percent shady. Maybe ninety-five.” Jyushimatsu.“We're not accusing you of murder,” Choromatsu began, ignoring Todomatsu's quip of “I am” and Ichimatsu's hum of agreement, “but you did leave together, and now you're back. Alone. I think it's reasonable to ask for some sort of explanation.”Setting aside the fact that on any normal day, Karamatsu could have traveled to Bangkok, Istanbul, Paris, and even the moon without any one of them caring, let alone noticing he was gone. Today wasn't a normal day.Osomatsu took another drag of his cigarette before snuffing it out on the porch. Choromatsu's eyebrow twitched at that. There was an ash tray right there, so why be obtuse? Their mother would be furious when she saw that burn mark. He made a mental note to paint over it later.“Okay,” said Osomatsu, turning to face them. “Fair enough. If you've gotta know, Karamatsu is staying at Chibita's, so you can stop looking at me like I dumped his corpse in a river. He was feeling too guilty to come home after what happened and said he'd rather sleep in the streets. Hell, he even curled up on a park bench for half an hour and refused to move. Talk about dramatic! I at least convinced him to ask Chibita to put him up for the night. Like hell I was gonna leave him loose in the wild.”“He's not a dog,” Todomatsu complained, eliciting a cheeky grin from their eldest brother. “Did he really say that?”“Well, he waxed poetic a bit. Did you want me to share that part, too? I remember most of what he said, but don't quote me on it.”“Not that, you idiot. I meant about feeling guilty. It wasn't even his fault! You know that, right?”A pause, and then Osomatsu shrugged. Todomatsu seemed about ready to fly at him, but Jyushimatsu's arms snaked their way around Todomatsu's shoulders, holding him back. The youngest struggled a bit, but he eventually settled back into the other's comforting embrace, burying his face into yellow sleeves and muttering bitter, incoherent nothings. And Jyushi was....Oh, no. Jyushimatsu was shaking. His eyes darted back and forth, taking in everything, settling on nothing, yet always flitting back and back to the gauze on Todomatsu's cheek. He shifted his weight continuously from foot to foot, as if standing barefoot on hot pavement. Beside him, Ichimatsu had pulled up not only his surgical mask, but the hood of his parka as well, effectively hiding his expression from the world. His shoulders hunched forward, drawn up almost to his ears, and he swayed slowly from side to side to side.With a surge of panic, Choromatsu realized that neither Ichimatsu nor Jyushimatsu had any idea what had happened. They could probably guess the general situation, considering how agitated they all were. This was exactly what Choromatsu wanted to avoid. Still, Choromatsu knew from experience that the horrors born of the imagination were almost always worse than reality, and it was unfair to leave them in the lurch to dream up all the terrible things Karamatsu might have done (but probably didn't).“Todomatsu,” he said, softly. Said brother peeked up from behind yellow sleeves with glossy eyes. “Go back inside and tell Jyushi and Ichi what happened. They still don't know anything. It's freaking them out, yeah?”“You don't know anything Chorofappyski,” Ichimatsu sneered. “Mind your own business. Don't assume how I feel.”“Right, right. Sorry.”He was quickly running out of the energy needed to deal with this. Thankfully, Todomatsu picked up on his brothers' ragged states and encouraged them to follow him back inside. Ichimatsu spit out a final, derisive tch before he went.Choromatsu gathered his resolve. He turned to Osomatsu and sat beside him, placing Karamatsu's cup in the space between them. Osomatsu cast the cup a cursory glance before returning to stare out at the now star streaked horizon.“That thing smells awful,” Osomatsu remarked. “Did you pee in it or something?”Choromatsu frowned. “It...It was tea...But don't try to distractme, Osomatsu. That's not what I want to talk about.”“Yeah. Yeah, I know. So talk away.”He took a breath to steady himself.“First question: is Karamatsu really at Chibita's?”A nod. “Walked him there myself.”Good. That was good.“Alright. Second: did he really say he would sleep in the streets?”Another nod, slower this time, followed by a heavy shrug. Choromatsu swallowed, hard. He was certain he already knew the answer to his next question, but he still had to ask. He still had to hold on to the tiny, tiny hope that he was wrong.“Okay, last question. Did Karamatsu really say he felt guilty about what he did? Is that really why he wanted to stay away?”A long silence followed in which Choromatsu could hear his own heartbeat getting louder and louder. This was awful. Seriously, the worst. He both wanted and didn't want Osomatsu's answer at the same time. Either way, waiting was driving him mad. Again. Just perfect.To his alarm, Osomatsu suddenly leaned his head heavily against Choromatsu's shoulder, taking up the forgotten blue cup to cradle in his lap (Choromatsu did not squawk like a startled chicken at the unexpected contact, he most definitely did not). Unsure what to say or how to react, Choromatsu awkwardly reached over to pat his brother's knee. Now he was really worried about that answer.“Osomatsu...?”“He was feeling guilty.”Choromatsu exhaled a massive sigh of relief—“But not because of what he did.”—which he immediately retracted by drawing in a sharp, anxious breath. He watched Osomatsu slowly turn the cup over and over in his hands while he spoke. Like Choromatsu, he paid particular attention to the fracture.“Karamatsu...he said he feels guilty because Todomatsu was there to see it. That, and he feels guilty for having pretty much zero regret about hitting the guy at all.”“B-but...if he feels guilty about it, doesn't that mean he is regretting it?”“He told me if he ever ran into that guy again, he might still try to beat him up.”“Ah...”That didn't seem to be the end of the story. Choromatsu waited for the rest, and, noticing that Osomatsu was struggling to say any more, started rubbing encouraging circles on the eldest's back. It was several more minutes before Osomatsu continued speaking.“I...I asked him if he was dangerous,” he said, so quietly Choromatsu had to lean in a bit closer to hear. “I asked him to think about Jyushimatsu, Todomatsu, Ichimatsu, about you, and I asked him if he was dangerous. He didn't answer me, but God, Choro, his face...I...I thought...”Osomatsu shuddered, drawing a ragged breath that sounded suspiciously like a sob. Not knowing what else to do, Choromatsu wrapped his arms around his older brother and held him tight while he cried out all his guilt and shame. He wasn't alone in feeling that way. Choromatsu shared some of that responsibility. And yet...there was something else nagging him. When the reason for his discomfort finally dawned on him, he desperately wished he could forget about it. He felt like throwing up.“You told Karamatsu to stay away, didn't you? You told him not to come home.”The sob that ripped through Osomatsu was so violent, he lost his grip on the cup. Choromatsu watched with detached dismay as the cup rolled off the porch and shattered against the ground.He shouldn't have asked that question. He shouldn't have asked that question. The answer was exactly as he had feared, and there was nothing he could do about it now. 



Cigarettes and Water
Chapter Notes
Why must Karamatsu suffer.



“Be honest with me, Karamatsu,” he asked. “Are you dangerous?”Karamatsu started. He laughed, the strained, high pitch belying his nerves, and fiddled with the sunglasses in his pocket.“What was that, dear brother?”Osomatsu's impatience swelled. It shouldn't have, but it did. He should have reigned it in, but he didn't. He kept thinking of Todomatsu, face resembling a burst tomato, and of Jyushimatsu back in high school, his tongue bitten almost in half when his jaw had clamped down in shock over the force of the elbow that slammed into his face. Karamatsu's elbow. Jyushi's nose had shattered so badly, it was a miracle it wasn't disastrously crooked now. Osomatsu still pinned responsibility for that injury on Karamatsu, and he wasn't quite ready to believe that Todomatsu's injury wasn't Karamatsu's doing, too, despite what he said about some drunk hooligan. As far as Osomatsu was concerned, the existence of that hooligan was only alleged.“Don't fuck around, Karamatsu. You heard me. I asked if you're dangerous.”Instead of answering, Karamatsu decided it was very worth his while to pluck at the hem of his hoodie. As if only just remembering he had them, he quickly withdrew his sunglasses from his pocket and slipped them smoothly onto his face. At sunset. Under the heavy shade of a tree. What an asshole.Osomatsu crossed his arms and bore down on Karamatsu with a heavy stare.“Listen, man. I need you to think real hard about what I'm asking you, alright? I need you to think about Todomatsu. You saw his face, and I don't just mean the blood. He looked ready to piss himself standing next to you. Think about Todomatsu, and then think about Jyushimatsu, and ask yourself if you want a repeat of that whole mess. Think about Ichimatsu and the way he used to look at you, think about Choromatsu and how anxious he got around you. Think, Karamatsu, and then I need you to look me in the eye, and I need you to tell me if you are dangerous. Because if you are, I can't let you back into the house.”As if deciding who was and who was not allowed into the Matsuno household was Osomatsu's call to make in the first place; but he was willing to fight Karamatsu down if need be. Kara had his freakish strength, however dormant it had been up to now, but Osomatsu was the better fighter. He was quick. Scrappy. Didn't shy away from the dirty hits. He could take down any of his brothers at the drop of a hat, and they all knew it. So if he said Karamatsu couldn't come in, then it was basically the rule of law. And anyway, the unspoken sentiment was there: I can't let you near our brothers; not now; not like this. As ready and willing to fight as he was, though, he had a suspicion that Karamatsu wouldn't argue with him on this.He was right.“H-heh, if you will it, my brother, then how could I, your devoted second-in-command, even dare to challenge the authority you so rightly—”“Cut the crap, would you? My question's not going anywhere so stop trying to dodge it.”Karamatsu squirmed where he sat on the bench, for all appearances cowed. Probably didn't help that Osomatsu loomed over him (just when had he stood up anyway? He couldn't remember doing that). A surge of pointless annoyance swept over him when he saw his own reflection glaring back at him in Karamatsu's sunglasses, and, impulsively, he ripped them off his brother's face and tossed them to one side.Ah, shit. He should have known better.It wasn't that Karamatsu was crying. He wasn't, not even a sniffle. But it was so, so much worse, whatever it was. His expression was shattered beyond anything Osomatsu had ever seen or could ever expect, a look that said whatever fragile faith he'd clung to in himself, in others, in his older brother, was obliterated past recognition or repair. His eyes were glassy, frighteningly far away, and those damned colored contacts didn't help, just made Osomatsu feel like he was staring uninvited through stained glass to watch his brother's heart splinter into a million jagged pieces. All that from a glimpse only, because in less than a second Karamatsu dove for his sunglasses and returned them to their rightful place on the bridge of his nose. In less than a second, Karamatsu grinned up at Osomatsu like he hadn't just accidentally revealed the supernova of his soul. In less than a second, Osomatsu steeled himself against what he'd seen, he had to, because even though his tightening chest warned him that that face would haunt him to no end later, he couldn't be assed about it right now.“P-perhaps I should, ah...I should stay out tonight,” Karamatsu murmured, turning his attention to the high branches of the tree spread out wide above them (Osomatsu's eye twitched at the fact that he still hadn't answered the damn question he'd been asked). “The weather is divine, and I think, um...I think the stars will be miraculous to behold.”“Just tonight?” the elder prodded.Karamatsu winced and very obviously tried to play it off by brushing his fingers across his fringe. “I-it can be a couple nights. Even a few. A true man is willing to test his limits against nature, to fight for—”Osomatsu's loud sigh as he melted back onto the bench at Karamatsu's side cut off the thread of his painful soliloquy. Karamatsu tensed up and clamped his mouth shut. Tch. As if it was Osomatsu who was the threat right now (even though he technically had threatened him, actually, but whatever).“Don't be completely dense, Painfulmatsu. I'm not telling you to slum it.”“Um...I don't...? I fear I'm not sure what you mean, my brother.”This guy was beyond hopeless. Osomatsu massaged his temples, wishing he had a beer or two (or three, or a whole pack) on hand. Christ, his stress levels were amping up to Chorofappyski proportions.“You've stayed with Chibita before, yeah? Think he'll put you up again? Just for a little while. Just until we figure out what's up with y—”“No.”The deadpanned answer shocked Osomatsu into a moment of open-mouthed silence.“No?” he repeated, his tone demanding clarification.“No,” Karamatsu said again.“Great. Good. That really cleared things up.” When Karamatsu simply shrugged in response, Osomatso followed up with, “Why the fuck not?”“It's simple. If I cannot be trusted with my own brothers, my closest kin, flesh of my flesh and blood of my blood, how could I be trusted with anyone else? Ah, that would be far too arrogant, even for me. I know I am a sinful man, the guiltiest of guys—”“Karamatsu—”“—but even I wouldn't dare to inflict myself on others what my own family cannot bear to—”“Oh my god, shut up. Can you stop, seriously, for, I dunno', two minutes? Two minutes. That's all I'm asking for. Two minutes of you not doing...” Osomatsu gestured vaguely at all of Karamatsu. “That. This is a serious conversation and I really don't have the patience for it right now, yeah? Let's at least talk to Chibita before you—”“I said no, Osomatsu. I already agreed not to go home. What I do instead is for me to decide.”There was something...off...about those words. A sudden chill coursed through Osomatsu's veins. He thought of the expression Karamatsu wore only moments earlier, did his damndest not to think about it, to smother it from his mind. It would not be smothered. While Osomatsu was still troubling over this, Karamatsu flashed him an easy, charming smile. Damn him.“Don't fret over me, my dear brother. I will be fine merely knowing you and the others are safe at home with each other, hearts and minds at ease in the knowledge that they have nothing to fear from someone like me.”As if that marked the end of the discussion, Karamatsu drew up his knees, curled into his jacket, and plopped over sideways on the bench, apparently determined to settle in for the night. It would have been a laughable sight, if not for how serious they both were.It was frustrating (and terrifying, though Osomatsu pushed that thought aside) how Karamatsu could switch masks over and over from one second to the next like a one-man masquerade. Osomatsu wasn't sure any more if Karamatsu really was the damn good actor his high school drama club had trained him to be or if he earnestly believed all the ridiculous nonsense he spewed nonstop. He'd only become the way he was after being suspended from drama club, after all. There was probably something to that, but Osomatsu really didn't want to think about it. All this thinking about Karamatsu was starting to give him a headache. He never spared this much valuable brain power focusing so hard on any single one of his brothers, especially not for as long as he' been focusing on this. This was stupid. He said as much.“This is stupid. You're going to Chibita's. He's the least likely to piss you off, right? He'll probably be safe with you. And if you lose your shit he can, I dunno', hide in a pantry or something. He's small enough. Anyway, it's just to sleep, so quit the pity party and get up. C'mon, I'll drag you there myself if I have to.”There was no answer. Karamatsu curled himself into a tighter ball. What was with this petty and uncharacteristic defiance? Osomatsu wasn't having it. He repeatedly jabbed his index fingers into Karamatsu's sides until his turtle pose unraveled in a squirmy flailing of limbs. It took another fifteen minutes to convince Karamatsu to leave the bench, and another ten to convince him that, no, the tunnel on the other side of the park was not a better option just because it was covered.Holy. Shit. Forget a pack of beer. Osomatsu needed to move into a brewery, stat.They were not far from Chibita's, but the way Karamatsu dragged his feet would get them halfway there by tomorrow. Either the guy was the most massive drama queen on this side of the Pacific, or he really did consider himself dangerous and just didn't want to admit it. Whatever the case, that blank look on his face was really grating on Osomatsu's nerves.“Say, can I ask you a question?”The only indication Karamatsu gave that Osomatsu's voice had startled him was the brief stiffening of his shoulders. After that, the actor seamlessly stepped back onto the stage. Smile, check. Shades adjustment, check. Hand smoothly brushing back hair, check. So. Fucking. Painful.“My heart is always open to you, Osomatsu. Tell me what's on your mind.”“Was there really a drunk guy? You're not making him up?”Karamatsu stopped walking. His blank expression was back, and Osomatsu could only assume Karamatsu was looking at him because his head was turned in his direction. In those sunglasses, though, Osomatsu only saw himself, staring, waiting. Accusing. He winced when he caught his own eye.Hand shaking, Karamatsu fumbled for something in his back pocket. His fingers came back grasping a carton of cigarettes. He popped one into his mouth, fished for a lighter, failed to find one. In a single, abrupt movement, he crushed the cigarette carton in his fist and pitched it, hard, putting his whole weight behind the swing of his arm. The carton struck a nearby streetlamp with a surprisingly forceful clang, scattering broken cigarettes across the sidewalk.Osomatsu watched this display with his fists curled tight in his hoodie pocket. Subconsciously, he'd dropped the slightest bit into a boxing-ready stance. His heart picked up its pace, preparing for fight-or-flight. But Karamatsu didn't make one move towards him. He didn't even look in Osomatsu's direction. Instead, after calming his ragged breaths, he heaved a sigh, retrieved the ruined carton, slowly collected the cigarettes, and relocated the whole mess to a nearby trash bin. All the while, Osomatsu watched him. He didn't realize he wasn't blinking until his eyes started to water. When it was clear Karamatsu wasn't going to move from his place beside the trash bin, Osomatsu relaxed a bit and let out a nervous chuckle.“If you needed a light, bro, you could've asked me.”Osomatsu reached into his own back pocket and pulled out his trusty bust-shaped lighter, flicking it into life. Flaming hot titties. Nice.Karamatsu arched a single incredulous brow before leaning his head in and holding the tip of his cigarette to the flame. Once it was lit, he drew back with a deep breath, closed his eyes, and held the smoke in his lungs for a five count. He let it all out in a slow and steady stream, tilting his head back to stare up at the sky. Osomatsu could almost taste the acrid tobacco himself, imagining the tingle of a pleasant burn at the back of his throat.He gave a weak smile after replacing his lighter and sheepishly brushed his finger under his nose.“Guess I asked the wrong question, huh?”Karamatsu inhaled again, this time for an eight count. When he answered, his eyes were still on the sky.“No...That's not...that's not it. I'm sorry, Osomatsu, that was...”Uncalled for? Boorish? Totally not okay? Yeah, it was all of those things. Osomatsu wasn't about to push his luck by saying any of that, though.“I don't know what came over me.” Karamatsu sighed.Sure, thought Osomatsu, and that's the problem.“There was a drunk man,” Karamatsu answered at last. “I didn't make him up.”The deep drawl was gone from his voice. Without it, Karamatsu seemed so much smaller, like he was a little kid again scared of the whole world and all the innocence crushing monsters in it waiting to gobble him up. Osomatsu swallowed the lump in his throat and fought the urge to bunch that little kid up safely in his arms. That urge turned to ice when Karamatsu grimaced at him.“I don't regret it, you know,” he said, voice quiet, way too quiet, and the world dropped out from under Osomatsu's feet. “I feel awful that I don't regret it. I should, right? But I'd do it again. I'd do it better. Smash his face into the sidewalk until his own mother can't tell the difference between him and marbled steak. Cut my knuckles on his teeth. Make him drink his own blood. I still might, if I ever run into him again. I'm just sorry Totty had to see it.”“Karamatsu, you...”The grimace became a wild grin. Osomatsu found it suddenly difficult to move as he watched his brother place his thumb over the top of the still-lit cigarette, pressing down until the stick became a mess of ash and tinder in his fist. The smell of burning flesh made Osomatsu bring his sleeve up to block his nose and mouth. He hissed over his arm.“You're fucking insane, you know that?”Karamatsu shrugged. He opened his palm and let the ashes cascade to the ground.“What the fuck is up with you, huh? When did you start—”Osomatsu fumbled for words, realizing he had no idea where to even begin. Start acting like this? Start acting like this again? Start having such fucked up thoughts in that fucked up brain?“I just...I just wanna know what's going on in your head...”Karamatsu regarded his burned thumb with disinterest before casually running his tongue over the blackened skin. Osomatsu frowned.“...Or maybe I don't.”“No,” Karamatsu agreed. “Maybe you don't.”Neither of them had anything to say after that.When they finally made it to Chibita's door, silence stale between them, Osomatsu, practically shoved Karamatsu past the threshold. He ignored his brother's pained yelp and Chibita's angry, confused spluttering, shooting an explanatory comment of “Sleepover” over his shoulder before power-walking away so fast he thought his heels might spark. He did not want to have to be the one to explain Karamatsu's situation. Karamatsu was a grown man. He and Chibita were good fiends, for some unfathomable reason. Dude could work it out himself. Osomatsu had done his part in looking out for his brothers.
But not all of them.
As many of them as he could.
That's not good enough.
Maybe not, but for right now it had to be. It's not like he had many options.
Or you were too damn lazy to really reach out. Couldn't bother trying harder.
Osomatsu grit his teeth.
Be real. You panicked at the bat of an eyelash. Easiest to kick the problem under the rug where you can't see it. It's what you usually do anyway, right? Easiest to make a monster out of him, because it's not like he'll actually fight back—
“Fuck!”Halfway home, the invasive inner voice brought him to an abrupt stop. He punched the nearest wall, which happened to belong to a convenience store. He realized this because he thoroughly freaked out a bunch of teenagers as they came out with shopping bags in tow. They looked like they'd just gotten out of cram school and were stopping for an evening snack. Tch. So carefree. One of the girls seemed to be debating whether or not to approach him, probably to ask if he was alright, God bless her, but his don't-fuck-with-me glare was more than enough to send her and her friends scurrying away. He clenched his fists and dug his nails into the palms of his hands in attempt to chase the voice away with pain. All it did was bring the memory of Karamatsu's shattered face (his stupid, stupid brokenhearted face) to the forefront of his mind. That, along with the sight of the teens, dredged up memories from high school that he'd spent long, sleepless nights forcing himself to suppress. Heels of his palms pressed to his temples, he tried to force the images away, muttering to himself, “No, no, no.”There was no stopping the flood. 
 
flash—
he is broken and barely breathing, so many tubes hooked up to him he looks like some freaky college robotics experiment, and no matter how long or how loudly they call his name (Karamatsu, Karamatsu, Karamatsu, while the heart monitor tracks him slowly, slowly) his eyes never open, he never moves, it's all they can do not to choke on their fear because the doctor says it's touch-and-go, touch-and-go, and oh, God, there's the realest chance that he'll slip between the seconds and leave them without so much as a word or warning, go where they won't be able to follow, all they can do is beg, beg, beg for him to stay, to open his eyes and his mouth and speak, say something, one word, anything, laugh at them, yell at them, blame them if he has to because none of this would have happened if they had just fucking been there for him, if they'd listened when he tried to tell them, to explain himself, if they had done that, if Osomatsu had given him even one iota of a second, they wouldn't be here now clinging to his hands and pleading with him not to let go—
flash—
Todomatsu clings the hardest, shakes the hardest even if he never sheds a tear, just covers Karamatsu's body like a shield and glares at them, at Osomatsu and Choromatsu, glares at them like he knows they did this, they did this, and the ache and hate in his doll eyes will never let them forget it—
flash—
the heart monitor holds a single note for too longit wakes them all up, and Ichimatsu's scream is a sound that brands itself onto Osomatsu's soul while nurses and doctors flood in, while nurses and doctors drag them out, nurses and doctors and nurses and doctors and the nurse-y doctor-y look they give the brothers and their parents like they are so, so sorry, like they gave the best they had but the best wasn't enough to make their brother staythe gut-wrenching sob that could have come from any one of them when they're told to say goodbye(Osomatsu's stomach twists, so it must be him weeping, after all)—
flash—
the moment Karamatsu pulls through, the moment Karamatsu opens his eyes, the moment Karamatsu crawls back from the far side of death, they pile onto him, touch his face his hair his hands his shoulders his legs his arms his chest, touch him like he's a miracle, like he might vanish if they don't memorize every part of him, and he smiles at them so warmly, so easily, smiles that smile they didn't know they missed until they lost and found it, and he tells them he can't remember a thing about who hurt him, but fucking hell he still looks at them like it's all his fault, his eyes are so broken, his eyes are so excruciatingly sorry, and Osomatsu presses his lips to his brother's forehead and hates himself for ever being born — 
 He doubled over, breathing hard. The feeling of cold sweat beading at the back of his neck disgusted him almost as much as the sick rising in his throat. He hated getting flashbacks like this, thought they were over after the years of child therapy his parents put him through following his abduction by some crazy asshole whose name he couldn't even remember anymore. Apparently not. He almost turned heel right there to hightail it back to Chibita's place, just so he could fold Karamatsu in his arms and plead his forgiveness, but god damn it, his episode wasn't over yet. He pulled his hood up, taking the smallest measure of comfort in the smothering nearness of the cloth around his head. He then pressed himself back against the convenience store wall and folded his knees against his chest, gritting his teeth as more memories bubbled to the surface. 
 
flash—
Jyushimatsu gags on his own blood, struggles to breathe, every heave of his chest a wet bubbling nightmare, and Ichimatsu is pale as death beside him, trying so hard to comfort him, but there's red everywhere, red on everything, red on him, Jyushimatsu's blood on his jacket and more and more leaving him every moment, and Ichimatsu can't catch his breath to stop the panic because Karamatsu is there, Karamatsu is staring right at them, but it's obvious he doesn't see them, no, his eyes are glass and gone, no one home there, and his hand is squeezing squeezing squeezing around some kid's throatthere's blood on his elbow, Kara's elbow, Jyushi's blood, he did it, he hurt Jyushimatsu, he hurt Jyushimatsu, and that's enough reason for Osomatsu to tackle him to the ground and punch him hard enough to fracture his own hand— 
flash—
the hospital room is way too cold and no one can find the thermostat, but it doesn't really matter because Jyushimatsu's head is so wrapped up in bandages he is unrecognizable and much too warmhe hates it, hates sitting still, keeps scratching at the bandages and crying because his nose hurts, his mouth hurts, his face hurts, everything hurts, and it hurts them all to see him this way, hurts them that they can't take the hurt away, and even when he sleeps Ichimatsu won't leave his sideeven when he sleeps their mother weeps softly over him, “my baby, my baby, my baby,” while their father stares at Karamatsu with something like awe, something like disgust, and when Karamatsu opens his mouth to choke out an apology, Jyushimatsu flinches at the sound of his voiceOsomatsu can't take it, he is furious, Choromatsu is furious, they are both yelling, prodding hard fingers at the second-born's chest, flying at him with bruising hands, bruising wordsJyushimatsu cries again, wails until his throat sounds raw, and Osomatsu shoves Karamatsu into the hall— flash— Ichimatsu shrinks into himself in the corner of their shared bedroom, Karamatsu standing over him, and Osomatsu can't hear what he's saying but Ichimatsu is trembling, he is shaking so hard, his eyes locked on Kara like Kara is a starving lionIchi recoils when Kara's hand reaches out, and that's reason enough for Osomatsu to shove Karamatsu's face to the floor and pin him down— 
 His mind focused slowly, slowly, and he gradually became aware of something cold and damp pressed against his left cheek. He whipped his head around to see the same high school girl from earlier holding a water bottle out to him. Osomatsu stared blankly between the girl and the water bottle, uncomprehending. She smiled encouragingly, proffering the bottle to him in a way he'd often seen Ichimatsu proffer food to overly suspicious cats.“I was worried you were sick, so I came back and found you hunched over here. I thought some water might help.”“Uh...thanks?”The girl hummed her acknowledgment, and Osomatsu took the bottle from her. He only intended to take a sip, but God, the cold liquid felt so good in his burning throat, and even better, it eased some of the cramping in his stomach, soothing the heavy nausea that he'd accumulated over the past couple hours. He ended up finishing the entire bottle in one go.“Woah,” said the girl.“Woah,” Osomatsu agreed.“Feeling better?”Instead of answering, Osomatsu made a vaguely affirmative noise and closed his eyes to gather his thoughts. His eyes snapped back open again when he felt the girl settle in at his side. She was still smiling at him, and sitting a bit closer than he was comfortable with, considering her age. The hell did this kid want now?“Um...”She blinked at him. He shuffled away the tiniest bit in a way that he hoped wasn't as awkward as it felt. The damn brat followed his movement, sidling up against him so that they were pretty much thigh-to-thigh. Oh, he so was not in the mood to get arrested for something like this.“Look,” he ventured, “if you're wanting me to pay you for that water, I don't have any money on me. You should really think twice before handing things out to strange adults. Or before getting so close to them.”He looked pointedly at their legs. As if only just realizing their proximity, the girl gave a small start and moved away. But not very much, the bold little brat. At least their thighs weren't touching anymore.“Oh, no, sorry, I don't expect you to pay me, just...”“Just...?”“You remind me of my big brother.”Osomatsu almost snorted. Tonight was a night for being a big brother, it seemed.“Well, if you've got a big brother, he's probably waiting at home worrying about you, right? What would he think of you cozying up to some shady guy? If I was him, I'd kick my ass.”“Pffft, sure. But, nah, he's not waiting anywhere for me. He's studying in the states right now.”A college man. That guy already had a leg up on him in the Reliable Big Brother category. Osomatsu found himself suddenly jealous of some dude he didn't even know. He must have made a funny face or something, because the girl was now looking at him a little anxiously.“Cool,” Osomatsu commented belatedly. “The states, huh? You must be so proud.”“I guess. I haven't spoken to him in, oh...three months?” She badly disguised a troubled frown. “He's probably pissing away our parents' money over there, but whatever.”“And...I remind you of this guy? You saying I look like I piss away my parents' money?”He did, and with enthusiastic dedication, but that was beside the point. This got a giggle out of the girl, though, and Osomatsu grinned despite himself.“Not that part! ...Well, okay, maybe a little.”“Screw you!”More laughter. She snorted between gulps of air, and okay, that was kinda cute. Osomatsu found himself wondering what kind of older brother he'd have turned out to be if he'd had a little sister like her relying on him. Still fucking hopeless, probably, but it was a nice two-second thought.“No, it's just...my brother used to make a face like you were making. Like the whole world was crashing down around him and he couldn't put it back together fast enough.”“Yikes. I looked that bad, huh?”She gave him an almost pitying smile. He must be worse off than he thought if a high school kid was feeling sorry for him.“I used to worry about him a lot. He was always trying to deal with things all by himself, like it'd kill him to ask for a little help, you know?”Oh, boy, did he know.“Of course, I don't know your situation, but...I guess I'm trying to say that..Just. Ask for help? Okay? If you really need it? It doesn't make you worthless, or anything like that. I feel like my brother used to think so. ”He raised an eyebrow at her. “You always hand out life-advice to adults you meet on the street?”The girl flustered, stammering out an incoherent string of apologies, something about not meaning to be condescending, but Osomatsu was too busy trying not to laugh out loud to really make out what she was saying.“Stop, stop,” he said, a chuckle escaping him. “I was just teasing you. Thanks, I mean it. I probably really needed to hear that.A happy nod. A happy smile. She looked so very relieved, and something in that expression reminded him of Choromatsu. Osomatsu supposed it must be stressful for younger siblings, too, watching their older brother or sister try to shoulder everything alone.“Ah, sorry to take up your time,” the girl said, glancing at the hour on her phone. “I should go, before I miss my train. I...I think I missed my brother more than I realized. It was nice to meet you, er...?”“Osomatsu. Matsuno Osomatsu.”“Matsuno-san!”That was a shock to his ears. No one had called him Matsuno-san since his underclassmen in high school, and since there were five other Matsuno-sans in the same year with the same face, it was always a confusing disaster for everyone.“Yeah, uh...No. I mean. Wasn't a bother. You helped me out, so...”“You do look a lot better now. I'm glad.”“Heh. Thanks.”The girl stood up at last and dusted off the back of her skirt. She held her hand out to him expectantly, and when he tentatively gave her his own hand to shake, she surprised him by hauling him to his feet. He barely had time to wonder where that slip of a thing stored all that strength before she really was shaking his hand.“I'm Yoshimi. I don't suppose it would be appropriate to ask if we could trade LINEs...?”Osomatsu's mouth twitched. Did he really look so terrible that she was trying to keep tabs on him?“I don't have a cellphone, anyway,” he offered by way of excuse, hoping that would be enough to dissuade her.She looked so shocked that there could be someone in Japan without a cellphone in this day and age that Osomatsu couldn't resist pulling her cheeks.“Don't look at me like that. Not everything is about technology, kid.”Like hell he was gonna admit the reason he didn't have his own phone was because he couldn't afford one. Confess to being a NEET to this girl who was already looking at him like he was the runt in a litter of stray puppies? Yeah, right.“Anyway,” he went on after letting her go, “it's your big brother you should be calling. You miss him, right? Guarantee you he misses you too.”“You think so?”“Definitely. I'm a big brother, too, after all. I know these things.”Yoshimi gave him her widest smile yet. “I knew it. I got that feeling from you. You have a lot of warmth, Matsuno-san.”“Ugh. Not that it matters, but just Osomatsu is fine. Anyway, get your ass home and give your bro a call already. He'll be glad to hear your voice and whatever.”She looked Osomatsu over once more as if deciding whether or not it was safe to leave him alone, and then, apparently satisfied he wouldn't collapse into a blubbering mess again, departed with a smile and a wave. Osomatsu watched her go until she was out of sight, wondering why his brothers couldn't be that cute and...well, normal. But then again, he supposed they wouldn't be his brothers if they were any other way.In any case, a drink of water and the simple act of human interaction had helped him calm down enough to think clearly. His mind was made up. There was no way he could bring Karamatsu back to the house while he was stuck in whatever freaky head space he'd boxed himself into, not even if he made that pathetic (painful, painful) face. He couldn't just think about Karamatsu's feelings right now. He had four other brothers to think of as well, and he couldn't put them at risk over maybes and maybe nots. On this point, at least, he was confident that Karamatsu would have agreed with him. They just couldn't take the chance.He continued his walk home, hands shoved into his hoodie pocket as he kicked his empty water bottle down the road. His doubts came back before long, demanding he let the memories in, but he was ready to stave them off this time.“It'll be fine,” he said aloud, leaning on the sound of his voice to keep him grounded in the present. “He'll cool off for a few days, then we can get together with Choro and figure out what triggered this whole mess. Everything's fine. It's fine. It's fine.”“What's fine, big brother?”Osomatsu whirled at the sound of the loud voice booming at his ear. Jyushimatsu seemed to have materialized out of nowhere, and as near to a heart attack as Osomatsu was, he was still immensely grateful to see that yellow jacket smeared with grass stains and mud. That unflappable smile, too, did wonders for banishing useless thoughts. It also reminded Osomatsu of what he was trying so hard to protect, and that small, guilty voice nagging incessantly at him became even smaller. It wouldn't stay that way for long, but Osomatsu would relish in the brief silence while he could.“Ah, you know. Lost at the horse races again. Just trying to think positive. It's all fine!”Grinning, he swiped his finger under his nose. This was enough of an answer for Jyushimatsu, who flung his arm over Osomatsu's shoulders and marched them in the direction of home.“It's fine, Osomatsu! You'll do better next time! Muscle, muscle! Hustle, hustle! Never give up!”“That's right, Jyuushi. I won't give up.”“I'm hungry, big brother. Let's hurry home before they eat everything without us!”He allowed himself to be swept away by his little brother's boundless energy and enthusiasm. He kept his head low and took comfort in the warmth emanating from the body beside him. He held onto that warmth and to the warmth he'd felt while talking to Yoshimi, and he used them to bolster his heart as much as he could. He imagined his youngest four brothers, their smiling faces. For their sake, he told himself, fighting hard to ignore the pangs in his chest that grew worse with every step closer they came to home. It was all for their sake. Everything was fine. 



Chinese Fingertrap
Chapter Notes
Thank you so much for all the lovely comments! I really, really appreciate it! Honestly, they give me the energy to keep going :) This chapter is a bit early because I will be away this weekend. I hope you enjoy!Soundtrack: "Order Made" by RADWIMPSContent Warning: Some Explicit Language



There was lots to focus on. The soft tatami tickled his bare knees. He hadn't had a chance to bathe yet, so he was still sticky and way too hot, the shirt beneath his jacket clinging uncomfortably to the drying sweat on his skin. His jacket smelled like grass, but it also smelled like wet socks, and while he didn't mind the musky smells that came with his active lifestyle, wet sock smell was unbearable. Stronger than that, though, was the lingering scent of the Valerian tea Ichimatsu brewed earlier for Choromatsu.Valerian root was unpleasant. That's what he had been told. Karamatsu made a pinched face every time he brewed it, and Todomatsu said it smelled like something died in a compost heap. But Jyushimatsu loved it. He loved it because it reminded him of his big brother. Right now, though, it was a smell that brought Karamatsu's smile to mind and a painful lurch to Jyushimatsu's heart. The tea was here. Karamatsu was not.Jyuushimatsu nodded and hummed every so often to let Todomatsu know he was listening to his story. But he wasn't, not really. It was...hard. He kept wiggling in place, rearranging his legs, scratching his knees, his head, his arms. His eyes wandered endlessly around the room, and sometimes, he played with his sleeves, twisting them around and around each other until the fabric wrinkled and stretched and he'd tied himself into a knot. Ah. It happened again.When was the last time he'd felt like this? This kind of restless?There were nights he worried about Homura, nights when letters from her should have arrived but didn't. On those nights, Karamatsu was always there to tell him everything would be alright. They'd sing songs together on the rooftop and take turns reading new shapes into the stars.There was that night before Choromatsu left home, a night of celebration turned sour when Osomatsu landed a kick square in Jyushimatsu's gut that sent him flying. On that night, Karamatsu was there to diffuse the situation by dragging Osomatsu out of the house. Afterwards, when Osomatsu was calm and Jyushimatsu was not, Karamatsu sat with him in the living room and rubbed warm circles onto his back while he curled around his aching stomach and cried.On nights like those, when Jyushimatsu was anxious, when any or all of them were anxious, Karamatsu was there. Karamatsu was always there. This feeling was different. This feeling was so much more than anxious, but he didn't have a name for it.Jyushimatsu pulled at his sleeves, trying to untangle them, only managing to tighten the knot. The harder he pulled, the more stuck he became. His lips pursed into a thin line of frustration. It reminded him of a toy Ichimatsu had given him in middle school. What was it called? Chinese fingertrap? Something like that. The harder you struggled to get out of it, the tighter the trap held you ensnared. The only hope of release was to relax, push your hands together instead of pulling them apart, and then twist each finger out slowly, one at a time. This was always difficult for Jyushimatsu to do, and it'd kept him occupied for hours at a time. Being trapped wasn't something he had the patience to deal with right now.He frowned at his sleeves, hating them. He pushed his hands together and crushed the knot between his palms.  He frowned at the fingertrap, pulling hard. Predictably, it constricted around his fingers and dug into his skin. Ichi snickered from across the table.“Still playing with that thing? It's been years, Jyushimatsu. When are you gonna figure it out?”Instead of answering, Jyushi gave it another pull. Ichimatsu took hold of his wrists, gently brought his hands closer together, and then wiggled each end of the trap off of his fingertips, one at a time. Finally free, Jyushimatsu beamed.“Amazing! Big brother Ichimatsu is amazing! You're like magic! A magician!”More snickering. Jyushimatsu didn't mind. Unlike others who laughed at his antics, Jyushimatsu knew his brother wasn't making fun of him.“What's really amazing is that you haven't broken that thing yet. I gave one to Osomatsu and Todomatsu too, ya know, and they broke theirs within the first couple of months.”Jyushimatsu supposed that made sense. Osomatsu was one for instant gratification, and Todomatsu could be a bit clumsy when frustrated. Still, hearing any sort of praise from any of his brothers made Jyushimatsu glow with pride. He tucked the fingertrap into his school bag and took Ichimatsu's hands into his own, giving them an affectionate squeeze. The way Ichimatsu winced made Jyushimatsu's smile fall off in an instant. Before Ichimatsu could distract him or retreat, Jyushimatsu pushed back the left sleeve of his brother's uniform, exposing his forearm. His breath caught in his throat. Angry red lines crisscrossed the pale skin between Ichimatsu's wrist and the crook of his elbow. Trembling, Jyushimatsu held his brother's wounded arm tenderly against his cheek.“Ichi...you promised you wouldn't...”Ichimatsu snatched his arm away and roughly pulled his sleeve back down. Jyushimatsu's hands had never felt so empty. His fingers twitched. Without thinking, he brought them to his mouth and nibbled at the dead skin around his cuticles. Ichimatsu clicked his tongue and pinned Jyushi's hands against the desk between them.“You promised to stop biting,” Ichimatsu snarled. “Guess we both messed up.”Lunch break ended before Jyushimatsu could gather his thoughts together enough to reply. Ichimatsu shuffled soundlessly back to his own classroom, the familiar slouch to his shoulders more pronounced than Jyushimatsu liked to see it.Ichi was hurting. What should he do? All through the rest of the day, Jyushimatsu thought hard about this question. He couldn't answer anything the teachers asked him, which earned him even more derisive snickers from his classmates than usual, but he didn't care about that so much. Helping Ichi was more important. The last time this happened, Jyushimatsu had gone to Karamatsu, who had gone to their parents. Ichimatsu still wasn't talking to Karamatsu, but Karamatsu lied and said he found the razor in Ichimatsu's drawer rather than that Jyushimatsu told him, so at least Ichimatsu was still talking to someone. He couldn't go to Karamatsu again, knew Ichimatsu wouldn't accept any help from the second eldest at this point, but that didn't stop him from waiting around outside the theater after classes for Karamatsu to get out of drama club.When Karamatsu spotted Jyushimatsu squatting near the theater entrance, his eyebrows shot up. His surprised expression effortlessly transitioned into one of delight as he sauntered up to his younger brother.“Jyushimatsu! What are you doing here, mon frere? Not that I'm not thrilled to be graced by your radiant smile, but don't you have baseball practice? Ah! Could it be?” His eyes sparkled in a way that made Jyushimatsu's smile twitch. “You were let out early and decided to pick me up, is that it? Truly I am the luckiest of men, to be blessed with a brother so sweet. What magnificent deeds must I have done in my previous life to deserve you?”Karamatsu swooped dramatically down to one knee and took hold of Jyushimatsu's hand just as Jyushimatsu rose to his feet. From the direction of the theater, a chorus of giggles. Jyuushimatsu spotted the other drama club members elbowing each other in the ribs and pointing at them as Karamatsu planted a loud kiss to the back of Jyushimatsu's palm. He was, apparently, one of the more notorious second years. In one quick movement, Jyuushi slid out of Karamatsu's grip and caught the elder's face between his hands. Jyushimatsu gave Karamatsu's cheeks a rough squeeze.“Painful,” he said, before bursting into a fit of laughter at his brother's fish lips and scrunched up eyes.“Jooshi, hat hurtsh.”Kara bounced to his feet the moment Jyushimatsu let him go.“I'm sorry to ask this when you've already been waiting so long,” said Karamatsu, “but could I ask you to wait just a bit longer? It's my turn to help clean the club room, you see, and I—”“Kara!”Both brothers turned to look at the five remaining drama club members, in particular at the tall senior student who waved in their direction and who had apparently called out to Karamatsu.“Don't worry about the club room,” said the senior. “You worked hard today. We'll take care of it!”“A-are you sure?”“Absolutely. See you next time!”Double pistols and a wink. The other four drama students mimicked their senior, and Karamatsu mirrored them in reply.Throwing his arm around Jyushimatsu's shoulders, he said, “Then, dear brother, shall we?”Jyushimatsu's footsteps were almost automatic. Every time he walked home with Karamatsu, their path always took them through the park. It was the longer way around, and none of their other brothers liked it. Karamatsu claimed it was a good place to practice greeting people (he had to get over being shy somehow, if he was to seriously pursue acting as a career), but Jyushimatsu knew the real reason they stopped at the park bridge every day. After all, Karamatsu's shyness prevented him from stopping by the busy thoroughfare on his own.It was because of the koi, and how much Jyushimatsu loved them.They leaned over the bridge railing side-by-side, Jyushimatsu swinging his arms back and forth. The koi swirled in the water beneath him, chasing the shadows cast by his hands. Karamatsu smiled at him softly.“So, my little Jyushimatsu. What's troubling you?”Jyushimatsu turned to stare at Karamatsu, surprised, at first. And then he laughed, hiding his mouth behind his sleeve. Leave it to his big brother to know when something was wrong.His reservations melted away, and Jyushimatsu explained everything: Ichi's new wounds, his slumped shoulders, the fact that he didn't want Jyushimatsu talking about him to Karamatsu at all. Karamatsu listened with the tiniest of frowns shadowing his mouth. He nodded ever so slightly as Jyushi spoke. When Jyushi finished, Karamatsu kept his eyes on the water. Whether he was watching the koi swirl about or lost deep in his own thoughts, Jyushimatsu couldn't tell. He could never tell what Karamatsu was thinking. It wasn't quite as simple to read him as it was to read his other five brothers.After just enough time had passed for Jyushimatsu to get antsy (which, admittedly, was not very long), Karamatsu sighed.“You don't want Ichimatsu to know you said anything, is that right?”A nod from Jyushimatsu. Karamatsu mirrored the movement.“I understand. I'll do what I can.”They walked the rest of the way home chatting about idle things: drama club, baseball club, a girl who caught Jyushimatsu's eye (Jyushimatsu denied any real interest, but he could tell that Karamatsu knew better). The weather turned sour, and not long after they made it under the safety of their own roof, a downpour began that would make even the most cold-hearted person afraid for those caught outside. A typhoon was coming, they heard on the news. This was only the beginning of it.That night, Jyushimatsu overheard the mutters and curses coming from their bedroom while only Karamatsu and Ichimatsu were inside. He stood rocking on his heels in the hallway, wanting to go in but not wanting to interrupt. Osomatsu, Choromatsu, and Todomatsu were all downstairs, arguing over whose turn it was to control the remote. The curses rose in volume until they were full shouts. Jyushimatsu took that as his cue to leave. If Ichimatsu caught him standing out there, he'd know who it was that told Karamatsu about the cuts on his arm.He bolted downstairs and threw himself between his three other brothers, wrenching the remote from between Todomatsu's and Osomatsu's grappling hands before fixing them with the special stare that always rendered them speechless. He flipped the channel to his favorite cartoon (a show that looked lighthearted at first glance, but featured a lot of slapstick violence) and waited for either Karamatsu or Ichimatsu to come down.As it turned out, Ichimatsu stormed down first. Jyushimatsu knew it was Ichimatsu, because Karamatsu would never slam the front door hard enough to shake the whole house. Jyushi wanted to run after him, of course he did; a typhoon was coming, and he was worried. But he was also scared. What if Ichimatsu knew he had betrayed him? What if he pushed Jyushi away and told him never to come near him again? Jyushimatsu ran these scenarios through his head, over and over, until his heart raced and his whole body trembled. He couldn't go after Ichimatsu. Besides, Karamatsu was bound to follow him eventually. Right?Just to make sure, he tiptoed back upstairs and peeked into the bedroom. Karamatsu was sprawled out, dazed, on the floor, head leaning against the dresser. Jyushimatsu ran to him in alarm, lifting him by one elbow.“Nii-san, what happened?! Are you alright?”Only after lifting his big brother did he see the angry red mark on his left cheek, where Ichimatsu had presumably hit him hard enough to leave a bruise. Even so, once Karamatsu sat up properly, he smiled and opened his hand for Jyushimatsu to see the razor he held inside. Thin lines of blood seeped through the short hairline cuts gouged into his fingers and palm.“Ichi didn't want to give it up,” Karamatsu explained, “but I can be very persuasive. Don't worry. He has no idea you told me anything.”Jyushimatsu couldn't help himself. He threw his arms around Karamatsu and burst into tears."There, there, Jyushi." Karamatsu pocketed the razor and pat Jyushimatsu gently on the head. "What do you say we go downstairs and make some tea?"Jyushimatsu, solemn, nodded against his older brother's chest.* * *The typhoon tore through their city, upending trees, ripping shingles off of rooftops, throwing power lines into other power lines, and bursting the river like a popped vein.Nine o'clock passed, and then eleven, and then twelve. Still, Ichimatsu did not come home. The five remaining brothers sat around the kotatsu, all in various stages of fidgeting. Jyushimatsu saw them fidgeting, even though they tried to hide it, even though he was fidgeting the most. He had his fingertrap on again, to stop his finger biting, and he tugged at it half-heartedly. He kept shooting glances at Karamatsu, who looked so tense it seemed a poke to the arm would be enough to make him pop. So Jyushimatsu didn't poke. After all Karamatsu had done to take the brunt of Ichimatsu's wrath, Jyushi didn't feel like bothering him anymore. Still, someone had to go after Ichimatsu.It was Choromatsu who finally said it.“He's isn't coming back,” the third eldest pointed out, once and for all addressing the elephant in the room. When no one replied, nor even glanced in his direction, he added, “Someone has to go look for him.”Todomatsu snorted.“Are you crazy? There's a typhoon out there.”“I know that,” said Choromatsu, frowning. “That's exactly why someone needs to find Ichimatsu as soon as possible.”“My dear brothers, as I am partially responsible for this, I will take it upon myself to—”“Someone who won't get lost and die,” Choromatsu interjected.“Ah.” Karamatsu sat back down.Jyushimatsu wanted to volunteer to search for his brother, of course he did. He was still afraid, though. Afraid of what Ichimatsu might say, afraid Ichimatsu would refuse to come home with him. He tugged and tugged and tugged at the fingertrap, to no avail. It simply could not be undone without Ichimatsu.Choromatsu pointedly glared at Osomatsu until the eldest groaned.“Fine, fine, I get it. I'll go look for the idiot.”“Brother, please let me come.”Everyone stared at Karamatsu with frank doubt. Choromatsu, especially, seemed nervous about the very idea. Jyushi couldn't understand why. After Choromatsu, he thought Karamatsu to be the most reliable of his big brothers.“I really am to blame for this,” Karamatsu explained under his breath (and inside Jyushi screamed no, no, no), “that's why I'd like to help.”After a moment's hesitation during which Karamatsu fixed him with the neediest eyes, Osomatsu finally relented.“Yeah, sure, whatever. I'm gonna get dad.”And Karamatsu smiled. And Jyushimatsu's heart broke for the third time that day. Distantly, he thought of the koi in the park, and hoped they were alright. Like that, with all his anxious strength, he finally, finally, tore the fingertrap in half.* * *It was four in the morning when they made it back, soaked through, shivering, furious where Ichimatsu looked small, sad, and horrified. Matsuyo scooped him up into her arms and held him tight, crying into the shoulder of his hoodie. The brothers stood around them in a distant semi-circle, not sure what to say, less sure what to do. Osomatsu marched straight upstairs for a bath. Choromatsu clapped Ichimatsu on the shoulder and welcomed him home, while Todomatsu snapped a picture to post on facebook. “Crazy lost brother found,” he captioned it. “Looks like a drowned cat.” Karamatsu stood to one side dripping in the entryway, brows furrowed, eyes dark, clenching and uncleching his fists. He wouldn't look at Ichimatsu at all.It was Karamatsu who found him, Jyushimatsu later learned (though where and how, neither Karamatsu nor Ichimatsu ever said).Upstairs, Jyushimatsu helped Ichimatsu peel off the clothing sticking wet and mud-slicked to his skin and folded him into a thick towel, huddled up while they waited for Osomatsu to vacate the bathroom. Ichimatsu was small and so, so cold. He smelled thickly of storm and the heavy, heady punch of earth.Karamatsu brought up more towels, dampened with hot water, a cup of steaming ginger tea, and a large blanket. Jyushi accepted them in the hallway (Karamatsu refused to enter the bedroom, said Ichimatsu wouldn't appreciate his presence) and muttered a small thanks under his breath. In typical Karamatsu fashion, he read Jyushimatsu's worries like a treasured book. Giving Jyushimatsu's shoulder a loving squeeze, Karamatsu winked at him.“Don't worry about a thing, my little Jyushimatsu. Ichimatsu isn't mad at you. You just look after him. I'll take care of the rest.”Jyushimatsu curled himself around Ichimatsu, slinging an arm over him and pulling him close against his natural exuberant warmth. Wrapped up as he was, washed with hot towels as he was, still, Ichimatsu would not stop shivering. Jyushimatsu's heart broke for the fourth time. He wanted to apologize, to pepper his brother's face with as many kisses as there'd been years of their life and more, but Ichimatsu's hid his face beneath trembling hands.In a small, small voice, the smallest possible, Jyushimatsu pleaded, “Please, please don't be mad at Karamatsu.”This got Ichimatsu to peek up. If he looked at all surprised, Jyushimatsu missed it.Again he said, “Please don't be mad at him. I told him about...about you. He was just trying to help.”Ichimatsu choked out a bitter laugh. Jyushimatsu pressed closer to him, afraid his brother would push him away. If anything, Ichimatsu leaned even more into Jyushimatsu's closeness.“I'm not mad at him,” Ichimatsu sneered. “I'm fucking terrified. I'm a fuck-up, Jyushimatsu. Every day is something else, some other problem I can't bother him with because he's doing so damn well. Every time he gets involved with me I screw him over somehow. Do you know how many fights he's gotten into because of me? He has friends Jyushi. His grades are good. He's part of a club. I can't mess that up for him. He didn't tell me, but I know. I overheard the teachers talking about it; if he gets involved in even one more incident, he'll be suspended from drama club. He might even be kicked out of school. I can't do that to him, Jyushi. I can't.”And there it was. The thing Jyushimatsu failed to see, even when it was so, so obvious. He should have known. Ichimatsu could never hate Karamatsu. None of the six of them could ever hate each other. They were sextuplets, a set, and nothing would ever change that or tear them apart. Nothing.        Jyushimatsu buried his face into Ichimatsu's neck and held him tight, so tight that he couldn't possibly think of disappearing or hating himself or anything like that. Jyushi wanted to squeeze out all of the bad, all of the hurt, all of the scared. He knew he couldn't, knew it was as futile as pulling at the fingertrap, but he tried anyway. He tried, because he didn't know what else to do.Before they got the chance to use the shower, the power went out with a pop. A flash of lighting and a violent belch of thunder added insult to injury. For the rest of the night, Ichimatsu shook against Jyushimatsu's warmth. He shook and he shook, and in the dark Jyushi listned to his brother stifling sobs.He never did learn what happened to Ichimatsu that night, but it didn't really matter. It didn't matter, because whatever it was, whatever set Ichimatsu so on edge that he jumped in the school hallways whenever other students approached him, whatever made him fidget every day in class until even the teachers began asking him to please stand out in the corridor until he calmed down, whatever made his eyes dart around like he was waiting for a monster to creep out of the cracks and devour him, Karamatsu found it out. Karamatsu found it out, and God have mercy on the culprits, because the second born Matsuno son had none to give them.It went down in their school's history as 'The Matsuno Incident of Class 2-C' — not because Karamatsu Matsuno was at the heart of it (which he was), but because each and every one of the sextuplets was involved.Who could forget that day? It was branded into Jyushimatsu's memory like the worst and deepest scar.Four boys surrounded Ichimatsu and Jyushimatsu in the classroom, taunting them. Jyushimatsu put himself between Ichimatsu—whose eyes darted back and forth, whose breath was sharp and erratic—and the bullies, who jeered at them both. Jyushi doesn't even recall exactly what the bullies said (save for one choice phrase they repeated over and over), or who they were. Their faces are crystal clear in his head, but their words are a fog. What he does remember, sharper than anything, is Karamatsu.Karamatsu, walking quietly, so quietly, up behind the most vocal of the bullies. Karamatsu putting his hand on the bully's shoulder. Karamatsu spinning the bully around. Karamatsu's fist crashing into the bully's face hard enough to knock teeth loose. After one boy was on the floor, the three others followed in quick succession. Karamatsu spared nothing. He'd laid them all out before anyone else in the classroom had time to so much as gasp. All the while, his expression was blank as a fresh painted wall. His mouth, a flat line, betrayed nothing. His eyes betrayed even less. Iron. Smoky glass.His attention returned to the first bully. Karamatsu lifted the dazed boy by the collar of his school blazer, stood him up, hit him again. He hit him again, and again, and again. Each time, he drew his elbow back hard, threw his fist harder. Jyushimatsu screamed his brother's name, not for fear of the bully's well-being; if he was being honest, he could have cared less what happened to someone who called his favorite brother a “cat-fucking waste of space.” No, he was scared for Karamatsu. He was scared Karamatsu would be arrested, charged for assault (and this was assault, no if ands or buts about it), scared Karamatsu would be put away for life and that he would never see his big brother again just because some scum of the earth brat had decided to be trash. With this and this alone on his mind, Jyushimatsu ran at Karamatsu, shouting, begging. Jyushimatsu ran, and he reached out for his brother's hand.He wasn't fast enough.Karamatsu's elbow, when it drew back, slammed into Jyushimatsu's face with the force of a truck. That's what it felt like, anyway, when his nose shattered and blood gushed into his mouth and down his throat. He collapsed backwards and struck his head against the classroom's cold, tiled floor. Amazingly, that's when all the screaming really started. It may be that up until then, everyone was too shocked to say or do anything. But once Jyushimatsu's painful shrieks and Ichimatsu's fearful cries filled the air, the other students jumped to attention. Bodies surrounded him and the other injured boys in a dizzy flurry. All Jyushimatsu saw was red and white and, somewhere in the blaring buzz between his eyes and the back of his skull, Ichimatsu's panicked eyes. He lost consciousness soon after.In the hospital, he was told that it was Osomatsu who rushed in and tackled Karamatsu to the floor. He was told it was Choromatsu who pulled Osomatsu off of Karamatsu when his punches came too fast and too hard to be safe. He was told it was Todomatsu who spun a story to tell the teachers, the principal, the police, that it was the four bullies who started the fight and that the hits Karamatsu took came from them. It was also Todomatsu who convinced the witnesses to tell the same story. It wasn't hard; Todomatsu was charming, and nobody liked the four offending boys anyway.Jyushi remembers how cold Osomatsu and Choromatsu acted towards Karamatsu for weeks after, remembered how Osomatsu wouldn't even let Karamatsu in his hospital room to visit. Only once did Jyushimatsu remember weeping openly, and it was because Osomatsu kicked Karamatsu out of the room when all Jyushi wanted to do was see him, hold him, tell him he forgave him and that it wasn't his fault. Karamatsu apologized until his voice went hoarse. Jyushimatsu cried over and over that it wasn't Karamatsu's fault. All Choromatsu said was that he didn't have to defend Karamatsu, because Karamatsu had done a horrible, awful thing.They blamed him. They blamed the second-eldest, and all Jyushimatsu could do was let them. If only he had done more to convince them back then, if only he had told Karamatsu what he truly felt about the whole situation instead of shaking like a leaf whenever he spoke, then maybe...maybe...But it was far too late for maybes now.  Todomatsu put a hand on his knee.“Jyushi, do you maybe wanna go to the bath house?”He shook his head, panicked.“No, No, what if Kara comes home and wants tea? We always drink it together. I don't wanna make him wait.”Todomatsu frowned at him. Jyushimatsu tried not to stare at the gauze. He stared at the gauze.“Karamatsu isn't coming home tonight, Jyushi,” Totty sighed. “He's staying at Chibita's, remember?”“But he might come home.”“I...I don't think he will. Not tonight, anyway.”“But he might.”A hand on his shoulder made him turn. Ichimatsu was there. Ichimatsu was looking at him with those gentle eyes only Jyushimatsu knew.“You need to shower, at least,” Ichimatsu told him. “C'mon, I'll scrub your back.”So he followed him up the stairs. He followed him to the bathroom. Splash, splash, splash, rinse. The stream of water stopped a moment, and Ichimatsu rubbed the washcloth in gentle circles on Jyushimatsu's shaking back.“Don't worry so much,” Ichimatsu murmured. “Sounds like Shittymatsu's just fine. Had a slip up, and now he's staying with a friend. Think of it like a sleepover or something. We did a few of those back in school, yeah?”Sleepover. A sleepover. Karamatsu was just sleeping over. Yeah. Yeah! They did that sometimes, slept over friends' places, when they were little. Though not so often, because when they were still young enough for those kinds of things, they'd all miss each other too much, and it ended up being that when you invited one Matsuno, you invited them all, and by middle school there was no one who could deal with that, with them. But now Karamatsu was having a sleepover, and that was great! He was sleeping over, without his brothers, but still with someone they all trusted. Safe, though. Safe.So why couldn't Jyushimatsu stop fidgeting?He wondered this while Ichimatsu rinsed him off. He wondered this while he pulled on his pajamas and when Ichimatsu curled up beside him on the couch. He wondered this when Osomatsu and Choromatsu came back in, and when Todomatsu peered at them through eyes so narrow Jyushimatsu wondered how his only younger brother could see anything at all. He especially wondered this when neither Choromatsu nor Osomatsu would meet his, Jyushimatsu's, gaze. Avoiding him, like they couldn't bear to look at him, like looking at him would break their hearts. Both of their eyes were red. Crying red. But why? Why?The last time they'd been like this was after Homura left and Jyushimatsu was too sad to look back at them anyway. But that time, they'd comforted him. That time, they didn't look guilty. They looked guilty now. Jyushimatsu pressed closer against Ichimatsu, and Ichimatsu leaned into him. He snaked his arms around Ichimatsu's arms, and he shook. He shook and he shook. Not even Ichimatsu's hand on his head could stop his quaking.“I'll make you some tea,” Ichi offered, and even though Jyushimatsu wanted to say no, wanted to say he wouldn't drink it without Karamatsu, he yearned too much for the warm, tingly calm that always settled over him after two or three cups. And so he nodded. He nodded until the droplets of water that collected at the corners of his eyes spilled out.Ichimatsu reached over, wiped the tears away with his sleeve. Across the room, Choromatsu made a funny, strangled sound. Todomatsu, who was sitting on the floor, reached for Jyushimatsu's hand to give it a gentle squeeze.Osomatsu still didn't look at him. Osomatsu didn't look at anyone. 



Smooth Stone
Chapter Notes
Soundtrack: "The Quiet" by Troye Sivan, "Never Let Me Go" by Florence + The Machine



Infuriating. Outrageous. Who does he think he is? Extra. None of his business.Ichimatsu clicks his tongue, shoves his hands into his pockets.No reason for Karamatsu to take his razor, none of his business. He took it anyway. He took it and Ichimatsu is angry, and now he has no way to get that anger, that hurt, out of him. The way blood runs, it's like disappointment and filth leaving his body, flowing down his arm and away into the sink. He can't do that now. It was his last razor, he kept it hidden so carefully. How did Karamatsu know? How did Karamatsu find it? Why was he going through Ichimatsu's things in the first place?Looking for his sunglasses, he said, but Ichimatsu didn't buy that. Had to be Jyushimatsu. But Jyushimatsu didn't know where Ichi's razor was either, so how? How? How did Karamatsu always seem to know everything about him, about all their brothers? He wasn't that observant, was he?Oh, but he was. He was always watching, like a dirty vulture.Like a guardian angel .Stupid.If Karamatsu got involved with Ichimatsu again, he'd lose everything: his club status, his friends, possibly his spot in school. They'd all managed to get into high school somehow, scraped their way through those admission tests. It'd be the worst if Karamatsu didn't get to graduate because of Ichimatsu's “bad habit.” No. No. Ichimatsu couldn't do that to his brother, wouldn't do that to him. Not again.Karamatsu couldn't know. He couldn't know.Rain coming down, hard. Well, not so hard. A drizzle with a punch. A storm or something on its way, right? Oh well. It's no less than trash like Ichimatsu deserves, getting caught in a downpour like some disgusting rat.He kicks his way to his favorite alleyway, the narrow strip of space between a fish shop and a ramen house, a haven where cats congregate and where they know him. He pulls a handful of cat treats from his pockets (he always has them on him, is frequently told by classmates he smells like rotting fish—) and smiles as five or six cats disentangle themselves from their fur pile to brush against his legs (—but he stopped caring about that long ago). He feeds them, one by one. One by one they meow, content. Soon, they are a chorus.“Alright,” Ichimatsu hums when his pockets are empty and still a handful of new kittens beg for more. “I'll buy a new bag. Be right back.”Cats are good, he thinks as he steps out of the alleyway, onto the ghostly thoroughfare. Only the rain striking the sidewalk and the road keeps him company. Cats don't betray you, he thinks as he enters the convenience store, picks up a baggy of premium treats, pays at the register, walks out. When they grab him, tear the baggy of treats out of his hand and slam him against the wall, he is still thinking about cats. Cats, unlike people, are ever friendly and ever pure. They drag him by his hair down the empty road, down the side of a bank where the river is swelling and a shallow wall surrounds a deep well.“Happy bathing, cat fucker,” they sneer, and then their hands are pushing him from the front, pulling him from the back, shoving his face, yanking his hair, and he claws at whatever he can reach.They are more than him. They are stronger than him. He tumbles down the well, cracking his shoulders, scraping his hands and knees on the way down. He lands with a splash in the shallow pool already gathered from the rain. He hears their laughter grow fainter and fainter, even as his screams get louder.Oh god, he's going to drown. He's going to die down here, in this cold, dark hole, wet and alone, oh god, oh god, no. No one will find his body, or they will, and he isn't sure which is worse. He sees his mother's face when they show her what's left of her son, an expressionless, waterlogged corpse, rotting, disgusting. He sees his father turning away, shielding his mother with his arms. He sees his brothers, Todomatsu and Choromatsu gagging, Karamatsu and Osomatsu picking a fight with the police, Jyushimatsu weeping, weeping. Oh god.His breath comes short and hard. His chest aches. It's hard to scream anymore. The rain pours harder now, a merciless flood. He's in it up to his waist, his feet sink into the mud, he's going to fucking die and god damn if this isn't the way he deserves to go. Garbage like him, a worthless waste of space like him...He claws and claws and claws at his own arms, raking the skin away until he's raw and red from his shoulders to his elbows. His chokes on his sobs, hiccups, laughs until he gags.How does no one hear him? God is cruel. A fucking tyrant.Ichimatsu slams his fists into the walls. His throat burns, ravaged from screaming, laughing, catching the biting cold rain like swallowing needles of ice. He's given up, but his body won't go down without a fight. He'll fight until the water washes over his head and he heaves out his very last breath.Water up to his shoulders now. It's been a lifetime, or it feels that way. A lifetime and another lifetime, and he clings to the wall like he can hoist himself up and out. His legs are heavy. Everything is heavy. His shoes fill with water; his clothes pull at him like hands out of hell eager to drag him down.And then, out of the storm, hands reaching down, grabbing onto him. A grip so strong on his shredded arms he wrangles out one last pained scream. A face like his own, staring into his eyes. His face, his eyes, stones of ice cold rage and volcanic love all at once.Karamatsu. It's Karamatsu.Ichimatsu can't hold back his tears. He throws himself at his brother, tries his best to fold into a small paper crane that can be cradled in Karamatsu's arms and protected forever. There is nothing, he thinks, nothing in the world as warm and as safe and as perfect as Karamatsu.Karamatsu holds him while he cries, even in the downpour, even as the mud puddles around their legs and seeps into the fabric of their jeans and into their shoes. He holds Ichimatsu as the river rises and creeps towards them, and when it gets too close, he helps Ichimatsu up the bank and onto the flooding streets. Together they trudge their way through the wind and rain, back to father, back to Osomatsu. Together, the four of them fight their way home.Other than mother crushing him in her small arms, no one says a thing. No one knows what to say. Ichimatsu was stupid. He was stupid, walked headlong into a typhoon, and almost got not only himself killed, but Osomatsu, Karamatsu, father. When he thinks about how close to the flooding river he and Karamatsu were, the hair on the back of his neck rises.He is cold. He is tired. He just wants to sleep and forget tonight ever happened. Jyushi takes him upstairs, sits with him and holds him, and Karamatsu won't come in the room even though all Ichi wants is his older brother by his side. But, he'll never admit that. He'll never admit what happened, and he knows Karamatsu won't either. How could he? Their parents would have a heart attack. Their brothers would start a war. Ichimatsu won't ever say who did it to him, who threw him down that well. Karamatsu can't ever find out.But somehow, he did find out. He found out, and Jyushimatsu got hurt in the crossfire.It was exactly what Ichimatsu didn't want. And it was all his fault.  "They're saying Karamatsu hurt you, that night you were gone."Ichimatsu looked up with a sneer. He gripped the stone in his pocket and squeezed it tight. It was smooth and cold to the touch, and it took his mind off the sudden stab of disdain piercing him to the core. "The hell are you saying?"Todomatsu peeked briefly over his phone before going back to scrolling through...whatever."You know. That night the typhoon hit. Karamatsu nii-san found you, right? Osomatsu and Choromatsu say he hurt you somehow. Threatened you or something and you just never said anything about it.""What do you think?"Perhaps Ichimatsu sounded twice as bitter as he felt, because Todomatsu finally put down his phone and looked Ichimatsu dead in the eye."I don't know what to think, Ichimatsu nii-san. I mean, you were both acting so weird..."Ichi couldn't help it. He snorted. Todomatsu's brows furrowed."You go on and on blaming Osomatsu and Choromatsu for all this shit, but when did you ever lift a finger to help Shittymatsu?""That's not fair, nii-san. I tried my best to stop him the other night. It's not my fault he's so strong.""Not your fault. I can't imagine what it must be like, passing off responsibility for everything. You can't even see when you've screwed up.""What are you—""I'm saying who gives a shit you couldn't stop Shittymatsu from doing something stupid. None of that means a damn if you don't believe in him.""I do believe in—""Bullshit, Totty. Lie to me, but don't lie to yourself."Todomatsu's lower lip trembled. He muttered something under his breath, but Ichimatsu didn't catch it."You're wondering, aren't you?" Ichimatsu asked. "Whether Karamatsu hurt me or not. You're just too damn cowardly to come out and ask, so you blame it on the others."Now Todomatsu fell totally silent. His breathing grew ragged, as though he was on the verge of crying, but Ichimatsu didn't stop pushing. "You never stood up for him after what happened to Jyushimatsu. Even after Shittymatsu got hurt, you blamed our brothers rather than taking any responsibility for yourself.""At least I'm not like you," Todomatsu spat. "You know the truth, and you won't say anything!"Ichimatsu's whole body shrank into itself. He felt tired, suddenly, and so, so sad. Todomatsu smirked, triumphant, and that only exhausted Ichimatsu even more. He squeezed the stone in his pocket tighter, tighter. It used to be jagged, the sharp edges digging pleasantly into his palm, but over the years he'd rubbed it so smooth he could skip it beautifully across a pond if he ever wanted to. He never did want to."Totty," he said eventually. "I shouldn't have to say anything."The smirk vanished. Todomatsu stood, stiff, eyes watering."I'm going to bed," he muttered.Never mind that it was the middle of the afternoon.Todomatsu marched upstairs, forgetting his phone on the table. Weird. Ichimatsu thought that thing was a part of him. He briefly considered running the phone up to the room, but he didn't see the point. It'd be weird to do something nice for Todomatsu now.So he fell asleep there, lying on the floor, stone in hand, staring at the ceiling until the dancing shadows melded into his dreams.  “Ichimatsu...Ichi...I just want to talk.”Ichimatsu draws his knees tighter against his chest. His hands fly up to his ears. He doesn't want to listen. He can't listen. If Karamatsu blames him like he deserves...no. Nononononononononononono. He can't deal with it. He can't deal with that, with Karamatsu's disappointment, with Karamatsu's hurt. Jyushimatsu is in the hospital. Jyushimatsu's face is all smashed up. It was Karamatsu's elbow, but it was Ichimatsu's fault. If he could just stand up to his own bullies, if he could fight his own battles, it wouldn't have happened. Karamatsu knows that. He knows, and Ichimatsu knows he knows. He doesn't want to listen.“Ichimatsu, please—”“What the hell are you doing to him?”Ichimatsu's head whips up just as Karamatsu's head whips around. There's Osomatsu, standing in the doorway with that disgusted look he's been wearing since the day Jyushi got hurt.Oh no. Ichimatsu knows how this looks, but it's not...Karamatsu didn't...this isn't...He can't get the words out of his mouth. He tries, but all that comes out is a squeak. His lips tremble. Before Karamatsu can get a sentence out, Osomatsu is on him, and both of them are on the floor. Osomatsu has Karamatsu pinned, and finally, finally, Ichimatsu yells. It's too late. Osomatsu doesn't hear him. Karamatsu doesn't either. They're fighting, and nothing Ichimatsu says reaches them.They walk away with a split lip each, bruised cheeks, knuckles cut on teeth, and month long groundings. None of the six of them have been grounded since elementary school, so this is a field day for Todomatsu, who mocks them on all of his social media accounts:
Grounded, in high school! Pathetic.
Ichimatsu wants to apologize, but he doesn't know how. That's twice he's fucked up now. Karamatsu is suspended. Choromatsu and Osomatsu hate him. Todomatsu is...ambivalent. Either way, no one is on Karamatsu's side. No one but Ichimatsu. And Ichimatsu has done fuck-all to support him.On the contrary, it's Karamatsu who comes home one day with a pretty rock he found and presses it into Ichimatsu's shaking hand. It's dark gray mixed with light gray, sprinkled with sparkling flecks of black and swirls of white. “For when you feel like hurting yourself,” he says plainly, smiling like he's sorry (for what? For what? He's done nothing wrong, nothing). “It's rough, see? Give it a squeeze, just a little.”Ichimatsu does. The jagged edges dig into his skin. It feels nice. Takes the edge off his anxiety. Plus, it's nice to look at. Karamatsu doesn't say another word, simply nods once and walks away with his head bowed and his hands in his pockets. Ichimatsu wants to reach out, feels he should stop Karamatsu from going...wherever he's going. Leaving the house. Karamatsu shouldn't leave the house, Ichimatsu is so sure, but he doesn't have words. He has a sick feeling that if Karamatsu leaves....Ah, but it's too late. He's already gone.Hours pass, the sky goes dark. No one asks after Karamatsu, because no one cares. Good riddance, he sees on Choromatsu's face. Whatever, he sees on Osomatsu's. Todomatsu is nervous, but he doesn't say anything, either; Ichimatsu knows he's nervous, because his eyes pass over his phone screen without actually taking anything in. He's not looking at anything.Eventually, Osomatsu goes up to bed, then Choromatsu, then Todomatsu. Mother and father are at the hospital with Jyushimatsu. There is only Ichimatsu left, and he can't sleep. He can't sleep, so he sits in view of the front door rolling the pretty stone in his hand over and over and over. It glitters in the light. He runs his thumb over the sharp edges, rubs it against each of his fingers to feel the grooves. He squeezes it against his palm with gentle pulses. The soft burn of it pressing shallow wells into his skin soothes him.Finally, the front door slides open. Ichimatsu stands up. Karamatsu is there, removing his shoes slowly, slowly, but...something is wrong. Ichimatsu's throat tightens. Karamatsu wobbles as he tries to step up from the entryway. He falls, his body making a heavy thunk against the wood that sets Ichimatsu's heart crashing against his lungs. He runs to his brother's side and lifts him with shaking arms. There's blood. There's so much blood, too much, all over his face, pouring from his head, staining his jacket. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.“Shittymatsu,” he chokes, “what the hell happened?”Karamatsu blinks at him, eyes drifting in and out of focus. One pupil is dilated, the other not. Concussed. He has a concussion, a bad one. Oh god.“...Ichi...matsu...?”“What did you do?”“Heh. It's nothing, my brother. I'm fine.”“Like hell you are. Don't laugh! What the fuck, what the fuck—”“Shh. It's alright. I'm just...a little sleepy. I need to rest...”“Holy shit, no, don't sleep. You gotta stay awake. You hear me, Shittymatsu?”Karamatsu goes heavy in his arms, nuzzles against his chest.“You're...so warm, Ichi...”“Hey! I said don't sleep! Stay with me!”“Hmn...”“I'm gonna call you an ambulance, so just...hey, Shittymatsu? Shittymatsu, can you hear me? Please, look at me. Karamatsu! Fuck, no. Nonono, don't do this, don't you dare. Fuck. Somebody, help!”Somebody help.  Somebody, please, help .Karamatsu doesn't move. He barely breathes. Hand trembling, Ichimatsu presses two of his fingers to Karamatsu's throat, feeling for a pulse. It's there, hard and slow, as if every beat of his heart is a battle to be won. Ichimatsu whimpers and holds Karamatsu tighter against him, as if that will keep his soul from slipping out. He screams for help again, louder, and that brings all three of his brothers crashing downstairs.When they see him covered in blood, Karamatsu's blood, when they see Karamatsu, hell breaks loose. Osomatsu curses under his breath, rushing forward to take Karamatsu from Ichimatsu's shaking arms. Choromatsu dives for the phone. Todomatsu yelps, throwing his hands over his mouth as tears spring to his eyes.The ambulance couldn't take longer if it tried. At least, that's how it seems to Ichimatsu as he stares at Karamatsu in his eldest brother's arms, his skin against his blue hoodie fading paler by the second. Osomatsu has his hand constantly against Karamatsu's neck, monitoring his pulse, muttering incoherent nothings to him that Ichimatsu can't quite catch. If there's an apology somewhere in there, Ichimatsu will never know. He hopes so.When the ambulance finally does arrive, they think they've already lost him. The paramedics come, they take him away. Two brothers in the hospital, now. Two brothers, and only one of them might come home.  He stood with his back against the doorway, listening. Osomatsu's voice, which started out low and jovial, steadily rose in volume and pitch.“What do you mean he's not there?”Ichimatsu clenched his fists.“He said what? No. No! Obviously not.”A pause. Ichimatsu felt more than heard Osomatsu tap, tap, tapping his foot. Finally, a heavy sigh.“Alright. Thanks, I guess.”A sharp clack, presumably Osomatsu slamming the phone into the receiver. Ichimatsu shuffled away from the door and situated himself near the kotatsu, where he nonchalantly began playing with a visiting cat.The livingroom door slid open with a bang.Thuds from upstairs and down the hall as Todomatsu, Choromatsu and Jyushimatsu stormed in with expectant looks on their faces.“Is Karamatsu nii-san home?” Todomatsu.“Nii-san!” Jyushimatsu.“Where is he?” Choromatsu.They looked around, wide-eyed, hopeful, almost. Realizing Karamatsu wasn't there, the light fell out of their eyes. They turned to leave, but Osomatsu called them to attention.“About Karamatsu,” he said, and the brothers paused in the doorway. “I have news.”Choromatsu, Jyushimatsu, and Todomatsu filed into the livingroom, arranged themselves around the kotatsu. Ichimatsu didn't move from where he lie teasing the cat by holding a toy just out of its reach. He pretended not to be listening, but he knew that his brothers knew he was. Intently.Osomatsu didn't sit down. His foot-tapping never stopped. He crossed his arms and chewed at his lip. Ichimatsu wanted to throw something at him to get him to stop, would have done in any other situation. But the tension in the room was unbearable. He'd be scratching at his own arms if not for the stone in his pocket keeping him grounded. He rolled the stone over and over in his palm, relishing the cool, smooth surface.At last, Osomatsu sighed.“Karamatsu isn't at Chibita's.”Astonishment, all around the table.“When—”“How—”“Where—”Osomatsu put up his hands to stem the questions. Only Ichimatsu remained silent. Only Ichimatsu didn't stare. Still, he grit his teeth. His fingers twitched across the stone.“I don't know where he is,” said Osomatsu, answering Choromatsu. Then, looking to Jyushimatsu, “Apparently, the morning after our talk, he told Chibita he was going home, and he left. That was—”“Four days ago!” Choromatsu whimpered, answering Todomatsu's question.Todomatsu shuddered. “You mean he's been missing for four days?”“Missing is a little...”“Don't you dare sugarcoat it, Osomatsu,” Todomatsu seethed. “He's missing. For all we know, he could be dead by now, or worse!”Jyushimatsu pursed his lips into a thin line, laid his head on his folded arms atop the table. Quietly, Ichimatsu shuffled over to him and rested a hand on his back.“Don't be so dramatic,” said Osomatsu. “Why the hell would Karamatsu be—”“You should have called to check on him sooner!”“Regardless,” Choromatsu intercepted, “we have to find him as soon as possible, before mom and dad realize he's gone.” His comment went completely ignored.“You're always like this, Osomatsu nii-san,” Todomatsu accused, “so irresponsible—”“I was trying to look after you!”“And who was looking after Karamatsu nii-san?”Ichimatsu hummed low in his throat. “Todomatsu.”“Chibita, supposedly!”Todomatsu scoffed. “Great, way to rely on the guy that kidnapped him.”“That was one time.”“Todomatsu,” Ichi tried again.“If anything's happened to Karamatsu nii-san, I'll kill you!”“I'd like to see you try, you little—”“Todomatsu!”Both the eldest and the youngest fell silent and whipped their heads round to stare at Ichimatsu. Even Choromatsu looked at him, shocked. Jyushimatsu peeked out from beneath his sleeves.Ichimatsu hated having to raise his voice. It was a waste of energy. He was pissed that Osomatsu and Todomatsu made him do it.Locking eyes with Todomatsu, he growled, “Just shut up already. All your bitching isn't gonna bring Karamatsu back, so quit it.”“No,” Todomatsu answered lowly, “I won't. What's your problem, nii-san? You've been picking on me ever since I asked about the storm. Do you hate me or something?”Ichimatsu shrank into himself. Subconsciously, he huddled against Jyushimatsu.“I don't hate you,” he murmured, and left it at that.Todomatsu furiously wiped away tears, but what could Ichimatsu say to make it better? He was being unfair. He knew that. But he wasn't about to admit it was because he was jealous of Todomatsu. Jealous that he could never help Karamatsu the way Todomatsu could, never understand him the way Todomatsu understood him. Jealous that Todomatsu had the nerve to put up a fight while all Ichimatsu did was sit back and brood. He closed his hand over the stone and squeezed until his knuckles felt like they'd snap.“We need to find Karamatsu,” Choromatsu repeated, quietly, though his voice resonated in the sudden silence.Osomatsu headed for the front door. No more words needed. The remaining four brothers followed after him.  From his wheelchair, Karamatsu stares at the magnolias in bloom. The smell is sharp, sweet. The hospital courtyard is nice, as far as hospital courtyards go, lush greenery surrounding a small, cherub-topped fountain in the middle of swirling brick paths. Birds bathe in it, the fountain. Karamatsu stares at that, too. Apart from the magnolias, there are massive bushes of hydrangeas ringing the courtyard proper, and a cherry blossom tree to one corner. The cherry blossoms are not in bloom, but still Ichimatsu is surprised, considering Japanese hospitals' penchant for rejecting flowers of all sorts within their walls (too morbid, even Ichimatsu could admit that much). He supposes it's nice for the patients to see nature somewhere.After twenty minutes, the silence near drives him mad. Karamatsu can't be that interested in flowers. Ichimatsu kneels down in front of his brother, who doesn't even acknowledge him. His eyes are half-lidded, blank. Chills run down Ichi's spine. Is this really his over-zealous older brother?“Karamatsu,” he begins, gentle urgency in his voice. “You need to tell us what happened. The police are still waiting for your statement.”Ichimatsu was the last to try this. He'd refused for as long as he could, until it was clear that neither of his other brothers, nor even their parents, could get a straight answer out of the second-eldest. Karamatsu is hiding something, that much is obvious. But what he is hiding, and for what reason, nobody can fathom.“Please, Karamatsu. Say something. Anything.”Karamatsu shifts in his wheelchair, shudders as if waking suddenly from a deep sleep. He smiles down at Ichimatsu, and in that smile, Ichimatsu knows he has lost. There's an actor on that stage, lies prepared in the shadows of that grin. Ichi chokes down a sob. He won't let Karamatsu see him cry.“Sorry, brother,” says Karamatsu. “What was your question?”“You're statement,” Ichi repeats, hope already lost. “For the police.”“Right. I thought I'd already given it. I don't remember.”Bullshit.Ichi thinks the word is confined to the recesses of his mind. He only realizes he's spoken aloud when he notices the bemused look on Karamatsu's face.“You think so?” Karamatsu asks. “I have no reason to lie, my brother. If I could remember what happened to me, don't you think I'd let everyone know?”Normally, yes, Ichimatsu thinks, but these are not normal circumstances. He doesn't want to let Karamatsu walk away with the “I hit my head and lost my memories” excuse. Unfortunately, it seems he has no choice. Karamatsu is an actor, a damn good one. He'll hold an act until the day he dies if he thinks it's necessary. The realization sends pangs of dread ripping through Ichimatsu's stomach. Oh, god, he's going to throw up.“Ichi, are you alright? You look pale.”The hand on his cheek is cool and rough. Ichimatsu nuzzles into it. When he realizes what he's done, he recoils. No. Karamatsu can't see him weak like this. He needs to see someone who can take care of himself, someone who doesn't need big brother to protect him.“Don't fucking touch me, Shittymatsu,” he snarls. “You'll infect me with your uselessness.”A cringe, as if he's been slapped. Hand drawn back, as if burned. A pained smile.Ichimatsu's heart twists in his chest. His lungs are wrenched from his ribs when he sees the hurt gleaming in his brother's eyes.“Ah,” Karamatsu mutters, forcing a smile. “I see.”He folds his hands in his lap, and the hospital gown makes him look so meek, the IV makes him look so fragile, all Ichimatsu wants to do is hold Karamatsu soft and safe, cocoon him so that nothing will ever break him so badly again.His breathing comes ragged. He clenches his fists at his sides to stop himself from wrapping his arms around Karamatsu and clinging to him in a flood of tears.“So that's it then,” Ichi chokes out. “You don't remember.”Karamatsu nods. “I don't remember.” He winces, brings his hands up to the sides of his head.Ichi's heart beats faster. Fear and worry escape him in a cold sweat.“Does it hurt?” he asks as Karamatsu pinches his eyes shut.“Ah...yeah. A bit.”“I'll take you back inside.”“Thank you, Ichimatsu.”He doesn't know how to respond, so he says nothing. Simply wheels Karamatsu back into the hospital, back to his room. A nurse gives him a dose of morphine, and within minutes, Karamatsu is fast asleep. Ichimatsu wishes he could fall asleep as fast. He is so tired, so afraid. Karamatsu barely made it. If whoever hurt him was still wandering around out there...But Ichimatsu doesn't have the strength to think about that just now.  Minutes turned to hours, hours into night into another day. No sign of Karamatsu. Not anywhere. Mom and dad had to be informed. When they told them, explained what happened and explained that Karamatsu's gone missing, mother wailed. Father sternly directed his eldest son to go to the police. They needed to file a missing persons report. “Why,” father asked, “didn't you do it sooner?”On the second night, Jyushimatsu sat on the couch and cried. Ichimatsu held him with one arm, and with his free hand, clutched the smooth stone Karamatsu gave him all those years ago. Not sharp anymore, soft at the edges. Ichimatsu wanted to share it with Karamatsu. He wanted to thank him for his patience, for never giving up, for never letting go. He hoped he got the chance.  



Lullabies
Chapter Notes
This chapter is a bit shorter than the others, but I feel bad for not updating in so long. Not the best, sorry!Soundtrack: Sandcastles by Beyonce



The melody caught in his throat. A beat, one, two, hold, one, two, quick high, quicker drop. A shiver wracked through him. He couldn't carry a tune like this.The material of his jacket was not enough to stop the chill from creeping in, and if he was smart (or brave, he thinks with a smirk) he'd head home, curl up under the kotatsu, and drink hot tea with his NEET brothers. Even barring that possibility, he could always head back to Chibita's...No, that wasn't an option, just like going home wasn't an option. The slow creep of winter would just have to deal with him.Firm in his resolve (shaking, shaking), Karamatsu drew his hoodie up and pulled the strings. His nose and mouth, shielded from the cold...that'd be enough, right? His natural body heat would do the rest...right?Well. It wouldn't be so terrible if that wasn't the case.Monster. They called him Monster. If that's what they said he was, then it was probably true. No need to impose his...his sickness...on them, on his brothers, or on anyone else he cared about. He'd swallow his wrong, choke on it if he had to, take it with him all the way to hell.Right. Hell. More and more, it seemed like a good plan. The best plan. He didn't want to die. He just didn't want to be around anymore. They were different feelings, he was sure. Hell...He tucked his hands into his armpits. His fingers, numb. His nose, despite being covered, numb. A heavy wind bit right through the material of his shoes and nipped his toes, making those numb, too. Holding his fingers so close and tight against his body burned them. Curling his toes made them pulse and ache.On the first night he left Chibita's, he hung out at a convenience store until he was kicked out. He didn't blame the attendant; he must've looked so shady, a man in a blue hoodie lumbering around the store with the obvious intention of buying absolutely nothing. After the store attendant asked him, politely, to leave, he spent some time at a bookstore until it closed. He hopped from store to store, even drifted through a few bars, just to steal some warmth. He bought a nutrition bar at one place, a handful of beers at another. Each time, he drifted further and further from home, from the city center.He drifted the fringes now, where the river took up more of the natural landscape and the houses were quaint, quiet, and farther between. He'd been walking for eight days, hadn't bathed for eight days, but it was so cold he'd hardly broken a sweat in all that time. His turtleneck itched against his throat, but even that didn't stop his shivering.No snow yet, but he tasted it in the air—brisk fingertips feeling around in his throat, heavy iron in his lungs. Those black-bottomed clouds looked anything but friendly. Karamatsu considered serenading them, as if that might appease their churning wrath, and he smiled at the thought. It was something that one of his brothers would punch him for, he was sure. That drew a quiet chuckle from his lips. God, he missed them.He missed Osomatsu, the lazy smirk and lazier, ambitionless brown eyes that settled on everything with rare acceptance for the slow drag of time and all things caught in its current; he missed Choromatsu, that little frown permanently tugging down his thin mouth and the crumple between his always knitted brows; he missed Ichimatsu, his dear, quiet, soft recluse of a little brother, whose heart beat gold beneath its frightened shell; he missed Jyushimatsu and Todomatsu, Jyushi's boundless enthusiasm and sunbright smile, the sly dip and trill of Totty's I-always-get-what-I-want voice. Karamatsu wasn't used to being apart from them, not for this long, and not under such bitter circumstances. He wondered if they knew he was gone yet.“For the best,” he murmured, licking his cold-chapped lips. “For the best.”A biting draft made him grit his teeth.For now, it would do to find some sort of makeshift shelter. This far out, only homes and private land. No more convenience stores or bars to huddle up in. A few oden and ramen carts here and there, yes, but they were boarded up tightly against the oncoming snow. The last weather report he saw in a bar mentioned a snowstorm. Figures he'd get caught up in a storm again. He must have insulted lady luck at some point in his twenty-four years of life, likely with all his flirting around.“I promise, you're the only one for me,” he tried, casting his hands up dramatically towards the heavens.Cold wind nipped his fingers like fire. He sneezed. So much for wooing luck.“And so the best that I can do is pray,” he hummed, returning his hands to his armpits. “Luck be a lady tonight.”The first flakes fell soft and small, curling down on uneven gusts. One flake fell just below his eye, a stinging kiss from she who apparently decided to reject him. In moments the sky opened its maw, and snow drove down on him from every possible direction.Snow whipped into him from above, from the front and from behind, from left and right. Snow hit the ground only to be blown back up into his face by the screaming wind. Snow spun around him in tiny cyclones, soaking his clothes and chilling him to the bone.In a word, it really sucked.He stumbled upon a bus stop, an ancient, dilapidated thing out of some Pacific War history book. The whole thing leaned precariously to the left, as if straining to hear some whispered secret. Karamatsu sized it up once, nodded, and huddled up on the corner of the bench. Old as it was, the overhang did provide some shelter from the wind and ice.He only noticed his teeth chattering when he tried to hum again and his voice left him in stuttering gasps. The cold hurt; but there was nowhere he could go to escape it. At the very least it eased the heat always in his belly, that tightly coiled ball of iron he feared would explode at any and every moment. Painful as it was (hah), he imagined this was what it was like to feel almost normal, to feel almost human. No monster inside waiting to claw its way out and take over. No voice screaming at him to rip the world apart with his bare hands. Only winter creeping beneath his clothes, dancing across his skin.God, he was so tired.Wind, roaring. Body, trembling.
numbness: spreading from the outside in—
His brothers grinning faces flashed across the black behind his eyes.
heat: sudden as a flare, a fire in his lungs like drowning—
They disappeared in spots of light.nothing.    Blood dry on his knuckles. His blood. No one else's. He's proud of that.Still, his vision's black around the edges. He stares down a narrow tunnel, and at the end is the wall he's been punching for the past thirty-five minutes. His hand aches like nothing he's felt before, but he grits his teeth against the pain. He needs it to center himself, to counter the hot thrumming of his heart and the tight knot in his stomach.Ichi's cats tore up his journals again. He had songs in those journals he worked on for weeks, and in the span of a moments, they were shredded up like so much garbage. Seeing that, seeing hours of his work reduced to confetti scattered on the floor and hanging from cats' teeth...well, something inside snapped. Something he hadn't thought about in years. He felt it come on like a slow building fever, welling up from a tangle in his gut and creeping slowly outwards until his hands shook, his legs shook, his head spun. When the tunnel first appeared, Ichimatsu was at the end of it. Danger, thought Karamatsu. Danger, his body warned. And with a helpless chuckle, he'd bolted from the house.With a roar, he slams his right fist into the wall again. He follows it with his left fist, then right, then left again. Left. Right. Left. Right. Crack.Moaning, he pulls his left hand against his chest. His whole arm shakes. Sharp pangs shoot up from his knuckles to his elbow to his shoulder. His fingers stick out at odd angles. He blinks back tears, panting, and grins.Finally, the tunnel is pulling back. The world swirls into focus at the peripheries. Finally, he can breathe again. The cost is that he throws up in the alley like some drunk. The pain is overwhelming, more than he thinks a hand can or should hurt, but he feels like himself again, and that's good enough. It has to be good enough. He would never hurt his brothers. Never, never, never. He'd die first.Songs can be rewritten, after all. He only has one shot with his twins, and losing them is not an option.He wraps his hand up with a bandage from the nearest convenience store and dubs it sufficient. He ignores the throbbing pangs that lodge a ball of nausea in his throat and makes his way to the park, where he practices winking at cute girls (all of them, in other words, as every girl is a precious gem to be treasured and adored). He's less than savory, he's fully aware of that, what with his pain-paled skin and the beads of cold sweat dotting his forehead. The girls whisper in disgust behind their little hands, which he's very used to, and it bothers him more than usual, which he's not. It's not long before a cop on a bike asks him politely to move along.Nothing for it but to head home. Karamatsu hopes that by now, Ichimatsu will have forgotten about him and his journals as is usual.Sure enough, almost as soon as Karamatsu steps through the door, Ichimatsu shoulders past him with a rough shove. The way it jars his broken hand almost makes him throw up again. The shadow of Ichi's grin almost makes Karamatsu tunnel out, but he breathes through his hurt and counts down from ten.Nine. Seven. Five. Three. One.By now, Ichimatsu is out of sight. Karamatsu winces. He knows exactly when his little brother started being so cruel. He just wishes he knew why. All he's ever done is love Ichimatsu, give his very best for Ichimatsu. He would die for Ichimatsu, and in return, all he gets is disdain.With nothing left to do, he hums. He hums the melody so carefully crafted in his torn up notebook. He hums as he climbs up the stairs. He hums as he settles cross-legged on the roof. He hums until the rapid throbbing of his heart settles into a soft, steady rhythm.The song is Ichimatsu's lullaby. Karamatsu wrote five lullabies, one for each brother, but this is the one he remembers most. Probably because Ichimatsu has suffered horrible nightmares since he was small. Probably because it was always Karamatsu who sang him back to sleep; that is, up until they entered middle school and Ichimatsu became too big for that sort of thing.Karamatsu still remembers Ichimatsu small and soft, round like a dumpling with rosy cheeks to match. He remembers patting his little brother on the back and humming low, gentle notes until the nightmares faded. Despite the ache that squeezed his chest each time he woke to Ichimatsu's tears, those were some of his most treasured memories. Ichimatsu relied on him then. Ichimatsu loved him then.“Karamatsu nii-san, are you up there?”With a shiver, Karamatsu eases back into the present.“I know it's you, nii-san. No one else sings those painful songs.”Painful? The lullaby doesn't even have any lyrics. None that he sang, anyway. How could it be painful? Karamatsu's breath quickens. He forgets that anyone is calling for him.“You better not be hiding from me, Karamatsu nii-san. You promised to go shopping with me tonight.”Shopping. Tonight. With...someone? Karamatsu's head swims. Painful. Ichimatsu hates him because he is painful.“I'm coming up.”Now Karamatsu goes into a full-on panic. He can't bite it back. His heart won't settle. His breath hitches. He gasps. It hitches again. A couple steps and a bang as someone curses by the window. Oh no. Oh no, oh no, oh no, oh—“Good evening, my darling Todomatsu!”Karamatsu stands up with an extravagant twirl, folding one arm across his chest and resting his free hand on his chin with his index finger and thumb extended. The pounding in his head quiets into a heavy but manageable fog.“Of course, I would never forget my promise to you. A man's word is a sacred thing, an oath never to be broken, even on pain of death.”Todomatsu sticks out his tongue.“Ugh. Pain of death is what I'm going to suffer if you don't stop talking, like, right now. Trust me, nii-san, you don't have to say one word while we're shopping. Just...stand there and look pretty. That's what you like to do, right?”“As you say, little brother. If that's the case, let me change into something more appropria—”“No! No, you look fine. Let's go just like this."“But—”“Trust me, you look better in jeans and a hoodie than whatever other outfit you're thinking of. Now let's go before everything closes, yeah? I really need a new scarf before it gets any colder.”Todomatsu turns and slips back through the open window. Karamatsu smiles behind him, a shadow of a thing. Thankfully, Todomatsu doesn't notice his bandaged hand. Or if he does notice it, he is gracious enough not to say anything about it. Karamatsu doesn't feel like explaining, doesn't know if he could even if he wanted to. He doesn't want to.The evening passes peacefully, with Todomatsu stopping at a boutique every so often to wrap a new scarf around his neck or to fit a new beanie over his soft brown hair. Each time he switches out one beanie for another, the scent of strawberry shampoo wafts from his head. Karamatsu takes it in, appreciative of his brother's sense of hygiene, and oohs and ahhs at the appropriate moments when Todomatsu models some new article of clothing for him. Otherwise, as per Todomatsu's wishes, he remains silent.Despite his protests, Todomatsu even picks out a bundle of new shirts and pants for Karamatsu, plain yet trendy things that tend to feature in teen vogue magazines. They're not really his style, though he appreciates they're nice. Still, he doesn't know how to tell Todomatsu that he feels uncomfortable dressing to impress.He gets...looks...when he dresses the way Todomatsu wants him to, looks like Todomatsu gets—side-eyed glances, flirtatious grins, batted eyelashes. While Todomatsu seems to have no problem ignoring such attention, Karamatsu hates it. He hates the expectation, the need, the searching, as if he has something to give away to strangers when he has nothing even for himself. He feels like if anyone looks closely enough, they'll see the monster inside, the ugly, coiled beast, all fangs and claws and acid blood. It's a conundrum, because he needs people to look at him to reaffirm that he's real, that he's there—but he doesn't want anyone to see him.And so he dresses in glitter and blue and gold, extravagant enough to draw eyes, ridiculous enough not to keep them. The absurdity calms him. The absurdity buries the monster beneath.“...san. Karamatsu nii-san.”Karamatsu blinks out of his reverie. Todomatsu sighs.“I take it you didn't hear a word I just said.”“Sorry, Todomatsu...I...” I was recounting the story of a boy and a beast. “I fell in love with a passing butterfly.”“It's winter, nii-san. There are no butterflies.”“Ah, really? Then, I fell in love with a memory.”A hand clutches soulfully at his chest to complete the effect. He gazes into the heavens and adds a trembling lower lip for good measure. Todomatsu snorts, whether in amusement or in derision, it's hard to tell.“I was saying that if you're tired of walking around, we could go fishing for awhile. It's not dark yet, so the fishing pond should be open for a few more hours. It'll be our last chance before they close for the winter.”Fishing. He hasn't been fishing with Totty in awhile. Could be therapeutic. He likes fishing with Totty the best, because even if Totty doesn't agree with his, Karamatsu's, fashion choices all of the time, he still puts up with him, still seems to enjoy himself. Anyway, since Karamatsu is dressed plainly today, there should be no trouble on that front. Fishing. Sounds like a plan.“I like the way you think, brother,” says Karamatsu, bringing a hand to his chin and nearly dumping the shopping bags in his arms in the process.Todomatsu issues a soft whine as he scrambles to catch the bags in case they tip and spill the precious contents. Nothing falls, but Todomatsu still glares at Karamatsu and sticks out those pouty lips of his.“You're too careless, Karamatsu nii-san,” he grumbles.Karamatsu expects a scolding, but none is forthcoming. They walk in relative silence to the fishing pond, except for the occasional quips from Totty about what this or that friend said on this or that day. Karamatsu nods dutifully, humming in appropriate agreement, disbelief or amusement as the story calls for. It's nice listening to Totty. There's something about the way he speaks, an innate belief that life owes him more than what it has so far given, that seeps into his voice like a treasured melody. Treasured, at least, to Karamatsu. He tried to incorporate that melody into the lullaby he wrote for Todomatsu (one of the many that were torn up, he tries not to remember), but he never can quite capture what it is that makes his youngest brother so special.He contemplates this while they settle with their fishing rods and cast out their lines. He contemplates this as Totty's words become a gentle hum in the back of his mind. He contemplates this even as, an hour-and-a-half in, he catches his first and only fish, but is too distracted to reel it in and lets it get away.“Farewell, my sweet love,” he cries dramatically, slamming his fishing rod into the water.It is at this point that Todomatsu decides to call it quits. Todomatsu apologizes to the manager about Karamatsu's behavior while Karamatsu gazes longingly at the pond where his love escaped him.Together they head home, and then...and then...?A blur. A man striking Todomatsu across the face. An explosion of red behind Karamatsu's eyes as his fist flies forward, over, and over, and over. Todomatsu pressing into him, pushing him back. But the pulsing in his head won't quiet, the roaring in his ears is like screaming, his heart pounds so hard against his ribs he feels it might burst through his chest. Totty is crying, but Karamatsu feels so good. Blood rushes through him like fire, and he feels so very, very alive.No one can hurt Todomatsu. Not Totty. Not the baby. No one can touch him and hope to keep breathing. Karamatsu's lip curls as he moves in on his target again.“I'll call mom!”He lurches. Mom. He can already see her look of disappointment.Todomatsu's thumb hovers over the call button. With a snarl, Karamatsu seizes his brother's wrist and hauls him away, their multitude of shopping bags forgotten. It's only as they walk that Karamatsu's rage settles into a guilty knot lodged in his gut. Totty's crying face replays in his mind's eye, and his anger turns inward. How could he scare his little brother like that? He's a monster. He's less than human. He can't be trusted.Osomatsu thinks so, too.“You're going to Chibita's. He's the least likely to piss you off, right? He'll probably be safe with you.”
Probably. 
“And if you lose your shit he can, I dunno', hide in a pantry or something.”
But maybe not.
No, brother. Yes, brother. Whatever you say, brother. Until you are gone, brother. I love you, brother.Goodbye.  He saw them crying at the end of a deep tunnel. Muffled, but he heard the pain in their voices.Totty, moaning, crumpled to his knees as they lowered the casket. Ichimatsu holding Jyushimatsu back as the younger tried to jump into the grave. Osomatsu holding mother, father holding Choromatsu.Karamatsu stood far, far back, shivering. He smiled, his breath coming in stuttered gasps. His hands passed over his arms again and again and again, but he couldn't get warm. The only thing that comforted him was the thought that his family would get better. They hurt now, maybe a lot, but they would get better. They'd be better off without the monster circling them constantly like a shark on the hunt.If he had any tears to cry, they were frozen deep inside. He gazed at his blue hands and willed water to fall, but there was nothing. Nothing at all.Better this way. Like this, he could sing his brothers lullabies forever and never hurt them ever again.“Farewell, my brothers,” he whispered.Todomatsu blinked and cast his eyes around. They seemed to settle on Karamatsu for a moment. Only a moment. The youngest went back to wailing as soon as they began shoveling dirt into the open earth.“Farewell,” he whispered again, softer. “I'm sorry.” 



Hope, For When You Return
Chapter Notes
MMmmmmmmMMMmmMm this chapter sort of went in a direction I wasn't expecting. I don't really like it. Actually, I hate it, so there will be an epilogue. I'll also be putting together an 8tracks mix for this story, which I'll share on my tumblr @moogleizer. If anyone wants to provide art for the cover, I'd be super honored! Thanks for reading this far!Soundtrack: "Little Do You Know" by Alex and Sierra



“There's no such thing as lost hope.”Someone he faintly remembers said that to him once. An upperclassman, he thinks. Yes. It comes back to him in bursts. Someone from drama club.No such thing as lost hope. Sounds like a dream.The pain is still real, still hot, like he never left that riverbank all those years ago. Well. Not that many years ago. Just enough to feel like another life.A kick to his ribs. Kick. Kick. Kick. One to the side of his head. Explosion of light, slow, spreading dark. The world tilts.He loved this upperclassman. First love, or something stupidly cheesy like that. The upperclassman turned him down with a “sorry” and a sad smile, like it wasn't his choice, like the stars weren't aligned, like he worked at a diner and they'd just run out of fucking butter. Sorry. You've got to have your pancakes dry.Still. No such thing as lost hope.A foot comes down on him, straight into his stomach, and copper erupts in his throat. No room to breathe before the foot comes down again, harder, followed by a sharp blow to the side of his face. Pipe, maybe. He growls, then whimpers. No. He won't let the beast out again. He won't disappoint his brothers again. If he dies...If he dies...
You don't want that.
Karamatsu blinked. Sitting on the bench beside him was the upperclassman he confessed to oh so long ago. It was right before he graduated, Karamatsu recalled. That's what spurred the confession. Ticking time.“I'm sorry, Kara.” And then that sad smile. “To be honest, I like you too. I might even love you. But we can never be more than friends. You understand, dont you?”
You understand why you have to let go.
He bites down hard on his own lip to stop from screaming. It hurts. Everything, every part of him, hurts, but he can't fight back. He won't. He sees Jyushi's broken face and his heart clenches in sorrow, in guilt, in fear. He's afraid of what he can become. Afraid of what he sometimes wants to become. Better to let them end it. Cage the monster. Slay the beast.“You are beautiful, Karamatsu,” said his first and only love. “There is no such thing as lost hope.”Ah.He wasn't killed after all.Before he knows it he's alone in the silence, staring up at the stars. It's his fault. He picked a fight with bullies, and they got him back. But at least he's alive. He's alive.
You're dreaming. You need to wake up.
He doesn't remember leaving the riverbank. He's got no idea how he made it home, or if he even did. Next he knows, he's in the hospital, and the school director sits at his bedside.“I know what my son and his friends did to you,” he says, solemn, weary, cautious. “If you don't say a word about it, we won't press charges, either.”Karamatsu laughs. The director winces.“Sir,” Karamatsu croaks (and he flinches, alarmed by the weakness in his voice), “I have no idea what you're talking about.”The director nods. He mouths what looks like a “thank you,” but Karamatsu neither wants nor needs that man's thanks. He's just protecting his parents from having a criminal for a son, the others from having a criminal for a brother.So when they ask who did it to him, who hurt and almost killed him, he says, simply, “I don't remember.” Again and again, to face after face, “I don't remember. I don't remember. I don't remember.”Over time, it almost becomes the truth.
You survived then. You'll survive now.
But...what if he didn't want to?
No such thing as lost hope.
Karamatsu, teeth chattering, curled up into a ball on the bench and stared helplessly, desperately, at his upperclassman. His upperclassman smiled. He opened his arms.That's when the tears finally, finally came. Karamatsu flung himself at his senior and buried his face in the man's warm chest. Strong arms enfolded him. For the time being, he knew nothing else.  Antiseptic and rubber. Mostly antiseptic. Todomatsu sniffed. No hatred quite like the hatred of hospitals.Didn't feel long enough since he'd last been here, crying like this. Holding Karamatsu's hand like this. He cried every night since they got the call—in horror, in relief, in dread.Karamatsu, alive. They'd found him alive. Frozen near to death, but it was beyond what any of his brothers or his parents hoped for after the snowstorm. It felt too similar to all those years ago, sitting and waiting, hands wringing, not knowing.Mom cried, too, but at least she had dad to comfort her. No one comforted Todomatsu. Todomatsu wasn't sure he'd accept it if anyone tried. He would hardly let anyone get near him without snapping, without trying to claw their eyes out with his sharp words.He still blamed them, Osomatsu and Choromatsu, but after all that Ichimatsu berated him, he blamed himself, too. He doubted Karamatsu. That was a fact. He doubted him, and he let Osomatsu take him away. He should have stood by Karamatsu, should have stayed with him, but it was too late for that now.Now all he could do was cry while they waited for Karamatsu to open his eyes (again).He squeezed his brother's maimed left hand a second, third, fourth time. He ran his thumb tenderly over the bandages that concealed ugly stubs where Karamatsu's little finger and ring finger used to be. He brought the hand to his lips, kissed the palm.“Nii-san,” he murmured, (and ugh, he sounded so gross through his tears), “you have to wake up. There's a lot we need to tell you. Choromatsu made you a new mug, a pretty blue one. It kinda looks like the sea—remember that one time we visited Okinawa and mom took us to the beach?—it kinda looks like the water there, all bright blue and white. Sorry—he broke your old one by accident. It was cracked anyway, you needed a new one, I remember you saying that. And Jyushi...Jyushi really wants to drink tea with you. He misses you so, so much. Every night he...he sits at the table with two empty mugs, his mug and your new one, and he waits for that phone call saying you've come back. You need to come back.”He paused to swipe his free arm across his eyes. The constant hiccoughing made it hard to speak. The smell of antiseptic burned in his nose and made him sick. Karamatsu, so limp and unresponsive, so pale and almost blue, made him sick. Everything made him sick.Why wouldn't he open his eyes?“Ichimatsu brought home a kitten just for you. Says she's yours, if you want to keep her. He put a little blue collar on her so everyone...everyone knows who she belongs to.”He should wake up any day now, the doctor said. Should. So why hadn't he? Why did a day turn into three turn into a week? Two weeks?“Osomatsu bought you a cigarette case. We all told him smoking is bad for you, but he just smiled. Do you even smoke, nii-san? Oh, well, you know Osomatsu. He doesn't think things through. Or maybe he overthinks. Who knows. I think he's an idiot, but...”Maybe this was punishment. Maybe God, seeing how badly they'd treated Karamatsu for the thousandth time, the millionth time, decided, finally, to keep him. Todomatsu choked back a sob. He brought his older brother's cold hand to his cheek and begged with any and every god to please, give his brother back.“I...I bought you a new scarf. I actually thought white would suit you. It's cold out there, and...and...I...Oh, god, nii-san, please, wake up. Don't go away again.”Todomatsu cried. He held his big brother's hand and he cried, and he cried, and he cried. He didn't notice Jyushi come in, didn't notice Jyushi wrap warm arms around him, but he clung to the fifth eldest anyway, buried himself in that warmth and wept until his chest ached and his face burned.“Okay, okay,” said Jyushimatsu, rubbing soft circles into Todomatsu's back. “It's gonna be okay.”Todomatsu wished he could believe it, wished he could have that kind of faith. But when the second week turned into a third, when the third week turned into a month and the month into a half, he slowly, slowly gave up hope. He stopped visiting Karamatsu every day, because he couldn't bear to see him so still, so damn near dead. He realized coldly, cruelly, that wishing was not enough. Wanting, even with his whole heart, was not enough.Karamatsu wasn't coming back.  “Do you know what triggers it?” he asks, staring up into the sky.Karamatsu considers a moment, shakes his head.“I couldn't say, honestly. Sometimes I'll go days without feeling anything—not anger, not happiness, sadness—nothing. And then...and then...”“You explode.”“I explode.”The elder of them lets out a low whistle and sets his coffee can to one side. He gazes long at Karamatsu with soft gray eyes, lip curled in worry, in genuine care. Karamatsu's heart skip-dances in his chest. He has to look away. Sitting together on the school roof like this is almost already more than he can take.“Thanks for being honest with me Karamatsu,” his upperclassman says (he puts a hand on Karamatsu's shoulder, and Karamatsu is sure he is going to crumble into dust then and there). “I'll contest your suspension from the club. I know you didn't hurt Ken on purpose. I think Ken knows that, too. But listen. The next time you feel that way, you have to let me know immediately. We can remove you from the situation, get you some fresh air, try to calm you down. Would that help?”“I...I don't know. I guess it's worth a try?”“That's the spirit. You're a good guy, Karamatsu. I believe in you. You know that, right?”Everything in Karamatsu coils tight. His stomach churns with butterflies. He swallows hard past the thickness in his throat.Yuichi believes in him. If Yuichi believes in him, he can do anything.He nods, swipes the backs of his hands across his eyes as Yuichi laughs softly.“There, there.”An arm slung around his shoulder. A hand ruffling through his hair. Nothing, he thinks, could ever be as sweet as this.  No hope. No luck. No reason. Blame. Osomatsu knew all about that. No matter how many times he turned the knob, the pachinko machine wouldn't cut him a break. No matter how many times he turned the knob, luck wouldn't bring Karamatsu back.He was as good as dead, after all. No doctor could tell them why Karamatsu wouldn't wake up; he just wouldn't. As if he refused.
Serves you right, Osomatsu. You did this. It's on you.
He slammed his fists down on the machine. The people around him jumped. The attendant kicked him out. He focused on that tight ball of anger inside him and clung to it, wondering if it brought him closer to Karamatsu. God, he fucked up.“Why did you send him away?” asked mother.“Why didn't you call the police sooner?” asked father.Neither of them understood. No one understood why Osomatsu did what he did, why he broke his baby brother's heart. A big brother is supposed to protect, to hold, and instead he pushed Karamatsu into the pit.He kicked his way to the bridge, breathing hard. This cold, this ache like bitter burning—Karamatsu must have felt it, too, scared, alone, hating himself. Or hating Osomatsu. Osomatsu would deserve to have Karamatsu hate him. He did this, he did this. He may as well have pinned Karamatsu down in the snow, may as well have taken a hot knife and carved Karamatsu's fingers off with his own hand.Osomatsu gripped the frozen rails of the bridge and choked back a sob. He'd stopped worrying about crying in public weeks ago, when it became clear that Karamatsu really might never wake up again. He'd been walking home from the hospital when the weight of it struck him, rammed into him like a semi and punched the air from his lungs.
Karamatsu might never wake up again.
He'd collapsed at the park and wept and screamed until the police were called to escort him home. They gazed at him with such sorry eyes, those policemen, such desperate sympathy, that Osomatsu burst into strangled laughter. What did they know, the bastards? Osomatsu didn't deserve their sympathy. His fault, his fault, his fault.He twisted the bridge rail in his hands, relishing the burn of ice against his naked palms, focusing on the sharp sting.
Did you hurt like this, Karamatsu?

flash—
those eyes so empty, so lost, reaching for arms that couldn't, wouldn't reach back, those eyes adrift and drowning and so, so alone, a betrayal made worse by the fact that it wasn't for the first time—Osomatsu slammed his fists onto the railing. The pain jolted from his wrists all the way up his arms and into the back of his head. He slammed his fists down again, gritting his teeth against the agony in his shoulders. He screamed at the frozen water, screamed at the sky, screamed until he wept. Fat, ugly tears slid down his cheeks and splashed onto the backs of his hands.
flash—
baby hands reaching for one another, fat baby fingers intertwined, carefree giggles because there was nothing to worry about in all the world so long as they were together, so long as they stayed tethered like this, wide brown eyes full of light, full of light, full of laughter and love and broken, broken, broken, shattered into a million glass shards—Arms around him, soft, warm. When had he curled up into a ball, anyway? Someone hummed him a quiet melody, gentle, gentle, at the edge of familiar. Someone held him and stroked his arms.He drew back sharply. She knelt there, smiling at him even though her eyes were pools of concern. Yoshimi. Her pained tell-me-what-you-need expression reminded him so much of Karamatsu that he drew a sharp breath. His lungs punished him for that. The kick of cold flooding his chest spurred a coughing fit.At once Yoshimi removed the scarf from around her neck and folded it snugly around Osomatsu's shoulders. It was fluffy and red and smelled of cocoa butter. It warmed him instantly, and not just because of its lingering heat.“I thought it was you, Matsuno-san. Er, sorry. Osomatsu-san. Heh. It feels a bit strange calling you that.”Osomatsu buried his face in his hands and groaned. He couldn't believe he had to be rescued by this little girl again—and worse, she'd held him like a child just woken from a nightmare. Well. This nightmare wasn't so easy to wake up from.“Yoshimi,” he mumbled through his fingers. “What are you doing here?”“I was walking my dog, Strudel. I heard screaming, and—”“And what? You just decided to see what was up? It could've been dangerous, you know.”“Well, I...I sort of recognized your voice. It didn't sound dangerous, just...sad.”Sad. Great. He was a sad, sad man. He regarded Strudel, a brown poodle puppy barely up to Yoshimi's knees. Something about him even looked like Yoshimi; perhaps the wide, earnest eyes eager to know anything and everything.He didn't realize he'd been twisting the end of the scarf in his hands, nuzzling into it. He dropped his hand as soon as he noticed. He mumbled a thanks, and Yoshimi, bless her heart, smiled like the sun had come out of the clouds just for her. How embarrassing.“That song you were singing,” Osomatsu began, and the words stuck in his throat. He swallowed around the lump and pushed on, his voice coming out a croak. “That song. I think...I think my brother used to sing it to us at night...a lullaby.”“Your younger brother?”“The second eldest. I'm a sextuplet, actually. There are six of us. Karamatsu—the second born—he liked to sing.”“Ah. I...I see.” Yoshimi folded her hands in her lap and frowned down at them. “I'm very sorry for your loss.”Osomatsu reeled. Loss. Karamatsu was lost. Couldn't be found or wouldn't be. God, God, God. He hadn't even realized he'd spoken about his own brother in the past-tense, like he'd already given up on him for the umpteenth time, and it wasn't fucking fair. Karamatsu, that selfish bastard.Except, Osomatsu knew in the deepest part of his heart that if selflessness lived anywhere, in anyone, it lived in Karamatsu. Karamatsu, who climbed to heights unknown to make sure his brothers were safe, happy, healthy. Karamatsu, who would rather go far, far away than subject his brothers to his dark.“He's not dead,” Osomatsu clarified, and Yoshimi's eyes widened. “He's sick. He's very sick, and he hasn't woken up in months. I didn't mean to write him off like that. It's just...it's been hard, is all.”And there he went, opening up to a kid about his problems. Again. What a loser.Strudel began to whimper. Yoshimi sneezed. Osomatsu felt like the biggest jerk in the world.“Look, there's a cafe nearby,” he said, standing. “Let me get you a hot chocolate or a coffee or something. I feel terrible, making you stop out here in the cold like this.”Yoshimi stood as well. “Oh, no, I was walking Strudel anyway.”“It's really the least I can do for you after you've been so nice to a deadbeat like me. I owe you one. Well, two now.” He fiddled with the scarf again.Strudel snuggled up against Yoshimi's legs, and that seemed to decide it for her. She nodded once at Osomatsu, and together they made their way to the Sutaaba around the corner. As promised, Osomatsu bought her a hot chocolate. They sat across from each other, Yoshimi blowing delicately onto the hot liquid in her mug. Her fingers, curled around the mug, were red from the cold. Osomatsu removed the scarf from around his neck and pushed it across the table to Yoshimi.“Thanks for this,” he said, smiling sheepishly. She smiled back, an earnest smile that twisted his heart.He really didn't need any more reminders of Karamatsu today.“It was my pleasure,” she said. “If you don't mind, Osomatsu-san—and I apologize if I'm being too forward—I'd like to hear about your brothers? Please? I've never met a sextuplet before.”“Heh. Yeah, we get that reaction a lot. It's not a problem. Let's see...”He went through his brothers one-by-one, starting with Choromatsu. He tried to describe Karamatsu, struggled to find the words, gave up and ended up making vague hand gestures that could've meant anything, or nothing. Yoshimi watched and listened with rapt attention, and the look of sheer, honest wonder on her face was enough to make Osomatsu laugh.“You're something else, kid,” he said. “You're seriously an open book.”She sipped her hot cocoa, red from the roots of her hair down to her neck.“Yeah,” she mumbled into her mug, “my friends say the same thing.”“Aw, don't worry about it. It's not a bad thing.”Just don't let anyone take advantage of you. Don't let anyone hurt you. I'll break their face.Osomatsu started, shocked by his train of thought. Was this what Karamatsu felt like all the time? Osomatsu had always been protective, always stood by his brothers when things got rough, but this? This was new. That he'd hurt anyone who hurt Yoshimi was a certainty, and it shocked him. Maybe because she was so small. Maybe because she was so much younger. He could almost believe she was really his little sister.He chuckled nervously, passed a hand over his brow.“Is red your favorite color?” Yoshimi asked. She tilted her head, staring at his hoodie. “You wore that last time, too.”“Ah, yeah. Well, I wouldn't say it's my favorite, exactly. My brothers and I are all color-coded...yikes, that sounds stupid. A-anyway, red sorta fell to me as the oldest.”Yoshimi nodded in understanding. “Like the power rangers. You're the red ranger. The leader.”Osomatsu couldn't help cracking up. The power rangers? He'd never thought of him and his brothers that way before.“Are you a secret sentai nerd or something?”Ah, she was red again. Seemed he'd stumbled upon some forbidden truth.“Red is my favorite color,” she admitted, voice so low Osomatsu had to lean in a bit to hear her. “It's the color of warmth, and...and love, and sunsets. Oh, and strawberries, of course.” She pat the scarf on the table. “My brother sent this to me from the states. I'm surprised he remembered what I like at all.”“Brothers can surprise you like that,” Osomatsu agreed. Jokingly he added, “So if red is your favorite color, does that make me your favorite person?”Yoshimi regarded him a bit too seriously for comfort. It was almost enough to make him squirm, and she smirked like she'd been dealt the winning hand.“You're alright,” she said finally, and Osomatsu's stomach sank into his knees.What a scary girl.“Er...Thanks. Anyway...” He pretended to check the wall clock, gave Strudel (who had snuggled his way up against Osomatsu's knees at some point) a pat on the head. “You should head home. It's getting late—”“I don't have cram school tonight, it's fine.”“Your parents—”“They don't really keep tabs on me. I'm responsible.”“Responsible enough to follow some stranger into a cafe. Right.”“You're not a stranger. You're Osomatsu-san!”“Yoshimi. I'll be fine. Seriously. You don't have to worry about me.”She chewed on her bottom lip, considering. “You promise?”“Look.” He reached for a napkin. “You got a pen?”She handed him one, and he scribbled down his home phone number in a pathetic scrawl.“You're ever worried, you ever need anything, you can reach me there.”“I thought you said you didn't have a phone.”“I don't have a cellphone. This is my house phone. Anyway, I promise I'll be alright.”
For Karamatsu's sake. For my brothers' sake. I have to be alright.
Yoshimi nodded once, reached over, gave his hand a squeeze. His heart lurched in his chest. It baffled him that just being in her presence managed to make him feel so much better. It was as if she lifted the ache in him and soothed it away in her small hands. As if she knew what it was like to feel lost, to feel alone, and so fought the world against that for herself, for him. No thanks could ever be enough, and so any he might have spoken never made it past the tip of his tongue. Instead, he squeezed her hand back. She nodded in understanding.“Then, I'll get Strudel home before he gets too restless. Thank you for the cocoa, Osomatsu-san.”“Really, just Osomatsu is fine.”“Osomatsu. You got it. Until next time, Osomatsu. I...I hope your brother wakes up soon.”“Yeah. Me too.”Like that, she was gone. He couldn't be certain she'd ever call him, but somehow he had the feeling she would. He hoped she would.Hope. For his brothers. For himself. He had to have hope.  He knows now what did it, because it happened again. Ken said nasty things about Jyushimatsu.First, an explosion of white, then red creeping in at the edges. Suddenly, everything dark except for Ken's panicked face at the end of his fist.Distantly he hears shouting—pleas, really. The voice is familiar, heart-wrenchingly so, but it doesn't stop the coiled snake in the pit of his belly from springing out. With a roar, he shoves Ken backwards into a pile of chairs. Bang. Crash. Watching him fall feels so relieving. The snake relaxes, just a bit.“Karamatsu,” comes the distantly familiar voice.Karamatsu pauses, turns his head.Yuichi. Yuichi is there. His dark brows are furrowed over a pale, worried face. Scared. His hands are up, placating.Air rushes into Karamatsu's lungs in a gasp, and he doubles over, breathing hard. No. Trying to breathe. Trying to suck in air like he's just run a marathon while holding his breath. Suddenly Yuichi's hands are around him, over his shoulders, rubbing his back. If anything, that makes it worse. The guilt eats him alive.“...chi...Yuichi, I'm...I'm sorry...”“Get Ken to the infirmary,” Yuichi commands. Several club members jump to obey.Meanwhile, Yuichi guides Karamatsu out of the club room, down the hall, up the stairs to the roof. The fresh air hits his face like a slap. It's much easier to breathe up here, but the urge to run makes him weak in the knees. He'd collapse if not for Yuichi holding him up.Yuichi sits him against a wall, still rubbing gentle circles into his back.“You did better this time,” Yuichi murmurs, close, so close to Karamatsu, and his nearness and the lack of air make him feel faint. “Ken shouldn't have said what he said. I'll make sure to tell the director. Ken shouldn't have said that about your brother.”It comes back to him in a rush, and his vision tunnels again.
Jyushimatsu is a weird little fuck too stupid to tie his own shoelaces. As if he could ever seriously play baseball.
He grits his teeth, his whole body tensing. Beside him, Yuichi tenses, too. Instead of pulling away like Karamatsu expects him to, Yuichi presses even closer.“Karamatsu, it's going to be okay. You're okay.”“All Jyushimatsu wants is to play baseball. He's good at it. He's good.”“I know. Everyone knows. Ken is jealous because he didn't make the team. Everyone knows.”“Jyushi isn't stupid.”“Of course not.”Five. Four. Three. Two. One.He counts down, breathing steadily, in through his nose, out through his mouth. Yuichi talks him through it, muttering words of comfort, his arm slung tight around Karamatsu's shoulders.Finally, the world is clear again. Karamatsu frowns.“I'll be suspended from the club again, won't I,” he says. “For real, this time.”Yuichi puts a hand on Karamatsu's chin, turns his head so that they're face-to-face. Karamatsu's breath hitches.“I'll do everything I can to make sure that doesn't happen,” says Yuichi, looking so certain, so determined.The world tilts and sways in Karamatsu's eyes. He wants to lean forward, wants to kiss the lips so close in front of him. Instead he smiles, sheepish, turns away.Jumping to his feet, he clutches his chest and stares into the distance, proclaiming, “Then I, Karamatsu Matsuno, will not lose hope!”Yuichi mirrors the pose, grinning wildly at the horizon. “That's the spirit!”They fall into a fit of laughter. Without a further word between them, Yuichi laces their fingers together, soft, almost shy.Karamatsu lets him.  The clay folded in his hands—delicate, sturdy, delicate again. Soft, then firm, standing, then flat, a castle destroyed. He eased shape into it, prepared it for the new life it would live as a mug; and not just any mug, but one especially infused with love and care to replace the shards of its predecessor. An appropriately painful sentiment, he thought, considering it was for Karamatsu.Karamatsu. He muttered the name to himself under his breath as his fingers worked the clay, so much like flesh under his touch. Karamatsu. He massaged and massaged as if he held his brother's very heart; careful, quiet, soft. Pressure applied with thumbs, ridges smoothed, the whole of it cupped tenderly as a bird. Spinning and spinning and spinning. Choromatsu's head spun, his chest burned, and tear after tear after tear melted into the clay. Ridiculous, but he could hardly help it. Karamatsu. Not here, not there, not anywhere. Bye bye, brother. Until we meet again.He tensed, and the mug quashed into putty in his palms.* * *Totty knew someone who knew someone who owned a pottery shop and kiln. That's how Choromatsu ended up there. Upon hearing of the Matsuno brothers' sorry situation, the young shop owner, Chihiro Sakaki, was more than willing to comp them something as simple as a mug. Choromatsu insisted on paying, but Ms. Sakaki outright refused. She showed him how to work the pottery wheel, guided his hands through the process of shaping a cup, and promised to help him shape the handle when the time came.By the time the mug was flamed, painted, and dry, Ms. Sakaki clapped her hands together and gushed that it was the most beautiful work of pottery she had ever seen. Blue and white reminiscent of waves over the ocean, sprinkled on one half with what could have been a milky way of stars.“It's a masterpiece,” proclaimed Ms. Sakaki (and Choromatsu blushed profusely). “Your brother is sure to love it.” Resting a hand on his shoulder, she added, “I hope he comes back to you soon.”She handed him her business card and invited him to return for discounted classes, saying he had “real artistic talent.”The compliment came as a shock to him more than anything else. Karamatsu had always been the artisitc one. The irony of it was not lost upon him. Clutching her card in his hands, he broke into a fit of heavy sobs.He couldn't believe that the very first time a pretty girl invited him for a cup of tea was after he shamed himself by weeping like a lost little boy in front of her. He knew it was because she felt sorry for him, and yet...and yet...It felt like a story to tell Karamatsu.“I met someone,” he said at Karamatsu's bedside (and he imagined Karamatsu winking at him, one sparkling eye at attention as he waited for the juicy details). “It was all thanks to you, really. She invited me to take pottery classes—” He fumbled around in his pocket for the business card, pulled it out, held it in front of Karamatsu. “Chihiro Sakaki. Pretty, right? It'd be nice if you could meet her too—ah! But you can't steal her away!” As if a dependable young woman like her would be interested in either Choromatsu or any of his NEET brothers to begin with, but that was a consideration for another day. “Anyway, I think you're the one who would really excel at pottery, so you definitely have to come back soon, alright? We can take classes together. We'll...we'll do lots of things together, Karamatsu nii-san, so just...Stop going away, okay? Don't leave us anymore. When you need us just...just say so. It's okay to get angry sometimes. It's okay to get angry at us. Hell, we probably deserve it more than anyone. Get mad if you need us to listen. We will. I will, I promise. I promise, so please...please...”“Choromatsu?”Mother poked her head into the room. Choromatsu swiped his eyes and plastered on a smile before turning to face her, but it wasn't enough. She pressed an index finger between his brows and rubbed gently.“You're going to get more wrinkles than me if you keep scrunching up your eyebrows like that,” she chided. She smiled fondly at him. “The nurses said we can begin now. Are you ready?”Choromatsu nodded.Together, they carefully undressed Karamatsu. Taking the cloth from his mother, Choromatsu dipped it in the metal bin filled with warm, soapy water and rubbed Karamatsu down. He washed his brother's face, memorizing every line, every pore of difference between him and their other brothers. He eased the cloth in small circles over Karamatsu's neck, shoulders and chest, his back, his stomach, his legs and feet. Meanwhile, mother pinched Karamatsu's jaw open and fastidiously brushed each and every one of his teeth.Choromatsu had been the only one to volunteer for the duty when mother brought up they could bathe Karamatsu once a week. Or perhaps because he'd been the first to volunteer, his other brothers decided to leave him to it. It made the most sense, after all; Osomatsu would probably forget more often than not, Ichimatsu just wouldn't show up, Jyushimatsu would get over-excited and either knock something over or hurt Karamatsu, and Todomatsu would tire of it before long.When it came down to it, Choromatsu's years of pretending to be responsible prepared him best for this task. And really, he didn't mind doing it. In whatever way it was possible to, he even enjoyed it. It was a chance to take care of Karamatsu, to be a good brother in a way he hadn't been before. Pathetic that it took a second (third? fourth? fifteenth?) hospitalization for his brotherly instincts to really kick in. He tried to do everything he thought Karamatsu might do, because when it came to taking care of his brothers, no one had him beat.When Karamatsu was all washed and dried, Choromatsu read to him from one of the many books he kept at home. He learned a lot about Karamatsu this way—that his brother showed a keen preference for stories about knights and dragons, that he had a weakness for unbreakable bonds of friendship (as evidenced by the multitude of dog-eared pages about Sam and Frodo in his copy of The Lord of the Rings), and that Karamatsu actually read as much bad romantic poetry as he wrote.He also learned that a handful of his cheesier books, like The Little Prince, were gifts from someone called Yuichi.
With love, from Yuichi.

Ever your devoted admirer, Yuichi.

With respect and adoration, Yuichi.
Must have been someone from the drama club, and considering he signed with his given name, he and Karamatsu must have been close. Choromatsu scoured his memory for any trace of a Yuichi, but came up blank. If Choromatsu ever met him, if Karamatsu ever brought him up, he couldn't remember.Before he knew it, visiting hours were over, and the nurse was escorting him out of the room. Of all the brothers, she told him, only Jyushimatsu had dropped in to visit that morning—was everything alright?“Yes,” Choromatsu stuttered, embarrassed on behalf of his family. “I think it's just a bit hard for them to see him like that.”The nurse nodded her understanding, and that, thankfully, was the end of that.At home, he tried not to act bitterly, but he could hardly help it. Osomatsu lounged around the family room as if nothing was amiss, Ichimatsu played with his cats, Todomatsu scrolled through his phone. It was as if they were already adjusting to life without Karamatsu, moving on before Karamatsu was even gone for good. He opened his mouth to say something, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him. He looked up to see his father shaking his head at him, jerking his thumb towards the other room in indication that Choromatsu should follow him out.“I know they look like they don't care, son,” Matsuzo said once the pair of them were out of earshot, “but looks can be deceiving. Osomatsu is out all day these days, and Ichimatsu won't leave the house, not even to feed his cats. Todomatsu cries every time he puts his phone down, so he doesn't put it down anymore. And you know Jyushi—he just sits at that table with that mug you made, every day. They're doing their best, Choro, just like you.”Of course they were. Of course. Choromatsu just wished that any of their collective wanting made a bit of difference.Trembling, he hugged his father tighter than he had in years. Before he knew it, they were surrounded by the others, who all joined in, one-by-one.  “You're dreaming. You need to wake up.”Slow, in-and-out. Air creeps into his lungs and then leaves him. Eyes flutter open, closed. Muffled voices of alarm, of cold fear. He is cold. Freezing.“Wake up, Karamatsu.”I can't.“You must.”
I won't.
Pins and needles everywhere, his hand on fire. Lights flashing. So, so cold.
I'm sorry.
  Homura came back just to hold him and tell him everything would be alright. Homura came back.They walked and held hands and played, laughed until they cried. How Jyushimatsu cried. He cried until his face was red. He cried until the emptiness inside all came pouring outside. He cried while Homura held him in her lap, stroking back his hair. She whispered to him sweet things, gentle nothings, murmurs of comfort and love.She said she loved him, and he kissed her for the first time on the park swings. Loved, loved, beloved. He loved her with his whole heart.When she left for the second time, he cried harder than the first. Silently, this time, but so much that his heart, barely mended, shattered again.He loved her. And she loved him.Even Ichimatsu couldn't comfort him. He smiled less. Talked less. Eventually, he didn't talk at all. Homura was gone. Karamatsu was gone. He didn't like drinking tea alone.He bought lavender tea and filled Karamatsu's cup with it every night, hoping that that night would be the night his big brother came home. When the tea ran out, he bought more. He was excited to share it, something relaxing that smelled much better than Valerian root. He was sure it would agree with Karamatsu's self-reportedly refined senses.He waited, and he waited, and he waited. The phone call never came.  “We can never be more than friends. You understand, don't you?”Right. Right. Friends. I love you as a friend. That's what I meant. Oh, good.Nothing like that taste on the tongue—ai-shi-te-ru.I love you as a friend—aishiteru.Desperately—aishiteru!He smiles, slides his sunglasses over his eyes to hide the leaking. Yuichi's smile twitches, pinches, turns into a frown.“Karamatsu?”“Sorry...Sorry, the sun was getting a bit much. Don't mind me.”
Ignore me. Ignore me. Let me disappear.
“I'm sorry. Really.”
Don't.
“I wish I could return your feelings, I really do.”
I have no feelings. I feel nothing. I'll never feel anything ever again.
As dramatic as the rest of him.“Forget about it, Yuichi.” He flashes a bright grin. Finger pistols. Bang. “We're still friends, right?”“Of course. Of course we are, Karamatsu. I care about you a lot.”
Please, don't.
He feels the nervous laughter bubbling up inside him, tries to swallow it back, winds up breathing in and out too fast. Panic rises. Rises and rises. God, he hates this feeling.“Sorry,” he says, standing, stumbling. “Sorry. I have to go. I have to—”He trips, slams into the wall. Panicking. Panicking. Vision going dark at the edges. The sobs leave him, then. Embarrassing. Yuichi holds him, but it's different from before. Stiff. Awkward. Karamatsu wishes Yuichi would go away, wouldn't touch him. At the same time, he wants to melt into Yuichi's body like it's the only thing keeping him together. First loves are the worst.“I'm here for you, Kara,” Yuichi says. “Always.”Yuichi is so, so good, and Karamatsu is dirty, a wretch, a monster.
Disappear.
He pushes Yuichi away from him and runs, off the roof, into the sky.Cold.His brothers are waiting for him, somewhere, he is sure of it.So, so cold.He stops at the edge of a high cliff that plunges into the sea. His breath leaves him in puffs of fog, whirling away into the sky. Below, the water churns madly, a dark, depthless blue. Finally, finally he laughs, a sharp, painful, gasping sound. Cold floods his throat, his lungs, numbs him from the inside out. He could throw himself into that sea and end it all. What a relief it would be, to know nothing, to feel nothing, to never ache again. To never be dangerous again. Somehow, though, he knows that if he sinks beneath those waves, he will never, never come back up.“You're dreaming. Wake up.”It's hard, the hardest thing he's ever done, but he closes his eyes and turns his back to the water. He steps away, bit by bit. Slowly. Slowly. Centimeters at a time, shuffling forward on heavy feet. His rapid breathing slows to an even pace.When his eyes open at last, he stares at a white ceiling high above. The beeping of a heart monitor is all he hears. His throat is sore and dry, but he isn't cold anymore.  When Ichimatsu told them what happened, he thought there would be blood. He thought he wouldn't be able to stop it. He was almost right.Osomatsu's face twisted into something hard and dark, something almost like he'd seen on Karamatsu that once ago stormy night. Choromatsu's face became a blank page, unreadable, unrecognizable; his eyes glassed over and went far, far away. Todomatsu immediately took to his phone and pounded away at the keys, reaching out, probably, to old contacts, in search of names, addresses.Ichimatsu was sure there would be blood. If not for Jyushimatsu, there probably would have been.“There's a reason Kara-nii didn't tell us,” croaked Jyushimatsu, and all eyes trained slowly on him. “He didn't want us to get in trouble. He didn't want us to get hurt.”“Bullshit,” Osomatsu spat. “Who the hell does he think he is? Does he really think he can just go and take a beating and we'd stand by and let it happen?”“We have to,” Jyushimatsu insisted. “We have to, or else he got hurt for nothing.”“Besides,” Ichimatsu added, voice trembling. “We have no way of knowing if the guys who attacked me are the same ones who hurt Karamatsu. Not without him saying anything.”“It was obviously the same guys,” Todomatsu hissed. “Who else would it be?”“We don't know, ” said Ichimatsu.Osomatsu didn't like that answer. He clenched his fists, clenched his teeth, paced around the small family room like it was a cage and he a contained lion. All that time, Choromatsu continued staring at nothing.“Osomatsu nii-san.”Osomatsu glanced sideways at Jyushimatsu.“I'm angry, too. But even if we did something about it, that wouldn't make Karamatsu nii-san wake up any sooner.”“Maybe not,” said Todomatsu, “but we'd sure feel better about it.”“Would we?” asked Choromatsu. “Jyushimatsu's right. All we really want is for Karamatsu to come back. Starting a war isn't going to help any of us, much less Karamatsu. It might even get him in trouble. I have a pretty good idea of why he never said anything.”He spoke his last words lowly, his head bowed. Ichimatsu felt the temperature in the room drop. Choromatsu was pissed, truly, genuinely, out-of-his-mind angry. Ichimatsu hadn't seen him this way in a long, long time. He scooted closer to Jyushimatsu, who in turn pressed more closely against him.“Choromatsu nii-san?” Totty tried, voice a near whimper.Choromatsu looked up at him with a tired smile.“Sorry,” sighed Choromatsu. He ran a hand over the back of his head. “I got carried away. But seriously, the best thing we can do is be there for Karamatsu when he wakes up. Chasing the past isn't going to change the future. We...we haven't really been there for him...”“No shit,” Osomatsu growled. He kicked over the hand-shaped chair and plopped down cross-legged next to Todomatsu, who cringed. “I really messed up with him. I shouldn't have chased him away like that. It's my fault. I did this.”“Don't.” Ichimatsu stood up. “Don't you dare. We know you were trying to protect us. Karamatsu wouldn't blame you.”“How could you know that? You're not the one in a goddamn coma, so don't you tell me what he's feeling.”“Shut the hell up you shitty oldest brother. If you seriously think Karamatsu would blame you for any of this, then you don't know the first thing about him.”“What, and you do?”“More than you.”“Guys, that's enough,” Choromatsu interjected. He jumped between them and put a hand to each of their chests. “This isn't helping. Osomatsu, none of us blame you. Well, maybe Totty does,” (at which Totty snorted), “but he's a little demon. And I think Ichimatsu is right in saying Karamatsu wouldn't blame you, either. It's just not in his nature.”“Well,” mumbled Osomatsu, “he should.”The eldest sat back down with a plop, looking so tired, suddenly, and so much older than the rest of them. With his hoodie up he should have looked like the unreliable punk he was, but instead he looked world-weary and afraid. Ichimatsu sat down beside him, put an arm around his shoulders. Osomatsu quietly leaned into his embrace.“Karamatsu nii-san will wake up,” Jyushimatsu declared. He sounded so sure that it broke Ichimatsu's heart. “He wouldn't leave us. Not like this.”Not like this, Ichimatsu mused. But he would leave them someday, if they weren't careful. They had to be careful. More alert. More aware.When the phone started ringing, they were all so absorbed in their own thoughts that they almost didn't hear it. It was Ichimatsu who finally shuffled over to the entryway and picked up the receiver.“Hullo. Mmm. Yeah. He...he what?”His heart plummeted to the floor. He dropped the receiver without hanging it up, rushed back into the family room. The desperate look on his face told his brothers all they needed to know. Together, they rushed out of the house.  “Can you tell me your name?”“Matsuno Karamatsu.”A piercing light shone in his eyes. He squinted against the stab of pain.“How old are you, Matsuno-san?”“Twenty-four years old.”“Do you know what day it is?”“...N-no...sorry...”“That's alright. Can you tell me about your family?”“I have...a mother, Matsuyo. A father, Matsuzo. Brothers...”“How many brothers?”“S...six? No, five. I'm one of six. We're...sextuplets.”“Very good. Can you tell me what you were doing before this?”“I was walking, and then...and then...”He couldn't remember. Where did he go? What was he doing? Why had he left home in the first place?His breath grew short. He clenched and unclenched his fists, noticing a strange absence of feeling in his left hand. He turned his head to look, but the doctor shone a light in his eyes again. An incessant beeping filled his ears.“Please calm down, Matsuno-san,” soothed the doctor. “You're safe here.”Safe. Safe. He wasn't safe. He was a danger to everyone around him, he had to get away—Ah. So that was why he'd left.Nervous laughter tumbled from his lips, and the doctor drew back in obvious alarm.“Matsuno-san, given your history and the circumstances of your hospitalization, it is my opinion that you would benefit greatly from a psychological evaluation. What do you think?”Psychological. Psycho. He was psychotic. Even the doctor thought so. How did he end up here again? His head pounded between his ears. He grit his teeth.A small voice at the door intercepted his thoughts.“Dr. Higa, Matsuno-san's family is here to see him. Is it alright if I send them in?”The doctor regarded Karamatsu a moment before replying, “Go ahead.”The nurse withdrew from the room and was immediately replaced by five identically curious faces at the doorway. The faces poured forward, stumbling over each other, tripping to get to Karamatsu. The doctor had to leap out of the way as five grown men threw themselves over Karamatsu's body, covering him from head to toe in a tangle of limbs.The heart monitor went wild. The bodies on top of him stiffened, backed away. His breaths came heavy, strained. The world faded in and out around him. Just how many times could he panic in ten minutes?“Hey,” came a soft voice, low, gentle, reassuring. “Hey, Karamatsu, it's us, your brothers. You're okay. We're here for you.”Somewhere in the midst of his rapid blinking, he spotted Osomatsu smiling uncertainly down at him. Karamatsu swiped an arm over his brow, brushing away what felt like beads of sweat from his forehead. It was hard to do. His whole body felt weak.“S-sorry,” he murmured, burying his face in his hands. “Sorry, just...give me...give me a moment.”“Of course. Take your time. As much time as you need.”Slowly, hands covered him again. He breathed steadily through his fingers, in, out, in, out. Safe. He was safe. No danger to his brothers, not right now. Safe.Beyond the ring of his brothers stood his parents, arms around each other, crying, smiling. He reached his arms out to his mother, who threw herself at him like he'd risen from the dead (which, he supposed, he had). His father tousled his hair. His brothers squeezed at his hands, at his legs.Safe. His brothers, his parents, here for him. Safe.“You blockhead,” Osomatsu whispered as he hugged him. “Don't you ever do that to us again.”Karamatsu clung tight to his oldest brother and, letting go all his fear, all his hurt, all his self-loathing, he buried his face in Osomatsu's shoulder and wept.
No such thing as lost hope. No such thing.
Even as he wept, he couldn't help but smile. In his brothers' arms, he was whole. In his brothers' arms, he was home. 




Afterword


End Notes
After first chapter, updates every Friday/Saturday, depending on your time zone. Comments and and feedback are always much appreciated!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



