



for you i grew a flower - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

for you ( i grew a flower that couldn't bloom)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15330180.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics, Tattooed Jeon Jungkook, Alpha Jeon Jungkook, Alpha Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Rough Sex, Angry Sex, Alternate Universe - College/University, Angst, Bottom Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Alcohol, Minor Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Alpha Park Jimin, Beta Kim Taehyung | V, Illnesses, Hate to Love, Wall Sex, Knotting, Top Jeon Jungkook, Overstimulation, Come as Lube, Spit As Lube, Past Abuse, Past Rape/Non-con
Series:
Part 1 of
blooming days
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-18
          Completed: 2018-09-06
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 20399
      

for you ( i grew a flower that couldn't bloom)
by orphan_account
Summary

He's drunk, beyond inebriated, far past tipsy. Still, the words eloquently leave Hoseok's mouth. "What will it take, for you to love me?"
   Jeongguk stared at his bottle of soju, half empty. When he gazed at Hoseok it's full of pity and sadness. Disdain. But...there's something else there. Something.  Jeongguk sighed. "No one can love you if you can't love yourself." Or:Jeongguk hates Hoseok. Hoseok loves Jeongguk. But Jeongguk is an alpha, and so is Hoseok. But there's one more thing.Hoseok is dying. Because of Jeongguk. Drama ensues.
Notes
all mistakes are mine and if there's a tag i'm missing, lemme know.-Mak

          See the end of the work for more notes





Him
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Hoseok made enough confession and break-up bouquets to know that the petals were from a rose. Except they were a colour Hoseok had never seen before. Usually, rose petals were a pretty, blushing red. Maybe bright yellow, or pristine white. But these were compact and wide with an odd weight as if they were made of the thinnest, artificial plastic. The veins were thick and tinted a red so dark, they seemed black before the crimson faded to an off-white towards the curve of the petal where it would bloom from the stem. If it had a steam.Mind hazy from the music reverberating outside the bathroom walls and downing one too many jello shots, Hoseok could only laugh at the petals overflowing in his cupped hands. They drifted into the waiting toilet bowl like confetti. The surface rippled with each petal coating the surface until he couldn’t see the bottom of the bowl anymore.As they flushed, only one cryptic thought came to his mind.He was going to die.  "Oh my god Hobi. Oh my god." Taehyung chanted hysterically, staring at his friend with bulging, misty eyes.Hoseok sniffed from where he stood in the doorway, fresh petals strewn at his feet. His clothes were still wrinkled from the afterparty, alcohol and colognes clinging to his skin. He cringed in his light jacket as another petal came up, joining the ones hiding the ‘w’ on the welcome mat. He crushed them with his boot, taking a shaky breath of the frosty air. "I’m sorry, I just,” He sneezed, wiping at his cold-flushed cheeks. “I needed a place to stay."Taehyung all but pulled the latter inside, instantly shoving Hoseok to sit on the plush armchair. Blanketed in warmth, Hoseok happily sunk into the cushion, drawing his knees to his chest. It was the cosiest and comfiest he'd been in days and his body instantly began to wind down, sleep deprivation weighing his eyelids.Hoseok woke up to someone nudging his shoulder gently, the smell of mint wafting to his nostrils. He parted his lids, noticing a blanket had been thrown over him. Taehyung loomed worriedly, a mug of piping tea in hand. "Here, drink this."Hoseok took the black mug with a whispered thank you, taking tentative sips with a pleased hum. Taehyung sat on the chaise lounge, eyeing the other with anger masked by undeterred concern. His fingers weaved anxiously, knee bouncing. “So...Who is it?"Hoseok stopped himself from conjuring the face or name, knowing either would trigger a respiratory fit. He swallowed the tea in his mouth, ignorant of how it scalded his tongue. His voice came out small in the quiet living room. "You know who."Taehyung released a growl, standing to drive rivets into the floor with his frantic pacing. "I’m going to kill him, fucking kill him.""Taehyung, please-""No!" The beta whirled, fists clenched at his sides. The green in his eyes was too bright for Hoseok's liking. "Hobi you're dying because of that asshole."Carefully, the alpha set the mug on the coffee table, curling up on the plush, olive cushions. "I don't want to talk about it, Taetae. I’m tired, just come cuddle me.”Taehyung’s gaze softened as he reluctantly fit himself behind Hoseok, folding his arms around his waist. Hoseok sighed, pressing back into the warmth radiating from Taehyung’s lanky frame. Taehyung pet through the alpha’s mused hair, a frown still adorning his face even if his eyes were raking over Hoseok's relaxed features in endearment. "Hobi-"" Later," Hoseok whispered, already giving into the lull of much-needed sleep.Later, however, Hoseok snuck out of Taehyung's place, satchel slung over his shoulder as he headed for work. It was the ass crack of dawn, the sun just barely peeking over the horizon of skyscrapers galore. It’d be the first time in a while he'd be able to concentrate without doubling over to spit petals every four seconds. Actually, Hoseok felt great. He hadn’t felt energy like this coursing through his veins in a good while.With a subtle smile on his face, Hoseok dug through his bag for his cell to text his boss he'd be there soon. But after a minute of digging past his work uniform and travel toiletries in the catacombs of his drawstring, he couldn't find the phone.Desk. Home. Charging.Hoseok groaned, ducking his head to rest against the frozen pole of a streetlamp. He could go get it or he could just manage without it. It wasn't like he'd need it in the first place. Work was occupying enough as is, especially when you had a slew of people needing floral baskets before noon.But Hoseok figured himself some sort of masochist as he turned in the opposite direction, each step plummeting his mood.At the door, Hoseok froze, key in hand. Did he really want to go in? He shook his head, sticking the gold into the lock and twisting the deadbolt. Quick, he just needed to be quick. Hoseok took fast strides, passing the foyer and kitchen, the hushed living room, heading towards the hallway. He noticed Jeongguk’s bedroom door ajar and frowned. His conscience muttered, don't look up. Hoseok sped past, heading for his own room to snatch his phone from the desk. Almost there. Almost—Hoseok smacked into a solid chest, knocking him back a few steps.Jeongguk stared in surprise and confusion, steam billowing around him from the bathroom. He was damp, the band of his sweats dark grey with shower residue. "Didn’t you have to work?"Hoseok swallowed around the coin-sized lump in his throat, averting his gaze to the ground. "I was on m-my way there." Fuck. Oh fuck.If Jeongguk heard the urgency in Hoseok’s voice, he chose to ignore it, scrunching his nose. It was so endearing and so cute and—Hoseok lurched at the churning in his chest, throat fluttering in warning. Slapping a hand over his mouth, Hoseok barrelled past the male, practically running from the apartment. He didn't stop until he doubled over at a curb to empty a tiny pile of petals on the rain-stained asphalt. His lungs burned with it. Tears sprung in his eyes as he struggled to breath, and when he could, he couldn't stop himself from crying, crouching against a brick building with muffled hiccups.  For the longest time, Hoseok suspected he wasn't interested in omegas like all of his other peers and alpha counterparts were. He never humoured their conversations about that one omega with the sweet scent of cotton candy or caramel (frankly, the scent made Hoseok's stomach churn in the most uncomfortable way and his nostrils burn from how cloying it could be). He didn't see the appeal in helping an omega through their heat, or how it was honourable for that matter. To Hoseok, there was nothing arousing about spending a week with someone who was in agony, driven to self-neglect by overwhelming hormones as they fell sick because half of their body's water supply leaked out of their ass. In Hoseok's humble opinion, it wasn't worth it.But a part of Hoseok envied omegas. They got all the attention from the alphas and betas alike. Everyone preened over them, keened for their attention. Alpha's chased their skirts and they only laughed and giggled as though it were a game. Betas whistled and the omegas played coy, secretly liking it. Not all of them did, but majority ruled and remembering their mannerisms made Hoseok's lips curl in both disdain and envy. Envy because he wanted someone to call for his attention like that; to playfully grab him by the hips or growl his way. Granted Hoseok would never tolerate that kind of borderline dickish behaviour, but it was the thought of being wanted so much that Hoseok fell in love with. But he could never have that. He was an alpha. He was supposed to do the chasing and courting and he was supposed to take the lead. He was supposed to want an omega. But Hoseok didn't.He really, really didn't.He didn't like playing rough. He liked dancing. He liked art and baking with his mother on weekends. He liked eating fresh cookies in the backyard among the garden of tulips with a glass of lemonade to wash it down.It was one afternoon he was doing just that that he told his mother of his crisis.Hoseok could vividly recall the blatant fear that crossed his mother's features. She pushed her plate aside to grab her son's shoulders, shaking Hoseok with frantic glimpses towards the back screen door as she hissed, "Don't ever let anyone else ever hear you say that, understand?" She shook him again, her scent permeating with sudden stress. Hoseok had nodded frantically, but tears still found a way to push past the brim of his eyes. His mother softened to cradle her only son, apologizing but the damage was already done.With the fear of disappointing his mother, Hoseok pushed that part of himself far, far down. He played rough with the other alphas, returning home smelling like a wet puppy every afternoon with a new bruise on his knee. He ditched his dream to dance to pursue a degree in astronomy instead. He courted his first omega his senior year, a petite boy nearly a head shorter with a smell like candy apples dumped in caramel over and over again. It was the most sickening experience of Hoseok's life. Which was all right. As long as his family was happy, as long as everyone around him was happy, that was all that counted for Hoseok.Now, Hoseok regretted his selflessness the most. He wished he knew how to be selfish. Even just a little bit. Glaring down at the river drifting just below, he watched the petals drift on the chilly breeze. A trip to the pier always cleared his thoughts. Along with cheap alcohol, of course. A fatal disease, booze, and the murkiness of the river was never the best combination, but for Hoseok it was heaven. It was way better than returning home.Hoseok inhaled, hating how his lungs shook unsteadily and his heart beat irregularly. He fucking hated feelings.Waves crashed against the boulders in the night, stars reflected on the river surface. It was getting late. He couldn’t avoid home forever.Semi-sober and with pain in his chest, Hoseok started the hour trek home, purposefully taking a convoluted path of backstreets and sceptic alleys. When he finally reached the front door of their apartment, his body ached wantonly for his bed. Fumbling with his keys, the brunette opened the door and stepped in, toeing off his shoes only to freeze in the foyer at the unmistakable sound of a moan drifting distantly through the house.Hoseok wasn't stupid. He knew what pleasure sounded like.Something reared its ugly head deep within Hoseok, a green monster part jealousy and hate. It sunk hot and deep in Hoseok's gut, clouding his eyes with amber. Hoseok nearly left the door open in his drunken daze if it weren't for the spring hinges. Toeing off his ratty sneakers, Hoseok stumbled through the dark, blindly searching for the hallway. The lewd noises grew louder, deep grunts mixed with muffled moans with the consistent knock of wood against the drywall. Hoseok breathed, expecting to smell the saccharine aroma of omega.Imagine his shock when the sharp scent of a foreign alpha mixed with Jeongguk's distinguishable cocoa invaded his nostrils. Hoseok stuttered to a stop, the haze in his head clearing as he noticed the sliver of light splitting the hallway shadows. The door had carelessly been left open; only a sliver; but open nonetheless.No, Hoseok, don't do it but Hoseok never listened to himself, or anyone for that matter, and couldn't stop himself from snooping. Even if it was an invasion of privacy. Even if was only going to hurt himself more.Hoseok got an eyeful of Jeongguk's naked, broad backside, fine muscle rippling under olive-kissed skin as he drove deep, ruthlessly into the alpha beneath him. Hoseok knew because the stranger was stroking his own cock, knot thick and swollen with his arousal. He should've looked away then, but Hoseok wanted one last look at Jeongguk's sex-god form, gaze drifting heatedly from the furious pace of his hips to the ink shifting on his skin and biceps as he grasped the alpha's hips. To the tight set of his jaw and the sweat trickling down his cheeks to—To sharp gold eyes staring right back at Hoseok.Hoseok felt something hot bloom in his groin, spreading from his fingertips to his toes as Jeongguk held Hoseok's terrified gaze as he shoved the alpha into the mattress with a hand at his nape, fucking the stranger so well, Hoseok's ass clenched around nothing. He barely muffled the whimper that crawled up his throat, slapping his hand over his mouth. As if he heard, Jeongguk smirked with a low groan, head lolling back. If possible, he fucked the rather small alpha faster, the slap of skin on skin obscene. Hoseok wished to be the one beneath him, fisting the cotton sheets, begging for release. Hoseok’s stomach twisted, heat churning fast.The quick flash of arousal quickly morphed into something else familiar, something cold and impersonal. His insides started curling and tightening. Lungs working overtime. Hoseok pressed his hand tighter to his mouth, trembling as he found his footing, stumbling to his room on weak knees. He barely made it inside before he tipped and crashed to the floor, choking up the petals on the creme carpet. His eyes stung as something scratched at his throat on its way up. He quaked and wretched with it, spat blood onto the pristine floor until the lump was close enough that he could reach in and drag it out. But not without sharp edges clawing at the sensitive flesh of his throat, tears working a river down his flushed cheeks as his face bloomed from red to violet to blue.When his airway was clear, Hoseok stared at his bloodied hands in disbelief, rasping for air. It was a whole fucking flower. Hoseok leaned against the door and sobbed, hugging the crimson soiled blossom to his chest.  The next morning brought an ironically sunny day.Hoseok laid his cheek on his palms as he stared at the flower he'd put in a glass of water. Osiria. It was an Osiria rose. Hoseok had gently wiped the blood off the petals before he'd found it a home in tap water. The petals seemed to glow in the sunlight streaming through the blinds, but the flower itself was bent awkwardly, almost drooping.Hoseok cooed softly, running his fingers gently along the delicate curve of the petals. A door closed and he dropped his hand, going still as footsteps shuffled out of the hallway. Hushed chatter passed but Hoseok pointedly kept his eyes glued to the flower that shifted under the AC breeze—He could still hear Jeongguk showing his special 'guest' to the door. Definitely an alpha, Hoseok concluded.He didn't know why, but Hoseok laughed. Tiny, huffing noises that sounded like wheezing before they turned into full-blown chuckles. Footfalls padded across the wood before stopping short. Hoseok slowly looked up at both his muse and demise. He was unsurprised to find Jeongguk's upper lip curled in disgust. Hoseok would be disgusted if he saw himself too."Do you usually watch people fuck?"Hoseok flushed, averting his gaze to the makeshift vase. Not knowing how to respond without sounding like a creep, he coughed, barely catching it in the crook of his elbow. Except his shirt was white and blood splattered and bloomed on the fabric. Hoseok laughed again, sniffing as blood flowed from his nose, dripping over his lips. Hoseok touched, fingertips returning dark. "Well, fuck.""Shit," Jeongguk ran off, footfalls thudding on the floor. Hoseok almost yelled about downstair neighbours until Jeongguk returned with a roll of tissue, falling to his knees beside Hoseok. Hoseok stared as the younger snatched off a few sheets, pressing them to Hoseok's nose with surprising gentleness."Head down."Hoseok scoffed, voice nasally as he muttered, "It's just a nosebleed.""I said head down."Despite himself, Hoseok tipped his head forward, watching the other from his peripheral. Jeongguk was texting with one hand and pinching Hoseok's nose with the other, a furrow in his brows.Hoseok frowned at the burdensome look. "I can—""Stop moving."Hoseok wished he weren't so quick to listen to the other alpha. He also wished Jeongguk didn't give him an odd, vaguely surprised look. Hoseok looked down at his lap and his intertwined fingers, bristling in the tense silence. It was the most words they'd spoken to each other since Jeongguk had moved in four months ago. A record, really."So you screw alphas?" Hoseok bit his lips at the unfiltered words, glad the other couldn't see his face."Not exclusively.""Hm."Defensive. "Something wrong with that?"No. Yes. Everything. Hoseok sufficed for a shrug. "It's weird. But none of my business.""Is that what you said to yourself last night?"Hoseok couldn't stop himself from flushing even if he wanted. "I w-was drunk.""Oh yeah?""Yes," Hoseok mumbled, lower lip jutting out the tiniest. Jeongguk pulled his hand away and Hoseok dared to look up. The proximity of their faces allowed Hoseok to make out the stars in Jeongguk's eyes. To admire the sharp angles of his face. The plumpness of his lower lip, swollen and red as if he'd been biting them one too many times. God, how Hoseok wanted. Wanted to kiss his cheeks and kiss his lips.Too bad he could never have that.Jeongguk stood with a sigh and Hoseok had to stop himself from whining pitifully. "Don't blow your nose or it'll bleed again."Hoseok nodded, waiting until the younger left before he spat out a petal, scowling at the damned Osiria that had the nerve to perk up the slightest. It only wilted under his glare.  Something changed. Hoseok wasn't sure what, or why, but the tense dynamics between him and Jeongguk became a little less tense. They didn’t talk, but Jeongguk’s glares were a little softer, calm sketched in the lines of his face rather than cold-hearted resentment."Maybe it's because I almost saw his dick," Hoseok joked, snickering, but Yoongi and Taehyung didn't even bat an eye. Hoseok sighed, snuggling into his oversized hoodie. The woes of befriending people with no sense of humour."Shouldn't you just, I don’t know, move out?" Yoongi said, poking at his frappe but not really drinking it. His facade was cool, but Yoongi had been beyond pissed when Taehyung relayed the news of Hoseok's dilemma.Hoseok wiped his nose across his sleeve. No blood. Good. "It's my apartment, so technically he should move out, but I can't do that.""Can't or won't."He didn't hesitate. "Won't."Taehyung huffed, clearly wanting to say something else on the matter, but Hoseok only threw him a look and the beta rolled his eyes. "What does he look like, at least?"Hoseok debated disclosing that information until he spotted someone from the corner of his eye. Hoseok made a surprised noise before frantically (dramatically) diving behind a menu. What the fuck was he doing here?Yoongi stared as though the other sprouted a second head. "What the hell Hoseok?""He's over there.""Over where?""There!" Hoseok pointed, peering over the laminated tri-fold. Jeongguk was dressed in black slacks that fit too well around his thighs, the sinful pants paired with a cremé button up that stretched tight over his broad chest, the sleeves rolled to his forearms. Hoseok had never seen the boy look so soft in the face, his smile youthful and sweet with his oversized teeth. Hoseok sighed wistfully, the sound of longing accompanied by a few petals. He swept them to the floor."Oh, damn." Taehyung whistled lowly, approval in the arch of his brow but a deep scowl on his lips."He's hot, but still an asshole for not realising how boyfriend you are." Yoongi agreed.Hoseok decided not to question his friend on his choice of vocabulary. Instead, he laughed, genuinely. "Oh yeah? Then why haven't you whisked me off my feet, Mr Min?""I need to be wooed first." Yoongi teased, raising a brow. "And you'd break my no kissing on the first date rule."Hoseok gasped, pressing a hand over his heart. "I thought you loved my affection?"Yoongi’s scrunched his nose, prompting Hoseok to pout in an offensive manner."Don't worry hyung, I love your kisses," Taehyung clung to the alpha's arm, invading Hoseok's space to attack his neck. Hoseok broke into a fit of giggles at the ticklish sensation, body slouching on the pleather booth as he went weak with laughter. It felt good though; the distraction. This was what Hoseok needed. Friends. Positivity. If they knew what he was like behind closed doors...Drunk, fucked up and self-loathing, they'd probably hate him too. Like Jeongguk did."Everything all right over here?" Speak of the devil.Hoseok choked down another petal in between giggles, pulling away from Taehyung to mask the unattractive hacking. "F-fine, just peachy," He wheezed. Clearly, Jeongguk was unconvinced, the polite smile on his face bleeding into a slight grimace. Hoseok expected the other to walk away then, but Jeongguk shook his head, grabbing the empty glass off the table. Tipped the pitcher of water into the glass."Drink."Hoseok gaped in disbelief, eyes darting nervously. "I don't need-""Drink the damn water, Hoseok."Hoseok hesitated, the sudden silence that washed over the table making his nerves squirm in discomfort. He muttered thanks, taking the glass with both hands. Jeongguk watched him unabashedly, cocking a dark brow. Hoseok quickly chugged the entire glass, washing down the lemony tang of the petals.“Uh, thank you.”Jeongguk nodded. Hoseok expected him to leave, but the younger was still glued to his spot. His eyes were completely focused on Hoseok, ignorant to the other two at the table. Hoseok wanted to shrink. He wondered what Jeongguk saw. Someone ugly. Someone dying. Both.“I’ll be home late tonight. Don’t wait up.” Jeongguk left then, the table flushed in silence.Taehyung's soft baritone broke it. "Was that him?”Hoseok looked down at his lap, coughing into his fist. He ripped the petal to shreds. "Yeah." He looked up in time to catch Taehyung and Yoongi sharing a look, some form of nonverbal communication passing between them.Hoseok frowned, sitting up a little straighter. "What?"Taehyung paused before grinning, uneasy. "Nothing, Hobi. Nothing."  Hoseok woke up a quarter past midnight, sweat dripping rapidly down his temples. His entire body was coated in it, sheets plastered to his skin uncomfortably like a sticky sap. He panicked, preparing to get hit with a heatstroke of rut as his grogginess faded away, but he was welcomed by a violent chill instead.It was freezing, as though the window had been left open. Each inhale made his ribs ache to the marrow. Hoseok clambered up on shaky knees, stumbling through the pitch blackness to the bathroom. He didn’t bother to flick on the light, the single window allowing enough eerie orange streetlight in for him to make out his own gaunt face in the mirror.The shadows beneath his eyes were darker, cheeks sunken in. Lips cracked and bleeding. He looked halfway to death, but it was nothing compared to the emptiness in his eyes. Lost depths stared back at him. He never knew his eyes could turn such a dark, lifeless colour.Rasping a breath, Hoseok ripped his eyes away from his dire reflection, hugging himself protectively against the cold draft oscillating through the apartment.The hardwood was ice cold on the soles of his feet, oddly sticky. Hoseok ignored it, navigating through the dark from memory. The kitchen tile was even colder as he reached past three-day-old takeout and a flat coke for a bottle of water.It was because of the pale fridge light illuminating the kitchen for a split minute that Hoseok noticed the silhouette of someone on the balcony. His heart pounded in a scare, the damp water bottle clutched to his chest threatened to slip.Jeongguk was leaning against the rusted railing, staring out at the starless sky with a stick of nicotine burning between his lips. A glass of something amber dangled from his free hand, the ice shrunken. The moon was high, the outline of his frame glowing with silvery light. Hoseok’s breath caught at the sight, his gasp hitching and stuttering before he tucked his head into his elbow to shield a cough. Nothing came up, but his lungs screamed in agony.Still, Hoseok wanted to stare a little more, lifting his head from the crook of his arm only to find Jeongguk staring back, a gold sheen in his dark eyes. Hoseok shuddered, intending to retreat when Jeongguk gave a miniscule flick of his head. Hoseok blinked, confused until Jeongguk’s eyes flashed with impatience as he repeated the gesture. Hoseok hesitated before he stepped out onto the balcony. It was colder than he thought, his breath instantly crystallizing in tiny puffs.Wordlessly, Jeongguk went back to staring at the nothingness, taking a sip from the tumbler. Hoseok stood on the opposite end, arms folded around himself as he dragged his eyes away from Jeongguk to the black, black night. It felt like he was staring into his reflection once again. What used to be bright and lit with stars and endless constellations was now dulled by light pollution and the dreary clouds of winter, empty of what made it alive.Hoseok wondered if there was ever a point when he did feel alive and not some hollow shell pretending to be.“You dance.” The sudden cut of Jeongguk’s voice in the quiet startled Hoseok. It wasn’t a question either; but a statement. “I saw one of your recorded performances on tape. Joonie hyung had them.” Right, of course. Jeongguk’s older brother and funny enough, Hoseok’s ex. They broke off on good terms after Hoseok admitted he wasn’t attracted to omegas. Sweet, intelligent Namjoon understood. That was before Hoseok had answered the ad on craigslist about someone searching for cohabitation. Little did he know.Damn, if only he knew.Hoseok hugged himself tighter, lips screwing up in distaste. “Danced. Past tense. I don’t anymore.”“Why not?”“Because.”“Because what?”Hoseok didn’t look at the other as he snapped, unconsciously digging his nails into his own biceps. “Why do you care?”It went quiet again. Hoseok shifted in discomfort, the chill getting to his skin, seeping into his pores.Glass scraped on the metal railing before halting in front of Hoseok. “Drink.”Hoseok’s eyes flitted to the male beside him whose deep-set eyes were unwavering as usual. Hoseok warily took the tumbler in both hands, pressing his lips to the rim for a small taste. It was whiskey, but somehow, Hoseok could taste Jeongguk’s scent laced in the already sharp, spicy savour. It warmed him from the inside, and greedy, he drunk a little more. And more, and more until only ice clinked in the glass.Hoseok sheepishly set it back down, licking his lips. They tingled pleasantly with heat. “S...Sorry.”Jeongguk only shook his head, mirth in his eyes as he magically produced a Jack Daniel’s bottle—noticeably half empty—from the pocket of his hoodie, refilling his glass. Hoseok laughed, quiet and subdued. Jeongguk returned a huff of amusement, lifting the glass to his own lips, a tiny smile on them.Hoseok stared at his lips, glistening with alcohol. He watched the bob of Jeongguk’s tattooed throat, his own suddenly parched. Hoseok swiftly cracked open his forgotten water bottle, taking desperate gulps. Jeongguk was still looking at him, arms folded and cigarette long stubbed out. The furrow of his dark brows was pondering, lips pressed grimly.“What did I do to make you hate me so much?”The words punched the little air that was left in Hoseok’s lungs. His eyes snapped to the younger alpha, bulging wide while Jeongguk’s unfathomable facade remained impenetrable.He laughed, emptily, humourlessly. I’m dying because of you, asshole, he wanted to say. “I don’t.”“Bullshit.”Hoseok glared across the railing, jaw set tight, pulsing. “I don’t.”“Then why don’t you like me?” Jeongguk reiterated, clearly with no intentions to back down. Hoseok shifted in discomfort, stubbornly averting his eyes to the moon, refusing to give into the other’s taunting. There was no plausible answer he could give, not one that wouldn’t expose his inner turmoil.“I could ask the same,” Hoseok snapped back, instantly biting his tongue.Jeongguk sighed, deep and annoyed. It went silent again, only the crickets chirping disturbing the peace. Hoseok sighed as the depressive air began to suffocate him. Thinking about the long hours he had to work tomorrow, Hoseok reached for the balcony lock.“I don’t hate you.” It was soft, whispered as though it were only a secret for the night.Hoseok paused. He wondered if Jeongguk could see his wide-eyed expression in the reflection of the window pane. Looking over his shoulder, the alpha wasn’t looking back. But they both know he heard. Hoseok opened his mouth; closed, opened and closed it again.He wordlessly reentered the apartment with a tight chest, briskly making way to his room.As he lay in bed, petals strewn in the most unromantic of ways, Hoseok cried himself to sleep, lungs tender and ribs sore. Liar.



Chapter End Notes

Tumblr

Twitter
Makuo © 2018


Tear
Chapter Notes
status: edited -mak

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Hey Hobi, will you close up for me?” Seokjin rushed out in the midst of pulling on his pale pink parka, weaving between cherrywood tables. Hoseok watched his boss in bemusement from his post draped over the quartz countertop. Looking outside, it was a fair evening despite the winter season. The air was frigid and icy, the skies overcast with wispy grey clouds. Time was passing later and later, the streets filling with homebound traffic.Hoseok blinked sleepily at the voice penetrating his senseless thoughts, meeting the honey brown eyes of his boss who was looking at him. Hoseok snapped upright, lashes fluttering rapidly. “Wuh-What?”Seokjin huffed in exasperation as he continued to trek throughout the quaint shop, murmuring nonsense beneath his breath, tapping his tinted pink lips. He stopped at Hoseok’s blubbering, deadpanning at the alpha across the room. His chiding look diminished at the clear shadows beneath Hoseok’s eyes and the hollow sink of his cheeks. “On second thought, why don’t you go home?”Hoseok shook his head, waving his hands dismissively. “Don’t worry hyung, I’ve got everything under control.”“I don’t want to leave you alone Hobi. Especially when you’re sick.”“I’m fine. It’s just a cold.” Lies.“Did you take any medicine?”“Yup.” No.Seokjin stared at the other testily, clearly unconvinced. Clearing his throat, Hoseok skidded around the counter, hands flapping hurriedly at his boss before he could be exposed. “Go, go. Leave and don’t worry about me.” Seokjin spluttered in protest as Hoseok pushed him towards the exit. He caught his pristine Doc Martin in the crook of the door, squinting down at the younger alpha. Hoseok fought hard not to curl under the scrutiny, pursing his lips at the older man.“Don’t forget to water the flowers.”“Okay.”“And put the cakes in the fridge.”“Alright.”“Restock the—”“Hyung!” Hoseok stomped, pouting. The door swung closed behind Seokjin, his high-pitched laughter squeaking away into the distance as he strode along the sidewalk. Hoseok waited until the bright pink coat was out of sight before he reseated himself behind the register, falling lazily over the counter to stew in his thoughts.
I don’t hate you.
In the complete silence of the shop, Hoseok’s mocking laughter echoed tauntingly. He burrowed his face into the crook of his arm as his tear ducts burned (he was shocked he still had them at this point). For the umpteenth time, he’d cried himself to sleep last night, laying in a bed made of hopelessness, heartache and the personification of his own stupid pining. Cleaning up the mess of petals without seeming suspicious was a challenge, but Hoseok found he didn’t need to sneak around.Not when he found Jeongguk sprawled on the sofa, the once half-empty bottle of Jack Daniels drank dry and tipped over by the coffee table. Like the lovestruck fool he was, Hoseok failed to resist the temptation to ogle. Jeongguk was dangling off the sofa that was nearly too small for his buff frame; arranging him seemed only polite in Hoseok’s humble opinion.Until an alarm went off and Jeongguk darted straight from the dead. It took everything in Hoseok not to scream as he scrambled back to his room to flush the petals and make himself look a bit more alive before work.Jeongguk was gone by the time he got out of the shower, the Jack Daniels bottle missing. Hoseok would be lying if he said he was surprised. Somehow, he figured Jeongguk was not a fan of confrontation or being vulnerable. Only by that thought did Hoseok realize Jeongguk would never share a drink with him, much less a word if he hadn’t been under the influence of alcohol.Which meant they were right back to square one. Bickering, bantering, featuring resent with a fresh, piping bowl of hostility.Releasing an oppressive breath, Hoseok snatched the misting spray from the garden shelf, shuffling about towards the plants and flowers sprouting on the shop’s window sill. He delicately moistened the soil for each precious bud, humming precariously under his breath. The daffodils, the tulips. The gardenia and lavender.The rose. Hoseok’s humming waned as he thumbed the flower’s petals. He’d taken it to Seokjin the first time he’d coughed it up. Claiming it was a rarity to be found so far east, Seokjin had been delighted to take it into his collection. Oh, but little did he know…Hoseok laughed, gently flicking the white-red petals of the very bane of his existence. “You know, you’re pretty but a pain in the ass to clean up.”The blossom fluttered, preening as Hoseok sprayed it down. The water drops rolled off its sleek petals before plopping into the soil bed. Rolling his eyes, Hoseok sniffled, coughing into his fist. Cars crawled along the two-way roads, traffic backed up to timbuktu. Thankfully, Hoseok only had to walk a few blocks to the train or bus station and catch the forty-four to his side of the city.That or he could just walk. Fewer people to interact with. Maybe he should take another stroll on the Han or go through the park.
Buzz!
Hoseok jumped at the vibration his pocket, fishing for his cell with a racing heart.
TaeBear:
Psst! Need a ride home?
As soon as Hoseok went to type no the sky opened up and a flurry of white rained down. He cursed the indecisive winter weather, debating whether to throw his phone or the spray bottle for his shitty luck.
You:
Please
  During the entire ride halfway across the city, Hoseok prayed to whatever god or goddess listening that Jeongguk wouldn’t be home. At the sight of the latter’s matte black Iron 883 tilted on the curb, Hoseok felt bile rise in the back of his throat. He swallowed it down, staring up at his own apartment building that seemed unwelcoming of his return.Taehyung cut the engine, the car’s purr fading away into a tense silence.“Want me to walk you up there?” Taehyung muttered softly, taking the other’s hand.“No, I’m okay.” With a small smile and a peck on the cheek, Hoseok climbed out of the car, overstuffed duffel on his shoulder. Taehyung gave him a sceptical look, but Hoseok avidly shook him off, unmoving from the sidewalk until the beta’s cobalt blue Beetle pulled from the curb.Hoseok couldn’t remember a time when climbing the stairs was so tough. At one point he could do it by twos without a problem. Now, each flight was torture. Tiny knives pierced through his thighs, his lungs burned with pants too loud to his own ears and his throat was beyond parched. Having an elevator-less apartment building was never a problem until now.That was the least of Hoseok’s worries. He wondered if Jeongguk even realised he was gone, if he even cared. A part of Hoseok hoped he did a little bit, even though he knew the alpha could give a rat’s ass about him.
I don’t hate you.
Hoseok stopped at the top of the stairs, doubled over with sweat dripping down his pasty skin, a hand clutched to his chest as his heart beat erratically.
Yeah, right.
Unlocking the door took a few trials, shaky fingers fumbling, but when he did, stepping into the foyer, Hoseok was knocked in the face with the thick scent of cocoa and cinnamon. He gently shut the door to keep his arrival as unannounced as possible, leaning against the frame to take a few indulging inhales of Jeongguk’s intense scent. A pleased pink fell across Hoseok’s cheeks, his bated breaths easing into deep sighs as the alpha’s essence calmed him. He knew Jeongguk’s scent was strong, but it was never like this.Hoseok stumbled a bit toeing off his shoes, dropping the duffel by the coat closet, but he sufficed well enough, dragging himself out of the foyer and into the living room.And there was Jeongguk, sprawled out on the sofa again. His long limbs hung off in the wildest of ways, blanket nearly on the floor. His jet black locks looked soft, product free and rumpled, nose scrunched even in his sleep. Hoseok’s heart hurt in a good and bad way, a small voice urging him to slip into the space between Jeongguk’s arm and the sofa as though it’d been purposefully opened for someone to fill.He imagined doing just that, Jeongguk protectively holding him tighter with his sinewy, tattooed arms. Breathing tired puffs onto his ear or neck. Even though Hoseok was extremely ticklish, he wouldn't mind the embrace if it meant—“Oh. Hello.”Hoseok snapped out of his daydream. There was a rather petite man standing in the hallway arc. His mute brown locks were bedraggled, chubby cheeks swelled with sleep. His lips were swollen too, rosy pink, but Hoseok couldn't tell if it was natural or not. And he was only dressed in a graphic tee that was obviously too big for his frame, falling just below his ruddy knees. At first glance, he looked like the average male omega.Until Hoseok caught a whiff of something familiar and perpetually alpha.As realisation dawned on Hoseok, the energy to be hostile never erupted, body far too spent to express his contempt as his insides began to boil in anger and jealousy. Shockingly calm, he managed a semi-polite smile. “Hi, I’m Jeongguk’s roommate.”The stranger grinned, bright and admittedly pretty. How could Hoseok ever compete with that? “I’m Jimin. You’ve gotta be Hoseok, right?”Blink. “How do you know my name?”Jimin jeered. “Gukkie talks about you a lot.” He cocked his hips, annoyingly pink lips pursed in a sly leer. “You know, you’re pretty cute.”“Oh,” Hoseok twisted his fingers into the hem of his sweater, lips screwed oddly. He wasn’t sure how to take that. With an awkward chuckle, he escaped to the kitchen to tend to the dehydrated itch in the depths of his throat. There was water but he found a bottle of unopened pink milk in the fridge door and cheered to himself, sticking the straw in to sip languidly as he perched on the counter.Jimin followed him after a while, fastening the button to his jeans. Hoseok’s brows disappeared beneath his fringe, shoulders tensing in discomfort.Jimin eyed him sneakily, helping himself to a bottle of water. “So, how come you and Guk have never fucked?”Hoseok spat milk all over his creme sweater. He scowled at the other, but there was no hiding the red in his ears since they stuck out from his beanie. “Not everyone’s preferences are the same.”“Really now?” Jimin’s grin only grew. He was short, but his confidence was no joke. Hoseok fought the urge to scoot back the closer the alpha got. “That’s too bad. You look like a screamer.”Affronted, Hoseok slid off the counter to shove Jimin back. The latter stepped forward, caging Hoseok against the marble.“Excuse me.”The alpha hummed, sniffing. “Guk’s right. You do smell good.”Hoseok’s brain short-wired, his hostile front weakening. “H-He thinks I smell good?”“Mhm,” Hoseok didn’t notice when Jimin’s hands fell to his waist. The former was too dazed by the news that set his stomach aflutter. Jimin leaned up, lips brushing Hoseok’s flaming ears. The closeness of their bodies only pushed Hoseok into a corner of discomfort, but the squeeze of Jimin’s fingers on Hoseok’s hips made him a little lightheaded. Not because of Jimin, per se. But because the shirt he was wearing was soiled with Jeongguk’s scent. A second is all it took for Hoseok to imagine it was Jeongguk holding him so close. Jeongguk kissing along the elvish curve of his ear, nipping the lobe with blunt teeth. Jeongguk slipping one of his thick thighs in between Hoseok’s thinner ones, pulling a desperate whine from his throat. Jeongguk, Jeongguk, Jeongguk.“Jimin.” The deep growl drew Hoseok from his thoughts. Jeongguk would’ve been adorable in his sleep-ragged state if it weren’t for the bright amber of his eyes and the twisted snarl of his lips. Hoseok shouldered away from Jimin, shame colouring his neck and cheeks in patches of rose.“I was just teasing him, Guk.” Jimin pouted, the sudden epitome of innocence.“Go home,” Jeongguk spoke to Jimin but his eyes were fixed to Hoseok. The latter was immobile, inwardly hating himself for getting too carried away with his thoughts. Giving Jeongguk another reason to hate him.Jimin shrugged, throwing a wink Hoseok’s way before leaving. The apartment was plunged into a sudden stillness, the atmosphere instantly tight and raving with Jimin’s absence.Hoseok wanted to cry. “I’m—”Jeongguk rummaged the refrigerator, grabbing a water for himself. It slammed shut without a care, Jeongguk whirling on his heels and out of the kitchen. Like a neglected pup Hoseok followed, limping into the foyer where Jeongguk was already pulling on his shoes.Hoseok hesitated. “W-Wait—”“What?” Jeongguk snapped, the gold in his eyes only blazing brighter.Hoseok’s instinct was to bristle under the projecting alpha. But he held back, knowing this was his fault. “I’m sorry.”“Sorry?”“H-He came onto me and I-I-”“You liked it.”The words slapped Hoseok across the face. “What?”Jeongguk’s head cocked slightly to the side. Any other moment it may have been endearingly cute, but the gesture was aggressive, the lines of his shoulders and back pulled tautly. He turned abruptly and Hoseok flinched as the alpha advanced in long strides, backing the other against the wall. “I can smell you, Hoseok. Just like the other night.”Dumbfounded, Hoseok only stared in disbelief. “What? I-I—”“You want to fuck him, don’t you?”“No!” Hoseok reeled, voice echoing in the foyer. His head felt light from the raised decibel. “I don’t—I don’t want him.”Jeongguk slammed a hand against the wall, potentially denting the plaster, anger spiking. He’d always had a temper. “You’re lying.”“I don’t!” Hoseok felt like he was climbing the stairs all over again, knees shaking and ribs too tight. “I want—” He stopped.“You want what?” Jeongguk growled, only heating up Hoseok further. The latter didn’t realise he was panting until it was silent again, the air crackling with tension. Jeongguk was standing much too close for Hoseok to handle; he could scent rootbeer on his breath. Tempted, he couldn’t help to lean in, entranced.He didn’t expect Jeongguk to recoil back.There were no words to describe the pain that shot through Hoseok’s heart at the very clear sign of rejection. Right. Jeongguk didn’t want him. He had someone already.I don’t hate you. Yeah, right.Tears blurred his vision, as hot and angry as the rage bubbling up from deep within. It was Hoseok’s turn to glare with golden eyes as he shoved the frigid alpha back. “Fuck you.” He snarled in a watery voice. Hoseok stormed out of the apartment into the bitter, snowy winter night. And he did what he did best.He ran.  It was a full moon tonight. She was hidden behind wispy grey clouds that sprinkled snow over the city. The thin branches creaked in the breeze, snow sitting upon them. Hoseok stared up at the sky emptily, numb. Empty soju bottles were scattered about him as he lay curled in a tiny, tiny ball in a bed of snow that seeped into his sweater. He hadn't grabbed his coat or his shoes. He shivered, welcoming the cold. The music coming faintly from his slowly dying phone speaker helped to soothe his idle mind.Though most of the credit had to go to the valium he kept on stock at work. He’d found it on accident and what a wonderful accident it was; downing the tiny white tablets with a few gulps of bitter, foul alcohol. A poisonous combination. Yet, Hoseok found himself in a monochrome paradise, inexplicably and deliciously numb. He wasn’t sure how many he took, the copper-coloured bottle still uncapped in the snow, missing more than a few pills. Hoseok smiled dopily. It would probably explain why he couldn’t move, too weak to do any more than lift a finger.Which was alright. Right now, he’d rather feel nothing, than anything at all.While his body shut down, his mind still found time to run amuck. He wasn’t thinking about his death or his family. Nor his non-existent future or his friends.He thought about big bunny teeth and twinkling gold eyes. He thought about intricate, black ink twisting artfully on strong, thick arms. He thought about a honeyed yet deep tenor whispering nothings into his ear, holding him. Hoseok only wanted to be held at that moment. To be protected from a cruel, dark world and to know he was safe in the arms of his lover. Of his mate.Hoseok chuckled, lifting a hand to grab another valium as his vision blurred. He needed more. He wasn’t numb enough.The music cut abruptly as the cell phone rang. Hoseok breathed wearily, head too heavy to look and see who was calling. He took a chance, sliding the green button and laying the cell on his cold, numb ear.“Hello.”
”...Hobi?”
That deep, sweet voice that could only belong to one person. Hoseok sniffed, a weak smile finding his lips as his voice wobbled. “Hi, Joonie.””Aw,” Namjoon cooed softly, genuine. They hadn’t worked out, but sometimes Hoseok wished they had. Namjoon had always seen through him. Namjoon knew what he needed most. ”Hobi, honey, can you tell me where you are?”Hoseok blinked, only making out a worthless white wonderland through his blurring vision. “I don’t know.”
”Then what are you doing?
“Laying in the snow...Looking at the stars.”A muffled voice—no, voices—in the background. Hoseok was too weak to care. Too cold. Petals crumbled all around him. Blood blooming in the snow, staining his lips. Hoseok couldn't withhold the sob that slipped past them. “Joonie…”The line crackled. ”Yes love?”“Do you love me?”
”Of course. You know that.”
Hoseok shuddered a sigh, eyelids too heavy to keep open. It was nice to hear. “I love you too. And Taetae. And Yoongi.” He paused. “And Jeongguk, even though he h-hates me.”Silence. ”What do you mean Hobi?”Oh, right. Hoseok giggled, his mind a whirl of nonsense. “Petals, Joonie, petals. They’re pretty though.”A sharp gasp shook the line. ”Hoseok—” Namjoon was cut off, static cracking in Hoseok’s ear. He traced irregular shapes into the snow, his better sense of judgement utterly diluted by drugs and booze.
”Hoseok, where are you?”
“Jeongguk?” Hoseok sighed wistfully, hugging his knees. He didn’t connect the voice to pain. Only happiness, joy fluttering in his heart. “Stargazing. You should come watch with me.”The chatter in the background went silent, a door opening and closing. The rush of wind. An engine starting up. Jeongguk’s voice was ten times softer, smooth and lilting in Hoseok’s ear. ”I am, but you need to tell me where you are first.”Hoseok pouted, lidded eyes searching for some sort of destination marker. There was a frozen pond a few feet away. The tree he lay beneath was dressed in pale pink flowers that looked white in the moonlight. “There’s a duck pond,” He sniffed into his thin scarf. “And a pretty tree with rope looking flower things.”Jeongguk chuckled softly over the line. ”Okay. Just stay put, alright?”“M’kay.”  Hoseok perked at the sound of boots crunching on snow. His swollen eyes cracked open in time to catch a silhouette ascending the slight hill he was curled on. The phone had slid into the snow, half buried as Hoseok was, the screen beeping red where the caller had hung up.“Fuck...Hoseok.” A sad, forlorn voice called.Hoseok looked up, breath catching. There Jeongguk stood, illuminated by the incandescent full moon. Laying there with pale, pale skin and blue lips, Hoseok thought dying right then and there with the sight painted onto the back of his eyelids was the best way to go.“H-Hey,” Hoseok’s teeth chattered, body too cold to move.Jeongguk sighed, slipping off his thick black coat. “Let’s go home, okay?”“N-no!” Hoseok pouted or at least attempted too. He couldn’t quite feel his lips. “You said you’d stargaze with me.”“Hoseok…”“Please?”At the desperate look in Hoseok eyes, Jeongguk caved. He plopped down against the thick cherry blossom tree trunk, effortlessly pulling Hoseok’s slight, weightless body into his lap after wrapping him in the thick coat. Hoseok shuddered at the abrupt change in temperature, giddy with the feeling of Jeongguk’s arms circled around his waist, clasped tight. He pressed his flushed cheek into the alpha’s scalding chest, smiling happily.“I know you’re not the real Jeongguk, but this is nice.”Jeongguk blinked at the other’s serene face; the tiny, sad smile on his lips. “What makes you think I’m not real?”“Real Jeongguk doesn’t like me.”Jeongguk paused. “Why do you think that?”Hoseok sniffed, little nose red and runny. The scarf wasn’t helping too much. “He said he doesn’t hate me. But he has a mate already.”Jeongguk pulled the coat lapel as far over Hoseok’s face as he could, staring out at the white coating the nature park. “He doesn’t have a mate.”“He doesn’t?”“No,” Jeongguk muttered, breaths curling visibly white. “He’s still waiting for one.”“Oh.” Hoseok slurred, no longer shuddering terribly. But he was quivering, frozen teardrops trickling down his freezing cheeks. His aching fingers folded into Jeongguk’s sweater, sniffs turning into muffled cries.“Why’re you crying?”“I don’t k-know.” The valium had yet to wear off, nor the gratuitous amounts of alcohol. The petals. The blood. He was drunk, inebriated, far past tipsy. Still, the words eloquently found a way to leave Hoseok’s mouth. “What will it take for you to love me?”Jeongguk stared at the overturned bottle of pills, at the sheer quantity missing from them. When he gazed at Hoseok, it was full of pity and sadness. Disdain.But there was something else there. Something Hoseok’s sludge mess of a brain couldn’t decipher.Jeongguk sighed, tugging Hoseok’s beanie down over his frostbitten ears. “No one can love you if you can’t love yourself.”“I do.”“You don’t. You hate yourself, and I don’t understand why.“I don’t hate myself...I hate what I am.” Saying the words lifted a life-long weight off of Hoseok’s tender shoulders. There were always cases about omegas who hated their status. Betas and the like. But no one wanted to hear complaints from an alpha. He was supposed to be strong, protective. His mom told him so. His dad made sure of it. Growing up only developed a keen sense of denial and self-loathing in the bottomless depths of Hoseok’s heart. Hate filled the cavern with darkness until it seeped and bled over the edges. “No one wants to coddle an alpha.”Soft, understanding. “You don’t have to be an omega or a beta to be cared for, Hoseok.” The latter went silent, trembling lower lip rolling between his chattering teeth. “Besides, your mate should love you for you. Not for your status. If they can’t look past that, they don’t deserve you.”Hoseok giggled, nuzzling his cheek against Jeongguk’s warm, firm chest. “You sound like Joonie.”Jeongguk laughed, open and unabashed. “Well, credit to him I guess.” Silence washed over them, the wind blowing lightly, sending snow dancing in a flurry of twisters. Hoseok breaths slowly evened out, but his eyes stayed on the open sky and the glittering stars twinkling aeons of aeons away.“Jeongguk?” Hoseok murmured, grip tightening and loosening in the younger’s threadbare sweater.“Hm?”“I wanna go home now.”Jeongguk stood, coaxing Hoseok to climb onto his back. Too weak to protest, Hoseok draped himself over the broad expanse, knees tucked beneath Jeongguk’s ribs where the latter grabbed a hold of his slim thighs, leaving footprints in the snow. “Let’s make a deal.”Hoseok hesitated. “What kind of deal?”“Value yourself more, Hoseok. You’re more than just a status. If you don’t want to do alpha things, then don’t do them. I’m not gonna judge you, hell,” Jeongguk shook his head, lips curled in bemusement. “I’m the last person to judge.”Hoseok gnawed his lower lip, the haze just barely clearing. It sounded too good to be true. He wanted to hope.But hope was a fickle thing.“I’ll...I’ll try.”Jeongguk smiled, looking over his shoulder. Hoseok was dumbstruck at the starry night reflected in his round orbs.“That’s a start.”



Chapter End Notes

Tumblr
  Twitter Makuo © 2018


Euphoria
Chapter Notes
all mistakes are mine.enjoy.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





The crowd was made of many. A sea of indigo uniforms surrounded Hoseok. The alpha locker room was narrow, no more than a four feet distance between each row of rusted, grey lockers. Hard and cold they pressed into Hoseok’s back, silhouette upon silhouette cascading ominously from above him; he’d always been a small alpha.

Not the others, the ones who tried harder to play. The ones who wolf-whistled after the nearest omega with their tongues hanging from their mouths. The ones who took pride in their status.

They were snickering, menacing laughter bouncing off the walls. Hoseok’s glare was weak, but his fingers were tight as he hugged himself protectively from the rough shoves coming from all angles.

The roughest sent his shoulder slamming into the locker, a sharp pain shooting through the limb.

Cold, fair eyes glared down at him with all the hate in the world. Suddenly, he was on hard tile instead of in a sweaty, steamy locker room. His jaw throbbed as if someone caressed it brutally with their knuckles. Chest tight as though someone kicked it in.

His mother sat a ways away, sobbing into her hands. Cowering.

”Dad—” The crack of flesh meeting flesh, Hoseok’s entire left cheek going up into flames. Copper on his tongue.

”You’re no son of mine.”
 Cracking swollen, sleep shut eyes open to the dreary grey light of a winter morning peering through rickety blinds was nothing new to Hoseok. The agony of a thousand hammers pounding away mercilessly at his skull, the ache sitting in every crook and cranny of his body, deep into his marrow. The bitter, foul taste of stale alcohol caked on his tongue tangling with the sourness of heavy slumber. Disgusting as it was, none of it was new for him. It was the heavy black comforter wrapped intimately about his legs. The ultra-soft pillow beneath his head. The messy desk, keyboard hidden beneath stacks of papers and ink cartridges. It was those things that were unfamiliar.It was the thick, heady scent of Jeongguk drifting all around him that was foreign. It wafted from the sweater. The bed. The entire room.More than a little discombobulated, Hoseok didn’t fully register reality as he sunk deeper into the sheets, fingers curling into the soft polyester as he drunk in the alpha’s signature musk. It warmed his soul, bringing a pale pink to his cheeks and a soft smile on his lips.Mmm, Jeongguk’s room...Wait.Through the haze of his sleep-logged mind, he conjured up blurred images from last night's events. The valium. The alcohol. Namjoon. Jeongguk.Jeongguk.Hoseok felt hot and cold at once. He tugged at his hair with muffled screams, kicking his feet in a mild temper tantrum before rolling onto his back to stare up at the thin cracks running along the serrated ceiling. Jeongguk had been the one to flinch away from his advances but turned back around to play knight in shining armour. The realisation pushed Hoseok into a bout of confusion; why was the boy such a walking contradiction?Head screaming at the vexing thoughts, Hoseok dragged himself out of the bed, sulking to the bathroom to rid of the taste of piss poor soju and the residue of lethal pills. Flicking on the switch he was met with a much cleaner version of himself. He wasn’t wearing his snow-drenched uniform or his beanie. The blood and grime had been wiped from his lips, dark hair soft and limp from shampoo. Though his eyes were still swollen, his cheeks a little slim from consuming no more than store-bought ramyeon every other day, he didn’t look as bad as he felt. But the sweater had to be the icing on the cake. It was a thin material the colour of pine. The collar curved low beneath his collarbones, the sleeves hanging a tad past his fingertips, hem halting just above the knees of his threadbare sweats. “G’morning.”Hoseok jumped at the voice disturbing the silence, whipping around at the stealthy Jeongguk obscuring the doorframe. For once, the space between them was awkward rather than terse. A true commodity. Hoseok swallowed, fingers instinctively curling into his palms. “I’m, uh...I’m sorry about yesterday. I was,” He laughed, rubbing his overheated nape. There was no excuse that could roll off his tongue that’d justify his stupid, reckless behaviour. He said as much, gaze adverted to his feet. “It was stupid.”“It was.” Pause. “Are you hungry?”Hoseok’s head snapped up, eyes rounding. His lips quivered to grin, but Hoseok rolled them between his teeth, nodding tightly. “Yeah. Yeah, let me just brush my teeth.”Jeongguk smiled. It was closed lipped and small but it still set off the butterflies in Hoseok’s stomach. “Okay.” Vigorously brushing away the foul stench from his mouth, Hoseok trudged into the kitchen five minutes later. Jeongguk was at the quaint table they used for dining, camera parts scattered in front of him. At the soft padding of bare feet on tile, the younger looked up, doe eyes inquisitive. On the other side of Jeongguk was a bowl of steaming oatmeal, topped with cranberries and nuts; and a bottle of strawberry milk. Hesitant, Hoseok lowered himself into the seat across from Jeongguk, meeting the younger’s pensive gaze. Those dark, starry eyes. His chest stirred and tightened, Hoseok waited for the gross hacking and choking. Nothing came up.“I didn’t poison it, you know.”Hoseok pursed his lips, reaching for the milk first. He ripped open the straw and shoved it into the aluminium, satisfied by the thick, frothy strawberry flavour gliding chill and tasty down his throat. “I called your boss. He gave you the rest of the week off.”Hoseok jolted. “Why-”“Your foods getting cold.”Pouting, Hoseok picked up his spoon, shoving it into his mouth. The oats were sweet with cream but spicy with cinnamon and nutmeg, not too soggy and not to firm. Just right.Hungrier than he expected, Hoseok scoffed down every morsel, licking the remnants off his spoon until it clattered in the empty bowl.Jeongguk was staring at him.Resisting the urge to flush under the mirthful curl of Jeongguk’s lips, Hoseok stared back with a scowl. “What?”“Your dimples show when you eat.”“...Yeah?”“It’s cute.”Oh. Hoseok hated the feeling of his ears growing hot and his cheeks hotter. No matter how nice it felt; how the words warmed his insides, it just wasn’t...something wasn’t right. The Jeongguk Hoseok knew would never say something like that, much less make him breakfast. Why was he suddenly so caring and open? Tongue-tied and a little more than miffed, Hoseok rose to his feet, collecting the bowl and making his way to the kitchen.Noting the shift in mood, Jeongguk followed, sighing under his breath. “What’s wrong?”Hoseok dropped the dishes into the sink, shrugging softly. “Nothing.”Jeongguk huffed in exasperation. “Do you not want me to call you cute?”“I don’t want you to say it if you don’t mean it,” Hoseok muttered, glancing at the boy from his peripheral. Jeongguk stared back, handsome features contorting.“Did what I say last night mean anything to you?”Hoseok threw Jeongguk an accusing glare, the tremble in his heart a little more painful than he’d like. “Of course it did. Everything you say means something to me. It means everything to me. Which is why I’m asking you,” Hoseok sighed, dropping the cloth he’d been mindlessly folding. He raked at his locks in distress, eyes clenched. “I’m begging you not to lead me on just because you feel bad.” Jeongguk’s jaw ticked steadily, eyes suddenly hard. “You think I feel bad?” Roughly, the words erupted from his chest, flecks of gold dancing in Jeongguk’s chestnut brown irises. “You’re sick, Hoseok. What else do you expect me to do, neglect you?”“You’re not supposed to care,” Hoseok snapped, fists hidden in the long sleeves of his sweater. “How can I get over you if you’re pretending like everything's normal?” Jeongguk stepped aside as Hoseok sped past, slowly working himself up.“Hold on,” Jeongguk’s sudden bruising grip on Hoseok’s wrist had the latter teetering backwards, eyes wide at the painful twist. “I never asked you to get over me.”Hoseok growled, snatching his wrist back to cradle the limb. “You didn’t have to. When I tried to kiss you, you pulled back.” The waver in Jeongguk’s irritated features said enough to Hoseok. Huffing, he turned to leave again only to stumble back as Jeongguk reclaimed his wrist, spinning the other around.The sharp scent of cocoa and vanilla bean intertwined, sending goosebumps rising on Hoseok’s flesh. The alpha instincts he fought to suppress flared up abruptly, frustration and emotional distraught poisoning his attitude. “Don’t. Touch me.”“Kiss me.”Hoseok’s stupid, traitorous heart skipped wildly. He scowled at the alpha, tugging futilely at his captured wrist. “You’re not funny, let me go.”The wall trembled with the impact of Hoseok’s spine colliding with it. He winced, gasp caught in his throat at the airtight press of Jeongguk’s firm, sculpted body against his own. Hoseok’s brain short-circuited at the pheromones engulfing him, sending his senses into overdrive. He could smell—taste—the creamer on Jeongguk’s breath, mingling with the ripe berries fresh on his own. Like the whipped fool he was, Hoseok lost his mind a little, nearly forgetting what it was they were arguing about in the first place. It was hard to remember with Jeongguk pinning his wrists to the drywall, so close he could feel the feather-light brush of Jeongguk’s lips. “Let me go.” The words came out weak, almost whispered from Hoseok’s quivering lips. His lungs felt tight, breaths uneven and generous.Jeongguk’s golden gaze fixed onto Hoseok’s, face the mirror of vexation. “Hoseok…”
”He doesn’t have a mate...He’s still waiting for one.”

It’s not you. It’ll never be you.
With every ounce of his depleting strength, Hoseok pressed his cheek into the wall, eyes fixed on the empty air. He can’t find a mate with you in the way. You love him, don’t stop him from being happy.“I don’t want to.”Still, the graze of Jeongguk’s lips along the small curve of his ear left Hoseok weak in the knees. The bite of his tone, however, sent an icy shudder down his spine. “Liar.”Jeongguk left the air around Hoseok cold and empty as he breezed from the kitchenette. Hoseok stayed pinned by invisible hands, eyes fluttering shut as a lump formed in his throat. He waited for the click of the front door before allowing himself to slide down the rough wallpaper, coughing a single petal onto the crooked tile. The shower spray was scalding on Hoseok’s skin, colouring it red in patches. He let it steadily beat down on his back, head lax against the tile in the narrow space. It was way past sunset and Jeongguk had yet to return home. It unsettled Hoseok, considering the alpha hadn’t grabbed his bookbag for class, nor his wallet, forgotten on the table. Numerous times Hoseok considered dialling, but something told him Jeongguk wouldn’t answer. Hoseok blamed himself this time around, but couldn’t help but feel justified. His heart was all for it, but doubt whispered the implausibility of the situation. People couldn’t—didn’t—change overnight. So what happened? Slouched on the sofa, Hoseok had contemplated the amalgam of encounters between them in the past twenty-four hours. The words. The touches. He’d gently grazed a finger over his lips that tingled with the phantom caress of Jeongguk’s pretty, plush lips. The pure strength rippling beneath hard inked muscle. His eyes, deep. Fathomless...The faucet squeaked as the beating water turned into a trickle. Dripping with rapidly cooling water that slid down his skin, Hoseok stepped out of the steamy cubicle, wiping at the fogged over mirror to glare at his reflection in pure contempt. There were no curves to his figure, no soft flesh along his chest. Alpha hormones shaped his body into definite lines and lean, even muscle. The planes of his stomach were flat, hip bones narrow and sharp. Thighs contoured with subtle muscle rather than supple and pretty flesh. Hoseok didn’t let his gaze travel any farther, bitterly patting himself dry and pulling on a pair of soft, cotton yellow briefs and one of the larger, creme sweaters that dropped just at the waistband of his underwear. Towel drying his damp hair, Hoseok leisurely scrolled through his notifications. He wasn’t surprised to find a majority of them from those he called close friends. The whopping number of calls from Taehyung and Yoongi combined was enough to unsettle him. Coward he was, Hoseok couldn’t talk to them yet, let alone face them. How disappointed would they be? The shrill ring of the doorbell drifted through the flat. Quickly, Hoseok shuffled across the hardwood, fumbling with the lock to nearly unhinge the door in his haste.“Jeon—Oh.”Of all people, Jimin stood in the doorway dressed a little too spiffy for the time of night. A maroon silk blouse beneath a black blazer. Lips stained rose and eyes rimmed in kohl. But there was a flush to his cheeks, as though wherever he’d been was hot and crowded; his hair was a little deflated too, curls telling of a once primped and neat style. Yet he still seemed like an omega if it weren’t for his confident smirk and ginger scent. With a twinge of envy, Hoseok unconsciously blocked the entryway. Jimin’s smirk grew. “Well, can I come in?”Hostility instantly worked its way into Hoseok’s demeanour, a frown adorning his lips. “Jeongguk isn’t here.”“I know. I wanted to speak with you.”“What for?”“I’ll tell you if you’d let me in, please? Honestly, climbing those stairs killed my feet.”More so wanting to get rid of the alpha than feeling pity for him (he knew all too well the struggles of huffing and puffing up those cursed stairs) Hoseok opened the door wider, allowing the petite alpha to stroll in. Jimin did so casually, as though he were used to it. He probably was. Gods know how many times Jeongguk brought him over. Hoseok had only caught them together twice.
How many more times do you think you’ll find them?
Instantly bristling, Hoseok folded his arms over his chest, negligent to the cold air raising goose pimples on his bare thighs. Jimin wandered the flat aimlessly and Hoseok refused to sit down, wary of the strange but no doubt mischievous alpha.“Jeongguk told me what happened. Are you alright?” Softer and gentler than Hoseok expected, Jimin cast him a look of sincerity. Scowling in shame more than scorn, Hoseok turned his glare to the drawn curtains. It was dark but clear outside, moonlight bouncing off flurries drifting from the night sky. The second night in a row. A blizzard had to be on the uprise. “I’m fine. I can handle myself.”Passive. “Mm.” Offended, Hoseok narrowed his eyes. “What was that supposed to mean?”Jimin shrugged, fingers grazing the back of the sofa as he rounded it in short, purposeful strides. Each step of his polished combats thudded lightly on the oakwood until he stood before Hoseok who kept his chin high and face cross. Unblinking, Jimin stared, face schooled into a slack indifference that reminded Hoseok painfully of a certain alpha. “Even though you’re an alpha, I think you need someone to take care of you.”A sudden spike of alpha-driven anger had Hoseok’s voice raising a tad too loud for the dead silent apartment. “How would you know what I—”“I think you want someone to take care of you.” And like that, the anger depleted, dripping black from Hoseok’s veins, onto the floor while his insecurities and anxieties replaced them. “Jeongguk always talked about how you acted. Always drinking, ignoring him. I thought for a while that you were an asshole, tried to get him to roommate with me instead.” Jimin clucked his tongue, hands braced on his hips. Despite being confused, Hoseok hung onto the wrong details instead.
Jimin? Jeongguk? Roommates?
“P-Please don’t take him from me,” Hoseok blurted, slapping his hands to his face as soon as the words fell from his traitorous mouth.Jimin batted his eyes in surprise before he cooed a giggle of amusement, warm fingertips brushing Hoseok’s jaw. “Don’t worry, I didn’t intend to. Actually, I’m sorry. It must’ve been really rough, huh?”Tongue like lead in his mouth, Hoseok didn’t trust himself to speak anymore, resorting to staring wide-eyed at the alpha who suddenly seemed less menacing as Hoseok took him out to be. “If anything, I understand.” Jimin sighed, carding a hand through his already dishevelled locks. “People always talk about the omegas who have difficulties struggling with accepting themselves. No one wants to talk about the alphas who suffer too. Like it’s taboo or something. Since we’re alphas, we’re supposed to live with it, you know? We have to suck it up to live in this cruel world.” Jimin was sneering at nothing, his own words firing up his mood; flecks of gold flickered in his eyes. Jimin closed them with a sigh, allowing a contemplative silence to blanket over them.“When you hate yourself so much and hate what you are,” Hoseok murmured, once crossed arms now limp at his sides, fingers curling into the hem of his cosy sweater. “It’s hard to believe if anyone really cares or loves you. If they’re looking at you...or whether you have a knot or not.”Jimin scoffed, smile sad. “You can’t let people decide if you hate yourself or not. If they make you feel like absolute shit, then they’re not worth it.”“Yeah, well. I’m sure Jeongguk hates me.” As soon as the words left his mouth, Hoseok felt the perpetual tightness return. He cupped his hands to his mouth, catching the few petals as his eyes watered and stung. Just four. A few thorns. Jimin gently wrapped his small, delicate hands around Hoseok’s wrists, carefully leading the older alpha to the sofa. Hoseok didn’t pull his eyes away from his cupped hands until Jimin plucked one, ignorant to the thin film of saliva and mucus shining on the rose petal. “Jeongguk may be bad at feelings, but he doesn’t hate you. He just...he probably doesn’t even know how to feel about you yet.” Hoseok laughed, dragging the cuff of his long sleeves across his wet cheek. “Why are you even telling me this? Don’t you plan to mate with him?”Jimin’s eyes went saucer wide, nearly bulging from his cherubic face. “Oh no no no, never! Of course, I love him, but only as my best friend.”“Best friends who screw each other?”“Okay. More like best friends with benefits but,” Jimin corrected hastily. “We don’t think romantically of each other. He’s like a younger brother to me.”“That's...that sounds really fucked up.” Hoseok giggled at Jimin’s grimace as he realised the contradiction of his own statement, sheepishly chuckling in mild embarrassment. “Sorry, sorry. My point is, Jeongguk’s a hopeless romantic. But he doesn’t fall so easily. And if you like him as much as I suspect you do, you should fight a little harder, don’t you think?”Hoseok tore the petals in his lap into tiny, confetti-thin pieces. “Jeongguk spoke to me last night, but I wasn’t exactly in my right mind...I think hearing it from someone else who understands helps a bit more.”Jimin beamed, eyes disappearing and Hoseok thought it was the cutest smile he’d ever seen. “I’m glad I could help. I’m tired of seeing Guk mope around anyway. It's about time he settles down with someone who cares about him and not about how hot and alpha he is with his stupid tattooed muscles and piercings and motorcycle. He's a big softie, really.”Hoseok’s cheeks coloured rosette as he thought about the unfairly attractive male. “Yeah…” He thought about Jeongguk then, who had been missing all day. It was already half past midnight. “Have you spoken to him?” Hoseok muttered nervously. Just how much had he pissed Jeongguk off?“Don’t worry, he’s fine.” Jimin stood, stretching slowly. “Last I checked, he was at the dance studio. That kid can stay there for hours. It’s how he blows off steam.”“O-oh.” Not as placated as he wished to be, Hoseok walked the alpha to the door.“I really hope you take what I said into consideration.” Jimin smiled, fastening the button to his coat.“I will. Thank you, Jimin.” Feeling less hesitant of the alpha, Hoseok gave Jimin a friendly hug, opening the door in tandem. Jimin hugged him back tightly before they both pulled away and caught sight of the figure in the hall.Time stood still, Hoseok’s breath caught in his throat. He jumped away as if he was burned, eyes darting frantically between Jimin and the lethal looking Jeongguk whose stance screamed threatening, eyes glaringly bright beneath the brim of his cap. A tiny part of Hoseok shrivelled inside. “Jeon—”The alpha took long strides with fire in his orbs; the closer he got, the clearer Hoseok could see the pure red circling Jeongguk’s blown pupils. His scent was sharp and acrid with rage. Hoseok felt his own nerves spike in response, body going tense when a small “Oh shit,” came from Jimin. Jeongguk only shoved in between them, steps heavy on the hardwood. The slam of a door within rattled the entire apartment, including the front door.“Well.” Jimin looked more than a little spooked. “I’m definitely getting the silent treatment for a while.”“I’m sorry...You should leave,” Hoseok murmured softly, gently pushing Jimin out of the door to safety. “And thank you, again.”“He’ll get over it, don’t mind his temper tantrum.” Jimin grinned as he descended the steps. Hoseok waited until the mop of caramel hair disappeared over the railing before heading inside.Hoseok braced himself, listening to the sound of shower pellets through the walls as he sipped away at his rapidly disappearing stock of sweet milk. The gears in his head creaked and rolled until they were smoking. Not even Hoseok could delude himself into thinking Jeongguk’s reaction was something to brush off. Alpha eyes only turned red when they were beyond the point of ‘mad’ and ‘angry’. The deep, copper-crimson swimming in Jeongguk’s irises was wild, bestial.He thought about what the other might have seen. Him, in another man’s arms, seemingly fine after their little encounter. In his underwear (at that realisation, Hoseok turned the colour of his drink, shamefully tugging down his sweater hem to hide the bright yellow briefs). The slap of wet feet on wood was loud in the contemplative silence. Hoseok jumped up, blindly stepping into the alpha’s path. Jeongguk jerked to a stop in all of his shirtless, damp glory, flustering Hoseok into nearly forgetting the explanation on his tongue. “Jeongguk, I—”The latter blatantly ignored him, shouldering past towards the kitchen. Hoseok stumbled, gasping in shock.Sighing, he spun, facing the alpha who snagged a water bottle from the fridge, chugging with a purpose. When he tried to escape again, Hoseok deliberately blocked his path, arms stretched wide. He realized then, with Jeongguk’s sinewy physique compared to his slightly shorter, leaner stature, one push and he’d be on his ass. But Jeongguk seemed to have some semblance of patience, even if his eyes were still tinted copper beneath his dark fringe. The intensity of his glare made even Hoseok want to back down, but he held up, grounding himself. “You lied to me.”Shocked, Hoseok’s gaze snapped up to Jeongguk’s stoic face. “What?”“I see you’ve already found my replacement,” Jeongguk sneered, not a hint of amusement in his dark eyes. “With my best friend, for fuck's sake.”“W-What?” Incredulous, Hoseok’s mouth fell open. “You think I want Jimin!?”“Why else would he be here?” Jeongguk growled, jaw ticking like a time bomb. It was happening all over again. One step forward, three steps back. Far past annoyed, Hoseok grit his teeth. “If you would just—”“Move,” Jeongguk growled, voice dropped several octaves. The circumstances weren’t right, but fuck if that wasn’t the most delicious sound Hoseok ever heard.“No, j-just listen to me!” He attempted to show how unaffected he was, though the tension had never been thicker. Anger still rolled off of Jeongguk in waves of bitter chocolate and sharp cinnamon with a note of raw cider. It clogged Hoseok’s senses, the brown in his eyes wavering to honey, his own vanilla bean and pine musk fighting against the alpha rage. Jeongguk’s veins bulged with it, throbbing in his neck and webbing his thick forearms. A scent like bitter chocolate and sharp nutmeg with a note of raw, putrid cider. Hoseok wavered, words a loop of incoherence in his idle mind.The alpha took a step forward. Hoseok didn’t move, even when the tips of their noses brushed. The confession he had on his tongue died, instincts kicking in. He had a shock of deja vu as he tipped forward, lips ghosting over Jeongguk’s parted ones. In the rigid silence, his voice barely came above a whisper, strained and tight. “I don’t want him. I want you.” The other remained still, but Hoseok didn’t care. He let his hands fall to Jeongguk’s still damp chest, splayed to keep himself steady as he craned his neck to press his mouth to soft lips. Lips that stayed firm and grim. Chaste and sweet, he dropped back to his heels, heart aching. Hoseok didn’t allow himself to look up as he turned, heading to his room with deceivingly calm steps on shaky knees. There was the last bit of his hope, a flickering flame dying as the darkness swallowed it into oblivion. Darker, and darker, and—The hand he reached for the knob with was suddenly in a vice grip, pain shooting up Hoseok’s arm before his back met the wall with a hollow sound. Hoseok stared up with wide, frightened hazel hues at the red-eyed Jeongguk looming over him. His wrists were gathered above his head, pressed hard into the dry-wall with a single hand. Hoseok winced, a protest on his tongue until lips were crashing onto his. Jeongguk claimed Hoseok’s mouth with pained fervour, licking into his strawberry-flavoured cavern messily, permeating the air with the obscene slide of lips and rough breaths. Hoseok’s cheeks were hot from the filthy caress, giving into the heat of Jeongguk’s lips massaging his own with free hand firm on Hoseok's jaw. The tension had never been tighter, the air never hotter than the moment Jeongguk dragged his deceivingly sharp teeth along Hoseok’s lower lip, blood swelling the tier. Dazed, Hoseok panted at the thumb that traced the deep curve of his cupids bow, pushing past his swollen lips and teeth to press down onto his tongue, forcing his jaw open for another starved round of Jeongguk lapping into his mouth in between chest-deep growls. “What did Jimin want?”Before Hoseok could even comprehend the question, Jeongguk was wedging a thigh between his knees. Hoseok’s moan echoed in the narrow hall, weak legs going weaker as Jeongguk circled his wondrous thigh against his rapidly stiffening cock. “He—H-He,” Hoseok stammered, eyes clenched and brows furrowed as Jeonguk dropped the hand at his jaw to his waist, dragging the older against his flexed thigh. The sweet friction had Hoseok in near tears, head falling back with a soft thud on the wall as he moaned and moaned, going stupid with pleasure. Jeongguk’s chest rumbled, the ink on his biceps shifting with the grip he had on Hoseok’s meek wrists. He bit and sucked at the alpha’s pretty, swollen lips until the plump couplets were painted with the gloss of saliva tinted from blood, almost the same colour as his red-hot cheeks. Hoseok was rapidly falling apart, and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t love every second of it. Jeongguk snarled, hand daring further to cup a brief-clad asscheek. Hoseok yelped at the bite of fingers curling into the flesh, complaint dying as Jeongguk only held him immobile, vigorously grinding his sinewy thigh into Hoseok until he was whining in blissful pain, squirming with tears in his eyes. Jeongguk buried his face into the warm, heated crook of Hoseok’s throat, licking a long, fat stripe along his racing pulse. Hoseok shuddered violently, winded when Jeongguk wrapped his rough palms around Hoseok’s bare thighs, effortlessly hiking him higher. His nails left crescents into the malleable skin as he rocked his hips into the sensitive alpha, abusing Hoseok’s throat with an insatiable need to mark, lick and suck on the clear, unmarked surface. With every thrust and grind, Hoseok’s body scooted up the wall, pants escalating into pitched needy whines as Jeongguk practically chewed on his skin, green and blue and maroon sure to be blooming by morning. Hoseok blinked through the pearlescent haze of lust, breaths hot enough to curl in the chilled air. First, he was pissed and now they were seconds from leaving all inhibitions (and clothes) behind. Jeongguk groaned, deep and low in Hoseok’s ear as they rutted against each other like a couple of animals. Rough. Hungry. Hot.“You drive me so fucking crazy,” Thrust. “And you don’t. Even. Notice.” Thrust, thrust, thrust. Hoseok gasped to apologise, not knowing what he was apologising for, clawing at Jeongguk’s back. Heat swelled and boiled in his gut, the red in Jeongguk’s eyes had yet to fade, the crimson hue only stronger, veins pulsating in his whites. Hoseok feared and grew hot from his gaze, heat roiling angrily in his gut. “Mmhn….m-mhf!” Hoseok’s moans were lost between their lips as Jeongguk’s hand disappeared beneath Hoseok’s shirt, appreciating the lean muscle with a low hum before he found the site that brought the prettiest, sweetest cry from Hoseok’s lips. Grinning, Jeongguk rolled each dusky, ice-kissed nipple between thumb and fore. Hoseok jolted, the hot flame in his gut ignited as he tore away from Jeongguk’s ruthless kiss, breaths short and rough. He was quite the sight, golden eyes bright with need; he quivered with it.“Fuck me, p-please fuck me Jeongguk,” Hoseok pleaded. It was as if he wasn’t himself, driven by months of built up lust and desperation until it ached; until he ached for it. “Come for me first.” Jeongguk kissed along Hoseok’s collarbones, sucking visible bruises into the skin as he continued to tease Hoseok’s nipples until the buds were soft with heat and blushing the prettiest pink that matched the flush of Hoseok’s cheeks. Hoseok was dumb with pleasure, babbling as Jeongguk rutted into him faster, harder, the friction sending Hoseok tripping over the edge. His hips stuttered, a melodic wail drifting off his lips as he spilt into his own briefs, a dark spot blooming over the light-coloured fabric.Hoseok groaned in embarrassment, the sound pitching into a keen as Jeongguk palmed his dick unabashedly. Hoseok squealed in overstimulation at the rough circles against his slowly responding cock that spurted more cum as Jeongguk milked the remains of his orgasm. “Oh god, p-please stop, please-” Hoseok gasped religiously, his stomach tightening and releasing rapidly. Tears rolled down his cheeks, gasps hitched. “O-oh fuckfuck,” Hoseok panted, thighs shaking. ”Jeongguk I’m gonna come again if you keep doing tha—ah!” The pink patches littering Hoseok’s skin went darker, such a prominent red that tomatoes cried in shame as Jeongguk slid his hand past the waistband of Hoseok’s underwear, ironically ice-cold fingers wrapping around his slick shaft.Foreheads pressed together, Jeongguk purred against Hoseok’s lips, eyes dulled back to that starry, midnight shade. “You’re so wet for me, little one.”And oh if that didn’t send the hottest, happiest feeling a flutter in Hoseok’s chest and groin. His heart fluttered while his sex jumped, a smirk falling onto Jeongguk’s lips. “Still want me to fuck you, hm?”“Please, I need-” Hoseok rasped, cut off with a yelp as his feet dropped back to the floor, only for Jeongguk to manhandle him against the wall, tugging down Hoseok’s soiled briefs until they were caught in the crook of his weak knees. “J-Jeongguk!” Hoseok trembled at the hands that shamelessly parted the plump, tanned cheeks of his ass, exposing the fluttering rim of pink concealed in between. And when he felt fingers, slick with his own cum, tease the tight hole, Hoseok whined in pure embarrassment, hands braced to the walls. Heat seeped from Jeongguk’s chest into Hoseok’s back at the lack of space between them, heady anticipation clouding his better judgement.So when Jeongguk shoved two digits into Hoseok’s mouth and ordered him to “Suck,” Hoseok didn’t question. Obediently, he enjoyed the tang of lemon and honeysuckle on Jeongguk’s skin, laving his tongue between the digits as much as he could with the distraction of Jeongguk kneading his ass cheeks, teasing the lobe of Hoseok's elvish ears with blunt teeth.When Jeongguk deemed his fingers wet enough, a digit was instantly prodding at Hoseok’s pink hole. Jeongguk wrapped an arm around Hoseok’s waist to hike his hips up, continuously massaging the ring while Hoseok whimpered, eyes closed in shame and humiliation because fuck he wanted this so bad. He whined, nape flushed in patches when a wad of saliva joined Jeongguk’s fingers. It was filthy and frantic, with no class or finesse, and the stretch of a single digit had Hoseok sobbing, but neither were in their right states of mind, overcome by the sexual tension that built and built and built-Before it snapped.One moment he was being fingered within an inch of his life, thighs shaking and lips trembling, and the next something bigger, thicker, was pushing at his entrance. Hoseok’s nails scratched at the wall, potentially peeling paint as Jeongguk pressed in, in, in, in.“Fuck, you’re so tight,” Jeongguk rumbled, squeezing the alpha’s hips. “Come on, little one. Relax for me, yeah?”“O-okay.” Hoseok’s voice was winded, no more than a whisper as Jeongguk’s engorged cock sunk into tight, tight, tight walls.“O-oh my god,” Beyond stuffed full, Hoseok sobbed at the stretch of Jeongguk’s cock spearing him open. There were full, fat tears crawling down Hoseok’s cheeks, body convulsing with small spasms as Jeongguk pressed forward, right into a bundle of tiny, sensitive nerves. The wail that nearly left Hoseok’s mouth was muffled by Jeongguk pressing a hand over his lips, the sound dying into a cry of unfiltered bliss.Holding Hoseok’s lean, slender body against his hard, muscled one, Jeongguk pounded into the alpha with barely contained vigour. Hoseok’s screams and sobs could still be heard through the thin walls, but Jeongguk didn’t care, allowing Hoseok’s near feminine moans to spill between his fingers as the latter clenched and unclenched around his cock.Insatiable, Jeongguk stole Hoseok’s lips once more, no less feverish than before as his hands explored the expanse of Hoseok’s quivering stomach, further and further across smooth skin. Calloused fingertips brushed heated, puffy nipples, Hoseok convulsing with a soft cry that was swallowed by the pleased hum Jeongguk purred. “God, you smell so fucking good Hoseok,” Jeongguk groaned against Hoseok’s swollen-thick lips, teasing the alpha’s chest beneath the thin, flimsy sweater. Hoseok gasped and choked, eyes rolling shut. The heat was too much. He didn’t think he could fall any deeper until a hand breached past the band of his briefs. Hoseok panicked, a hand darting down to grasp Jeongguk’s wrist too late. Fingers circled his stiff, swollen cock and squeezed. “O-oh, fuck!” Hoseok gasped, followed by a sob as his bones ached and cried in protest, but his mind was only filled with Jeongguk, Jeongguk, Jeongguk.“J-Jeon—N-nh-ah!” Hoseok choked as the alpha found a hard grip on his hips, yanking him back to meet the rhythmic pounding of his thrusts, skin smacking on skin obscenely in the symphony of deep moans and sharp profanities. Jeongguk’s head fell back on his shoulders, eyes closed in bliss as his release neared closer and closer, coaxed by the pliant alpha hungrily taking his cock. “I’m close, Hoseok. Fuck I’m so close.”Unable to form words, Hoseok reached back to curl an arm around Jeongguk’s broad shoulders, finding his mouth to fervidly pant against, too weak to even manage a proper kiss. Jeongguk dragged his lips along the alpha’s jaw, pushing a thumb between Hoseok’s parted lips to push down on his tongue, hips stuttering madly before he slammed in one final time and simultaneously clasped a strong arm around Hoseok’s slick, lithe body, hips bones adjacent to soft, bruised asscheeks as he filled the alpha, cock pulsing with his load. Hoseok’s spine bowed, scream silent as he came long and hard all over the cloudy blue walls, vision going black. When his dull coloured world returned, Jeongguk was holding onto him for dear life, Hoseok’s hands gripping onto the wall, fearing that if he let go, they’d both collapsed.Breaths short and hard, Hoseok mewled as Jeongguk carefully pulled out, his still warm seed trickling down Hoseok’s thighs. The older alpha blushed hotly, knees closing together with a whimper as he unconsciously squeezed tighter with a lewd, audible sound that had him blushing hotter. He grew all too aware of the abrupt silence consuming them, the walls creaking with the draft of the winds churning outside as Jeongguk’s hold on his hips loosened but didn’t lift, lips light and soft on Hoseok’s hot, sweaty nape. Butterflies of joy fluttered in Hoseok’s chest at the intimate moment. He felt like he was living in an illusion and any moment now, Jeongguk was going to recoil back in disgust, snarling in regret. The older alpha didn’t expect Jeongguk to lift him up so carefully as though he were a delicate thing, arms tucked beneath the crook of his knees and the dip of his spine. Jeongguk walked into his own room where he set the alpha down on navy blue sheets before disappearing, returning with a damp, warm cloth he used to meticulously wipe down Hoseok’s sweat-sticky body. More than a little whipped, Hoseok stared at the alpha patiently, fists clasped against his chest as Jeongguk concentrated on patting the sweat from Hoseok’s forehead and neck, the cum drying on his stomach before coaxing open his legs by the knees to wipe at the flaking cum on his thighs. A deep furrow found Jeongguk’s brows at the thin line of cum diluted with red on the tanned skin.Still, Jeongguk said nothing.Hoseok remained silent the entire time, compliant as Jeongguk rummaged about the room, returning only fifteen minutes later to stretch out along Hoseok, curling around the older alpha. Finally, after the last hour and a half of silence, Jeongguk spoke, voice low and soft in the fragile silence. “Hoseok, we need to talk.”
It was a mistake. It was an accident. Let’s forget this ever happened.
Afraid of the implication of Jeongguk’s more than worrisome words, Hoseok shook his head quickly, rolling to bury his face into the alpha’s warm, firm chest. Breathing in chocolate and cinnamon. His heart was sinking, but Hoseok managed to keep his voice from watering. “No. Just let me have this moment.”“Hoseok-”“Please.” The wind whipped louder with Hoseok’s plead, knocking on the shaky windows. Jeongguk sighed but didn’t press any further, tightening his embrace. “In the morning.”“In the morning,” Hoseok promised.



Chapter End Notes

Tumblr
  Twitter Makuo © 2018


Singularity
Chapter Notes
all mistakes are mine.enjoy.-mak

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The next morning, Hoseok struggled to peel open his puffy eyes. The curtains were drawn, but the bleak weather sent wisps of pale daylight filtering through the cracks of the curtains, snow caked on the windowsill. Dim as it was, Hoseok could still make out Jeongguk’s face inches from his. As the younger slept soundly, Hoseok idly admired his lax features. Dark tresses splayed messily over his forehead, thick lashes casting a shadow over his slightly chubby cheeks. Hoseok giggled adoringly, resisting the urge to poke them. The shadows carved his face into fine lines anyway, the slope of his nose bold. Lips still parted and soft in slumber. Even if his breath was terrible, Hoseok would sacrifice anything for a sweet, morning kiss. Jeongguk shifted, arms tauten around Hoseok’s waist. The latter gasped, all too aware of the minimal space between their bodies. Chest to chest, legs tangled in a maze of limbs. Jeongguk radiated the heat of a thousand furnaces, his body a shelter of protection and safety. Hoseok felt indescribably secure in Jeongguk’s embrace. His heart craved the feeling but Jeongguk would wake up and open his eyes to reality unlike Hoseok who was preoccupied in his imaginative world. He would see Hoseok and recoil, be disgusted by him. He’d probably leave.Jeongguk groaned, rousing from his unperturbed sleep. Hoseok kept his breath in his throat as Jeongguk fished a hand from beneath Hoseok to scrub at his eyes. Those big, pretty orbs fluttered open and Hoseok’s heart nearly combusted on the spot. Jeongguk blinked, slowly coming to. Hoseok waited for the repulsive curses and swears. He opened his mouth. Hoseok panicked, pressing his cheek against a solid pec.“Not yet. Just a little longer.” Jeongguk sighed, but he didn’t move. “Hoseok, we need to—”“Talk. I know.”“Yeah, but I was going to say shower first.”Hoseok flushed, cheeks growing hot against the alpha’s chest. If he noticed, Jeongguk didn’t point it out. “Okay.” Hoseok hastily peeled away from Jeongguk’s stronghold, limping his way across the carpet. He paused in the doorway, peering over his shoulder. Jeongguk sat upright, head in his hands. Distinct red lines crisscrossed his muscled back. Hoseok felt both proud and sorry. Taking the walk of shame to the bathroom, Hoseok was greeted with his debauched reflection. Hair a nest of tangled curls, puffy eyes and puffier lips. The collar of his sweater hung deeper than it was supposed to, exposing the mottled skin of his throat. Blue and violet bloomed in the shape of lips, trailing along his collarbones. Teeth marks yet to fade etched where onto the skin where neck met shoulder. In awe, he feebly lifted the frayed hem. They continued, fingerprints bruised into his hips, painting the flesh of his thighs. In short, he looked thoroughly well-fucked. Every mark was evidence that the night blurred from the pearlescent cloud of indulgent lust was real. They deluded him into feeling wanted; claimed. That dark feeling bubbled up again, rippling like a wave through Hoseok’s chest. He ripped his gaze away before his fist could crash into the mirror. The weather was just as mucky and grey as Hoseok’s mood. Jeongguk had dragged him out into the dreary weather to the quaint cafe several blocks from their apartment complex. The lack of customers was unnerving, only two employees on duty stuck with constantly wiping down dirtless tables because of the traffic in business. Hoseok vacantly stared out at the white wonderland, elbow propped on the oak table, cheek resting on his palm. Despite the snowy hell, cars cruised cautiously on the icy roads. People bundled up head to toe on the sludgy sidewalks. Winter clearly made up its mind up to be ugly and brisk this season. At least the cafe was warm. The muted thud of combats making way down the aisle overpowered the soft indie music filling the deserted cafe. Hoseok played ignorant, sinking into his threadbare turtleneck as the leather booth creaked, Jeongguk reclaiming his seat with two mugs and a plate in hand.A large chocolate muffin and a sugary concoction of hot chocolate, whipped cream and caramel galore sprinkled with cinnamon greeted Hoseok’s nostrils. His stomach rumbled obnoxiously at the sweet smell of rich chocolate on vanilla and cinnamon, fingers tenderly wrapping around the mug. The delicious amalgam of aromas reminded him of… He looked up. Jeongguk was peering over the rim of his own mug, a knowing glint in his eyes. Oh god, was he teasing him? Asshole.Scoffing, Hoseok took a sip, the frothy liquid warming his insides. He shuddered with a soft smack of his lips, stirring the cream listlessly. “So. Tell me your story.”Confusion creased Jeongguk’s dark brows, lashes fluttering rapidly. Hoseok went a little weak. “What are you talking about?”“You know. When did you realise you weren’t exclusive to omegas?”“Like anyone else, I guess.” Jeongguk shrugged. “I had a crush on this alpha chick who wouldn’t look at me twice after I presented.”Her loss. Hoseok picked at his muffin. “You tell your parents?”“Of course.”“How’d they take it?”“They were slow to accept, but things worked out.”Silence, once again. Hoseok tore off a piece of the muffin, nipping at it for more of a distraction rather than to satisfy his hunger. He waited for Jeongguk to speak again, but the younger was staring into his mug with pursed lips. Hoseok had the urge to reach over and soothe the miffed alpha, but that wasn’t his place. He stayed curled up on his side of the booth, nursing his slowly disappearing hot chocolate as his anxiety grew and grew with the ongoing lack of chatter. He wasn’t used to quiet places. In fact, Hoseok purposefully surrounded himself in the clamour boisterous clubs and the clatter of shot glasses hitting the counter. When his ears were ringing with drunken banter, it was easy to ignore that little voice in his head screaming pitiful insults.His lungs tightened, a cough squeezing from his lips. Hoseok swallowed the petal with a gulp of his beverage. Almost timidly, he traced the lip of his mug as the palpable silence weighed thick.“What about you?“What about me?”“What’s your backstory?”The colour in Hoseok’s face drained rapidly. “I don’t want to talk about it.”“Maybe you need to.”Hoseok scowled, shoving the plate away as his appetite suddenly disappeared. “Don’t pretend like you fucking care.”Jeongguk sighed in exasperation, looking two seconds from springing grey hairs. He carded a hand through the loose strands, frustration flashing copper in his round orbs.  “Alright, fine.”Hoseok refused to feel guilty even though his conscious said otherwise. Frowning, the alpha trained his glare out the window, fingers drumming against the porcelain. He kept mum.“How do you feel?”“Peachy.”“No, I mean,” Jeongguk paused for emphasis, licking his lips. “I wasn’t exactly gentle last night.”“Oh.” All the blood rushed to Hoseok’s face, skin hotter than the hot chocolate. “I’m fine.”The breaks of awkward silence were beginning to grate on Hoseok’s nerves. Plenty of words that needed to be said hung in the air, but neither of them were taking the initiative to pluck them away to lessen the increasing discomfort. Hoseok opened his mouth to speak, to say anything to break the quiet hovering over the table but his cellphone beat him to it. Hoseok eased the persistent device from his pocket, unbothered to check the caller ID.“Yes?”
”Hoseok?”
The colour in his face drained, fingers tightening around the phone as they instantly trembled and sweat. “Noona?” Hoseok was more than a little grateful Jeongguk didn’t question why he was so anxious to leave the cafe. The younger alpha quietly complied as he followed behind Hoseok’s quick, anxious strides. The latter looked utterly spooked, his skin still holding that ill pallor. Granted, Hoseok knew the disease made the melanin in his skin weak regardless, but the mysterious call had him near white. He chewed his lower lip vigorously, taking the stairs by twos. Jeongguk was hesitant to help the older who was breathless by the first floor, but the urgency of Hoseok’s speed and the severe furrow of his brows left Jeongguk withholding. Hoseok looked ready to keel over by the time they reached their floor, cold sweat coating his face. In broad daylight, no matter how grey it was, Hoseok had never looked so sick.There was a woman leaning against the wall beside their apartment door. Ignorant to the harsh weather, she was wearing a maroon sweater dress beneath a tan pea-coat, an olive beret perched upon her head of dark curls. The similarities between her and Hoseok were uncanny. The doe eyes, high nose. Those distinct, heart-shaped lips.Hoseok’s posture straightened abruptly, eyes widening in disbelief before they narrowed into amber slits. He never looked more alpha than he did at that moment, shoulders square and lips curled over his teeth. “What are you doing here?” The woman stood upright, emitting the distinct undertones of a beta. “I came to see you how you’ve been.”Hoseok bit back the urge to laugh in his sister’s face, tears burning in his ducts. “As if you care.”“I heard you were sick.”“From who?”“Namjoon.”“He lied.” Hoseok snapped, fishing his keys from his pocket. He fumbled with them. Dropped them with a swear. Overwhelmed with emotions and his deteriorating health, Hoseok crouched, pressing his hot forehead to the cold metal door. His breath came out in quivering shudders in his caving chest. God, just when he thought he’d gotten away from the toxicity of the hell hole he called home, Dawon had to bring back those damned memories.The screaming, the shouting. The pain. Hands fell to Hoseok’s shaking shoulders. The alpha growled in warning, but Jeongguk turned a deaf ear as he carefully lifted Hoseok’s frail form in his arms. He hated it, looking weak in front of Dawon. The good child.There was horror and grief written on her face at Hoseok’s state. Part of him wanted to blame her even though he knew it was wrong. Another part wanted her to feel bad. Hoseok desperately wanted her to leave, but Jeongguk didn’t deny her entrance into the apartment. The ravenette laid Hoseok on the sofa, disappearing into the kitchen. He returned seconds later with a bottle of water, urging Hoseok to drink.The cool liquid graced his parched throat, the consequences of practically running three miles when his body couldn’t take it. Dawon awkwardly stood, eyes shifty. “It’s nice here.”“Thanks,” Hoseok muttered dryly, gently pushing away Jeongguk’s hand to sit up. “You can sit.”Dawon did so reluctantly, eyes glassy. She finally addressed Jeongguk, careful. “Are you Hobi’s mate?”“No, he’s my roommate,” Hoseok answered before Jeongguk had the chance to speak. He ignored the latter’s side-eyed stare, omitting Jeongguk from this encounter completely. It was obvious he didn’t want Jeongguk to witness whatever was going on, but the younger male was steadfast in his seat, unmoving. It both troubled and comforted Hoseok. “Jeongguk.”Jeongguk sighed but heeded to the unspoken plead in Hoseok’s voice. He stood, tucking a fresh cigarette between his lips. “I’ll be on the balcony.” The door hissed open. Clicked shut. Silence.Dawon cleared her throat, fingers threading into her dress hem. “How’s the city?”“Wonderful.”“Is school going well?”“It’s good.”“Do you still work at that floral cafe?”“Yup.”Dawon’s shoulders fell forward, an exhausted sigh passing her tinted lips. Hoseok’s stare was empty, his vocabulary reduced to monotone one-word responses. He had no intentions of holding a conversation. There were some doors still open that had yet to close. As far as he was concerned, they never would.Hoseok released his own sigh, raking a hand roughly through his hair. “What are you doing here noona?”“Namjoon called me yesterday and told me you were sick. I was already in the city and thought I’d stop by.”Hoseok chuckled darkly, the smile on his face nothing less than sarcastic. “You weren’t going to call me if not for Namjoon, were you?”Dawon looked a few seconds from crying, her cheeks flushed with the determination to keep them at bay. “He said that you were dying.”Jeering. “And you care?”“Is it that hard to believe?”“Says the person who stood aside while Dad fed me his fist.” As soon as the words left his mouth, Hoseok regretted them. He pushed down those insignificant memories for his own good yet here was a shattered piece sitting before him. This could only get uglier, and with the way Hoseok’s nerves were shooting through the roof, it would get ugly fast.“I didn’t—” Dawon hiccuped, her resolve crumbling as the tears flowed. “I’m sorry, I should’ve protected you.”“Don’t. It’s not your fault.” Hoseok stood on legs that shook so hard it hurt, only his will to maintain a strong facade keeping him upright. “Dad was always like that. I’m glad Mom sent you away.” At least one of us made it.Dawon shook her head. “I should’ve been there for you when—God, what those bastards did to you was wrong Hoseok.”“It’s okay, you can stop—”“No!” Dawon lashed out, grabbing Hoseok’s wrists. The latter flinched, unable to pull away as he stared into his sister’s fierce, dewy eyes. “It’s not okay. It was wrong and you didn’t deserve it.”Hoseok laughed at his luck, rolling his eyes shut as persistent tears bubbled hotly. How ironic was it that he wanted to avoid letting Jeongguk know about his dastardly past and it came right back around to bite him in the ass without warning.
Head down, Hoseok carefully pried his wrists from Dawon’s grip, dragging his clammy palms into his lap to tug at the strings on his worn out sweater. The colour used to be a bright vermillion, but after several washes, it’d faded into a dull, pastel coral hue. That’s how Hoseok felt; worn and holding on by a thread with the burden of his secret on his shoulders. Holding his breath, Hoseok squeezed into the tight space beside Dawon, scooping her petite form into his arms. It’d been years since he last saw her. The aroma of jasmine was nostalgic; Hoseok didn’t realise how much he missed it. How much he missed her. No words were spoken between them as Dawon sniffled into Hoseok’s shoulder who placated her with gentle fingers combing through her silken tresses.“It’s Hanahaki,” Hoseok confessed, glancing out onto the terrace. His heart jumped to find Jeongguk watching him, eyes dark and calculate beneath his fringe. It was hard to look away. A whisper of disbelief. “What?” She followed Hoseok’s gaze, frowning. “H-He’s the one?”“Unfortunately,” Hoseok chuckled. The sound was eerily empty. He scratched at his nape, huffing. “You should live with me.”Hoseok blinked. “What?”“I’m serious, Hobi.” Dawon’s weight and warmth disappeared, desperation flashing in her glassy orbs. “I’m moving here because of my job. There’s plenty of room and you can stay with me after your surgery-”“Wait, wait,” Hoseok held up his hands to stop her rambling, raising a brow. “What surgery?”“You-” Dawon stuttered, eyes shaking. “Namjoon said you were going to get surgery.”“I never said that.”“But he told me his brother talked to you about it.”Words couldn’t describe the sudden anguish that shot through Hoseok’s chest. His gaze fell wide and betrayed towards the alpha on the terrace. A plethora of emotions flushed through Hoseok, none of them positive. Was Jeongguk fooling with him from the start? That morning he had a nosebleed, tissue brought to his aid. On the balcony, a glass of liquid warmth against the cold. At the diner, a glass of water to ease his wretched hacking. At the park, a body to keep him from contracting hypothermia as his temperature plummeted to near shock-inducing degrees. It dawned on Hoseok then.The entire time, Jeongguk knew. He knew about his feelings and he knew about the disease.Hoseok went light-headed, his breath picking up worryingly fast. It was nothing compared to what he felt seeing Dawon or the constant throbbing of his sick lungs. It was worse. It was the feeling of his heart shattering into fragile, minuscule pieces. Shaky, he went to the door. Opened it.  “I think you should go.”“Hobi-”“Please, noona.” Hoseok rushed out, knuckles white on the doorknob.Dawon heeded to Hoseok’s request. She paused. “Call me later?”“I will.”“Okay.” Hoseok shut the door with a quiet click. Without a word, he returned to the living room. Jeongguk chose then to re-enter the apartment, immediately noticing the way Hoseok looked ready to break down. There was rage and pain in his blazing eyes, lips quivering. The words on his tongue were caustic, but he was simultaneously speechless. Hoseok escaped to the kitchen, snatching a water bottle to chug. The liquid did nothing to placate him.“Hoseok-”“Shut up.” Hoseok snapped, shaking with his anger. He could practically taste it. His breathing was erratic, fingers clinging to the edge of the counter. He rocked back and forth on his feet, saltwater on his lips as the tears flooded his eyes. The icy fingers around his heart squeezed and squeezed. He couldn’t breathe.It felt like death.When a hand grazed his spine, Hoseok flinched away as if he’d been burned, growling between unstable breaths. “Don’t touch me, d-don’t you dare fucking touch me.”Jeongguk frowned, confused. “What happened?”“You!” Hoseok stumbled back, one hand braced on the counter, the other at his tightening chest. Every word made the metaphorical hand around his heart clench harder. “I thought I had a chance, that-that maybe we could work out but,” He laughed, hysterical. “Was that your plan all along, to get rid of me after fucking me?”“What the hell are you talking about?”“The surgery.”Realisation struck Jeongguk stiff. He let out a drawn-out groan, squeezing the bridge of his nose. “I wasn’t—That was before last night, “Bullshit. You weren’t even going to say anything,” Hoseok hissed, angry tears burning in his glare. His breath, his voice, was strained into agonized wheezing. Hoseok wanted to scream more, but the clutch on his heart shut him up quick, digging into the fragile organ. He blinked rapidly around his blurred vision as his insides gave an aggressive jolt. His gut wrenched, bile gurgled in his throat. Hastily, Hoseok made a mad dash to the bathroom just in time for his weak knees to slam to the ground. Doubled over the toilet, clutching the cold porcelain as his lungs contracted in pure agony, his stomach roiling like the froth of angry waves. And then it came up, acidic and burning his throat, Hoseok emptied his stomach contents into the toilet, suffocating from the pain of his guts twisting and his lungs malfunctioning to the point he couldn’t breathe, head pounds lighter and face darker than blackberries. There was copper on his tongue, thick with the unpleasant taste of iron.It was as if he’d been drowned, water clogging his ears. He could hear Jeongguk’s frantic voice from aeons away, but he couldn’t understand the garbled speech as his ill form violently convulsed, eyes rolling back to darkness. It took a single inhale for Hoseok to figure out he was in a hospital. That whiff of sterilizer and sickness was enough for him to peel his eyes open, fatigue still weighing them down. Every part of his body ached, his mind muggy from dreamless sleep and morphine. The drip drip of the IV bounced off the walls, the hospital room utterly silent except for his own hollow breaths and the steady beep of the monitor.Hoseok searched his blurred memory for a clue to how he ended up beneath itchy wool in the first place, but he only remembered the crucial agony of his lungs failing. It was as if someone was crushing his ribs, forcing his lungs to burst. Hoseok ran his fingers along his sternum, the slightest pressure making the tender area scream. He flinched, peering down his hospital gown in dread. The bandage obscuring the view was abruptly ripped off, his eyes bulging. There was an incision crusted with dried blood, running from below his collarbones to his diaphragm. Instantly, Hoseok’s heart began to beat a mile a minute,  throat clogging up as the worst assumption plagued his scattered thoughts. In the most metaphorical way, they took Jeongguk away from him. It was the one thing Hoseok dreaded that made him avoid the hospital in the first place. He knew if they persuaded him under the knife, he’d lose something precious he’d never get back. Devastated, Hoseok could only cry himself stupid, sobs hoarse from the dryness of his throat.The room door creaked open, a frazzled nurse shooting questions Hoseok’s way in concern to the alarming pace of the heart monitor. But the latter wasn’t listening, gaze focused on Jeongguk who was following close behind, eyes bloodshot and puffy. Hoseok was more than a little relieved when his heart picked up in that familiar way that only pounded in Jeongguk’s presence. Flighty from morphine and confusion, Hoseok didn’t think as he stretched out his arms, ignoring the ache in his shoulders as he reached for the alpha, babbling nonsense. Jeongguk looked shocked, relieved, and amused all at once. He allowed Hoseok to pull him onto the cot, compliant under the older’s persistent hands. Hoseok trapped the alpha against him as though he were an oversized plush, shoving his face into Jeongguk’s rib cage. As Hoseok’s sobs slowly subsided, so did his pulse, the nurse eased as the monitor returned to a rhythmic beep.“I’ll have the doctor here in a few.” The nurse retreated, leaving the pair alone.Hoseok took a shuddering breath, bunching the fabric of Jeongguk’s shirt in his palms. He couldn’t find the energy to be pissed at the younger. “What happened?”“You stopped breathing.” Jeongguk murmured into the crown of his head, fingers dancing along the skin barren in the slit of the hospital gown. He sounded congested, as if he’d been crying. “You were in the final stage of the disease. Surgery was the only option.”“But I still-” Hoseok stopped, his stuttering heart proof enough.“I know,” Jeongguk chuckled, a melody that was a godsend to Hoseok’s ears. “I was never the reason you were sick.”“What?”“I told you I’ve never hated you, Hoseok. When I noticed you were sick, it hurt to think you liked someone else.” Jeongguk licked his lips, grip tightening around Hoseok. “Then that night at the park happened and I didn’t know what to think. I thought if you were sick because of me, then you didn’t deserve to suffer. Yes, I spoke to Namjoon about the surgery but then I saw you with Jimin and I just snapped.”It sounded like a flurry of misunderstandings and lack of communication that got them into this mess. In all honesty, it was giving Hoseok a moon-sized headache. Or perhaps that was just him trying to think when he was still airy off morphine. “Then why was I sick?”“The doctor said its rare but possible to be sick from someone who hurt you in the past.”Hoseok snorted. “Of course.”“...You don’t have to talk about it.” That was practically an invitation. Whether it was was the drugs or the onus of letting the dark secret drag him into a pit of depression and self-hate, Hoseok let it out with ease on one big breath. “I liked this alpha back in high school. Word must’ve gotten around because he asked me out. It was too good to true, but I was said yes.” It was a wonder how he was speaking so carelessly, not a tear rising to his eyes or a syllable shaking. The anguish had vaporated. “We were making out in the locker rooms when my rut hit. Some of the team members came in and-” Hoseok sighed, closing his eyes. He could see the scene on the back of his eyelids, like a black and white film. The frigid bite of the lockers against his bare spine, sweat and musk clogging his nostrils. A sea of indigo uniforms taunting in wicked mirth, easily pushing him around despite the alpha rage his rut induced. He was strong, but compared to the others he was nothing but wiry muscles and bones. He’d always been a small alpha.  He hadn’t realised he was crying until Jeongguk’s thumb dragged beneath his eyes. The younger himself was dewy-eyed, a sight that bewildered Hoseok. Funny, he didn’t feel the sadness. But the memory would always live within him. A phantom of pain. Hoseok swiped his own thumb across Jeongguk’s lashes before a tear could fall.“I couldn’t tell anyone, who the hell would believe an alpha was molested by other alphas? So, I went home. No amount of scrubbing could erase what they’d done. My Dad was ashamed to call me his son, my Mom powerless to help me when her deadbeat husband was on a drunken rampage.” Hoseok shrugged a shoulder, feeling no remorse. As unsettling as it was, it felt liberating. “I was doing good, pretending to be the typical alpha. Until you came along. Then shit hit the fan and here we are.”“Shit,” Jeongguk practically suffocated Hoseok against his chest, his embrace constricting but much welcomed. “God, Hoseok I’m sorry you had to go through that.”Hoseok hummed, oddly calm. It had to be the intravenous drug coursing through his body. “It’s not your fault. Or Dawon’s. Or anyone's. I shouldn’t have been so hell-bent on taking out my anger on those who didn’t deserve it.”“You had a reason.”“There’s never a good enough reason to hurt the people I love.”Jeongguk held the older by the shoulders, trained him with a serious stare. Hoseok was more than a little distracted by how Jeongguk looked with teary eyes and red cheeks. “You don't need to hate who you are. You don't have to pretend anymore. At least, not around me.”Even though Jeongguk was clearly being sincere, Hoseok couldn’t help to giggle at the determined crease between his thick brows. The severity contradicted the softness of his big, doe eyes. He traced Jeongguk’s sternum with his nose, soothed by chocolate and spice. “Okay.”The hospital door creaked open, low lights switching on. Hoseok’s assigned doctor entered, a clipboard tucked beneath her arm. If she was bothered by the way the two alphas were intimately entangled on the cot, she didn’t show it. In fact, she only grinned. “Nice to see you awake, Mr Jung. I hate to do this, but do you mind if I pull your mate from you for just a second?”It took several moments for the words to click, Hoseok’s face blooming in a pink frenzy. “Uh. G-go ahead.”“Be right back little one,” Jeongguk grinned mischievously, pecking Hoseok’s forehead before detangling their limbs. Hoseok only hid his red face in his palms, laughing until his shoulders stopped shaking. It was breaking daylight outside, sunlight scattering through six am dew stuck to the windows. A single thin ray illuminated the vase sitting by his bedside. There was a single rose occupying it, it’s creme petals veined with crimson galore. Hoseok reached out to brush its petals, smiling when the bud shuddered under his touch. It seemed to shift and preen, nuzzling his fingertips.“Good news,” Jeongguk’s returning weight made the rickety cot creak, his lips warm on the shell of Hoseok’s ear. “Doc says you can be discharged in a week or so. But you still can’t work for a month.”Hoseok hummed, dropping his hand from the blossom to intertwine it with Jeongguk’s. The latter kissed every knuckle, chest rumbling quietly. “So, mate huh?”“It was the only way they’d let me stay.”Hoseok laughed, pushing the younger away. “Liar.”Jeongguk smirked. “Mm, I don’t know. We can work up to it.”Hoseok snorted, curling beneath the wool blanket as his eyelids suddenly weighed a kilo. “After all this confusion and drama? You’ll have to work hard for it.”Jeongguk peeled back the blanket enough to wriggle under, careful of Hoseok’s surgical area as he laid upon his chest. “Fair enough.” He grabbed Hoseok’s hand, forcing it into his hair. Hoseok complied, petting at the loose strands. For once the promise of a peaceful sleep took him over.



Chapter End Notes

Tumblr

Twitter
Makuo © 2018



Afterword


End Notes

Tumblr
    Twitter Makuo © 2018


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



