



Frater Ave Atque Vale - orphan_account - osoSong san Osomatsu-san
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Frater, Ave Atque Vale
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6934252.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
おそ松さん | Osomatsu-san (Anime)
Relationship:
Matsuno Karamatsu/Matsuno Osomatsu
Character:
Matsuno Karamatsu, Matsuno Osomatsu, Matsuno Choromatsu, Matsuno Todomatsu, OCs
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Fantasy, Cloaca, dragon dicks, Slow Burn, Sibling Incest, Alternate Universe - Not Related, Frottage, Childhood Friends, Angst
Stats:

        Published: 2016-05-23
        Words: 28616
      

Frater, Ave Atque Vale
by orphan_account
Summary
Karamatsu wants to be a knight, and Osomatsu never had a choice to be anything but a dragon.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Frater, Ave Atque Vale


Amare et sapere vix deo conceditur.




Age 3

“Osomatsu! I have a secret!” Karamatsu is almost bouncing with how excited he is. “My mom--” he cuts himself off, dramatically looking over his shoulder to see if anyone is nearby before lowering his voice to a loud whisper. “My mom says my dad is the King!”

You gasp, your hands flying to your mouth. “The King?”

He nods, puffing out his chest. “Yeah!!”

“So cool!” You croon, eyes glittering and Karamatsu’s face flushes slightly, despite fully expecting and desiring your adulations at this discovery.

“My mom says I can’t tell anyone, but I wanted to tell you!” He grabs your hands. “My mom says we can’t go on adventures because dragons are ex-extint, but when I grow up I’m gonna make my dad stop fighting dragons and they won’t be extint anymore!”

“Yeah! And you’ll be a knight and we can go on adventures!”

“We’ll go further from home than anyone else!”

“Across the whole world!”

The two of you babble back and forth, eventually dropping the conversation in favor of smacking together wooden swords.




Karamatsu’s hands are the same size as yours. He smiles every time you compare, grinning at you over your pressed-together palms. You keep teasing him, saying you’ll always be a bigger dragon than he is a human, but there’s something so nice about being the same.




You and Karamatsu spend a lot of time looking at maps, carefully tracing the roads with your small fingers, talking about where the two of you will go when dragon’s aren’t extinct anymore. He wants to see the whole world, and you laugh and smile as he comes up with flowery descriptions of places he’s never seen, and you don’t care where the two of you go as long as it’s together.




The Knight sings for you as you fall asleep sometimes, running her fingers through your hair. The Mage is not as affectionate, not out of any dislike for you, but because he doesn’t know what to do.

Her voice is coarse, more accustomed to singing drinking songs than lullabies, but the breathy way she hums and the smile in her voice as you cuddle closer to Karamatsu make you feel safe like nothing else.

She giggles when she scratches behind your horn and you chirp softly.




Karamatsu tugs eagerly at the Knight’s cape.

“Show him! Mom, show him!”

She kneels down and opens up the book she was holding in her strong, calloused hands.

The cover falls open, and you gape as she leafs through the pages, colorful images of kings and wizards unfolding before your eyes.

“Stop, stop!” Karamatsu slams his tiny hands onto the page, stopping his mother from continuing to page through the book.

“This one is my favorite!” He looks at you eagerly, pointing at the picture. A knight dressed in intricate armor stands proudly over a dragon curled up at his feet, his cape billowing behind him dramatically.

“It’s us!” You shout, and Karamatsu grins at you, nodding furiously.

The two of you play Knights and Dragons for the rest of the day while his mom watches and laughs.




The Mage holds your cheeks between his hands, eyes shut as he whispers dark words that coil in your mind like snakes. They sound impossible, wriggling harder the more you try to think about them and dissolving into a mess of ineffable syllables.

It prickles as the scales that trace up your arms start to recede into your skin. Once a month, he repeats the spell that keeps you looking as human as you do, but dragons naturally resist magical influence and he can’t do anything about the thick horns that curl out of your head or the tail that swings behind you when you run.

“One day, you’ll be strong enough at magic to do this on your own.” the Mage says as he releases your face.

“Will I be able to get rid of my tail, too?” You know the answer, but you ask anyway, because you’re three and repetition is exciting.

He smiles and nods, hesitantly reaching out a hand to ruffle your hair before deciding against it, pushing your back to prompt you to run off and play.




Age 4

You look up the meaning of the word ‘extinct’ in one of the Mage’s big, old books, but you don’t tell Karamatsu what it means. Whenever he learns it, he doesn’t say anything, but the two of you keep planning your adventures across the country together anyway.




You live in a tower with the Mage, in a secluded, high part of the castle. Karamatsu and his mom are your most frequent visitors.

She spends a lot of time in the Mage’s chambers, speaking with him in hushed tones over tea as you and Karamatsu roughhouse. Sometimes she stares at you, something sad and indescribable in her eyes, and the Mage just cups his old, wrinkled hand over hers, rubbing his thumb in a circle over her knuckles.

When Karamatsu trips and starts to wail, you try the same thing, but he doesn’t stop crying until his mom scoops him off the ground and peppers his face with kisses.




“If Prince Todomatsu is your brother, why aren’t we allowed to play with him?”

Karamatsu insists there’s an important reason why. It changes everytime you ask, so you stop asking.




You fall and smash your elbow on the ground. It bleeds red, just like Karamatsu does, and you cry. He waddles over, the way a child does, and kisses your cheeks, first the right and then the left. You keep crying, though, so he calls his mom.




Sometimes the Mage lets you play with his ring. It’s a thick, gold band inlaid with a bright emerald, the Kingdom’s motto carved in careful, curly writing on the inside. You trace the faceted surface of the jewel, pressing the pads of your fingers to them until they leave small rectangular imprints in your skin, getting lost in the feeling of the metal getting warm in your hand and relishing the way your stomach flips when the emerald sparkles.

If you hold it up the light just right, you can see the Royal Crest etched into the surface, right below the stone. You ask the Mage if you can have it, the way a child does, unable to tear your eyes away from the way light bounces off of the emerald.

“If you become Royal Mage, too, you can wear the ring.” 

You wrinkle your nose. That sounds like a lot of work.

The Knight has one too, but hers is blue. You ask if you can have it, and she says no.




“But moooom,” Karamatsu whines, his eyebrows furrowed over his bright eyes, “Osomatsu doesn’t have to eat vegetables!”

She laughs before she pulls him into her lap, pressing kisses to his cheek.

“He doesn’t eat vegetables, sweetie. He’s a carnivore.”

“Me too! I’m a carnivore, too!” Karamatsu fusses, shaking his chubby limbs in protest.

“Yeah!” You chime in, slamming your tiny fists on the table in excitement. “Carnivores!” 

Karamatsu looks at you, eyebrows still drawn together in determination but his mouth tipped up at the corners, and neither of you have to say anything to agree to cause a ruckus until your demands are met.




You stop taking naps before Karamatsu does, and play quietly as you wait for him to wake up. You kiss him on the cheek as he sleeps and the Knight compliments you on being respectful, scooping you up in her arms and hugging you tight.

She’s more open than the Mage, softer and rounder and more emotional. You ask her why the Mage’s hugs don’t feel the same as hers, and she explains that he has a lot of love inside of him, but doesn’t know how to let it out.

After that conversation, the Mage tries harder. His attempts at affection are clumsy and awkward, but you lean into them to try to help him let the love out.




The Mage holds a boy you’ve never seen before by his shoulders. He’s jittery underneath the adult’s grip, his hands wringing together in his cloak.

“This is my apprentice, Choromatsu. He’ll be living with us from now on.”

You smile, and immediately start thinking of ways to pick on him.




Age 5

“I get to start taking lessons!” 

“Lessons?”

“Yeah, I’m learning Latin and maths and history.” Karamatsu grins, counting the subjects on his fingers as he lists them out. You snort, and a harsh plume of black smoke escapes from your mouth.

“That sounds so boring.” Your lack of enthusiasm does nothing to curb his.

“I have to learn the finer things if I want to be a knight one day.” He closes his eyes and presses a hand to his chest, just like the drawing in his favorite book.




Karamatsu doesn’t come by to play as much once his lessons start. When he does, he repeats the stories he’s read and tries to explain what he’s learned. It’s boring and frustrating and he doesn’t pay attention to you anymore.

The Mage says that you can’t take lessons with him until you’re old enough to control your own transformation. You throw a tantrum until he agrees to start training you.




You’re sitting on an uncomfortable wooden stool, the Mage kneeling in front of you with an apologetic look in his eyes. You’re skinny and shirtless and shivering, your wings folded against your body and your tail twisting around one of the legs of the chair, like if you make yourself small enough, you can disappear.

He doesn’t say sorry, because he knows it won’t make this process any easier. Choromatsu sits behind the mage, eyes wide and hands shaking even though he’s not participating in the process.

The Mage reaches for the tray at his side, carefully choosing a needle and dipping into one of the open jars that surround him. Inhaling through his nose, he starts to chant, raising the needle to your chest. You’re trembling, you wish you weren’t, and the way his other hand grips your arm betrays that he wishes you weren’t either.

It takes nearly an hour for him to outline the seal on your chest, tears prickling at your eyes the whole time. Choromatsu winces every time a needle pokes into your flesh, and it makes the whole experience worse, somehow. When he finishes, he carefully wipes down your skin with a damp cloth, and tells you to give it a try. You don’t know what to do, you’ve never done it before, but you’re a dragon and you’re supposed to have innate skills when it comes to magic and you squeeze your eyes shut, hoping something will happen if you want it to.

Your skin burns, feels like it’s tearing over your bones, your entire body splitting apart at the seams and you feel so, so warm, but you grit your teeth and keep pushing. The rune on your chest crackles as you struggle through the process, pushing with your mind at the limits of your body and testing how far you can go. You don’t know when to stop, but when the pain subsides and you’re left with a dull ache and a pounding headache you let your eyes crack open.

You look at your hands, and sure enough the scales that normally pepper your wrists are gone.
The mage is sitting in front of you, a proud smile across his face that doesn’t feel quite right, his eyes sad. 

“You’re in control of your transformations now, Osomatsu.”




It’s weird, being able to change your appearance. Even when you’re fully human, puffs of smoke pop out of your mouth when you laugh too hard and your back is full of tension, like your wings are trying to push against the wall of skin that traps them.

The other way is just as bad, though. When you’re fully draconian, you feel clumsy and strange, your limbs too thick and your back too long. Your tongue feels smooth and heavy in your mouth and doesn’t move the way you want it to, growls and chirps coming out of your mouth whenever you try to talk, and the whole time it feels like you’re straining yourself to push this side of you out, but you have to force yourself to hold it.

So you stay mostly human, mostly dragon -- you can really only hold either form fully for half an hour, anyway.




“This is boring,” you whine, laying your head on the wooden desk, a few chirps rising from the back of your throat. Your fingers uncurl from around the piece of charcoal you were using to write, and you watch as it rolls across the table, leaving a dusty trail in its wake.

“Do you need help?” The Mage offers, leaning over from his enormous tome to see your progress. 

“No, it’s just boring!” You huff, folding your arms across your chest as a thin trail of smoke flits out of the corner of your mouth.

He turns back to his book, licking a finger before turning the page. “If you want to catch up to Karamatsu, you have to finish this lesson today.”

With a dramatic sigh, you sit up and grab the charcoal again. If Karamatsu can do it, so can you.




Karamatsu is thrilled when you join him in his lessons, though his tutors seem uncomfortable by your presence. You’re used to it, though, all of the castle staff seem on edge whenever you’re in the room.

The two of you start practicing Latin together. You don’t care much about the language, but you look forward to seeing him every day again. 




Your wooden sword hits Karamatsu’s with a sharp clack. There’s no force behind the blow, the entire fight a farce for the sake of the story.

“Augh!” Karamatsu cries dramatically, clutching his chest and falling to his knees. “I! Have been slain!” He shouts before collapsing forward onto the floor, his arms splayed out at wide angles from his body.

You smirk triumphantly, scratching under your nose and pointing your blade at Choromatsu huddled under the table.

“You’re safe now! The knight has saved you!”

Choromatsu just glares.

“Next time, I’m not going to be the princess.”

“No!” You stomp your foot. “You’re supposed to tell me I’m cool and strong!” 

Choromatsu keeps complaining and won’t play his part right, and the two of you end up rolling around on the floor wrestling. Karamatsu, ever dedicated to his role, remains motionless until the Mage brings in celery sticks with peanut butter, and pieces of jerky for you.




“The King has learned of your lessons and wishes for you to appear in front of the court.”

The letter crinkles in the Mage’s tight grip, his mouth pressed into a thin, nervous line, but all you can think about is how you get to see the Royal Guard all lined up and the King and you get to show off all the cool stuff you know.




“The King?” The Knight’s eyebrows knit together. She has the same thick, pointed brows that Karamatsu does.

The Mage nods solemnly, and Karamatsu turns to you with wide eyes. He does his best to give a reassuring smile, but it’s not genuine and you can feel it. You don’t blame him -- the King has never requested his presence.

You hear him ask the Knight why his father doesn’t want to see him, and, in the tone that adults use when they are lying to children, she says that his letter will come some day.




Your first appearance before the Royal Court is uncomfortable. You’re still not used to holding your human form for this long on your own, and the formal clothing sticks to your skin and chafes compared to the baggy, open backed shirts the Mage lets you wear when you run around his tower.

The Mage keeps his hand on your back as you follow the carpet that runs to the thrones. Knights are lined up on either side, and you can feel their eyes digging into you from under those dark visors. 

The King sits, posture stiff, his eyes fixed on you. You’ve never seen him this close before, and though you were told not to stare you can’t help but gape at him. There’s a hint of recognition on his face, something contemptuous and mean that scares you, but you stumble forward on shaky knees and bow, like you had been told to do.

You wait for the King’s hand to enter your field of vision, for him to offer you his ring to kiss, but long moments tick by and he doesn’t. Glancing up, he’s glaring at you, and the Mage grabs the back of your shirt and forces you upright.

“He’s been taking lessons?” The King asks.

“Yes, my liege.” The Mage responds.

“Very well. He will present what he has learned.”

The Mage’s grip on your shirt tightens. “My liege, I’m not sure--”

“Boy!” The King addresses you, his glare piercing and terrifying. You feel so small, surrounded on all sides by people much bigger than you. “What are you learning?”

Your throat feels dry, too tight, and tears are prickling at the corners of your eyes.

“L-latin, maths, and history.” Your voice shakes and your face burns.

The King laughs. “How interesting. He almost seems civilized!” The Mage winces next to you. “You will keep me abreast of his progress, and I expect regular presentations to the Court so we may gauge whether or not he is a danger to us.”

The Mage mumbles out an affirmation, bowing deeply before pulling you away. You don’t understand what happened but the Mage’s face is flushed with embarrassment and anger the whole way back to the tower.




Age 6

You and Karamatsu share a birthday, though you had hatched in the morning and he had been born in the evening.

The Knight brings you fresh hams that you tear apart with your growing fangs and claws, but she smiles and runs her hand between your horns because she thinks you’re cute even when you’re a little monster.

The Mage gives Karamatsu scrolls with song lyrics, usually in Latin, or books with gilded illustrations of historical knights. You and Karamatsu spend hours laying side by side, flicking through the pages, marking the pictures you like best with bits of torn paper as bookmarks.




You begin to realize that when the Knight shuts the storybook three pages from the ending, it’s because the knight kills the dragon. Her version of the story is better, you think.




The Mage wakes you up gently. It’s a dark, moonless night, the flickering light from his torch cutting harsh shadows across his face. He cradles you in his arms, wrapping his cloak around you as you doze even though you’re getting too big to carry. When he said that you would practice tonight, you had been thrilled, but right now you’re sleepy and cranky, nuzzling into his chest with a whine when the cold night air hits your face.

He flashes his ring to the guards at the gate, and they let him pass into the fields behind the castle.

You drift in and out of consciousness, the steady crunch of his boots on dirt giving rhythm to your hazy awareness of reality until he stops, stooping to lower you to the ground. Your legs wobble a bit and sleep is still tugging at your eyelids, but you steady yourself against him and rub your eyes with a yawn.

The grass comes up to your neck, and it makes you feel safe somehow, like you’re being swaddled by something warm even though the crisp night air bites at your cheeks. The Mage taps your shoulder to get your attention, and you tug your nightgown over your head.

You go through the motions, like you practiced, shutting your eyes and balling your hands into fists as the tattoo on your chest sputters and hisses like a fire being hit with water, glowing an ethereal red. A knife drives into your stomach and sends shards of pain coursing through your veins, chasing the rest of your sleepiness away.

Harsh pressure builds up in your skull like your eyes are going to pop out, but you keep pushing, and the pain melts into a cacophony of input, and you feel like hot wax being poured into a different mold, like you’re being formed into something new.

Your muscles pulse strangely under your new skin, and you blink your eyes open, trying to refocus with new pupils. Your legs don’t move quite right, the joints in unfamiliar places, and you stumble to the side before regaining your balance. The Mage pats your snout, hands feeling strange on the thick hide of your scales, and you huff out a dark plume of smoke before you take off at a gallop.

He’d read you all the books he could find, but nothing could quite prepare you for trying to fly on your own. You careen into the ground face first, bits of dirt lodging under your scales and your horns scraping against the rough earth, turning to the Mage with pleading eyes because you’re bored and tired and it’s cold and you want to go back to bed. 

But you can’t talk, not when you’re like this, and you know you had begged for this for months, so you shake yourself with a motion that feels more instinctual than anything else, digging your claws into the dirt and trying again.

You figure out how to angle your wings to glide, how to get the membranes to catch the air just right to keep you up, and make it pretty far across the field, the tips of grass tickling your stomach. You get cocky and try to go across a nearby lake, and end up skipping along the surface of the water like a stone before landing in the shallow muddy water with a splash, losing your concentration and transforming back into a weird kid with weird horns.

The Mage takes you home after that, draping his cloak over your shoulders, congratulating you on a job well done. You almost think the whole thing is a dream but you still have a scrape on your chin from skidding across the ground the next morning.




Age 7

“I met my brother!”

“What?” You never thought he’d actually get to meet him.

“Yeah! We went fishing! My mom took us and we sang and he told me about being a Prince and it was amazing! He thinks I’m so cool!” Karamatsu is bouncing, his hands cupping yours in an expression of affection that the two of you are probably a little too old for. You pull out of his grasp, punching him in the shoulder instead.

“That’s amazing! Do you get to see him again?” He nods in response, and teaches you the rhymes that Prince Todomatsu taught him. They’re for kids younger than the two of you, but every single thing Karamatsu learns about his brother tickles him. You make jabs about how dumb he’s acting when he pauses for breath, but smile and listen until he’s done. 




The Mage holds your hand as he leads you down the twisting staircase to the castle’s treasury. The knights at the entrance stiffen when they see you, and don’t step aside once the Mage approaches.

“I wish to enter,” the Mage says.

“Sir, are you sure that it is wise to bring… that into the treasury?” One of the knights asks.

“It is not your place to question my decisions. The next time you do, I will tell the Captain of the Guard that you have been speaking out of turn.” His tone is cold and commanding, not one you hear often.

The knight blanches, mumbling an apology as he steps aside.

“Thank you. Don’t make faces, Osomatsu.” You don’t know how he saw you start to stick out your tongue without moving his head, but snap your head forward and follow him through the stone archway into the treasury.

The room is large, lined with locked boxes in a careful grid, but the Mage approaches the center of the room where a magical barrier surrounds a ruby the size of your head.

You stare at it, something in your chest tightening uncomfortably. A hunger tugs at your entire body, your skin feeling too warm and you can’t figure out why. Your grip on the Mage’s hand tightens and he starts to speak.

“You’re a dragon, so you are naturally attracted to riches. This one belonged to your mother. It’s important you become familiar with this feeling, so that you can continue to live here.”

You just gape at the stone and feel overwhelmed for a few minutes before the Mage turns and starts to take you back up to the tower. Something primal claws at the inside of your stomach for the rest of the night and all you can think about is how good that gem looked and the King’s voice repeating “he almost looks civilized.”




Karamatsu starts sword training, so you start sword training as well. He spends hours practicing stances, going through the exercises and muttering instruction at himself as he cycles through the positions, correcting himself. It’s like he’s another person when he’s focused, and you envy that -- concentration has never been your forte.

You stick with it, only because of Karamatsu’s insistence.

“We both have to be really good fighters when we go adventuring together!” He smiles at you with bright eyes and it’s enough to make you practice your footwork once in awhile.




Age 8

Choromatsu, the apprentice, joins your lessons with Karamatsu. You tease him until his face turns red and Karamatsu can’t stifle his laughter and the tutor shouts at all three of you, but Choromatsu brags about how much smarter he is than you. 

He seems to be able to focus the way Karamatsu can, but with books instead of sword fighting. You quash the feeling of jealousy that blooms in your throat, coming up with a new mean nickname instead.

Because he lives in the tower with you and the Mage, he sees the way you struggle with your assignments and, despite his gloating, spends hours sitting next to you, doing his best to teach you what seems to come so easily to him. He’s a poor instructor, impatient and immature, and you can’t stand being corrected, so the two of you usually end up bickering instead. 

He’s a terrible fighter but knows a lot of ways to call you dumb, so you usually end up putting him in a headlock until he says uncle.




You and Karamatsu don’t need to look at the Mage’s atlas to remember the names of the countries you’re going to visit when you get older -- you’ve traced the rivers and roads enough times that you can recite the route off the top of your head.

You think about the places as you fall asleep. How they smell, the weather, what the people are like. If they’ll look at you with the same disgust as everyone else, or if you’ll be treated like an adventurer and hero.




Every year, near the beginning of summer, there’s a festival held on the castle grounds to celebrate the anniversary of the King’s rescue and the slaying of the final Dragon. 

You, Karamatsu, and Choromatsu crowd the window in the tower, watching in awe as Pages scurry around in the yellow fields propping up archery targets and hanging broad sheets of cloth across wooden stakes to make shady overhangs, the fabric turning the dry summer grass into a patchwork of bright colors. You revel in the smell of hot oil and barbeque as it wafts up from the booths below in the warm, still air, the weather somehow making hot fried food seem even more appealing.

You’re not allowed to go, though, even though you can see the tiny figures of other palace children weaving between the adults who crowd the food stalls and tournament stands. The Mage calls the entire thing an exercise in barbarism, a bite of genuine anger in his voice, so the three of you spend the days watching the tournaments from afar and the evenings watching people dance around fires and drink, their shadows flickering across the ground as fireworks light up their silhouettes in bursts of impossible colors that feel brighter than anything you’ve ever seen before.

Karamatsu asks his mom why she attends, and she sighs and says it’s her job as Captain of the Guard, but that doesn’t explain why she stands next to the King stiffly during jousts, presenting wreaths of flowers to the winners alongside him like a guest of honor.




A Lord of the Court pointedly drops a coin as you pass by. You skitter after it with a chirp, and Ladies with painted faces giggle behind their fans. You tuck the coin in your pocket anyway, because you’ve seen other kids chase after coins but they don’t get laughed at -- but the way your skin prickles when you run your fingers over the embossed surface reminds you that you’re not like other kids.




Choromatsu starts learning to use a staff, and the Mage includes you in some lessons. The Mage explains that you don’t need a staff, because your entire body is a magical conduit, and you practically start preening at the jealous look Choromatsu shoots your direction. It feels good to be on the other side, for once.




You recite the Latin poem you had memorized for the occasion in front of the Court. You’re better at holding your form, the pressure of your wings pushing under the skin of your back practically nonexistent, but you wince every time you stumble over a syllable or conjugate a word incorrectly. Choromatsu’s voice echoes in your head, the jabs he made about you being lazy and stupid suddenly feeling very heavy and real.

You bow when you finish, as you were told to do.

The King lists off all of your mistakes and you repeat them in your head so that next time, next time you can get it right. You write them down as soon as you return to the tower, and Karamatsu gives you a thumbs up and assures you that you’ll get it next time.




Age 9

You finish reciting Plato’s Theory of Forms, all in Latin. The Mage told you it would be challenging to have it prepared in time for your appearance before the Court, but you did it. As the final word rolls off of your tongue, you bow, and despite the critical voice in your head that usually points out all your flaws, you can’t think of any. It was perfect. You can’t help the way your lips curl up, hoping that your posture will hide it from the King. 

“His pronunciation is weak,” the King says, and a weight slams into your chest, the smile sliding off of your face.

“It was atrocious,” the Queen agrees from her position to the King’s right, “but rather impressive for an animal.” She titters and her ladies in waiting nod to one another. You ignore the way your ears burn, keeping your back straight and your posture appropriately reverent.

You never try quite so hard at your lessons again.




“If the King hates dragons so much, why didn’t they kill me?”

“He wanted to,” the Mage responds, carefully weighing out a powder on a scale before shaking it into a glass vial. “The Knight found your egg after your mother was slain, and I insisted on raising the offspring until the King relented and agreed.”

“Why?”

“Because I told the King you could be useful. Dragons are very powerful magical creatures, you know, and many potions use ingredients that can be harvested from them.” There’s a cynical, almost sterile quality to his tone, but it’s familiar at this point.

“So you kept me because I was useful?” There’s no malice or sarcasm in your voice, just the earnest curiosity of a child asking questions he knows are hard. Your tail is flicking back and forth behind you as you think.

“No.” He uncorks another bottle, tilting it ever so slightly to dribble a bit of its contents into the original vial. “I do not see you as a tool, and I don’t encourage you to think of yourself in that way. The Kingdom will always tell you that you are a means to an end but you are the last of an ancient, proud, powerful race.”

You don’t know what he means, but nod anyway. 




You get invited to go fishing with Karamatsu and his brother, once. He’s only a year younger than the two of you, but he feels so far behind. 

Karamatsu sits between the two of you, alternating between laughing at your jokes that go over the youngest’s head, and making dramatic statements at Todomatsu. You notice the way Totty’s eyes light up when Karamatsu poses and you feel a pang of something you don’t want to think about, and focus on fishing instead.




“Why did you keep me?” You ask the Mage, as he stirs something in a cauldron. A plume of green smoke rises from the surface of the liquid, a distinct smell of sulfur and cinnamon wafting across the air.

“Because it was the right thing to do, and a dear friend of mine asked me.” 

“Who was your friend?”

“Someone with a debt to pay.”

He says it with an air of finality and you don’t press further, watching him finish the potion in silence.




Choromatsu and Karamatsu let you lead. When you think of a new way to get out of doing your lessons, or some way to trick the Mage, they follow. Choromatsu hesitates, wavers behind you, but Karamatsu never falters, his determination spelled out across his open face as he shoots you a thumbs up and trusts you without question.

No matter how many times you get caught, or things go wrong, this doesn’t change. You lead, they follow.




Age 10

The other children of the Court are nice enough, when you’re allowed to play with them. Despite their parents’ disapproval, you’re funny and loud and they love you. Boys copy your pranks and girls shriek with laughter and run when you blow licks of flame at them. 

Karamatsu is by your side always, looking at you with eyebrows down and smile plastered across his face, proud to know you and be your best friend, and you swear you could glow when he looks at you like that. 

The kids love him too, because his mom is Captain of the Guard and his dad is the King, and you’re all too young to understand why a bastard is a bad thing. They ooh when he talks about his royal blood, and when he presses his hand to his chest and sparkles, they agree it’s because of his regal lineage.

Choromatsu makes fun of you two for getting cooties, but because you’re ten the two of you just stick out your tongues and call him gross.




Sometime this year, you fully realize how the King could kill you with a word. You don’t try much harder to impress him, but something burns in your chest every time you finish presenting to him, a shard of fear that he’s going to tell the knights that line the throne room to attack.

The command never comes, and he dismisses you without incident. You bow and leave.




Karamatsu spends more time with Todomatsu, but his letter from the King never arrives. You want him to stop hoping for it, but no matter how many times you tell him about the humiliation of presenting your lessons to the Court, the fear you have when he glares at you, Karamatsu just gets frustrated and tells you to stop saying those things about his dad, saying you sound like Todomatsu.

It makes you feel less real than you already are.




You get your first kiss before either Choromatsu or Karamatsu, from a blushing girl with ribbons in her hair who runs away after her lips barely brush yours, her friends screaming with laughter the whole time. You don’t stop bragging about it for weeks, even after you learn that her friends had dared her to do it.

The kids of the Court dare each other to touch your horns or tail, pulling their hands away like they got burnt and squealing “eww” while laughing hysterically. You love the attention, and you love making them laugh, so you ignore the way Karamatsu grimaces every time someone asks if they can feel your wing membrane.




You explain to Choromatsu how your presentations to the King usually go, and he gapes at you the whole time. When you’re done, he pulls you into a hug and squeezes you tight, because if he was in your position he’d cry every time.

He doesn’t criticize you as much during your lessons anymore.




Age 11

The King grows disinterested in your lessons now that you’ve stopped trying so eagerly to please him.

“I trust that I will hear if anything happens of note,” he says to the Mage, who bows deeply and promises that he will.




You’ve heard the story a hundred times, about how the King was held captive by a dragon and how the Knight saved him, but you never put it together quite the right way.

A horrible wrenching feeling pulls at your gut everytime you notice her staring at you with those sad eyes. You wonder if she really cares or if she just feels guilty before tackling Karamatsu to the ground and wrestling instead.

You don’t watch the Festival quite the same way anymore.




Other than the Mage and the Knight, Karamatsu is the only one who never looks at you with fear. Even the kids you play with start acting a little on edge when you’re around, but you pretend not to notice.




Age 12

It’s been six months since the King last summoned you to the Court when another letter is delivered to the tower on a silver platter, a familiar coat of arms pressed into the wax seal.

Some diplomats from somewhere are coming and the King wishes for your presence. Apparently, having the last dragon tamed and trained makes for fantastic bragging rights.

So you show up, wearing your formal clothes and a historical ballad about your country memorized, but the King waves his hand when you stand in front of the throne, the line up of diplomats staring at you with a fresh curiosity on one side of him, and the Queen and Todomatsu on the other.

“Show them your true form, what you really are.”

You look behind you, glancing at the Mage, who just stares at you helplessly before giving you a weak nod. You unbutton your shirt, and the seal on your chest crackles with magic as your skin tears apart and your bones rearrange, horns bursting out of your head with a sick snap that makes you dizzy no matter how many times you hear it, your skin burning as it splits into hard red scales up your back and torso. It feels like someone ran a hook into your back and is tugging hard, as the bones of your wings grow outwards, pulling a thin membrane of skin behind them.

You’re dizzy, and tired, breathing hard by the time you’re finished, panting on all fours like an animal.

The King smiles, something cold in his eye, the Queen grimaces, the diplomats ooh and clap, but Todomatsu just stands there stiffly, shame and fear coloring his round features.

The King asks if you know any tricks.

You shoot fire out of your nipples, and they applaud. Todomatsu’s face snaps to a practiced expression of amusement when the Queen looks to him, but falls the moment she turns away.

You don’t realize until you get back to the tower that you had ripped your pants with your tail and you throw them away, even though the Mage would have sewn them up for you.




You sit at the window with your leg hanging off of the sill, watching people scurry about the castle grounds. Choromatsu sits at the desk behind you, the sound of his quill scratching against parchment adding a steady rhythm to the otherwise quiet afternoon.

There’s a soft rapping at the door and you ignore it, letting Choromatsu sigh and stand up to get it.

“Hel-- Hey!” You drag your eyes away from the view below and see Choromatsu sputtering as the Prince pushes past him and slams the door quickly, bolting it shut.

“What are you doing?” Choromatsu asks, full of apprehension.

“Don’t worry about it,” Todomatsu replies curtly, scanning the room. His eyes light up when he spots you.

“Karamatsu isn’t here,” you say, turning around to rest your head on your knee and watch the palace grounds below once more.

You can feel Todomatsu tense up at your dismissal of him, but his voice is sickeningly sweet when he says, “I’m here to see you, actually!”

Your wings flex behind you instinctively, betraying your curiosity. “About what?” 

He puts a hand to his chest with a wounded expression. “Can’t a prince visit his half-brother’s dearest friends just because?”

His shoulders tense up in alarm when you and Choromatsu shoot him the same unimpressed look from opposite sides of the room before his posture slumps down in defeat. 

“OK, OK, I just…,” he searches for the words, his face screwing up in concentration and embarrassment, cheeks flushing slightly. “I just, I mean-- I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

“For my dad. He’s...not a good man.”

You snort. Todomatsu stiffens, a shade of indignance coloring his features as he balls his fists at his sides.

“OK, he’s a really shitty man. The worst, probably. And the way he treats you isn’t right, and he doesn’t take me seriously, and he never talks to my mom,” Todomatsu spills all of the things he hates about his father but never had a space to say, never had room to think. His practiced, pleasant expressions are gone, replaced with the quiet, pink-faced fury of a child.

You wonder what Karamatsu would do if he saw his little brother standing in front of him like this, if he heard his little brother talking about the King this way.

“He really sucks, doesn’t he?” You say, interrupting his babbling. He looks up at you with his mouth agape and relief melts across his face, the wrinkle in his forehead relaxing as he smiles.

“The worst!!” Todomatsu says with emphasis, and the two of you smile at one another.

You beckon him over and he crosses the room with the royal confidence back in his step. He sits beside you, legs swinging off of the windowsill and you point out the best places to watch people scurry around the castle grounds, and he leans over and tells you the filthiest rumors about the tiny figures darting around below.

Todomatsu starts to come by on his own, without Karamatsu. You ask him how he manages to sneak out, and he just winks and giggles.




You’re old enough and obnoxious enough that people have stopped hushing themselves when they whisper things about you. They call you dangerous, wild, angry. They talk about your roughhousing, your pranks, venom in their tone that stings when you hear it.

The effect is only worse when Karamatsu walks beside you, and suddenly the two of you are the Dragon and the Bastard, the pariahs allowed in the castle only by the King’s good graces and big heart.

Their kids start picking on you, starting fights in the gardens behind the castle, out of sight from adult eyes. You and Karamatsu have been appropriately described as scrappy, and manage to hold your own, but neither of you ever throws the first punch. Karamatsu holds a quiet pride in that, and you let him keep it, shooting him a shit eating grin after each fight and congratulating him on a job well done.




You ask the Knight what she ever saw in the King. She sighs, a bit pained.

“I loved him. He was my prince, and I was his knight,” she says, carefully considering her words. “It felt like a storybook romance, and I wanted that.” 

You look at her incredulously. “But you knew he was a jerk, right?”

She laughs, a high, rapid sound like a bird song. “Yeah, I knew.”

“Then why’d you love him?”

She runs her hand through your hair and repeats a familiar Latin motto, one you’ve heard Karamatsu say a hundred times.

“Even a God finds it hard to love and be wise at the same time.” She flashes you a sad smile, and you almost feel guilty for asking, even though you don’t know why.




You start having dreams about being human.

The worst ones are the ones where you’re a prince and Karamatsu is the knight, and he slays a dragon with your face and saves you.




Age 13

The boys of the Court start vocational training and you find yourself struggling to keep up with their conversations. When you blow fire at girls they don’t scream anymore. They just roll their eyes, call you a child, and coldly walk away. 

They treat Karamatsu differently, too. When he mentions his royal blood, they look at one another like he said something funny. If he notices the shift, he doesn’t stop bringing it up, proud despite whispers of bastard and mongrel that follow him when he walks through the castle.

You know that you haven’t changed, so they must have. Karamatsu listens when you complain about them being tight-asses, holding your shoulder and nodding in agreement when you say that they don’t deserve you.

The two of you start planning more elaborate pranks and get decidedly less popular as time goes on.




Karamatsu talks about his training, about becoming a knight and patrolling the castle. You tease him, but your stomach ties into knots at the thought of him planning a future without you.




You get your hands on a print of a woman bathing. You stare at it at night, after Choromatsu has fallen asleep, sorting through the feelings it gives you.




“Where’s your friend, freak?” The kid shoves your shoulder hard, but you flick your tongue out, trying to goad him into hitting you so that you can hit back.

“It must be lonely, being the last dragon. We should fix that for you.” One of his friends tackles you to the ground from behind, and a girl pins your arms. You thrash, but the kid on top of you pushes forward and slams your chest into the ground, knocking the wind out of you.

“This is your last chance -- we’ll let you go if you beg.” You spit on his feet and the kid sitting on your back grabs one of your horns and smashes your face into the ground. Stars explode in front of your eyes as your lip splits on impact, your mouth filling with the iron taste of blood and the grit of soil.

A snarl erupts out of your throat, but it just emphasizes how impotent you are in this situation and they laugh, calling you an animal. You hate it, you hate the way they laugh at it and you snarl louder. One of the kids grabs your wing and pulls it, tugging it uncomfortably straight and you hiss, furious until you hear the sound of a knife coming out of a sheath.

Your stomach turns to ice and you scream, you start the beg the way they were trying to get you to beg earlier but they don’t stop, stretching your wing a little straighter as they as they slip the blade in between your back and the membrane of your wing. Your voice is high and loud and tears are streaming down your face because it burns, it hurts so badly, and you can’t tell if it’s because of the way your skin is splitting apart around the metal or the humiliation or both.

The stretch of the metal stops and one of the kids gasps, shouting as the pounding of footsteps gets closer, a solid thwack sending the weight on top of you flying.

“Get up!” Your eyes snap open at the voice. He’s speaking Latin, so that you’ll understand and no one else will. “Osomatsu, get up!”

You don’t have to look up to recognize Karamatsu’s feet, but you do anyway. He stays above you for a second, haloed by the sun, before lunging at someone outside of your field of vision. That’s the only thing you needed to see to roll over, shove off of the ground and land a solid kick to the head of the kid who was holding the knife.

He slams into the ground with a sharp cry, and a firm grip wraps around your upper arm. The girl is tugging you towards her as she cocks her fist back, but you headbutt her hard with a resounding crack, ignoring the way your head pulses as streaks of red start oozing out of her nose. She doesn’t let go of your arm, getting ready to try to punch you again when someone shouts that someone is coming, and everyone scatters in a panic. 

You spin around, looking for Karamatsu, but he’s already grabbing your arm and pulling you in the opposite direction of the other kids, deeper into the Royal Gardens. You sprint until your legs feel like they’re going to give out, your lungs burning and head pounding with adrenaline, until Karamatsu swings behind one of the garden walls and you collapse to the ground behind it.

This far from the Palace, the only sounds are your ragged, noisy breaths and your pulse banging in your ears. You hurt all over, sharp pains running through your chest and face and your wing every time you move, a dull ache pressing against your chest and a prickling at the corner of your eyes.

“Are you OK?” Karamatsu’s voice sounds like it’s a million miles away, but when you look up he’s just inches from your face. His face is pale, a scrape along his cheek oozing beads of red that contrast sickeningly with his pallid complexion, the skin around his right eye red and swelling in the telltale precursors to a shiner that are too familiar.

And something breaks, seeing your best friend beat to shit for you. You bury your face in your hands and cry, for the first time in years. Each shake of your shoulders sends another wince of pain through your body and you’re exhausted, you just want to go home. 

Karamatsu slings an arm over your shoulder and leans against you, a sniffle escaping him as well.

“Sorry,” you say, your voice broken and croaky from crying. He doesn’t say anything, just carefully pulls one of your hands from your face and laces his fingers between yours. He’s shaking, trying to be reassuring even though he’s just as scared as you are, and he presses a kiss to your right cheek and then to your left, just like he did when you were five and you were hurt.

The Mage reprimands you both for fighting when you get home, but cleans you up anyway. Choromatsu sits behind him the whole time, nodding in agreement as the Mage reminds you how irresponsible the two of you are, gently rubbing a healing salve over your split lip. 

You don’t tell the Mage about your wing, so the notch remains. You stop leaving the tower with your tail and wings out, though.




You know there’s no apprenticeship you can apply for, because being a dragon is worse than being a bastard, no matter how human you look. You don’t ask, and the Mage never offers, another uncomfortable topic the two of you avoid.

Sometimes you wonder if you’re going to spend your whole life in this tower, eating meals paid for by the Crown that killed your mother, your entire race, and a dim spark jerks to life in your stomach.

But you’re fed, and you’re safe, and you have friends. It’s comfortable, and you’d rather be comfortable than anything else.




It’s a hot summer day, and the stifling heat in the tower is insufferable. You and Karamatsu have stripped down to your skivvies and lay on the cool stone floor, sprawled out uselessly on your stomach as Karamatsu lies on his side, arms splaying like pale branches towards you.

“Man, I never want to do anything, ever,” you say. It’s a lie. You still think about the adventures that you planned when you were a kid. You want to go with him somewhere far away from the judgemental eyes of Royalty and the pressures to perform and the harsh whispers of Palace folk as you pass by. You want to have fun, you want people to smile when they see you coming, to cheer when you succeed. 

“Me neither,” he says. It’s also a lie. He got a letter a few days ago, admitting him to becoming a Royal Page. He had nearly cried -- if his mom wasn’t the Captain of the Guard, a bastard would have never been admitted, and even then there was still a very real chance of rejection.

He only ever talks about joining the Palace Guard, like the Knight, but somewhere in the back of your mind you know he hates the way they look at him, the dirty jokes they make about his blood no matter how hard he tries, the father that won’t look at him when he’s right there.

You want him to keep destroying himself for their approval so that he won’t leave you. He should want to leave. But he doesn’t. 

So you let yourself sweat onto the slate floor, your tail flicking behind you as you stretch out your wings, flapping a cool breeze in his direction. He groans appreciatively, and you’re happy you can do this one thing for him.




You’ve gotten better at holding your human form. It still feels strained, forced, but you can comfortably maintain it for a while, unless you get really angry.

Kids make a sport out of shouting insults at you, trying to catch glimpses of your scales crawling up your neck, whooping and jeering when they notice your shirt tighten around the nubs of wings peeking out of your back. You try to tell yourself that you don’t care but you’ve always been horrible at hiding your emotions, so you ruin a few shirts before you give up and commit to wearing halter tops.




You break the unspoken rule and punch one of the kids teasing you before they make the altercation physical. Karamatsu doesn’t look at you for the rest of the day and your body aches, both from where you got punched in the stomach and from the horrible itch of something inside you that wants to be free, something that needs to get out.

You get really good at ignoring that itch after a while.




Age 14

Between the three of you, you practically have the Royal Guard’s patrols memorized. You and Karamatsu sneak down to the kitchens every few nights and steal excess food from under chef’s noses, lining your pockets with sweet rolls and dried meats and laughing as you huddle together behind a suit of armor and stuff yourselves. 

It doesn’t take long for Choromatsu to join in, spending most of the time whispering judgemental insults to the two of you, calling you crazy and criminal, but he’s the one who stares at the fishmonger’s pretty daughter for hours at a time. He blushes when you bring it up, stuttering as he repeats the vow of celibacy he took in order to become apprentice to the Royal Mage -- it doesn’t stop him from staring at her, though.




Sometimes people wave gold coins in front of your face and tease you. You practice in front of the mirror, trying to keep the desperate glint out of your eye as the feeling of wanting something so bad your body hurts envelops you, but you can never get it quite right.

You keep a coin in your pocket, rubbing it with your thumb when you feel anxious.




Everyone has an innate alignment of magic inside of them. Your inclination is fire, unsurprisingly. Karamatsu has an affinity for water, and you pout because it’s unfair that you’re weak to him.

He just winks at you and clasps your hand. “Don’t have any concern, for I would never raise a blade in anger against you.”

Choromatsu’s alignment is with nature and you go out of your way to reassure him that you would absolutely raise a blade in anger against him, and he gets pissy about it.




You brag when Choromatsu studies, about how nice it is that you have nothing to do but play and relax. 

It’s not much comfort when you wait alone in the tower for hours for Karamatsu to come back from training.




Sometimes the Mage receives letters that he crumples up and burns with a flick of his finger. You sneak one into your room once, carefully peeling underneath the wax seal so that you can shut it again.

watch your back
if that monster doesnt kill you soon i will

You don’t go through the Mage’s mail ever again.




Sometimes Karamatsu reaches for you hand, like he did when you were younger. You usually pull away, but sometimes you run your thumb over his knuckles, feeling the callouses on his palms with your fingers.

His hands are starting to feel like his mom’s hands, broad and strong. You wonder if yours feel the same, but you never ask.




Age 15

When you turn fifteen, he gives you a birthday present for the first time. You gape at the parcel in your hands, taken aback, before tearing off the thick brown paper and prying the box open. You don’t read the letter first, and if he’s disappointed he doesn’t show it.

A brooch shaped like a skull looks back at you with hollow eye sockets and you attach it to your shirt immediately. You tell him it looks metal as hell, and he blushes with a quiet pride every time you point it out to someone, slapping him on the back and crediting him for your new fashion accessory.




You walk in on Choromatsu jacking off. Even the Mage laughs when you call him Fappymatsu.




Every few years, the Mage has to reline the seal on your chest. Choromatsu’s studies have advanced enough that the Mage asks him to do it this time.

He sits in front of you with shaking hands and you remember the fear on his face the first time you ever had to do this, the way he winced every time the needle dug into your skin. He looks the same as that tiny five year old right now, pale with apprehension. His eyes dart to your face and you grin at him lazily.

“Don’t fuck up, Chorofapski,” you say with a smirk, swiping your finger under your nose.

He stiffens, frowning indignantly and lowering his brows in determination.

“That’s not my name,” he mutters before dipping the first needle into ink and starting to chant.

He does fine, and you’re relieved.




Something changes in Karamatsu’s face this year. His jaw squares differently, and though your face does the same thing, it just looks right on him. His training is paying off, and you stare at him sometimes from the courtyard, watching him spar with the other Pages. You take up sword fighting again, having abandoned it years ago after reaching a plateau in skill. 

You overhear people tittering about the tragedy of how pretty he is, considering his birth. They fetishize it, almost, like he’s the dark love interest in a steamy romance novel, like they can purify him somehow and make him whole. It sickens you, because he’s always been whole and you’re the one who’s been using him to fix yourself.




He starts hiding sprigs of dried lavender in his clothes, so he always smells like a field. It’s a little overpowering sometimes.




Karamatsu finally figures it out. Rather, someone told him that his mom killed the last dragon, and he puts together that it means his mom killed your mom.

He sits against the wall, holding his head in his hands with hot tears streaming down his face. They drip off of his chin onto the stone floor in tiny, dark circles.

“I’m sorry,” he says.

“Don’t be. It’s not your fault.” He’s the last person who should be apologizing for how they treat you, for this whole situation.

“Do you hate her?” He asks in a quiet voice.

“No. I don’t think so.”

You sit next to him in silence for a while. You didn’t cry when you figured it out, and you wonder what’s different about him, what happened to make him so trusting and emotional, what softness inside of him felt so betrayed by the truth.

“Wait, does this mean you don’t know she changed how the stories ended, too?” Karamatsu looks at you with a mixture of shock and horror, and you spend the rest of the evening digging through your old bookshelf and showing him how few stories actually ended with the dragon and the knight being friends. 

He sits with his legs curled up to his chest, surrounded by books lying open on the floor around him, leafing through pictures stained bright red with dragon blood. 

You sit on the bed and let him figure it out, because you still don’t know what you’re supposed to feel.




When you lead, Karamatsu and Choromatsu still follow. Choromatsu is more determined, more helpful than he was when you were younger, less skittish and more willing to take risks. 

Karamatsu still trusts you, but he holds you to a higher standard than before. When Choromatsu slips and falls down the stairs when you’re avoiding some guards and you have to cover his mouth with your hand to stifle his tears, he looks at you with betrayal and sadness in his eyes.

“You’re the oldest,” he says, “you’re supposed to keep the rest of us safe.”

You wonder when that responsibility became yours.




The Mage exhales slowly, pinching the bridge of his nose.

“Again,” he says.

“What? We’ve been here for hours!” You sound like a kid when you whine like this.

“You sound like a child when you whine like that.” His voice is patient, even, without any of the petulance you have when you berate yourself. You bristle, feeling the scales crawl up your neck.

He sees the way your shoulders stiffen and he runs his tongue across his lips.

“One more try, Osomatsu. Please.”

With a huff, you blow a tail of smoke out of your mouth and hold your palms face up on the table once more.

You screw your eyes shut, and focus on the heat that courses through your veins, concentrating the energy in your hands.

There’s the telltale crackle of magic, and your eyes snap open. In each hand you hold a ball of fire, but they fizzle out almost as soon as you see them.

You grin at the Mage, who’s smiling back.

“Did you see that?” You ask excitedly and he nods.

“Good job, Osomatsu.” He reaches for your head, hand hovering for a moment before he ruffles your hair, and pushes your back the way he used to when you were allowed to go play.




You and Choromatsu get along fine most of the time.

But when you argue, he pulls no punches.

Once, he says that when he becomes Royal Mage he’s going to have you kicked out of the castle, and only gets angrier when you land one right across his jaw.




Karamatsu lends you a book about the language of flowers. You can’t make yourself get past the first page, and you admit as much when he asks you about it, so he excitedly explains to you his favorite parts.




Karamatsu looks in the mirror a lot. He sits, practicing expressions and pouting his lips at himself. When you and Choromatsu tease him, he flashes you a smile and says, “a man of regal blood such as myself must appreciate the beauty around him,” in perfect Latin.

“A young man ought to be modest,” you shoot back.

You try it once, watching the way your scales melt into your skin and peel back out when you transform, paying careful attention to the way your horns curl out of your head like a spring, but it just makes you sick. You try not to look in mirrors too often.




Age 16

You’re prepared this year when your birthdays comes around.

You shove the parcel into his hands before he can say anything, and he makes a production of thanking you.

He stops monologuing when you punch him in the shoulder, finally tearing off the paper to open it. A medallion hanging on a thick gold chain sits loose at the bottom of the box.

You barely have time to see his face before he barrels into you, his arms wrapping around your shoulders and squeezing you tight. He wears it every day.

He gives you a chain to match the skull brooch, and even though you’re not sure how you feel about the skull motif anymore, you’re never seen without it.




You’ve gotten good enough at fighting again that Karamatsu spars with you. His form is impeccable, practiced and perfect, but he telegraphs his moves years before he makes them. You sidestep nearly all of his attacks, but can never break through his defense to land a blow. 

There’s something exhilarating about clashing blades with him, how he smiles every time you deflect him like he’s proud of you, how the itch of competition digs into your skin when you can’t get him to back off. The two of you don’t really instruct each other, but the more you spar, the more you can see your risky and erratic style rubbing off on him, and you can feel him in your bones whenever you successfully block his blade.




Karamatsu arrives at the tower one day with a bandage wrapped around his head and blood staining the neck of his tunic. The Mage quickly gets to work applying a balm to the wound, and you ask what happened.

“Ah, someone managed to land a pretty solid blow on me during training.” He smiles weakly.

“You’ve never gotten hurt this badly before,” you say, poking his bandage with one finger. He recoils from your touch with a hiss.

“Y-yeah, I was kind of dozing off. I didn’t sleep well last night.” Now that you pay attention, dark bags hang under his eyes.

“You sleep like a log! What happened?” Your tail flicks behind you curiously. He’s not usually this cagey.

“The Prince asked for my presence, late at night. He wanted me to sit outside his door.”

“What? Why?”

Karamatsu shrugs, his smile unwavering. “I think he’s afraid of the dark.”

“Doesn’t he have servants for that?”

“Yeah, but he asked for me.” He smiles at you, full of pride, even though his wound is starting to ooze beneath the bandage again.




You’re old enough to realize that the King just likes to humiliate you.

You behave in front of the Court, doing whatever parlor tricks he asks of you at the drop of a hat like a clown, but you and Karamatsu tar and feather the statues in the Courtyard annually and no one has ever caught you, so maybe it counts as even.




Karamatsu mentions that your horns are starting to turn orange at the tips, and your scales become increasingly flecked with golden yellows. The Mage says it’s a natural part of aging for a dragon. You wish you just started to grow a thin, ugly mustache like Karamatsu did.




Choromatsu is good to talk to. You sit with him and listen to him fret about becoming Royal Mage, about how he might fail and how the Mage may take a different apprentice, how maybe that should happen because he chose this career when he was three and maybe that wasn’t the best time to do that.

Karamatsu shoots him a thumbs up and tells him he believes in him, and you scratch your nose and tell him that he’ll be fine, but something about the way Choromatsu worries makes your stomach tie up. You never ask Karamatsu if he feels the same way.




You walk in on Karamatsu scribbling furiously on a piece of parchment, but he yelps and tries to hide it behind his back.

It doesn’t take much for you to pry it free from his grip, you were always better at wrestling than he was. He stares at the ground, his face red with shame as you read it.

You look up. “Is this for a girl?”

He nods.

You reread the poem before extending your arm to offer it back to him. He balks before grabbing it, holding it close to his chest, and you ignore the way your stomach jumps at the idea of his voice calling you “my love.”

“It’s good!” You reassure him, swiping your finger under your nose.

The anxiety melts off of him and a grin unfurls across his face. “Really?”

It’s not. It’s terrible, maybe one of the worst things you’ve ever read. “Yeah, go get ‘em, lady killer!”




You like it when Karamatsu agrees to hang out with you in the tower, so you can let your tail hang out and your wings flap behind you. It feels natural, even though you know it’s just another form, no less real than any other illusion of humanity they give you.




Karamatsu starts learning to play the lyre, and you and Choromatsu cover your ears and groan loudly whenever he practices, pretending to be physically injured by the sound. He doesn’t quit, though, insisting that a proper gentleman must be well versed in the languages of love and music.

When the two of you are alone, he leans against you and plays the song his mom used to sing as you fell asleep, and you think you know where the two languages intersect.




“Choromatsu.”

“Yeah?” He doesn’t look up from the potion he’s making. The Mage is out, and you’re leaning against the wall upside down, balancing on your head.

“What do you think is going to happen to me? Like, when I grow up.”

Choromatsu stops stirring the cauldron and looks at you. 

“Um….”

It gets uncomfortable. He doesn’t have the knee jerk instinct Karamatsu has to immediately reassure you, because he does worry and he does think about the future. He loves you unconditionally, like family, but failure is a very real option to Choromatsu. You push the thought aside and fall sideways onto the floor, making a big production of hurting your wing so that the subject would be dropped.




You’re trying to sleep when Choromatsu rolls over and shakes you awake. The two of you share a mattress, even though Choromatsu complains about how much you kick in your sleep and you can’t stand how he hogs the blanket.

“Osomatsu.”

You shut your eyes and roll away from him.

“Osomatsu!” 

“I’m trying to sleep, Choromatsu,” you hiss, grogginess making your voice come out slurred and croaky.

“I’m trying to wake you up, idiot!” He hisses back. You squeeze your eyes shut and make an exaggerated snoring sound. 

He bristles next to you, and a pleased smile stretches across your face.

“You’re so obnoxious! You try to act so carefree but I know you’re worried!” You snore louder because you can’t stand when he psychoanalyzes you, when he acts like he’s better than you.

“But you don’t have to be worried. I’ll take care of you.” The snore dies in your throat with a weak gurgle, your eyes snapping open wide before you roll over to face him.

Moonlight streams in from the window, painting a thick stripe across the bed and carving his face with sharp shadows. He looks serious, the same expression he makes when he tries to look mature in front of the Mage, but it’s never been pointed at you before. You stare at him for a moment with tired, lidded eyes, trying to figure out what he means, when you remember the conversation you had earlier that day over potion making.

“Oh, I’m not that-- I mean I don’t--” You’re stuttering, trying to figure out how to make the blood get out of your face.

“I’ll be the Royal Mage, and I’ll make sure the Kingdom takes care of you.” He presses a hand to your shoulder over the covers and looks into your eyes, and you don’t know what to say. You sit in silence for a moment until Choromatsu draws his hand away suddenly, realizing the awkwardness of the situation. He mutters a good night before turning back around and pulling the blanket over himself in the way that leaves your feet peeking out into the cold night air.

He never expresses doubt about his training again.




Karamatsu starts reading more romance books, long diatribes about Courtly Love and ideal romance. You laugh at him as he starts to incorporate the dramatic imagery in his love letters, but he doesn’t stop, and you’re glad he’s so confident because he loves it, and you love the way his eyes light up when he has something new to tell you, some new secret of the heart to share.

You try reading one of the books on your own, but it’s not nearly as engaging as Karamatsu telling you about it. You’re starting to understand why.




He’s sleeping, an afternoon nap after a long day of training. A breeze floats in through the tower window, ruffling his hair slightly, and he snorts before turning, pulling the blanket tighter over his shoulders even though it’s warm.

You were relieved when he went to sleep. He had spent an hour excitedly bragging about his friends in his training group. How cool they are, how much they admire him, what fashions they wear and what words they use. You had read the whole time, pausing occasionally to scratch your butt for emphasis, but no matter how obviously you ignored him he kept talking, imagining the reactions he wanted to hear from you.

You look up from your book, glancing at him now that he’s asleep. There’s something so genuine about how badly he wants to get approval from a new group of people that makes you feel sick to your stomach. You and Choromatsu like him plenty, so what does he need them for?

He looks so soft like this, even though his edges are getting rougher and squarer the older he gets. You throw a pillow at his face and he wakes up with a yelp.




Karamatsu starts wearing sparkly pants, and no matter how much you and Choromatsu cringe and groan he doesn’t stop. 

You kind of wish he would though. They catch the light in a way that makes you think of gems and gold and wake that hunger in your stomach and you feel disgusting and untrustworthy.

He takes you aside one day and asks you earnestly if you like them. His eyes are wide and there’s a thread of concern tugging at his face and you feel like you’re going to break his heart if you express anything but approval, so you put your pointer finger and thumb together in an OK and grin at him, his worry melting away with your praise.




You think about Karamatsu getting married. 

You stop thinking about it.




Age 17

Karamatsu starts calling you “mi frater” and you laugh at him every time he does, his tongue rolling across the Latin r’s so comfortably. You call him “mi fatue” in response and the two of you laugh so hard that you cry, spending the rest of the day looking up insults in Latin.




Karamatsu has written a million poems for a million different girls with mixed results. He tears them up when he’s rejected or gets dumped, a gesture more based in the drama of it than an actual broken heart, so you start squirreling away pages of his notebook in your journal.

You’re not particularly fond of poetry, or his poetry in particular, but the way you can hear his voice when you read them makes you feel… something.

Tucking a new poem into your journal, you absently decide to tell him to lay off of the thesaurus.




You get slapped a lot, usually for reasons you entirely deserve. 

But you figure you don’t have a chance with a human, and all the dragons are dead, so your hands keep finding their way to places they shouldn’t be and people keep slapping you.

They blame your deviance on you being a dragon, and you let them.




You grunt as your sword meets Karamatsu’s in the air, struggling against his weight for a moment before jumping back. He’s breathing hard, his chest heaving with every breath he takes and you can see the sweat streaming down his torso, the two of you having shed your shirts a while ago.

You’re exhausted, but Karamatsu doesn’t relent, coming at you again. His form is perfect, but you deflect his blade with a practiced ease.

“C’mon Karamatsu, surprise me!” You tease, and he smiles at you from underneath his dark bangs, his eyes shining.

“Very well, mi frater, if you insist,” he responds, his breath coming out ragged but voice full of confidence. He does an obvious feint, and you repel his attack from the other side before he can put any of his weight behind it, knocking him back on his ass. 

“I can read you like a book.” You laugh, leaning forward and offering your hand.

He accepts and you pull him off the ground.

“I guess I’ll have to train harder,” he says, flicking his bangs out of his face with a flourish and shutting his eyes dramatically. “Usus est magister optimus.” He cracks an eye open as he finishes, gauging your reaction with a sparkle.

Your heart skips a beat at the sight of him looking at you, half-naked, sweaty and disheveled, and the worst part is that his intentionally flirtatious look is the least beautiful thing about him at that moment.

You’re used to it, though, and shove his shoulder. “Save it for the ladies, you weirdo!” 




You and Choromatsu start practicing magic together more. You’re a perfect partner because you can’t get hurt that badly by anything he throws at you, but you have to be very careful not to burn him.

He gets burned a few times anyway, and he yells and fusses but always practices with you again anyway.




Karamatsu doesn’t manage to make any girl stick, because no matter how pretty he is, they get tired of the way he talks really fast. Sure, they laugh at first, giggling when he calls them endearments in Latin, blushing and pushing him away when he presents them flowers on one knee, but it’s a lot for most girls to handle. He doesn’t respect boundaries, serenading them on balconies and it’s a romantic idea, sure, but in practice it’s just a little embarrassing.

So he pushes harder, adding more compliments to his love letters, more lines to his poetry, more chords to his songs. He professes his love for girls he’s never spoken to before, buying them expensive gifts with all of his money, and he gets a reputation.




Karamatsu gets quiet and serious, steeling himself before he asks.

“Is there something wrong with me? Am I doing something wrong?”

You tell him he’s perfect the way he is. He smiles weakly and your chest hurts because you’re not sure he believes you.




You secretly watch Karamatsu’s training from the Courtyard one day, and you see the way the other Pages flinch when he poses and the way they point as his pants behind his back.

He still leans in your doorway dramatically when he visits you that night, pushing his hair back and lamenting what a struggle it is that he can’t be everywhere at once so that more people can experience his love.

You start sharing his exceptionally bad poems with Choromatsu, snorting over them together.




Karamatsu looks a lot like the Knight, his face sharing the same round cheeks and angled jaw, but he has dark, deep-set eyes, and his lips look different in a way you can’t describe.

He also never looks at you like this, genuine fury knitting her brows together below her helmet, her face red with anger.

You’ve been in her office plenty of times, but usually Karamatsu or Choromatsu are by your side. This time you only have yourself to blame. It was a little ballsy to flip the skirt of one of the Queen’s handmaids, but you hadn’t expected her to scream so loudly.

The Knight shouts at you until her voice is hoarse, slamming her gauntlet-covered fist on the table that sits between you two, but you just absently pick your nose with your pinky and look to the side.

The Mage doesn’t talk to you that night, looking at you sadly. He’s scared you’ll give them an excuse to get rid of you, that you’ll become too much trouble and the King will get tired of making your life hell, that one day his political pull won’t be enough to keep you safe. 




Choromatsu’s training gets more intense, and he spends hours locked up in the tower with the Mage. They send you out, but Karamatsu’s training as a page is also picking up. You find yourself alone a lot.

Sometimes you sit in the trees in the castle’s Courtyard, watching Todomatsu sit by the fountain, surrounded on all sides by handmaids who coo over him.

“Girls, please, my father will be furious if he finds I spent all afternoon here instead of studying.” He smiles, a bit coyly and they practically squeal.

They assure him that they will take the blame, and surely enough when the King marches out into the yard, flanked on either side by knights, they cover for him, apologizing for losing track of time and distracting the darling Prince.

You’ve seen this scene play out a million times, but it’s still hilarious to you that no one calls him out on it. You don’t know whether it’s because he’s royalty, or because the King doesn’t want to argue with him in public, or if people really don’t notice, but you feel like the only person who appreciates both sides of him.




Age 18

Todomatsu is pressed between you and Karamatsu, his face hidden by a hood. Karamatsu clutches his brother’s shoulders tightly, and you slide your hand onto his arm reassuringly. He looks up at you, relaxing into your touch despite the knit of worry squeezing his brows together. You shoot him the same lopsided grin that got him to agree to this plan and he smiles weakly in response.

“Hurry up, idiots!” Todomatsu hisses between clenched teeth.

You peek out, confirming the coast is clear before darting between the bushes that dot the lawn in front of the Palace.

Karamatsu’s knuckles whiten on Totty’s shoulders as the three of you hold your breath, waiting for the next round of patrols to pass by.

The crunching of gravel approaches and passes, and you relax before making the final break for the Palace gate.

You and Karamatsu push the prince over the fence before scrambling over it yourselves. You land in a heap, Todomatsu squawking as the two of you crush him. The sound alerts a guard, who starts shouting, but the three of you are already long gone, sprinting towards the welcoming light of the village below. 

You run until you’re in front of the tavern, panting breaths coming out in foggy clouds in the cold night air, and laugh. Todomatsu looks at you and starts to laugh as well, and Karamatsu glances between the two of you before laughing himself.

He claps Todomatsu on the back. “Let’s get you your first drink, mi frater.” Todomatsu stands up straight and proudly strides into the bar, not making fun of Karamatsu’s Latin injections for once.




Karamatsu carries Todomatsu as you start the trek towards the palace. 

“Man, what a lightweight!” You laugh, the young Prince having conked out after three beers. 

Karamatsu hums, shifting Todomatsu’s weight on his back.

“Mi frater, not that it is any trouble for a man of my stature and strength, but I feel guilty taking all of the glory of carrying the Prince. Would you like to share the honor?” He has all his usual flourishes, but he’s huffing between phrases and sweat is snaking down his face. You laugh at him, shaking your head.

“No way, he’s your little brother,” you say, but honestly you don’t trust yourself to carry anyone in you current state. Karamatsu notices the way your words slur together and the way you wobble and doesn’t push the issue.

You make it out of town, starting along the pastures that lay between the palace and the village. The moon is high in the night sky, edging towards the horizon, lighting the dusty country road with a soft glow.

You look over at Karamatsu, and he’s so pretty in this light, his face red from alcohol and cold and the damp night air somehow making him look softer, more serene. It reminds you of when you were young, how he’d look after he woke up from a nap, his hair stuck to his face and his cheeks pink.

You think about how he’d look after waking up today, but force your gaze back to the road in front of you instead.

“Hey,” you ask, “why did you agree to do this? We could have gotten in a lot of trouble.”

Karamatsu smiles, releasing a single chuckle. “It’s an older brother’s duty.”

“Yeah, but… don’t you think it’s a little unfair?” The words are coming out before you can stop them, your tongue loosened by too many drinks. You don’t like to question Karamatsu’s devotion to Todomatsu -- you don’t want him to question his devotion to you. “Like, he has everything handed to him… you have to fight just to get people to look at you… isn’t that unfair?”

He hums, thinking about what you said.

“I’m just happy that I could do something for him.”

You consider his words carefully, letting the damp night air sober you up before you turn to him again. 

“Hey, Karamatsu, let me take him for a while.”

You shoulder the Prince’s weight and carry him the rest of the way.




The idiot kids who picked fights when you were younger are now idiot adults. You dimly realize this means that you’re an adult, too, but it doesn’t feel like it. You spend all day reading and playing cards, waiting for Karamatsu and Choromatsu to finish training, so you can play cards with them instead.

The kids who are now adults are nicer to your face, at least. They probably still talk shit behind your back, you’re sure of it, but they have the decency to not try to beat you up when no one’s looking. They still don’t laugh at your jokes anymore, which is absurd because it’s hilarious that you can breathe smoke in the shape of a dick and if they can’t appreciate that, maybe they don’t deserve you.




Karamatsu spends more time with the Pages of the Court, following them around like a puppy begging for their approval. They dare him to jump in rivers and streak and he does it all without complaining, without losing that pride that keeps his shoulders back when he walks and his head held high. 

Somehow, that makes the other Pages more determined, like if they can embarrass him enough they can break him, make him realize how ridiculous and fake he is. The thought makes you snort -- you and Choromatsu have been telling him for years and you can’t imagine what they could make him do that the three of you hadn’t schemed in the past.

A couple times you went out to try to find him, finding him covered in dirt and scrapes while the other Pages slap him on the back and laugh, harsh and mean but it gives Karamatsu that same sparkle in his eye that he used to get when your tutor would praise him. You’d wave, and he’d grin and beckon over, not noticing the way the other Pages wrinkled their noses and grimaced at the sight of you -- he insisted that they loved you, that they only had good things to say, but no matter how many times you repeat that they hate him and they hate you he doesn’t stop believing it.

Choromatsu sighs, saying he lives in his own little world, and you shake your head and lament what a painful man your best friend has become. 

You still stare at the door waiting for him to come visit. Sometimes you feel like a dog, waiting for his master to get home.




You jack off pretty regularly. You have a lot of alone time, now that Karamatsu is on his way to being knighted and Choromatsu occupies the Mage’s attention.

Your mind is pretty vague, usually. You think about bits and pieces of things that excite you, scraping them together to make a general feeling, the way a barmaid’s bosom peeked out of her top, or the lips of a handmaid that accompanied Todomatsu. 

There’s not a lot of romance in it, but you never thought about romance in a personal way. It was always for someone else, a distant, nebulous concept, like a book that someone else read and described to you.

But you start thinking about Karamatsu. The way he looked that night, rosy and perfect in the moonlight and you regret not kissing him every time you touch yourself, because he was so real and so there in that moment and an icy shard of fear lodges in your stomach when you think that you’ll never see it again.

You start thinking about the way he looks when he fights you, how the sweat drips down his forehead and his chest heaves as he pants, the way his muscles strain under his skin when he comes at you with a sword and you can think of a couple horrible innuendos to make involving swords and you nearly cum when you imagine his face if you said them to him.

You think about how his breath would feel on the back of your neck, right at the point where your scales melt into skin above your wings, how his hands would feel gripping your waist, the heat that would accumulate between your ass and his hips.

The best part is that you don’t even have to make an effort to avoid thinking about how much you love him, because you’ve been avoiding it for as long as you can remember. He likes girls with soft features and lips like rose petals, eyes like sapphires or skin like porcelain, and you know because he’s written those words a dozen times about a dozen different girls, and not about you, never about you. 

You don’t take it personally, though. You try not to.




You try reading the language of flowers book again, arranging a bouquet of forget-me-nots and gardenias, adding in orange mocks before you consider it done. It’s a horrible combination of colors, even you can recognize that, but it has the right meanings.

You throw the whole thing in the fountain in the courtyard when you see Karamatsu coming towards you, though.




It gets worse.

You start thinking about how he looks when he sleeps, his jaw hanging slack with a hand curled in front of his face, eyelids fluttering as he dreams. His hair splays out on the pillow around him in a dark halo and he looks like an angel, you’re positive.

You think about how he smiles at you when he sees you from across the Courtyard, how he doesn’t falter when people whisper about you, how he doesn’t falter when people whisper about him. You think about the way he carried his brother, an unspoken sense of duty that might never be reciprocated, and you wonder if he’d carry you, too.

You think about him writing you poems, reading them to you out in the Royal Garden where he tries to pick up girls. You think about him bringing you flowers, the big bouquets of blue roses he lugs around whenever he falls in love that Choromatsu uses magic to color for him. 

You know you’re in love with him. You don’t want to know, you’ve spent ten years not knowing it, and you wish you could tear it out of you and slice it in half, the way you fantasize about pulling out the bits of you that make you inhuman and crushing them beneath your heel. It makes you feel dirty, like you’re ruining him.

But then he notices you staring and smiles, and you can’t imagine feeling any other way, because how could you exist without loving him?




You’re handsy. You keep finding excuses to touch Karamatsu, whether it be a pat on the shoulder or draping your arm across him. You muss his hair, punch him playfully, clap him on the back, your touches lingering just long enough for you to get worried that he suspects something.

But he leans into all of your affections without complaint. You want it to mean something more than it does, but you know he’s lonely and even if you weren’t in love with him, you’re lonely too, so you let him.




Age 19

You don’t know what happened to you. You’re tired all the time, barely leaving the tower, and even when you do you don’t bother withdrawing your wings and tail and horns and people stare as you walk by. 

It happened so slowly, you don’t know what happened.

It happened so slowly, no one else knows either.

Sometimes Karamatsu looks at you while you’re sprawled out on the stone floor, peeking over the edge of his hand mirror. He asks you what you’re thinking about and you say something about boobs or food or money, but you’re trying to not think about anything.




Choromatsu spends a lot of time criticizing you for being lazy, but he ends up on the floor next to you anyway, leafing through stacks of prints and cooing over how cute the girls are.

He gets indignant when you point out what a hypocrite he is, so you do it often, because it keeps him around longer.




You and Choromatsu get really good at looking away from Karamatsu when he talks, snickering at one another when he turns his back. It’s like a sport, almost, who can ignore him harder, how far you can push it before he is forced to acknowledge that the two of you are treating him like shit.

He never does, though. He just keeps posing and monologuing and sparkling like a diamond and you wish he wanted your attention as badly as you wanted his.




You’re drunk again, the two of you leaning against one another in the tavern.

“We--,” Karamatsu starts, but you interrupt by leaning into his face and burping hard. It’s enough to get him laughing.

“We need to go, Osomatsu,” he finishes his thought. “I can’t stay out this late, I have training tomorrow morning.”

“Good, I hate it when you go train.” You say it haughtily, hoping that if you exaggerate the emotion to the point of comedy he won’t take it seriously. It doesn’t work, because Karamatsu is denser than he is handsome, and he looks at you with concern and a bit of hurt on his face.

“I’m kidding, I’m kidding!” You pull your hands up defensively, and the worry falls from his expression, replaced with an earnest smile. But you’re not kidding, not at all. You’re drunk enough that you can admit that much to yourself.

You never feel worse than when you’re drinking with him. It breaks down your internal barriers, and all of the weird things you think and feel mix together in a slurry of idiocy and you want to crack someone’s face open on the counter. But you love him, God, you love him so much, and you know he won’t say no if you ask to go out drinking no matter when or where or what he has to do the next morning, so you ask a lot.

You think he worries about you. You’ve walked in on him and Choromatsu huddled together, speaking in hushed tones before slapping forced smiles on their faces like they weren’t just caught. They’re both horrible liars and you’re thankful for this, because it would break you if they were talking about you behind your back and you didn’t know it.

That makes these invitations even more exploitative, using his concern as leverage to spend time with you. 

“Yeah, let’s go.” You slap some coins on the counter, ignoring the tug in your stomach that you get when you see gold because you’re a fucking monster, a mess, and turn to leave.

You stumble towards home, wrapping your arms around each other’s waists and you lean into his grip a little more than you have to.




Karamatsu stops trying to flirt with girls. He spends his free time standing by the courtyard, posing in his armor, trying to get them to come to him. You don’t know if he got tired of rejection or if he’s just trying to fit that ‘brooding romance hero’ thing that everyone seems to want him to be instead of who he really is.

One time you sneak up behind him and make a face, and he falls into the fountain with an ugly shout. The two of you end up wrestling in the fountain until some guards are called to pull you out, and the Knight yells at you for almost an hour.

When you leave her office, you both end up pausing for a moment, staring at one another before you burst into peals of laughter. You wipe a tear from your eye, but Karamatsu is just staring at you with a blank, irritated expression, his still-wet cape stuck to his back, and you suddenly feel very, very stupid. You pretend you don’t, though, and tell him to lighten up.




“Totty.”

“Yeah?” he responds without turning his head towards you, the edge of a whine cutting into his practiced pleasant tone. You only ever hear it when he’s laying on the floor with you, staring at the ceiling and thinking about nothing.

“Tottyyyyyy,” you repeat, drawing out the syllable with a lazy drawl.

“Whaaaat?” he shoots back, exaggerating your tone.

“Tooooottttttttyyyyyyyyy--”

There’s the sound of wood scraping against stone as Choromatsu stands up from the desk. “What is wrong with you two? Don’t you have something better to do?” Irritation seeps into his voice, probably because the Mage is out of town and if he doesn’t finish his assignment he’ll be in trouble. Otherwise he’d be on the floor beside the two of you listening to your stupid voices contently.

“Nope!” You and Todomatsu shoot back at him together, your low, lazy laugh contrasting with his sharp giggles. Choromatsu swears loudly, gathering his books in his arms and heading upstairs to the bedroom to try to finish his work.

“Man, you’re the best, Osomatsu,” Todomatsu says with a pleased sigh. There’s something sad in his voice that you hear no matter how much he tries to mask it, something heavy that weighs down on him. You figure that’s why he comes up to see you, to laze around and think about nothing for a few hours, and you can’t blame him. His dad is kind of a nightmare.

“I am,” you say, and you wonder if Todomatsu still hates him as much as you do. You don’t ask, because he comes here not to think and you don’t want to ruin that for him.




Karamatsu finds you one night, sloppy and messy, stretched out across the stairs at the base of the tower, the scent of alcohol wafting off of you tinged with an acrid, ashy smell that seeps into your breath when you get particularly sloshed.

“Osomatsu? Are you OK?” He kneels beside you, the worry edges out the false baritone he’s adopted and he sounds like himself again for once, and in your drunkenness you’re delighted that you’re the only one who gets to hear it.

“No!” Your voice sounds a little too loud, and you roll onto your back, wincing as your horn scrapes the stone staircase. You hadn’t realized you lost control over your form, but it makes sense. You’re pretty wasted.

He tugs you up by your arm, supporting you over his shoulder and starting to climb the stairs as you whine. You’re dead weight on him, not even trying to carry yourself, but he doesn’t complain and just struggles up the winding steps.

He makes entirely too much progress and you’re feeling needy so you use your tail to knock the two of you off balance. He swears as his elbow scrapes the wall, and even though you hit your knee pretty bad you laugh. 

“That’s what you get for leaving me!” You’re bitter, you’ve been getting more bitter with every passing year and no one has called you out on it because they get why, they understand why you act the way you do and sometimes you wish they wouldn’t so that you could fight them with everything you had until you were nothing but a smear of ash on the wall. 

“When have I ever left you, mi frater?” His sonorous tone breaks you out of your spiral. He takes the accusation seriously, a look of genuine worry painting his features and his voice regaining its practiced timbre, and you’re furious because he has been avoiding you, he’s been avoiding you for months, and he has the gall to believe that everything is fine.

You shove his hand off of your shoulder and call him dumb and shitty, tearing into him for all the stuff you’re mad at yourself for and all the stuff you’re mad at him for without explaining any of it, complaining about his horrible friends and his horrible fashion and his horrible face, and he sits there and listens to it all in silence.

He stares at you when you’re done, the harsh sound of your panting pressing against your ears as you catch your breath.

“Do you really think my fashion is horrible?” You look up, and a tear is tracing down his cheek.

You scream, before you grab his face with both hands and slam your mouth into his. His hands weakly clutch at your upper arms before loosely settling on your elbows, his lips moving hesitantly against yours. You don’t have any hesitation, you’ve never had any hesitation in your life, and you pull at his lower lip with a whine, trying to goad him into touching you more.

He suddenly pushes you back, and he looks at you with that perfect mouth and his cheeks pink and before he can say anything you bend over and ralph all over the stairs.

Choromatsu cleans you up and puts you to bed while Karamatsu mops up the staircase. 




He tries to ask you about it next day, and you act like you don’t remember what he’s talking about, like you were too drunk to know what you were doing, keenly aware of Choromatsu’s eyes digging into your back curiously over his book. He promises you that he felt the spark of love, but you laugh and call him painful. His smile falters at the comment for the first time, and he apologizes for his mistake and leaves.




Karamatsu still talks to you like nothing happened.

You don’t want anything to change, so you go with it.

You’d rather be comfortable than anything else.




Age 20

He visits less often.




“Let’s try that one more time.” The Mage’s voice has been grating on your nerves for hours. You don’t know when magic lessons with him became such a struggle.

“Do I have to?”

“It’s important for you to be able to control --” you’ve heard this speech a hundred times, maybe more. How you have a great power, how strong your affinity for magic is, how it’s your responsibility as the last dragon to become proficient in the magical arts.

“Why?” You snap, and the Mage falls silent, taken aback by your interruption.

“Why?” He repeats, frowning in confusion.

“What’s the point? I just stay in the castle all day, I’m barely allowed into town, and the King is happiest when he doesn’t see me. It’d be easier just to sit around all day than bother with any of this.”

The Mage stares at the book in front of him for a moment before shutting it gently. There’s something about his quiet that makes you angrier.

“I think that’s enough for today,” he says softly, and you spend the rest of the afternoon staring out the window.




“Mi frater!” Karamatsu bursts into the room, spinning dramatically before presenting a letter to you. “My hero’s struggle has finally bore fruit, for the kingdom will bestow upon me the title of knight.”

“What?” You don’t know why you’re surprised. Karamatsu has been waiting for this day since he was old enough to conceive of days, and it’s finally here. 

Get up, you think. Get up and hug him, tell him he did a good job, congratulate him.

“Cool.” The word spills out of your lips, cold and unaffected. You hate him. You hate him for moving on when you can’t, when you have no place to go.

“It would honor me greatly if you would be there, a witness to the ceremony.”

“No thanks.” You wave your hand, not looking up from the book you’re reading. You want him to prostrate himself, beg for you, to kiss your feet like you’re a king, but he just balks in the periphery of your vision, going very still for a moment.

“It’d mean a lot to me.” His voice is quiet, without its usual flourishes, and you hate yourself for doing this to him.

“I’d rather not.”

You hear the door scrape against the stone floor as Karamatsu leaves, and he doesn’t offer again. You don’t know what you wanted from that interaction, what end result would have been ideal, but you feel like you lost anyway.




Choromatsu attends the ceremony. It feels like a betrayal, like he picked Karamatsu over you, even though you know that’s not true and you can’t say anything about it because you’ll sound like a brat and an idiot, so you just withdraw and stew in your anger.

He looks at you sadly when he comes back home afterwards, something like disappointment coloring his features, but doesn’t say anything to you before heading to your room and you hate it when you can’t pull him down to the low road with you.




Age 21

You don’t talk to him for almost a year after that. You don’t remember much, just drinking and reading and lazing around.

Choromatsu makes alright company, but you catch yourself resenting him for not being Karamatsu and then you push him away. He doesn’t get your mood swings and doesn’t have the patience to deal with them, so he lets you, and you can’t blame him. He does try and you’re willing to acknowledge that despite how little you appreciate it.

You still wear the skull, though, because you don’t want to change anything if you don’t have to.




You drink a lot, sometimes with Choromatsu, sometimes alone.

Mostly alone.

It’s the only reason you leave the tower, actually.

Once, the Knight sees you walking across castle grounds and waves you down. You walk faster, but she catches up anyway.

She asks how you’re doing, if you know how Karamatsu is doing.

“I’m probably just being naggy.” She laughs, the rumble of her voice getting deeper with every year. “He’s getting so big! He doesn’t have to tell his old mom everything.”

You make a joke about her age, and she gently smacks you upside the head with a smile, and you make an excuse to get going. She calls after you to stay out of trouble.

Somehow it makes you furious that he didn’t even tell her about what happened, that you aren’t even talking anymore.




You get a lot of dirty looks when you stride into bars on your own, but your gold is as good as anyone else’s so the barkeep slides you a stein of something bitter and strong when you sit down.

You whine to the bartender about how lame your friends are, what a pain it is that they’re too busy for you, and she listens silently while rubbing a mug clean with a cloth. You try to pick a fight with her after a few drinks, because you don’t like the way she looks at you over the glass as you bitch and moan and you swear you hear her call you a monster under her breath, but she strongarms you outside before you can do any damage.

You hit the dirt and shout at the door for a bit before wobbling to your feet and making your way to the next tavern down the road.

The Mage stays up, waiting for you, but when you stumble in drunk and dirty, he doesn’t know what to say. He stares at you with a pained expression, silently guiding you up the stairs and into bed.




You come home one evening to Karamatsu and Choromatsu sitting at the table, a bottle and half filled glasses of cider between them. They tense up the moment you walk in, laughter dying in their throats.

Choromatsu glances uncomfortably between the two of you.

You’re frozen in the doorway, the only movement in the room from the flickering candles casting long shadows across the walls. He looks older, refined in a way you can’t describe, like a stone worn smooth by wind and rain. You had almost forgotten how he left you breathless.

Karamatsu finally pushes his chair out and stands up. 

“Thank you for the drink,” he says, bowing slightly to Choromatsu. Panic flares up in your stomach at the prospect of him leaving.

“Wait,” you say, and he looks at you with alarm, eyebrows drawn like you’re going to yell at him or fight him. You push aside the guilt that pools in your stomach and gesture at the cups on the table. “You haven’t finished your drink. Unless you became a lightweight in the past year, we should be here for the next few hours.”

There’s a strained moment where you’re convinced he’ll ignore you, just push past you and leave for another year, but Karamatsu’s expression relaxes and he laughs, low and loud, just how you remember it sounding.

“You’re right. But it’s hard to drink without good company.” He steals a hopeful glance at you.

“I don’t know where you’ll find any of that,” you say, swiping your finger under your nose, “but I know four Kings that might be willing to make an appearance tonight.”

Karamatsu glows, and you never realized how empty you were without him.

“What are you guys even talking about?” Choromatsu eyes the two of you impatiently, even though he’s relieved that a fight hasn’t broken out. 

“A conversation between gentlemen should never have to be explained,” Karamatsu says, flicking his bangs and taking a seat, and Choromatsu just glares at him incredulously. You laugh, and run upstairs to get your deck of cards, and the three of you spend all night playing Egyptian Ratscrew.




You fall back into a comfortable rhythm. He tells you stories of patrolling the castle, how all his youthful escapades with you made him perfect for stopping criminal activity. You pry, and turns out most of the criminals he’s stopped have been other unruly teenagers trying to sneak out and get drunk.

He’s softer, somehow. Less defensive. You guess he’s finally realized he doesn’t have to prove himself, at least not in the same way. 

He still weaves flowers into his words in ways that make you laugh until you’re light headed and you can’t believe you missed him as much as you did.

(You absolutely can)




Karamatsu goes hunting with Todomatsu sometimes, and brings back fresh boar for you. You carry it to the King’s butcher over your shoulder, asking him to prepare it in exchange for a few coins. 

Most meals Karamatsu eats are communal affairs held at long tables in one of the Palace’s dining halls, shoulder to shoulder with other knights and employees of the King, but he always manages to find an excuse to sneak away and enjoy pork chops with you, Choromatsu, and the Mage. Sometimes Todomatsu even joins, despite how he complains and wrinkles his nose at the way you like your meat extra charred.




You ask him if he still writes poetry.

He does.

He hasn’t gotten much better, though.




Sometimes you find neat books in Choromatsu’s library, and buy copies for Karamatsu. He accepts them graciously, his eyes lighting up every time with the simple pleasure of receiving a gift from a friend, and he is more than happy to summarize the plots for you so that you don’t have to read them yourself.




It’s weird playing catch up with him, but he doesn’t comment on how red your face gets when he knocks you down when you spar, or how you stumble over Latin conjugations that you’ve forgotten.

The Mage is happy to see you doing something again, though, but he doesn’t say anything, just smiling quietly to himself when you dust off your old lesson books and start reading them again.




“Thank you,” he says when the two of you are sitting together in the Royal Garden. He’s plucking at his lyre, trying to remember how to play the song that his mom used to sing. He only ever played it for you, so he’s rusty.

“You’re welcome,” you respond, but you have no idea what you’ve done for him to be thankful for.




Age 22

He gives you two presents this year for your birthday. 

“An apology, mi frater, for missing even a single rung in the ladder of your life as you climb it.”

Technically he’s missed three, but his confident smile doesn’t budge when you tell him.

He gives you a sword, something that balances better in your hand now that you’ve grown, and a pair of pants with his face embroidered on the ass. You wear them every day until Choromatsu burns them, and Todomatsu gives him some kind of royal medal.




Choromatsu and the Mage are traveling when the Festival comes around this year.

Karamatsu comes up to the tower a few days before it starts. You’re curled on the floor, sitting in the patch of sunlight that filters through the tower window. He flicks his bangs and chuckles when he sees you sprawled out across the stone.

“As a member of the Palace Guard, it is my duty to attend the Festival--”

You snort, spreading your wings out a little further, absorbing the pleasant summer warmth.

“And I would be honored if you would attend with me,” he says, finishing his thought without skipping a beat.

You crack an eye open and look him up and down. He’s standing above you with a smile, eyebrows drawn together in confidence and determination. You wonder if he knows how weak you are to that face.

“How am I going to do that?” You flick your tail across the floor for emphasis.

He smirks and leans his head back, closing his eyes and pushing his bangs back with one hand while the other points at you with his thumb cocked.

“We will disguise your identity, and you will walk amongst the people adulated, mi frater,” he says, pride oozing out of his voice and over-the-top posture.

“What?”

“You’re the same size as me, right? I’ll just get an extra suit of armor and you can be in the Guard with me!” He’s grinning, too excited to maintain his floral vocabulary. “You’ll have to wear the helmet the whole time, but it’ll work.” He holds out his hand to you.

“This is the dumbest plan in the world,” you say, but the sparkle doesn’t leave his eye because he recognizes the crooked grin spreading across your face, he’s seen it a hundred times before the two of you did something stupid and dangerous. You grab his hand firmly and tug yourself upright. “Let’s do it.”




Getting the armor was easy. For some reason, the armory had no trouble believing that Karamatsu needed an extra set.

“I thought this stuff was expensive,” you say as Karamatsu secures the clasp of the greave around your leg. 

“Horribly expensive,” he responds, tying the leather strings in neat bows. You lean back on the bench and give your knee an experimental bend, feeling the way the plate slides with your movements.

“Why’d they give it to you, then? Did someone owe you a favor or something?”

He chuckles. “I volunteered for some extra night shifts. A lot of extra night shifts.” You’re left speechless, because he put actual effort into pulling this off and the thought makes something tighten in your chest, but before you can process it he drops your chainmail into your lap and it knocks the wind out of you.

You curse as you shimmy it over your head and he moves behind you, tugging the shirt down your back to even it out. He wraps the cowl around your neck, his fingers warm where they graze against your skin, a harsh contrast to the cold knit of metal.

It feels weirdly intimate, having him dress you like this. It’s kind of nice, like he’s taking care of you.

You slip on your breastplate and he tightens the straps for you with a practiced ease. When he’s done, he pulls his own breastplate on and talks you through the process of securing the belts, and though you feel like it’s all wrong and the belts hang crookedly across his back and the leather strings are hanging in ugly, uneven bows, he shoots you a thumbs up and a smile, telling you that it’s perfect.




When you first step out onto the festival grounds, your back is straight and you’re proud. Sure, you can barely see a damn thing through the helmet, but you’re a knight and people will have to treat you right for once.

And they do, stumbling drunks who are sloshed even though it’s barely noon slapping you on the back and thanking you for your service, girls giggling from behind hands and pointing at you and Karamatsu as you walk by, and it feels phenomenal. You could get used to this.

Karamatsu keeps his visor down to match yours so you look less conspicuous, and it quickly gets stuffy inside your helmet. You were already warm in the quilted wool jacket that you put on first, and with the added weight of the chain- and platemail and the exertion of walking around with the sun beating down on your shoulders, you feel like you might collapse.

Your posture suffers, arms hanging limply in front of you and swinging lazily as you walk, your gait already awkward from inexperience wearing armor, and you cast a sideways glance at Karamatsu. He’s still standing tall, looking as fresh as he had when he first stepped out of the castle.

You tap his shoulder and he turns to you.

“Aren’t you hot?” you ask.

You hear a chuckle echo inside of his helmet. “I feel like I’m going to die,” he says, his muffled voice still resounding with his usual timbre and he’s trying to sound so dignified that you can’t help but laugh.

“Let’s see if we can get a civilian to buy us beer,” you say, instinctively moving to swipe your finger under your nose but meeting the front of your visor with a clack. His posture relaxes into something more casual at the prospect of free food. You can practically picture the smile he’s giving you right now and you could glow, linking your arm with his and walking in the direction of the food stalls.




It’s surprisingly easy to find someone who’s willing to sacrifice a few coin to feed the King’s Good Men. By the time you walk away from the food stalls, you have two beers held between your fingers in one hand and a skewer of some mystery meat in the other, with Karamatsu carrying four more drinks in his arms (“for the rest of your squad,” the vendor had said with a wink, and you promised to tell your captain about his good deed).

You and Karamatsu hide behind a copse of trees near the edge of the festival grounds and shed your helmets. The breeze hits your face and you swear it’s the nicest thing you’ve felt in years.

You uncap a beer, clinking it against Karamatsu’s in a silent toast before taking a long swig. You take turns biting the skewer meat, handing it back and forth as you work through your drinks. There’s something exhilarating about the stall food, something so right about tearing into a chunk of meat with your teeth and feeling the grease drip down your chin in the hot summer air.

Karamatsu knocks back the last of his beer and tosses the bottle aside with a contented sigh, lacing his fingers together over the curve of his stomach, humming softly in the dappled light that streams down through the trees. Sweat drips down his forehead and his cheeks are rosy with alcohol and warmth.

“I see why you wanted this,” you say, swirling your bottle so the remnants leave frothy trails along the inside of the glass.

He just hums in agreement, nodding his head with his eyes closed, and you chuckle.

“It’s nice! Man, this is how we should have been treated all along, like heroes.” You lick your lips and bring the bottle to your mouth, finishing the lukewarm drink. “Can you imagine how pissed everyone would be if they knew they just gave free beer to a dragon? At the festival that celebrates that they’re extinct!” You laugh, aiming carefully and throwing your empty bottle into the bushes.

“Irony,” Karamatsu says, simply. The two of you sit in silence for a bit, listening to bugs chirp in the grass and the distant sounds of people cheering from the festival grounds.

You feel like you could sit here forever, but Karamatsu sits up and grabs his helmet.

“Let’s go see what else there is to do,” he says, pulling it over his head. You nod and follow suit.

You’re lucky that the rest of the Knighthood is sloshed, because armor is even harder to walk in when you’ve had a few beers and you bump into everyone and everything.




When the Royal Procession passes through the fairgrounds, you and Karamatsu stand at attention at the back of the crowd.

The Knight walks beside the King, and something like a smirk flits across her face when she sees the two knights with their visors down. She winks and you can feel Karamatsu shaking beside you.

“Did she….?” You lean over to him and mutter.

Karamatsu just swallows loudly.




“Karamatsu.”

“No.”

“Karamatsu, you have to,” you repeat, and you know he can hear the shit eating grin in your voice.

“No!” He repeats, more firmly this time, trying to pull free, but you have a death grip on his forearm. The page manning the station watches you with dim amusement.

“C’mon, what kind of knight doesn’t want to be part of a tournament?” You put special emphasis on the word, trying to give it the flourish that Karamatsu would, but it somehow sounds stupider in your voice than in his. 

He stops struggling, and you can’t read his expression beneath his visor. You’re worried you pushed him too hard, not being able to see his face suddenly coloring your teasing with a lot more uncertainty than you’re used to.

But he takes your bait, squaring his shoulders with a gusto that you recognize. He spreads his arms wide with his palms up towards the sky, chuckling something about honor before snatching the quill from the page and scribbling down a fake name for the joust. You whoop and fist the air.

You watch the first rounds of the tournament and wince when a knight goes flying off of his horse and breaks a leg, the crowd cheering riotously around you the whole time. Karamatsu’s hands are balled into fists in his lap, and you don’t push him when they call the fake name he put down and he doesn’t move. When they announce that “Sir Johnny Starstud” has been disqualified, you both break into breathless laughter until you fall off of the bleachers.




The sun gets low in the sky and bugs start rising from the yellow grass. Karamatsu suggests going back to the castle to watch the fireworks, and your skin feels stiff with dried sweat and you’re tired of the weight of armor on your shoulders, so you agree.

By the time the two of you manage to struggle out of all the plate and chain and make it up to the tower, fiery licks of red are radiating out of the horizon and chasing the blue across the sky. You stretch and allow your body to get comfortable, feeling the familiar weight of your tail sway behind you and your horns curl out of your head.

Karamatsu sits in front of the window and you sit next to him, letting your knees brush against one another. You’re practically falling asleep, your muscles aching and your wings cramping after the pressure of being kept in all day, but he’s just as tired as you are so you just sit and let darkness envelop the room, not moving to light any candles or torches.

The fireworks start, and they look so much smaller than they did when you were a kid. Each burst of light sends a flash of color across Karamatsu’s face, lighting him up for a split second before fading away. 

Something about his smile that looks so perfect painted in greens and blues, the angle of his jaw catching reds and yellows just right, and he’s so beautiful that your heart jumps to your throat every time you catch a glimpse of his profile. Even when you look away, you can see his eyes sparkling in the dark, a persistent shine that glints back at you.

At some point, you ended up with your fingers laced in his, but you don’t remember when that happened. You fall asleep at the window sill, hand-in-hand and side-by-side.




Age 23

Pools of red seep between the stones on the floor, filling the seams between tiles and tracing out geometric patterns. The Mage lies prone, only a foot away from his staff, his blood soaked clothes sticking to his wiry, thin form which lays still, too still.

The assassins are still there, and when they see you in the doorway they lunge towards you, daggers ready. 

You open your mouth and they are enveloped in a flash of flame, and you watch in horror as their skin melts away, their flesh deforming from the heat and charring with a horrible smell but you don’t close your mouth until they’re practically smears on the wall.

Choromatsu finds you sitting next to the blackened remains of the Mage’s body several hours later, and all he can do is swear as he tries to think of what to do.




“Can’t you do anything?”

“You killed two people, Osomatsu!”

“They killed the Mage! What else was I supposed to do?!” Your throat is raw from shouting, you feel like you’ve done nothing but shout for days. Todomatsu’s face is screwed up in anger, his cheeks red like yours are and you hate that he’s the same height as you now because it was a lot easier to argue with him when he was short.

“The Court thinks you killed the Mage, too!”

“I already told you I didn’t, OK?”

“You know they were looking for any excuse to kick you out! It’s not my fault!” Todomatsu’s voice breaks.

“Oh, so it’s my fault?”

“That’s not what I meant, you know that’s not what I meant!”

You grab at your hair, feeling your horns poke out from your scalp as you get agitated. 

“Well, what do you mean? Do you think I really killed him?” You advance a little towards Todomatsu and he flinches hard, turning his face away from you in fear.

And that explains everything you needed to know.

You storm out, ignoring Karamatsu reaching for you as you push by him.




You live in a cave now. It’s the best they could do, Choromatsu had said when he brought you some things, a worn deck of cards and a handful of books he thought you’d like.

You didn’t respond. 

You haven’t said anything in weeks.

Apparently your mom used to live in this cave, but you’re trying really hard not to feel anything right now and push it aside.

Karamatsu visits you and tries to talk to you, but you stare at the wall in stony silence. He brings his lyre sometimes, playing songs he thinks you like. He tells you about his day, how he’s feeling, the things that happened in the castle, just talks for hours as you sit. 

His language gets more floral out of desperation, trying to get a response from you. When he uses the word “cockle”, you know he’s baiting you into reacting but you can’t get your limbs to move. You feel empty, hollow and alone and you want him to force you open and crawl inside but the harder he pushes, the more you’re determined to stay still, out of some kind of misplaced spite.

When he stands up, you want to scream at him to sit back down, to never leave, but it’s like you’re tied to the floor.




Karamatsu kneels between you and the wall. You probably look like shit, you haven’t bathed in at least a week and though you can go months without food, you probably should have been eating more.

He coughs uncomfortably, trying to get your attention. When you don’t look at him, he pulls out a bouquet and starts soliloquizing about fate and destiny and you hear maybe a quarter of what he says. Having an audience that doesn’t listen has never stopped him before, though, so he finishes his speech with a twirl and a flourish before leaning really close to you.

He holds your chin between his fingers, nervously running his tongue over his lips, but you stare dead eyed past him. 

He kisses your cheek, and then your other cheek, the way he used to when you were young and he wanted you to stop crying, pausing for a moment before he presses his lips to yours. 

Withdrawing, his eyes scan your face for something, anything, his mouth parting slightly as he sees the fresh tears dripping down your cheeks. 

“I- I’m sorry, I--,” but you cut him off, grabbing his face and slamming your mouth back into his because he broke this dam and he’s going to have to be the one to fix it.

He makes no effort to fix it. You spend hours crying and kissing, pressing your tongue into his mouth and against his neck as he tries to figure out what to do with his hands -- he’s clearly put a lot less thought into this than you have. Both of you feel like you did something wrong but neither apologizes and it’s perfect.

He still smells like lavender.




You spend a long time crying, even after the kissing. You wail into the crook of his neck, wiping your snotty nose along his skin and you can feel him cringe but he doesn’t push you off.

You cry for your mom, who died in this cave they sent you to, because you finally gave them an excuse to kill you and it wasn’t even your fault this time. You cry for the Knight, who killed your mom and saved your life, like that could make up for it somehow. You cry for the Mage, the man who raised you even though it turned him into a pariah, even though they killed him for it. You cry for the notch in your wing, and the way Todomatsu flinched, and the way the King glared at you.

You cry until no more tears come out, until you’re choking dry sobs against his skin. 

He just holds you, his own shoulders shaking, whispering sweet words in your ear with a coarse voice as your breath evens out and the pounding in your head subsides.

With a sniff, you sit back. His hands slide down from your upper arms to your hands, his fingers lacing between yours. You stare at them, smiling at the way the red and orange scales that dot the back of your hand are covered by his fingers peeking over your knuckles.

“Thank you,” you say.

His eyes widen and his eyebrows arch up a bit. 

“You’re welcome,” he says, even though he doesn’t know what he did for you to be thankful for.

You sit for a while facing one another, your head pressed to his shoulder and your legs swung over his, feeling his breath on your neck. He doesn’t rush you, just running his thumb over your knuckles silently as you let the feeling of being near him ground you.

He starts to kiss your face again, gentle and chaste and you turn so that your mouths meet again. The hand on your waist grips tighter as you run your tongue behind his teeth, his breath hitching.

He starts moving his mouth against yours, tongue peeking into your mouth for a moment before he tries to pull back. You suck at it, drawing him further inside with a whine that makes his breath stutter and his fingers dig into your waist a bit.

His face is warm against yours, and there’s so much tenderness in the way he touches you that you almost get lost in it.

Almost.

You sit upright with a start and he jumps.

“Karamatsu!”

“What? Are you alright?”

“We should bang!”

“Now?” His eyes widen, voice cracking a bit. His face is still blotchy and pink from crying and you’re sure you look no better, but you’ve been waiting too long for this and you’re not about to wait any longer.

“Yes, now!” You’re already reaching for his crotch. He yelps when you make contact, giving him a squeeze through his sequined leggings.

“W-we, I mean, I don’t, don’t we need...,” his voice petering off into a low moan as you press the heel of your palm into him, growing hard under your hand. His eyes flutter shut and he falls forward, head hitting your shoulder with a thump.

“Do you want me to stop?”

He just releases a needy whine against your skin, clutching weakly at your forearms. The sound alone sends warmth pooling in your stomach, the tip of your cock twitching out of your sheath and rubbing against the fabric of your pants.

You start to tongue the shell of his ear as you continue to knead his dick through his pants, snaking your other hand between you two so you can massage your own hardness. He sounds like he’s having a religious experience, moaning your name and strangled curses into your neck, his breath leaving a hot, damp patch on your skin. 

His hands wander aimlessly as you work him through his leggings, his hands sliding up your arms to your bare shoulders, fingers brushing maddeningly against the exposed slip of skin below your armpit before he balls his fists in the front of your shirt and lets the weight of his arms pull you closer.

You’re practically dizzy with him, how he smells and how he feels, the way his skin tastes beneath your tongue as you suck at his neck. He releases another husky, needy whine when you pull away from him, eyes glazed and his cheeks tinged with pink.

Your breath catches in your throat, the way he looks at you hitting you like a punch in the gut. His expression is unbelievably soft and affectionate, but there’s something sharp and focused in his eyes that you’ve never seen before which sends a jolt to your cock, your hand tightening around yourself. 

He leans forward, connecting your mouths again and you hungrily slide your tongues together with a wet sound. It’s so different from the way he kissed you when you were crying, something unrestrained and selfish about the way his teeth graze your mouth and the way he leans into you, and the thought that he wants you as badly as you want him makes you groan around his tongue.

You tug at his leggings and he works them off as you get rid of your pants. As soon as you kick them off, his hands snake around your hips, pulling you closer so your thighs are draped over his and your cocks are flush against one another.

You arch into the contact, gasping into Karamatsu’s mouth, and he shudders and starts babbling against your skin, calling you beautiful and dazzling and incandescent and all of the words that you’ve heard him say a million times before, but never to you, never with the growl of arousal adding a rumble to his voice, never with his fingers digging into your hips every time you rock your hips and your dick slides against his.

“God, Osomatsu, I- I-” his breath hitches as you wrap your hand around your shafts and start to pump them together, “you’re so good, you’re an ocean and I’m a fish, I need you to breathe, I need, I need--”

He rambles into your mouth even though you’re trying to kiss him, everything he feels spilling out desperately like if he doesn’t say them now he’ll never get a chance to let you hear them, the same kind of desperation you’re touching him with.

It’s good, it’s fantastic, heat coiling tighter in your stomach when his cock slides against yours, groaning his name while he says embarrassing things about how much he loves you, all the things you’ve wanted to hear but never let yourself think about, and it’s overwhelming. Your rhythm gets sloppy as you get close, the pulse of your orgasm building in your crotch, and he holds your face with both hands.

“I love you, I love you, I love you,” he gasps out, over and over, and you feel his hot breath ghosting over your lips and it’s maddening, it’s too much. Your orgasm rips through you and you keen as you spill all over your hand and onto his shirt, shuddering and pressing your sweaty forehead to his, your dick twitching in your hand as you ride it out.

You’re trying to catch your breath, blinking away the stars from your vision, slumping forward into him and he takes over his cock. It doesn’t take long for him to follow you, panting hard and groaning, and you feel the splatter of cum hit your shirt and thighs.

He holds your shoulders for balance as he leans back and looks at your face. His eyes are wet, but he blinks away whatever tears formed without them escaping and he smiles at you, tender and soft in his post orgasm haze, and you’re hopelessly, hopelessly in love with him.

You hold his wrists, just to hold them, and laugh. He laughs, too, between kissing your cheeks.

“Next time you should fuck my cloaca,” you say as you slide a hand over his.

“Your what?”




Karamatsu visits as much as his schedule allows.

Sometimes he doesn’t show up until you’re already asleep, kissing your forehead and hair as he curls around you, carefully tucking your wings close to your body so they aren’t sore the next morning.

Sometimes he’s gone before you wake up, and you’ll awaken to a curled up piece of parchment lamenting your separation in your hand.

Sometimes you wake up as he’s untangling himself from you, trying not to rouse you as he pulls himself free from your tail coiled around his leg, and you grumble at him to skip work, to stay with you just a little longer. He just kisses you on the mouth and tucks you back into bed, apologizing for having to leave.

He never misses a shift.




You peek up at him from between his legs, your face flush against the tent in his pants. His face is red, and as hard as he tries to pull his mouth into a practiced smoulder he no doubt has prepared for the situation, his mouth is firmly set into a crooked, nervous line.

“Osomatsu--” he starts, but your name is swallowed by a choked sound as you push your lips to the tip of his cock through his pants.

His eyes are wide, fixed on you, his hands fisting the fabric of his tunic. You kiss down the outline of his shaft and he whines, low and long and you think you might die happy.

You nuzzle into his crotch, chirping quietly in the back of your throat before you start to work a wet spot onto his pants with your tongue. His breathing gets ragged just from watching you, because there’s no way he can feel much through the coarse fabric, his knees shaking around your head and bumping into your horns.

He makes a particularly desperate sound, wanting more but not knowing how to ask, and you draw off of the damp patch, your hands already crawling up his thighs. You tuck your fingers into the waistband of his pants and pull his erection free.

He’s loud, groaning into your touch and exhaling sharply when you take him into your mouth. The skin of his cock catches against your lips, both a bit dry, and in your enthusiasm he hits the back of your throat hard. You tug off with a sharp gag and Karamatsu panics, cupping your face with his hands and asking you over and over if you’re OK.

You laugh between coughs, trying to catch your breath, because he’s so frantic and so worried.

“This looked easier in porn,” you say with a smile, blinking away the moisture that accumulated at the corner of your eyes. He runs his thumb over the curve of your cheek, worrying his lower lip with his teeth.

“Are you sure you want to do this? We don’t have--”

“Yes, yes, I’m sure.” You pull his hand from your face and wrap your fingers around it, but he still looks concerned. “You must really underestimate how bad I want your dick,” you say with a smile, and he looks at you with a mixture of shock and wonder, his face turning redder.

You duck down again, taking him into your mouth slowly. You shut your eyes, just feeling him, hearing how he moans when you tongue along the head of his cock, how his precum tastes smeared across the inside of your mouth. He runs his knuckles along your cheek before he tilts your head back up at him.

“Look at me,” he says, arousal adding an edge to his voice that’s so different from the usual way his voice rumbles, something genuine and animal about it that makes your head spin. 

Your jaw goes slack around him for a moment before you remember yourself, pulling off of him with a pop and shooting him your best shit-eating grin.

“I’ll do anything you want if you keep using that voice, daddy.”

He makes a horrible strangled sound, his dick twitching in your hand. You press a kiss to his shaft before you pull him back into your mouth, keeping your gaze fixed on him obediently. His hair frames his flushed face, and his eyes lidded and unfocused, and you’ve thought about him looking at you like that for years.

He comes undone, gasping and arching into your mouth, cumming hard down your throat. You gag and cough most of it up, and he nearly starts crying because he never wanted to hurt you, not like this.




You’re lying on him as he sings, the steady rumble of his chest through his tunic grounding you. He’s not a very good singer, you realize, but you had never thought about it before because you’ve been listening to him sing since you were three. He cards his fingers through your hair, pressing kisses to your forehead every time he lifts up your bangs.

You drift off to sleep, and when you wake up his hand is still tangled in your hair, the places where his palm touches your scalp sweaty from your mutual body heat.

It’s a little too warm, but it feels comfortable, so you nuzzle into his chest and doze off again.




He’s kneeling between your legs, and you understand why he insisted on bringing you a mattress, even though it took him an entire day to hike up the mountain with it tied to his back.

He kisses his way up your thigh, barely grazing the skin with his teeth before licking a long, hot stripe to your crotch and starting to work his way back down again, humming softly. It’s sweet, and he looks good between your legs, but you’ve never been very patient for foreplay.

“Karamatsu,” you say, and his eyes open in a dazzling, smouldering look that he thinks is irresistible.

“Yes, mi deliciae?”

“Are you gonna fuck me or what?”

“Heh, all in due time,” he says, giving another kiss to the curve of your thigh. “To dance this dance of love, you must first learn the steps. I want to be familiar with your…,” he pauses, running a finger along your slit, “dance floor.”

You groan out of frustration and let yourself fall backwards onto the bed with a huff. This is why you never let him take the lead. 

“Karamachuuuuu,” you whine, kicking your feet, “fuck meeeee.”

He chuckles again, his breath hot against the sensitive skin of your sheath. You’re half hard, your cock lazily poking out like it’s asking permission.

“What kind of lover would I be to deny such an ardent request?” He says, voice dripping with bravado, and you’re glad he doesn’t realize what a fucking tease he is because then he might be completely insufferable.

You want to laugh or make a face, because he’s acting ridiculous, but he starts running his fingers on the underside of your cock, like he’s petting a cat, and Christ that feels good. Your head falls back as you release a long, low moan, peppered with chirps that you can’t control.

“Come here, you shy boy…,” he coos softly at your dick and you’d kick him in the face if you weren’t so desperate to be touched.

So instead you roll your hips off of the bed, hissing when your shaft makes contact with his palm, your cock twitching as it unsheathes fully into his hand. His eyes are full of stars, like he’s watching a miracle unfold before him and if your face could get any warmer, it would, but it can’t, so you just shut your eyes and rock into him, humping his fingers as best you can because if he’s not going to take care of you, you will.

He’s still looking at you with wonder instead of arousal, delighted by you splayed underneath him because he’s in love with you, so you slide your tail between his legs and apply pressure to his crotch. A blush works up his cheeks and he gets the hint, wrapping his hand around you and starting to pump but his grip is too loose and he’s too gentle. You groan, partially out of impatience, open mouthed with your tongue lolling out.

His hand slides to your hip, thumb spreading your slit slightly before running his tongue up your entrance to the base of your dick, his mouth cool and wet against the slick warmth of your cloaca. He keeps jacking you off, his fingers tightening around you as you dig your heel into his back.

You sit up enough to fist his hair, and he moans into you, the rumble of his voice going straight to your cock. He leans into your pressure, running the flat of his tongue across your entrance while keeping a hand on your dick, steadily working you with even flicks of his wrist even though his face is buried in you.

You’re coming undone, chirping between every other breath and panting hard, the pulse of heat between your legs getting hotter the longer you watch him. His eyes are blissfully closed, face red, lost in the taste of you the way you’re rutting against him with your tail, and your thighs twitch around his head.

He opens his eyes, and watches your face as he presses kisses up your slit to where your cock pokes out, sliding his wet lips and tongue up the shaft until he reaches the head. The slickness on his chin slips easily against you, and his mouth is red from sucking at you, his eyes dark and eyebrows drawn in a quiet, hard expression that makes your dick twitch. 

He wraps his lips around the head of your cock, and you try to buck into him but one of his hands is keeping your hips pinned to the bed, the other wrapped around the base of your shaft.

He barely takes any of you into his mouth before he draws off again, descending a bit further the next time, bobbing up and down and your cock going deeper and deeper into his mouth. It’s too slow, it’s not enough, and you’re babbling the whole time, whining between chirps and broken moans that betray your arousal.

The more vocal you are, the faster he goes, your reactions egging him on. Every time your hips jump underneath him, the hand on your hip pushes you a little harder into the bed, his fingernails digging into your skin with a bite that sends a pulse of heat to your cock.

“Kara-- Karamatsu, you-- you have to--” your voice is desperate and husky, coming out in a low whine you don’t quite recognize as your own, but that might just be because your head is spinning at the feeling of his hot wet mouth sliding up and down your cock. “God, will-- Karamatsu, Karamatsu--”

The hand wrapped around the base of your dick slides underneath, poking a finger inside and you keen, long and low and loud. You’re so wet and one finger feels so small, but he slides another in alongside it and begins to scissor you, spreading you open while thrusting his mouth over your cock.

You’re rapidly approaching your orgasm, your cloaca tightening around his fingers when he pulls away. You sit up on your elbows, panting hard as he shoves his pants down around his knees. He’s hard, precum dribbling down his shaft, and he only pumps himself a few times before pushing one of your legs to your chest and settling between your thighs, the head of his cock pressing to your entrance.

You’re ready for him to fuck you into the mattress until you’re a smear on the sheets but he supports himself over you with one arm and leans in close to your face. He starts to press soft, gentle kisses to your cheeks.

“I love you,” he whispers into your skin in Latin, “I can’t wait to become one with you.”

You feel like you might gag, so you wrap your legs around his waist and pull his hips flush with yours. You both make choked noises in your throats, his hand fisting the sheet next to your head as he collapses on top of you, and you practically sob into his neck at the feeling of finally being full and your cock sandwiched between you.

He releases a shuddering breath as he supports himself again, barely raising himself above you so that your body is still right against his, his bangs wet with sweat plastered across his forehead and hanging down around his flushed face.

Your mouth goes dry and you twitch around him, and his fist tightens in the fabric next to your head. You don’t know what he’s waiting for.

“Karamatsu, just-- just fuck me!” You plead, rather indignantly, and his eyes go wide for a second before he swallows thickly and nods.

He moves his hands to your hips, and slides out before pushing back in with more force, his cock stretching you open and hitting something inside you that sends a spark of pleasure up your spine. You moan and he sets a blinding pace, fingers digging into your hips with every thrust.

You arch into him, your eyes fluttering shut and your legs pulling him closer as he pounds into you, your head going fuzzy with the feeling of his skin slapping against yours every time he pushes all the way inside of you. You wrap your hand around your cock and start jerking yourself in time with his movements, wordlessly moaning because you’re so full and it’s driving you crazy

He grunts something that sounds like words but you’re dizzy, lost in the feeling of being well fucked. He repeats himself with a growl in his throat. “Look at me.”

You crack your eyes open and he’s gazing at you intensely, his eyebrows drawn together seriously over dark eyes, lips slightly parted, and it does you in, stars streaking across your vision as you cum. You spasm around him, spilling across your stomach and scratching at his back.

He gives you a few more thrusts before he cums hard, his hips shuddering as he fucks you through his orgasm. His softening cock slips out as he rolls off of you, breathing hard.

You’re still trying to find your head, the room spinning, but you feel his hand searching for yours and you reach for him. You lie there, next to one another, catching your breath and holding hands.

He tries to get up a few minutes later, but you didn’t realize your tail was wrapped around his ankle and he hits the ground face first.




Sometimes you whine and complain that he has to leave, that you miss him and that it’s boring when he’s not around. He does his best to console you, passionately expressing sorrow at having to be apart from you for even a moment, using flowery language to reassure you that he will return as soon as he can.

There’s always something sad in his eye, some doubt when he soliloquizes. But you wait for him anyway, because you’ve always been waiting for him. The only difference is that you’re in a cave instead of a tower.




You start exploring the cave more. There are long, ashy scorch marks that mark the walls, sometimes nearly fifteen feet long. You run your hand along them, staring at the way the black powder sticks to your skin before wiping your palm on your pants and continuing to walk.

There are hundreds of tunnels, branching and splitting and meeting up again, some small and some big. You never seem to get lost, though, and you can’t tell if that’s instinct or if you’ve just never had a chance to explore your sense of direction before.

Deep in the mountain, there’s a cavern that’s taller than any of the others. The walls are peppered with the entrances to tunnels high above the ground and it’s so weird to be in a space that was made for you instead of for humans. You never got to fly a lot before, so you fall a couple of times before you manage to make it to one of the ledges.

There are claw marks on the stone, like something big and heavy and strong scored the stone as it landed, grabbing the stone with talons that were harder than diamonds.

You find stuff in the high tunnels, the ones that humans couldn’t loot. One room is just full of mounds of gold, dotted with jewels the size of your fist and suits of intricately carved armor, hilts of swords heavy with clusters of rubies, treasure chests half buried in tangled jewelry, and you bury yourself in the coins and feel right in a way you can’t really explain.

You carry Karamatsu up there and he fucks you senseless on top of a dune of gold with a crown digging sharply into your back and you’ve never been happier.




“You’re mine,” he whispers into your back, kissing the space right between your wings, where your scales turn to skin. “You’re mine, my only one, mi amor.”

His fingers ghost across your shoulders and trace down to your stomach before he hugs you, burying his face into the crook of your neck and pressing himself to you. His chest rumbles against your back as he keeps whispering possessive declarations into your skin and you’re his, you’re his, his only one, his amor, and you’re whole.




Karamatsu purses his lips and glances at the floor uncertainly.

“Don’t worry so much, you’re going to love this!” You grin at him, entirely too excited, and his face brightens slightly at the reassurance.

“I trust you,” he says with as much confidence as he can muster, which isn’t much at this moment, his legs spread and ass bare. 

You kiss his dick, pulling it into your mouth and running your tongue along the underside as he gets hard.

He swallows thickly, his thighs shuddering on either side of your head and bouncing off of your horns, and you reach for the vial of lube lying next to you. He tenses at the sound of the bottle uncorking, relaxing again as you press your tongue to the slit of his cock, and you’re so curious about how he feels on the inside, already hard at the idea.

You start to massage circles around the pucker of his ass, carefully working his dick with your mouth as you press the pad of a slicked up finger against him. He makes a sound as you slip inside, something strangled that melts into a low groan as you envelop his cock with your mouth again. It’s driving you crazy, feeling the tight ring of muscle relax around your finger when you lick the underside of his shaft the right way.

You get too excited and slide the second finger in too soon, and he doesn’t want to try again for a while.




You wake up one morning and Karamatsu is laying on his side, his head propped up on his hand, looking at you. It’s not the obnoxious, impossibly smarmy look he gets when he wants to whisper poetry into your cloaca and kiss it, and it’s not the hard, quiet look he gets when he wants to fuck you first thing in the morning.

He looks upset, if anything, his brows furrowed in an expression of concentration and lips parted slightly as his eyes scan your face.

“What?” you ask, pulling up the covers a bit defensively.

“This has always bugged me,” he murmurs, reaching out a hand to smooth out the hair that sticks up on the back of your head. You watch his face as he does it, and he starts when he pulls back and sees you staring blankly.

“You’re so weird,” you say, leaning into him and rubbing your face into his shoulder, mussing up your hair again, and he leaves it, letting you doze off again.




“Did you ever think about this? Like, about us?”

Karamatsu hums softly.

“I knew the winds of destiny would lead me to my sodales, and it was my own foolishness that kept me from seeing that he was as near as you.” He raises a hand to touch your cheek. “I only ever knew how to love you, so I never realized the flame in my heart was the call of fate pulling us together.”

You snort and hold his face with both hands, kissing him like it’s a punishment for saying such cheesy lines, but your heart is racing because it’s everything you’ve wanted to hear since you were sixteen.

You want to ask if he ever thinks about the adventures the two of you had planned when you were five, whether or not he still dreams about exploring the country with you, but he starts talking about how there’s an opportunity for promotion coming up and you swallow the thought.




You tell him to do that chuckle he does into your ass and his eyebrows raise, a look of concern coloring his face before he brings your hand to his mouth, pressing a kiss to your knuckles.

“Anything,” he says between kisses, “anything for you, my love.”

And you don’t have the heart to tell him you were joking.

It was OK, but you never ask him to do it again.




Karamatsu tells you about the Court, how affairs are proceeding in the castle. Choromatsu became Royal Mage, Todomatsu was officially declared Crown Prince, and there are whispers amongst the guard of dissension against the King.

“I never want to think about the King again,” you say as you drape yourself across his lap dramatically. He smiles and runs his hands through your hair, scratching at the base of your horns in the way he knows you like, and you ignore the discomfort that edges into his expression when he thinks you’re not looking.




He whispers sweet nothings to you sometimes, calling you beautiful and magnificent, and you react about the same as he does when you tell him you want him to cum in your mouth. It’s a weird dichotomy, how you always expected to have sex without love, and he expected love without sex.

The two of you agree that this is result is the best one, though you can only get him to admit it when his dick is pressing against the back of your throat.




He brings you flowers, azaleas and roses and tulips, and you pretend not to know what they mean so that he’s forced to say it outloud. He bundles a few gold coins between the stems and you nearly jump his bones right then and there.




Karamatsu shows up with Todomatsu in tow. It’s the first time you’ve seen the Prince since your argument.

You try to act like nothing happened, like you can just be friends and things can stay the way they are now, but there’s something cold and serious in his eyes.

“You need to leave. The Court wants you dead.”

“What? They can’t do that.”

“They can. They’re planning to send soldiers here in a week to ambush you.” 

“But the Royal Mage--”

“Choromatsu doesn’t have the same connections, not yet. People are scared, Osomatsu.”

His voice is serious, arms crossed in front of him, trying to project as much authority as he can, and it’s laughable because he’s still the bratty prince who sends a courier to get Karamatsu to sleep outside his door when the dark is too much for him.

“Can’t you do something about it? Put in a good word for me, or something?”

“I can’t. Not unless I want to lose whatever chance I have at taking the throne.”

You glance at Karamatsu, but his gaze is fixed on the floor, guilt tugging at his face.

“I guess we can start our adventures, right?” You shoot him a smile, trying to be reassuring, but he just looks up in surprise, posture becoming agitated and face turning pink.

“I… I--” He coughs, forcing his voice into a confident baritone. “It is my duty as a knight to protect my family. I have to stay with my father and brother.”

“Oh.”

Oh.

“Choromatsu is trying to find contacts who can take care of you while we figure this out. We’re going to fix this, though.” Todomatsu’s voice is distant, and you barely hear the rest of his plan.

Karamatsu approaches you after Todomatsu is done talking, gently holding your chin and kissing your cheek.

“I’ll be back soon,” he says, the determination on his face completely different from the way he looked at you when you were young and about to do something stupid. His handsome eyebrows are pulled together and his mouth is pressed into an uncertain line, and you realize that at some point he started leading and you started following.




Todomatsu visits a few days later on his own.

He shoots you a greeting, offering you a bag of jerky.

“I thought I should come by,” he says, softly, “to say sorry.”

You don’t move and he grows irritated, his mouth pouting because of course he pouts, he’s too cute to frown. He takes a step closer and puts a hand on your shoulder, like he’s trying to be the mature one.

“Look, I know this is bad, but you don’t have a choice.” Your eye twitches, because you’ve never had a choice. You grab his wrist, tightly.

“Hey!!” He looks scared, and good, he should be scared of you. You’ve got something to lose, now.

“Osomatsu, what are you doing?”  He claws at your hand uselessly, trying to dig his heels into the dirt, looking around in a panic. His voice echoes off the walls of the tunnels in a harsh, high wail as you lead him to the big cavern in the center of the mountain.

He keeps protesting when you grab him in your arms, screaming wordlessly when you shoot into the air, continuing to howl when you land on a ledge and drop him in one of the tunnels high above the cavern, sending him sprawling across the floor. 

He looks at you, scandalized and furious and scared, scared more than anything else, and you grab his wrist, tugging a ring off his finger, the ring with the pink stone and the Royal Crest stamped into it.

“They let me stay, or you die.” It feels like someone else is saying the words but they’re in your voice, and there’s no one else who would do something this stupid. He looks at you with tears gathering at the corners of his eyes and shouts something after you when you jump off the ledge, but you don’t hear it for the wind rushing past your ears.




Choromatsu gapes at the ring you dropped into his open palm, his finger tracing over the familiar pink stone. “This is suicide, are you crazy?”

“Are you? You can fix this!”

“Not anymore I can’t! The King will be furious, this is-- I don’t even--” Choromatsu can barely sputter out the words, face going red. His knuckles are bone white around his staff, wringing his hands around it in a familiar nervous habit that draws attention to the new emerald stone on his finger. If he is the Royal Mage, if he cared, he’d fix this.

Karamatsu just sits against the wall of the tunnel, holding his head in his hands and staring at the floor, and you can’t even tell if he’s listening.

You snort, letting a flame lick the air, reveling in the way Choromatsu flinches before you storm down the tunnel.




Karamatsu shows up alone -- he’s the only one other than you that knows how to get this deep in the cave without getting lost. He looks exhausted, hazy, like he’s not all here.

You remain silent, squatting on a high rock with your wings flexing behind you, and he looks at you with wide, pleading eyes, his face screwing up in agony.

He doesn’t have to say anything for you to know. Soldiers are coming. They’ll kill you whether or not the Prince is returned.

You could run now, maybe get away. But you won’t. You don’t want to leave and he knows you don’t want to, not without him.
He opens his mouth to say something when Todomatsu screams, somewhere high above the two of you, his voice echoing off of the walls in a horrible cacophony and Karamatsu winces. Anger and desperation churn in your stomach. You draw your swords at the same time, and there’s something comforting about being the same as him.




His face is red, and you can’t tell if it’s from the exertion of fighting or from the jets of fire that narrowly miss him. His skin is dewy with sweat, bangs stuck to his forehead, a wild glow in his eyes as he tightens his grip around the hilt of his sword.

You want to scream because you love him, you’ve loved him since before you knew what love was, before you knew it was an option not to love him. All that comes out is a snarl and you dig your claws into the ground, bracing yourself as you take in another deep breath.

He flinches, preparing his shield against your flame but he’s so obvious with what he’s going to do, he’s always been so obvious. That’s why you had to do this, why you would do anything to stay, because he’d never leave the kingdom, not even for you.

He braces himself for the onslaught of fire, but you smack him with your tail and knock him off balance.

You should have never let things change. 

You draw your sword up. 

You should have never let anything change.

Karamatsu surprises you. He feints convincingly for once in his life, and you dive the opposite direction he does, leaving your left side wide open. You scream as he drives his sword into your stomach, bellowing until the blood filling your lungs rolls down your chin in thick, hot stripes and you can’t breathe anymore.

He holds you, cradling your shoulders as you desperately try to scream, to make him angry, to hurt him one last time before you die, but he just cries and sings that song that you used to fall asleep to together, all those years ago.




Afterword


End Notes
Thank you for reading. This is the longest thing I've ever written, so if it could keep you engaged then I'm very happy.The title means "brother, hello and good-bye."Big thanks to my beautiful and powerful friend for editing and helping me sort out this huge AU, and in general being supportive of my dragon fucking.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



