



Fresh Start - CrabbyMaiden - Undertale Video Game
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Fresh Start
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/22120096.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Rape/Non-Con
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Undertale (Video Game), Horrortale - Fandom
Relationship:
Sans (Horrortale)/Reader, One-sided Fresh Sans/Reader
Character:
Sans (Horrortale), Fresh Sans, Reader, Papyrus (horrortale)
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Soulmates, Body snatching, Established Relationship, Parasites, Yandere Fresh, Dark fic, Drabble, A Fresh New Hell, Writer Crab Hijinks, ah shit here we go again, Gonna be a short but wild ride, no beta here just an idiot, Non-Consensual Somnophilia, Attempted Drugging, Choking, Breaking the Fourth Wall, Vaginal Fingering, Rape/Non-con Elements, Non-Consensual Oral Sex, Character Death, happy(?) ending, Epilogue
Series:
Part 5 of
Drabbles From Hell, Part 9 of
Puns for the Soul
Stats:

        Published: 2020-01-04
          Completed: 2020-04-22
          Chapters: 8/8
        Words: 8000
      

Fresh Start
by CrabbyMaiden
Summary
Something wasn't right.Sans wasn't acting right.He didn't talk like this. He didn't act like this. He didn't dress like this.Something was wrong with him and you didn't know what to do... But he definitely seemed like he was planning something for you. [Each chapter will have 10 drabbles and each drabble should have about 100 words, though it varies depending on what program it's pasted in ಠ_ಠ] COMPLETED
Notes
Hello again friends~! Welcome to a brand new hot mess by none other than yours truly~As always, be sure you mind the tags, but this fic will also be muuuuch shorter than any of the others so things will be happening hard and fast. I'll be updating the tags each chapter, so take care of yourself, dearies~!I should also mention that I actually don't really know much about Fresh, so... I'll be making up stuff as I go along xDPlease enjoy <3




The Freshest Start



  If there was one thing you knew in life, it was that your soulmate had  habits.  Sans had come from a difficult background - all Monsters had, really, but he had seemed to suffer the worst due to his cracked skull. He was intimidating to look at, yet he was the most shy and gentle person you had ever met: you didn't think he could hurt someone if he  tried. Though, his injury affected his memory at times, so he found that he functioned best when sticking to a routine. Which was why it was strange when he broke his pattern. *** You didn't notice at first, having just got home to prepare dinner for you both to enjoy after a long day. It wasn't unusual for work to keep Sans a bit later than normal so when he didn't show up at his usual time, you just brushed it off and kept at it.  It  was  strange for him to not show up an hour after you had finished cooking your meal. The second thing you knew for certain was that your soulmate would  never  skip a meal and if he was going to be this late, he would text you. *** You were pacing now, anxiety and worry worming into your gut and heart to leave you feeling queasy. Papyrus hadn't heard from Sans either. It wasn't  like him  to do this. He might forget to message you on occasion, but to not say anything to his own brother? He'd rather lop off his own head than make him worry, which told you that something  had  to be wrong. You were in the process of calling the police when the front door finally squeaked open, making you sigh in relief.  Yet, when you went to the entrance, you could only stare. *** The skeleton before you was an eyesore straight from the 90's, from his nylon windbreaker to his goofy ass hat and glasses combo. You had to squint just to take in his appearance just avoid having your eyes ooze out their sockets from the bombardment of colors. It was weird to see him in something other than his usual hoodie and it felt like something...  Unnatural  was happening. "Sans, what the hell are you wearing?" He paused, his glasses flashing "BA-BE" before he spoke in a voice that was decidedly  not Sans'. "What? You don't like my rad new duds?" *** Your brief moment of relief turned into gut wrenching worry again as you approached Sans, reaching towards him in concern. His usual grin seemed rounder, twitchier. More... Stilted. Like he couldn't control the movement in his cheekbones. "Forget the clothes, are you alright? You didn't text or  anything," you scolded, smoothing your hands over his shoulders as you tried to subtly feel him up for injuries. If he had an episode of memory loss, he could have very well gotten hurt and wouldn't even be aware enough to know it. He let out a content sigh, "I'm  great  now, babe." *** You frowned when he called you "babe" in the strange, not-Sans voice.  It was out of character for him:  all  of this was. He didn't dress in nauseatingly bright colors. He didn't say "rad" and he sure as hell  never  wore hats, knowing they irritated his injury. A million scenarios ran through your mind as you tried to figure out what happened to him that might have caused him to act so...  Weird. Sans took your hands, bringing them up to his cheeks so he could nuzzle into your palms. Something wasn't  right  and you were getting scared for him. *** Tugging a hand away, you grabbed the hat and began to pull it off when he suddenly gripped your wrist in a bone-jarring hold. It made you yelp and jump, staring at him with wide eyes as he let out a strained laugh and pulled your hand away. "nuh-uh, babygirl. the hat stays," he sternly stated.   Babygirl. Another weird thing for him to say and he refused to remove the hat? Was he just pulling an elaborate prank? You definitely weren't amused with it after the amount of worry he put you through, but your annoyance didn't eliminate your concern. *** Deciding to try to get him comfortable so you could feel out what was going through his head, you went for the most surefire way to get to the bottom of things. "Are you hungry? I made your favorite," you offered, knowing that Sans couldn't resist  food. He kissed the wrist he was holding tightly and shrugged, "Nah. I'm not really feelin' it tonight." The words felt like ice in your heart. He  never  refused food. You had never heard of  any  Monster refusing food before. This was bad, something was  horribly wrong  and you  didn't know what to do.  *** "I... What?" You hesitated to really call him out on it in case he was in a fugue state since you couldn't be certain with  how  he would react to certain things. "Are you... Sure?" You couldn't see his eyes, but something in his posture made you think he realized that what he had said  bothered  you. His brows lifted and he cupped your chin between his hands, but it felt  so, so wrong.  "Well, I think I can  stomach  a few bites."  There. A pun: his classic way to soothe your endless worries. Maybe... you were just being paranoid? *** Sans barely touched his food. You watched him pick at it as you slyly texted Papyrus under the table, but he barely choked down a couple bites before patting his stomach and saying it was bedtime. He asked if you would join him, admitting that he had a rough day in that god awful 90's slang before dragging you to the bedroom. He changed into pajamas and removed the hat - only to replace it with a hideous, teal and purple night cap. The glasses remained firmly in place as he spooned you from behind. Your worry only grew in intensity.






Tongue Tied Terror
Chapter Notes
Warning: Non-consensual Somnophilia.Once again, things will be moving along at a fairly quick pace, so be sure to mind the tags <3



The feeling of of a tongue tracing your clit woke you from your sleep. At first, you weren't sure what was happening as you blearily stared at the ceiling, furrowing your brow as the throbbing between your legs intensified. When you finally woke up enough to put two and two together, Sans was thrusting his fingers into your entrance as he moaned against your mound. Another red flag, since he had  never  been one to take the initiative during sex. He worried too much about hurting or upsetting you to do...  This. "Babygirl..."  You shoved your palm against his forehead. *** He whined, clutching your thighs to keep you from pushing him too far away and if you hadn't been concerned about his well-being, you would have kicked him. "But baaabe, you were so  close." His claws were pricking your skin, making you narrow your eyes before trying a phrase that  always  shut him down. "You're hurting me, Sans." Normally, he would have jerked away as if you burned him and apologized for days upon days. Instead, he gave a sultry purr, rubbing his thumb on your nub, "Lemme kiss it better." It only confirmed that something was so horribly wrong. *** Another shove successfully dislodged him from you and you reached for your discarded underwear with a sigh, "Don't do that again." He pouted. You didn't know your ever-grinning soulmate  could  pout, but he was directing one at you and it might have actually worked if not for the stupid fucking glasses saying "PU-SS". How they worked was a mystery to you, but you were about ready to slap them off the side of his face. "Babydoll, I  need  you," Sans whined, sitting up enough to show off his erection. His entire body jolted slightly and the glasses briefly flashed "DO-N'T". *** His playful pout shifted into a strained smile and as quickly as the word appeared, it was replaced by "YO-LO". You were worried  sick, watching him crawl off the bed and tuck his erection back into his shorts. "... Howzabout I make you some breakfast in bed, babe?" It was much more like Sans to try to offer you food to fix his mistakes, but the action still felt  off. He was pointedly not looking your way as he pulled on the nylon windbreaker he came home in and you couldn't help but notice he moved woodenly - much like a marionette  *** The moment he left the room, you called Papyrus. "He's not right, Paps," you whispered into your phone, staring at the bedroom door in case Sans wandered back in. "He refused to eat. He didn't back off when I said he  hurt  me! He's  talking  weird!" "THIS IS VERY TROUBLING, FRIEND. I'M SORRY YOU ARE DEALING WITH IT ALONE RIGHT NOW," the skeleton responded grimly. "I WILL BE THERE SHORTLY, SO PLEASE REMAIN CALM."  "It's just so fucking  wrong-" The phone was nicked from your grasp and Sans tutted as he waved it at you, "Who're you talkin' to, Babe?" *** You could hear Papyrus saying your name over and over, asking if everything was alright. It  wasn't. Not when Sans was looming over you like a predator ready to devour you whole. Not when a primal shiver of fear rolled up your spine as he pressed the phone to the side of his head. "heya bro," he said in his  normal  voice. "what's up?" Your face twisted in shock as he grinned down at you, leaving you with the sudden urge to run far away from him.  "nah, s'just a bad prank. i didn't mean ta spook her so bad."


*** Another pause to listen to Papyrus, and then he said, "nah, you don't gotta take off work. i'm makin' her breakfast and i'm gonna... try to make it up to her, ya know?" You opened your mouth to protest - stopping short when his grin grew sharper as he held a finger up in a shushing motion. A violet mist of magic was beginning to pour out of his right eye, seeping out from beneath the glasses as they read "SH-HH". A sudden wave of terror had you struggling to find your voice. Was he seriously  threatening  you right now? *** Once he was sure you weren't going to say anything, he hummed and splayed his fingers across your cheek as though nothing was wrong. "thanks, bro. you're the best," he sighed, smiling sweetly at you. "uh-huh. love ya too, paps. bye." As soon as he hung up, Sans crushed the device and dropped the shards to the ground. You stared, not wanting to believe what he just did and tried to rationalize it all away even as he forcibly pressed his teeth against your lips. "That wasn't cool, dawg," he murmured in the not-Sans voice. "Snitchin' on me like that." *** "Sans,  stop it. You're freaking me out," you demanded with a shaky voice, pushing him away from you. "Just  stop." He laughed, the sound nearly a hysterical giggle as he grasped your biceps to hold you in place. "I- I  know  you don't get it, babygirl. I know! I don't get it either- it's, hah, it's  new  to me too! But you don't gotta be  scared, okay?" "Sans, I said  stop it-" You tried to yank yourself away, but he just held on tighter. "No, no, shhh, don't wig out on me. I promise I'm not gonna hurt ya, baby." *** "I just," Sans snorted and pressed his forehead against your own. "I can't... I don't wanna  share: you're  mine  now, don'tcha know? Finders keepers, babygirl. I found you, so I'm  keeping  you." His near delirious babble was only terrifying you more and more. "Sans, what the-" He peppered kisses on your cheeks, trying to soothe you with affection that felt  fake  despite his glasses saying "LO-VE". Maybe he wasn't aware of how  creepy  he was being, maybe it was a newly developed symptom of his injury, maybe he was finally having a mental breakdown - but no matter what, he needed  help . 



ST-OP
Chapter Notes
what? two chapters in one day? weird o3o  why did i decide to write fresh i can't speak 90's dkfjkf



  Sans abruptly pulled away from you, laughing brightly as he booped your nose and shot finger guns at you. "You know whatcha need? Your promised nutritionally balanced  breakfast, my swaggerlicious gal." The mood swing was enough to give you whiplash and he turned to leave the room as he hummed what you recognized as a Britney Spears song. You stared after him, watching him move down the hall before sliding off the bed to pick at the pieces of your phone. It was completely ruined, though you tried to not let it get to you. Papyrus would be there eventually. *** He returned as you were cleaning up the mess, carrying a bowl of Fruit Loops - something you didn't even know you  had  - and a glass of orange juice. "I'm sorry for wreckin' your phone, babydoll, but you went and got me feelin’ a gnarly type of way," he said as he placed them down on the dresser. "What ya did wasn't  nice." You shot him a withering glare, but he ignored it and tugged you up onto your feet, swiping the phone and bits of glass that you had in your palms. "Sans, nothing you're doing right now is  nice." *** "Pffft!" He forced you onto the bed, pushing you until your back was against the headboard and brought the bowl to you. The way he presented it to you could only be described as giddy: bouncing from foot to foot before plopping the bowl in your lap. "Baby, ain't nothin' nicer than breakfast in bed with someone ya love and I added a lil extra  pizazz, just for you!" Normally, you'd be inclined to agree, but eating was the last thing on your mind right now. It didn't help that he was watching you like he was waiting for something. *** "Well? Fruity Loops are pretty bomb diggity, babe, so you should  every last bite." His voice dropped an octave: not quite his normal voice, but still different enough that you were unsettled. It made sense for him to potentially be aggressive about eating it all: wasting food may as well be a sin in your household, but you were suspicious. Sans stared at you  too  closely, his glasses reading "EAT-UP", which wasn't alarming on its own, but you had a gut feeling that you shouldn't listen. Picking up the spoon, you held it up towards his mouth. "Open up,  baby." *** He recoiled, holding up his hands to ward it off. "Whooooa no, nah-uh. Nice try, babykins, but I've already got myself some grub! I'm  stuffed." You couldn't think of a single moment where Sans had felt full in all the time you had been together. He constantly battled his cravings to the point that some nights you would stay up with him as he sobbed from the pain of eating  too much. Still, your instincts were going haywire, so you tried again. "But sharing is caring, sweetie, and the best way to show a Monster you care is with food." *** Sans laughed, though the sound was forced and lacked the cheer of his normal chuckles, "I know ya care, babygirl, but  you  should eat-" His body jerked violently and his glasses glitched, suddenly displaying "ST-OP" and " FO-OD" toward you in bold, blue letters. The words continued flashing back and forth as his body twitched and convulsed until he shook himself, gasping for air. You hurried to set the bowl aside, rising up to clutch his shoulders to help steady him. "Sans? What's the matter?" "don't eat it," he rasped weakly, grasping at your elbows as he slumped into your arms. *** He convulsed against you, seeming as though he was fighting with himself before he ripped away from you. You tried to steady him again, afraid that he might hurt himself - but he simply flopped down onto the mattress. "Sans, oh my god, are you-" 
 CRASH! 
 You jumped, slowly turning to look at where he had thrown the bowl against the wall and gaped at the milk and cereal that dripped onto the carpet. Sans, however, clutched at his face as high pitched cackles shook his body. "Ya just  had  ta jack it up. Punked me  real  good, ya stinkin' scrub!" *** "Jesus, Sans," you gasped, rushing to look him over. "What the  quack-" You stopped short, holding your throat in surprise, unsure if that sound had actually come out of your mouth. Sans pushed himself up onto his elbows, revealing that the sunglasses that he had been wearing were knocked askew.  His left socket - normally flooding with a deep crimson color - was oozing a violet sludge that stained the bone around it and you could see his  soul  floating within his skull. The color drained from your face, but he just smirked and righted his glasses to hide his eye. *** "So, change of plans, babe," he began, his voice chipper as he pushed himself up. "I  was  gonna make this real easy for ya, but since your lil boy toy thinks he's a tough nut, we're gonna have to  crack  his shell." You froze, taking a slow step back as he rose onto his feet. "What do you mean...? Sans... Please... You're scaring me." Sans snickered, walking towards you with his shoulders squared, "Don't worry, baby! Your new soulmate  Fresh  is gonna take ya on a real radtastic ride and give that old man of yours the show of his  life." *** The glasses changed again, reading "RU-UN" and causing Sans to misstep as he approached. You didn't need to be told twice and instantly turned, nearly running into the wall as you sprinted out of the room and down the hallway. He squawked in surprise, barreling after you: forcing you to vault over your couch to put something between the two of you. "Quack-” Caught off guard, you didn't have enough time to move away before he lunged and tackled you to the floor."Gotcha," he gloated and pinned you beneath him with his hips while gripping your wrists. "You're  mine!"



Addicted
Chapter Notes
Warning: Choking, Non-Consensual Vaginal Fingering.Can you believe we're getting close to the end of this? I still have no idea how to actually write Fresh so lmao thanks for sticking with my bullshit so far~



  "Quacking get off of me!" You struggled, thrashing your legs and twisting your torso violently in an attempt to rip away from Sans. He held on to you tightly, locking his legs around your hips and using his weight to keep you flush against the floor. "Now now, babycakes. That kind of uncool lingo doesn't  fly  real well with me," he growled, slamming your wrists down inches above your head. "Sans, you  quackhole-" "Babe, you'd better stop-" You snapped, "Quack  you-" His free hand wrapped itself around your neck, cutting out off your voice and airflow. "Watch your mouth." *** You writhed, trying to jerk your head away so you could suck in air, but he simply dug his claws into your throat in response. A deep, burning ache was already building in your lungs and strained gurgles erupted from your mouth as he leaned in close with a sneer. "I'm  tryin'  to make this easy on ya, but you're being totes unrad," Sans hissed. "You're  both  bein' stubborn: you just need to go with the flow, baby." You barely managed to choke out, "B... B-both?" The question made his expression brighten and he eased up on applying pressure. *** "Oh, riiiight. You don't  know," he laughed as you greedily sucked in air. "Ya see, I was  gonna  do this slow - get you  used  to me first before I made a big reveal, but this stupid  host  of mine is being difficult." "W-what?" Your chest heaved as you wheezed out, "I-I don't understand..." Sans pinched the glasses, raising them up as the words changed to "TA-DA". Four violet tentacles pulled a large, slug like creature out of Sans' eye socket and it blinked down at you with a single red and yellow eye surrounded by serrated teeth. "It's  me, schnookums!" *** You stared, unsure of how to react: there was a  fucking slug  in his skull, along with his soul and now he was acting like a psychopath from the 90's. How were you supposed to deal with this?  How  the hell did this happen? Sans leaned down and the slug smeared its tentacle across your cheek. "Pretty sicknasty, right? I actually didn't  mean  to pick your boo as a host: every Parasite knows to avoid hosts that have  soulmates, but hey, accidents happen, baby!" "W-what do you mean?" It wrapped its limbs around Sans' soul and sighed, "Well, about that..." *** It laughed, slithering further into Sans' skull and peeking out the other socket. "I was rollin' around, lookin' for some new kicks since the old one was outta juice and I came across your pal here. 'Course, I only noticed it was one of those horror brahs  after  I took a bite, but whatcha gonna do?" Cautiously, you tested his grip on your wrists and resisted the urge to frown when he tightened it.  Shit. "You  bit  him?" He snickered, tracing his nasal ridge down your face, "Well,  yeah,  my dudette. How else am I gonna suck his soul dry?" *** Host.  Parasite. Suck his soul dry...  You slowly started piecing everything together and your eyes began to well up with helpless tears. How were you supposed to fix this?  Could  it be fixed? Oh  god, was he hurting?  Suffering? Why didn't you notice sooner? Why didn't you demand Papyrus come  sooner? Why- "Oh, baby, don't cry," the  thing  in Sans' skull shushed you, reaching to wipe away the wet trails on your cheeks with its tentacle. "We're  soulmates  now." "No we're  not," you spat, jerking your head to the side to dislodge it. "Get out. Just-  get out of him!" *** "No way, José." Sans' hand completely left your throat, traveling down to trace the pattern on your shirt. "Do you know what it's like to not be able to feel anythin'?" "I-" "It's pretty  not cool, baby, but I didn't know that feeding on this loser's soul would  spark  somethin'," he sounded excited.  Thrilled. Like a kid at Christmas. "Just a nibble and I  felt  something." The Parasite hugged itself with its tentacles, its eye closing in bliss as it squealed happily. Your gut was churning with disgust for it and growing fear for Sans' well being. "It's so  addicting." *** He looked manic, clutching his head as he shook and chuckled to himself before eyeing you like a piece of meat. You yelped, recoiling as he suddenly grabbed the front of your shirt and tore it away “I know it’s  his  soul that’s making me feel this way but… I’m  addicted.” You flinched when he drew his violet tongue along your throat and down the valley of your breasts, staring you in the eyes as he pressed a kiss above your rapidly pounding heart. “I  love  this feeling. I don’t wanna get rid of it and  I'm not going to.” *** "S... Stop..." You whimpered, squeezing your eyes shut as he sucked a nipple into his mouth and released it with a  pop! "S-stop it!" Sans gave the same treatment to the opposite breast and you squinted down to see the Parasite watching your expression with glee. "No can do,  Reader. This is whatcha came for,  right?" You blinked in confusion, trembling as he came back up to press a kiss to the corner of your mouth.  "You're here for a  bad time," he murmured, sliding a hand underneath your panties. "And let's be real, home skillets... I'm just here to  deliver." *** Sans' fingers delved into your folds, making you hiss and once again try to throw him off of you. He took it all in stride, adjusting his hips to pin you more securely against him as he continued fingering you. "I love ya, babycakes," he groaned and you could see that  Parasite  shivering in delight. "It hit me like a Mack truck but  oh man, I'm diggin' this. Ya may not like me for awhile now, but shucks, we've got nothing but time once we blow this popsicle stand." "Stop!" Sans laughed, kissing your lips, "Never gonna happen,  Reader."






The Bad Time You Wanted
Chapter Notes
Warning: Rape/Non-Con. Just a couple more to go...Condensing everything into this chapter was a bit of a struggle, but I hope it's still enjoyable <3



  "Heh, never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down..." Sans' voice trailed off into a rumbling hum as his fingers traced your slit and he pressed kisses to your neck; all while the Parasite watched your every move. You tried to pull away, to twist your body enough to dislodge him and scramble away, but he remained firmly situated above your body. "Don't fight it, babykins," he gruffly spoke against your skin and shifted himself to sit on your thighs so he could grind against you without breaking the beat he tapped against your clit. "Just  chillax, m'kay?" *** "Get  off  me," you snarled, straining to jerk your arms out of his grip. It made him pause for a moment, pulling his hand from your underwear long enough to separate your wrists to pin at your sides. Misty, violet magic oozed from his sockets and you gasped shrilly when rib bones jutted up out of the ground, caging them in place. Sans face shifted into a smug smirk and the Parasite's toothy eye twisted into a nasty grin. "Much better, don'tcha think? Now I can do...  This." He pinched your nipples, tugging on them harshly to make you yelp. *** You cringed away as best you could, whimpering as he pulled on them one more time before letting them go and placing his hands on either side of your head. Sans sighed dreamily, opening his mouth to allow a multitude of tongue like tentacles to roll out of his maw - each of them a different florescent color. Pinching your jaw, he forced your mouth open and you let out a muffled scream as several shoved their way inside. They wriggled energetically, shoving their way down your throat and he moaned lewdly as the rest slathered your cheeks in saliva. *** The moment he pulled back enough to let you breathe, you sputtered and spat at him, "If you don't stop, I'm going to  scream." Sans rose up off you enough to grasp your panties and pull them down - narrowly dodging the kick you aimed at his chest. He caught your ankle when you drew it back to strike again and tutted at you disapprovingly. "Scream all ya want, babycakes. I  want  you to," he groaned, shoving your legs apart so he could settle between your thighs. "You'll do that for me, won't ya? Do it for your totes rad soulmate?" *** You kept shaking your wrist, glaring at the  slug  as Sans continued to stroke at your folds to get a rise out of you. He frowned, licking his thumb when you were  too dry  for his tastes and he began to apply more pressure to your nub.  "Why are y-you doing this? Does this get you off? You  f-freak," you hissed vehemently, earning a snort in response. "L-let Sans  go, he d-doesn't deserve this-  Sans can you hear me?" Calling out for Sans seemed to strike a nerve, making him halt all motions as the Parasite glowered down at you. *** "Fresh." You stared, not comprehending what it was implying until it growled again, "Fresh. My name.  Say it." You let the anger melt away from your face, lifting your brows in disbelief before breaking into a fit of laughter. It made the Parasite blink down at you, startled by your outburst and you had to use your shoulder to wipe away amused tears. Taking a deep breath, you mockingly said, "Fffffrrrreak." "That's-" Raising up as much as you could, you spat in his face and snapped, "I'm  never  going to say your name, jerk.  Now give me back my Sans." *** He was quiet, ignoring the glob of spit that rolled down the side of his face as he seemed to be soaking in your words. You kept your face set in a scowl, though your body was trembling in terror: you were defenseless, so the best you could do was try to buy time or somehow get through to Sans.  If  he was still in there...  Please still be in there. The Parasite rolled its tentacles in a shrug before slumping on the edge of Sans' eye socket. "Well, babykins. I'll make ya say it one way or the other." *** Sans forced your thighs apart further and swiped the spit off his cheek before adding his own to his palm to work it into your entrance. You thrashed, pleading and calling his name in an attempt to make it  stop  as he lightly tugged on the drawstring of his shorts. "Ya could've made it easier on yourself, babe," the Parasite cooed. "Go to  hell." He pushed his shorts down and in one harsh thrust, he sheathed himself inside you with a drawn own moan. You bawled, painfully unaroused and  furious  that this was happening: how could you  let  it happen? *** There was a brief second of stillness where he just sat there, whimpering and  enjoying  himself. He clutched your thighs, holding you flush with his hips as he made minute jerks that made you wince. Tears bit at the corners of your eyes, but you never stopped twisting your wrist in an attempt to work it free. Once he adjusted to being inside you, Sans leaned forward and cradled your face so the Parasite could trace your lips with a vile tentacle. Slowly, he began to thrust, though the movements were jerky and awkward. "You're mine, Reader... You're  mine.  Mine." *** He continued the mantra for several minutes, gasping in heated pleasure as it rubbed your clit to get your body to react. You kept your teeth bared, glowering up at the Parasite in hopes that you would see a sign of  Sans  somewhere in there. "Y-you f-fuh-feel so  good," it stuttered, its slimy body twitching erratically. "Does it feel good for  you, babygirl?" You could feel an orgasm approaching, but you still sneered. "No." Sans chuckled, "Liar." You clenched your eyes shut when  it  happened, trying to ignore it when he spilled his release inside of you with a shout.






4E-VA
Chapter Notes
Warning: Non-consensual oral sex and violence.  O n e m o r e t o g o . . .



Sans wheezed above you, his shoulders heaving as the Parasite gazed down at you in bliss: it looked so happy that there were pale violet tears at the corner of its eye-mouth. You felt nothing but shame, disgust and  fury  when you scowled up at it. "Oh, babycakes..." His claws cupped your cheeks, directing your mouth to be level with his eye and the  slug  pressed its teeth to your lips. You tried to bite it, wanting nothing more than to bite its fucking face off but it pulled away before you could. "I can't  wait  to bring you home." *** You didn't like what he was implying, but there was little you could do with your hands stuck and your body pinned down. Scenarios ran through your mind, each one getting progressively worse until all you could imagine was this freak murdering you and leaving Sans to deal with the aftermath. He sat back, lifting his hat to wipe the sweat from his brow before carefully settling it back over his cracked skull. "Ya know... He's fightin' me pretty hard. The stuff he's sayin' is mad uncool, brah." "Make him your  quack, Sans!  Quack  him up!" The Parasite twitched furiously. *** Sans pulled out of you abruptly, making you yelp and cringe at the feeling of his seed gushing out, but hands prying open your mouth made you instantly ignore it. The head of his cock was forced past your lips, but when you tried to clench your teeth shut, he grabbed a fistful of your hair and bashed your head against the ground. "Shut up. I  warned  you to watch your mouth, babe," he hissed and shoved himself further into your mouth while you were dazed. "You'd better watch your teeth now: you'd only hurt your  Sans  if you bite." *** It took you what felt like hours to drag yourself out of your stupor enough to fruitlessly kick your legs. His thrusts were harsh and deep, pounding into your throat and preventing you from getting enough air to even breathe. "Izzat whatcha wanted, babykins? Didja just want some tough lovin'?" He carded his hands through your hair and clutched it tightly to keep your head still as he panted and moaned loudly. The longer he kept it up, the more black spots began to form at the edges of your vision and the more you gagged and thrashed below him. *** "Mmm, babygirl, your mouth is so  hot." Sans was drooling, his face twisted in euphoric bliss and his body shivered. "You don't even understand what you do to me. I  love  this." His thrusts stuttered and suddenly, his fingers clamped your nose shut: completely cutting off your airflow. Your eyes flew open in wild panic and you were afraid that the sick fucker was going to kill you by making you choke on his  dick. "C'mon baby," he urged, letting out a drawn out groan as he flooded your mouth with his cum. "Swallow every drop like a good girl." *** You choked, accidentally trying to breathe and only inhaling it down your throat instead. It was humiliating and he  smiled  down at you while you were practically drowning on his cum, enjoying your suffering until he finally withdrew from your mouth.  Greedily, you sucked in air and coughed violently, the burning in your esophagus and lungs leaving you red faced and sobbing. He cupped your cheeks and cooed praise, but he did nothing to ease your suffering. Then he jolted, staring down at you as his permanent smile twitched into a distraught frown. The glasses on his hat read "DYI-NG?". *** Sans' bloated, crimson eye began to flicker back to life, drowning out the vision of the Parasite hiding inside his skull. "h-honey," he began, clutching your cheeks in an earnest panic. "i-i'm sorry,  fuck, i'm so sorry! i-" His palm shot to his eye socket, rubbing against the bone furiously, but when he lowered his hand, the red glow was gone and the glasses said "UG-GH". "You're alright, ain'tcha, soulmate? A lil spunk ain't gonna keep you down," the Not-Sans voice taunted, but you could hear frustration in the tone. "But then again, you humans  are  pretty whack... So  breakable..." *** "Welp, that's totes why we should skeddadle outta here as fast as we can: you'll be  much  safer back at my place."  He moved back down your body, nipping your skin until he could nestle his skull between your breasts. You were finally managing to regulate your breathing, but it didn't stop the rage from burning inside your chest. The panic and  fear  that Sans displayed when he wrestled back his brief control left you heartbroken. He didn't deserve this:  neither  of you did. Everything about this was so fucked up and you were powerless to do anything about it. *** You could feel the Parasite tracing a tentacle over the space where your heart was, its actions dreamy and wistful as Sans wrapped his arms around your waist. "I wanna crack your head open like an egg, ya know." The words made you tense, automatically preparing yourself to  try  to fight back. It made him laugh, "Naaah, don't be like that, schnookums. I ain't  gonna, I just... Really  wanna." "You're  sick," you hoarsely snapped. "You're sick,  freak." He rose up on his elbows a bit and it didn't seem bothered by your insult in the slightest. "Yeah? What's your point?" *** "Think about it, baby. If I could get inside your head, we'd be even  closer! And human souls are  way  tougher than a Monster's. I bet you'd  never  run dry, but if ya do, I can just hop out and give you a break!" Your stomach churned, but you kept silent as you continued to subtly work your hand inside of its restraints. "I love you, baby! Don'tcha wanna be with your soulmate forever?" He gave you a thin, deranged smile and the stupid glasses flashed "4E-VA", but you didn't pay it much attention. Your hand was finally slipping free.






The End
Chapter Notes
Warning: Character Death.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




  "I don't wanna hurt ya, baby." Sans kissed your chest, gazing up at you with that hated Parasite leering from his eye socket. "I just wanna keep you with me all the time. I can hide you away with my Furby collection: you like Furbies, don't you?" You gave him a dead eyed stare: for a psychopath, the slug sure was a childish idiot. "No." It pouted, but you simply watched its moves carefully as it slid into Sans' right socket. "We'll work somethin' out. I've got Beanie Babies too!" You grunted and waited for the perfect moment. *** "Can't you tell how excited I am, Reader?" He brushed his fingers against your cheek, wiping away residual tears. "I bet you're excited too. You'd totes malotes  love  to be locked away in my radtastic basement, waitin' for me to come home and use ya any way I want." "Oh yes, I can barely contain my excitement," you snarked with a scowl. "Get over yourself, creep. I want nothing to do with you." The Parasite inhaled, closing its eye in frustration. 
 Wrong move, fucker. 
 You seized your chance, tearing your hand from the restraints to thrust it into Sans' eye. *** You closed your fingers around it, gagging at the way it wetly squished in your hand, but pushed through your disgust to rip it out of his skull. Sans collapsed on you the second it was removed and it instantly began shrieking, the noise startling you into throwing it as far away from you as possible. "Sans!? Sans, can you hear me? It's gonna be okay, sweetie," you soothed, hugging his head to your chest protectively as you tried to free your other hand. "I've got you." The Parasite used its tentacles to right itself, casting you a hateful glare. *** It started dragging itself towards you, hellbent on getting its host back and it sent you into a panic. You couldn't move your body to sit up thanks to Sans' dead weight and from the angle it was coming at you, you weren't sure if you could reach it with your free hand to stop it from getting inside him again. "Stay  away  from us!" It didn't listen - why would it? - and it made gargled chirping sounds as if it was trying to speak. You felt like a wimp for being scared of something so small and pathetic looking. *** You tried to shield Sans with your body, using your hips to tilt him away from the slug, hoping and praying that  something  would make it stop. That  something  would make the nightmare end. The Parasite draped its tentacles on your wrist, preparing to climb onto you. "Don't  touch  me-  get off!" Sans' crimson eye snapped to life and slowly, he pushed off of you as the air vibrated with pure, unadulterated  anger. He loomed over you both with an unhinged grin, but his stare was fixated on the little troublemaker. The glasses, still situated on his head, read "KI-LL". *** You barely had time to blink: one moment, the Parasite was clinging to your arm and the next, Sans had it caged in the palm of his hand. Wordlessly, you watched as he pinched a tentacle in his claws, mindfully dodging the snap of its teeth, and pulled slowly. Steadily. Mercilessly. It was screaming, squealing in pain as Sans carefully ripped the limb off its body and tossed it aside like trash.  "gonna go out on a  limb  here and say you don't like it when the tables are turned," he lightly joked, though his tone was dark and furious. *** The sight horrified you and you were certain that the sounds were going to haunt you for the rest of your life, but you were too  shocked. Your innocent, shy soulmate was ruthlessly shredding the creature, looking as though he was enjoying every second of it - not that you  blamed  him. "getting you out was like  pulling teeth," Sans sneered, grasping one of its many fangs and snapping it in half. "stubborn  quacker-" His grin hitched higher and you recognized the annoyance in his eye. Usually, it meant he was hungry, but this time... "why don'tcha  play dead?" He was  murderous. *** 
 Squelch. 
 Purple flesh and neon green blood splashed onto the carpet beside you, leaving the room devoid of noise aside from the faint dripping from Sans' palm. He was breathing heavily in an attempt to get a handle on his emotions, but he still managed to briefly get his bearings enough to break the restraint that held you down. He gave the fistful of goop a final glance before tossing it away, then shifted his attention to scan you over for injuries. Words caught in his throat, but you could  feel  the waves of relief and anxiety rolling off him. *** You sat up with a broken sob, wrapping your arms around Sans as tightly as you could. He returned the gesture with equal fervor, letting out a shaky breath as he buried his face in the crook of your neck and whimpered quietly. "i'm  so  sorry,  fuck. i didn't  want to-" You shushed him, knocking the hat off his head so you could rub the back of his skull, murmuring to comfort him through his panic.  Once he had calmed down, you asked, "Do you reckon your therapist will do a couple's session?" He huffed a laugh, "i'll text him." *** The front door slammed open, startling you as Papyrus' voice proclaimed, "SANS! I'M HERE TO INVESTIGATE YOUR TOMFOOLERY!" Sans adjusted himself to shield you, but it was too little too late as he rounded the corner and gave you both a scandalized look. "OH MY  GOD. DON'T CANOODLE IN THE LIVING ROOM???" It was just the thing you needed to break the tension, sending you both into a delirious fit of laughter. Yes, things sucked right now, but you knew you'd pull through as long as you had each other. After all, the trauma was nothing a Fresh Start couldn't fix.





Chapter End Notes
THE END. I feel like the ending for this one is a bit rushed, but I really wanted to challenge myself to complete it in as few words/chapters as I possibly could. Hopefully the ending was satisfying in some sense! Though I may be willing to do an epilogue with these two if the fancy strikes me (Or if I notice people are interested in seeing a brief glance as to what happens to these two).  or perhaps I'll write a "Bad End" where Fresh prevails someday... maybe Either way, thank you all so much for reading this short little ficlet of mine and thank you for all of the support~!!Until next time~


Epilogue
Chapter Notes
The promised epilogue~Enjoy their happy ending while it lasts.



"You know, when I said we should take a vacation, I didn't mean we should  vacate  the house," you softly joked as you stuffed porcelain plates into a box. On the other side of the kitchen, Sans was blankly staring into an empty cabinet as his hand itched around the bandanna covering his cracked skull. Your heart sank, knowing it was something he was uncomfortable with, but it made him feel better after having something  inside  his head. After a moment, he finally responded with, "i know, but the therapist said some change might do us both some good, honey." *** "That's true... We do have a lot on our  plate  right now." To emphasize your joke, you waved the plate you were holding, then laughed awkwardly when he didn't react. "Dishesn't going as well as I thought it would." That made him blink slowly and look over at you, then snort when the puns finally registered, "aw,  babe-" You both froze and Sans immediately dug his fingers into his empty eye to tug on it harshly. It took you a moment to collect yourself, but you managed to set your work aside to walk over and gently pull it away. *** "Eye'm sorry," you told him and shakily laced your fingers together. "Iris  we did could go right back to having a spectocular  time like we used to." Sans' shoulders were heaving and he fought to pull away from you, scrabbling at your wrist with his free hand as the panic set in. The scratches were light enough that you only winced and ignored it in favor of wrapping your other arm around him to hold him close. "We used to look at the world with rose colored glasses, huh?" You sniffled a bit, holding back tears as he squirmed. *** "stop." Sans slithered his hands between the two of you and pushed against your chest, but you locked your arms in place to prevent him from shoving you away. You knew there wasn't much you could do other than wait it out, but it stung to have him fight to get away from you because of what that  thing  did. "let go." "It's okay, Sans. Just breathe, I'm here for you..." "that's- wh... what if it comes  back?" You opened your mouth to respond but he cut you off, "what if i can't  stop it? what if it  kills  you-" *** You grabbed his cheeks and lifted his head so he could look you in the eye. "It won't happen." "but what if-" "It's dead, Sans. We have the carpet stain to prove it," you lightly joked and motioned to the purple blotch that you had tried numerous times to remove. "We're moving across the country to start over and we're making progress in therapy." "yeah." "I know it's hard, but we'll get through this." You kissed the top of his skull. "I  love  you." He sighed and wrapped his arms around you in resignation."i love you too, honey." *** You remained in the embrace for several long moments and relished simply being  together  before you stepped back and placed your hands on his shoulders. Sans pointedly kept his red, overblown eye trained on the floor and his jaw worked back and forth as though he was trying to prevent himself from speaking. "Let's take a break for now," you told him and guided his chin up so he would meet your gaze. "You hungry?" There was a visible shift in his demeanor upon the mention of food and he gave you a somewhat stiff smile. "i'm always hungry, sweetart." *** You watched Sans carefully for signs of him falling into another bout of self harm as he scrounged around in the fridge. He moved woodenly, as though he was still adjusting to having control of his own body - not that you could fault him for that - and you wracked your brain for a conversation to fill the silence. "You know, I think we should start a garden at the new place," you tried and he tilted his head at you in interest. "flowers?" "We could do vegetables too and supply the fridge from the backyard?" He made a thoughtful hum. *** "the new place does have a chunk of land behind it," he murmured and set out the makings of what you guessed would be some form of potato hash. "could try a bit of farming." "Can't be too hard," you snorted and walked over to help him chop onions. "Dig a hole, dump some seeds in and  tada!" Sans cast you an amused look. "it's a bit more complicated than that, i think. would probably have to test the dirt quality and get it treated if it's no good." You squinted through the onion fueled tears. "You're the boss, handsome." ***  He must like the idea, you thought to yourself as Sans chatted throughout the process of making a meal. Plans and visions of a farm tumbled from his mouth and the more he talked, the more he brightened up. Not even eating could slow him down as he continued to talk energetically with his mouth full of food. "Well, Farmer Joe, we'd better finish packing so we can get started," you grinned as he shoveled the last of his food in his mouth. He smiled back at you, looking more like his old self. "best  plow  through these boxes, huh?" *** If there was one thing you knew in life, it was that your soulmate had  habits. Sure, you knew it would take time for Sans to build new ones as you packed up the last of your belongings into the moving truck, but it was worth it to see the relief in his eye when you left your old home behind. Change was never  easy  and you both certainly had enough shared trauma that you were guaranteed hiccups along the way, but you were confident that you'd both pull through. You had each other and that's all that really mattered. 




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



