



got a piece of candy and - cypherkooks - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

got a piece of candy (and it's all for you)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11958573.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Yugyeom
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - College/University, Porn With Plot, Explicit Sexual Content, Face-Fucking, Blow Jobs, Dirty Talk, extensive use of 'baby boy' and 'good boy', Comeplay, Come Eating, jeongguk wears fishnets and yoongi nearly creams his pants, Tae and Jimin are little Shits, Begging, slight praise kink, Dom/sub Undertones
Stats:

        Published: 2017-08-31
        Words: 5541
      

got a piece of candy (and it's all for you)
by cypherkooks
Summary
jeongguk has to wear fishnets for one of his dance classes and yoongi really really really likes jeongguk in fishnets (and out of them)
Notes
it's jeongguks bday in a couple of hours so happy bday baby i love u <3

          See the end of the work for more notes




got a piece of candy (and it's all for you)

yoongi was convinced that jeongguk wanted him dead.there was no one that could convince him otherwise; after all, why else would jeongguk purposefully dress like the fucking son of fucking aphrodite every day, despite his days literally just consisting of just going to the gym and to lectures.yoongi had always noticed jeongguk’s attractiveness, it was literally impossible not to.like, 2 + 3 = 7 impossible.the elder could still remember that first day that he’d walked out of his dorm room, only to see a scantily dressed male falling out of a room at the other end of the corridor, clutching his phone, laptop and what appeared to be a laptop cable.by scantily dressed yoongi meant: no form of any shirt, merely just a pair of gym shorts that, despite their flowy material, were hugging the boy’s thighs way too nicely, and some flip flops.the other guy had looked up at the sound of yoongi’s door shutting, huffing his curled fringe out of his eyes so he could see who had made the noise.“you alright?” yoongi had asked, and in hindsight if he’d known he’d struck up a conversation with the devil, well, he probably still would’ve done it.(because, not that he’d ever admit to this but, jeongguk was possibly his favourite person alive but no, you definitely didn’t hear that from him.)the conversation had ended with yoongi accompanying– “yeah, sorry, i swear i’m not usually getting thrown out of my room half-naked, honestly. anyway, i’m jeongguk,” –to the university’s giftshop (after yoongi had ever so kindly given jeongguk a shirt to borrow) where yoongi himself had merely needed to get some stationary after looking at his equipment requirement list (because who the fuck actually uses stationary for revision and college work anymore, everything’s electronic, jeez) and jeongguk had wanted to get a laptop case because– “well, if i’m gunna make a habit of being sexiled then i might as well have something to transport my goods in, y’know?”and well, yoongi knew he was fucked from there onwards.♡ ♡ ♡fast forwarding to current day, yoongi was still vehemently convinced that jeongguk wanted him dead.over the years, the dance major had worn some interesting outfits, which normally just revolved around the theme of the dance that he was currently studying. there was the standard sweatpants and t-shirt combo for his hip hop classes, the smart trousers and shirt for his salsa lessons, gym shorts and tank top for b-boying classes and, possibly the most stressful era for yoongi and everyone else on the campus, the leotards and tights for his ballet lessons.however, yoongi would rather be forced to lie on the ground and have jeongguk do the ‘grind on me’ dance in the aforementioned leotard and tights, right on top of him, than have to deal with the concoctions of clothing that were coming from his street dance classes anymore.“care to explain to use how fishnets are linked to street dance, guk?” taehyung had asked, stifling a giggle in the crevice of jimin’s throat.jeongguk narrowed his eyes at his friend before plopping down on the bench, right next to yoongi.the elder had let his gaze travel over jeongguk as he’d walked over, the ripped jeans with the intricately spun black thread underneath them fitting him extremely well. the slightly cropped white t-shirt showed off his broader shoulders and slim waist very nicely. even the more than slightly battered trainers caught yoongi’s attention because, not only did they put a spring in jeongguk’s step, but the fishnets fell down jeongguk’s entire leg and into the trainers, barely covering his dainty ankles.but now that jeongguk was literally right next to yoongi, his thighs bulging from being pressed against the wooden seat of the bench, making the tights clench onto every bit of skin, similarly to how yoongi wish he could.“shut up tae, this is nothing compared to that fucking purple tutu you wore for an entire week,” jeongguk seethed, with a little more bite than any of them could’ve expected.yoongi wasn’t sure if his tone was because he genuinely didn’t like the outfit or if he was sick of people making comments about it because he undeniably would’ve had a few cat calls on the way to their lunch table; it was college after all.“sorry man,” taehyung said, taking his face away from jimin’s neck and frowning. “i genuinely don’t get it though, aren’t fish nets a bit too, uh, kinky and sultry for a street dance class?”jeongguk sighed and angrily stabbed his salad with a plastic fork before shoving it in his mouth and then pointing the fork at taehyung.“i don’t know, man, why don’t you ask your fucking mum or something?” jeongguk grumbled, retracting the fork from taehyung’s face just to stab his salad with it again.yoongi let out a laugh at taehyung’s shocked expression and jimin’s equally as offended face and looked towards jeongguk to see the younger sporting a small smile now. jeongguk had always been a sore loser so getting a one-up on anyone was a pure source of enjoyment for the younger.most called it annoying, but yoongi found it endearing.“take it back, jeon.”“you mean like how i wish i could, but sadly can’t, take back that night with your mum?”yoongi and jeongguk both let out full bellied laughs at his reply, which only worsened upon taehyung’s indignant squeak of protest. jimin kicked yoongi’s leg under the table but it just spurred the elder on even more, laughing until he had literal tears forming in the corner of his eyes.“watch me never invite you round again, you bastard,” taehyung said, glaring at jeongguk but also passing the gaze over yoongi briefly, causing them both to stifle further giggles.jeongguk nudged yoongi’s shoulder with his own, causing the elder to turn to him in inquisition. jeongguk merely winked at yoongi before throwing an arm around his shoulder and turning back to taehyung.“probably for the best, tae, wouldn’t want you walking in on some real kinky and sultry shit wi-”“okay i fucking get it!” taehyung screeched, letting out a few small whines before placing his head in his hands.jeongguk let out a loud cackle into yoongi’s ear and the elder could practically feel jeongguk’s smile from where their heads were pressed together. he reached a hand down and pat jeongguk’s thigh amidst his own laughter, signaling that he could let go of yoongi’s neck.(yoongi was aware of the fact that he didn’t need to wrap his hand around the others thigh and then he could’ve just moved himself away but, he chose to ignore that fact.)jeongguk and yoongi let their giggles carry on some more before a distinct glare from jimin shut them both up promptly.“now, with that juvenile behaviour behind us-”“you mean like how i was behind tae’s mu-”“jeon jeongguk i swear to god, if you finish that sentence i’m gunna go to your dorm room, find your beloved bluetooth speaker and throw it out the highest window i can fucking find,” taehyung threatened, this time poking his fork in jeongguk’s face.the youngest went silent and pursed his lips in annoyance, glaring at taehyung with a silent oh no you fucking wouldn’t but dutifully kept his mouth shut and let jimin carry on.“anyway, why are you actually wearing the fishnets? i know you guys have to wear some specific things but hoseok said you just got to pick from a set range of clothing?” jimin questioned.yoongi was surprised by that information, expecting their outfit choices to be completely out of their hands. he passed another look over jeongguk, who was now flushing a pretty pink colour that spread underneath the flattering t-shirt, and admired the outfit even more.the way that jeongguk was sat against the bench meant that his legs were spread and his thighs were flattened against the surface. the fabric of the jeans wasn’t struggling to cling onto his skin, due to their slightly baggy nature, but the fishnets were clinging tightly to his legs, holding on for dear life just like how anyone might generally hold onto jeongguk.he’d always had larger than average thighs, pure muscle from all of his dance classes and gym sessions and yoongi didn’t think that anyone else would be able to look as good with that girth, as jeongguk did. jimin was also a dancer but his frame was far more slender. realistically, a single one of his thighs could probably kick yoongi’s ass to the curb but they still weren’t nearly as thick as jeongguk’s. and hoseok, he’d been born with a dancer’s body, the profession flowing through his veins since birth. he didn’t have as much muscle build up on his legs because his legs had already been sculpted for dance, he’d never had the need to add extra.obviously, that fact doesn’t take away from the raw talent within jimin and jeongguk; the two worked harder than anyone else yoongi knew and it showed in all of their performances.(though, if you asked yoongi what he thought of jimin’s dance after a showcase he probably wouldn’t be able to answer you because he would’ve been solely watching jeongguk.)jeongguk’s thighs were one thing, but his itty-bitty waist was another thing entirely.the younger was slouched slightly over the table, hunching his back and making the fabric gather up around his shoulders, leaving little to clench to his waist.“uh, yeah we do get a bit of choice but sometimes we dare each other to wear certain things, y’know?” jeongguk said, stumbling over his words slightly, which yoongi knew was a tell-tale sign of jeongguk lying. but, being the ever so wonderful friend that he was, he wasn’t going to call jeongguk out on it there and then, especially since tweedledee and tweedledumb were nodding in understanding. “yugyeom dared me to wear the fishnets and i’m not one to back down from a dare, you guys know that.”they all let out a laugh at the statement and yoongi thought back, fondly, to the time that they were playing truth or dare at a party after far too many failed attempts at beer pong and someone dared jeongguk to, not only sneak back onto the school grounds at nearly two in the morning, but to also streak through the floor fountains that were, for whatever reason, still on at such a time.he nearly got hypothermia and yoongi spent the night making him hot drinks so he didn’t freeze to death but, jeongguk claims that it was totally worth it.“hmm, you’re being awfully quiet yoongi, what do you think about jeongguk’s outfit choice?” taehyung questioned, staring at yoongi with such pure glee flowing through his eyes it made the elder feel slightly sick.yoongi opened his mouth to talk but couldn’t think of something to say that wouldn’t:

make him sound like a complete and utter creep
expose him as having the biggest, fattest, most humungous crush on the younger that anyone’s ever seen
not be pg rated
he felt jeongguk’s gaze on him from his side and turned his head to meet it. he saw inquisition floating through jeongguk’s doe eyes and the younger quirked his head, encouraging yoongi to answer, pushing him with little force but to yoongi it felt like just another hurricane into his emotions that he’d have to name after jeongguk.(hurricane 1: jeongguk running to yoongi’s demise when the older fell sick from the stomach flu and, despite the younger have a dance showcase a few days later, he risked getting sick in order to make sure yoongi had the fluffiest pillows and warmest soup.
hurricane 2: jeongguk consequently falling sick (after his showcase thankfully) and yoongi rightfully so coming to his rescue, only to find jeongguk cuddled up in his bed, surrounded by the puffiest duvet and having the softest look in the history of humanity donning his face.

hurricane 3: jeongguk accidentally tripping during a showcase last year and subsequently having a minor breakdown after the performance about how he’d “let the team down” and despite jimin and hoseok’s best efforts, it was only a hug from yoongi that managed to soothe the younger.)
“it’s, uh, interesting?” he stammered finally, taking immediate interest in the food that was in front of him. he looked up when he didn’t hear a reaction from anyone else around the table, only to see taehyung with a single eyebrow raised, jimin shaking his head and jeongguk, looking like a deflated duck (he was pouting, alright.)“b-but it looks really good on you! i didn’t mean interesting as bad, i swear! honestly, it looks really good, makes your legs look like pieces of mea-”yoongi stopped himself before he could finish his sentence but the damage was already done; taehyung now had both of his eyebrows raised, jimin was no longer shaking his head but instead holding it still in shock, with both of his eyes blown wide and jeongguk, well jeongguk was staring at yoongi in a way that the elder couldn’t quite figure out.jimin, ever the saint that he is, broke the ongoing silence with a half-hearted chuckle and rounded his food and belongings into his bag, before doing the same with taehyung’s, his boyfriend unable to do anything himself because he was just glancing between jeongguk and yoongi, who had yet to take their eyes off one another.“not that either of you oblivious wankshades will notice but, me and tae are gunna go back to our room and leave you to figure out that boiling sexual tension between the two of you that yoongi just made a million times worse.”yoongi briefly registered jimin pulling taehyung away from the table, in the direction of their dorm, and only caught snippets of their conversation, for the majority of his attention was on the surprised expression covering jeongguk’s face.(“babe?”
“hmm?”

“what the fuck is a wankshade?”

“y’know, like a lampshade. they’re both kinda dull and need each other’s light to really blossom properly.”

“okay, well, that’s possibly the most disgusting thing you’ve ever said about a pair of people that isn’t us, but, why the ‘wank’ then?”

“because, as stupidly in love as they are, my love, they’re still both utter wankers.”

“god, i love you.”

“love you too, tae.”)
jeongguk’s eyes were wide and his mouth had parted slightly. yoongi was sure that his own expression mirrored jeongguk’s and to anyone walking past they probably did look like a right pair of wankshades but he didn’t care. all he cared about in that moment was the way that jeongguk finally broke the gaze between the two of them and let his eyes move from yoongi’s own, only to travel over the other plains of his face, down to his neck and shoulders and further down his body.yoongi kept his eyes on jeongguk’s face the entire time and every time the younger moved his eyes to a different part of yoongi’s body, that bit would set alight, metaphorically of course.all of the blood in yoongi’s body would flood to that one part making it flush dramatically and seize up. he’d never been the most confident person anyway but with jeongguk, the literal son of aphrodite, looking him up and down, he felt more self-conscious than ever.jeongguk let his eyes drag all the way down yoongi’s sitting form before he pulled them back up to the elders face. yoongi has his bottom lip between his teeth and he felt jeongguk’s eyes single in on that one movement.“so, uh, what do my legs look like?” jeongguk asked, his eyes finding yoongi’s own once again.“w-what do you mean?” yoongi replied, trying his very best to avert his eyes from jeongguk’s stupid-ass plump-ass motherfucking bottom lip.“you started to say that my legs looked like something, what was it?”
this was it. this was where jeon jeongguk was finally going to turn min yoongi into the blubbering mess that he’d always secretly been.
yoongi mumbled his reply, quiet enough so jeongguk couldn’t actually hear what he said but jeongguk was never the type to give up on a challenge.“what was that, yoongi?” he asked, bringing his hand forward to rest it on yoongi’s bicep.the action made his shirt ride up even further and yoongi dropped his eyes down to where the waistband of the fishnets was sitting ever so pretty around jeongguk’s waist. yoongi’s oral fixation thanked him profusely for looking at such a dainty and unmarked site.“it was meat, alright! i said your legs looked like meat,” yoongi confessed, feeling far too hot under jeongguk’s steady gaze.he didn’t need to look up at the younger’s face to know what kind of expression was donning his face: shock, disgust, repulsion, the list goes on.“really?”the word was so quietly spoken that yoongi almost missed it but his affinity for jeongguk’s voice made sure that everything that was uttered by the younger was heard by yoongi.yoongi looked up at that point and saw that it was a shocked look upon jeongguk’s face but his widened eyes weren’t joined by furrowed brows or downturned lips, in fact, his eyebrows were raised and his lips were pouting in a small smile.“uh, yeah?”yoongi’s affirmation made jeongguk’s smile widen and the younger dragged his hand down from where it was on yoongi’s bicep until it was wrapped around the elder’s own hand. he used this grip on yoongi’s hand to pull the elder up from the bench.“you wanna come and find out what my legs are really like?” jeongguk whispered into yoongi’s ear, dropping his head down so he could bite his ear lobe once he’d finished talking.yoongi’s breath hitched because what the fuck, holy shit, is this really happening? he nodded quickly and allowed him to be pulled behind jeongguk after grabbing their bags from the table.♡ ♡ ♡they’d barely managed to get through the door of jeongguk’s dorm room before the latter had yoongi pinned up against the wall, hands above his head via jeongguk’s single hand wrapped around both of his dainty wrists and jeongguk’s other hand wrapped around his hip, keeping him against the wall.yoongi wanted to surge forward and kiss the ever loving fuck out of jeongguk but with his hands pinned above his head there wasn’t much he could do, except of course-“i like you.”cue the dropping of his hands from where they’d been pinned, the removal of the hand from his waist and jeongguk taking a step back, his eyes even wider than before.“what?”yoongi wanted to laugh at the spaced out expression on jeongguk’s face but he knew that it really wasn’t the time nor the place so he decided to just keep talking instead.“i like you, a lot. i don’t know what you want from this or what this even is. i just, i don’t know, before we do anything i wanted you to know that and it doesn’t have to change anything if you don’t like me back so don’t worry, if you just want me to like, suck your dick or something i’ll happily do tha-”cue jeongguk’s lips on yoongi’s.jeongguk cut yoongi off and pushed him back against the wall, this time with a leg between yoongi’s own and jeongguk’s hands on either side of his face. their lips worked together roughly yet smoothly, with the odd biting of the lower lip and minor groan when that happened.jeongguk moved away from the kiss but kept their faces close, looking straight at yoongi with so much fond in his eyes, yoongi was worried he might collapse right on the spot.“you fucking idiot. why did it take me in a pair of fucking fishnet tights for you to fucking confess, you fucking moron.”jeongguk reattached his lips to yoongi’s own, swiping his tongue out in pure desperation to bring their mouths even closer but yoongi tilted his head away.“what the fuck do you mean, calling me a fucking idiot?”a grin found it’s way onto jeongguk’s face.“it means i like you too, you fucking idiot.”
oh.

oh my fucking god.
this time when jeongguk reattached their lips, yoongi put all of his fight into kissing back. he brought his hands down to jeongguk’s waist, feeling the bare skin above the waistband of the tights, and gripped hard, bringing the younger as close as possible to his body.yoongi could feel jeongguk’s growing hardness against his hip and let his hands travel down from where they’d been grabbing his waist, to around his ass. he cupped both of jeongguk’s cheeks and pulled the younger’s crotch against his own, so jeongguk could feel how equally as hard he was.the two kissed and grinded against each other for what felt like hours, running their hands up and down their bodies; yoongi tending to focus his hands on jeongguk’s waist and ass and jeongguk wrapping his own hands into yoongi’s hair, discovering that the smallest of tugs would make the elder let out a very pretty moan.however, as pleasant as this was, jeongguk wasn’t the most patient of men.“yoongi, yoongi fuck, fuck hang on,” jeongguk whined, moving his mouth away from yoongi’s own.yoongi stopped immediately and his wandering hands became still, finding purchase on jeongguk’s waist, fingers resting slightly below the fabric.(although, he didn’t have any intention of taking the fishnets off jeongguk any time soon.)“what’s wrong? are you okay? is this too much?” yoongi questioned, bringing a hand up to curl around jeongguk’s cheek, brushing the hair away from his forehead that’d drooped into his eyes.jeongguk smiled warmly and brought one of his hands up to rest atop of yoongi’s.“god no, this is more than fine, i promise,” jeongguk answered, ducking his head down and suddenly finding great interest in yoongi’s shoes. “it’s just…”yoongi waited for the younger to continue, not wanting to push him.“i really wanna suck you off.”wait, what.yoongi’s eyes widened and the grin on jeongguk’s face grew. he withdrew his hand from where it was on top of yoongi’s and slowly moved it down the latter’s body until it was resting on top of his belt buckle.jeongguk began fiddling with the belt and looked up at yoongi, his bottom lip drawn between his teeth.“is that alright, baby?”and well, who was yoongi to say no to that?he brought their lips together again quickly before watching jeongguk sink to his knees in front of him. yoongi leant back against the wall and pushed his hips out slightly so jeongguk could drag his jeans down over his ass. yoongi made a quick note to slip his shoes off and kick them to the side and then jeongguk pulled his jeans fully off his legs, so he was left in just his briefs and a t-shirt.jeongguk moved forward and mouthed at the outline of yoongi’s cock in his briefs, focusing his tongue on the little wet patch that’d formed from the pre-cum already leaking from yoongi’s cock.yoongi looked down at the other and found jeongguk’s eyes staring back at him, right as he reached into his briefs and pulled yoongi’s cock out.there was a hungry look in jeongguk’s eyes and yoongi outwardly moaned at it. jeongguk wasted no time in acting upon how he felt as he leaned forward and took yoongi’s cock straight into his mouth. there was no teasing licks or kisses, jeongguk purely engulfed as much of yoongi’s cock as he could and started bobbing his head like it was his fucking job and boy, was he good at it.yoongi’s head tipped back against the wall and with every movement of jeongguk’s mouth over his cock he let out more and more noises, be it whines or moans. he wrapped his hand in jeongguk’s hair and jeongguk’s mouth went slack, letting yoongi move his cock in and out of his mouth as he pleased.yoongi let out a half-hearted chuckle at the sight; jeongguk down on his knees in front of him, the rips of his jeans showing his muscles bulging underneath the dainty fabric of the beloved fishnets, his tongue flat out and underneath the bottom of yoongi’s cock.“what’re you waiting for, babe? you don’t like me enough to fuck my face?” jeongguk said, looking up at yoongi, his voice having taken a pleading tone.yoongi wanted nothing more than to let his head fall back against the wall again but he could tell that jeongguk wanted to play a game and he sure as hell wasn’t going to let the younger win this time.“oh i like you plenty enough, baby boy.”and that time, it was jeongguk’s eyes that widened.his entire confident and teasing demeanour dropped and his pushed himself up further on his knees, trying to get yoongi’s cock further into his mouth.yoongi tightened his grip in jeongguk’s hair and pulled the younger’s mouth away.“none of that, baby. we’re gunna play by my rules, okay?”jeongguk nodded and opened his mouth again and this time, yoongi followed through.he pushed jeongguk’s mouth onto his cock, only about half way. he let jeongguk get comfortable first and then he pulled his head back and pushed it straight back in again, much further than half way. he could feel his cock hitting the back of jeongguk’s throat and that, with the added pressure of the warmth and wetness of his mouth made yoongi come closer to the edge faster than ever before.he fucked jeongguk’s mouth with vigor and relished in the way that jeongguk firmly kepy his eyes locked onto yoongi’s own, as if they were sending messages between them. but they didn’t need messages to be transported via their eyes because it seemed that both of them enjoyed dirty talk.a lot.
please fuck my mouth harder.

are you sure, baby?

i’m sure, i’m sure, please just use me.

use you like a random slut?

yes, yes, god, yes fucking please.

i’m not sure if you can take it, baby boy.

no, no i can take it i swear, i’ll take anything you give me. 

if you say so, gorgeous.
yoongi took jeongguk’s word for it, knowing that the younger wouldn’t ask him to do something without knowing for sure if he wanted it or not. and so, he fucked jeongguk’s mouth, hard.he fucked his mouth until there were tears coming from his eyes and drool spilling from every corner of his mouth.yoongi took his free hand and wrapped it around the base of his cock, so he could jack off what couldn’t go in jeongguk’s mouth.he whined and moaned, unable to stop himself from doing so because jeongguk’s mouth felt so fucking good and he’d always been a vocal person in bed (or against the wall).
baby i’m gunna cum, are you gunna swallow it all like a good boy?
jeongguk nodded around yoongi’s cock and wrapped his lips around it properly, taking charge of the action and moving at his own pace again. he bobbed his head furiously and within minute, yoongi was coming down jeongguk’s throat, moaning out various profanities and variations of “fuck, you’re so fucking good,” and “look at you, my good boy, my baby boy,”.and true to his word, jeongguk swallowed it all.yoongi brought his hand around from the top of jeongguk’s head and used it to wipe away stray bits of drool and the odd tear that was falling down jeongguk’s face. he pushed the younger’s sweaty hair back and dropped down onto his own knees, leaning forward to place a gentle kiss on jeongguk’s forehead.“you did so well, didn’t you?”jeongguk preened and nodded, before his face scrunched up and yoongi looked down to see jeongguk palming at his own cock, through the fabric of his jeans.“oh no baby, let me take care of that.”jeongguk couldn’t find it within himself to argue and let himself be pushed back so he lay on the floor on his back, yoongi hovering above him, face in line with his stomach.yoongi brought a hand up and made quick work of undoing jeongguk’s jeans and pushing them down only to find-“you’re not wearing any fucking underwear?”jeongguk had the decency to blush further and turned his head to hide it in the crook of his arm. yoongi reached up and grabbed his chin, forcing jeongguk to look at him.“you really like these tights don’t you? you like how they feel against your cock?” yoongi growled, mouthing over jeongguk’s bare cock underneath the tights. the holes in the fabric made it easy for his tongue to sneak through and lap at the slit in jeongguk’s cock which was oozing with pre-cum, just like how yoongi’s had.jeongguk letting out a whine in response and writhed against yoongi’s hands and mouth, bucking his hips up but finding little release because yoongi kept him firmly against the floor.yoongi licked all over jeongguk’s cock through the tights, getting his mouth over whatever was possible and the sounds falling from jeongguk’s mouth were doing nothing but encouraging him.however, he was just as impatient as jeongguk.he moved his hands up and slipped them underneath the waistband of the tights, pulling the fabric down and over his hips, finally letting his cock spring free.yoongi wasted no time in putting his mouth on jeongguk’s cock, sans the tights. but, unlike jeongguk, he wanted to push his luck and tease the younger.he gave the head of jeongguk’s cock a few licks, dipping his tongue into the slit and gathering the pre-cum on his tongue before spreading it down the length of his cock.
god, fuck, please yoongi, please just like that. 

be patient baby boy.
yoongi enveloped jeongguk’s cock with his mouth and the younger bucked his hips up, making yoongi choke and earning himself a slap on the thigh. jeongguk let out a sharp gasp at the slap and bucked his hips up further.
oh you like that, baby? you want me to hit you?

fuck, fuck yeah please yoongi.

not today sweetheart, today i want you to come from my mouth and my mouth only, think you can do that?

oh shit yeah, ‘course i fucking can, c’mo-
yoongi dropped his jaw and sunk down jeongguk’s cock until his nose was against jeongguk’s skin.it was safe to say that jeongguk didn’t finish what he was saying.yoongi bobbed his head and made sure that he tongue was constantly covering the underneath of jeongguk’s hard cock. the warmth of his mouth made jeongguk feel like he was going fucking insane and if the grip in yoongi’s hair was anything to go by, it was the good kind of insane.
please make me come, please yoongi, fucking hell just like that, oh my go- yeah, yeah fuc-
yoongi pulled off just before jeongguk came, wrapping his hand around jeongguk’s cock and letting the younger come all over his stomach, where there were faint red indentations from where the tights had been resting on his waist.jeongguk’s hand in yoongi’s hair went slack and yoongi used the freedom to crawl up jeongguk’s body slightly so that he could lap up the younger’s cum.“are you fucking kidding me?” jeongguk groaned, looking down at the mess than yoongi was lapping up. yoongi merely smirked and moved all the way up jeongguk’s body where he opened jeongguk’s mouth and let the mixture of his spit and jeongguk’s own cum, fall into the youngers mouth. jeongguk swallowed dutifully and yoongi grinned, pressing his mouth down against the youngers, letting their bodies fall together as well.they made out slowly for god knows how long until yoongi pulled away and rolled off from on top of jeongguk, falling to the side of him on the floor.“so, this is a thing,” jeongguk said, his voice kind of worn and tired.“this is definitely a thing,” yoongi answered affirmatively, before adding, “baby boy.”jeongguk groaned and rolled over so his back was facing yoongi and yoongi laughed and rolled over too, so that he could place an arm over jeongguk’s waist, where it unsurprisingly, fit perfectly.♡ ♡ ♡ 
min yoongi 19:17

hey man

might seem a bit weird but 

i just wanted to thank you for making jeongguk wear those fishnet tights

kim yugyeom 19:21

ah hey yoongi

trust me it’s not the weirdest thing anyones ever text me

but you should know

i didn’t make jeongguk wear the fishnets

idk what he’s told you but 

those were his idea

literally as soon as he saw them he grabbed them and walked out the room

i just left the guy to it y’know

min yoongi 19:44

bro are you serious 

kim yugyeom 19:45

yeah man 

why???????????

min yoongi 19:54

oh

no reason

thanks for the info :) 




Afterword


End Notes

twitter
 note: i'd like to believe that upon yoongi finding out the tights were jeongguk's choice, he went out and bought him multiple pairs, in various colours, but ending up ripping all of them from getting too excited to fuck jeongguk in his precious fishnets. that is all.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



