



He Films the Clouds Pt 1 - TomorrowTakesForever - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

He Films the Clouds Pt. 1
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15485085.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jung Hoseok | J-Hope/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
vhope - Freeform, Top Kim Taehyung | V, Bottom Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Camboy Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Alternate Universe - Office, Smut, Both explicit and mentioned sex, Dom/sub Undertones, Jealousy, Taehyung is whipped, Hoseok is too, Praise Kink, and other kinks because I just went with it, the camboy au we all needed, Dom Kim Taehyung | V, Sub Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-30
        Words: 16978
      

He Films the Clouds Pt. 1
by TomorrowTakesForever
Summary
He bit his lower lip in complete annoyance. Hoseok stared back at him and Taehyung hummed. “Were you imagining it was me?” Taehyung asked instead, hovering closer to him. “I touched myself that night. I came to your voice and body. And I was imagining it was you who touched me. So is that why? Did you picture myself fucking you, Hoseok?”
Notes
Honestly this is pretty self-explanatory. I've never seen Camboy!Hoseok (or I have but the story was never completed) so I did this. Anyway, I've done this for the lack of vhope which I suffer for. At this time of the year I was hoping I'd be done with four new vhope fics but my motivation is below zero, so here we are...Just a little, tiny bit of angst because it's not my fic if there's no angst. You know me.My Twitter if you wanna talk about bottom!hoseok or vhope!

          See the end of the work for more notes




He Films the Clouds Pt. 1

The stack of papers on Taehyung’s desk seemed to get higher every time he looked back at them. As far as it went, Taehyung tried to remain calm. His numb fingers held tightly on to the blue pen, resting heavily against his fingertips. He  almost  sighed; the air in his lungs was more suffocating than relieving, but there was little he could do at this point of the day.Taehyung rarely got the urge to leave his office, but his legs were getting cramped and there were still about four hours left to get his heavy ass back home. In reality, he’d gotten well-aware of daydreaming (or maybe he’d fallen asleep with his eyes open) when his laptop’s screen went pitch black and his reflection stared back at him with tediousness. He sighed to himself tiredly and counted until ten to keep himself together. Just when he was reaching number seven, the wooden door made a harsh noise as it was opened. Taehyung's gaze lingered on the man— tall and seemingly exhausted like himself and— his  boss  to be exact. “Kim, I’m glad you’re here.” The man attempted a half-real, half-artificial smile at the sight of him. Probably a smile that pitied him because he had a new stack of papers with him. “I have a few more papers due next week. How’s the progress of this week?” “Ah, I’m almost done, sir.” He lied, all wide eyes. “I can go to your office later to give you the rest of the papers.”“Sure.” He nodded, placing the new ones on a free spot on the table. “You look pale today. Are you okay?” “Just very tired. That's all.” The man warily eyed Taehyung once more. “We got the coffee maker fixed if you wanna get some.” And who was Taehyung to say no? Once the older man had left his office, he'd gotten up from his seat in a heartbeat. His legs were already cramped from sitting for too long and all he wanted at the moment was some time out. So off he went to the fourth floor, looking at his reflection on the elevator’s mirror. He looked weary but—  unfairly  so didn't look like shit even after sleeping barely three hours. Didn't he always look  decent? He was used to hearing quite a big handful of compliments, but in between everything, Taehyung was moody recently, and he may or may not blame it on the fact that he hadn't had sex in four months.The doors of the elevator abruptly opened and he was out of his thoughts as soon as they came.Taehyung opened the door to the lounge with unintended strength. He heard a soft gasp and hands clustered against chest when he noticed the other man inside the room. “Good morning.” The man whispered, turning around with the same quickness as before. Taehyung slightly frowned, voice low but clear when he replied. “Morning.” Hurriedly, he wandered off to where the coffee machine was. This time it was clean; not a single trail of dust to the contrary of all the past weeks. It was broken a few months ago and naturally Taehyung was dispirited for a week. “Excuse me,” the voice was unknown yet familiar, “do you know where the cups are?” Taehyung turned around and when their eyes met, he couldn't quite catch where he'd seen this man before. The man had a white tag clipped on his blue shirt’s breast pocket, resembling that he was a new worker in trial. It had a red sharpie scribble of what read: “Hi! My name is Jung Hoseok,” and Taehyung was reminded of his tag four years ago. It was similar, but the handwriting a little less messy;  hopefully.  He nodded, eyes focused. “The cups are in the drawer over there,” Taehyung didn’t look away once. Not even as he pointed to the other side of the room. “There’s sugar and spoons too.” “Right, thank you.” Taehyung frowned to himself. His coffee was ready but his feet were rooted to the ground under his shoes. He stole a glance at the man again—  Jung Hoseok.  His eyes only seemed to get darker the longer he thought about it. He couldn't name or place it, and that thought itself angered him. He had a pretty damn good memory; he remembered most (if not all) of his friends back from pre-school. Yet his senses were clogged because:  where was this man from? His eyes stared at the man in question again and he couldn't help it. “Sorry, have we seen each other before?” Taehyung couldn’t resist the question. He didn’t exactly feel embarrassed for asking either, but to the contrary, Hoseok who stood in front of him, looked a little flustered. Or maybe Taehyung was over-analyzing small details; he couldn’t exactly tell with all this weird questions in his brain. “I don't think so.” Hoseok was quick to respond. He looked quite hesitant and nervous; perhaps a little too jumpy. “I'm new here.” “Are you sure?” Taehyung knitted his brows together. “Maybe I got you mixed up with someone else.”“Probably. Because it's my first day here.” Taehyung nodded then. The three hour sleep from earlier was probably messing up with his head. He felt very sorry for himself.   Before Taehyung could think about all the papers due in the next couple days, he gave a last look at Hoseok. He'd already been looking at him so that made Taehyung inwardly smile to himself. (He'd be lying to himself if he didn't offhandedly admit that Jung Hoseok was very,  very  pretty.) Hoseok looked a little wary but opened his mouth again after a moment. “Can I ask you something?” His eyes lowered to the coffee in his hands. “Is it too obvious that I'm new? I’m really trying hard but I'm lost as hell and I don't… want to risk the job.” That managed to earn a smile from Taehyung. The first (and probably last) for today. “I bet you're doing fine. I nearly quit the first day I got here but it’s been four years for me now, if it helps. It might be obvious you're new because of the  tag .” He points at his nametag, suppressing the small laugh that threatens when Hoseok shrinks into himself.“You're right,” Hoseok sighed but only ended up laughing to himself after a brief second, “stupid question, wasn't it?” “Not at all,” He shook his head slightly, scratching the back of his neck. “I wish we could talk some more, but someone's gonna kick my ass if I don't get back to work.”“Of course, thank you again.” When he walked up the stairs to his office’s floor (because he was feeling oddly energetic; without having sipped any of his coffee yet) he realized he hadn't told Jung Hoseok his name.
—
Taehyung finished all of his paperwork at four in the morning exactly one week later. He saw Jung Hoseok in the company a few more times; scattered all around the building until he learned that he'd been hired as his boss’s secretary.They exchanged a few words every once in a while. Mostly greetings and Taehyung still felt that weigh in his stomach everytime he looked over at him. He saw him before,  fuck, he was  sure  of it.“How about we get some drinks tonight? It's the end of the month and we're all paperwork-free.” Taehyung didn't pay much attention to his co-workers until that phrase was said. He looked around and settled on Jimin, the responsible for the suggestion. A few people seemed to disagree, however. “How about tomorrow instead?” “Yeah, make it tomorrow and I’m free.” “Who can’t make it tonight? Can you make it, Hoseok?” That seemed to catch Taehyung’s attention, after all. His chopsticks stopped midway to look at Hoseok properly with hidden anticipation. Hoseok looked troubled, to say the least. “Oh, sorry. I really can't tonight. I'll be busy.” Taehyung wasn't sure of why that struck something inside him. He wondered if Hoseok had a date tonight and the thought was enough fuel to the fire inside his head. Maybe Taehyung needed to go out and find a date for himself, too. His heart and body wanted all kinds of warmth and he knew he'd start losing his mind sooner or later. And that's when Taehyung blocked the rest of the conversation. There would be no mutual agreement whatsoever and so he was proven right when Minhyun to his left murmured, “Maybe next time, Jiminie.”Truthfully, Taehyung was glad there were no plans tonight. His bones rattled beneath his skin from exhaustion; how much longer did he have to sacrifice himself? His work paid fantastically, but the effort had to be twice the price of it.He parked his car in the garage with a heavy grunt. It was already too early to be dark and that was only more apparent as winter was just around the corner. At least this month’s paperwork was done. Taehyung could go upstairs and roll on his bed for the next nine hours if he wished. The familiar barking filled the empty-souled house as soon as he set a foot inside and Taehyung outwardly beamed. The first thing he did was greet Yeontan; two messes on the floor for some good ten minutes. Taehyung then looked around the house and wondered if it was too big for him and one dog. And it wasn’t a big dog either.He had his parents over a few months ago and they were surprised about the house, too. He’d gotten it with his hard work and dedication but his parents looked quite shocked and asked, “isn’t it too big?” and Taehyung didn’t know what to reply. Because yeah, it  was  lonely sometimes, but he didn’t want his parents to know that.Taehyung walked upstairs to his room, his shadow Yeontan following behind in graceful steps. Turning his laptop on and getting today’s work clothes off, he looked around. There were still a couple of buttons left to take his white shirt off but Taehyung stopped for a minute. His lips were dry from biting down onto them for the last few hours at work because he’d been unable to brush some thoughts out of his head. Taehyung closed the door to his room, well-aware and thankful that his dog left the room a moment ago. Jung Hoseok became a daily thought in his mind for the last few days. When the man laughed or spoke, Taehyung wandered off into his thoughts to ask himself where he’d heard him before. His reflection stared back at him and Taehyung frowned. He dragged his legs back to bed with a sole thought in his brain. His shirt was still halfway unbuttoned but Taehyung was quickly typing into the search bar with urgency. Clicking on the first website that popped because he was here before. In fact, he frequently stopped here until work was overbearing and he had little time for himself. There were flashy titles; thumbnails of pretty faces or simply asses and boobs. Taehyung clicked to the right, the button to sign in, mildly ashamed of himself because he already had an account. After a couple attempts of remembering his username and password, he finally exhaled in relief when the homepage changed completely. There were camboy shows and a few advertisements for gay porn on the left of the screen, popping up with lewd titles to lure viewers in. His subscription box had a few notifications and Taehyung skimmed through them, eyeing carefully. And that’s exactly when his eye caught it. His eyes blinked in anticipation and fear because  this  was it. Whether Taehyung’s intuition had been correct or not the longer he looked at Hoseok across from the table, he could finally find out now; and so he clicked on the link of the notification, taking him into a different page. He cursed the current slow wi-fi under his breath.“BabySeokie is going live!” The notification was from twelve minutes ago when he clicked.The thumbnail nearly made his heart stop at the proven realization. Eyes wide and mouth agape, Taehyung didn’t look away once from the laptop’s screen.He nearly slammed the laptop shut when his eyes landed on the face that had been haunting him every minute of every day. “Jung… Hoseok ?” It felt like a bucket of frozen water hitting him on the face the further he stared at him on the screen. “What the actual fuck!” Taehyung gasped, scandalized. “I also thought it was pretty cool,”  Hoseok laughed and  fuck,  Taehyung choked with his own saliva, “plus I’m too shy to go to sex shops anyways, so thank you so much for sending your gifts.” Taehyung stared at the screen, unflinching. Maybe he stopped breathing too. “I see there’s a couple new viewers, so welcome!” His smile was captivating enough and so it proved to be as the chat filled with comments and donations.Hoseok shifted his position with a small smile. He conversed with his viewers as if he didn’t hold a vibrator in his hands and teased everyone out of their goddamn minds. Taehyung blinked, watching Hoseok’s every move. “Isn’t this too big?”  Hoseok panted, red cheeks flushed, “I’m starting to think it’ll be too big.”  osgxoh:    you can take it  paradisebb   : you’re gonna love that   mychh:    you’re so pretty…   “Alright, I can take it,”  Hoseok nodded with teary eyes, “I’ll take it so well, I promise.” There were shivers going down Taehyung’s spine the further Hoseok fucked himself with the toy. His little whimpers and quiet moans managed to drive Taehyung over the unknown edge. His right hand started to palm himself over his pants as he watched. Somewhere in his rational mind he couldn't quite grasp what was happening at the moment. His hand trembled and stopped when Hoseok stared directly into the web camera. Hoseok’s moans grew louder after a couple more minutes of thrusting the toy in and out. His left hand lazily touched his cock even despite the comments ordering him to come untouched. The man didn’t seem to read them, Taehyung noted from how he closed his eyes from the growing pleasure. Taehyung also didn't realize he was already leaking until his hand touched the wet stain on his brief’s fabric. He swallowed the lump in his throat, allowing a jittery gasp to fill his bedroom. “I'm so close,”  The artificial sounds of coins filled the chatroom as people kept tipping Hoseok, and Taehyung found it in himself to frown for a split second, “Ah, I'm…”  When Hoseok came, Taehyung seemed to fully realize what was going on. The younger harshly bit his lip and came himself, quietly and not too effectively with all the layers of clothing and the utter discomfort that came with it.  “That was so great.”  Hoseok was a mess and Taehyung had to momentarily look away in case he got riled up over again. “Did I fuck myself well? It was kind of hard. It'd be easier if someone helped me.”  People commented some things Taehyung would hopefully forget tomorrow morning and he wondered if Hoseok ever felt uncomfortable as well.  “Today’s stream is gonna be short, everyone. I have some work to do. But thanks for watching and tipping, babes,”  Hoseok looked disheveled. Out of it, completely. “Tune in on Monday. I love you all.”  Even when the stream had ended, Taehyung found himself absurdly watching the empty screen. His breathing was louder than he'd properly realized and so he decided to close the laptop for his own good. He saw Hoseok before. Taehyung watched a few ( a lot ) of his shows months ago and he felt very stupid for being unable to point it out for all these eternal coming days. He started to suspect today after lunch, though. And although he felt guilty for mentally cataloging a co-worker of his as a camboy just a few hours ago, he didn't feel so ashamed now.But how the hell was he going to face Hoseok on Monday at work? His barely-existent filter seemed to already know the answer to that, really. One of his hands ran down his hair with an unbeaten sigh; he briefly eyed himself and got up from his spot in the bed immediately. Because he  really  needed a fucking shower.
— Taehyung got early to work the following Monday. He tried smoothing the red tie against his chest, watching his own reflection in the mirror. He already held a styrofoam cup with coffee in one hand while the other remained inside his pocket. It was almost amusing how he came across Hoseok right before turning towards his office. The older man smiled his way and bowed slightly. “Good morning, Taehyung-ah.” His response was a similar bow but a completely different feeling coming from him when he met Hoseok's yes and whispered:“Morning, BabySeokie.”  The shock and disbelief was there altogether when Hoseok choked with air. He looked at Taehyung with wide eyes, bewildered and most likely scared. “Sorry?” Hoseok breathed out, “What… did you— say?”“I know who you are.” Taehyung was even more quiet this time. “I've always known deep inside but I never realized whom I had in front.” “You — what? What are you saying?”  Taehyung didn't seem bothered to repeat it again at all. Wasn't it torture for Hoseok, though? “I know who you are.” He looked more serious and Hoseok seemed to lose all the wonderful colors from his face. “You’re Babyseokie, aren’t you?”  The man was frozen in place to say the least. Even though Taehyung couldn't read minds, he had an idea of all the thoughts running inside Hoseok's head. “Oh. I… oh  fuck…”  Taehyung’s lips quirked upwards slightly.“You…  Shit… You’re not gonna tell our  boss, are you? I really don’t want to get fired,  please.”  Well that wasn't what he expected. He hid the disappointment and shook his head instead. “I wouldn't. I guess I can keep the secret.” What he really meant however, is that he  would  keep the secret because he didn't stand for the idea of anyone in this company finding his videos. Taehyung despised the idea for some reason.“I… Thank you.” Taehyung blinked. None of this was going the way he wished for it to go, so he sighed. His gaze softened. “You're— uh…” His voice cracked. “You’re… prettier in person, you know?” Hoseok choked at Taehyung's words once again. “I-I’m… ah— what, really?”“Really.” The other man flushed scarlet, quite hesitant but finally delivering his own pair of provocative words in return. “Well, I… never thought my viewers were this hot, honestly.” Taehyung proudly smiled at that.“Means a lot coming from such a pretty mouth like yours.”Hoseok raised his eyebrows, shocked, and looked around himself in a frantic way that showed how nervous he was. “Okay, I-I have—  work to do now?” Hoseok looked heavily conflicted. “I- I’ll see you around, Taehyung-ah.”Taehyung watched Hoseok take the stairs instead of the elevator and he quietly laughed to himself. His eyes crinkled and he shook his head, walking towards his office and closing the door silently behind him. It had become a normal occurrence for him to cross paths with Hoseok before lunch, yet it seemed that today wasn't the case. He looked at the time in his phone and walked to the cafeteria by himself. Hoseok wasn't there either, both surprising and confusing him. It was clear as day that Hoseok was avoiding him, but Taehyung didn't really blame him. He'd been a little too much with his choice of words and maybe Hoseok despised him now. Frowning, he sat down next to one of his friends, Seokjin, who nodded in his general direction when he saw him. He didn't feel like talking much today, so he settled on listening to his friends talk and dozing off into space for most of the part. Excusing himself under his breath, Taehyung wiped his hands on a napkin and shortly after left the cafeteria. He reached for his shirt’s breast pocket with shaky fingers and pulled the sole cigarette he usually had in there in case he had the urge to smoke after a long day. He walked through the stairway and opened the door to the rooftop once he reached it. The cigarette was firm in his hands and so he feared destroying it if he didn't light it up now.“I didn't know you smoked.” Taehyung turned around when he heard the voice. For a split second there was relief in his face when he realized that Hoseok wasn't mad at him. “Mind keeping my secret? We can't smoke here. Plus I'm keeping one of your secrets all to myself.” Hoseok smiled at him knowingly and flipped him off. “You're an asshole.” He exhaled with a laugh. Taehyung silently agreed with a nod and a grin. “Taehyung-ah.” He started with uneasiness. His eyes didn't settle on his even though Taehyung tried to catch his gaze. “After what you found… Let's not be uncomfortable with each other, okay?” But that seemed to tick him off, somehow. There was a frown spreading on his face very quickly. “But I'm not uncomfortable. I'm really not.” There was still something in Hoseok's eyes that showed that he didn't believe him. Taehyung walked closer to him and looked at him in the eyes with boldness. “I've literally watched you, Hoseok. I think I should be more ashamed than you but I'm really not.” Hoseok remained silent and surprised for a minute; he almost smiled. “Alright.” Taehyung returned the smile with much more determination and energy. His face changed a little when he looked at him again. “You got quite flustered earlier.” Taehyung commented. “Did I make you nervous?” Hoseok stared at him for a few seconds in dismay. “First of all, I didn’t think you’d be so…  upfront  about knowing who I was.”  That earned a laugh that said more than words. “Oh, yeah. I'm really sorry if that made you uncomfortable.” His eyes softened. “I’ve just. I’ve never met someone who  knew  who I was, you know? So I didn’t know how to react.”  “I’m pretty surprised, though. You’re one of the few people in that site who go all in. You don’t really cover yourself.” Hoseok unconsciously tilted his head in confusion. “What do you mean?” “Most people in that website cover their faces.” Taehyung hummed. “They wear masks,” his eyes focused on the shakiness of Hoseok’s lower lip, “but you don’t.” “Yeah, but what’s the point?” Hoseok shrugged and smiled shyly to himself. “I think I have a pretty face.” Taehyung was happy with the answer; his lips quirked upwards. “Yeah, you really do.” The smile he got in return made the fire in his chest light up. If only Hoseok knew; Taehyung licked his lips and opened his mouth to speak again when there was a sudden burn on his fingers. He abruptly dropped the burnt out cigarette and hissed under his breath. “That's why you shouldn't smoke.” Hoseok pointed out and Taehyung didn't miss the grin that came with it. “You're honestly the first person I've ever seen burn themselves like that with a cigarette.” “You distracted my smoking session. And I hardly even smoked. The last one I had and… it's wasted.” Hoseok flashed an extravagant smile and winked at him. “I'll gladly distract you again if it makes you burn your fingers and prevents you from burning your lungs.” Taehyung snorted and looked away, hiding his stupid smile. They both seemed to realize about the time and their whereabouts at the same time, given that there was a lingering silence none of them was brave enough to break. “I should probably head back to work,” Hoseok said as he balanced his hands from left to right in an awkwardly endearing way. Nodding in agreement, Taehyung exhaled quietly. Just as Hoseok turned around to leave and probably walk down the stairs, he turned once and held his breath. “By the way, Taehyung-ah,” he bit his lower lip and Taehyung didn't know if it was intentional or not, “I’ll make a stream tonight.” Hoseok's gaze shifted from the ground to his hands in a hurry. To finalize, he looked directly at Taehyung and something in his eyes changed. “Just in case you wanted to watch me.” —
 Taehyung's focus was out of it for the whole day thanks to those few words Hoseok had murmured before walking off; unbothered. They seemed to repeat themselves endlessly on a torturous loop. Taehyung nearly broke the steering wheel of his car with his bare hands on his way back home from how hard he gripped onto it.His routine was basically the same tonight. Played and fed Yeontan without getting side-tracked, and hurriedly walked up the stairs to his room, closing it right after. He checked the time about a trillion times as his laptop struggled to turn on and connect to the wifi. He scratched his neck and stared at the screen with desperation, typing the website and logging in into his account.While he waited, Taehyung took his shirt and pants off. His back muscles ached from sitting in the office for too long, and he would honestly be lying if he didn't admit he was looking forward to Hoseok’s stream tonight. More so because of Hoseok's words; inviting yet nervous. Taehyung  really  wanted to see Hoseok disheveled and wrecked like the other night as he fucked himself until he saw stars behind his eyelids. He looked so beautiful like that.“BabySeokie is going live!”  His heart pumped so heavily against his ribs that he feared for his health. Taehyung's eyes focused on the screen and he swallowed the lump in his throat when he clicked on the notification. Lips quivering, Taehyung blinked and Hoseok was there. So lovely and surprisingly, flustered already. “Hi everyone,” Hoseok smiled at the camera. His eyes glistened with the familiarity of these situations, watching the green numbers at the corner of the laptop’s screen grow in seconds. “I hope you all had a nice day. Today was a pretty tiring day for me.” Hoseok turned around, hands busy and unsteady with what seemed to be a bottle of lube. Taehyung couldn’t really tell because his eyes were all over Hoseok's flushed face. “Someone sent these to me two nights ago and it made me really happy.”  Hoseok’s laugh resonated briskly. He showed his new gifts— consisting of all kinds of flavored lubes in all colors and sizes— with an airy chuckle. “It was anonymous though, so I can’t really thank anyone specifically. But if whoever sent it is watching, I’ll be using one of them tonight, okay?”  7693jp2 :  you’re such a pretty baby  Hoseok's eyes lingered on the screen as he read a few comments quietly to himself; he smiled happily.  “Thank you.”  Taehyung was breathless. Everything about this was breathtaking and Hoseok didn't even  know  what he did to him.  “Alright.  So tonight I’m feeling quite greedy.”  Hoseok took a deep breath, wetting his lips.  “I really want to fuck myself with the biggest dildo I have…” His figure was out of the frame for a minute, where a few noises and drawers opening resonated instead of his honey voice when he talked to his viewers.  “Watch me well. Don’t look away.”   zhbabe   : take your clothes off baby  Taehyung's hands started getting sweaty. The shivers and goosebumps were always present when Hoseok looked through the camera or when he unconsciously bit his lower lip.  “Would you like that?”  Hoseok hummed.  “Let’s set a goal of 5,000 tokens before I strip for you guys. Is that fine? I’m looking forward to that.”  In the meantime, Hoseok talked and talked. He never grew bored and never ran out of ideas. In all honesty, it had Taehyung quite shaken. Because the fact that he spoke so casually and normally to all these people— as if they weren't all collectively here for a quick jerk off— threw Taehyung off. It was surprising to find such a relationship in between viewers and cammers, so Taehyung could only inwardly clap at Hoseok.Before reaching the goal, Hoseok started palming himself over the grey sweatpants he wore. Stuttering the couple words such as,  “praise me,” really set fire ablaze on Taehyung's heart and crotch. Hoseok's actions were soon mirrored by Taehyung and he didn't even feel an ounce of shame about it.   “Thank you all so much,”  Hoseok gasped and smiled so brightly when the goal was surpassed; Taehyung nearly tipped him thousands of tokens to see that smile again, “so should we start now?”  Taehyung fanned himself when the heat around him was unbearable. He exhaled loudly, breath labored the longer Hoseok took in taking his pants and underwear off. “Aren't you a pretty little thing?” Taehyung murmured to himself. As soon as Hoseok was naked and a bundle of glowing, golden skin, the money started incoming in triple digits. He kept teasing his entrance with skinny fingers, muttering words Taehyung had never once heard before. Not even in porn.“Fuck—! My fingers aren't enough,”  Hoseok's voice kept shaking unsteadily.  “I'm dying to get fucked.”  Taehyung slipped his right hand under his boxers and hissed louder than he intended. His eyes closed, picturing the noises and whimpers from his laptop way too vividly. Thinking it was Hoseok's hand instead of his whilst he pumped up and down; even if that was unrealistic considering Hoseok's hands were  tiny  compared to his.  Before he knew it, Hoseok already had the massive toy inside him. His lips opened and the moan that sinfully arose could've made Taehyung come just like that. “Fuck.” Hoseok whimpered helplessly, eyes fluttering open and closed with every vibration sent up his ass. “It’s… ah— it’s so big…”  Tears seemed to pool easily the deeper he thrusted; his right hand trembled at the same time a broken moan filled Taehyung’s laptop speakers. “Fuck! I can’t… I’m fuck… fucking close.”  The comment section filled with commands for him. Some anticipating while others wanted the man to last a little longer. It was mostly useless, considering how little attention Hoseok paid when all he could messily stammer was a tandem of pants and stifled whines. With shaky legs, Hoseok positioned himself in a better angle for his ass and fingers to show. His face was now hidden, buried into the blue mattress as his hand sped up.“I’m… Ah, fuck! I wanna… come so bad...” And before he could, his hand abruptly stopped as he shifted to stare directly into the camera. Taehyung felt himself on edge when his eyes met the glassy version of Hoseok’s on screen. The video quality wasn’t the best tonight, but Taehyung could still see the lip mole under the abundant saliva on Hoseok’s mouth. “Can I? Ah… fuck, can I- come?”  Taehyung felt so eerily connected— as if Hoseok could see or  hear  him when he moaned incoherently. As if this was a one on one stream, and  fuck  , Taehyung deeply wished it was, but the sudden noises of more comments flooding the little box on the screen and the rustling of coins—  tokens  given to Hoseok, was the needle that popped his hopeful bubble.“No.” Taehyung muffled under his breath. His shallow breathing was to no worthy comparison of Hoseok’s needy panting. “Please?” Hoseok moaned. Taehyung’s hand squeezed harder on his shaft, emitting a low noise from his throat.  And Hoseok looked more ethereal than ever. He gasped silently and closed his eyes for a moment before looking at the camera again and blinking timidly. He smiled, warm and heart-shaped.  “Taehyung-ah,”  his breathing jolted abruptly to a stop. The fingers carefully wrapped on his dick trembled and his heart started to shake with every second spent in dead silence from his bedroom, “Taehyung-ah, are you… watching me right now?” The dark lashes fluttered against his skin in shock; Taehyung was completely appalled.Gone. Taehyung was a  gone  man.With shaky fingers, he typed a response. The keys under his fingertips felt heavy when he pressed a confirmation, and Taehyung hoped Hoseok would read it. Although it felt unlikely because hundreds of phrases already littered the comment box. Still, Taehyung pressed enter and waited.  “I’m thinking… about what you said earlier.”  Hoseok swallowed the lump in his throat. “Am I pretty like this?”  Taehyung choked with moans and whimpers of his own. Hoseok was too much for him to handle and just  that  right now… Taehyung didn't think Hoseok calling his name could ignite him in such a way. “I'm close…”  And with that, he came.  Both  of them, actually. Hoseok breathed loudly against a white pillow and Taehyung covered his face with his left palm, trying to calm down.“Did I do a good job?.”  Taehyung hummed quietly to himself in agreement, although he remained still in his spot. Hoseok looked more spent, however, shaking his head when some people asked for a second round on the comments.“I'm tired, so maybe this Saturday?”  Taehyung stared at Hoseok, blinking tiredly. “I have work tomorrow, so I'll end the stream early.” And right before ending his broadcast, Hoseok looked at the camera with damp eyelashes and a soft smile. “Taehyung-ah, I hope you watched well.”  —
Taehyung tried to guess what Hoseok's demeanor would be the following morning. He wondered if he'd blush scarlet or simply avoid him after last night. Maybe both.He was busy doing some paperwork when his eyes started closing with exhaustion. It had been nearly impossible to sleep last night. The after-buzz was in his colored cheeks and his heart madly thundered all night because of a few words Hoseok had muttered halfway through his video. Coffee sounded better than getting fired that morning, so he got up with lazy and sore limbs. Taehyung nearly laughed this time now, finding it funny how quickly he found Hoseok on the way out of his office. He was talking to their boss and Taehyung looked at him with curiosity and something else in his eyes. Once Hoseok noticed Taehyung though, he shrinked in his place and looked at the ground while listening to their boss by the looks of it. And Taehyung wasn't going to be an asshole (yet) so he intended on passing by quietly and getting himself the coffee he needed.But as soon as his boss saw him he pointed at him. “Oh, Taehyung-ah!” He called and Taehyung had no choice but to walk towards them. He casually greeted Hoseok and looked at their boss again. “Did you finish your work? I need it by this afternoon.” “Almost done, sir.” Taehyung tried to smile. “That's great news,” He seemed a bit more relaxed now, “Hoseok-ah, I'll need you to get the contacts photocopied, then.” Hoseok nodded and looked like he was ready to blast as soon as he could— but he hesitated and softly murmured, “Sir, where is the photocopier?” The man didn't look too pleased with that and sighed softly. “I'll show you now, come with me.” “I can show him around for you, sir. I'm actually going to the second floor right now.”“Ah, thank you, Taehyung-ah.”Hoseok looked played and hurt. He turned his gaze at Taehyung and immediately looked away with a troubled and shaky sigh. Taehyung placed a firm hand on Hoseok's shoulder instead, and firmly uttered, “come on.” The ride on the elevator could've single-handedly counted as the most awkward moment in his life if it weren't for the fact that his middle school memories still existed. Kim Taehyung wasn't an awkward person generally, but he couldn't hide this one.“Lead the w-way.” Hoseok stammered, looking like he mentally beat himself for stuttering. Taehyung nodded and walked around the building with Hoseok following behind. Hoseok gripped the papers with his hands when they reached the room and looked around. The floor was mostly empty, save by the cubicle offices on the other side of the room, completely closed and unaware of them.Taehyung eyed the place and closed the door to the photocopy room behind him. He saw how Hoseok shivered and tried to busy himself with some papers. “Thank you, Taehyung-ah, I'm sure you can leave now—” But he was having absolutely none of that. Taehyung firmly held out his hands and placed them on Hoseok's arms, pinning him against the white wall. “—Hoseok .” Taehyung growled, excluding the formality with him. “Why did you do that last night?”  The man seemed both shocked and outraged. “What— are you gonna tell me you  didn't  enjoy it?”Scoffing, Taehyung's grip got harsher. “Oh, I  did, but I'm sure your other thousands of viewers didn't.”  “I don't care. And I'm sure you don't care about that either.”“You still didn't answer my question, though.” Taehyung stared at Hoseok with eagerness.But Hoseok tried getting away from it with an uncomfortable shift in his eyes. “I'm… I don't know.” He bit his lower lip in complete annoyance. Hoseok stared back at him and Taehyung hummed. “Were you imagining it was me?” Taehyung asked instead, hovering closer to him. “I touched myself that night. I came to your voice and body. And I was imagining it was you who touched me. So is that why? Did you picture myself fucking you, Hoseok?”Hoseok closed his eyes, a soft whine coming out of his lips. “Oh my God, Taehyung.” “Is that correct? Am I right?” He restrained himself from another shameful whimper. “Yes.” “Hm,” Taehyung raised his eyebrows, disbelief because he didn't think Hoseok would blatantly admit it that easily, “So you want that to happen?”“Do  you  want that to happen?”  Not the answer he expected, but Taehyung didn't back off from a question; he blinked and tilted his head to the side. “Honestly? You're tempting me, Hoseok.”“What would you do to me?” Hoseok asked, breathless.He dared to move closer and smile at him. “Anything you'd want me to do to you.” He lowered his hands and held Hoseok's bony hips. “I'd fuck you. Right here if you really wanted it.” “Tae— !”  “What? Suddenly shy?” Taehyung whispered. “Come on, look at me.”“What do you do to my videos,” Hoseok shifted his gaze and looked at the blue fabric of Taehyung's shirt, “Taehyung-ah?” “What do you think I do?” Taehyung smiled crookedly. “I pretend it’s me you’re begging for more. You know, you're so loud,  Seokie .” His hands lowered to dangerous territory, moving away everytime it seemed he'd touch him in the inner thighs. “You get so flustered all by yourself. You get so fucked up with comments, so it really makes me wonder how you get whenever it’s a real person praising you.”Hoseok gulped, a pleasant shiver making his body shake under his touch. “Taehyung, you’re making me so hard right now.”“Really?” The words satisfied him beyond worlds. Taehyung grinned when Hoseok's lips twitched. “Well, I actually need to get back to my pending work.” Hoseok appeared offended at the words; but before he could come up with an insult, Taehyung smiled prettily. “Come to my office in an hour.” His suggestion caught Hoseok's attention and he loved it. “It's isolated from the rest. We'll have privacy.”“I don't… I don't know where that is.” “You've seen me on my office, don't lie to me, hyung.” He caressed a hand on his left cheekbone. “Taehyung —” He fumbled with words and gasped.  “Save those for later.” Taehyung composed himself, moving away from Hoseok with an unclear gaze. “You're really something else, Seokie.” His gaze lingered another minute on Hoseok's mouth, and then ran his tongue down his own dry lips. With that, he closed the door behind him when he left. And apparently he didn't really need coffee anymore.
—
Taehyung appreciated punctuality, and more so when Hoseok knocked on the door one minute early. He got up from his chair, walking towards the door and letting Hoseok walk inside. Locking the door, he turned his attention back to Hoseok in an attempt of distracting his mind from his mad heart. “Why is your office so spacious?” He laughed softly because he didn't expect that to be the first thing to hear from Hoseok. He looked around the room and shrugged. “I've worked here for years. I get upgraded every time.” Hoseok nodded, understanding. He eyed Taehyung and hid a smile when he asked, “And is it sound-proof, too?” That earned another heartfelt laugh from him. “No. So you'll have to keep it down.”The air around Hoseok had changed somehow, and Taehyung liked it. It didn't feel like Hoseok was about to die of embarrassment every time they met eyes and instead looked quite feisty. Hoseok walked towards Taehyung, eyes trained on the tie around his neck. “Did you come this hot to work just to piss me off?” Taehyung chuckled airily in response but Hoseok frowned slightly.“Does it piss you off that I'm attractive?” “A lot.” Hoseok admitted easily. “You distract me a lot and it upsets me.” Taehyung exhaled heavily, unable to keep his eyes away from Hoseok's face. Especially his lips, taunting him. “You're hot yourself, Hoseok. You've managed to distract me from work and my daily life.” His hands settled on Hoseok's hips again; tracing the patterns he'd drawn earlier at the photocopy room.“Can I kiss you?”Hoseok recklessly nodded, and that was all they needed to push away all the uncertainty from the thick fog around them.When Taehyung pulled Hoseok in, they were both equally desperate with each other. Taehyung was a little bit harsher— biting and claiming every crease and rupture in his beautifully swollen lips.Even though he didn’t mean to be so rushed and bold, he couldn’t deny the pride he felt when Hoseok whined into his mouth. Taehyung had the upper-hand and he loved it; he loved the way his hands curled into the back of his buttoned shirt, gripping so hard into the material he feared he’d tear it apart.Taehyung pulled Hoseok’s hair aggressively, muttering an apology in between messy kisses because he was being too harsh. Hoseok shook his head and pushed him to the chair, panting near his ear. All the hair in his arms and legs tingled pleasantly as he looked at him. “You’re a great kisser,” Taehyung complimented out of breath, “what else are you good at?”Hoseok grinded against his leg, gasping, “You’d be surprised.” With little finesse, Taehyung gripped into Hoseok’s hips, moving him to sit properly and still on his lap. He kissed him again and again, all over until Hoseok was whining so loud he had to cover his mouth with his oversized hand.“You’re being too loud and I haven’t even properly touched you yet.” He said, slurring the syllables as he spoke on the golden skin of Hoseok’s neck. “What am I going to do with you?”“Touch me already.” Hoseok was begging now. His eyes pleaded and blinked on the brink of tears. “Touch me or I’m gonna come untouched.”Taehyung was momentarily blown away; no one had ever said something like that to him, and to know Hoseok was so turned on by him made him feel very powerful. His hands fumbled with Hoseok’s belt, undoing the button of his pants and breathing loudly all through it. “Just touching.”Hoseok only agreed because he was already leaking and a desperate mess for Taehyung’s disposition. His fingers played with the elastic of Hoseok’s briefs. The skin under it was burning and Taehyung smiled to himself, holding Hoseok’s dick suddenly, with no more teasing. “Fuck!” Hoseok whimpered. His lips quivered with every broken syllable of Taehyung's name.Taehyung stared at him, rubbing up and down, thumbing the slit with confidence; he swallowed thickly as Hoseok moaned and buried his face on Taehyung’s neck. “I wish I could fuck you.” “Me… too…” Hoseok spoke in between long breathes. Voice shaky and unsure with something hidden from Taehyung. “Ah, please.  Fuck .”  “What do you want?” Taehyung questioned, grinning.“Touch me. Keep…  yes—”  “Yes?”“Feels so good. Your hands…  ah — so big, Taehyung-ah.”  “You should see yourself.” Taehyung whispered, caressing Hoseok’s lower lip with his fingers. Tracing the outline of his mouth carefully. “You're so pretty. I can't believe how pretty you are.” “You've…” Hoseok opened his eyes, teary. “You've watched me… before, right?” “All the time.” “Tell me… what you did…” “I touched myself.” Taehyung grunted, shakily. “How…? Do it to me.” Taehyung moaned quietly into his hand. “Such words… shouldn't come from such a pretty mouth like yours.” Hoseok whimpered weakly. “Praise me,  please  ..: ”  “You're such a good boy for me.” He whispered, lips on his cheek, his ear, kissing his hair.“Yeah?”“Yeah.”“Am I… pretty?” “The prettiest.” Taehyung mouthed at Hoseok's neck, licked and sucked delicately in case someone saw his neck later. “The  prettiest , but just for me.”“Faster—”“Okay… yes.”“N-No…” He moaned. “More. Faster!”Taehyung continued stroking, glad that the other seemed close because his arm was ready to give up soon. He wondered momentarily whether he’d need to change arms just in case, but it didn’t look like it; Hoseok was so near Taehyung could  feel  it.Hoseok’s hips stuttered, legs shaking hard. “I’m—Taehyung … I’m gonna come…”“Look at me.” Hoseok obeyed and locked gazes with him, lips parting and holding back the moan that threatened to spill into thin air. Taehyung winced, the pain in his own crotch unbearable with little to no friction whatsoever. He came then, whispering incoherences on Taehyung’s clothed clavicle; Taehyung holding and using a tissue to keep themselves from getting even more messy with cum. His lips were wet when he leaned closer to kiss him on the mouth again. “Let me suck you off, Taehyung-ah.”But before either of them could move from their position, Hoseok’s phone went off, ringing loudly on Taehyung’s table.His heart jumped out from its place, speeding up as Hoseok answered the call with shaky fingers. “Hello?” His voice was groggy and Taehyung almost face palmed. “I left the papers on your office, sir.” “I’m on the seventh floor now, but I can come down if you need anything.” Taehyung smiled defeated to himself. Just what he needed. “Alright, sir.”Once the call ended, Hoseok looked at him genuinely apologetically. “I’m so sorry, Taehyung-ah. Director Kwak really needs me down there.” “You’re leaving me with blue balls, I can’t believe this,” Taehyung feigns indignation, “I guess you owe me then.”Hoseok didn’t mention the fact that he’d been blue balled the whole morning and alternatively nodded, holding his breath for Taehyung’s request. “Let's have dinner tomorrow.” Taehyung beamed characteristically. “I’m an amazing cook, for your information.”Of course, Hoseok hadn’t exactly pictured this at all, so he nodded satisfied. “Okay. Sounds like a date.” He mumbled playfully.Taehyung smiled happily in response. “It  is  a date.”Hoseok got down from Taehyung’s lap and smiled, shy. “I’ll leave now. I’m still very sorry about that.” He eyed Taehyung’s visible erection, earning a half-hearted guffaw. “I’ll have to think of ugly things to make it go away.” He joked, winking at Hoseok.The older got himself a reply and teased him further. “Don’t think too much about me, then. Or else you’ll be doomed for the rest of the day.”“Oh trust me, I’ll probably think about you  all  day, Hoseok.”The skin in his cheeks reddened as he walked towards the door, completely flustered. “I’ll think about you too, I guess.”“Sounds good.” Taehyung smiled at him. “Now get back to work.” He added, albeit fondly, eyes crinkling in an affectionate way he tried to hide when their eyes met again.
—
The next day had been a competition of who flustered the other further whenever they had the chance. Hoseok was extra touchy and Taehyung— well, Taehyung was always a mess and liked making comments that made Hoseok blush and look away.He made sure to remind Hoseok of their  date  later that night, and so they exchanged numbers in a flirty-awkward stance during their lunch break.  And so Taehyung looked around the kitchen, checking on the time and on the chicken cooking in the stove. He wiped his hands on his pants and smiled to himself; he still had plenty of time before Hoseok arrived. Yeontan barked at him when he checked his reflection for the nth time on the mirror. He looked down at him and crossed his arms. “If he doesn't like it I'm gonna be disappointed, Tannie.” For another minute, the dog looked at him and walked downstairs, urging him to sigh in distress and spray more cologne on his wrists, spreading it on his neck with delicacy. The doorbell had Taehyung shivering in fear and impatience. His steps had gotten less confident when he reached the door, but he nevertheless displayed the prettiest smile Hoseok could muster out of him. “Come inside,” Taehyung greeted him with a promising look, “you look stunning tonight, hyung.” Hoseok smiled timidly, “You're one to talk.” Taehyung invited him to the living room, getting him a glass of water even though he offered wine to which Hoseok denied politely. They started speaking about their work; about their lives outside work and before they knew it was getting late for dinner. Hoseok was delighted with every subject presented by Taehyung; even though he felt sort if guilty for speaking and asking so much, Hoseok didn't look bothered at all. If anything, it felt surreal. Thinking Hoseok was so concentrated and interested in him made Taehyung feel giddy inside. When they were done eating, all grins and compliments to his “amazing cooking skill”, Taehyung and Hoseok settled on the couch. A little too close but neither of them seemed to care. Hoseok even started playing with the rings on Taehyung's hands, asking him why he used so many. “I like wearing accessories.” Taehyung looked rather smiley for a question so casual. “It's been that way since I'm like fifteen.” For the rest of the night, they gave each other daring looks. Taehyung shifted on the couch and looked at Hoseok with curiosity. “Aren’t you scared of people finding your videos?” Hoseok thought about it for a moment. “Scared? No, not at all. That’s the point. I want people to find them.”“I mean people like our boss.” The reply didn't seem to affect him too much. Hoseok shrugged and looked at Taehyung with indifference. “I don’t need the job anyways. I’m just working to avoid suspicion about where I’m getting my money from.” Taehyung nodded, mostly to himself. “I'm glad you got the job, though.”That seemed to utter for yet the brightest smile of the night. Hoseok looked at Taehyung as if he held the entire galaxy in his eyes. And so he leaned in and kissed him senseless; kissed him with all the need he clustered deep down in his chest all night, and knocked the air out of his lungs. Obviously they fucked that night. Hoseok was being exceptionally loud and dazed; for a whole minute Taehyung thought he was filming a porno each time he thrusted inside him, all too loud and way too good to be true. Hoseok's eyes brought the light to his world; he touched and nibbled into his skin, coloring it red with hickeys and urgency. Taehyung didn't want to admit that Hoseok was attaching himself into him in many other ways than just plain attraction and he was scared because of that. He feared for the future. Their future. “That was great.” Hoseok whispered carefully, not meeting the younger’s gaze at all. Quite dubious, Hoseok looked in fact, scared of saying the wrong thing. Taehyung had no answer caught in his lips, but he pulled the other back into bed and kissed his way into a second round, hoping it conveyed what he  wanted  to say but couldn’t.  “Do you wanna get some drinks?” He whispered later on, when they laid next to each other. The curtains were open in a way that allowed the view of the street lights hit the room just in the right places. Hoseok hesitated. “I’m not too good with alcohol.” Taehyung held Hoseok's hand and kissed his knuckles. The familiar smile took over his face and he sat up.“Cool. Me neither.” And that's how they got into a kind of complex relationship of… just purposely tempting each other. They fucked. Again and again. Fucked so much it became a daily thing rather than just a casual thing. None of them wanted it to be “casual” but did they ever dare to say something? Not until Hoseok made a stream a few weeks later, moaning and panting incoherences. This wasn't the first time after their exclusiveness of fucking, but for the first time, Taehyung felt the itch in his left brow (and heart) as he read the comments of strangers; people tipping and watching Hoseok as he came. Every night he went to sleep with Hoseok in his arms, and every morning he woke up alone. He thought the other didn't care about him  that  way. Maybe it was only Taehyung who had started to catch feelings in the midst of all the fooling around, but he'd wake up to sweet coffee in the kitchen and the heater of his room on (it was nearing winter). There was always a post-it note on the fridge that had written— in awful handwriting— “good morning, sleeping beauty!” and that’s when Taehyung questioned whether Hoseok liked him in a more intimate way, too.The next time they saw each other, Taehyung didn’t undress him or praise him. He sat down on his leather couch instead, stared at the golden bands around Hoseok’s frail wrists and smiled to himself. “Hoseok, I want to date you.” It hadn't been uncomfortable to admit, honestly, but Hoseok stared at him in silence for what seemed eternal so he had to look down at the ground. “I really like you, hyung. And it kills me everyday that we can't have something deeper and beyond…  sex , you know? Because it's not just sex to me. It feels surreal but every morning you're simply… gone and it's not what I want.”  When Taehyung looked up at him, Hoseok was smiling fondly at him. “I didn't know you wanted that, Taehyung. I'm… I would love to date you.” Taehyung beamed, crinkled eyes and long lashes happily fluttering. “We should've said something sooner.”And Taehyung knew Hoseok agreed even without saying a word. Because they were too busy to talk anyways; they developed a deep obsession with kissing each other whenever words didn't feel right.
—
The first few days weren't the easiest for them, honestly. Sometimes they'd be too tired because of work and so they'd part ways by themselves after kissing each other goodbye on the company’s parking lot. Taehyung would smile and wave at him from his car once they parted to their respective homes. Taehyung had learned a few weeks ago where Hoseok lived. It was smaller than his house, but the place was lively decorated with painting replicas and family pictures. Hoseok blushed deep red when Taehyung found his sex-toys terribly hidden on a shoe box under his bed. He cooed and kissed him all over when Hoseok refused to talk to him for the rest of the night. That didn't last too long, though. A few minutes, hardly. But in terms of practicality, Taehyung's house was closer to the company's building, so they'd end up there most of the time. He learned Hoseok's habits like he learned the alphabet when he was a kid. It was easy noticing when he paid so much attention to him; Taehyung enjoyed Hoseok's company a way lot more than he probably should. Just the way his eyes droopily blinked whenever he didn't like the movie playing, or how his body easily reacted to the music playing in Taehyung's car. It was one of their late-night house dates, when they both fell asleep uncomfortably on the couch after binge watching a stupid show recommended to them by Netflix and getting side-tracked with heated kisses and messy handjobs (and an extraordinary blowjob by Hoseok's courtesy). Taehyung offered wine to Hoseok with bruised lips, and wine always made them sleepy. So he saw it coming.Taehyung lazily opened his eyes, neck sore from the position and legs cramped. Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, he checked the time on his watch and sighed to himself. Hoseok was soundly asleep next to him, and even though Taehyung felt guilty for reaching his hands out to wake him up, he wouldn't allow the man to sleep here when the bed in his room was infinitely times more comfortable.“Hey, sleeping beauty.” Taehyung smiled tiredly when Hoseok opened his eyes and looked up at him.For a short moment, Hoseok looked lost and annoyed for being woken up, so he whined softly. He didn't say anything back, but the expression on his face softened slightly within seconds. “The bed is more comfortable.” That stirred him up with a shaky stretch of his limbs. “What time is it? I should get back home, Taehyung-ah.” Taehyung frowned at the suggestion. “It's late. You can stay.” He yawned quietly. “Just come to bed.”“That's okay... I can catch the train back home.”“What, no.” Taehyung insisted, exhausted. “Really, stay. I'm not letting you go to the station this late.” Hoseok smiled at him, eyelids still heavy with slumber. He nodded slightly, sitting up properly and holding out his hand for Taehyung to take. When he slipped their hands together, he fully acknowledged how much of a whipped man he was for Jung Hoseok.
—
The sound of water running woke Taehyung up early that morning. The bathroom door must have been improperly closed for the loud rinsing of the shower to reach his ears. If it hadn’t been so unusual for him, he would’ve turned around in bed for a few more minutes and maybe fallen asleep again. But it  wasn’t  usual, obviously, so Taehyung frowned and rubbed an uncoordinated palm through the bedsheets, not too surprised of finding it empty and cold.  He blinked the sleep out of his eyes, lashes heavy on his cheeks as he attempted to keep his eyes open. It was difficult; more so after last night. The faint clicking of wine glasses, purple-stained lips, rustling of zippers, flying shirt buttons, and of course:  Hoseok, Hoseok, Hoseok, replayed freshly in his mind.Taehyung’s hand lazily reached to scratch his hipbone. If he pressed hard enough, he could still picture and  feel  Hoseok’s mouth there— just like his lips were there hours prior to this.  The bathroom’s fan came to an abrupt stop when the lights were turned off. Careful steps filled the silence of Taehyung’s house, so the man could only look up from his place in bed at the light noise. When they met eyes, the man before him seemed shy. “Sorry. I wasn’t supposed to wake you up, Taehyung-ah.” He looked sincerely apologetic, quite new for someone who usually didn’t mess up. Taehyung sometimes feared Hoseok  wasn’t  real considering how absolutely perfect he tended to be in every situation presented to him.  He barely shook his head, “it’s fine,” he muttered with a groggy voice. He almost laughed. “Hope you slept well.”“Well, you  move a lot in your sleep.” The airy laugh that left his lips helped Taehyung relax into the mattress. He could breathe after all. Because they were still getting  used  to it. It was new and  fresh  and sometimes there were way too many flaws and doubts for them to be considered normal, but Taehyung didn’t mind risking it. He didn’t mind learning up to five different things (both good and bad) about Hoseok everyday because he seemed to grow giddy whenever they shared something with each other. Like their secrets.Or their beds.Oh, they shared beds alright.“Why are you even surprised?” Taehyung joked, grinning. “You also snore.” Taehyung laughed this time.  “Well,  you  talk.”“That’s—! That’s not true!”  “And  you drool.”“Oh my God.” “I can go on.” Hoseok covered his face, but Taehyung saw the blushing anyways. “Do you sleep or  watch  me sleep?” He considered the question before answering. “A little of both, truthfully.” “You’re such a sappy man.” Taehyung shrugged, unaffected. “I guess I like you too much.” The heart shaped smile he got in response was the key to his morning. Perhaps today would be a nice day. “You always know what to say to make my heart combust.” But before Taehyung could say anything back, Hoseok clasped his hands together. “Now go take a shower before we're late to work.”
—
It was Hoseok's personal day and Taehyung felt out of it the whole morning. His eyes dragged over to the digital clock on the laptop’s screen and he hissed. It was so early and all he could think about was Hoseok. But more precisely on Hoseok and the fact that he kept making streams and every single one felt worse than the last.Taehyung was starting to develop a certain level of possessiveness over Hoseok that he couldn't keep under control. He enjoyed watching Hoseok's videos most of the time— but he hated to see the number of viewers increase, or the comments complimenting and praising him.And today was one of those days where he couldn't shake those ideas away. Once he parked his car and walked inside the house, he called Hoseok. Hearing his voice calmed him down a little; most of his worries were soothed away the longer they spoke and he was thankful for that. He fell asleep with a lot less complications than usual, even though he had a shit ton of work due next week. He could always do that tomorrow. But tomorrow and the day after it came; with laziness and ineffectiveness next to them. Taehyung hadn't started any of his work yet, but Hoseok frequented his place more often than not and it distracted him more than he'd like to admit. Taehyung was typing tiredly into his computer, sigh deep in between his lips. Hoseok stayed over most nights these days because Taehyung liked it that way (and because they had wonderful sex after a tiring day at work). But the last couple days had been more filled with late, microwaved dinner, and Hoseok feeding Yeontan when Taehyung fell asleep against the keys of his laptop.It became a bit more… domestic and familiar for them. But at the same time, Taehyung started to notice that the days Hoseok wasn't over at his place, he was more than definitely  camming . And Taehyung stopped watching the videos altogether because it made his blood boil with complete jealousy.  It didn't help when they were tangled in the bedsheets, sweaty and cheeks red. Hoseok was always loud and especially when Taehyung was gentle with him. He'd always ask for more, more,  more, until he was writhing and close to crying.Taehyung kissed him slowly, just to fire him up even more. He kissed his lips, his cheeks; he'd suck the tender skin on his hipbone, right above the birthmark he had well hidden under his clothes. Hoseok sometimes stared at him in complete awe and admiration— and Taehyung would go to sleep wondering to himself if he loved him. Even though neither of them said it to each other, Taehyung knew it was love. It had to be.
—
Hoseok was over that night, easing Taehyung's stress with a light massage on tense shoulders. He greatly appreciated it, even if Hoseok lacked strength in it. Taehyung smiled at him anyways, placing his hands over his in a swift movement. The reading glasses were heavy on his face, especially when he wanted to fall asleep, really.“Do you want me to bring you something to drink?” Hoseok's voice was quiet. It almost felt distant to him.He barely shook his head, staring at the screen with sadness. “I've never been this irresponsible, you know?” His voice was lower than usual. “I've been so distracted lately that I leave everything for last minute. And if I don't finish this tonight I'm fucking—”“—Don't be this harsh to yourself,” Hoseok soothed, weaving his delicate fingers on Taehyung's hair, “tell me what's bothering you if it makes you feel better.”Taehyung knew that talking it out would bring more problems rather than solving them. How was he supposed to tell Hoseok that he was the reason of his stress anyways? After all the help and kindness the elder had showed him, it made Taehyung feel like an ungrateful asshole. “Tell me, Taehyung-ah.” His eyes closed and he sighed deeply.  “ Do you think our boss knows who you are? What if he’s seen your streams? Have you ever thought about that?”It wasn't what Hoseok expected and he knew it. Taehyung was ready to apologize because he was being immature and stupid, but Hoseok replied and it was suddenly too late to be undone. “I thought about it for quite some time,” Hoseok’s gaze was permanently on his blue sweater, “but that would be too coincidental, don't you think?” “But it doesn’t bother you? To think he could've possibly jerked off to your videos?” “No.” Hoseok didn’t even ponder. “Is that weird? Does it bother you?” Taehyung was appalled. He wasn't good at hiding expressions and he felt terribly sorry for it, but the answer shocked him beyond words. “Kind of.” He admitted blankly. “Why wouldn’t it bother you? Now I… I don’t want him to see you anymore. He can’t—look  at you.”  Hoseok smiled a little at that, which didn’t exactly help. “You know he’s married.  And  has kids, so I doubt it, Taehyung-ah.”  Taehyung didn’t answer back this time. His eyes remained still on his hands, still a little shaky. Hoseok’s removed his hands slowly from his touch, and Taehyung knew he was probably hurt. But Taehyung felt even more hurt at the moment. “I’m heading to sleep now.” Hoseok said, perhaps a bit hopeful, wishing Taehyung would come with him to bed, too. But the younger nodded slightly instead, a little droopy, and he swore to himself that he imagined the disappointment in Hoseok’s gaze when their eyes met. “I need to finish this tonight,” Taehyung said monotonously; forcefully, “I’ll go to bed later.” Hoseok looked at him for a moment, eyes trained on his face with so many questions he didn’t dare to ask. “Alright. Good night.” Taehyung looked up at him from his seat, searching for Hoseok’s gaze. “Good night.” Yet Taehyung didn’t sleep well that night at all. When he stumbled to bed somewhere in between midnight, Hoseok unconsciously clinged to his body with all the warmth of the universe. Taehyung watched him for a minute before closing his eyes, feeling completely lost and upset. The following morning wasn't too different. Hoseok hadn’t turned the heater on and the space next to him was empty. Taehyung briefly remembered going to sleep somewhere in between two and three in the morning. His hands were cramped and felt like ice when he scratched the skin under his lower lip. Taehyung didn’t feel like moving. The bed was cold but he couldn’t imagine what the rest of the house felt like at this time of the day. When he padded his way to the kitchen, his eyes softened a little.“Morning.” Hoseok sleepily mumbled, lips ghosting on the ceramic mug. “Slept well?” “I barely got any sleep, but I guess it’s what I deserve for leaving work for the last day.” Taehyung scratched his nape, fingers tracing the skin delicately when Hoseok refused to look at him properly. “You?” “I’ve had better nights.” Taehyung tried not to look too deep into it but he couldn’t stop his mind from creating all the bad thoughts. Instead, he tried to shift the environment. “Aren’t you getting ready for work?”Hoseok shook his head. “It’s my personal day.”Taehyung raised both eyebrows in response. “You seem to get lots of them.” “Yeah.”Taehyung frowned this time, properly annoyed now. “Everything okay?”“Perfectly okay.”“Okay.” Taehyung was overly upset now. “Well, actually I need to talk to you.” “Tell me.” His face became stern, then. “I want you to stop camming.” “What?” Hoseok looked at Taehyung with complete disbelief drawn on his features. “Wait, are you  serious?”  “Yeah.” “Taehyung, if this is about  yesterday—.” “—No. I mean  yeah, but not  entirely. I mean it. You don’t need that money anymore. You even— you even have a  job  now.”  Hoseok frowned, hands resting on the marble tabletop. “Well maybe, but  still . You’re overreacting right now.”  “I’m really not, hyung. I don’t want you to keep streaming with random dudes worshipping and coming to your  body.”  “Let me remind you that that’s how you came across me anyways. Oh my God, Taehyung. Are you even listening to yourself right now?”“Why is it so hard to agree?” Taehyung grew angrier within every second. “It’s not that.” Hoseok looked offended. “It’s the fact that you don’t trust me with this.” “Would you? Would you trust or accept it if I was out there fucking myself for thousands of people?” Maybe he was being too harsh now— “Holy shit, Taehyung,” the words clipped the atmosphere; Hoseok was staring at him with incredulity, “out of everyone in the world I can’t believe you’re saying this shit to me. You see me as a slut now, don’t you?”For God’s sake, Hoseok,” Taehyung groaned, “You know I— You’re putting words in my mouth.” “Then how about you don’t say anything instead? Just go to work. It’s getting late.” Taehyung’s hands balled into fists. “I didn’t want to fight with you. I just…  fuck, I’m sorry.” He abruptly hit the table, shocking the other. “Can we talk about this later? I didn’t want to be such an asshole, I’m sorry.”  Sighing, Hoseok looked at Taehyung with sadness. “We’ll talk. But don’t be late to work.” He got up, eyeing Taehyung carefully. “I made coffee for you. It’s in the kettle.”
—
In the last four years Taehyung had worked in this company, he never missed a day of work for being sick. But the pure silence in his office was driving him mad. He had given all his paperwork to his boss on time, earning a soft pat on the shoulder. Just where Hoseok had massaged yesterday. But the thoughts were consuming him. The guiltiness creeped on his throat until he couldn’t properly breathe without feeling like he was about to explode. There was an unwelcome bitterness in his tongue for the rest of the morning until he couldn’t take it anymore and he asked his boss if he could go home early that day. Of course his boss was perplexed by the suddenness, but he said it was fine considering he was his, ‘ best worker ’, as much as it felt like a lie. On the bright side, there wasn’t any work anyways, so that was probably why he allowed him to leave early.The car ride back home, Taehyung wondered if Hoseok had left his house. After all, they barely had any fights, but he knew Hoseok well enough to know he would probably be uncomfortable in his house after what happened earlier. As he unlocked the door, however, he saw Hoseok on the couch, watching a movie with no interest. Taehyung recognized that look; Hoseok always had it when Taehyung put shows he didn’t like to watch. Taehyung almost started crying then. Because he didn’t realize how much he needed Hoseok to function properly in his everyday life. And by the looks of it, seeing how Hoseok had one of Taehyung’s jackets on— the feeling was mutually there and Taehyung couldn’t help but tear up. They looked at each other in silence for a minute; Taehyung grew impatient the longer they stared and so he approached the couch, resembling a kicked dog when he dropped next to him with a big sigh. “I didn’t mean to sound so harsh, Hoseok,” Taehyung half-whispered, sincere and sad at the same time, “I was just… so jealous and I know I shouldn’t be acting this way but it’s all because I care for you too much. And I hate to know others also would want you in ways I already have you but… I just want to be a little more selfish when it comes to you...” Hoseok swallowed thickly, eyes watery like Taehyung’s. “And I know you’re mine already and I trust you so much, but I still want to be a selfish asshole and stop you from camming because… I don’t want others to look at you like they already do. You’re my whole world, Hoseok. Do you realize that?” With skinny fingers, Hoseok held Taehyung’s palm in between his own. “You know you’re my world too, right? Even if you’re an idiot for thinking such stupid things like that.”“I’ll understand if you want to keep camming,” Taehyung looked decisive with that statement, “I was being selfish but I can’t force you like that.” Hoseok pulled Taehyung closer to him. His head leaned against his forehead, touching one against the other. “I’ll stop camming, Tae.” His breath was fanning against his lips. “I’m sorry for being so defensive earlier.” Taehyung hovered over him, hugging him tightly with so much relief as he inhaled his scent. “You’re the best thing that happened to me. I’m serious.”Instead of replying, Hoseok made his way into his mouth and kissed him until everything in him felt better. Until his hands travelled all around his body; pulling his hair and ultimately pulling at the buttons of his dress shirt. Sex was their coping mechanism. It had been for quite a while and it wouldn’t be any different that day. Once Taehyung had effectively gotten rid of Hoseok’s sweatpants, he pulled him by the hips. His grip was tight when he helped Hoseok sit on his lap with both legs on either side of his thighs. Lips traced the outline of his jaw, biting his way down to the jutting clavicles. Hoseok panted loudly, eyes closed when Taehyung looked at him.His hand was already touching him over his underwear. Taehyung was ready to rip the briefs out of him when Hoseok placed a palm over his chest with a distant look, watching something from behind his back. “What happened?” Taehyung breathed heavily against Hoseok’s cheek. An audible laugh escaped Hoseok’s lips when he looked down at him. “Taehyung… your dog is… watching us.” His lips settled on the crook of Hoseok's neck, paying little attention. “What?”Hoseok only leaned away and pointed at the dog, a funny but adamant look on his face. Taehyung turned his head towards the door. He laughed softly. “Yeontan?” “We're not doing this with him  there .”“Oh my God.” Taehyung placed his hands on the other’s hips. He helped him up from the position and held a hand out to him. “Let’s go to my room, yeah?”When Hoseok was laying down on the bed and smiling at him with a shameless grin, Taehyung laughed and resumed to his kissing. “All good now?”Hoseok laughed. “All good.” Taehyung eventually undressed both Hoseok and himself completely, enjoying how the elder looked at him up and down, settling his eyes on his chest. They kissed again, Taehyung whispering, “Like what you see?” to which Hoseok answered: “you should take your shirt off more often.” Taehyung didn’t mention that they see each other naked nearly every day of the week and rather pulled Hoseok’s body closer to his with a cheeky smile.Hoseok’s body was a flame next to his; he was burning with love and lust and Taehyung could feel the shift in the air when their eyes met again. Hoseok started breathing helplessly, looking so close to begging. “Tell me what you want,” Taehyung sucked his neck, latching his lips on the juncture of his throat. Little after, Hoseok’s hand wrapped around his dick, taking him by surprise. Taehyung took a moment to properly look at him, appreciating every little part of him before saying anything else. “Show me what your pretty mouth can do.”Hoseok whimpered to himself, nodding with red cheeks. Taehyung couldn’t help but pull him closer though, smiling at him with affection and fire in his eyes. “Get yourself comfortable first.” Hoseok insisted, tugging his hand to the edge of the headboard. Taehyung only obliged because of the concerned frown on Hoseok’s face, placing a few pillows up against it to watch Hoseok properly. Hoseok smiled then, positioning himself around his legs with parted lips. Taehyung watched as he carefully placed a hand on him, grip gentle and strokes painfully slow. He was ready to tell him to go faster, but Hoseok sensed him and leaned closer to his leaking cock.“Fuck,” Taehyung hissed, tangling his fingers on the layers of black hair. They sucked each other nearly every time they had intimacy, but Taehyung was always amazed by him every  single  time. Besides the fact that Hoseok was really good at driving him over the edge, he had no gag reflex whatsoever, which allowed him to go as deep as he wanted.  “You’re doing so good,” Taehyung grunted with shivers running down his spine, “fuck, hyung.” He squeezed his eyes shut at the shuddery breath that escaped his lips.When he opened his eyes again, Hoseok was looking up at him, mouth filled with his cock and Taehyung was surprised he didn’t come at the sight. He pulled his hair and Hoseok moaned around him, saliva and pre-cum dripping from his chin already. “You’re such a mess, hyung. You should look at yourself.” Taehyung noticed Hoseok started to palm his own dick at the words, filling his body with heat. “I’ll fuck you, don’t come yet.” Hoseok closed his eyes, breathing ragged and wasted. Taehyung was nearing his own high, so he tapped Hoseok’s shoulder, who gently started pulling off of him with a lewd noise that made Taehyung moan. “I want to watch you get ready,” Taehyung muttered under his breath, shifting to the edge of the bed to grab the lube resting on the drawer. Hoseok immediately shook his head, hands holding Taehyung’s arms with a defeated gaze.“Taehyung-ah, please,” Hoseok was shaking with lust by now, “it doesn’t feel as good when I do it.”But that was the thing; Taehyung had noticed that ever since they’d gotten to having sex on a regular basis, Hoseok asked him to prepare him most of the times. It was sort of funny to him, considering Hoseok used to prepare by himself all the time whenever he had streams. Taehyung was determined and shook his head firmly. “You’re gonna do it. And I’m gonna watch you.” “But– but— your fingers are bigger. You make me feel so good, Tae—” “I said no.”  Taehyung looked at him with dull eyes; he was weak for Hoseok but he needed to keep it together and know who was in charge during these times. Hoseok looked beaten and perhaps a little upset, but Taehyung’s gaze softened. He cupped his cheek with tenderness, blowing air into his teary eyes. “You’ll be fine, Hoseok. I’ll make you feel so good afterwards.” He reached for his ass cheeks, lower lip shaky when he inserted a finger inside his opening. Taehyung watched him quietly, already leaking from before and swallowing down his breathy moans. The movement of his fingers started delicate, looking for the place he could never reach with frail fingers like his. Taehyung only encouraged him to go on with thick eyebrows in a concentrated frown. Hoseok started thrusting his fingers in and out with rush in his actions; his voice started cracking and moaning Taehyung’s name with warm-hearted cries.Taehyung groaned, helping Hoseok up and taking his place on the bed. With shaky legs, Hoseok straddled Taehyung’s lap and panted. “I want you so bad, Taehyung.”“I want you too.” Taehyung assured the other with a warm smile. Hoseok stroked Taehyung with his slippery hand, making sure he was covered in lube as well. Taehyung placed his hands on Hoseok’s thighs— sinfully golden turning red from the pressure of his hands.And Hoseok held Taehyung’s cock with one hand as the other looked for his hand out of habit. Taehyung held his hand firmly, drawing soothing patterns on Hoseok’s thigh with his free hand, looking at him carefully. “Ah, fuck…” Hoseok whispered as soon as Taehyung was inside him. “You’re so… big. I… fuck.” It was hard not to thrust inside him when he spoke to him like this, but Hoseok confessed once it was a little hard to get used to when he was so big. Taehyung blushed, because he felt his heart and pride grow at the words. “Take it easy. Move when you’re… ready.”And Hoseok was tight enough to make Taehyung hold his breath and die of asphyxia. “Why are you… fuck, why are you so hot, Taehyung?” Hoseok leaned closer to him, hissing from the sudden movement, but he couldn’t help it. “You’re always so… good looking and it makes me wonder why you even like me—”“Don’t  say that shit,” Taehyung held his breath; Hoseok couldn’t be saying this kind of bullshit  now, “Not now, not  ever.”  Hoseok dropped his gaze and squeezed Taehyung’s hand tighter without intending to do so. “Look at me, Hoseok.”Taehyung brushed the hair out of Hoseok’s eyes and forced him to look at him. “You don’t even know how much I’m… in  love  with you.” Hoseok’s eyes settled on Taehyung's at the confession, lips parted with uncertainty.“I can't tell you how much because I just do, okay?” Taehyung looked at him with a deep heartache, spreading to his body like sore muscles. “Trust me. You're so beautiful, hyung.”Hoseok unconsciously moved, eyes watery and thighs trembling like they usually did during sex. Taehyung soothed his muscles, feathery touch on him. He leaned his head on the crook of Taehyung's neck, gasping quietly as he rocked himself on him. “You're… I trust you,” Hoseok whispered, “I do, I promise.” This time it felt a little different. It wasn't moaning and chanting each other’s names fiercely like usual. Taehyung was a bit more careful and gentle, and Hoseok didn't ask him to go faster and deeper. They just went with it, Taehyung kissing confessions until they were printed on Hoseok's delicate skin. Hoseok moaned quietly next to his ear, unable to form sentences because his mind was troubled at the moment.Hoseok came before Taehyung, shaking with oversensitivity as Taehyung repeatedly hit the spot that helped him see the stars. Taehyung refused to let go of Hoseok when both of them were calmer than before. The condom was knotted on the trash bin by now, but Hoseok remained close to him. Taehyung didn't want him away anymore. “Taehyung-ah,” Hoseok whispered when he thought the younger one had fallen asleep. In reality, Taehyung didn't know if he'd be able to sleep after what happened earlier. “I'm awake.” Taehyung muttered, low voice and quiet. “I think… I'm in love with you, too.”He shifted from under Hoseok's light body, moving his head to look at him, although the elder had his face well hidden. “You know you don't have to say it back, right? If you're not sure, it's fine.” “No, but I'm…” Hoseok exhaled, moving from his position to look at Taehyung now. “I'm sure, but I was scared of saying it.” “Why?” “Because I thought you didn't love me back.”“That's stupid,” Taehyung whispered, “I've loved you for a long time now.”“I'm sorry for saying that shit earlier.” Hoseok looked extremely torned. His eyes were glazed with unshed tears he'd been holding back for quite some time now. “I didn't mean to ruin the mood at all. I just— I really think you're the personification of perfect and I felt very insecure. I hate upsetting you, and I did just that, didn't I?” “It upsets me that you don't realize how flawless you are.” Hoseok didn't reply, covering his face instead. His shoulders trembled and Taehyung realized he was crying. His immediate reaction was to pull him close, all whilst his heart broke into a million pieces. “Don't cry. I'll cry too if you keep crying.”“I started camming because I… had no other alternative, Taehyung-ah.” His voice was so tiny and unsteady that Taehyung wanted to keep him quiet and settled. But he let the other talk it out, because it was obvious how much this bothered him and so Taehyung was willing to listen to him even if it hurt him. He couldn't imagine the hurt Hoseok was feeling, too. “All this time— I couldn't get a job and so all I had on my favor was my body.” Hoseok's voice broke, “I didn't want… to do it—  I hated it at first but it brought me enough money to live even if it was humiliating.”His eyes were completely shut; Taehyung wanted to tell him it was going to be okay but how was he supposed to know that? “That's why I got so upset with you when you told me to stop camming. Because I knew it was the right thing to do but a part of me convinced me you thought I was a slut.” Taehyung shook his head, unaware that his eyes had tears in them too. “The thought of you being jealous never crossed my mind. But when you said you were, I wondered if you were jealous because you possibly loved me too.” Taehyung didn't want to hear more; his lips ghosted to his wet cheeks and he kissed him again and again. “I love you, I promise. You're amazing, and I love everything about you. Trust me with this too, hyung.” Hoseok sealed his own promise with a kiss. “I do. I trust you.”
—
Taehyung's mind had been more at ease after their talk. He finished his work early because he didn't want to cope with the stress of leaving everything until the last day, and his body and mind greatly appreciated that he was doing a favor to himself. Hoseok spent more time over at Taehyung's place, and they discussed moving in together. It had been months of their ‘official’ relationship and Hoseok was starting to miss clothes that fit him well and the pillows he left behind. Plus, it was useless to keep paying rent for a place he didn't even sleep at. “I'm still packing my stuff, but you can come over to help.” Hoseok's voice wasn't focused, Taehyung smiled a little and accepted before hanging up.It was a little after nine when he finally reached Hoseok's apartment. He knocked on the door even if he had a spare key to the place, earning an annoyed huff from inside. “I can't open the door right now. Use your key!” Taehyung scoffed, feigning offense and opening the door after trying to guess what key was the right one. Hoseok looked at him with a pretty smile, hands busy placing small decorations inside a cardboard box. “Care to help? A few things are too high for me to reach.” He eyed the shelves, certainly too high for Hoseok to take down. “How'd you even put that there, shorty?” He mocked, ruffling the man’s hair with his hands. “Just hurry up, big boy.” In the end, they ended up laying together on Hoseok's mattress, staring at the ceiling with droopy eyes. Hoseok seemed a little distant and Taehyung asked him if he was feeling alright. “I'm gonna miss this place,” Hoseok admitted sadly, “it was the first place I was able to afford by myself.” Taehyung remained quiet for too long. He looked at Hoseok and smiled slightly. “How do you think Yeontan would like it here?” “Oh, shut up. We're not staying here.” Hoseok laughed, eyes on the younger’s own. “We could if you wanted to. My place is too big anyways.”“I didn't just pack all my shit for you to say this right now, Taehyung-ah.” “We can always unpack.”Hoseok smiled at him, and Taehyung smiled back without really knowing the reason. Taehyung realized then, that he would sacrifice himself for anything Hoseok wanted, and by how Hoseok stared at him, he knew Hoseok was thinking the same thing. “This place is cramped for two people and a dog.” Hoseok said, smile reaching his eyes. “Says who? You and my dog are literally tiny.” “Are you being serious? Would you be willing to stay here?”Taehyung gasped exaggeratedly. “You offend me, really.” He leaned in to kiss Hoseok's cheek, giggly and happy. “I'll do what you want the most and you know that.” “Even if this place is further away from the company?” “We can always wake up ten minutes early.” “But I really don't want to unpack.” Hoseok looked tired.“Well, I guess I can do that for you instead.” Taehyung sat up, smiling affectionately at Hoseok. “It's settled then. We're moving here.” Hoseok smiled so big he could've brightened the whole universe with his light. “I love you so fucking much, Tae.” Taehyung hugged him against his chest, kissing the crown of his head and laying next to him once again. “Thinking about it now, we can unpack tomorrow. I'm beat.”Laughing in return, Hoseok curled his body next to him. “Yeah, that sounds like a better plan. Sleep well, Taehyung.” He yawned, eyes closing already. “Hm… Love you, Seok.”
—
A few weeks after moving out to Hoseok's place, Taehyung lurked around the place while Hoseok showered. He'd already hit his head with one of the counters in the kitchenette and Hoseok was seriously concerned about the place being too small for someone as tall as him. Taehyung laughed and told him it was just muscle memory and he'd get used to the place and the counters soon. Hoseok didn't buy it but Taehyung kissed him and he was sold.His hands settled on the black shoe-box he'd seen months ago upon first meeting Hoseok. He opened it and examined all the toys and vibrators inside it, looking closely to find different colors and accessories. “You sure are a curious kid.” Hoseok muttered under his breath when he caught Taehyung.Rather than feeling embarrassed, Taehyung looked at Hoseok with hooded eyes. “Did you know I got you this one?” He held the vibrator in his hands, staring at Hoseok with rigidness. Hoseok bit his lower lip, looking at the object in Taehyung's hands. “Did you really?” Taehyung broke into a small smile, shaking his head with an shit-eating grin. “No. I was lying, but I thought it was hot.” “You're such an idiot.” “Alright, I'm sorry.” Taehyung walked up to him and pecked his nose. “But I was thinking this, seriously. And I guess I… miss your streams.” Hoseok looked at him with doubts, his mouth opened but he didn't dare to say a word. Taehyung licked his lips and smiled coyly at him. “Really?” “Yeah.” He didn't say anything else, unsure of why he said anything to begin with. It seemed like there were a few seconds where Hoseok considered his following words. “I mean, I could do one if you want.” Taehyung contemplated about it for a good measurement of ten seconds. “I don't know. I don’t want others to see you. Even if they already have, that doesn't mean they have the right to see you again.” Hoseok smiled kindly, kissing him on the cheek and ushering him out of their bedroom. “Get to work, Taehyung-ah.”He waited for the elevator and headed to the garage where his car was. All alone because Hoseok didn't have work today, and honestly, at this point it was plain ridiculous how many personal days Hoseok got. It was also ridiculous how unsettled he grew the longer he sat in his office with no work because he'd finished most of it two days ago. His knuckles turned white from holding the water bottle in between his fingers and feeling a little dubious with today. He sent a text message to Hoseok, asking him if he could call him because he was feeling a little lonely. In reality he had other ideas in mind, because he remembered the conversation they had this morning and for some reason he couldn't grasp the idea of Hoseok really making a stream. Taehyung frowned when the reply didn't come in minutes. “Maybe he's really gonna do it…” 
 New Text Message!  
 Seokie : taehyung, i'm waiting for you  Taehyung widened his eyes upon reading it, all the blood draining from his face and feeling the familiar pang of possessiveness as he logged on to the stupid website he hadn't opened in a long ass time. He stared at the screen with disdain as the notification repeated itself in his head for the hundredth time because:  babyseokie is going live!  The earphones were correctly plugged in the laptop before he clicked on the video. His eyes closed in a silent meltdown as soon as he saw Hoseok there. Talking came relatively easy to him. Taehyung sometimes wondered where exactly he had learned to speak so casually. How to speak as if hundreds of people weren’t jerking off to his voice, face and body. Taehyung seethed, clearly annoyed at the sole idea. Watching Hoseok’s streams back then hadn’t been done regularly on purpose. He got the familiar notification of: “babyseokie is going live!” and he chose whether he felt like watching or not. (He mostly ended up watching, though). The video quality wasn’t always good— in fact it depended on Hoseok’s circumstances. He’d spoken about it countless of times with his avid viewers.  “Whenever I feel too lazy I just use the webcam. But I bet you all can see me just fine, right?”  Taehyung clenched his jaw and wondered why he wasn't as angry as he expected to be. To be honest, he was  furious — but he couldn't shake the fact away that Hoseok looked incredibly good and pretty right there. He hated himself for studying the scene and looking at Hoseok intently.  “I haven’t done this in a while.” Hoseok looked so beautifully stunning. His hands reached out to move the camera into a better angle with a light smile on his face. Taehyung tensed in his place, quietly cursing under his breath when he insistently watched Hoseok touching himself. Shameless and loud, just like he was whenever Taehyung hovered over his body. It wasn't until a few seconds later that Hoseok looked through the screen, probably reading the comments and the people who joined when he stuttered out,  “Taehyung... I was waiting for you.” His hand shot up to hold his phone. He was gonna call him and tell him to end the stream right now; as easy as that. But Hoseok whimpered quietly and he got permanently distracted.  “I… I’m gonna add another finger.” He panted.  Eyes shut with pure bliss, Taehyung only stared at Hoseok. Everyone and everything else meant absolutely nothing to him; Hoseok moaned and fucked himself with three fingers with a steady pace.  “Ah, Taehyung-ah.” Taehyung’s heart halted to a stop.11108k: fuck yourself harder for me “Okay,”  Hoseok breathes out, “ah, yeah… okay…” The noises of coins filled up the video room. Out of the corner of his eye, Taehyung saw as Hoseok kept getting tipped and the anger boiled inside him yet again. So he closed the tab with an incoherent curse and harshly took his earphones off. It was an understatement to say how much his heart constricted against his ribs thinking about all the people watching Hoseok. It was nearing the end of the shift anyways, so he quietly gathered his stuff and locked the door to his office, ignoring everyone on his way down the elevator. Yeontan cheerfully greeted him at the door when he set a foot inside the apartment. He closed the door with a tired sigh, walking to the kitchen and pouring himself a cup of water with shaky lips. Hoseok didn't come out of their room and Taehyung grew even more anxious at the fact. He bit his lip, petting Yeontan for a moment with his heart in his throat. “Taehyung-ah?” He looked up, meeting his gaze with Hoseok’s. He was clothed and covered, and Taehyung nearly laughed with self-pity. All he did was look at him and take a deep breath, eyes soft and maybe pained. “Why…?” Taehyung shook his head, rubbing his rough palms on his eyes. “Actually don't answer that.” Hoseok walked closer to him, like a deer in headlights. “I did it for you. You said…” “I wasn't thinking properly. I didn't think about all the people watching because I was a stupid idiot, Hoseok.” “Those people don't matter, Taehyung. I did it for you. I kept thinking about you.” Hoseok walked closer to him tugging at his tie and breathing unsteadily,  desperate . “I couldn't stop thinking about you. Only you.”  “You couldn’t just wait for me, huh?” Taehyung seethed, riled up, “Had to fuck yourself with a toy in front of hundreds of viewers because you couldn’t wait for me to get home.” “I couldn’t—”Taehyung held a handful of Hoseok’s damp hair with his left hand. The pull a bit harsher than usual, earning a soft whine from Hoseok in response. “Don’t talk back. I’m still furious, Hoseok.” He leaned closer and whispered close to his ear. “Do you know how many people were watching you? Watching the mess you were earlier? You like that, don’t you?” Hoseok limited himself from answering. “You like people giving you attention. As if mine wasn’t enough.”Maddening silence. “Answer  me.” Taehyung growled, lips close to Hoseok’s collarbone. “Tell me if I’m wrong.”  There were unshed tears in Hoseok’s eyes. Taehyung almost broke the situation to ask him if he was being too harsh until Hoseok hiccuped and whimpered. “You’re— wrong.” Hoseok replied. Taehyung frowned, ready to let another question lip. “You’re wrong—  I just care about  your  attention.” His voice gets higher in an attempt of explaining himself. “I did it because of you. I wanted  you  to see. I don’t care about the rest. Because I only want you. I want you… wanted you so much earlier.” The moment he looked at Hoseok again, he let out the sigh he didn't know he was holding. His hand traced the outline of his lips, soft touch. “Fuck, Hoseok...” Taehyung held Hoseok in his arms, whispering so faintly Hoseok nearly missed his voice. “No one else can make you feel good.” His voice was helping him keep himself adrift. “Me. I’m the only one.” “You're weak for me. Mine.” Taehyung latched his lips on Hoseok's jaw. “You love me, right?” “Yes.Yes...” Hoseok whimpered pathetically. “I love you. Only you. Trust me.”  “I do.” Taehyung kissed him, eyes closed and hands roaming around his body. “I promise I do.”And Hoseok lured him with a kiss that could've lured anyone in. Closing the door behind their messy kissing, Taehyung marked Hoseok's body as his, touching and pressing on the right places. Hoseok ended up on his lap, straddling his body with his thighs. Taehyung thrusted up, hitting properly inside him but with a bit of strain.  “ Go lower, hyung. I saw you fucking yourself earlier. You’re well prepared.”  “You're too big. I can’t take it.” Hoseok gasped, hands intertwined with the younger's.“You can’t? Should I stop then?” “No ,” Hoseok glared at him, wishing he could wipe Taehyung's teasing grin out of his face.  Eventually Hoseok moved up and down with all the energy he had left, leaving him completely drained out after his second orgasm of the day. His sweaty forehead leaned against Taehyung's and he kissed his lips softly. “You didn't watch the end of my stream, did you?” Hoseok commented with a soft voice, “I said I was never gonna do it again. That it was my last.” Taehyung blinked at him, feeling tired himself. “Really?” “Really,” Hoseok nodded with a dazed expression, “So you don't have to worry about that anymore. I'm sorry for doing it when I knew you weren't okay with it.”“I'm sorry for being a dick when it comes to that, though.” Taehyung shamefully disclosed. “It's fine.” Hoseok smiled. “I like it when you're jealous.”“I nearly broke my laptop from how harshly I closed it. You're getting me a new computer next time you wanna make me jealous, baby.”They both laughed at that and Hoseok flicked Taehyung on the leg. “Deal .”
——

 “I wanted to quickly say something.”  Hoseok's eyes glazed tiredy at the camera.  “You may have noticed I don’t come online at all lately.”  He didn't read the comments this time, focusing on speaking this time around.  “I’m actually… seeing someone, so I don’t think I’ll be back after today, so I hope you all understand.” The bashful smile he always gave to his viewers was gone this time, however. It held a special place only for Taehyung now.  “This was my last stream if that’s okay. I won’t be coming back anymore, so goodbye. Thanks for the love all these months.”  He scratched the spot under his neck, where a mark from yesterday painted his skin. “And Taehyung-ah, if you’re watching this, I love you…” He smiled shyly at that. “Come back home soon… I'll be waiting for you.”  



Afterword


End Notes
Thank you for reading this! (The ending is supposed to be the part of the stream Taehyung missed; I'm sorry if it's not clear enough.)Title comes from a song, so no part 2 will be written anytime soon, I'm sorry...But the fact that this is completed gives me more time to finish my pending works, so be on the lookout! By the way I love love love comments so, I hope you all liked it! :')


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



