



He Ignites The Flame We - parkjizzmin - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

He Ignites The Flame We Never Lit
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/6135423.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Angst, Angst with a Happy Ending, Infidelity, Mild Sexual Content
Stats:

        Published: 2016-02-29
          Completed: 2016-03-31
          Chapters: 3/3
        Words: 5443
      

He Ignites The Flame We Never Lit
by parkjizzmin
Summary
Yoongi and Jimin struggle confessing to Jeongguk about their affair, but Jeongguk beats them to it
Notes
inspired by sugakookie's interactions in the Run MV and the song I Know What You Did Last Summer

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1



Yoongi met Jeongguk through a mutual friend, Seokjin. No immediate fireworks or passionate love-at-first-sight encounters, just some casual coffee dates and soft kisses. They fell into a relationship the way you fall into a smoking habit; dragging for comfort and familiarity, finding pleasure in the satisfaction of such a simple thing. It was simple when they confirmed it on facebook, simple when they introduced each other to their parents, simple when they moved into their own apartment.Yoongi met Jimin through a mutual friend, Jeongguk. It was panic, red flashing lights, sirens at the first glimpse of bright orange hair and fire in his chest at the warmth radiating from the boy's blinding smile. It was complex, frustratingly so, when fleeting touches and meaningful gazes turned into passionate nights and deep secrets. They fell into their affair the way you fall into a drug habit; carefully yet excitedly, behind closed doors, thriving on the adrenaline of consequence./-/-/-/-/-/Jeongguk rolled onto his side, blinking through the dark to make out the time on the clock. 4:32 am. Hopelessly glancing at the other side of the bed, he wasn't surprised to find it empty. It was the fourth time in the last fortnight that Yoongi had disappeared without explanation. Sighing, he resigned himself back into sleep, the preferable option to lying awake and leaving his mind to wander with possibilities of where Yoongi could be.When he woke in the morning, there was a pair of arms around his waist, Yoongi's head snuggled into his neck. Jeongguk smiled to himself, relieved that Yoongi was home and safe. He pulled the arms off of him carefully, and slipped out of bed, kissing Yoongi's forehead before treading off to make breakfast. It was only 20 minutes before Yoongi's alarm sounded and the elder trudged into the kitchen to fill the kettle and switch it on, standing next to Jeongguk and resting his back against the counter."Good morning." Yoongi said, kissing Jeongguk's cheek in greeting as though everything was normal."Where were you last night?" Jeongguk said. "Don't tell me you were at the studio again, you were out til 5am.""I went out for drinks with Namjoon after we were done with track four. We finished it by the way, I'll send it to you, yeah? Your harmonies sound great in it, I'm proud of you." Yoongi smiled over at Jeongguk, who turned to face him with an equally pleased smile, seemingly having forgotten about Yoongi's late return."Thank you, baby, but I'm sure I wouldn't sound as good without your super-cool producing talents." He giggled, looping his arms around Yoongi's waist. He leant in to kiss the elder, who moved his head to side to let Jeongguk's lips press against his cheek instead. The younger looked at him in confusion and hurt."Um, morning breath." Yoongi mumbled, moving himself out of Jeongguk's embrace to pour the cups of coffee.Sighing, Jeongguk rolled his eyes and continued to scramble the eggs, deciding not to think too much of it and instead changing the subject."Jimin's coming over soon. He's just buying some beers for later." He said, noticing the way Yoongi's muscles tensed for a fraction of a second before he cleared his throat."Oh really? Why?" Yoongi asked, swallowing thickly as Jeongguk laughed."What do you mean 'why', he's my best friend, dumbass. We're gonna hang out, because that's what friends do, I don't expect you to understand..." Jeongguk giggled, before being swatted with a tea towel."Hey! I have friends, you brat." Yoongi whined."Sure. You have a grand total of three - me, Seokjin, Namjoon." Jeongguk continued to tease his boyfriend."I have at least five! What about Hoseok and Jimin?!""They're my friends, they don't count." Yoongi huffed childishly so Jeongguk continued. "Come on, you've only even spoken to Jimin, like, four times at the most." Yoongi remained silent, unsure of what to say, panic starting to rise before he was saved by Jeongguk talking again. "Anyway, it doesn't matter how many friends you have, as long as you love me the most, right?" The younger winked, linked his arms around Yoongi's neck, the elder's hands resting on his hips.Yoongi breathed, acknowledging the immensity of the lie he was about to tell. "Of course, baby." He said, meeting Jeongguk half way who was leaning in to kiss him. They kissed slowly and what Jeongguk thought was lovingly, before someone cleared their throat from the doorway and they turned their heads in surprise."The door was unlocked so I thought I might as well let myself in, sorry for interrupting..." Jimin trailed off, not daring to make eye contact with Yoongi."It's fine, Jimin. Lemme just get changed real quick. Yoongi can keep you company, though good luck having a conversation with him - he's like a brick wall honestly." Jeongguk laughed as he head to the bathroom, leaving Jimin and Yoongi on their own."Coffee?""Yes please, I lost all my energy sucking your dick last night." Jimin smirked."Jimin, please, not here." Yoongi said, lowering his voice to a hushed whisper as Jimin walked over to him."That hurt you know." Jimin confessed, head lowering to look at the ground. "Seeing you like that with Jeongguk. I don't know whether it was jealousy or guilt or-""Jimin. Not. Here. I'm serious." Yoongi said sternly, resting a hand on Jimin's chest to push him away."You'll tell him soon, won't you? Please Yoongi.""Tell who what?" Jeongguk suddenly spoke, reentering the room in a fresh pair of jeans and large red t-shirt, hair styled in a way to reveal his forehead."N-nothing." Yoongi said quickly. "This brat was just being annoying, can you tell your friend to piss off?" /-/-/-/-/-/ "Why do we keep doing this?" Jimin breathed out slowly, feeling Yoongi's heartbeat begin to speed slightly at the topic. "Jeonggu-""Don't say his name. Please." Yoongi cut in abruptly, wrapping his fingers over Jimin's mouth. They had been lying together for a while, wrapped up in messy bedsheets and cold sweat, limbs tangled and heads pillowed on shoulders."We can't just avoid this forever, Yoongi. You know we can't." Jimin whispered, bringing his hand up to comb through the elder's hair."We can try." Yoongi said, turning to kiss Jimin softly and lightly."I don't want to. Jeong- he means a lot to both of us, Yoongi, I don't want to lose that." Jimin confessed. Yoongi suddenly retracted his head and turned onto his back again, staring at the ceiling as he snapped at Jimin,"Well you already fucking have, Jimin! The first time you kissed me your friendship with him was gone. And the only way you can hold onto it is by keeping this, us, a secret. Do you understand, Jimin? The minute he finds out, he'll hate us." Yoongi croaked out, blinking away the tears.Neither of them said anything for a while, letting the unsaid thoughts and feelings hang stagnant in the air. Yoongi turned onto his side, face to face with Jimin, and rested a hand on the younger's face, stroking carefully with his thumb."I hate this." Jimin said, trying his hardest to conceal the crack in his voice."I hate you." Yoongi chuckled, knowing full well the situation wasn't funny in the slightest."I love you.""I know." Yoongi closed his eyes, head pounding with pain and guilt. "I love you too."/-/-/-/-/-/  Jeongguk wasn't sure how much longer he could bear this. It was a vicious cycle: Yoongi promising to be home yet staying out til morning, coming back smelling of too much cologne, kissing him hesitantly and apologising for having 'too much work'. There were too many tell-tale signs, but the worst of all was the way he could feel  Yoongi falling out of love with him. He was cold, distant, fake, yet he tried so hard to love him. And that's what hurt the most, that despite the efforts Yoongi put in to show him affection, the love was already too far gone to be salvaged. No amount of apologies could fix the fact that Yoongi no longer look at him with a light in his eyes, no longer touched him like he was the most precious thing on earth, no longer talked about him with pride that he was his. For the sake of his mental wellbeing, Jeongguk vowed to confront Yoongi the next time he returned late.Which ironically happened to be the very night he made the vow, proving it was time. The boy stayed awake the entire night, downing coffee after coffee, hands shaking from caffeine or nerves - the nausea in his stomach told him it was the latter. His heart leapt up his throat the moment the door clicked open and a tired Yoongi tiptoed in, shoes in his hand and shirt only half-buttoned. When he noticed the younger sitting with eyes already teary, he breathed deeply and dropped his shoes, cautiously sitting the other side of the sofa. "Lie to me, Yoongi. Tell me that, tell me that there's no one else." He whispered. "Please.""Jeongguk, I-""Look me in the eyes and tell that you haven't been seeing someone else, please, Yoongi, please!" Jeongguk begged, waiting before Yoongi put his head in his hands and choked out,"I can't."Jeongguk broke down at that, despite having expected nothing less. He sobbed out tears as he angrily rose from the sofa, dragging his hands through his hair before resting his head on the wall and hiccuping breaths to regain composure. With his head still buried in his arms against the wall he tried talking again."Wh-who, I m-mean what, why- God I don't know Yoongi just say something, fuck, you coward!""There's nothing I can say except for, I'm sorry.""Bullshit.""No, I am I genuinely am, Jeongguk you have to know that." Yoongi was crying now too, tears escaping despite his efforts to brush them away. "I would never have, I didn't mean to-""The fuck do you mean you didn't mean to?!""I didn't mean to fall in love with him!" The silence that followed was excruciating as they listened to the almost audible sound of Jeongguk's heart shattering like a sculpture in a storm. Jeongguk didn't expect this feeling, the feeling of hearing the person you're in love with admit they fell in love with someone else whilst loving you. It was already eating him up, like acid burning his insides bit by bit, slowly taking over his whole body and leaving him hollow."You, you're in love with him?" Jeongguk whispered, shellshocked."Yes. And I'm sorry. I did love you, I truly did, and I still do. Just, not in the same way...""If you loved me you would have stopped contact with him as soon as you realised where it was going.""I couldn't.""Why not?" Jeongguk asked, temper starting to rise higher than it already was."Because...because...""Spit it out, Yoongi! I don't have time for your bullshit, nothing could make this worse than it-""Because it's Jimin!"  



3 Yoonmin Firsts
Chapter Summary
flashbacks to what happens before chapter 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





First Time No.1
When Yoongi had walked through the door with his arm around Jeongguk's waist, Jimin knew he was screwed."Jimin, hey! You can finally meet Yoongi!" Jeongguk had yelled over the loud house music, clearly having sipped from one too many red cups already. Yoongi shook his head and chuckled at Jeongguk before turning his attention to Jimin. When his eyes fell upon the boy's delicate features and soft face framed with startling red hair, his breath hitched in his throat, barely managing to stutter out his introduction whilst hoping no one had noticed. The dusting shade of pink that tinted Jimin's cheeks told him he had."I'm Yoongi." He said, holding his hand out for Jimin to shake. When the younger slipped his hand against Yoongi's, he tried desperately not to think about how a perfect a contrast plump short fingers against long skinny ones was."Jimin. I've heard a lot about you from this one." Jimin chuckled, looking down at his feet awkwardly after gesturing towards Jeongguk."You guys are boring at parties. Why does everyone had to be so goddamn responsible?!" Jeongguk whined drunkenly."Because someone has to be sober enough to look after your sorry ass, idiot." Yoongi laughed, before pecking Jeongguk's cheek. "I heard Seokjin's doing pennies in the garden, go on, have some fun." He suggested, barely reaching the end of his sentence before the younger was dashing off to the drinking game.The two stood awkwardly for a few beats, the loud presence of Jeongguk now missing and highlighting their silent personalities. Deciding he could bear it no more, Jimin spoke up."Um, I don't know about you but this party isn't much fun when your sober, wanna get out of the crowd? There's a balcony upstairs that no one who's drunk is allowed on?"Yoongi smiled in acceptance, and Jimin's face erupted into a bright grin, eyes disappearing into slits of happiness. Yoongi watched in awe for a second before he felt Jimin's hand placed on the small of his back and guiding him through the crowds up to the balcony. When the cold night air hit his face, he felt the hand retract quickly, not staying there for a moment longer than necessary."Aw, that was keeping me warm!" He mockingly whined, earning a giggle from Jimin."You can have my jacket if you want." He offered, already beginning to shrug it off. Yoongi's hands gently rested on his shoulders, easing the denim back into position."No, no. You keep it. I wouldn't look good in that anyway." He joked, properly looking Jimin's outfit over and only now acknowledging how good he looked. He had dark black jeans clinging to his clearly toned thighs, a simple Joy Division t-shirt, and a grey acid-wash jacket with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. He looked effortlessly hot. "You do.""I do what?""You look gorgeous."It was a better compliment than the shoddy "you look fine now let's go" he gave Jeongguk that night./-/-/-/-/-/
First Time No.2
Yoongi stumbled away from his computer, green bars of music etched into the back of his eyelids (damn, he needed a break) and dragged a hand through his fluffy hair as he swung the door open after the doorbell had rung for the third time."Oh." He said when Jimin was stood the other side of the door, hair now a more subtle orange colour and lips just as plump as he'd tried not to notice before. "Um, Jeongguk isn't here...""Oh." Jimin replied, slightly. "I guess I'll just go then..." He said, brushing off the snow from his coat that had settled there from the harsh storm outside."It's rough out there, Jimin, why- why don't you stay? Just until the storm passes, at least." Yoongi knew this was the right thing to say as Jimin's face lit up with the megawatt smile he'd only had the pleasure of seeing twice. Yoongi's stomach flipped, and he dragged his eyes away hurriedly, alarmed at the feeling from seeing it.He gestured for Jimin to come in, and they soon settled into a comfortable position on the sofa, shoes discarded and a dvd disc rolling. It wasn't a particularly enthralling film, in Yoongi's opinion, and his found they'd much rather watch Jimin's painfully cute reactions to the protagonist's tragedies. He couldn't figure out why he was so fascinated by him; not even Jeongguk had a face so sculpted for viewing. But with Jimin, every flutter of eyelashes, raise of eyebrows, twitch of nose, lick of lips, felt like a whole movie in itself."Why are you looking at me? This is so embarrassing! I'm trying to be cool around you and now look at me!" Jimin whined as tears fell from his eyes at the fatal end to the movie."Don't worry, it's cute. You cry like a girl." Yoongi chuckled, leaning closer to him to wipe away his tears. His hand rested on Jimin's cheek and he caught Jimin's gaze."How do girls cry?" Jimin whispered."Prettily." Yoongi breathed, and swore he could feel his heart in his mouth as his eyes flitted to Jimin's lips. Seconds ticked by and Jimin's hands grew clammy as they closed their eyes when lips brushed lips. They kissed softly for only a few moments before breaking away, breathing heavily not from lack of oxygen but from nerves and intensity."Fuck." Yoongi whispered, eyes still closed from the guilt of not even regretting the forbidden kiss. "We shouldn't.""You're right, this is wrong..." Jimin said, despite the fact that both men were contradicting their own words and hurriedly pushing their lips back together again. This kiss was hungrier, more desperate and passionate, reflecting the way Yoongi's hands gripped into Jimin's hair and the younger's arms threaded around his waist to pull them together. Yoongi edged Jimin slightly so he rolled backwards onto the couch, legs wrapping around Yoongi's body as the elder hovered over him."What if he comes back?" Jimin says, head turning nervously towards the door."He's staying at Hoseok's tonight; sudden crisis." Yoongi explained, as Jimin's eyes returned to his gaze and they shared a small, bashful smile before kissing sweetly. Yoongi's hands travelled down to creep underneath Jimin's shirt and he gulped down the heat he felt at the touch of the other boys smooth skin."Why..." He began, before trailing off to kiss further down Jimin's neck and pull the younger's shirt over his head."Why what?" Jimin asked, as he watched Yoongi's enchanted-like expression as he stared at his torso."Why am I feeling this?" He loved Jeongguk, so much. He loved coming home to Jeongguk's warm hugs, loved hearing Jeongguk's little chuckles escaping past his bunny teeth, loved Jeongguk's comforting words and soft touches when he has a bad day. Yeah, he loved Jeongguk. So why did Jimin make his heart beat a mile a minute, his palms drip with sweat, his stomach fizz with sparks? Why did a boy he barely knew make him feel things more vigorous than his own boyfriend ever made him feel?"I don't know, but, I'm feeling it too. We wouldn't be doing this if we didn't." Jimin said, as he rolled his head backwards onto the armrest when Yoongi licked around one of his nipples."Stop talking." Yoongi said, biting slightly against the nipple to make Jimin yelp slightly. Neither of them talked as Yoongi worked his way down Jimin's body. Neither of them talked as Yoongi's mouth worked wonders on Jimin. Neither of them talked as Yoongi slid inside Jimin's tight heat. Neither of them talked as they met each other's desperate thrusts. Neither of them talked as they came heavily, one after the other, mouths connected sloppily and hands clasped tightly together./-/-/-/-/-/  
First Time No.3
Jimin's leg jiggled nervously underneath the table as he checked his watch for the 14th time in the last 6 minutes that had passed since the time he and Yoongi agreed to meet. Of the near-countless number of times they had slept together, not one of those times was as nerve-wracking as this. This was at a coffee shop instead of one of their apartments or a seedy hotel, this was during the day instead of the safety of nighttime darkness, this was boyfriend-y stuff instead of just the excuse of lust or sexual frustration, this was taking whatever their relationship was one step further.He was about to give up hope when he felt a hand on his shoulder and a familiar voice behind him."Hey."He turned around and stood up in surprise. When he locked eyes with Yoongi he broke into a wide smile which had Yoongi leaning in to kiss Jimin square on the mouth. Jimin kissed back briefly before cutting him off and looking around the shop nervously as they sat down."You don't have to be so nervous, Jimin." Yoongi said, holding Jimin's hand and stroking it with his thumb in an act of comforting reassurance."I don't know. What if someone sees? Yoongi, do you realise how-""Yes, Jimin, of course I realise."There was a pause in awkward silence, before Jimin remembered something funny he had seen on facebook that day and, being the excitable chatterbox he was, began spurring off on a tangent on thoughts and exclamations. Yoongi sat back with a sigh, completely captured by Jimin's endearing talkativeness. He adored the way Jimin got so invested into such trivial things, admired the way he was so passionate about everything he does. He noticed the way Jimin would lick his lips into between sentences, brush his thumb against his lower lip when deep in thought, hum briefly when he couldn't find the right words, run a hand through his hair to keep it out of his face. And his most favourite thing of all; the way he would thrash his whole body into his angelic laugh, body radiating happiness and squirming around, his signature smile reaching right to his crescent eyes."Fuck." Yoongi suddenly spoke, interrupting Jimin's current rant about how the Kardashian's are just everywhere."What? What's wrong?" Jimin said, eyebrows furrowed in confusion and voice laced with concern."I'm in love with you.""Oh my god." Jimin breathed, his heart speeding up considerably and face flaring with a deep red blush. Yoongi let out a low laugh, smile spreading against his face as his laughs grew louder and booming. Jimin chuckles too, also starting hesitantly before allowing the joy to reign over him and laugh fully. They laughed til tears threatened to fall and their sides hurt, taking heavy breaths to calm down. When they were back to their senses, Yoongi leaned forward to take Jimin's head in his hands so they were face to face."Park Jimin, you are so beautiful and you make me feel like I'm constantly about to go on stage and I know it's wrong but I am so unapologetically in love with you." He didn't have time to say much more before Jimin's lips were on his, saying more than his endless words could ever.Yoongi pretended not to feel Jeongguk's heart breaking, pretended not to feel the pain he's causing, pretended not to know the consequence of breaking such a deep trust. For now, all he feels is Jimin.



Chapter End Notes
like im real sorry guys but im just yoonmin t r a sh okay


Jeongguk-centric
Chapter Notes
i listened to jungkook's cover of 'nothing like us' on repeat when writing this and got a lil bit ott-emo



It had been 12 days since Jeongguk's heart was broken. Actually, no, his heart was broken long before - that night was just the final straw. The last blow to his pained chest, the breaking point in what was left of their wilting relationship. He knew it was coming, but he would never in a million years have anticipated the intensity of the pain he would feel during the aftermath. He expected pain, naturally. The usual break up stuff; binge-eating, getting wasted, fucking out the memories.But God, he wished  it was as easy as that. He hasn't spoken to anyone bar Seokjin who came over to force him into a bath and empty out the fridge (last restocked 2 weeks ago, of course, because Jeongguk hasn't willingly stepped foot outside his room let alone his house)."Jeongguk, you need to eat." Seokjin sighed, as he rinsed the shampoo out of Jeongguk's hair whilst the younger sat in the tub with his shoulder's hunched, eyes boring into the tiled wall ahead of him. Seokjin swallowed dryly, running a hand down the bones of Jeongguk's spine, harshly striking through his translucent skin. His eyes roamed sadly up and down the younger's body, taking note of the ill state he was in; skin grey and pale, bones harsh and visible, joints fragile and weak. "You'll waste away...""I don't care." It was the first thing he'd said since Yoongi left the apartment with stuffed bags on each shoulder, and it was ironic. Ironic, because the state he was in showed how much he did care. Just not about himself."I do.""They don't." He didn't even have to explain who 'they' were, and for that he was thankful, because just saying their names would hurt even more. Seokjin sat back on his knees and rested his elbows over the side of the bath, reaching out to brush wet strands of hair from dripping into Jeongguk's eyes. "Look at me, Jeongguk." It was a simple enough request, which he soon came to regret as Jeongguk's empty and cold eyes stared nonchalantly at him. He took a deep breath. "I'm here for you. You can tell me anything.""How can I? How can I expect you to understand? Seokjin, do you know how it feels to be betrayed by the two people you love most?" Jeongguk had a point, and Seokjin knew this, pointedly avoiding his gaze out of shame or empathy or guilt. When he gave no response, Jeongguk carried on, temper starting to rise. "They didn't care, Jin, they never cared! They didn't even respect me. Everything in my life was a lie. It's all bullshit." Seokjin attempted to interrupt him, prove him wrong or comfort him before he got too hot headed. It was too late for that. The younger grabbed Seokjin by the chin, pulling his face to stare at his, so they could look each other in the eyes, so he could see his pain. "Why would I want to continue living in a world of false senses of security and being abused and manipulated and used by people who you give everything to? I gave them my time, money, my energy, my love, my life, fucking everything! What more could I have done? What was I not doing? Was I not... good enough?" His voice had retracted back to barely a whisper, cracking out the the last three syllables in a chokingly pained state.Jeongguk didn't remember much after that except from Seokjin cuddling him into bed and holding him as he cried himself to sleep./-/-/-/-/-/  "Thank you for letting me come here today. I really-""No, don't get the wrong idea, Yoongi. You came here to take your shit out of my house and get the fuck out of my life. So if you don't mind..." Jeongguk said, gesturing towards the open front door in which Yoongi was lingering with the last box.Yoongi lowered his head in acceptance, knowing full well that he was in no position to push boundaries here. Jeongguk deserved being the one to set the rules."I respect whatever you decide to do, but, for Jimin's sake... Please consider at least talking to him again. I understand hating me but-""A best friend has just as much importance and trust as a romantic partner, correct?" Jeongguk cut in. He raised his eyebrows when Yoongi stayed silent, finally edging a reluctant agreement out of him. "Therefore, if I am fucked over by both, it would only be fair to cut out both the toxic people here.""I wouldn't say toxic..." Yoongi said embarrassedly, looking down at his feet."Wouldn't you?!" Jeongguk said, voice high pitched in surprise at the audacity of Yoongi's protest. He let out a high laugh, eye brows raised. "Wow, Yoongi. What would you call yourselves then? Really I want to know." Jeongguk spat sarcastically."Why are you being like this? I've never seen this side of you before..." Yoongi said, willing his emotions to stay intact as he saw Jeongguk's mood instantly change to a sadder, deeper, calmer one."That's because I've never had my heart broken before now." He said simply, in a soft, distant voice. "I've never had to deal with people as cruel and heartless as you.""Jeongguk, please-" "Don't you see, Yoongi? I'm better off without you." Jeongguk said, whilst pushing him out of the door against much protest. "If you really ever loved me, you would understand that. I don't need you anymore, Yoongi."That hurt like a punch to the face. It hurt even more when he went home to Jimin to relay the news. Don't shoot the messenger, they say, but what about if the messenger wants to shoot himself? Looking Jimin in his puppy dog eyes and telling him that his best friend never wanted to see him again had rendered him distraught, feeling like he's to blame for Jimin's sadness.Jimin thought that would be it, that as soon as he and Yoongi were able to freely be together then all his problems would be solved and life would be perfect. He hadn't thought how badly it would hurt losing Jeongguk; not having his funny, bright, enthusiastic, dorky, adorable best friend around. When Yoongi had returned with the news that Jeongguk hated him and never wanted to see him again, he broke down into tears, sobbing into Yoongi's arms. It was hard, starting their proper relationship with pain and tears and guilt and frustration, such that they might never get over.Was it worth it?The question was unspoken between them almost everyday. It haunted Jimin's thoughts and riddled him with guilt. But then Yoongi would look at him with eyes that feel like home and kiss him softly and it would just feel so right that any previous doubts were banished entirely into Yoongi's warmth. If anything were to be his motivation for getting through this pain, it's Yoongi./-/-/-/-/-/ "I'm glad you came over, tonight, Jeongguk. It's nice to have you back." Hoseok said, slapping him on the back and handing him a can of beer."It's good to be back. In some twisted way, this whole thing has been kind of... freeing, eye-opening." He said, cracking it open and watching the liquid fizz over the top before sipping it up and feeling the bitterness down his throat."Really? Dude you literally got cheated on by you boyfriend and best fr-""Hoseok!" Seokjin cut in, side eyeing Jeongguk's reaction in case the loud-mouthed man had said the wrong thing. Jeongguk only laughed."It's fine, Jin. What happened, happened. And yeah it hurt like a bitch but, what can I say, I get past things easily." Jeongguk shrugged a casual brag.Seokjin raised his eyebrows slightly, "You get past things easily? Does having your friend forcing you to get in the bath and personally wash you himself count as getting past things?" He said jokingly."I'm sure he appreciates that you did that Jin, but, I'm not sure how much good that sentence does to your heterosexual reputation..." Hoseok laughed, before promptly being whacked around the head. "It's not like I wanked over it! God!" Seokjin loudly protested, reaching over for another can. "Damn, that was the last one." He said, gesturing to Jeongguk's drink."Don't worry, I'm on it." Jeongguk said, rising to his feet and pulling on his jacket, eager to take a break from the contrastingly excitable environment than the last weeks had held for him."Get a light too, I'm out!" He heard Hoseok call from behind him as he slammed the door on his way out.The weather was shit, dark and wet, his feet slapping in puddles and he crossed the road to the corner newsagents. He knew that Seokjin and Hoseok had seen right through his 'i'm over this' facade. He wasn't selling it well, he'd never been much of an actor, and one look in eyes showed the half-emptiness that consumed them. So he was grateful to his friends for playing along, acting as though he was his usual self. He had been half-scared that Seokjin would be weird after the bath, or even that he might take sides with Yoongi, or that - "Fuck, I'm so sorry! Shit I swore! Oh my god, I'm sorry!" Jeongguk shook his head a little from his position on the ground after something had forcefully pushed his shoulder hard enough to knock him over and out of his trance of thoughts. He looked up to see who was rambling, to find a boy with blonde hair and a apologetic box-smile plastered onto his soft face staring down at him, hand extended to help Jeongguk up.He reached out for the hand, marvelling in the softness of the other's palm against his own, and neither boy let go even when Jeongguk was now face-to-face with him. He was handsome, typically attractive, and even more so when his face flushed with colour under Jeongguk's silent stare. The younger just continued to watch the boy in fascination, as he lifted a hand and waved it in front of his face, giving a boyish giggle."I'm Taehyung. Kim Taehyung."




Afterword


End Notes
I was so mean to jungkook im sorry TT.TT


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



