



Hold You Close Tonight - orphan_account - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Hold You Close, Tonight And Always
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10721967.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Top Jeon Jungkook, Bottom Kim Taehyung | V, Power Bottom Kim Taehyung | V, Anal Fingering, Riding, Barebacking, Taehyung wears a choker, Jeon Jungkook is a Tease, Strip Tease, Canon Compliant, Birthday Sex, Anal Sex
Stats:

        Published: 2017-04-25
        Words: 9064
      

Hold You Close, Tonight And Always
by orphan_account
Summary
It's Taehyung's birthday and Jeongguk decides to offer himself as a present.
Notes
they said i couldnt do it....

          See the end of the work for more notes




Hold You Close, Tonight And Always

One of the best things about celebrating your birthday at the dorms is that you get to drink as much as you want without having to worry about who’s watching. Taehyung may not be a very careful person in general, but he tends to become just a little wilder than he normally is when he’s drunk. So it’s like that, with Jeongguk and Taehyung tucked against each other on the sofa in Jeongguk’s bedroom, backs to the soft cushioning and a bottle of soju that Jeongguk had sneaked in from the kitchen in Taehyung’s hands. A sort of birthday celebration for when they’re both too tired to do anything else. They have the entire day to celebrate and Jeongguk did promise to take him out on a proper date come morning, but for now, this is fine.“I’m still kinda disappointed you didn’t give me a present though,” Taehyung says, pouting in the exaggerated way he usually does when he’s just joking. He isn’t drunk enough to look completely comical but Jeongguk knows he’s having fun anyway. “You don’t love me, do you?”Jeongguk pokes Taehyung in the side and frowns “Don’t be like that,” he says “I told you it’d come tomorrow morning, right?”“You say that but you’ll still have to make it up to me somehow.”Jeongguk takes a sip from the bottle and shakes it in Taehyung’s direction. “You can have the last sip from this bottle.”Taehyung huffs. “That’s cheap.”“I’ll let you win on Mario kart when we play.”“I would have kicked your ass anyway,” he says “You’re not even trying are you?”Jeongguk hums, thinking about it. “I can go tease the hyungs for you?”“Nah. Let them sleep,” he says, laughing. “They need their rest.”Jeongguk sighs, getting up to throw the empty bottle into the trashcan and stretching his legs in the process. The bottle slips from his fingers for a second and Jeongguk quickly bends down to pick it up before it can crash to the floor. Taehyung catches the way the muscles of his thighs strain against his jeans and it makes something strange flutter in the pit of his stomach.“You could just—” Jeongguk begins, pauses when he turns to look at Taehyung. “Why are you looking at me like that?”Taehyung swallows. “Since you’re standing already why don’t you dance a bit?”“Dance?” Jeongguk frowns “That’s all we’ve done today, hyung.”“I like watching you dance. Do it for me, Jeonggukie.”Jeongguk heaves a sigh, sounding more tired than he probably is before nodding. “Alright.”Taehyung grins, leaning against the wall and making himself comfortable, pulling the blanket tighter around himself as Jeongguk straightens his legs and nocks his head to the side in his let’s do this face.“Don’t expect much,” Jeongguk says “You’ve seen part of this already.”Taehyung hums, gestures with his hands for Jeongguk to start dancing. It’s a new choreo, Taehyung thinks, when he notices the way Jeongguk’s feet are positioned and the way he moves his body, slow at first as he moves side to side, and then rolling his hips and snapping straight with a pop of his elbows. Taehyung grins, leaning forward without meaning to as Jeongguk really starts moving, faster with each beat of his feet against the floor and Taehyung thinks that the dance would only be better with music.“I’m going to play some music,” he says “You’re such a good dancer.”Jeongguk looks at him as he dances, grinning with a sense of pride that Taehyung knows always means he’s truly happy with the praise. Taehyung quickly sifts through his phone for a song, finds that he only has his workout playlist right now. He shrugs, plays the first song and sets the phone back down. The music is loud, a fast enough beat that usually makes Taehyung want to run a few miles on the treadmill, and it fits the way Jeongguk dances right now, all powerful moves and pops of his limbs that are far too attractive to Taehyung right now. There’s something about the way Jeongguk moves his body, the careful way he holds himself and rolls his body, the way he shifts and pulls the sleeves of his shirt up to his elbows. The way his thigh muscles flex every time he bends down and moves his hands down his chest.Jeongguk is looking at Taehyung, eyes intense in a way that they always get when he’s particularly into the dance and the song. He thinks it might have been the music, because it’s a deeper and sultrier bass than Taehyung remembers and it only makes Jeongguk’s movements slower in time with it. Taehyung swallows, because Jeongguk is looking right at him and there’s something in his eyes that wasn’t there a few moments ago, a spark of something Taehyung has seen before. Jeongguk bends down, turns around so that all Taehyung can see is the way the fabric of his button down clings so tightly to him, outlining the contours of his body as he breathes in and out. Jeongguk moves his hips and turns his head just the slightest so that their eyes meet again. He rolls his hips, slower this time, and Taehyung is sure that Jeongguk isn’t following the choreo anymore. Every move seems intentional— from the way he turns around again to look at him, huffs out a breath and unbuttons the top of his shirt.“Feeling hot?” Taehyung asks, because he doesn’t know what else to do with Jeongguk moving like that, slow steps forward until he’s only a few feet away from Taehyung. He bends down low, fingertips trailing down the seam of his buttons and hanging right there, at the edge of the second buttonhole. Taehyung can’t stop staring at the way he can see a little bit of Jeongguk’s chest when leans down just low enough.“A little,” Jeongguk says and Taehyung can see the way he’s trying so hard not to grin.“You should take it off then,” Taehyung supplies conversationally. A part of him is glad for the way the blanket covers his body because his fingers are itching to reach out and pull Jeongguk towards him and take the shirt off for him instead.Jeongguk hums, standing straighter again, still swaying to the music and playing with the buttons of his shirt, popping another one open and letting the neck of his shirt droop lower, the fabric pulling aside so that Taehyung can see his collarbones and the dip of his sternum. Jeongguk’s dancing is a lot slower now, unhurried steps and simple side to side sways, every move so conscious in the way they show off each part of his body that Jeongguk knows Taehyung can’t resist. The fabric of his shirt strains against his chest and Jeongguk reaches his arms out, playing with his hair, the muscles of his arms flexing in a way that Taehyung hopes was not intentional but still makes something heavy settle in the pit of his stomach. Taehyung swallows, sets his hands on his lap and says a little prayer inside his head. He knows he’s staring and part of him knows that Jeongguk wants it like that, his eyes on him until he can’t keep his hands to himself anymore.Jeongguk is slow in unbuttoning his shirt, letting the fabric hang off his shoulders until Taehyung can see the top of his shoulder and his collarbones on full display. Every time he slips the shirt lower, humming to himself as he pops open another button, he rolls his shoulders and tips his head back as if keeping that shirt on himself physically pains him. Taehyung would be more than happy to pull it off in one swift motion and splay his hands over his abs, trace the way the ridges of his ribs feels against his fingers, the way his nipples would be pert under his fingertips. One look at Jeongguk is enough to tell him that Jeongguk knows exactly what he’s thinking of. Jeongguk smirks, takes a few steps further away from Taehyung until he’s tapping his fingers impatiently against his leg, trying hard to ignore the way his pants suddenly feel just a little tighter.Jeongguk is taking his shirt off and Taehyung wants to heave a sigh of relief but what comes out instead is a groan that would have made him flush if this was the first time he’d done it in front of Jeongguk. Right now, with Jeongguk looking at him through half lidded eyes, shirt hanging off his wrists below the waist of his jeans and back in full display, he doesn’t know why he’s still sitting with a blanket covering him when he feels so, so hot all of a sudden.“You alright there, Tae?” Jeongguk asks, clearly enjoying himself as he dances, cocking his head to the side as he looks at him. He tosses his shirt to the floor, a few feet away from where Taehyung is seated, his hands are tracing up and down his body, sighing dreamily as he traces his own abs, fingers ghosting over his stomach the way Taehyung’s fingers always do. Taehyung can feel the way his cheeks flush darker as he stares at Jeongguk’s fingers and the veins of his arms, impossibly out of reach even with Jeongguk slowly walking closer to him.“Come over here,” Taehyung ends up saying and he’s already pushing the blanket off him and gesturing towards his lap “You’re too far away.”“I’m still dancing, hyung,” he says, frowning even as he walks towards him, each step painfully slow “Let me show you all of it.”“You’re a tease,” he says and Taehyung isn’t sure he’s even mad, not with the way Jeongguk squats down right at that moment, the muscles of his thighs straining against the fabric of his jeans and outlining every inch of his body— the way in clings to his legs, the way it’s so tight against his crotch and the way his ass is right in front of him, close enough to touch. “Let me touch you.”Jeongguk huffs out a laugh, puts his hands on the floor and lowers his body until he’s nearly seated on the floor. Taehyung thinks that’s the end of the dance, with the way the music is already fading away, lapsing into the next song and Taehyung sighs, a little at the loss, a little in relief because he can finally touch him. Instead, just as he shifts a little from his seat, Jeongguk leans back, hands still on the floor as he thrusts his hips up, thighs opening and closing with each push of his hips. His legs are open, right in front of Taehyung and Taehyung swallows, willing his eyes to meet Jeongguk’s gaze, eyes dark and hooded. Taehyung stares at Jeongguk’s legs and the way each thrust of his hips is like a message to him, a reminder of everything that he can do with those legs of his curled around Taehyung’s body, thrusting into him until all Taehyung can think about is Jeongguk and the way he knows exactly what drives him insane.“Fuck, Jeongguk—” Taehyung doesn’t know what he wants to say, only that he wants, and that every cell of his body is screaming for him to get up and push Jeongguk down, settle himself on top of him and ask him to fuck him “You have no idea what you’re doing to me.”“Should I stop?” Jeongguk asks, all feigned nonchalance. The way his cheeks are flushed red with the way Taehyung’s eyes are on him, barely contained lust in his eyes.“No way,” Taehyung says and he wonders if it’s a giveaway of how gone he is already that he sounds so eager “Just—just come over here.”Jeongguk hums, thrusts his hips one last time with such force that Taehyung’s cheeks flush red. “Alright,” he says, walking over towards Taehyung and Taehyung can feel himself physically relax the closer he gets, hands itching to touch and heart hammering loud in his chest “But you have to promise me something.”“Birthday boys don’t make promises,” Taehyung grins cheekily, reaching out with his hands until Jeongguk comes and stands between his legs and puts his hands on his shoulders. Taehyung closes his eyes into the touch, the way Jeongguk’s fingers teasingly skirt against the side of his neck and curl around his hair.“Birthday boys don’t get their presents if they’re too eager,” Jeongguk says, voice dropping to a whisper as he settles down on top of Taehyung’s lap, legs splayed open and hips dragging slowly over Taehyung’s crotch and the rather obvious bulge in his jeans. “You have to promise.”“Make me,” Taehyung says, because he knows that always riles Jeongguk up the best. A challenge. His eyes glint with intent and he tries to ignore the way each and every drag of Jeongguk’s ass across his crotch makes him want to close his eyes and sigh into the hot air between them. Jeongguk is so close, hot breath fanning across his cheeks as he bites his lip, drags himself slowly across Taehyung’s lap and settles his hands on Taehyung’s shoulders.“No touching,” Jeongguk says, lips so close to Taehyung’s ear that he can almost feel them brush against his skin. Jeongguk licks a stripe against his ear and Taehyung whimpers, letting out a moan at the feeling of Jeongguk’s lips against his ear, the way his teeth bite just once against his piercing before letting go. “No touching me unless I ask you to. No touching yourself either.”Taehyung whines at the loss of warmth as Jeongguk tips his head back, far away that Taehyung can’t feel the warmth of his lips against his neck anymore. “That’s a lot to ask,” he says, aware that his voice comes out a little more wrecked than he would prefer “The gift better be worth it.”It’s hard to put his hands to the side when Jeongguk grins at him, all mystery and barely contained desire as he drags his hands over Taehyung’s chest, rolling his body on top of him in time with each of his movements. Taehyung closes his eyes and lets himself feel the way Jeongguk’s rough hands dance over him, tracing every line of his body and tugging at him closer, slowly unbuttoning his shirt with each drag of his finger down his chest. Each breath that leaves Taehyung’s lips feels louder to him as he feels Jeongguk’s hands on him, the slow grind of his thighs atop Taehyung’s and the way the rough fabric of their jeans is just a little too restrictive.“Feel good?” Jeongguk asks, voice rough with want, and Taehyung wants to snap at him because it’s driving him insane, really, but instead, he just smiles through the way he wants to spontaneously combust with the desire to touch and nods.“Perfect,” he says and he’s glad for the way his voice doesn’t sound as bad anymore. He pushes his hips up just in time with the roll of Jeongguk’s body and is pleased to hear the way Jeongguk’s breathing stutters and then picks back up, faster and more labored. “You sure I should keep my hands off?”“Absolutely sure,” Jeongguk says, and he’s leaning closer again, eyes half lidded and dazed, his movements getting slower with each drag of their bodies against the other’s. Taehyung thrusts up once more, just because he knows it’s driving Jeongguk insane. A little piece of revenge “Hold my hands.”Normally, Taehyung would have protested but with the way things are right now, his self-restraint has been reduced to the size of a microscopic grain of sand. He doesn’t even bother putting up a show of thinking about it as he reaches out and grabs Jeongguk’s hands and lets him drag them over his body in time with every roll of Jeongguk’s hips. Taehyung closes his eyes shut, suddenly at a loss of breath as he lets Jeongguk’s hands guide his over his abs, the way every muscle is so toned and perfect, the way his nipples are just the way he’d imagined them, hard under his fingertips, enough to make Jeongguk let out a sigh as he lets himself play with them. Taehyung lets Jeongguk move his hands, settling them over his stomach and dragging them lower, towards the hem of his jeans.“Help me out, won’t you?” Jeongguk says, resting his head on the curve of Taehyung’s shoulder so that his breath fans across his skin, so unbearably hot.“I thought I wasn’t supposed to touch you.” Taehyung says, and he wonders if it’s a mistake to say that. Jeongguk stops rolling his hips, hands pausing where they’d stopped at the hem, hooked around the waistband of his black underwear.“Not unless I ask. And I’m asking you now,” Jeongguk says, just a tinge of impatience in his voice. Taehyung laughs and Jeongguk drags his ass over Taehyung’s bulge with more force than necessary just to shut him up. “So help me out, hyung.”“Sure thing,” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk is quick to put Taehyung’s hands to work, looping them around the button of his jeans. Taehyung clicks his tongue as he pops the button open and slides the zipper down, taking his sweet time with it only to hear Jeongguk let out short little sounds of impatience. “Eager, aren’t you?”Jeongguk doesn’t bother to reply to that, only lets Taehyung pull the zipper down until it’s open all the way and Taehyung can see the bulge of Jeongguk’s half hard cock straining beneath his underwear. Taehyung looks up at Jeongguk, only to find him looking right at him, lips so close that they could have kissed. Taehyung leans forward, fingers slowly sliding inside his jeans and hooking around the edge of Jeongguk’s waistband. He palms at the bulge just a little and Jeongguk moans, lips so red from where he’d been biting down at them as Taehyung had unzipped his jeans, and Taehyung wants nothing more to kiss them, take every breath that leaves his lips and make it his own.Instead, Jeongguk leans back again, dragging his body until his ass is no longer touching Taehyung’s crotch and slowly pulls Taehyung’s hands away from him as he stands up before Taehyung can comprehend what’s happening. A part of him is still reeling from the loss of warmth and the fact that Jeongguk just denied him a kiss, and a part of him is still staring, in awe, at the way Jeongguk is standing again, rolling his hips in time to the rhythm and making no excuses about the way he’s looking at him every time he thrusts his lips and lowers his jeans, taking his sweet time to slide them off. Every few inches of skin that Jeongguk shows is almost like slow torture with the way he pulls it back up, reaches down and bends down to gyrate his hips in time to the music. Taehyung wants to pull at his hair as much as he wants to pull at Jeongguk’s hair and bite down on his lips, but for now he stays where he’s seated, with a horribly obvious erection and a painfully loud heartbeat.When Jeongguk finally slides his pants off, Taehyung thinks he’s not the only one who heaves a sigh of relief. Taehyung can tell how hard Jeongguk is just from where he’s seated, the cotton of his underwear strained and just a little wet as he hooks his fingers around the waistband.Taehyung stands up, suddenly impatient, and walks over to Jeongguk, watches the way his eyes lower and focus on how Taehyung walks, careful and slow. There’s the slightest shift in movement and Taehyung can tell how Jeongguk’s hands pause on the edge of his waistband. Taehyung smiles sweetly at him and stops, just a few inches away from him, feet close enough that the tips of their toes touch. Jeongguk waits and Taehyung can almost hear the way his heart beats in chest, both from the dance and from something more—anticipating.“Need a hand?” Taehyung asks, fingers skirting up and down Jeongguk’s chest like spider legs, waiting, teasing.“Since you’re here anyway,” Jeongguk says, and his voice is low, barely audible. His hand latches onto Taehyung’s and pulls it slowly down, helping him on his way to the waistband. Taehyung takes that as encouragement and lets both his hands splay out on Jeongguk’s chest, fingers hooking onto the fabric of his underwear and stepping closer to him. Their chests are touching now and Taehyung can feel the way the air between them shifts, turning into something just a little less playful, a little more impatient.“You’re a tease,” Taehyung says, huffing out a laugh as he does. Jeongguk is looking at him, eyes hooded, flitting down towards Taehyung’s lips. Taehyung tugs lightly at Jeongguk’s underwear, just a teasing little touch that makes Jeongguk’s breath stutter for a few seconds. “Making me sit there while you take your clothes off.”“I thought it would have been fun to watch.” Jeongguk’s fingers tug at Taehyung’s.Taehyung hums, uses the hold of his fingers to pull Jeongguk towards him and slow rolls his hips. The shuddering sigh that leaves Jeongguk’s lips is enough to make Taehyung’s stomach roil low with heat and he does it again, slower, each second of contact drawn out until he can’t keep himself from reacting. Jeongguk’s eyes flutter shut and Taehyung knows where this will go.“You’re confident,” Taehyung says, lips close to Jeongguk’s ears, whispering it like a dirty secret between them “How can you be sure I liked it?”Jeongguk laughs a little at that, letting Taehyung part his legs open with his knee until their thighs are pressed close together and Taehyung can feel the way Jeongguk’s cock is half hard against his own, the way the fabric between them is something he wants to be rid of.“You liked it,” Jeongguk says simply.“Did I?” a roll of his hips and Jeongguk lets out a groan.“And you call me a tease,” he says “You’re no better.”Taehyung shifts a little and Jeongguk is confused for the few moments that it takes for him to see how he’s being pushed back. Taehyung leading and Jeongguk being led along until the back of his legs hits the bed and Taehyung pushes him down with a single hand. Taehyung loves the way Jeongguk lets Taehyung pull him along, setting up the pace for everything when he wants, and Taehyung loves the way he gets to have that control over Jeongguk, legs sliding atop Jeongguk’s until he’s lying with his back on the mattress and Taehyung atop him, hands on his chest.“I’m not teasing you now, am I?” Taehyung asks, a hint of a laugh in his voice.Jeongguk’s staring at him, hands on Taehyung’s hips and cheek’s flushed red. Taehyung leans down until their breaths mingle together, noses brushing just the slightest and from here, Taehyung can smell the light scent of sweet perfume, the kind that Taehyung only likes on Jeongguk. “What do you want to do, Jeongguk-ah?”“I want you to tell me,” he says, swallowing “Since it’s your birthday.”“Oh? Are you my present for now?” Taehyung laughs, nuzzling his cheek in the crook of Jeongguk’s neck and blowing a puff of air there. Jeongguk shivers just the slightest, fingers digging a little harder over Taehyung’s hipbones.Jeongguk turns his head to the side so that Taehyung is no longer nuzzling him. Instead, he reaches out and loops his arms around Taehyung’s neck, pulling him closer so that Jeongguk’s lips brush against Taehyung’s cheeks. There’s a light smile on Jeongguk’s lips that makes Taehyung look at him for a few moments too long, enraptured.“I’ll be your present for now,” Jeongguk says “So hurry up and tell me what you want.”“You know what I want,” he says “So stop playing around and kiss me.”“We kissed before,” Jeongguk says, grinning just a little wider “When we ate cake.”“A proper kiss,” Taehyung huffs, leaning forward to pull at Jeongguk’s bottom lip with his teeth. Jeongguk lets out a sound of surprise before leaning into him, tugging at Taehyung’s hair and letting his lips part “Since you’ve gone through the trouble of taking off your clothes and all.”“You’re still wearing yours,” Jeongguk says and his lips brush Taehyung’s, warm and so soft “That’s unfair.”“Maybe if you’d actually let me,” Taehyung says and he can feel the way his voice drops lower at the suggestion “I could put on a show for you too.”Taehyung wants to laugh when Jeongguk lets out a strangled noise, somewhere in between surprise and arousal but the way he nods before pressing a quick kiss to Taehyung’s temple holds him back from doing so. Instead, Taehyung leans in and drags his hips across Jeongguk’s, pulls him up for a proper kiss this time because they’re both waiting for it, lips parted and breaths hot against each other’s.The first kiss is unhurried, mouths hot against each other’s and hands roaming because they have all the time in the world to do this even if the feeling of Jeongguk’s mouth is something that drives Taehyung just a little insane. The way his abs feel when he lets his fingertips glide over them and the way Jeongguk’s breathing quickens with every kiss pressed to his lips and every slight glide of their tongues against each other’s.Taehyung thinks he could get used to this, really, the way their mouths move against each other’s hot and wet, the way Jeongguk’s tongue is inside Taehyung’s mouth and slowly driving him insane with the way it goes in just a little deeper each time so that he can feel every inch of Taehyung. Taehyung thinks he could have gotten used to it if it hadn’t been for the way he could feel the way Jeongguk was rolling his hips under him until it was impossible to ignore how his pants were getting far too tight and how his stomach roiled with heat every time he did it. The short little gasps that leave Jeongguk’s lips every time Taehyung moves on top of him even the slightest aren’t much help either so Taehyung does the one thing he’s best at, on moments like these.He pulls away, biting at Jeongguk’s bottom lip just hard enough for him to let out a moan, something that Taehyung hadn’t been expecting and something that definitely turns him on more than he would have liked.“What—why’d you stop?” Jeongguk asks and Taehyung feels just a little bad for stopping just so he could adjust his breathing again. His head is spinning a little and the way Jeongguk looks at him, a little confused, makes him want to lean down and kiss him senseless again.“Because,” he says simply, shimmying on top of Jeongguk until his legs are properly pressed against Jeongguk’s thighs again and he can feel the way he’s still so pliant under him. He straightens himself, a little mad at himself because they’re not kissing anymore, and quickly starts working at the buttons of his shirt.“Clothes off?” Jeongguk asks, and the hopefulness is back in his voice.Taehyung nods. “Clothes off.”“I’ll get the condoms and—” Jeongguk begins, shuffling a little so that he can be free of Taehyung’s hold on his legs. Taehyung clamps his legs around him a little tighter. “What?”“Not yet,” he says “Watch me.”Jeongguk looks a little winded as he nods quietly and lies back down, eyes on Taehyung as he begins to take his shirt off. It’s nothing too dramatic, just a slow unbuttoning of his shirt that has nothing on the way Jeongguk had stripped before him a few minutes ago but it’s still something that Taehyung knows Jeongguk likes to watch.“Okay,” Jeongguk says, voice barely above a whisper “Okay.”Taehyung grins, all sweet smiles as he pulls his shirt down, slowly sliding out his arms until it’s nearly off. Jeongguk’s hands are at his sides, holding him carefully as if he’s not sure of what to do with them. Taehyung thinks it’s a fun shift, this, the way Jeongguk holds himself so still as Taehyung moves on top of him, eyes on him the entire while. It’s a slow kind of dance that they like to play sometimes when neither of them are in a rush to finish too fast, dancing around each other and riling up the other until it becomes too much to bear.Jeongguk’s fingers are digging into the waistband of Taehyung’s jeans and he moves a little so that Jeongguk has better access, canting his hips so that unbuttoning them is a lot faster. The zip comes sliding down and Taehyung lets out an exaggerated sigh of relief that has Jeongguk’s cheeks turning a deeper shade of red.“You too,” Taehyung says in between shifting his legs so he can take off his pants and trying not to get a little too caught up in the way Jeongguk’s hands are all over his body now, sliding down his sides and caressing his skin “Off.”“You’re demanding today,” Jeongguk says, a trace of laughter in his voice “Getting impatient hyung?”“We’ve been at it for a while now,” Taehyung says, hands on Jeongguk’s so he can hurry up and take off his underwear. Taehyung can feel the way the fabric at the front is getting wet and when he slides his own pants off he finds them in much the same condition. “Let’s get on with it already.”“You still haven’t told me what you want, though,” Jeongguk says, even as he quickly shifts to let Taehyung pull the underwear off his legs and fling it carelessly to the side and off the bed. Jeongguk watches it go, heaves a sigh at the mess they’re making on the floor, and then heaves a louder sigh when Taehyung wraps his fingers around Jeongguk’s cock.“I want you to fuck me,” he says, because as much as he’d love to fuck Jeongguk too, he’s spent a far longer time wanting to feel the way Jeongguk moves inside him, the way his legs wrap around him, the way his arms are always strong enough to hold him steady when he’s falling apart under him “I want to ride you.”Jeongguk takes a shuddering breath “What else?”Taehyung makes a show of thinking about it. “No condoms.”Jeongguk frowns. “You sure about that?” he asks, shifting a little to let Taehyung sit to the side of the bed while he moves to open the drawer with supplies that Taehyung usually keeps “I thought you didn’t like the way it felt when I—”Taehyung shakes his head. “I want to feel all of you. I want you to come inside me,” he says, and then just because Jeongguk doesn’t look too convinced, he leans down and presses a soft kiss to his lips, squeezes his cock just a little so that he thinks about things other than coming inside of Taehyung. Jeongguk moans and Taehyung doesn’t think he’ll mind all that much with the way he’s holding onto Taehyung, eyes shutting closed “I’ll be fine. You know I’m usually kidding when I say I don’t like it.”“Usually,” Jeongguk says when Taehyung finally lets him go to get the lube. “As long as it’s what you’ll like the most.”“Sex with you is what I like the most, Jeongguk-ah,” Taehyung teases “What’re you talking about?”“That’s real smooth, hyung,” Jeongguk says and Taehyung wonders why he’s taking so long. It’s a little cold having to wait naked on the bed without a body to cling to but he’ll wait. He’s still rummaging through the drawers. “Do you talk to everyone like that?”“Nope,” he says, like it’s a fond little discovery he’s just made “Just you.”Jeongguk heaves a sigh and Taehyung thinks he’s finally found the lube. He’s turning towards him now, grinning a little as he crawls back to his side and sets the bottle down in front of Taehyung. There’s a small box in his hand too and Taehyung frowns.“What’s that?” he asks as Jeongguk fumbles with the little latch at the front.“A little something,” he says, grinning now. Taehyung’s frown deepens. The box looks like something that would hold jewelry in it.“Wait, were you lying about the gift thing?” he asks, amused “Jeongguk-ah you really had me fooled.”“Well it’s no fun if I just up and give it to you.” And he’s finally done opening the box and he takes it out, the sound of metal links clinking.“Yeah and it’s a lot cooler giving it to me when we’re both naked?” he says, laughing as Jeongguk scoots closer and extends his hand to Taehyung. There’s a necklace in his hands, or is it a choker? Blue stones shining in the dim lighting of the room. Taehyung flushes.“I want you to wear it,” he says and Taehyung nods quietly, a little at a loss. “I thought it would look good on you.”“Put it on me,” he says, whispering it because he doesn’t know what else to say. His heart is beating loudly in his chest and he wonders if Jeongguk can hear when he moves to put it on him, close enough that their chests touch. Taehyung feels the way Jeongguk’s heart beats, a slow and steady thrum.Jeongguk’s arms loop around his neck and the choker is cold around his neck, a thin band of nothing but sapphires that latch perfectly around his throat. It’s just a little tight, pressing against him so that every time he breathes, he can feel how it’s held against his throat. Taehyung loves the feeling.“Now I’m all yours,” he says because Jeongguk is a little too quiet as he looks at him, waiting for a reaction. He smiles, beckons Jeongguk closer and presses a kiss to his ear, his neck, his throat.“Do you like it?” Jeongguk asks, uncertain.“Being yours?” Taehyung asks, teasing “Of course I do.”“I meant the choker but—” he coughs “That’s fine too.”“Come here,” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk is already in his arms so he presses the words like kisses to his throat and his jaw. “I love it, you know I do.”Jeongguk shivers, letting Taehyung play with him until they’re both kissing again, slower, deeper kisses and Taehyung is sighing into Jeongguk’s mouth and Jeongguk’s tongue is slowly curling around Taehyung’s, a give and take until they’re both breathless and Jeongguk is falling back into the mattress, pulling Taehyung on top of him as he does.They’re a little more impatient with their hands now, Jeongguk’s palms burning like fire as they travel down his back, rubbing slow circles until Taehyung is arching into every touch, breathing out heavy moans against Jeongguk’s lips as he caresses every part of his body, fingers dancing over his skin like spider legs. Taehyung lets his hands roam from Jeongguk’s chest to his stomach, to his hipbones until Jeongguk is thrusting shallowly into him, cock sliding against Taehyung’s stomach. Taehyung lets himself feel it, the way Jeongguk’s thighs are pushing at Taehyung’s legs until they’re spread open atop him and he can feel every inch of their bodies touching. Taehyung shudders and Jeongguk takes that moment to let his hands stop. Paused right on the curve of his ass, fingers so close to his entrance, teasing.“Come on,” Taehyung says, shifting back so that the press of Jeongguk’s fingers is tighter and he can feel the way Jeongguk circles one finger teasingly at the edge “Lube time, Jeongguk-ah.”“Already?” Jeongguk asks, teasing. Taehyung pinches Jeongguk’s nipple until he’s groaning “I thought we were just having fun.”“This is fun,” he says “But it’ll be more fun once you’re inside me.”Jeongguk flushes and Taehyung had expected it, because even after the amount of time they’ve spent curled into one another, Jeongguk still reacts like a newbie when it comes to dirty talk sometimes. He laughs, pinches Jeongguk once more before shoving the bottle in his direction and popping it open for Jeongguk.Jeongguk quietly takes it, squirting a liberal amount of it into his hands. Taehyung thinks it’s a bit too much, but Jeongguk seems to know what he’s doing most of the time so he lets him be. Watches the way the liquid glistens thick over his long, thick fingers, the way he rubs them slowly to warm the liquid for Taehyung. Taehyung swallows, because the sight of Jeongguk’s fingers just before they enter him is something that’s always been a bit of a turn on for him, how thick they are and how good they feel inside him, working him open until he’s ready. He can feel himself shaking at the thought and he wonders if it’s because of how long it’s been since he’s felt them that he can’t hold back the way he moans when Jeongguk finally pulls him close and pushes a single finger inside.“You alright, Tae?” Jeongguk asks, finger pausing right at the edge until Taehyung is pushing back at it, wanting it deeper “I hope it doesn’t hurt.”“Stop worrying,” he grits out, breathless with want “I want it all the way in.”“Alright,” Jeongguk says, pushes further and Taehyung knows it’s not enough, even with the way he feels how tight he is right now. “I’ll go slow.”“I want it faster,” he says, shaking his head, pulling a little at Jeongguk’s hair because he knows that always riles him up faster than anything else. “Come on.”Jeongguk huffs out a laugh and shakes his head. Continues to play with just that single finger inside him until Taehyung is shaking with the feeling of warmth that washes over him with every light brush of his fingertip inside him. Taehyung can feel himself being stretched out and he knows Jeongguk can too. He nods once, presses a kiss to Jeongguk’s lips and lets the second finger slowly enter him.“Keep going,” Taehyung says and he doesn’t know if he’s actually saying the words out loud or if it’s just the sounds of his breathless pants filling the room. He reaches out and takes hold of Jeongguk’s erection, pumping slowly up and down so that he can feel the muscles of Jeongguk’s thighs tighten around Taehyung’s hips. “Just like that.”“You look so beautiful,” Jeongguk says, sounding a little in awe “I wish I could fuck you just like this. Right now.”“Then why don’t you?” Taehyung says, letting out a particularly loud moan when Jeongguk’s fingers brush against his prostate and he sees white for a few seconds. He’s breathing hard and he can feel Jeongguk in much the same condition, just from this. With lube slicked fingers and the feeling of Jeongguk’s thick legs right under him. “I’m ready.”“A little more,” Jeongguk says “One more?”“It’s all the same once you’re inside me,” Taehyung huffs, feeling a drop of sweat trickle down his back “And I like the feeling of your dick better anyway.”Jeongguk huffs out a breath as if he can’t quite comprehend what Taehyung is saying, pushes another finger inside and quickening his pace as he thrusts them in and out of him until Taehyung is a shivering mess of panting breaths and scattered thoughts. He’s barely holding himself upright and every second of the sensation makes him want nothing more than to come right then and there but he knows that won’t be a lot of fun once he’s down from the high. He shakes his head and reaches out to put a hand of Jeongguk’s chest, pushing him away.“Enough,” he says, voice nearly coming out as a whine “Take your fingers out.”“You have the lube,” Jeongguk says, slowly taking out his fingers from inside Taehyung.Taehyung lets out a strangled noise at the loss of feeling and the way his body seems to suddenly feel horribly empty, body clenching around nothing. He quickly reaches for the bottle of lube and coats it on his own fingers, taking Jeongguk’s cock—leaking with precome and achingly red—and slicking it up quickly. Jeongguk hisses a little at the feeling but keeps a steadying hand on Taehyung’s hips as he shuffles back and lifts himself up, lining up with Jeongguk’s cock.“Alright,” Taehyung says, slowly sinking down into the head of his cock, teasing himself right at the edge of the entrance as it touches him. “Alright.”Jeongguk nods quietly, holding himself impossibly still and letting Taehyung adjust as he sinks down, taking the head slowly and then inching down, each step a painful stretch that has both of them groaning. Taehyung tips his head back, eyes shutting close with the sensation of sinking down onto Jeongguk’s length, the girth of it teasing his insides with the stretch. As slow as he wants to take it, the feeling of Jeongguk inside him has his body shaking with the desire to take all of him and he’s a little careless as he sinks down quickly, taking in the last of it in one go. It’s tight, incredibly so with the way Jeongguk is holding onto him, unmoving save for the soothing circles that his thumbs trace on Taehyung’s hipbones. Taehyung lets out a shuddering sigh, circling his hips experimentally and groaning at the stretch and the way his insides feel deliciously full.Jeongguk is quiet and Taehyung looks at him, taking a few seconds to watch the flush grow on Jeongguk’s cheeks, the way his jaw is clenched tight with the effort to keep himself still. The way his breathing is barely controlled, much like Taehyung’s own—chest rising and falling erratically, the feeling of their bodies intertwined like this suddenly too much to bear. Taehyung smiles at the sight because no matter how many times they do this, there’s always something so uniquely intimate about being in such a position, Taehyung barely holding himself steady on top of a breathless Jeongguk, chests rising and falling in tandem.“You alright there?” he asks, teasing. He knows the fondness of his smile is a giveaway though, but he doesn’t mind.“Shouldn’t I be asking you?” Jeongguk says, barely keeping his voice level. The way he sounds wrecked already, voice a breathy whisper does something to Taehyung, a spark of arousal traveling down his spine at the thought of Jeongguk whispering into his ear when he fucks into him, panting and breathless. “Does it hurt?”“Just a little tight,” Taehyung says, rolling his hips once more, letting himself adjust to the feel of Jeongguk’s cock inside him, hot and so thick. “Hang on.”“Take your time,” Jeongguk says even with the way he’s barely keeping his composure. A swell of fondness fills Taehyung’s chest and he nods, moving slowly in careful circles and letting himself get used to it. Jeongguk’s hands are steady on him, helping him with every movement, every slow rise and fall of Taehyung’s hips as he begins with a few shallow thrusts.“I’ll move now,” he finally says once he thinks he’s adjusted and his heartbeat has steadied itself just a little. He takes a breath and waits. Jeongguk nods and Taehyung takes that as encouragement to move.The first few movements are unsteady as he lifts himself up a few inches and sinks back down onto Jeongguk’s length, barely biting back his moans at the way he feels every inch of him inside him, his length thick and hot. Jeongguk lets Taehyung move, helping with each shallow movement with a thrust of his own until Taehyung can feel himself adjusting and his body is aching with the desire for deeper, faster thrusts. He fucks himself onto Jeongguk’s cock, watching the way Jeongguk shudders with each movement, the way his own thighs tremble to keep himself upright, body shaking with every perfectly timed movement. Every second of Jeongguk’s length pushing deeper and deeper until Taehyung thinks he’s brain is going a little fuzzy, head swirling with the way Jeongguk touches him, hands on his thighs, rubbing up and down as he tries to keep every thrust shallow, letting Taehyung take the reins, control the pace for the both of them.Taehyung continues moving, keeping up that steady pace he loves, slow and deep, sinking down to the very hilt and holding himself there for a few seconds just to roll his hips and grind onto him. Trying to find that perfect spot until he reaches it, feels the breath leave him in a quick rush and the way Jeongguk twitches inside him at the sound of his moans.“Just like that,” Taehyung says, breathless, mostly to himself. Lowers himself until he’s inches from Jeongguk’s lips. “You’re so good, Jeongguk-ah.”And it’s a little difficult to move like this, leaning over Jeongguk until they’re both kissing again, slow and deep, tongues so hot against the other’s until they’re both barely breathing— lost in the way they’re curled inside the other, bodies touching everywhere. Jeongguk’s thrusting into him and Taehyung is sighing into Jeongguk, letting himself be filled to the brim with the slide of Jeongguk’s cock, the sound of lube lost somewhere in between the way their hearts are hammering against the other’s chest.Taehyung lets up, breaking the kiss and pulling himself up with all the strength he can muster, hands resting on Jeongguk’s chest to steady himself. He uses the momentum to push his hips up and lets gravity pull him back down onto him, groaning at the way he feels himself being pulled apart from the inside. Jeongguk’s thrusts slowly get deeper with each rise and fall of Taehyung’s hips until they’re both moving in tandem, Jeongguk snapping his hips just right with Taehyung’s movements.“Do you like it like this?” Jeongguk asks, voice dripping with want, hands back on Taehyung’s hips, digging into his skin in a way that’s just the right amount of painful.“Yes,” Taehyung hisses, barely able to get the words out when Jeongguk snaps his hips just right and sends a flush of electric warmth flooding through him. He can feel his legs beginning to shake, movements getting faster and more erratic with each thrust, barely able to keep himself moving with the way Jeongguk’s hands are on his ass, holding him steady. “More, Jeongguk, I want—ah—I want it deeper.”Jeongguk’s barely holding onto him now and Taehyung can feel himself slowing down, unable to keep himself upright. Jeongguk takes the moment to pull Taehyung down again, chests pressed close as he slides out of him.“What—” Taehyung barely has the time to register what’s happening as Jeongguk pulls out completely and he can feel himself clench around nothing, body aching and on edge. “Do you want to die, Jeongguk?”Jeongguk huffs out a laugh and Taehyung lets himself be pulled along with Jeongguk until he’s lying with his back on the bed, a little dizzy from the sudden shift in orientation. Jeongguk is quick to push him down, hands on either side of him until he’s resting firmly between Taehyung’s legs.“It’ll be nicer this way,” Jeongguk says quickly aligning himself again, the head of his cock tracing teasing circles at Taehyung’s entrance. Taehyung lets out a whine that would have been embarrassing if he didn’t feel so needy at the moment, body flushed and waiting for Jeongguk to be back inside him. “You’ll feel it deeper.”“Fuck—that’s not what I said I wanted,” he manages to say even if it’s the last thing he wants to, at this moment. The thought of Jeongguk on top of him, caging his body in as he thrusts inside him is making him a little dizzy. “Did you even listen to me before?”“Trust me,” Jeongguk says “You look so beautiful like this. I want you to feel it when I come inside you.”Taehyung flushes, turns his head to the side and tries to shrug. Lifts his leg and makes for a show of kicking Jeongguk before deciding against it and just letting it hook around Jeongguk’s back. Jeongguk shifts with him, letting Taehyung wrap his other ankle around him as well before aligning himself again.“If you don’t make this good I’m breaking up with you.” Taehyung whispers softly, right into the shell of Jeongguk’s ear. Licks a stripe down the side before biting at his lobe for good measure. Jeongguk lets out a strangled little sound that gets lost somewhere in his throat and Taehyung rolls his hips, tugging at him. “So get on with it already.”“So testy,” Jeongguk says, clicking his tongue before steadying himself.Taehyung has only a second to open his mouth and retort before he’s pushing into him again, right to the base in a single thrust and every thought leaves Taehyung’s mind entirely. He hisses, loving the way Jeongguk slides into him even deeper than he had before, strong arms holding himself up as he thrusts inside Taehyung taking no time to let him breathe, only hitting his prostate with each perfectly aimed movement. Taehyung can feel himself driving closer to the edge, body shaking with the way Jeongguk moves inside him, pulling out almost completely before slamming in right after, each movement harder than the last, the slap of their bodies colliding almost obscenely loud in the otherwise quiet of their room.Jeongguk’s eyes are hooded as he leans down and presses sloppy, open-mouthed kisses at his neck, tongue laving at his collarbone after every drag of his teeth. Taehyung hisses at the sensation, arms coming to curl around Jeongguk’s neck and keeping him there, fingers tugging at his hair a little too harshly every time Jeongguk thrusts into him and leaves him gasping out his name, the only thing that he can manage right now. Jeongguk’s mouth on his, Jeongguk’s hands at his sides, Jeongguk’s hair curled his fingers. Jeongguk’s cock dragging out every second of pleasure out until it’s all Taehyung can feel right down to his bones.“Jeongguk,” Taehyung says, and he’s delirious with the feeling of it, the rhythm of their movements and the way they’re both coming apart “Jeongguk—I want you, I want you right now.”And Jeongguk is no better, voice barely controlled, shaking with the effort of keeping himself together. His hand comes and circles around Taehyung’s cock, wet and dripping now with the ache to be touched. “You close?”Taehyung only nods because he doesn’t trust his words anymore, not when his thoughts are a mess and all he can feel with every burst of white is how he doesn’t want this to end even when the desire to come becomes nearly unbearable. Jeongguk’s hand is so hot around him and his thrusts are erratic, driving home each time until it’s too much.Taehyung lets out a faint cry, voice coming from somewhere deep in his throat before he’s coming, white and hot, right into Jeongguk’s hand. He feels dizzy with it, the feeling of pleasure and warmth as he comes down from his high, heart beating so fast in his chest he can feel it almost fly out of him. Jeongguk is still moving inside him, barely keeping up his movements and he looks wrecked, head thrown back in ecstasy as he thrusts into Taehyung and Taehyung lets him, fingers playing with his hair as Jeongguk shudders and stops, spilling inside out of him, hot and wet.“That’s it,” Taehyung whispers, delirious with the way it feels inside him, unbearably warm and so, so good. “That’s it, babe.”Jeongguk takes a few moments to answer, slumping forward until his head is resting in the crook of Taehyung’s shoulder and his breath fans over Taehyung, warm and sweet. Taehyung pulls him close, something like fondness settling in his chest as he plays with Jeongguk’s hair, humming with contentment at the way this feels. The way Jeongguk’s legs and wrapped up in Taehyung’s, the way their hearts are beating together. The way Jeongguk stirs a little and looks at Taehyung, a little dazed and a little fond, before kissing him right on the mouth, open mouthed and lazy, barely there kisses that are just an affirmation of how Taehyung is right there with him. Taehyung hums right into Jeongguk’s lips and Jeongguk lets out a happy little laugh, fingers coming around to play with Taehyung’s hair, pushing aside the sweaty strands that have matted to his forehead and pressing a feather light kiss there.“I think this is the moment where you get off me,” Taehyung says, not meaning it at all, really. Jeongguk is still inside him and he knows it’ll get uncomfortable soon, but for now, he loves the way it all feels.Jeongguk groans. “Just a little more,” he says, rising to support himself on his elbows and looking down at Taehyung. “You look beautiful, Taehyung.”“Do I really?” he asks, laughing “Do I look like I’m yours?”And Taehyung had meant the way he was lying in bed, hair splayed out and throat dotted with marks that had been Jeongguk’s doing, but Jeongguk smiles sweetly suddenly looking so, so young, and curls his finger around the choker on his neck. His eyes are shining a little the way they do when Jeongguk is particularly happy, and just that sight is enough to make Taehyung feel giddy with something indescribable.Jeongguk’s finally pulling out of him, slow because it feels horrible once Taehyung can’t feel him inside anymore, come spilling out of him in a way that’s just a little embarrassing now that Taehyung is down from his high. Taehyung closes his eyes and pretends he won’t have to get up and let Jeongguk clean him up right after this, because the feeling of warmth enveloping the two of them is something that Taehyung always loves, even more than the sex itself.“Yeah,” Jeongguk finally says, and his voice is fond, lips pressing the words right to Taehyung’s temple. Taehyung closes his eyes and lets himself feel the way Jeongguk touches him, warm and light “You do.”  



Afterword


End Notes
....and i really couldn'tcrying i'll just go and sleep now bye i hope this was fun for some of y'all thanks for reading!!!hmu:Twitter or  tumblr


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



