



Home and Other - pariahsdream - Marvel Cinematic
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Home and Other Unfamiliar Places
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5650477.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Marvel Cinematic Universe, Marvel 616
Relationship:
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton, America Chavez/Kate Bishop (implied)
Character:
James "Bucky" Barnes, Clint Barton, Kate Bishop, America Chavez
Additional Tags:
deaf!clint barton, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Canon-Typical Violence, Marvel 616/MCU Crossover, Series Spoilers, Fraction Hawkeye spoilers
Collections:
WinterHawk Fic Exchange 2015
Stats:

        Published: 2016-01-06
          Completed: 2016-01-16
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 14263
      

Home and Other Unfamiliar Places
by pariahsdream
Summary
In which Clint Barton, landlord, deals with leaky water heaters, mobsters trying to kill him and ghosts. The ghosts are the least of his problems.
This was written for the Winterhawk fic exchange, with the prompt of - What if MCU Bucky ended up wandering in as a new tenant in Fraction Clint's apartment building?
Notes
Some fallout/spoilers for the end of the Aja/Fraction run of the Hawkeye comic. If you haven’t read it, you shouldn’t have trouble following along (and really it is an excellent series) but let me know if you have questions.
This exists in a hybrid of 616 continuity and MCU, assume the majority of characterization is inspired from the former.

          See the end of the work for more notes





Chapter 1




Prologue
After the Smithsonian he goes home. Or what he can construct from vague memories as home. They get stronger every day but they also conflict with the programmed memories that Hydra used on him to strip him of any sense of self. They hadn’t perfected the chair at first. No, that came later. They started with more typical means of breaking a person down and creating someone new.That lasted the first few decades after the war, give or take. They gave him a new background, a new name, everything they could to erase Bucky Barnes off the planet. Maybe it was a testament to how much of a stubborn sonuvabitch he was that they never managed it completely.It doesn’t help that when he gets home, gets to Brooklyn, that it looks nothing like his memories.  They kept him well away from it since he’d been made into the Soldier, afraid of triggering something in him. He hadn’t been shocked at the change in the world around him but in Brooklyn? Brooklyn hits him hard.Bucky wants to lash out, to be angry about it all- but then he catches a whiff of a hotdog cart selling fresh dogs- sauerkraut and mustard and hot sauce. And then he can focus on the sound of kids shrieking and laughing as they tear down the street. Above the noise of cars and children, beyond the usual stench of the city, he can hear and taste the docks. It’s not a good taste, nothing you’d want if you weren’t born to it.Hydra couldn’t take Brooklyn out of him completely. This is his home. He’s going to find out what that means to this Bucky Barnes even if he has to take out every person that says otherwise. As someone (a friend?) once said- ‘No, you move.’

****
It’s not just that the apartment building is halfway to ruin thanks to the tracksuits.It’s not just that Barney had run off. (Again.)It’s not just that Clint has no money thanks to Barney running off. (Thanks, Barn.)It’s that for some reason people keep asking him to do stuff.Not easy stuff like a triple backflip off a collapsing building while firing into open combat. Or like getting strapped to a rocket and getting his ass blasted out into space to go fight aliens. He’d give his right arm to do that right now. Nah, people want him to like, fix water heaters. Why the fuck would anyone look at Clint and go- Ah, yes, this is the man to keep me in comfort.“Well, it’s your job, for one.”Clint grunts at Kate over the top of the coffee pot, which had managed to survive the tracksuit onslaught miraculously enough. “How many Avengers you know go around doing home repairs?”Kate shoots him that look- judgment. Why did he pick a mini-me again? And why this one? “You’re the landlord,” she says patiently, combing through the length of her hair. “Landlords take care of maintenance problems, that’s why people pay them rent. Are you telling me nothing ever came up before now?” Her brows went up skeptically.“Uh....” He trails off, trying to think- other than the time with Simone and the tv.... To be honest, a lot of times when he ended up in Bed-Stuy, he kind of avoided leaving his apartment for any reason. He just wanted to be away from everything and everyone, all the expectations and disappointments, it just made it easier to hide away from the world. “I guess I should find the super...wonder what his name was... Frank? He looked like a Frank,” he mumbles, mostly to himself.“Might be a good idea. I have a lunch date with the rest of the Young Avengers,” Kate tells him breezily as she snaps her purse shut and drags her fingers through impossibly glossy black hair. “Put on pants sometime today- definitely before you try to talk to anyone. And recharge your ears, too.”With that last edict, she strides for the door and pauses to give Lucky a scritch under his chin. Clint might suggest she take him with her to get him some exercise but he’s still recovering. They both are.The apartment is quiet when she leaves. Not in the ‘something is about to happen’ sort of tense way.... just quiet.
‘Lonely’s the word you’re looking for.’ That sounds like his brother and he snorts.
“Wouldn’t be lonely if you hadn’t been a jackass, bro,” Clint mutters aloud. He’s not angry about Barney. What’s the point? It’s been years and years since he’s let himself actually rely on him... to tell the truth, he’d been waiting for the other shoe to drop. He knows better than to hope that something could work out for him. This is his life and he’s going to make his stuff work for him.....After breakfast and a couple episodes of HGTV (hey, that counts as research, right?).

****
While he learned nothing about hot water heaters, Clint did learn several charming ways to repurpose old barn doors and how to sew covers for throw pillows. He doesn’t even own throw pillows. Is that a thing? Why have a tiny pillow when you could have a big fluffy one?He also discovered that “Frank the super” (whose name wasn’t Frank) had left sometime in the mess of the tracksuits trying to kill them all.  So that left no one but Clint to fix shit around the place. Okay, so he can do this. He’s got duct tape and a wrench, he can definitely do this.He descends into the basement to look at the ancient water heater and see what the hell is wrong with it- and promptly burns his forearm on the damn thing. He does actually remember to turn off the gas before he starts to poke at it. It takes him around two hours before he gets finished- and a lot of duct tape around the vent thingy after he cleaned it out. There, he has accomplished something.“Ha, Clint Barton, landlord and home fixer,” he grins to himself, sweaty and a little gross (he doesn’t really want to know what kind of gunk gets caught up in a vent thingy to be honest). Whistling to himself as he jogs up the stairs, he pauses at the old woman’s door. It’s been a few weeks and he still hasn’t had the wherewithal to clean out her shit, though a vindictive part of him kind of wants to just burn it all for beating him with a bat. Kate says they could rent the place out and he should. But he likes his little family here, he’s not really interested in adding to it.(Especially because with his luck, he’d end up with a Hydra assassin or an AIM nutjob moving in.)He makes it past Deke’s apartment and nearly past Tito’s place when Tito opens the door. “Hey, Mr. Clint,” he greets with a wave to get his attention.“Just Clint, no mister stuff, dude,” Clint replies, holding up his hands.They make the usual chitchat about the apartment repairs and stuff. Because it is their stuff and they’re all trying to make it work. Tito even took some pictures after the police had gone through and says he might try using them in a collage or whatever the fancy art term is. Tito used to be an art teacher at a high school but jobs like that don’t last long in recessions. Particularly not in their neighborhood.“Will the Y let you show stuff like that?” Clint asks, scratching at the back of his ear near the aid. He shouldn’t because he’s likely to get black crap on it and if he screws up his brand new pair of aids, Tony will give him that look. (The look means ‘why do I expect any different and why do I bother telling you not to do exactly this’).“No but someday I might get to have another exhibit, a small one,” Tito smiles wistfully, the wrinkles around his eyes crinkling. Clint feels a flash of sympathy- there’s little better in the world than people adoring everything you do, especially when they don’t have a clue how you really are. He’s about to leave when Tito stops him.“Hey, maybe it’s just nerves, y’know but.... I keep thinking I hear sounds. Y’know from her place. Starzec.”Clint’s brows knit together. “So... you thinking rats?” ‘Please be thinking rats.’  He’s definitely not on good enough terms with Dr. Strange to deal with ghosts or possessions or portals to hell.Tito shrugs and Clint decides to look up exterminators in the phone book. (Does he own a phone book?)

*****
Turns out that, yes, he does own a phone book. The only problem is that it is apparently a phone book from like eight years ago. And for Chicago for some reason. He’ll make Katie-girl find him an exterminator; if she’s supposed to be his sidekick/Jiminy Cricket/building runner person then the least she can do is help him call bug people. After all, she’s staying in one of the empty apartments at no cost. (She is determined to pay rent and he’ll give her that much, but only when she has a job that pays actual money. For now she just has to deal with utilities- judging by how often she’s mooching his tv/shower/etc., he’s betting on she needs every extra dollar she can get.)Speak of the devil- yadda, yadda, Clint lifts his head when he spies Lucky sitting up moments before the front door open. “Hey Katie, are phone books-”He doesn’t get the rest of the sentence out because Kate stomps inside looking pissed off and covered in blue gunk. It’s dripping all over his floor. Lucky stops running to greet her, sniffing at the gunk cautiously. “Lucky, don’t lick that- trust me, eating stuff off the floor gets you in worlds of trouble,” he warns.“Uhgh! I can’t believe-- if I had thought we were going to be fighting I wouldn’t have worn my Jimmy Choos!” Kate is declaring to another girl behind her. One of her Avengers Junior set.... America, he thinks.“So wear kicks then,” America retorts, pulling off her star-spangled top to reveal a tank top under it that was less gunkified. She wrinkles her nose at the dried stuff in her dark curls, trying vainly to squish it out.“I’m not even going to dignify that, fashion disaster- why are you even here?! You said you don’t even like this ‘verse!” Kate has color in her cheeks and Clint is surprised. He’s not seen anyone bother Katie girl like this since Eli. She’s more secure in who she is since then, at least he thinks so.“What’s it to you, princess?”Kate gets that mulish look in her eye as she locks her jaw. “I told you to stop calling me that. Besides, I’m not exactly living like a princess right now, am I?”America snorts, a flash of a smirk on her lips. Clint sees her dart eyes over Kate before she replies, “You could be penniless and you’d still be a princess, Kate. Believe me, I know it.”“What’s that supposed to mean?”“Do I need to even be here?” Clint pipes up, leaning over the back of the couch, propping up his chin with his fist. “Also, you have your own apartment to get goo on.”

“Like you’d notice weird stains,” Kate dismisses as she moves towards his bathroom without permission, head held high. She’s definitely in a mood and he meets America’s eyes when he glances back at her. She looks unimpressed.“So.... what do you know about rats?”

****
Turns out that when you hop dimensions you learn a lot about rats but not about normal ones. She has some great (if kinda gross) advice about how to deal with gamma-irradiated vermin of all sorts. “I guess I could use one of my smoke bomb arrows and then maybe a spread of the tranq arrows but I think I’d have to find them all-”“You are not shooting rats,” Kate’s voice declares crisply as she walks back into the living room toweling her black hair. She’s stolen another of his shirts to wear and mutters, “Bugs. Why bugs? Ugh, I’m never going to get the guts out of my kit.”“That was bug corpses you were covered in? Man, I don’t look forward to spring then.”America snorts but shakes her head, arm wrapped around her knee where she’s curled up on a bar stool. “Some kid trying to crossbreed bees with Kaliklak DNA- don’t ask me how they got it- and the hybrids went on a frenzied mating hunt eating everything.”“I lost a pair of sunglasses to those bastards. Scott’s fault completely,” Clint nods sympathetically. That’s one of about 3556086780 reasons he hates going into space. Also no decent pizzas.“So... can I borrow your shower or what?” America stands up, stretching slightly as she does (Katie girl always takes a long shower but bug guts apparently make it worse).“The drain’s probably already clogged up from her, go ahead,” Clint shrugs, wincing when Kate socks him in the arm. When America disappears into the bathroom for her turn, he grabs the coffee pot, not giving a second thought to pretty much anything other than caffeine. Kate fidgets beside him, or is combing out her hair, he can’t tell.“She says she doesn’t even like this dimension! Why does she keep showing up?” Kate bursts out, glaring mutinously at the door to his bedroom like if she glares at it hard enough it will make America make sense. “It’d be one thing if she stuck around, but she doesn’t! Sure she’s here for a few weeks, hanging out and fighting with us, but then she’s gone again, like she’s so mysterious and badass and saving dimensions- just because she says it doesn’t mean she is.”“Nah,” Clint nods his head, letting Kate talk it out.“And she acts like it’s such a chore to deal with it. Why doesn’t she go home?”“Maybe she can’t.”Kate stops and glances up at him, brows knitting together. She’s kind of flushed, like the thought never occurred to her- or that she’s reminded of the fact she can’t go back to her dad. Maybe six of one, half dozen of the other.  “Sometimes I remember you aren’t as dumb as you act.” She gives him a wry grin, thumping her chin on his bicep, leaning in close.“Yeah, yeah, don’t let it get very far.” Some head shrink told him once that the explanations we come up with about other people speak to our own lives or something like that. Maybe it’s true for America, maybe it ain’t. “So, are phone books still a thing?”

****
His water heater fix does not last even six hours. Clint has the joy of being woken up in the middle of the night by Aimee banging on his door telling him the water is freezing- like icicles hanging off her pierced nipples freezing.He could’ve done without hearing that- and really the only reason he even hears her banging is the fact he’d forgotten to take off his ears again. With a sore head and little sleep, he fights with the heater for another hour that night, getting it at least lukewarm.  The downside is, he’s definitely going to have to find someone who knows what the hell they’re doing. When he trudges back upstairs again, Aimee’s there, looking less annoyed. “Sorry I was snappy earlier, I just had a really shitty shift-” she waves it off. “Wasn’t cool of me.”Clint shrugs, swaying on his feet and thinking mostly of his bed. His lovely, warm, soft bed. Aimee’s still talking and he forces himself to pay attention. “-wouldn’t have even noticed except I picked up this second job that keeps me out so late.”“What.”“The lights under old Mrs. Starzec’s door,” She repeats, louder and with more clarity. “I saw them two nights ago and then tonight. It wasn’t like- it was like almost flickering or something? It winked out really quickly. Anyways, it was creepy and I thought you should know.”First rats and now rats that apparently use flashlights or something. Great. “I’ll check it out.” He might as well since he’s definitely not getting back to bed anytime soon. Okay this time, he’s going inside. Maybe that will make everyone stop being so spooked. It’s just an empty apartment, it’s not haunted (hey, you encounter weird shit when you work with alien gods and honest-to-Pete sorcerers). “Clint-”He nearly jumps out of his skin, yelling inarticulately as he whirls around, hands held up into fists. Kate gives him an unimpressed look, pushing her eye mask up higher on her face. “I called in the exterminator, they’ll come in the morning- or whatever- so just go back to bed and don’t worry about it for now.”Clint pauses, glancing back at the foreboding apartment door. Why it was foreboding, he couldn’t begin to guess- probably just sleep deprivation making him jumpy. Just because he was blindsided by Starzec doesn’t mean that he should let paranoia get to him- likely doing something stupid will first anyway. “Yeah, alright. I’m coming. Lucky.” He pats his leg.The dog continues sniffing curiously for a few more minutes before he follows after the pair.

****
He doesn’t mean to let the apartment/theoretical bug problem slide. Oh sure the exterminator comes out, sucks on his teeth and rambles Clint’s ear off for like forty five minutes about old building, health codes, inspection write ups and what he, as a building owner, can do to fix that. He smells a conman’s shit but then again, he really does want to make good on being a decent landlord. It might still be caught up in legal limbo but he’s responsible for these people. (On good days, he’s proud of that, on bad days he wants to shoot himself in the face with his own arrows for ever stepping into it.)He blows his promise to Kate about calling the bug guy back. There’s Avengers’ business of course- saving the world, preventing mass chaos, that sort of thing. It takes him away for a week, though at least this time he remains planetside (and dimension side and timeline and every other fucked up thing that has gotten in their way). The adrenaline, the fighting- it’s everything he’s lived off of for years now. It’s the crashes back to reality that seem to hit him harder and harder every year now. Clint has no idea what to do with himself when he’s not risking his life. He’s trying to learn, yeah, but he can’t help but feel like he missed a few classes along the way. Adulting 101 maybe.“Hey Lucky, hold down the fort okay?” he greets the dog with a fond scritch behind his ears. “Definitely time for some Thai. You’ll like it too, trust me.”He continues to ramble at Lucky as they trudge back upstairs, but he eventually stops when Lucky doesn’t follow him beyond Starzec’s door. “Aww, no, not that again.”Lucky just noses at the door, clearly interested in what was beyond it.“It’s probably just a rat or something. Knowing our luck, it’s irradiated and when it bites you, you’ll leave to team up with Squirrel Girl,” he mumbles. Lucky makes a low woof and shuffles closer to the door before cocking his head at Clint.He doesn’t have the keys on him but a locked door isn’t really an obstacle to an ex-thief like him. If he could just prove to himself and everyone once and for all there’s nothing in there, that would be the best outcome. Especially for his uninterrupted ‘me time’. (He still needs to catch up on Dog Cops.)Bending in front of the door, he jimmies it open with picks he keeps in his costume still. It pops open easily, swinging inward silently. There aren’t any lights on, not that he expected there to be but his heart starts to beat faster anyway. “Lucky, stay,” he murmurs at the dog.It’s all homey, little old lady style with crochet and doilies or whatever you call all that lacey stuff. Everything looks like the last time he’d seen it--Except, something’s off. He’s not sure what at first- just something feels like it’s different. The curtains haven’t moved, the furniture is exactly-- The clock. He probably wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t been wearing his ears- the clock is ticking. That wouldn’t be interesting except that Clint knows it wasn’t ticking before. It had been taken off the wall and wound up.... why would anyone breaking in mess with a clock?And of course he left his weapons outside (he can almost hear Cap disapproving from the Tower). In a pinch there’s enough stuff around the room to use, though; Jacques taught him that. He also taught him to play things close to the vest when Clint’s not sure about what everyone else has up their sleeve (not that he learned that lesson as well as Barney had). If there’s someone squatting here, charging in like an idiot could get him shot. Well he doesn’t get shot. He does get some big guy squatting in the shadows on his toes, launching at him.  “Knew it,” Clint grunts to himself- though it doesn’t matter much. He’s got bigger things to focus on- like the big guy throwing a haymaker with a metal fist. He dodges left and kicks up, narrowly missing the other man’s head as he ducks and continues at Clint. Cussing, Clint backs up and grabs a small overstuffed stool to use to defend himself.He can’t let the man land a punch with that fist- wait, that arm- the face --Ducking under his guard, Clint shoves the stool against his chest to get some distance between them. “Wait- wait- HEY!” he snaps out in exasperation as the stool gets demolished with one sweep of that metal hand. Clint dives backwards and gets a knife thrown at his head. He catches it and throws it back- all instinct- before he holds up his hands in surrender. “Jesus fuckin’ christ- STOP!”That seems to get through, though the man- Bucky fucking Barnes- is glaring at him. “I’ve gotten into fights with a lotta people but Cap’s dead best friend is too far even for me.”“....I’m not anyone’s friend,” Barnes says after a long moment, voice sounding mulish and disused, holding a knife at the ready. He’s definitely everything the files said- tall, mean-looking and oh yeah, with a shiny metal arm. The grungy, mismatched clothes are new though, better than the leather daddy ensemble if you ask him. (Then again, Clint used to wear glittery purple short shorts so....)Clint snorts. “Course not, sunshine.” The nasty look he gets makes Clint grin wider. “Look, I’m not SHIELD, I’m not Cap and I sure as hell ain’t Hydra, so I’m not looking to turn you in to nobody.”Barnes gives him a contemplative look and then stands up from his crouch, slipping the other combat knife back into its holster under his shirt. There’s probably like sixteen other ones hidden on him if Clint knows anything about scary assassin types.  “You’re about as stupid about picking fights as Steve was,” he points out, looking unimpressed and cocky at the same time. “Yeah, well you’re stupid about picking places to hide out in,” he retorts, scruffing the back of his head.Barnes shifts his weight and Clint might even say he looks awkward or uncomfortable if it weren’t for the murder eyes. “The flowers.” He moves his chin slightly and it takes Clint a moment to move his gaze off the ex-assassin and over to the kitchen window. It faces one of the side streets that gets good sunlight in the morning. He didn’t even notice the hanging flowers the first time he’d come into the apartment after everything went down. “So the flowers told you this was a good hiding place?” Clint ventures skeptically. He can feel his eyebrows get a little judgy- okay a lot judgy if Barnes’ glare says anything.“No, you punk, the flowers have meaning,” Barnes snaps out, exasperated. “Juniper, chickweed and lemon blossom- secret place, protection and safety.”“Huh. Who knew Hydra was into floral arrangements.” Clint clears his throat and hurries on. “Look, this place might’ve been that, since the old lady was definitely part of some bad shit, but she’s gone and the pipes were busted during a fight- don’t ask. If you need a shower or something, I’m in apartment H.”The idea that this apartment had more history to it than even the tracksuits makes Clint realize he really had bitten off more than he could chew. Is he going to have a lot of Hydra coming by looking for help? Were they working with the tracksuits? Shit, what made him think he could do any of this? Barnes doesn’t reply to him and Clint’s pretty certain that means he’ll be gone in the morning. Except that’s the moment Lucky wanders into the apartment. Barnes stares as the dog wanders right up to him, sniffing at his shoes before butting at his hand, looking for attention. “Aww, Lucky, no-”Then Clint stops as Bucky kneels down and lets the dog get familiar with him, stroking his real fingers over the dog’s head. There’s a complicated look on his face that Clint couldn’t even begin to sort out, except he thinks maybe Lucky is just drawn to fucked up people. Maybe that’s not such a bad thing.

*****
He didn’t expect Bucky to stick around- if he knew anything from working with super spy types, once your safe house was compromised, you moved on. The apartment wasn’t like any safe house he’d been in (too many civvies) but Hydra probably didn’t care about collateral damage.Clint doesn’t give the idea much thought- maybe a mental note to mention it to Cap- because he’s busy trying to keep from getting his ass kicked. Apparently the tracksuits were buddies with the usual New York criminal elites too. Instead of crazy Russian murder clowns (he’s kinda offended on behalf of the non murder clowns he’s known), now he has Maggia thugs after him too. “There’s a bounty on my head?” Clint exclaims. “....how much?”Hey, he’s got bills now.“Ten bills and I’m gonna cash in on them,” The thug sneers as he takes more shots at him. Clint keeps his head ducked behind a dumpster but it’s not like it’s real protection. He needs to end this quickly. “Wait, ten bills as in ten thousand dollar bills? I’m only worth 10 grand?! I’m a freaking Avenger!” He yells, extending his retractable bow. Fuck this shit!  “Well, your girl Hawkeye is only worth five. Then again, there’s other perks to taking her down,” the thug snickers to himself. Clint ignores the surge of anger in him and breathes out- ricocheting an arrow off the fire escape and landing (with a satisfying shriek) solidly in his target.“Aw, c’mon, aren’t I pretty enough?” Clint asks as he steps out from behind the dumpster. He has the tin lid of a trash can in one hand but he pulls up short when he finds his thug has re-enforcements. “All I wanted was to buy coffee,” he mumbles with a sigh. Shaking that off, he takes aim and throws the trash can lid, humming the “Star-Spangled Man with a Plan” as he does.

*****
Eventually he drags his ass back home. He’s starting to get why Spidey doesn’t advertise who he is and where he lives to the world at large. It’s exhausting dealing with punks trying to jump you every ten feet. He wasn’t this popular when he was a headlining act in Carson’s Carnival!He trudges up the flights of stairs to get to his place and grumbles when he finds it empty. “Stole my dog again,” he mutters the complaint to empty air, dropping off his pound of coffee (a bit worse for wear) on the kitchen counter. Kate probably thought he wasn’t walking Lucky enough or something. “Yeah next time I’ll slap a mask on him and call him Arrow Dog.”His face aches enough that Clint drags his ass over to the fridge. He’s got peas in the freezer, not because he cooks, but for punching emergencies; as in, when he gets punched in the face. The buzzer on his door rings and Clint ponders pretending he can’t hear it. It’s followed by an ominous thud, so he drops the peas and grabs his bow instead. (Not that a lot of villains knock before attacking but that’s the kind of day he was having.)“Buc- er Barnes?” he blinks, lowering his bow. “Hey,” he greets lowly, “You said I could borrow-” He looks up and his expression hardens abruptly. “What the fuck happened to you?”He winces. “Did I ever mention that I might’ve pissed off a secret cabal of Russian gangsters?”Stepping back he lets Bucky into the apartment and heads back to his peas, holding the bag up to his eye. Hopefully it won’t swell shut but nothing ever goes well in Clint’s life. “Somehow I don’t find that surprising,” Bucky drawls, eyes flicking around the apartment. For exits or threats, Clint would guess.“Hey, no judgment from you, murderface!” Clint almost withdraws the thoughtless comment at the surprised look but then Bucky snorts. “I was trying to help, okay?”Somehow he finds himself explaining almost an entire year of events to a former assassin in his kitchen as said assassin cooks them some grilled cheese. It’s surreal but hey, he’s not going to argue with food and it’s not that unusual; he’s pretty sure when he and Nat became friends it was over some dumplings in Beijing.  “-and then Barney takes off in the middle. Serves me right I guess, I put all that cash in front of his nose,” Clint stuffs the last bite of grilled cheese in his mouth and washes it down with beer. “You don’t give a shit your brother just left you here with a shitty apartment with an ancient water heater-”“Hey!”“-and no way to pay for it? Not to mention the gangsters that still want your balls.” Bucky makes a disgusted noise in his throat, muttering something (Russian maybe?) into his beer bottle. Clint is distracted by watching Bucky’s throat work as he swallows so it takes him a moment to reply.“Hey I pissed off those gangsters long before my brother showed up to mooch offa me!” Clint protests. “I can handle it on my own!”Bucky gives him a look and shakes his head. The front door opens before he can find a witty retort and Kate saunters in, Lucky wriggling and barking happily seeing Clint and Bucky in the kitchen. He makes a beeline for Bucky, eager for more head scritching (and probably the crusts on Bucky’s plate). “Hey Barton, you know there’s another truck of shifty lowlifes-” She pauses, clearly startled by the extra person, eyes wide. “Uh...”Clint realizes Katie has no idea who Bucky is. Bucky can see it too- his eyes flick from her to Clint, silently tensing up, ready for a confrontation. That’s the last thing Clint wants (they just got this place cleaned up- er, mostly- from the last time) so he opens his mouth and blurts out, “I rented out that apartment!”Kate blinks. “You what?”“Yeah, this is our new tenant,” Clint thumbs back at Bucky and Kate looks even more skeptical, eyes raking over him and finding the result wanting. (Clint should know, he’s used to getting that look himself.)“Our new tenant. Who you made sure could pay rent?” She asks- now that tone is definitely all Manhattan princess elite.Bucky narrows his eyes. “What, you wanna see my stash under the bed or the one under the floorboard?” he drawls sarcastically. Please let him be sarcastic.“Actually he’s paying in trade!” Clint interjects. Both of Bucky’s eyebrows shoot up and the expression on his face tells Clint he’s put his foot in it again. Flushing, he continues on. “Er, not like that kind of trade- not that I would know what that kind of trade pays- anyways! New handyman! You said it yourself, we needed one and he needs an apartment.”Kate still didn’t look impressed. Clint tries to explain that Bucky’s an old friend from his carnival days but he’s not a great liar and it seems to irritate her more than the truth probably would (although telling her Bucky was that Bat Boy kid all grown up would’ve been entertaining). He just wants to keep her from being responsible and he wants to let Bucky have his privacy.“So....I sold myself to you?” Bucky asks when Kate finally relents, basically saying it amounted to Clint’s own funeral and she calls dibs on his kit before sweeping out. As if she wouldn’t get it already.“Sorry? It was the first thing I could think of and I didn’t think....” Clint makes a vague gesture with his hand. He’s pretty certain if Bucky wanted to announce himself to the world, everyone would know about it. He just seems like that kind of person. Moreover.... Clint knows. Not everything but Nat told him about Washington and what Hydra had been doing. Clint’s not going to fault the guy for wanting to get back to normal if he can. “You don’t have to stick around. I mean if you walk out, it’s nothing I don’t expect- wait, that sounds wrong. I mean, look,” he huffs and drags a hand over his hair. “We have cookouts on the roof every week. Burgers, dogs, beer- s’nice. Makes me feel almost normal. You can come if you want.”“....After I sort out that water heater. Who the hell used duct tape on it?” Bucky snorts and Clint wisely says nothing.

*****
Bucky has no idea what he got himself into. Barton isn’t what he expected to come across- the other Avenger types have moved into the new complex further outside the city except for Stark. He almost asks why Barton didn’t but he already sort of gets it. Barton’s got roots, or trying to find some, and Bucky can respect that. He probably shouldn’t trust that the other man will keep his location to himself but a part of him wants to give the little punk a chance to prove him wrong.First order of business is getting that hot water heater sorted. He’s had enough cold showers throughout his life that he isn’t going to have another when he can avoid it. And he’s not about to take Barton up on the offer to be naked in his shower no matter the novelty that he actually feels something now when an attractive person gives him an invitation. He sends Barton out for supplies (somehow he comes back minus his shirt and one shoe, but with all the parts Bucky needed). The kid that bosses him around (Kitty? Katie?) seems mollified enough not to ask any uncomfortable questions. Besides, Bucky plans to stay a week at most.Almost a week to the dot, he gets a knock on his door. Barton normally calls out to let Bucky know to stand down so it isn’t him. He frowns, slipping a gun out of a drawer silently before approaching. There’s another impatient knock.“Uh Mister.... Handyman? Are you in? Please?” A woman’s voice calls out.He blinks and drops his gun to hide behind his thigh as he opens up the front door. On the other side is a frazzled woman in her thirties, a manic light in her eyes. “Oh thank god! Please, I’m desperate, my kid dropped a toy down the toilet and it’s overflowing and I’m late for work-”She doesn’t grab him (people give Bucky a wide berth) but she doesn’t immediately back off. She must be in bad straits to come looking for him. “How did you know I was here?” he asks, suspicious.“Kate mentioned it. Clint used to help after the other super left but he’s not here. Can you come? Right now?” she begs, biting at her lip.An old part of Bucky is already relenting- he’d always been a sucker for a dame in trouble. Or the occasional fella. He grabs up the toolkit Barton gave him (never been used once, looked like a gift at some point) and follows after the woman. The woman- Sheila- is a chatty sort, introducing him to a kid (they always look less mischievous than they really are- Steve’s a testament to that) and telling him about her day. He keeps quiet as he first tries the plunger (no dice), then borrows a cheap wire hanger he fashioned into a hook. Eventually she gets around to asking about him.“It’s funny, it seems like all New Yorkers are from somewhere else,” she waves off the idea as she clasps a bracelet on her wrist. “I mean, take me for example? I’m from nowhere, Illinois- Clint and I had a chat about being neighbors back in the day,” she giggles. “He’s from Iowa I mean. Aimee’s from Arizona and I think Tito said he was from Pennsylvania. See? We’re all New Yorkers now. How about you?”“Brooklyn.”“Oh! So you’re a real local!” He can see her expression brighten in the reflection of the bathroom mirror. He pretends he can’t see it.Instead he grunts- he can feel the wire hooking on something but he’s having a hard time getting it to come all the way out. “It’s-- it’s been a while. Just got back.”She makes a sympathetic noise and Bucky wishes that she’d just go away. He could intimidate her, make her freeze up or flee but he doesn’t want to be that way. He wants to be-- hell, he doesn’t know yet. “Why is your arm different?” The culprit appears- the little girl peers over his shoulder, inquisitive. Sheila starts to chastise her in embarrassment. “I lost the real one and I got this one instead,” he replies simply. The girl ponders it. He can feel the hook catch, if he’s careful, he’s pretty certain he won’t have to take apart the whole toilet. He can do it, it’s just tedious. “Oh like Mr. Clint’s ears,” She declares brightly. “Um, he still has his ears but now he’s got aids. They help him hear.”Bucky gives a grunt but pulls out the offending toy. The girl and Sheila both give happy cries, both hugging him. He’s so surprised he just lets it happen (though he keeps the little snowman figure with the buckteeth out of the kid’s reach just in case). Sheila offers him money, but he distracts her with the reminder she needs to hurry to not be late. Sheila and her daughter leave in a flurry of chatter and bags. By the time he gets back to his apartment, showers and eats, Bucky realizes that his window has pretty much fled. He can see Clint’s lights on and the faint sounds of Lucky woofing at the archer. He’ll figure things out the next day or so, there’s no huge rush after all. (The next morning he has a huge basket of cookies and a casserole left at his door.)





Chapter 2
Chapter Summary
Finally complete and beta'ed by elfhawk3. Any mistakes from here on out are mine.



Bucky doesn’t leave. Clint is kind of confused but hey, he’s getting a free handyman out of the deal. And Bucky is good- he fixed a toilet, fixed the satellite dish (‘never miss huh?’ ‘shut up’) and Clint is eyeing him up for maybe doing real repair work. The place is looking kinda run down after all. Also Bucky looks good with a sheen of sweat on his shoulders and neck.

Not that Clint is noticing. Because he doesn’t have a death wish. “I call bullshit!” he cries out though, kicking Bucky with a bare foot. Lucky flops over it, trying to keep them from jostling the couch so much.



Bucky actually laughs, low. His eyes are twinkling and he’s a goddamn asshole. “Nope. Met him.”



“You did not, you think that just because you’re three hundred years old I’m going to believe everything you say!”



“I have Bowie’s autograph on a napkin... and his number,” he adds, satisfied. 



“Lemme guess, then you, him, Mick Jagger and her Majesty, Queen fucking Elizabeth, had tea and scones at Big Ben,” Clint mocks, huffing. The biggest celebrity he met was Dazzler when Carson’s was tapped for road crew. He handed her a towel. 



“You know that Big Ben’s a clock, right?” Bucky asks, popping a pizza roll into his mouth neatly. Clint had expected that Bucky would have more culture shock but sometimes he was more ‘with it’ than Clint was, particularly about tech. He doesn’t really want to look too deeply into why, he just likes it when the other man can get Netflix set up for a proper binge watch of “The Six Million Dollar Man”. (Bucky only punched him with his right fist after listening to the opening.)



“Don’t add facts to this now,” Clint retorts. 



“Sure, when have you ever really had much luck with them,” Bucky teases, reaching down to let Lucky clean the remaining grease and pizza sauce off his fingers. It’s nice to see that Bucky is feeling more relaxed. Sure he checks all his sightlines, doesn’t like to have his back to a window, and definitely has a small arsenal in his apartment, but he’s here hanging out. Just shootin’ the shit. Clint would be proud of himself if he thought it had anything to do with him really. It’s just because saving the world as your day job left Clint with some really weird as hell hours. 



Standing up, Clint heads back to the kitchen with the empty plate. Setting it on the counter, he grabs them some sodas, wrinkling his nose at his uniform laid out on the radiator. It still was damp. “Freakin’ unbelievable. I hate getting my uniform wet, it always fits funny for days.”



“Yeah, I noticed you leavin’ puddles on your way in. You never said why,” Bucky ventures, stretching his arms over his head. Clint admires the play of muscles briefly before flopping down on the couch, handing over the soda. 



“It’s Cap’s fault.” He freezes when Bucky stiffens up next to him. Clint’s not a completely dumbass (seriously) so he’s been avoiding That Topic since Bucky showed up. But he’s already said it so.... “I mean, we had to play bodyguards to Dr. freakin’ Doom.”



Bucky’s body relaxes next to him as a skeptical look crosses his face. “Weren’t you fight his robots last week or somethin’?”



“I know, right?!” Clint launches into a blow-by-blow account (maybe a little exaggerated when Bucky giggle-snorts once) of the rigors of protecting Doom from various other bad guys. “-seriously, I had to not only go running around in the sewers cuz of this guy, I had to fight off an Atlantean warlord douchebag who tried to drown me- repeatedly! Arrows don’t really work great underwater you know!”



Bucky lets out another low laugh. “Hey, you’re the one who uses that thing. No one said you couldn’t upgrade to tech made after the birth of Christ.”



“Shut up, it’s my thing. No one can touch me on a bow.”



“Except Kate.”



“Except Kate,” he agrees easily. Sitting back, Clint feels the smile slowly fade from his lips. He probably shouldn’t-- he never has good ideas-- “Cap’s still looking for you.”



Bucky’s lips thin out and Clint spies his fingers tightening up on Lucky’s fur before he deliberately lets go. He has this thousand yard stare that Clint hates to see. “I mean, I didn’t tell him or nothin’, I said I wouldn’t but if-- if you wanted me to-”



“No.”



Clint snaps his jaw shut and swallows back more awkward words. He’s got a lot of practice being awkward after all, if he’s not that, he’s being a hot-headed dick. He’s got no clue how to help Bucky deal with all the shit that’s piled on his head after decades of mindfuckery. Clint’s got his own skeletons but they can’t touch that. He’s not sure whose could. 



“There’s a spin off from this one with that bionic woman we could start up-”



Bucky hits him with a pillow but smiles so Clint counts it in the win column.







*****
Clint almost likes taking out his aids when he goes to bed. It’s like a physical block against a world he doesn’t want to deal with. But some nights he can’t manage it- for whatever reason, anxiety or paranoia won’t let him be dead to everything around him. Lately he’s been having less and less of those nights. Maybe because it’s not just him against the world- Kate and Bucky have a stake in what happens to his stupid apartment now.And apparently they have instilled the same sense of duty in his dog- such as when Lucky decides to jump on his chest in the middle of the night. Clint treats the moment with the gravity it deserves of course; by whining and rolling over, pillow over his head. Lucky barks at him, the sound muffled and indistinct without his aids. He vaguely pushes at the dog but Lucky’s determined, he pulls the pillow off of Clint’s head and bounds out of the room.“Really?! You are the worst-” He complains, rubbing sleep out of his eyes. He can see Lucky downstairs from the loft, making circles at the front door. As soon as he puts his aids in, Clint can hear a muffled thump. That wakes him up the rest of the way- grabbing his bow and quiver and vaulting down to the main floor.“Back, back,” he murmurs, slowly opening his door. There’s nothing to see- for the first minute. Then a body goes hurtling past his eyeline and lands with a thump against the wall. The body slides down, unconscious and bleeding. From the opposite end of the hallway, Bucky is strutting with the intent to murder on his mind.“Whoa, whoa! Bucky - c’mon man, you’re not back in Hydra,” Clint protests, worried as hell he’s going to have to get into a fight with the other man. He couldn’t hold back, not with what he knows Bucky can-“No I’m not, otherwise I’d’ve just shot him,” Bucky replies, striding right past Clint to kneel before the unconscious man. “He and one other man snuck in through the roof access. I came across them in my patrol.”Clint realized his hand was already pulling out an arrow from his quiver and he hastily moves it. “Your patrol,” he repeats, knowing he sounds stupid. “What, you patrol every night?”“Yeah. Bring Lucky along sometimes. He warn you?” The soldier turns then, a small approving smile on his face for the dog. “That’s a good boy.”Clint is not examining the fact he’s a little jealous his dog is the recipient of Bucky’s smile. There’s other stuff way more important. “You can’t just hijack my dog. Especially not to help you out with your war against Hydra.”Bucky stands up and shakes his head. “They’re not Hydra. Not even they are this stupid and unequipped, especially when coming after me,” he points out, holding out a single gun that the man had been carrying. Clint steps closer and crouches. Now that he’s looking, he can see that the guy’s young- really young. He’s got the tats of some gangbanger and absolutely no body armor whatsoever. “Shit, he’s a moron coming after you like that.”Bucky lets out a low, exasperated sigh. “He and his friends weren’t after me. They were after you. Remember? You did piss off the titushskis. You said yourself that there’s a bounty on your head. Why did you think I was sticking around this place? The ambiance? You need someone to watch out for you when you pick fights you shouldn’t.”“Hey!” Clint shoots to his feet, the back of his neck going hot. “I didn’t ask you to babysit me, I’m not helpless!”“You’re so fucking oblivious, Barton! You’re too busy running away from the world to pay attention to what’s going on right in front of you!” Bucky leans into his space, his expression utter frustration. The feeling is mutual.“Pot meet kettle, who the hell is hiding out in fuckin’ Brooklyn when his best friend is still looking-”Bucky snarls, eyes flashing with rage but Clint’s too pissed and embarrassed at the notion that Bucky thinks he’s incompetent. He grabs the leather of his jacket and pulls them nose to nose- it’s probably a good thing (for his health) that that particular moment there’s a slight explosion outside. “Go, I’ll cover you from the fire escape,” Clint urges, grabbing up his bow and darting back inside his apartment. He throws himself down the escape, trying to keep from twisting his ankle (and hissing at the cold metal against his bare feet). He lands in a crouch, listening for more explosions.Slowly he edges around the corner of the building. America has two of the thugs up over her head, spinning them as they whine in terror as Kate takes pot shots at them with her arrows. “I still have about four more explosive arrows. Then I move onto the acid ones,” Kate drawls out.There’s a terrified noise from the spinning men. “This is not the best use of my time. I’d much rather be having a nice night out, without having to worry about people trying to kill me for once!”America smirks. “Great power comes with-” “Don’t you even start, girl,” Kate threatens America with her sweetest (and most deadly smile). America shrugs with careless power and tosses the would-be-assassins into a heap at her feet. “I did most of the heavy lifting,” she says instead, planting a foot square into the center of the back of one of the men. “I just did my nails,” Kate flicks her fingers at the other girl with a scoffing noise.“Wait were you--” Clint pauses and looks over Kate and America. Kate looks nice- or she probably did before the fight. She’s wearing some slouchy dress/tunic/shirt thingy and tights. But what’s really surprising is that America also looks snazzy- her hair pulled up in a bun, wearing a backless button up in bright blue with tight red leather pants. Were they on a-- “Not its business, precious,” America murmurs as she brushes past him. Yeah, not touching that.“Two more,” Bucky’s voice comes out from the shadows making Clint whirl. Lucky’s at his heels as the man steps out to examine the men for more weapons, efficiently stripping them of everything and no doubt committing their faces to memory.“Guess I don’t need to do anything then,” he declares, scruffing the back of his hair as he watches Bucky ziptie the thugs and toss them in a pile as Kate calls the police. Everything’s handled- no one’s dead. Hell, the most that happened to Clint is his frozen toes. Huh.

****
The next morning (before noon still counts as morning), Clint wakes up feeling out of sorts. He can’t really place his finger on why- though the fact he burned the coffee didn’t help. He drinks it anyway, curled around the pot protectively.“Are you going to hide in here all day?” He doesn’t even have to look up to know that Kate has her hands on her hips, glaring at him.“Not hiding.” He should also find a way to keep her out of his apartment.“Whatever, Barton.” She flops down on the kitchen stool next to him. She smells like lavenders and toothpaste so she hasn’t been up very long either. Lifting his head, he yawns, “So how did your date go?”“....” Kate is blissfully silent (even if he knows he’ll be paying for this later). She taps her finger on the countertop and stares at him. Well, through him. He’d rather she go away than analyze why he’s in a funk. He is doing just fine ignoring the funk. In fact he’s probably going to do one better- he’ll sleep through it. “You know.... I like this weird hobo you adopted better than the last one.”Clint flinches in spite of himself.  The part of him that’s a little brother doesn’t really like that Kate only knows Barney as the hobo that ran off with his money and not the man he knew. Or used to know. “Yeah, well he’s not really a hobo.”“No kidding. I’m not dumb, Barton,” she pinches him and gives him a significant look. She’s looking at him with that familiar combination of exasperation and fondness. Like pretty much everyone who means a damn to him does. “What I mean- he really is trying to look out for you.”“Barney was too.”“Fair enough. And I definitely can’t be judgy on shitty family members. So if it’s not that Bucky’s wigging you out, what is?”“I don’t know where I fit anymore.” As soon as the words come out of his mouth, he winces. Too honest, much too honest. “Fuck, never mind, forget it.”He fidgets with the coffee in front of him. He can feel Kate peering at him, trying to worm into his skull with her brain and any second there’s going to be lecturing and fighting and why the hell did he get out of bed-“Up.”What. “What.”“Up. I am declaring right now there is no moping in pj’s allowed. You are going to get a shower, get clothes on and meet me back at my apartment. If you do not do so, there will be dire consequences. Understood, Hawkeye?”Clint opens his mouth but then stops. Taking a breath, he nods. “Roger that, Hawkeye.”

****
Much as he hates to admit it, he does feel better when he gets out of the shower and puts clothes on. Okay, so he wasn’t exactly Earth’s Mightiest Heroes material last night but he can fix that. He can do better- hell, maybe him and Bucky can do shifts when he patrols or something.He’s halfway down the hall when he hears the distinct sounds of grunts followed by the hard smacking noises of flesh meeting flesh (and not in the fun way). Clint bolts to Kate’s apartment, cursing himself for not picking up his kit on the way out the door. He flings the door open--And finds Bucky landing a solid punch to America’s gut. She grabs Bucky around the waist and pulls him straight up into the air to bodyslam against the workout mat they’re standing on.So much for his timely heroic intervention. Kate waves him over from where she’s sitting in a patched up beanbag chair, sipping on a coke. “They’ve been at it for nearly an hour now,” she explains as Clint flops down next to her. “This is what I came over for?” “Shut up and enjoy,” she replies, not even glancing at him. That might be because America takes that moment to stretch out her shoulders and pull her hair up, muscles working in her strong back.Clint feels a bit skeevy looking at her so he turns his attention to Bucky instead. He looks like he’s actually having to put some effort into this session and appreciates it. He’s stripped down to shorts and a tanktop, hair swept back into a messy tail. America snarls out a wordless yell as she leaps up into the air to come down with a shattering punch. Clint worries about the integrity of the apartment for a second before Bucky grabs her forearm and uses her momentum against her. He swings her around him in a half circle before he puts her on her back. “Stop telegraphing.” “Like it matters. I can punch through a bus,” she retorts, flipping back onto her feet and quickly twisting to throw a kick at Bucky’s face.“Doesn’t do any good if you can’t land a hit,” he ducks down into a crouch, moving to kick her balancing leg out from under her. He swings his legs around (holy shit thighs, Clint’s libido pipes up) and he’s back up in a crouch before America lands in a heap. “You wear the stripes, you best better earn it, girl.”“What’s that supposed to mean?” America grunts, blowing hair out of her face as she rolls to her stomach. She’s thinking more now- Clint sympathizes, he spent a lot of time getting laid out when he first starting training under Cap.“Means that being strong isn’t enough. You gotta be smarter than whoever you’re fighting too,” he replies. “So how does Clint manage it?” Kate pipes up.Clint’s feeling a little too sore from the previous night to deal with that, so he gets up from the beanbag. Bucky and America stop sparring when he moves and he holds up his hands.“Oh don’t mind me, I’m just moving my useless and moronic self out to where I belong.” Clint pipes up, bitter.“Clint,” Kate starts, frustrated as she stands up.“No, no, I clearly have no need to do anything anymore. It’s great! I love it, wonderful, stu-freaking-pendous.” Bucky narrows his eyes but before Clint can narrow his right back, the former assassin grabs him by his bicep and hauls him out of Kate’s apartment. “Hey! Hands off!”“I’m not going to deal with your shit, Barton. Get it out now, what the hell is your problem with me?” Bucky demands.Clint opens his mouth to snap out something but he pauses. No one thinks of him as being very perceptive but he does see stuff. Like the tension in Bucky’s shoulders, the way his hands are fisted at his thighs, the way his throat bobs as he swallows quickly. He’s not looking to pick a fight, he’s.... he’s anxious. Why would he be anxious? “I’m not helpless,” he blurts out instead of what had been at the tip of his tongue.Bucky’s brows do something weird and complicated. “No shit.”“No,” Clint huffs, ruffling his hair. “Everyone thinks they have to take care of me. Bobbi, Kate, Barney even you- they all think I can’t handle anything and maybe they’re right, but I can’t just let them, y’know?”“So you have to do it all on your own.”“Pretty much.” Clint shrugs his shoulders, leaning back against the wall. He needs the distance. Buck shakes his head and fixes Clint with a hard glare. “That’s bullshit.”“No! I have shit to deal with, I have to make it work-”“Yeah and part of makin’ it work, dumbass, is working it out how to deal with people, even people that want to help you!”He opens his mouth to argue but the deflates. “When you put it like that, I feel like a dumbass,” Clint slumps, the air going out of his sails.Bucky’s quiet for a long time but comes over to lean against the wall next to him, hip brushing his. “I need to do this.”Clint lifts his head, quizzical.“I need to-” He stops and works his jaw, eyes glaring at nothing. He’s so determined. Clint admires that about him, how strong he is. “I need to protect people again. It’s not the same as back in the war, not as big, but if I can help out this place, these people-”He lets his hand brush against Bucky’s where it dangled near his hip. “I get it.”“Thought you would.” Bucky’s lips quirked, eyes softer but maybe also with something that Clint’s too skittish to name. “Y’know, eventually.”“Fuck off!” He laughs softly and pushes off from the wall. “Get your stinky ass into the shower, Sarge, we have a dinner to get ready for.”Bucky starts at the ‘Sarge’ but only for a moment. Then he gives Clint a mocking salute before hitting the bathroom.

****
Clint is shameless about taking advantage of Bucky’s ability to cook real food. Most times there’s a rooftop dinner, Clint just brings booze or supplies some hotdogs to be cooked. Bucky actually knows how to prepare shit like potato salad. The girls work on a trail mix kind of thing with spices and lots of nuts- and chase Clint out of his own kitchen when they find him snitching samples.They’re laughing though and Bucky is joining in their abuse of him, smile crinkling up the corners of his eyes as he hands America the newly squeezed orange juice (hand-squooze to be precise because of course it was). It feels warm and alive in the tiny cramped apartment, reminding Clint of his favorite memories of easy nights with the Avengers. Kate catches him and throws him a wink with a smile. “Here, you be useful and take some chairs upstairs already, everyone should be heading up soon,” she orders, pointing to the lawn chairs she’d been using for furniture. He doesn’t even mind being turned into a pack mule for once (even if he whines about it on his way out).

****
The roof is very open. There’s so many vulnerabilities part of Bucky is screaming that he’s asking to be spotted and then shot. He ignores it as best he can, but it’s hard. He won’t leave though- not when he feels like a person. The tenants would actually miss him if he left. The significance of that he wouldn’t give up for the world. They know him- not everything but to them, he matters.Clint’s laugh drags his attention back across the roof to the space nearly in the middle of it. He laughs with his whole body when he’s actually happy. It looks good, emphasizing laugh lines and making his smile stretch out forever. Bucky’s grateful he seems to have completely forgot about his insecurities for the moment. Clint’s such a handful, he’s so fuckin’ frustrating but.... “He’s like a fungus,” a voice pipes up next to him, amused.‘Your position was compromised by lack of focus,’ a voice snarls in his head, dark and angry at the mistake. Bucky just takes a breath and nods at Aimee. “Yeah, gets everywhere and is impossible to get out completely.”She laughs, toasting him with her beer. “Pretty much. Didn’t think I liked him when he first showed up out of the blue. Sure, he was better’n fuckin’ Ivan but he was so....” She searches for a word. He gets it. “Yeah.” He points with his own beer, even if it’s untouched. At least he’s got one in his hand though. “He do that every dinner?”Clint is showing off tricks with a bottle cap, egged on by several of the tenants around him, including Sheila and her daughter. Kate mocks him when he misses, but it’s not very often (usually when he tries the more ridiculous shots). It reminds him of the old block parties he and Steve used to go to during the summer back in the day. Everyone in the neighborhood would pile out of the buildings and all but shut down the street- eating and dancing and living. He can see why Clint loves it.“Hey babe, sorry I’m late.” A flustered young woman comes up to Aimee and pecks her on the mouth with clear familiarity. “No problem,” Aimee meets Bucky’s eyes with mild challenge. “Bucky and I were just talkin’ about the Amazing Hawkeye and his Bottlecaps of Daring. Food’s over there, Kate has some trail mix, it’s vegan-approved.”Bucky nods a hello to the girl as she moves over to the food. He’s not surprised by the relationship. Not after so many years in and out of the freeze. His long-term memory’s not great but he was keenly aware of the change in attitudes about that. “Must be nice to have that,” he murmurs- not sure if he means the openness or the comfort of a partner. Maybe both. Aimee relaxes and nods. “Yeah. When Ivan was here, she had to be my ‘roommate’ but Clint doesn’t care. Said he’s all good as long as we’re not supervillains.”Bucky gives a huff of laughter. “Yeah, he’s kinda lax about that sometimes too.”“Seems like he’s pretty lax about other stuff too.” Aimee actually bumps him with her elbow. He’s so surprised by that he nearly misses the way her brows waggle. “Uh--” He’s glad he can hear crowing about something so he just excuses himself for more food, moving towards the little crowd around Clint.The blond has that cocky stance he gets when he’s in a good mood, smirking as he places a hand on his chest. “I am the legendary Hawkeye.”“Pff, in your own mind.” America snorts, pulling down her shades to give him a look. Kate is perched on her thigh, sipping at a lemonade.“It’s true! I have a museum,” Clint persists. Even Kate looks up from her phone at this, brows knit together. “You. Have a museum.”“That’s right.” “A museum dedicated to what? The fact that- against all odds- you’re still alive?” Bucky pipes up. He gets an evil little thrill when Clint jumps. Sneaking up on him isn’t fair but it is fun.“Oh fuck you!” he retorts, flustered.“That’s the sweet talk I like,” Bucky drawls out without thinking. Clint’s eyes dart up to his own and holds them for a split second.“Fine, I’ll prove it to you!” he finally replies and pulls out his phone. Not even ten minutes later, Clint has lost his phone to Kate and he’s grumbling into his potato salad. Bucky throws an arm around his shoulder and scrubs his hair. His fingers drift down the back of his neck, stroking the warm column. Clint shivers at the contact and Bucky breathes in sharply. “That’s a museum. A Hawkeye museum.” Kate states, dumbfounded.“That’s right. I’m a national treasure,” Clint pulls away from Bucky’s body and peers over Kate’s head to look at the tiny screen. “You wore purple glittery short shorts,” America says, looking like she can’t decide between laughter and disbelief. “Is that a horse?” “Awww, Target!” Clint exclaims. By that time, Bucky has to come over and see what they’re looking at. There apparently is a Hawkeye Museum in Waverly, Iowa dedicated to everyone’s “sixth favorite Avenger”. They crowd around to watch the homemade video tour advertising the museum. It claims to follow Clint’s humble beginnings in their own town, through his years at the circus, to now. The circus era is apparently when Clint was in his short shorts phase (and demonstrably quite flexible back then). The tour ends on a promise to follow Clint’s continued commitment to the Avengers. “Man, I can’t believe they have my old show horse. She looked good, didn’t she?” Bucky swallows hard at the glow around Clint. He looks so proud of himself, not like how Clint normally is- not even the false bravado he calls on all too often. This is genuine, quiet pride. It’s a good look on the archer, hands down.“Yeah, uh, she did,” Bucky murmurs.“How come I didn’t know about the horse? I want to know about the horse! And the museum!” Kate demands. She’s mollified by the fact the museum reps have contacted Clint about ‘Lady Hawkeye’ and he set them straight and that they have plans to have an exhibit dedicated to her opening soon. America is still in awe over the absolutely horrifying purple quartz statue out in front of the museum.Clint regales them with tales from his years in the circus, not making any bones about the fact he was a criminal. Bucky has a sense some of the tales are edited, but the genuine fondness Clint has for his old crew is nice to hear. “Wait, you were in Latveria? I passed through there in the forties with the Howlin’ Commandos,” Bucky interrupts one tale, leaning over to grab some chips off of Clint’s plate. “Beautiful place, cold as the Hudson in January though.” “We went there in the summer with Billy and Tommy. They were looking into their roots,” Kate offers. They all end up trading stories then, gathering a little crowd from the tenants around them. Bucky finds himself actually laughing- he wasn’t sure that was possible any more. Thought it might only be a distant memory. But he’s here, on a rooftop, watching the sun set and trading increasingly ridiculous stories. He sticks to his earliest memories, no one wants to hear about after his fall. But knowing how open Clint is about his own past as a criminal.... maybe one of these nights he might share a few stories with the archer.The party starts to wind down when the sun does- it’s still too chilly even with the space heaters to stick it long. Eventually it’s just a few of them left, cleaning up the trash and making sure everything’s unplugged- Clint of course has experienced what happens when that doesn’t get taken care of. Bucky is sometimes mystified exactly how Clint made it past childhood- but then again, Clint’s not dumb. A bit scatterbrained and a bit lazy but not dumb.As he unplugs the last heater, Bucky leans out over the edge of the roof, looking down at the neighborhood. It’s still going strong- New York never sleeps- and he finds that comforting. “How you liking new Brooklyn?” Clint comes up beside him, right arm brushing his metal one. He actually regrets not being able to feel the contact.“It may be different on the outside, but the bones are the same as they always were,” he replies, nodding down below them at the people wandering around. The fact he can say it with any kind of certainty is a relief he didn’t know he’d ever get to have. “Kids still get yelled at to come inside. Lovers still think they’re the only people in the world. Fathers yell at everyone to turn off that damn noise.”Clint laughs lightly beside him and Bucky feels his lips curl up in a smile. “The more things change.... yeah,” he agrees, mouth twisting slightly. He can tell there’s an unhappy thought forming behind Clint’s eyes and he just doesn’t want to see Clint’s happiness hurt anymore. So he kisses him.“Mmm?!” Clint’s eyes widen for a moment but slide shut as he relaxes into the kiss. It’s been a long, long time since Bucky kissed anyone but even if it wasn’t, Bucky’s always treated it like a new experience with every gal or fella he ever kissed. Clint kisses like he’s certain Bucky’s going to change his mind any second. He’d thump him upside the head for it but there’s other options that are more pleasant. He turns his body and slips an arm around the small of Clint’s back, pulling him flush.Clint jolts, knocking their teeth together. “Shit!”“What?”“Your arm is like ice!” Clint replies, biting his lip. Bucky stares at him for a minute and then starts to crack up. Clint joins him after a moment and leans in. “Sorry. Think you wanna.... y’know, try it again?” “Long as I don’t lose a tooth,” Bucky smirks, heart jumping up in his chest when Clint’s eyes light up. The reaction tugs at something fierce in his chest, the idea that Clint’s so damn thrilled at being wanted. He kisses him without reservation, one kiss turning into a dozen. Clint isn’t passive at all, he laughs as he kisses, nibbling on Bucky’s lip in an effort to drive him utterly nuts. The air is getting cooler and cooler but it doesn’t register much. Clint pushes against him, snickering when he slides his own cool fingers up Bucky’s shirt. He retaliates by biting his neck. Clint moans hotly against his ear and Bucky wants- needs to hear that again and again. His teeth sink into his neck, tongue and lips urging more of those noises out of Clint’s mouth. He scrambles at Bucky’s shoulders, grabbing his hair and huffing low encouragements into his ear. “Yeah, fuck- that’s -nnnn...”Clint’s fingers scrape down his ribs, landing on his belt to tug him closer. There’s not a lot of space between them at the moment but Bucky indulges him, tangling their thighs together. Clint tugs his head back up so they can kiss more- sloppy and imprecise- 
BAM!
Bucky immediate drops to the ground, throwing Clint down with him and faces the threat with the gun he hides in his boot. Deke yelps and tumbles back out of the door and into the stairwell, begging for Bucky not to kill him. It takes Bucky a long few minutes to calm down, to put away the ingrained training that tells him to eliminate the witness. Clint places a hand on his ankle.“Hey, still with me?” he asks, quiet.Bucky nods. Yeah, he’s still here. “Not going anywhere, Barton.”The smile he gets is worth it.

****
Another day, another threat to civilization. Clint’s grateful that Hydra goons aren’t difficult to take out, because he’s definitely not firing on all thrusters.“On your six, Hawkeye,” Natasha barks, taking aim and firing.  They are plentiful though. Clint shakes off the memories of the previous night and tries to ignore the way his uniform chaves against the hickey on his neck. He has a hickey. He-of-the-not-a-teenager-anymore-by-a-lot has a hickey. (And he’s pretending he didn’t wish he had a couple more).“They’re moving out of downtown Manhattan and into Brooklyn,” Cap’s voice comes over the comm crisply along with the sounds of fighting. “Widow, Hawkeye, you’re with me.”He follows behind Nat and Cap, trying to focus on the long range targets. Before he can take out any of them, Cap’s already there, throwing his shield with unrelentingly accuracy. He is a man on a mission- not that Captain America doesn’t usually have a mission but Hydra always ruffles his scales the wrong way. “Cap, think they’re leading us to a killbox,” he calls out through the comms.“Not a problem,” a new voice replies through their comms. Clint glances up and spies Sam in his Falcon gear flying directly overhead of the killbox area. He hears surprised yelps through the comm system as the man takes out the Hydra goons waiting for them. Smirking, he follows in from the ground.“Can’t let you have all the fun,” Clint replies, taking aim for some of the targets furthest from Sam.  He gets three of them before another Hydra sniper falls off a roof - a sniper he hadn’t accounted for. Clint knows that shot didn’t come from him- the Hydra agent had been behind him- so where had it come from? Sam isn’t even close to the vicinity.... he spies the glint off the lens of a rifle at the top of the building across the street from them. He knows who it is then but merely offers a salute- a one fingered salute. (Maybe he imagines Bucky laughing but eh, what does it hurt?)“I see you and your brother have made up,” Natasha catches his attention, smiling. “I am glad to hear that.”“Uh-” He should tell her. Nat’s his best friend but he told Bucky he wasn’t going to rat him out. “Seems like it.”Natasha narrows her eyes. Oh god, she knows he’s lying. She always knows. It’s her job to know. Now she’ll pump him for information and he’ll crack. She reaches over- he’s a goner-She prods his hickey, making him wince. “Hey!”“If this is from that Cherry woman again-”“No, no, no, I swear, it is definitely not from her or any woman,” he replies quickly, holding up his hands, backing away. “Uh, I’m gonna go check in with Cap.”He turns around the corner to find Sam with Cap. He has his goggles pushed up on his forehead and he’s speaking in low tones that Clint can’t hear. Clint starts to approach but he sees Steve’s shoulders slump and he slows down.“Nothing? I thought maybe he’d head back to Europe since that’s where he fell,” Steve says, loud enough for Clint to catch. Steve pinches the bridge of his nose.“Hey, he’s out there, we’ll find him,” Sam assures him, eyes warm but there are faint worry lines creasing his forehead. Clint feels a stab of guilt.“What if he’s hurt?” Steve insists, working his jaw. “He’s out there, alone, and I should be there for him. He’s got no one.”Clint feels that guilt twist up worse in his gut. In the weeks that Bucky’s been staying at his apartment, it never really sunk in how Steve might feel about it. How close Bucky is and he doesn’t know. Not only that- Clint deliberately didn’t let him know. He swallows hard, rubbing a hand over his face. This can’t go on anymore. He can’t hurt Steve like this, he was fooling himself thinking everything was fine. Of course it wasn’t, it’s never fine. “Hey, I gotta--” He thumbs vaguely back over his shoulder. “Got stuff.”“Alright, the others should be by to help with cleanup,” Steve waves him off, giving a tired smile. “Um, Cap- Steve,” Clint fidgets, toying with the strap of his quiver. “Don’t.... don’t give up, okay? Your pal’s pretty damn ornery, right? He’s out there and he’ll show up. I have a good feeling about it.”“Thanks, Clint,” Steve’s eyes are so blue they hurt and Clint is the absolute scum of the earth.

****
He doesn’t immediately head back home. He just wanders Brooklyn, trying to figure out how he’s going to get Bucky to see Cap without being murdered by either of them. Actually, he knows Steve won’t murder him. He’ll just be disappointed and that’s worse. Captain America being disappointed is just like game over. Literally no one can come back from that.Eventually, sometime after the sun sets, he trudges back to the apartment. Bucky’s waiting for him.“Where have you been? The fight was over hours ago,” he barks, frowning. “Yeah? Who are you, my mother?” Clint retorts, tossing his kit into the closet. He’ll hate himself for that later when he has to sort through his arrows (again) but he doesn’t care right now.“No, can’t imagine anyone claiming that joy,” Bucky snaps back.“Hey, fuck off!” Clint snarls, lifting his head to look directly at Bucky. He’s trembling, fingers clenching and unclenching. Part of Clint recognizing it as worry more than anger but he’s just letting his mouth fly. “You don’t think Steve is worried about your ass right now? Cuz I know for a fact, he is!”Bucky stops dead in his tracks and Clint’s seldom-listened-to self preservation instinct starts to blare. “What did you say to him,” Bucky demands without unclenching his teeth.“Nothin’,” he grunts, turning to head into the kitchen, slamming open the fridge without really wanting anything. He slams it shut a moment later. “You know what, Barnes? I get it, I really do. You think that Steve expects you to still be the other guy, the good one, right? Maybe he does, maybe he don’t, but you’re a fucking coward for not letting him see you for who you are.”“You’re going to lecture me about that?” Bucky’s eyebrows shoot incredulously. “Barton, in the time I’ve known you, I’ve seen you do the biggest fucking tap dance act to convince everyone you’re a worthless piece of shit so you don’t disappoint them.”“Joke’s on you, it’s not a fucking act!”Bucky makes a scoffing sound, moving closer to jab a finger at Clint’s chest. “Bullshit, you’re already running scared! Lemme guess, you were gonna maybe sleep with me a few times, get scared and then try to chase me off. Am I close?”“Oh yeah, cuz you were planning on sticking around and making me ‘your fella’, right?” Clint retorts, bitter and hating that Bucky isn’t entirely wrong about him. “Don’t make me laugh! You thought this was just some place to lay low and you’d move on, just like you probably already have a dozen times!”“Don’t you fucking dare tell me what I think!”“Fine!” Clint signs ‘go fuck yourself’ at him instead of continuing to shout. Bucky signs back ‘I can still understand you, asshole’.  “Well shit,” Clint finally sighs out, moving over to the couch and flopping down on it. He doesn’t know what to do. Raking a hand through his hair, he glares at his boots. “I can’t keep doing this to Steve. You didn’t see him, Bucky. He’s-- he just wants you back.”“You know why I can’t,” Bucky replies in a low, haunted voice but he does come closer, sitting on the arm of the sofa. He’s different from when he first showed up at Clint’s apartment- he’s not in his tac gear, he’s barefoot and probably only has a couple weapons on his person. But he can’t see that about himself.“I can’t make you but.... you can’t stay here then. I won’t lie to him. He’s my friend,” Clint swallows hard, glancing up at the other man. His face is stony, so hard to read. Does it matter to him? Does Clint matter?“Understood. I’ll be gone by morning,” he says after too long. Clint says nothing when Bucky finally, reluctantly leaves his apartment. He spends hours staring at his tv, not registering anything on it. Just colors and noise- and eventually not even noise as he takes out his aids to recharge. It used to be blissful to be isolated from the world. Now it just feels lonely. Clint feels like he did the first time Barney left. Like when Bobbi left. His whole life he’s been trying to do good and just fucking up his family insteadMaybe he was the dumbass, seeing something there that wasn’t. Maybe all the time Bucky’s been at his apartment, it hadn’t meant the same to him. Clint can go on without him- he always has.It just sucks that he has to.

****
He wakes up feeling knuckles tracing his stubbled jaw. Clint’s more used to Lucky’s wet slobbers so he’s a bit confused at the sensation. When his eyelashes flutter open, he thinks he’s still dreaming.Bucky’s sitting on the edge of the sofa, bags on the ground by his boots. He signs ‘good morning’ and ‘can we speak?’- his fingers slow, like he’s searching for the right words. Clint nods and reaches over to the coffee table to grab his aids, turning them on. “Morning. Didn’t expect to see you before you left,” Clint says honestly. His gut is clenched up tight and he kinda wants to throw the blanket over his head and ignore everything for a while. Like say, a week. “Kate caught me on the way out,” he replies, watching Clint’s face closely. Clint has no idea what he’s looking for- or maybe he just has drool on his cheek. Reaching up he tries to scrub his cheek surreptitiously. For some reason, Bucky’s lips twist into a tiny smile before he drops his gaze to his lap. “Called me quite a few names and told me that family isn’t supposed to walk out when things get hard.”Clint winces, biting his lip. “Uh, yeah, well her dad’s been an asshole-”“She’s right.” Bucky lifts his head and pins Clint with his eyes. He’s scared, Clint can tell- and that’s important. Bucky is letting himself show what he’s feeling. “I used to know that. I used to know that when things get hard, you turn to your family. And when your family needs you, you’re there for them. Even when they don’t think they need you.”Clint’s throat is tight but he nods, hesitant. He doesn’t know what to say or if he should warn Bucky not to trust him not to do that. “Buck I’m not good at doing that. I’ve fucked up so many times. More than you know,” he warns, wishing with all his might that wasn’t true.“Yeah? I have too. I did last night but you tried to get me to stay anyway.”Clint’s brows knotted together.” Uh? Did you get hit on the head? Cuz I remember telling you you couldn’t stay.”Bucky smirks. “You said if I didn’t fess up to Steve, I couldn’t stay. You going back on our deal, Barton?”It takes Clint far too long for the meaning of Bucky’s words to sink in. He blames it on caffeine deprivation. When it does become clear to him, he reacts in a dignified and thought out manner. He throws his face at Bucky’s and kisses him hard.When Bucky finally gets his mouth free, he smirks. “I take it you’re good with this?”“Yeah, I am,” Clint nods, tugging on his hair lightly. “You want me to go with you to see Steve?”“Course. I always introduce my best dates to Steve.”Clint pretends not to blush as he swats Bucky on the shoulder.(It probably would’ve worked better if it hadn’t been his left one.)






Afterword


End Notes
For Emeraldwolf- I am so very sorry I didn't meet the deadline and I am working on the second chapter even now. Please forgive my poor planning.


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



