



how to fuck kim seokjin - Anonymous - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

how to fuck kim seokjin
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17822480.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Exhibitionism, Voyeurism, Threesome - M/M/M, Bottom Kim Seokjin | Jin, this is.. gay, after the grammys, yoonjinkook - Freeform
Collections:
Anonymous Fics
Stats:

        Published: 2019-02-17
        Words: 5426
      

how to fuck kim seokjin
by Anonymous
Summary
seokjin will probably not talk to yoongi for the next week or so for what he’s about to say.
jungkook looks at seokjin one last time for any type of explanation, or even just an apology. seokjin’s eyes are still on yoongi, silently begging yoongi to help him out. jungkook looks over at the second eldest expectantly.
yoongi clears his throat.
“hyung wants me to fuck him.”
Notes
if no one else is going to write yoonjinkook content, i will.
this is heavily unedited, enjoy.
- mel



how to fuck kim seokjin

step one, yoongi supposes, is to make sure seokjin’s in the mood.
consent is important, kids.
although seokjin’s eyes had been a bit tired and puffy at the grammys, yoongi knew they shared the same overwhelming joy and excitement that they’d been invited to present such an award. he had seen seokjin in a cheery mood before they had gotten into the car, joking with one of the american staffs. he sat next to him in the car, happily gazing out the window. yoongi’s fingers found their way to his, and seokjin gladly held his hand.
they had celebrated right after the long night. all members deciding to ask the staff for a selfie stick and a phone to celebrate with army. after they cut the video, they resumed celebrating.
they were at the grammys.
something yoongi hadn’t even thought about dreaming. it wasn’t that he didn’t think he could make it to such a level, it just seriously never crossed his mind. obtaining and holding a global audience never crossed his mind either as yoongi was used to staying humble to his country. it was like how seokjin had said they’d already accomplished most their dreams already, and there are new ones they’ll have to make. it was easy when they all had each other.
maybe yoongi is a bit biased, but kim seokjin is the most suittable eldest hyung for their group. yoongi isn’t so sure they would’ve been able to make it so big without him. he thinks this in the sense that seokjin had helped the other members develop stronger mentalities, pushing them to think positively in an environment where everyone’s a critic when they stare at you.
he helped yoongi the most. yoongi keeps a lot of himself closed off. of course he trusts his members and he’s talked to all of them about his biggest struggles. seokjin was especially generous; offering to stay up with yoongi at the studio when yoongi could not get his mind to rest, having a private room dinner where silence was a form of comfort, listening to yoongi talk when he finally came around.
seokjin brought out the more hopeful and sweet side to him, a honey boy.
he looks at seokjin from the couch, a drunk smile on his lips. yoongi was thankful the stylists kept seokjin’s hair minimum on his face, seokjin’s eyes smiled into an adorable squint with the scrunch of his nose. his lips had pursed, almost v-shaped (heart shaped, more like it), trying to contain his laughter. but oh, the inside seokjin’s cheeks were just tickled with amusement and laughter because of the dancing maknae. his lips parted and he laughed, a delightful sound ringing around the room. seokjin ducked his head, face squinting more and yes, yoongi is fond.
hours fly and it’s now one in the morning. they leave one by one slowly out of seokjin’s room, where they gathered, and the only two that stay are yoongi and jungkook. yoongi frowns at the back of the maknae, who’s going to the bathroom for a potty break.
“thought it was gonna be just us tonight?” yoongi helps seokjin put away the glasses.
“i’m sure he’ll leave soon, yoongi, patience.” seokjin gives him a reassuring smile.
“whatever,” yoongi grumbles, although he isn’t actually that upset. in fact, his good mood makes him more accepting. “jungkook can stay if he wants.”
he watches how seokjin freezes as he’s wiping the table they’d put snacks on with a paper towel, his delicate fingers gently pulling it off the surface. “a-ah, but aren’t we going to..”
seokjin gets so unbelievably shy. so, so shy and cute, it makes yoongi’s heart warm. it’s even better when he’s flustered. even better that it’s yoongi’s doing.
step two, tease him.
yoongi’s cheeks are too tired from laughing and smiling the entire night to smirk, instead, he gives a smug smile. “what, hyung?”
seokjin avoids his gaze, walking to the trashcan with his head down. his ears are already a bright red, warming down the side of his neck and cheeks. “nothing, yoongi..”
it honestly makes yoongi more excited, the way seokjin was anticipating how this night would end anyways. the way he wanted to do exactly what yoongi wanted to do. they hadn’t even talked about it. but, c’mon.
yoongi knows all of the members keep themselves humble, never bragging about the success they’ve achieved. but he’s a member too, and he knows the how fueled each and every member’s egos are. especially after being invited to the grammys, this was big. yoongi feels good about himself. they all do. yoongi knows seokjin is feeling especially good.
what better way to end the night other than fucking in a hotel room in one of america’s biggest cities.
they’re not in their dorm, which allows so much freedom already. it’s been a while since yoongi’s gotten jin underneath him. after their last concert, they returned home for a vacation and both yoongi and seokjin wanted to spend time with their families. yoongi had missed holly so much and seokjin’s hyung promised seokjin a free dinner.
the last time they fucked was probably in december, on seokjin’s birthday. the schedule picked up right after, hours spent at the office or under bright stage lights. neither of them complained, though. they would crash as soon as they showered and got into bed. at the most, seokjin would sneak touches here and there that was enough to keep yoongi patient.
“c’mon, tell me, hyung.” yoongi approaches the elder. “what did you think we were gonna do?”
the members quickly had gone to their rooms to shower and change after the vlive, coming back to jin’s room to hang out longer. it was only yoongi and jin that didn’t bother to change.
they were going to get dirty anyways.
when the members had left to change, yoongi had made his way to seokjin, kissing him almost in need. seokjin kissed back, grabbing onto yoongi’s suit coat, desperate for more. they made out before the boys returned with a knock on the door. seokjin pouted, wanting to just keep them out for the rest of the night. yoongi promised he’d hang around after everyone left.
“i only said i was going to hang around, no?” yoongi tilts his head at seokjin who’s washing his hands in the sink.
he watches jin’s face, then his eyes trail down to his jaw and neck, his skin popping out from the white. yoongi would really love seokjin out of these clothes in a second, but he knows to be patient will make it all worth while.
before seokjin can respond, the door to the bathroom opens and the youngest of the groupsteps out. jungkook smiles, probably still slightly drunk, but overall, the night has made the maknae into a happy man. he stares at his two hyungs with a squinty grin. “hi.”
seokjin’s shoulders fall, a little relaxed that he’s out of a tense conversation with yoongi, but also he’s a bit disappointed that tonight’s plans of getting his back blown out are now possibly canceled. he couldn’t say no to the maknae, no one really could.
“are we done drinking?” jungkook notices the clean table in front of the couch as he makes his way to sit down.
“yeah, we have some interviews to shoot tomorrow. can’t get too wasted.” seokjin explains, walking past yoongi to sit down as well. “you should sleep soon, jk.”
yoongi notices the nervous sweat on seokjin’s neck as he passes by. this time, yoongi does have the effort to smirk as he follows closely behind jin.
“but hyung, i’m not tired.” jungkook sprawls out on the couch as seokjin sits, laying one of his legs heavily on the elder’s lap. “why isn’t yoongi-hyung sleeping yet?”
yoongi answers for himself. “seokjin-hyung wants me to stay.”
immediately, the youngest gets salty. he looks at seokjin, smile replaced with a frown. “what about me? you don’t want me to stay?”
yoongi snickers as jin’s mouth flaps open and shut, unsure of what to say.
jungkook gets more upset at that. he isn’t a teenager anymore, he can take no for an answer. “jeez, hyung, you can say no.”
“jungkookie, it’s not that.” seokjin starts as jungkook sits up on the couch, about to stand up to go to his hotel room and probably sulk about how jin-hyung doesn’t want to hang out with him.
seokjin hates making people feel unwanted. it’s one reason why he’s so loud and friendly with anyone that’s around him. he panics as jungkook finally gets onto his feet, unable to provide a comforting explanation. he makes the mistake of looking towards yoongi for help.
seokjin will probably not talk to yoongi for the next week or so for what he’s about to say.
jungkook looks at seokjin one last time for any type of explanation, or even just an apology. seokjin’s eyes are still on yoongi, silently begging yoongi to help him out. jungkook looks over at the second eldest expectantly.
yoongi clears his throat.
“hyung wants me to fuck him.”
the sound seokjin makes is something between a yell and a squeak, his entire face goes red and jungkook feels his own cheeks heat up at yoongi’s words. jungkook glances at seokjin, who’s obviously embarrassed and about to scold yoongi for what he said. seokjin struggles, though, only able to make sounds of either denial or a choked (failed) explanation— yoongi and jungkook aren’t sure.
seokjin finally inhales a deep breath of air before shouting. “yoongi!”
“what, hyung? that’s what you were thinking of, right?” yoongi steps towards seokjin.
despite the awkward shift in energy, yoongi knows seokjin still wants him.
seokjin would’ve probably scolded him if he didn’t— oh, what is yoongi thinking.
seokjin wants him.
even if seokjin had scolded him, told both jungkook and yoongi to leave the room because of his embarrassment, seokjin would’ve called yoongi back to his room after an hour.
yoongi shamelessly slides his hand on the side of seokjin’s jaw, fingers slipping behind his ear and massaging into his hair as yoongi tilts seokjin’s face up. seokjin’s still sitting, breathing hard and hot against yoongi’s covered chest. yoongi’s standing, slightly leaning over the oldest in the group, but his attention is focused on the maknae who seems unmoving and shocked.
“jungkook-ah.” yoongi softly calls.
jungkook seems to snap out of whatever daze he was in, eyes focusing in on yoongi and how he’s basically manhandling seokjin’s neck so easily.
yoongi chuckles at the lost expression on jungkook’s face. “you can watch if you want.”
seokjin didn’t even have time to protest, he wasn’t sure if he was even going to, honestly. yoongi turns his head down, kissing seokjin without a second thought, cutting off whatever he had to say.
there’s something about how pliant seokjin gets under yoongi’s mouth and hands that makes jungkook curious. the way seokjin’s shoulders seem to get smaller as he reaches up to gently tug yoongi closer, and how he lets out the slightest shiver of a moan is enough to get something stirring up in jungkook’s mind and pants.
he wasn’t ignorant to the relationship the two eldest members had, in fact, all of them knew. yoongi and seokjin never tried that hard to hide it anyways.
at first, whenever they discovered their feelings for each other, they did try to keep it a secret. they avoided each other sometimes as well, causing an unwanted divide in the group’s strength. they were the hyungs, the other members looked up to them for strength. namjoon had been the first to confront them after a stressful day when they needed the two eldest thoughts and they refused to speak comfortably in front of their managers. jimin had been next, more irritated because yoongi and seokjin made dinner so awkward and tense, no one wanted to speak.
then there was a group meeting, and seokjin and yoongi admitted to being in love.
jungkook, at the time, didn’t understand what being in love was like. he doesn’t know now, but he thinks he has a better understanding of it watching how happier his hyungs were after being able to express it a tad more. the most he’s experienced was having crushes here and there, seokjin included during their debut years.
seokjin‘s just too enticing.
jungkook was a little intimidated how handsome seokjin was, he was perfect in his eyes. tall. wide shoulders. broad chest. good build. his effeminate features such as his tiny waist, dainty fingers, and curvy hips made him even prettier. seokjin’s face was jungkook’s favorite. everything from his eyebrows to lips, anyone who had a chance with seokjin was lucky.
yoongi doesn’t care for material things, he hooks two fingers around the first button of seokjin’s shirt, and brings his hand down with force, basically ripping the pricey clothing in half. seokjin gasps at the new air against his sweaty skin, exhaling out in the open as yoongi’s moved onto biting his neck. the buttons roll off the couch and onto the carpet, one rolling far enough to reach jungkook’s feet.
seokjin seems like he forgotten that jungkook was in the room until he opens his eyes and finds his way to the youngest.
“jungkookie..”
chills run down the back of jungkook’s neck at how breathless and wrecked seokjin already sounds when yoongi moves his hand inside the fold of seokjin’s ruined shirt, rubbing his thumb over his nipple. seokjin arches his back at that, almost moaning when yoongi continues to play with him. he gets lost for a second then once again remembers there’s another person in the room.
“i—“ jungkook starts, but its high and uncomfortable in his throat. he clears it, catching both his yoongi and seokjin’s attention. “i’ll stay.”
step three, indulge him.
yoongi removes his hand from seokjin’s chest, bringing it to his chin to make the older look at him. “hear that, hyung? the maknae wants to watch you be a slut for me.” jungkook doesn’t know how seokjin doesn’t clock yoongi right then and there for his condescending tone, but he figures seokjin is just long gone from how seokjin whines, lifting his chin higher in hopes that yoongi will kiss him again, obviously not minding the extra guest anymore. yoongi sighs at the elder’s desperation, “you really don’t care if he stays, huh? want me that badly?”
jungkook can’t really understand what seokjin whines back. seokjin already talks in a pouty tone, being all strung up and needy makes him more incoherent. yoongi seems to understand, slowly letting his hand fall from seokjin’s chin to his neck. seokjin mewls as yoongi grips, then pushes, forcing seokjin to lay down against the couch.
the maknae walks very slowly walks to the other end of the long couch, sitting down with almost a shake to his thighs. he has a good side view of his hyungs, who are adjacent to where he sits. he wonders if he drank too much, knocked out, and this is all just a weird wet dream. but with the ambiance of the hotel room, the warming sweat building under his shirt and palms, jungkook knows this is far from a dream.
“hyung’s so pretty, isn’t he?” it takes a second for jungkook to notice yoongi’s talking to him. all eyes are on seokjin and now obedient he’s being for yoongi.
“he is.” jungkook replies. “the prettiest.”
yoongi stands, or more of crouches over seokjin, hand still against the other’s neck. “you’re spoiled today, hyung. everyone’s been complimenting you all night.” seokjin’s blush is still there from earlier, but he’s more flustered and red at their words. “what do you say, hyung?”
“t-thank you.”
yoongi tilts his head as if he’s contemplating something. seokjin blinks up, mouth open and struggling to breathe as yoongi slowly squeezes his hand around his throat. jungkook feels himself harden at seokjin’s choked sounds. yoongi removes his hand all too soon, seokjin pouting as he does so.
“w-wha..” seokjin begins to protest.
yoongi grabs seokjin’s hair, pulling on it until seokjin lifts up. the older yelps but stabilizes himself on his palms. jungkook jumps too, surprised at how rough yoongi is treating their hyung. “h-hyung.” yoongi and seokjin look, but jungkook focuses in on yoongi. “aren’t you being too rough?”
yoongi barks out a loud laugh, hand woven in seokjin’s light brown locks. he grips in slowly, then squeezes hard against seokjin’s scalp, eliciting a high moan from the elder. “silly jungkook..” he stares back at seokjin because god, he’s just a sight to take in. “he likes it rough. don’t you, seokjinnie?” jungkook knows seokjin is gone when he doesn’t bother with correcting the honorific.
seokjin loves it. loves being teased for however long yoongi wants, then being fucked so hard and intense, all he feels and thinks is pleasure. he loves how yoongi gets him crying into the sheets, shaking at the force of yoongi’s thrusts. he loves being edged on, yoongi not making it easy as he keeps fucking him like he’s a damn toy, begging for yoongi to let him cum.
“yoongichi.. please..”
step four, feed him.
“on your knees, hyung. now.” the commanding and rough growl to yoongi’s voice is the turning point for when everything picks up. it’s like jungkook doesn’t even exist after that. yoongi really lets himself loose and guides seokjin onto his knees. he relaxes into the couch, sitting as seokjin crawls in between his legs. his hand goes soft in seokjin’s hair, petting it and moving the messy bangs out of his face.
jungkook’s breathing goes rigid as he sees seokjin, shirt staying on from the broad of his shoulders, dress pants protecting his knees from how he shoves them into the carpet, fingers quickly undoing the buckle of yoongi’s belt. jungkook’s cock starts to press against the fabric of his sweats, boxers off, and fuck, he’s so hard at the true image of what seokjin would look like sucking dick.
yoongi throws his head back, mouth opening with a throaty groan once seokjin’s hands pull his veiny length out. it’s only a tad bit smaller than jungkook’s in length, but definitely has more girth and curve. jungkook sees how seokjin basically dives forward, hand moving yoongi’s cock in place, his tongue flattening against the base of it and slicking itself up. jungkook moans at the sight, hand immediately gripping the base of his own shaft as if he was going to cum right into his pants.
“so good.” yoongi’s vocal, which confirms jungkook’s weird thoughts of what his hyungs are like in bed. “so, so good, hyung.” he breathes, head coming down to stare at seokjin swallowing his length. seokjin moans back in response, working his way up and down at a slow pace. yoongi doesn’t seem to mind, occasionally lifting his hips up to thrust lightly into seokjin’s hot mouth.
jungkook’s by then already spat into the palm of his hand, sneaking under the band of his grey sweats. yoongi looks over while unbuttoning his shirt, cock still buried deep in seokjin’s mouth.
“enjoying the show?”
“hyung, please don’t.” jungkook cringes, not really wanting to talk at all while seeing his two hyungs fuck, let alone getting off to it. yoongi chuckles, but it forms into a loud moan when seokjin begins to make use of his throat. honestly, the alcohol is still ruining faintly in jungkook’s body. from the amount he consumed, he’s surprised he doesn’t have whiskey dick. he fucks up his own hand to seokjin’s increasing rhythm.
step five, prep him.
seokjin pulls off when yoongi taps on his hair with two fingers. “hyung, i’ve been hard all day. i’ll come if you keep going.”
seokjin keeps his plush, puffy red bottom lip against yoongi’s pink tip. he pouts, “what if i wanna taste?”
yoongi almost growls. “fine, let me fuck you first. i’ll come in your mouth.”
seokjin frowns more, and oh, he’s so much brattier than jungkook thought he’d be. “but i want you to come inside.”
yoongi does growl this time, grabbing jin’s hair again and pulling it back. “you’re in an awfully good mood to be this much of a cum slut, huh?” seokjin whimpers, hand gripping yoongi’s cock more firmly. yoongi hisses, “if you want cum in your mouth so badly, jungkookie can feed you. i’m taking your ass.”
jungkook feels his heart pounding hard, the sound vibrating in his ears at the thought of coming in seokjin’s mouth. he feels so damn close already. this is all just too fucking hot. he watches seokjin stand, giving yoongi a mini striptease when he takes off his clothing. seokjin has everything to brag about. he’s a living sex dream for everyone.
“did you prep yourself?” yoongi stands, grabbing a hold of seokjin’s waist, both hands easily wrapping around the slim body. seokjin only nods, hands falling onto yoongi’s biceps.
jungkook groans at that, wondering when seokjin even had the chance to prep himself. he figures it was this morning before they went on their long drive, they weren’t far but with the big event, traffic was a huge deal, especially in los angeles. he figures it was when he was knocking on seokjin’s door, the eldest being the only one who wasnt in the lobby. there was some movement from the other side, then a very high-pitched gasp audible from the other side of the door. jungkook was concerned, about to grab a manager but seokjin quickly told him he’d be down in a second.
it’s almost strange seeing them like this, jungkook thinks. seokjin’s only down to his boxers, grabbing onto a still dressed yoongi. jungkook watches as they share another kiss, feels like its a bit too intimate to see so he shifts his eyes down to his pants. jungkooks fully hard, fingers squeezing a little slower as seokjin and yoongi seem to calm down, enjoying messily pushing their tongues together.
“you should’ve worn the lace,” yoongi mumbles against seokjin’s lips, fingers sliding from his hips into the band of seokjin’s cotton boxers. he shoves them down, leaving seokjin bare and exposed. he’s clean-shaven in contrast to yoongi and jungkook.
“mm, i’m sorry. i’ll wear them next time.” seokjin apologizes, but he doesn’t seem that genuine.
yoongi eventually brings seokjin to the other end of the couch while they’re still making out, directly across jungkook this time. seokjin breaks apart from yoongi, smiling at him prettily before turning and bending over the back of the couch like it’s his place.
now, jungkook’s only seen spanking ever occur in porn or whenever one of the members like to use it as a form of punishment. he’s never seen it in real life, and he swears he’s never seen yoongi spank anyone, even as a joke. so when jungkook’s ears start to ring from how hard yoongi brings his hand down onto seokjin’s skin, it’s not even that, that takes jungkook by surprise. it’s the moan seokjin produces, loud and strong, like he was singing.
seokjin looks up, blearily, finding good support on his palms. his eyes find jungkook’s. “jungkookie.. aren’t you gonna join?”
behind him, yoongi doesn’t bother removing his clothes. he carefully pads his finger over seokjin’s already lubed hole, and he’s surprised none of it leaked out during the ceremony. “hyung, be patient with him. he’s a kid.” then, he begins to dip his finger in slowly. seokjin shivers, whining the slightest bit and pushing back against the singlefinger.
jungkook frowns. “am not.”
yoongi shakes his head, eyes still on seokjin’s hole as he moves his finger around slowly. preparation is important, and yoongi will always stress taking this part slowly. “i know, jungkook. hyung’s just very impatient when he’s needy, so don’t spoil him yet.”
there’s nerves that sort of build up in the pit of jungkook’s stomach, he can’t really tell if he’s nervous or excited to have his dick sucked by his hyung, especially it being kim seokjin out of all people.
it’s been long since seokjin stretched himself out this morning, so yoongi continues to prep seokjin more. as impatient as seokjin is right now, he doesn’t mind too much of this part. seokjin loves yoongi’s hands. so fucking much. can’t count how many times he's come just from yoongi’s fingers either around his cock or inside him. the times where seokjin can come untouched, with yoongi massaging his prostate with the tip of his fingers, is always a favorite.
for the same reason as before, it doesn’t take too much time stretching out seokjin’s hole. he’s three fingers in and seokjin’s panting out against the leather of the couch, arms slack as he lazily grinds against yoongi’s digits. his back arches as yoongi rolls the tip of his middle finger against his prostate, an overwhelming wave of pleasure rushing over seokjin’s entire body. “a-ah, yoongi.. please, i’m ready.”
step six, wreck him.
seokjin’s a sight to see when he’s got two cocks dominating him.
jungkook’s feet had walked before he even thought, pulling his pants down. yoongi lifted his eyes off his cock entering seokjin, watched as the maknae gently grabbed seokjin’s cheek to stuff his mouth.
“fuck, hyung.” jungkook groans loudly, finding a new heightened pleasure from using something other than his hand to get off.
seokjin hums around his length, pushing his weight onto one arm as he uses one of his hands to pump the rest of jungkook off. he’d deepthroat, but he’s getting fucked so hard from behind that the movement of yoongi’s thrusts make seokjin move a little deeper on jungkook already. jungkook’s not sure if he’s ever had a blowjob like this. the last time he fucked someone was a few months back, around his birthday, that’s for sure.
one particular thrust from yoongi makes seokjin pull away from jungkook, hand working up a rhythm as he tries to catch his breath. “hngh, yoongi.. ahhh... right there.” seokjin tries to place jungkook back in his mouth, but he just keeps moaning and moving back against the cock that’s destroying him. he tries to make it up with his hand but seokjin’s just too weak by this stage. jungkook gives his hyung some mercy by replacing the older’s hand with his own, pumping himself right in front of seokjin’s blissed-out face.
yoongi rolls his hips in a little faster. he usually doesn’t go crazy with his pace as he prefers fucking seokjin rough and slow, pulling out gently, then ramming back in at a stable beat. seokjin starts making yoongi’s favorite noise: choked back moans that don’t make it quite out as yoongi fucks back in even harder, as if he’s squeaking. his moans elevate in pitch, always sounding like he’s going to come at any given moment.
jungkook can’t help but get off to the sight. seokjin’s struggling with balancing his weight on his arms as he starts shaking. he seems to be fucking himself on yoongi’s thick cock, mouth falling open as he pants, finding difficulty in breathing from how filled yoongi gets him. yoongi tightens his grip on seokjin’s hips, thrusting with more intent to get both of them off. one of his hands leaves the beautiful curve, reaching down to grab the back of seokjin’s knee. seokjin seems to take the hint, doing his best to lift his leg so his kneecap rests onto the back of the couch, allowing yoongi to penetrate deeper. the new angle sends seokjin into a new world of bliss, allowing yoongi to lead him even deeper.
“f-fuck, yoongi! j-jungkook!” seokjin wails as yoongi hits hard against his prostate.
“shit, hyung..” jungkook deeply moans back, twisting his fist tighter around his cock. he grabs onto seokjin’s hair, fingers moving his bangs back as he locks the strands into his fist. he makes sure seokjin’s looking straight at him so jungkook can see his pretty, pretty face. “can i cum on your face?” seokjin can barely nod, but jungkook sees the bob of his head.
“please, i want it.” seokjin begs as his voice gives out, eyes rolling back into his head slightly. he opens his mouth, sticking out his tongue as his eyes refocus, staring at jungkook, wanting to be painted dirty like he was a blank canvas.
step seven, spoil him.
jungkook doesn’t need any more confirmation. he comes almost immediately, long streaks of white falling onto seokjin’s face. it catches onto seokjin’s eyelashes, down to his pink tongue and chin. he keeps moving his hand up and down his shaft, getting every last drop out and onto his hyung’s now dirtied face. he lets go of seokjin’s hair once he’s spent.
seokjin falls against the cushion of the couch, unable to hold himself up any longer. he lets yoongi take him until he’s coming untouched, cock pressed between his body and the couch. his entire body shakes as he can only whine at the intense thrill wracking his entire core. yoongi’s not far behind, slamming his hips into seokjin three more times before he releases a curse, emptying himself deep inside.
the room is filled with loud panting, all of them trying to calm down from their highs. jungkook peaks over at the window to the view of the city, wonders how a night in los angeles ended up like this. he’s not complaining though.
yoongi pulls out of seokjin slowly, cum trickling out of the swollen hole. seokjin shivers at the feeling, feeling extremely nasty. he tries to stand, but he’s too sore. he winces, looking at jungkook for help. the maknae only stares affectionately at his hyung’s cum-covered face. seokjin ruins it by contorting his face into a disgusted expression. “jungkook, don’t be gross.”
“why, hyung, i think you look handsome as ever.”
yoongi tosses a damp hand towel at jungkook after disappearing to the bathroom to clean himself off. jungkook uses the towel to wipe seokjin’s face, making sure to be gentle. seokjin pouts up at him. “i’m gonna break out.”
“hyung, protein is good for you. how don’t you know this?” jungkook laughs, rolling the towel up to wack seokjin’s shoulder with it.
seokjin yells at the contact. “hey! is that a way to treat your hyung after coming on his face?!”
yoongi watches as they bicker, rolling his eyes. typical relationship between the eldest hyung and the maknae. he helps seokjin up on his feet, offering a towel to cover up his important seokjin bits. “c’mon, hyung, i started a bath for you.”
jungkook leaves shortly, wanting to take another shower at his own room, leaving the hyungs alone finally. seokjin makes himself small into yoongi’s arms, enjoying the hot temperature of the water. yoongi rests his head against the edge of the tub, rubbing seokjin’s side. they’d go for another round if it wasn’t three in the morning and they still had interviews to do six hours from now.
“hyung?”
“mm?”
“had fun tonight?”
the water sloshes as seokjin moves himself up to nuzzle his nose into yoongi’s neck. “so much fun. did you enjoy?”
yoongi hums in an approving tone. he looks down at seokjin, briefly kissing the side of his ear as that’s the only part he can reach. “we have to stop letting members stay when we fuck.”
seokjin giggles at that, tickling yoongi’s skin with his lips. he embraces yoongi. “ah, yoongichi, i have eyes on one man only.”
“if it’s shawn mendes, i’m ending it all.”
“don’t joke like that!”
yoongi lazily smiles. “i’m kidding hyung. i know you love me.”
“i do love you, very much.” seokjin mumbles tiredly. “let’s get out of here, i’m gonna fall asleep and i don’t wanna be wrinkly tomorrow.”
“i’ll love you even if you’re a raisin, hyung.”
“stop, your form of romance is so strange, yoongi.” seokjin laughs anyways, sitting up in the warmed bathwater. yoongi stands first, guiding seokjin out of the tub because he knows the older is still sore.
he helps seokjin into bed and he decides to stay, too tired to go across the hall to his own room. he figures he’ll sneak back before the managers check up on them. yoongi becomes the little spoon, feeling victorious. “goodnight, hyung.”
“goodnight, yoongi. thank you for loving me.”
“course, hyung. love you so much, wanna be with you forever.” he murmurs, completely exhausted. he’s sincere with what he says though.
seokjin smiles into yoongi’s shoulder and shuts his eyes.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



