



Hypocrisy Thy Name is - illogicalBones - Star Trek Alternate
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Hypocrisy, Thy Name is Doctor
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/3293180.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
Star Trek: Alternate Original Series (Movies)
Relationship:
James T. Kirk/Leonard McCoy
Character:
James T. Kirk, Leonard McCoy, Spock, Nyota Uhura, Hikaru Sulu, Pavel Chekov, Montgomery "Scotty" Scott, Christine Chapel
Additional Tags:
Humor, Angst, Friendship, Developing Relationship, Idiots in Love
Series:
Part 1 of
Hypocrisy, Thy Name is Doctor
Stats:

        Published: 2016-06-28
          Completed: 2020-05-02
          Chapters: 26/26
        Words: 91886
      

Hypocrisy, Thy Name is Doctor
by illogicalBones
Summary
A list of things Leonard McCoy is most definitely not.




Not CMO



Bones hated space.
Jim knew that. Hell, everyone knew that. It was practically how Bones started conversations. “Yes, hello. I’m Dr. Leonard H. McCoy. We’re all going to die in space so everything is meaningless, life is curse. Pleased to meet you.” Not that Jim could complain, really; 30 seconds of hearing Bones’ terrifying death rant when they’d first met on the recruitment shuttle was all Jim needed to decide that he liked him. He had crazy opium eyes, an aggressive set to his shoulders that looked like it might very well be his default, and he had thrown up on Jim’s shoes.
Twice.
So Jim committed to him. To them, to their friendship. He liked the idea of having a truth to his dare. Or maybe he’d looked at Bones on the shuttle and realized the world wasn’t out to get just him—it was also out to get this guy. And Bones, in turn, had looked at Jim and apparently seen something worth-while. One day, Jim would ask him about it. But not today. Today, he had something more important to ask. And, if everything went alright, he’d have days and weeks and years to ask Bones all the questions he hadn’t gotten around to yet.
He walked up the steps to their house. Or stumbled, depending on how you defined the term. God, he was tired. Nero was dead. His crew was gone. Pike was going to be fine. The Enterprise and her crew were safe. Bones was safe. But he still couldn’t sleep. Every day the last week had been the longest day of his life. So much so that he wasn’t even sure what day it was anymore.  Meetings blended together, every person essentially drawing out the same exact three-minute speech into hour-long proceedings. He had to audio recordings of the bridge that day played on a loop, so much so that even when he closed his eyes at night he could still hear them. At night, however, it wasn’t his own voice that echoed back to him. It wasn’t any voices. He couldn’t stop thinking about the silence that had suffocated the bridge when they’d arrived at Vulcan. It hadn’t last long, since they’d immediately been drawn down to the fight. But it was enough. 2000 people were dead. Classmates, coworkers, friends, wives, husbands. They were dead and the crew of Enterprise had only been given seconds to process before they had to move on. That’s what kept Jim up at night.
The house was empty when Jim walked in. He knew Bones had his own briefings to attend but they usually wrapped up by early afternoon. Jim could see that his bedroom door was open, the bed empty. He turned the kitchen light on.
“Bones?”
A pause. Then, from above Jim’s head, a voice echoed down.
“Jim?”
Jim frowned up at the ceiling.
“God?”
“It’s me, idiot,” the voice growled back. Jim looked around again, eyes narrowing in caution.
“Where?”
“I’m on the roof.”
“The roof? That seems so counterintuitive to your lifestyle.”
He could hear the growl between the plaster.
“Get your ass up here before I finish this bourbon without you.”
He’d do it too. Just to be petty. Jim scrambled to the open window in the living room, pushing himself through and up until he could grab on to the roof ledge. He looked up. Bones was patiently watching him on the other side, wedged on the slant of the roof.
“You could help me, you know,” Jim said.
“I’m alright,” Bones said back, taking a drink.
Jim struggled as he pulled himself up before very cautiously crawling over to sit next to Bones. He peeked over to look at the ground below before narrowing his eyes as he gave Bones a once over.
“Are you drunk?” he asked.
“I’m tired,” Bones sighed.
Sometimes Bones did that. He’d sigh and say something utterly unfitting for someone who wasn’t even 30 yet. Although he did look tired. Jim woken up this morning to find Bones in their tiny kitchen slicing fruit with hospital-like precision. He’d said nothing when Jim had sat come in. Instead, he’d pushed a plate of pancakes across the counter at him. Bones’ go-to comfort food. And as grateful as he was to take the palte, Jim knew that Bones didn’t make the pancakes for Jim. He’d made them for himself and Jim was rewarded for being in proximity. So Jim suspected he wasn’t the only one with trouble sleeping.
“How’d it go?” Jim asked after a beat.
Bones shrugged and passed the bourbon to him.
“They wanted me to apologize,” Bones said. “For bringing you on board.”
“And?”
“I won’t,” Bones said, bitterly.
He didn’t say anything more. Because it really was that simple to him. He brought Jim on board and it turned out okay and that’s all that mattered to Bones. This, at least, he wouldn’t second guess and he wouldn’t run through the what ifs. Which was really fucking great for him, but Jim couldn’t stop thinking about it. With that split-second decision in the docking bay, Bones had changed history. His decision to smuggle Jim aboard had dominoed out to have galaxy-wide effects. Galaxy-saving effects to be exact. The first time Jim had thought about it, really thought about it, he’d thrown up. Of course he had. Because when you think about the what if of it all, your options are pretty limited. If Bones hadn’t brought him aboard, the Enterprise would have met the same fate as the rest of the fleet. There would be no last-minute evacuation of Vulcan, no one to stop Nero from destroying Earth next or any of the other federation planets he’d no doubt target. There would be nothing. Without Bones’ decision, there would have been absolutely nothing.
Jim took a drink to loosen the knots in his stomach. Bones was still quiet, staring out past the trees, towards the few visible stars that were out. And Jim was staring at him.
“You didn’t get in trouble, did you?” he asked.
Bones smirked. “No. I got a commendation.”
“Me too,” Jim said.
Bones leaned back on the roof until he could look up. “It’s weird.”
“What is?”
Bones gestured above them. “All of it.”
“Yeah,” Jim said, needing no elaboration. It was weird. They were weird. And so on.
They sat in silence for a while after that. There was a small part of Jim’s brain, growing bigger every passing second, that played worst-case scenario with him.
Very early on in their friendship, Jim had realized that Bones suffered from severe anxiety. It wasn’t just flying. It was everything. He cared so much about so many things, and he guarded them so fiercely that there were days he got overwhelmed. He’d start overanalyzing all the ways things could go bad, how he could lose one of the things he loved. And he couldn’t focus on anything until he’d mapped out all the scenarios. So Jim had created the worst-case scenario game. When Bones got worked up about something, Jim would ask him to rank all the ways he pictured the scenario going, from best to worst. It let Bones get his anxieties out there in the open, while also adding a task he could focus on.
It was a very healthy coping mechanism, obviously. And right now, his brain was stuck on the worst-case scenario. I ask Bones, he says no, I never see him again. That was the worst-case scenario of all worst-case scenarios, in Jim’s mind. He didn’t believe in no-win scenarios, but he did believe in worst-case ones.
Jim didn't know how to start. He wasn't good at this. He wasn't used to talking about his feelings. Maybe because they’d never mattered to anybody else. To nobody except Bones, and somehow up until this point Bones had always known the things that mattered. He took one last drink.
“You’re a good doctor, Bones,” he said quietly, not wanting to startle Bones out of whatever thought he seemed to be lost in. Jim shook his head. Bones startled easily. He couldn’t ask him to do this. Bones took a second before turning to look at Jim.
“And you were an alright captain.”
“Gee, thanks.”
Bones smirked.
“Seriously Bones,” Jim back tracked. He’d already started and he might as well keep going. “You saved Pike’s life. Puri died and you were there, leading a group of kids scared out of their fucking minds. You don’t deserve a commendation. You deserve...I don’t know. 8 of them.”
Bones looked over at him.
“8?”
“Give or take.”
“Thanks, Jim,” he said, oblivious.
“I’m not done,” Jim rushed to say. He didn’t need Bones to do that thing he did where he hastily changed the subject whenever he was being complimented. It was very cute and very, very annoying. Bones in a nutshell, really. And Jim was not standing for it this time. Not now. “Let me say what I need to say and then you can do your humble southern shtick where you say ‘oh Jim I ain’t no nothin’ special, I’m just a country doctor.”
Bones very nearly managed to hide his smile. “Two things first. One, that was a shit impression of me, never do that again. And two, I didn’t live in the country, it was a sub—”
“You get the idea,” Jim snapped. “Now shut up for five goddamn minutes. This is important.”
Bones held up his hands in surrender, keeping his mouth firmly shut. He looked...bemused. The lights from the rest of campus backlit his face as he waited for Jim to go on.
“You did good up there, Bones,” he started. Then paused. Then tried to start again and failed. Then cleared his throat. “We did good up there. We saved the fucking world. Not that many people get to say that, you know. It’s special.”
Bones opened his mouth.
“No, it is,” Jim snapped. “It is. We saved the world. That’s not something I ever thought I’d get to say.”
Jim had done a lot of stupid shit in his life and for once, he’d done something right. He hadn’t fucked everything up. He owed that to Bones. Bones, who maybe was as possessive of Jim as Jim was of him. Bones, who smuggled him onto the ship. Bones, whose mission in life it was to ruin Jim’s fun. Bones, the pessimist. Bones, his friend. So despite who Jim was before they’d met, or maybe because of it, he wasn’t going to be stupid and let Bones go.
“And the only reason I’m sitting here, saying this, is because of you,” Jim said.
Again, Bones looked uncomfortable at the praise. So Jim threw him a bone.
“And if you want to get technical,” Jim said, grinning. “The only reason you’re sitting is because of me. So I guess we’re pretty even on that front.”
Bones snatched the bottle of bourbon back roughly. “I liked when we were talking about how great I am. Let’s go back to that.”
“Okay, fine,” Jim agreed. “So you’re really great. The best doctor the academy has ever seen, and you know it, so I don’t have to ever worry about your confidence. You’re also the strongest person I’ve ever met. Not literally, because your lactose intolerance prevents you from ever being too much of a physical threat.”
Bones scowled.
“But,” Jim continued sharply. “I’ve never met someone who holds onto their beliefs as strongly as you do. You want to believe the world is full of compassion and humanity so you see it in everything. And you make me want to see that too.”
Bones scowl was still there, but it was more wary than hostile. Jim took that as a positive sign as any. He took a drink of the bourbon, before passing it back with a sigh.
“They gave me the Enterprise,” he said quietly, looking out past the trees. “As soon as she’s repaired. I’m going to be the youngest captain in history.”
He turned to look at Bones.
“And I need you to come with me, as my CMO.”
Jim didn’t give Bones time to say anything before he was continuing. “I know you are going to say no, but you have to listen. Listen, Bones. You could have any job you want, I know. You always talked about staying here at the academy, working on your research. I let you tell me that over and over again, enough that I really did start to believe it. But I can’t anymore. I know you. I read the reports from your staff, Bones. You can’t tell me that you aren’t made for this. That ship needs you. I...”
He paused.
“I...I need you to argue with me when you think I’m wrong. I need to sit on that bridge and have you yell at me about ethics and philosophy and all the things I’m going to forget when things get rough. And you need to tell me I told you so when you win. And you’ll have a drawer in your office where you keep good bourbon so we can pull it out on good days. And bad days. Because there are going to be so many bad days and I need—”
“Jim.”
“No, listen, Bones— ”
“Jim.”
Jim stopped.
Bones us looking at him in that focused way of his. Narrowed and honest and so very comforting. It was a look that made you feel absolutely seen. It cut you open in the same move it put the pieces back together. Jim’s heart slowed as he met Bones’ eye, relieved. The look meant that despite how badly Jim had been at articulating, Bones had got what he was saying. I need you. Because he did. What was the point of any of it if Bones wasn’t going to be there? Last year, Jim had spent an entire semester helping Bones prepare for his piloting sim. He needed the certification if he wanted a senior role on a starship and Jim had pushed him to take it. Bones had let him, saying he did it only to shut Jim up about it. But Jim hoped otherwise. So they’d worked at it, every spare minute they’d had those few months was spent running through drills and practice tests and round after round of the worst case scenario game. Anything to help Bones push past his anxiety about flight. But it wasn’t working. There was something blocking Bones’ brain, preventing him from committing the knowledge to memory. For a while, Jim had assumed it was a choice Bones’ was making, whether subconscious or not. He didn’t want to be on a ship, so he was making sure it didn’t happen. But Bones was insistent they keep trying, enough that Jim had started to doubt his diagnoses. So Jim had had another idea. Bones, as a person and as a doctor, was extremely practical. Very hands on, action over words. Maybe the reason he was having trouble was because the subject was too abstract. He’d never sat at the helm, so there was a disconnect.
So Jim had pulled some strings. A lot of strings. Okay, it was more accurate to say he’d yanked and pulled and cut loose a fuckton of strings in order to get clearance to borrow one of the two person shuttles the academy used for training. If anyone asked, they were supposed to say that Jim was practicing for his combat flying certification. The one he’d passed last semester. But that was neither here nor there. What mattered was that one Saturday afternoon in the middle of March, Bones was sitting behind the proverbial wheel and Jim was talking him through the liftoff sequence. There had been...a lot of yelling from Bones, at first. But eventually, either Bones had accepted Jim wasn’t going to let anything bad happen or he’d slipped into an apoplexy and stopped arguing. He’d began to follow Jim’s instructions, tapping away at the console with unnecessary force until they’d taken off and the shuttle had crept towards the skyline.
He’d watched Bones’ face closely as they’d crested the clouds. He was focused on the console in front of him. But there had been a moment, a half a second pause when there was no control left to hit and Bones had finally looked up at the viewscreen. He looked at out at the black and Jim could see that he wasn’t scared. He wasn’t complaining, he wasn’t even talking. He was smiling. A quiet smile. Small and unburdened and fucking radiant as the sun had cut across this face and through his hair. He’d turned to look over at Jim with a breathless sort of glance that had hit Jim like a punch to the chest. All their work had paid off. He seemed to finally get what Jim had been telling him since day one: space wasn’t always this dark and horrific thing. It was moments like this. It was then that Jim had realized he never wanted to be out there again without Bones. And then the shuttle had dropped a meter as they’d hit a pocket of turbulence.

“Goddammit, Jim! You’re going to get me killed. I cannot believe you brought us out here I swear I’m —" 

Back on the roof of their tiny house in San Francisco, Bones was no longer looking at him. He’d broken away to stare out at mountains they could see in the distance, but with no less intensity.
“You have this habit,” Bones said slowly. “That’s very annoying. Where you have conversations with me entirely in your head. And you make decisions from these conversations based on what you think I’ll say.”
“Bones, I—"
But Bones ignored him.
“That was a real nice speech you gave there, Jim,” he said. “But you never actually asked me if I would go. You just assumed I said no.”
He turned back to Jim and met him eye to eye. “So ask me.”
His face was completely unreadable as Jim took a deep breath.
“Will you come with me?”
Bones smirked.
“Yeah. I will.”
Before Jim could speak, Bones put up a hand to cut him off.
“But there is one thing I want to make clear,” Bones said. He leaned forward and grabbed Jim by the wrist with a tight grip, making sure he had Jim’s absolute attention. “I’m going because I want to.”
Jim looked from Bones’ hand on his arm into his eyes, staring at Jim in that way of his again. He could try to deny it, say that that hadn’t been the exact thing he’d needed to hear. The speech he’d worked on in his head the last few hours focused on appealing to Bones’ sense of duty, his oath as a doctor and as a serviceman. But what he’d really been after is the same thing he’d been working on for years. He didn’t want Bones to go to space because Jim forced him to. He wanted Bones to want to go, to share the same feeling Jim had. Jim needed Bones, yes. But more than that, he wanted him up there. There was a big difference.  Jim swallowed roughly. Again, there was roughly one million things he wanted to say then. Things he’d been putting off, questions he needed answers to. But there would be time.
“Okay.”
“Okay,” Bones repeated. He let go of Jim’s hand and took another drink.
“There are stipulations.”
“Of course there are,” Jim said, grabbing the bottle. The moment was gone and Jim was thankful.
“I get to pick my own staff.”
“Obviously.”
“I will never call you ‘sir.’”
“It would be weird if you did.”
“I am going to argue with you,” Bones took a sloppy drink. “Big, yelling arguments and I’m going to want to punch you.”
“Again, you don’t drink milk. I am not afraid.”
“I’m going to make fun of you constantly.”
“I’m going to make fun of you constantly.”
Bones drained the rest of the bottle.
“Alright,” he said quietly, setting it beside them. “So what’s next?”
And Jim smiled.



Not Claustrophobic



Spock and small spaces.
Spock and small spaces in space.
Spock and small spaces in space for an extended period of time.
McCoy pinched the bridge of his nose as the turbolift lights flickered before going out completely.
“Spock to Bridge,” he heard Spock say calmly into the comm system next to the door. “Spock to Bridge. There appears to be some sort of malfunction with the operation of—”
“We’re stuck,” McCoy cut in loudly. “In the turbolift. And would like to get the hell out.”
They waited a few seconds before being greeted with static.
“That’s just great. This is just great,” McCoy muttered darkly, surveying their cramped space. All he’d wanted to do was go back to his quarters. That was it. He was a simple man. He wanted to go to his quarters, shower, maybe read a little bit and then go to bed.
See? Simple.
The ride was going to take less than 10 seconds. So he didn’t really think much of it when he walked in and Spock was standing there.
“Doctor,” he had greeted.
“Spock,” McCoy had tipped his head.
And that should have been it. The extent of their interaction with one another when they were off-duty. But it wasn’t, because even simple men can be unlucky. The doors had closed innocently, the ride even began innocently, but then the whole thing went sideways (maybe literally, he had no idea what bullshit went into making the turbolift work). The floor had jerked to a stop, sending the two of them stumbling against the walls. Just after McCoy had felt it was safe to move, the floor had shifted again, accompanied by a wheezing grind, before coming to stop. And now here they were. Stuck.
“Dr. McCoy, why are you on the floor?”
McCoy glared up at Spock.
“No reason,” he snapped.
Full disclosure, there was a reason and that reason was that he didn’t want to have to explain to Scotty that he’d thrown up in the turbolift. He kept his fists clenched against the edge of his knees as he continued his defiant stare down with Spock.
Spock turned back to the communicator.
“Spock to Bridge,” he tried again.
More static, followed by more nothing, followed by McCoy’s stomach dropping even further.
Someone would register that they were stuck, right? This ship had a million and one sensors and alarms for everything, surely they would have one that pinged politely every time two senior officers got stuck in an 8x8 trap. But what if they didn’t? What if they didn’t find them until Spock didn’t show up at work tomorrow morning? Or, worse, what if there was no one left to find them? What if the ship was being attacked by Klingons? What if they were in a black hole? No, wait, McCoy would know if they were in a black hole.
But what if he didn’t?
He swallowed thickly and drew his knees up closer.
“Spock to Bridge. I repeat, Spock to Bridge. Spock to Bridge. Spock to Bridge. I repeat, Spock to Bridge.”
Well that sure as fuck wasn’t helping.
“Spock to Bridge.”
McCoy slowly (shakily) got to his feet, keeping a firm hand against the wall as he did so. Feeling a moderate amount of security that he wasn’t going to puke, he walked over to where Spock was standing.
“For the love of God, please stop,” McCoy snapped. He pushed his arm under Spock’s until he could hit the comm button himself.
“McCoy to Bridge.”
He waited.
“McCoy to Bridge.”
When he was met with nothing but static, he raised an eyebrow at Spock.
“See? It’s not helping. The thing’s busted.”
He smacked the whole system roughly.
“That as well will not help anything,” Spock told him.
“Yeah, but it makes me feel better,” McCoy growled hitting it again. There was another burst of static. He turned to head back to the perceived safety of his corner.
 But then...
“B..n-s?”
He looked up at Spock before pushing the comm button.
“Jim?”
“—ones...you?”
“Yeah, Jim. Can you hear me?”
There was a loud, muffled whisper, then static, then nothing.
“Jim?” he tried again, trying not to sound too terrified. He hit the box again. “Dammit.”
Annoyed, he slid down the wall until he was seated on the cold metal floor. He closed his eyes, hoping that if he couldn’t see the small space he was stuck in, he could squash the panic that had begun to bubble in the pit of his stomach. He didn’t like Spock, he didn’t like small spaces, he didn’t like being stuck, and he really didn’t like space. All his least favorite things summarily packaged and delivered unexpectedly.
It was also quiet.
The ship was loud, just as a general principle. Both in the metaphorical sense and the literal, it was always so loud. Even his quarters had a faint hum at all times, as did his office and his bathroom, and basically anywhere else you would assume it would be quiet. The way he saw it, it was a just a subtle way of reminding him at all times they weren’t on earth, in case he ever happened to forget.
He took a deep breath and shut his eyes tighter.
A dozen different scenarios played out in his head. The crew killed by Klingons bursting through the front door. McCoy and Spock dead, suffocated when the lift’s oxygen stores quit. Jim, dead in some fool hearted attempt to rescue them. Spock dead, because McCoy strangled him. McCoy dead, killed when the lift fell completely. He shook his head. He really didn’t want to die here.
He jumped up, no longer able to sit still.
Pacing was good. Pacing meant he wasn’t completely stuck. Pacing meant there was a least some pitiful level of control he had left.
What if that hadn’t been Jim’s voice? What if he had just imagined it, a weird hallucination brought on by lack of oxygen?
“Are you alright?”
He blinked a few times before Spock came into focus, standing as far away from McCoy as possible. He looked so utterly relaxed, McCoy wanted to punch him in the throat.
“It’s my day off tomorrow,” he bit out, not quite sure why that was suddenly relevant.
“That is not an answer.”
“Well it’s the one you’re getting,” he said. He wiped the sweat from his forehead. He was being an ass because that was easier than being scared.  Spock still looked up at him.
“I’m okay, Spock. Just let it go,” he sighed.
Spock looked like he wanted to frown, but said nothing. He finally turned away, folding his legs gracefully as he sat down on the floor.
McCoy went back to his nervous breakdown in peace.
It was too hot. The space was too small. Everything was too everything, which wasn’t helping. He wished Jim were here. Partly because it was a lot more fun to be bored with Jim than it was with anyone else. The two of them excelled at comfortable silence together. But also because McCoy needed to know Jim was okay. When they got stuck with the bullshit of the week, it was easier if he kept Jim where he could see him. Jim lived for the spotlight but it was when he knew no one was looking that he really excelled at being so very Jim. All of Jim’s worst decisions were made without an audience. McCoy couldn’t turn his back on him for a second. So creeping in with the rest of his current 103 anxieties was the thought of but what about Jim? He tried to focus on the floor pattern, putting all his energy on that. The floor was steady, for now. It wasn’t moving and neither was he.
“If you are trying to make a point, I do not understand what it is.”
He looked over his shoulder at Spock, who was still seated calmly against the wall like they weren’t about to suffocate or be crushed to death if this thing collapsed.
“What?”
“You are lying to me,” Spock said evenly. “You are not fine, that much is clear. So I assume you are trying to convince me out of some misplaced sense of emotion. But I do not know which one.”
That was why Spock was the worst. He didn’t do subtle. He just did Spock. And that included occasionally displaying that special sort of ignorance that only came from those of higher intelligence. They hadn’t known each other that long but they’d fallen into a rhythm. A back and forth pattern of arguing that involved quips that cut too deep quickly followed by guilt and silent apologies and a moment of peace before the whole thing started over again. Even when they were on the same side of an issue, they couldn’t act like it. That would be outside their comfort zone.
“Sound logic, Spock,” McCoy tipped his head. “Keep it up, it’s reassuring.”
“Is that what you need? Reassurance?”
“What? No! I just...need a minute,” McCoy stuttered, trying to mask his anxiety with an elevated level of the dramatic.  He turned away from Spock and rested his forehead against the wall. The walls weren’t moving closer, it wasn’t getting harder to breath, he knew, objectively, that it was all in his head. But he also couldn’t get himself to believe it.
Once, at the academy, he’d managed to lock himself up in one of supply closets in the student labs. He’d forgotten to let security know he’d be in late, and they doors had locked automatically. The closet had been bigger than the lift, but not by much, and small spaces were small spaces in all forms. He’d freaked out. He’d banged on the class walls and shouted until his hands were raw and his voice had cracked. In all fairness, that may have been a little bit of an overreaction. But at the time it had seemed completely justified. After a few hours, a security guard had shown up, dragged along by (surprise, surprise) Jim, who come to the building to look for McCoy’s sorry ass. It was 3:30 in the morning and you weren’t at the apartment, I thought you were dead! Jim explained in a rush, before McCoy had pushed past the two men just in time to puke on the hideous plant in the corner.
Jim weirdly enough had never mentioned it since. 
“What is your favorite color?”
McCoy frowned as he opened his eyes, still keeping his back to Spock.
“If you’re trying to make a point, then I don’t understand what it is.”
In the pressurized silence of the lift, he practically heard Spock’s back straighten coldly.
“I was...attempting to make small talk. That is a normal, reassuring thing people do, is it not?”
McCoy tried not to, but he laughed, honest and surprised.
“Yeah, I guess. It doesn’t seem right when you do it, though.”
Spock didn’t say anything and McCoy stopped smiling, feeling bad almost instantly. He must be scaring the guy enough to cause him to resort to such drastic actions as small talk.
He pushed off of the wall, making sure his legs weren’t going to give out before he slowly walked over to where Spock sat.
“It’s yellow,” he sighed, dropping resignedly to the floor beside the Vulcan. “I like yellow.”
Spock looked over at him and nodded.
“Now you ask me something of equal candor.”
Well, gee, what a treat.
“What...is your favorite food?” he decided on after a moment.
“Plomeek soup, a Vulcan dish made of plomeeks, onions, carrots, and squash.”
McCoy made a face.
“Do they even serve that on the ship?”
Spock nodded, looking slightly less apathetic.
“The Captain arranged it. With Vulcan being destroyed, plomeeks are not easy to come by, but, still, the commissary offers it every third Tuesday.”
“That’s Jim for ya,” McCoy shook his head. He stretched out his legs on the floor. “Okay, your turn.”
Spock fell silent for a whole minute, his head tilting in earnest curiosity.
“Why do you,” he paused, turning to face McCoy fully now. “Why do you always order tomatoes on your salad, when you very clearly do not like them? It...frustrates me. Every time we have eaten together, you pick them out before you eat it, when you could just ask for no tomatoes.”
 McCoy smiled.
“Aw hell, now you’ve ruined it. You got too personal,” he chided. “You’re supposed to build up to big questions.”
“Oh.”
He looked honestly distraught.
“It’s alright,” McCoy laughed. “I’m just joking, Spock. Relax.”
Spock nodded, looking anything but relaxed. McCoy gave him another look before he smiled lightly, letting himself look to the opposite wall for a few seconds. Spock was actually being nice. McCoy felt that deserved some honesty.
 “Jim likes tomatoes,” he shrugged. Spock looked like he wanted to say something, so McCoy didn’t let him.
“How did you meet Nyota?”
And that caught the Vulcan off guard. He narrowed his eyes at McCoy as he frowned. Maybe having the exact same debate McCoy had just had to reward Spock with honesty.
“She was my teaching assistant.”

Wait, what?

“You...you were sleeping with your TA?” he sputtered
Spock looked faintly amused, which McCoy figured might actually be more surprising than his half-assed rebellion against Academy rules. They weren’t exactly rules. They were...morality clauses. And Spock, the righteous man of all righteous men, had broken them. For love.
“I was not sleeping with Lieutenant Uhura,” he said stiffly. “I was courting her.”
With that, McCoy really lost it. He slapped a hand on his knee as he laughed and laughed. The sound hummed off the walls of the lift.
“’Courting,’” he repeated, shaking his head. Spock could sure as hell turn a phrase “Please don’t ever change.”
“I...okay.”
McCoy wiped a hand to try and snap out of it. This wasn’t how he talked to Spock.
“I do not think you should change either.”
McCoy turned slowly. That was possibly the most earnest, roundabout compliment he had ever received and despite the fact that it was said with Spock’s level of dismissiveness didn’t lessen that fact. They were getting too deep here. So he figured it was a good time to complain.
“Do you think they are close to getting us out of here?”
Not that this wasn’t just a hoot and a half, but there were a lot of things McCoy would rather be doing than being stuck in here. For example, anything.
“Possibly. Or they could also not even fully realize we are still inside.”
See, this was why he gave Spock such a hard time. He remembered now.
“Okay,” McCoy said instead. “Best gift you’ve ever received?”
“A glass chess board for my 8th birthday. The most difficult class you took at the Academy?”
“Pilot’s certification. Yours?”
“The course on Federation History all cadets must take their first year. I found it tedious.”
“God, fuck that class. Jim slept through the whole and still managed to get an A.”
“Impressive.”
“Ain’t it just,” McCoy sighed.
There was a brief pause after that, a half a second companionable stretch that was interrupted by the lift groaning ominously. It jerked once, in a light warning, before dropping a few meters. McCoy suddenly recalled what it was about the lift he didn’t much care for. Everything hit him at once, the panic, the urge to puke, the inability to see straight. He closed his eyes tight. Again, he really, really, really didn’t want the whole ship to know he’d panicked after 20 minutes of being stuck in the turbolift. He dropped his head between his knees. One, he counted as he breathed in. Two...Three...Four...
After he got 78, he felt steady enough to sit up right.
He refused to meet Spock’s eyes, even if he could see the Vulcan blatantly staring.
“Have you always been claustrophobic?” Spock finally asked.
McCoy begrudgingly turned towards him.
“Yeah,” he growled.
He didn’t really want Spock to know that. McCoy knew pretty much all the details of everyone on the ship—their medical histories, their STDs, childhood pets, family at home, and so on. As their doctor, he knew everything. A whole ship’s worth of secrets. So, by default, that excluded him from having to share any of his. Call it a perk of the job.
Call it self-defense. 
“It’s stupid, I know,” he said aloud. “I’m in space for cryin’ out loud. The biggest place you can be.”
“Space is relative,” Spock said. “And therefore not as big as you think.”
Distantly, the lift was groaning again and McCoy braced himself. Beside him, Spock gracefully got to his feet. He looked back down at McCoy.
“It may interest you to know that they have almost succeeded in getting the doors open.”
McCoy looked at the door hopefully.
“Really?”
Spock nodded, tilting his head slightly.
“That noise,” he said, listening to the barely audible clanking that echoed around them. “That’s the turbolift outer doors being breached.”
“What? Are you serious?” he jumped up. He heard more cliché clanking, getting louder and louder. Then voices.
“Well hot damn.”
“Indeed.”
He looked at Spock again. The Vulcan wasn’t smiling, but he still managed to look faintly pleased. It was the only version of happy Spock did.
He cleared his throat, suddenly uncomfortable for a whole new reason.
“Thanks. For trying to help,” McCoy said.
Spock clasped his hands behind his back and nodded.
“For the record,” he said, raising his voice to be heard of the noise of the power tools. “I do not think your fear is stupid.”
McCoy folded his arms casually.
“For the record,” he said. “I find it really disturbing that you watch me eat.”
In the end, the door slid open with its usually alertness, which both annoyed and relieved McCoy. He hadn’t really expected grand flourish reveal, but he’d hoped.
“Bones.”
Jim stood at the other side, looking half torn to hell. He was covered in grease and missing a chunk of his shirt. And he was looking at McCoy with wide-eyed relief.
“Are you okay?” he asked, quickly reaching in and yanking both Spock and McCoy out of the lift. He gave them a once over. Twice over. Three over.
McCoy slowly pried Jim’s hand of his wrist.
“We’re fine,” he said. 
Jim gave one last look over before sighing.
“Thank God,” he said. “A circuit blew on a console on deck 3 and it triggered a cas—”
“Hey Jim,” McCoy interrupted, gripping Jim’s arm that had been resting on his shoulder. Jim frowned and McCoy looked him in the eye. “I don’t care.”
McCoy let go of his arm as he pushed past him, quickly but calmly getting as far way from the lift as he could.
 



Not CMO
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Pirates were a thing still, apparently.Go figure.McCoy dragged the dead man out of the seat, trying very, very, very, very hard not to feel guilty. The guys’ hands were still gripping the wheel.“Ah, hell,” he groaned, prying the fingers off as respectfully as he could. Finally free, he gently lowered the body outside the ship’s open door and closed it shut.“Really?”He turned back to Jim, who was leaning casually in the passenger seat, trying to look like he wasn’t bleeding out.  McCoy went back to the wheel.“What?” he snapped.“You know that guy murdered people, right? He literally punched you in the face less than 2 minutes ago and you’re still treating him like he’s your prom date.”McCoy scowled, flipping through the switches on the access panel.“I didn’t kill my prom date, Jim,” he said off-handedly, just as he found the power button and flipped the ship on.“If it makes you feel any—fuck—better, I don’t think you killed that guy either,” Jim spit out, gritting his teeth as he tried to move closer to the controls. “I think he actually died from secondhand embarrassment after you tripped up the stairs on your way to kill him.”McCoy ignored the comment. Jim was just trying to make him feel better. Or he was trying to distract himself from the hole in his side.“You’re leaking,” he said instead, nodding to the green liquid running down from the wound.“Yeah, I think the space pirates have something they put their knives to make it toxic,” Jim replied unhelpfully, poking lightly against his skin.McCoy rolled his eyes.Because yes, of course they couldn’t just run into your average, everyday brand of pirates. They had to be the newest model of pirates. Space pirates, Jim had told him excitedly. We get to meet a real life space pirate, Bones. How cool is that?The problem was that it wasn’t just one “real life space pirate” on the planet, it was thirty. And they didn’t just get to “meet” them, they got to be “captured” and “shot at” by them. Now they were “escaping” and “stealing a shuttle” from them while Jim was “dying” in the passenger seat.Which made McCoy very “angry.”“Bones, you’re bleeding,” Jim said in suddenly, trying to lift an arm but failing. McCoy rubbed a hand across the cut on his forehead. It dragged across the corner lid of his eye, making it difficult to see and even more difficult to, you know, fly a shuttle.“So are you,” he snapped, taking a deep breath as he lifted the shuttle off the sandy surface of the planet. They still had two more captives to get out, assuming they weren’t already dead.“Do you think Sulu and Spock are dead already?”It was creepy when Jim did that.“I don’t know, Jim,” he answered, trying to stop his hands shaking against the wheel. “Do you remember where they were last?”“Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,” Jim drawled. His head was rolling against the headrest, his eyes glassy as he looked out the shuttle window. “I saw them before I got stabbed I think. They were definitely... on the planet with us at some point.”“That’s incredibly helpful, thank you,” McCoy growled. He hadn’t meant to sound as angry as he did, so he sighed. “Just focus on staying awake, Jim. I’ll find ‘em.”Jim blinked over at him, looking truly miserable for the first time all day, even after the mission went south. Even as he’d been tossed into the cell after Spock, bleeding from whatever they’d hit him with, he’d still had had the stupid smile on his face and McCoy had wanted to punch him.“God I feel like shit.”“I know. I’m sorry.”He scanned quickly across the empty fields of the planet. His hand slipped against on the foreign controls, causing the shuttle to dip for a second. Jim groaned.“Fuck. Sorry, Jim.”Jim punched the seat next to him a couple times, clearly trying to distract himself. Suddenly, he sat up straighter.“Waitwaitwaitwait, Bones did you steal this shuttle?”Jim seemed surprised, like it hadn’t been his idea in the first place to steal the shuttle.“Yes, Jim, I stole this shuttle. They kind of blew ours up when we got here, remember?”“Oh. Neat.”“Yeah, neat,” McCoy echoed, shaking his head. Jim clearly wasn’t doing so hot.There was a long pause then, long enough the McCoy pulled his eyes away from the window in order to make sure Jim was still awake. Instead, he saw Jim frowning at the floor.“You stole a ship,” he repeated. “You killed a guy. You’re bleeding ruggedly.”“I am not bleeding ruggedly. What does that even mean?”Jim’s frown dissolved, replaced by a grin.“It means you’re a pirate,” he said. “You are totally a space pirate now!”“No I’m not!”“Yes you are! Look at you! Growling as you sail the seven seas, in search for your stolen bounty.”“Are you implying that Spock and Sulu are my treasure?”“You even have a cool pirate name!” Jim said, apparently not hearing the question. Or ignoring it for the sake of his point.“Ah, yes. The Dread Pirate Leonard,” McCoy muttered darkly.“If that cut on your face scars, you could get an eye patch.”“I am not a pirate, Jim.”He paused, catching a brief glance of gold and blue darting behind a boulder in front of them.“But I am going to be a hero,” he smiled, dropping the shuttle down.“No. Being a pirate sounds way better than that.”



Chapter End Notes
Follow me on tumblr for more updates! URL is illogicalbones


Not Making House Calls



“Bridge to Dr. McCoy.”He looked up from the crewmen’s fingers he was wrapping, nodding to Christine who pushed the comm button on the wall.“McCoy here,” he called.“Doctor. Your presence is requested on the Bridge.”That was Spock. He sounded bored. He always sounded bored and just so fucking done with everything whenever he got on the ship’s systems. Hell, he could probably narrate erotica for a living and it would still sound as depressing as a list of war casualties.McCoy frowned, angry at himself for honestly letting that thought come to mind.“I’m a little busy, Commander.”“No, he’s not.”He set the ensign’s hand down on her lap and turned to Christine with a glare. She pretended to be reading her PADD intently. Mutiny.  “Doctor, it is the Captain,” Spock continued in a low voice. For some reason, McCoy had never really thought it was possible to put so much bored inflection in an urgent whisper. But here they were. “He...”Spock paused, lowering his voice even more.“He is asleep.”//“I thought you were kidding,” McCoy whispered.McCoy poked a snoring Jim in the chest suspiciously. He was completely out, his head and arm slipping slowly off the side of his chair. McCoy poked him again before standing up, frowning as Uhura and Spock both looked at him expectantly.“Why did you need me?”If they had honestly dragged him up here so that he had to be the one to wake Jim’s ass back up, they were going to regret it sorely. McCoy was a firm believer in letting sleeping dogs lie, especially when that dog was Jim and was known to throw punches if spooked.“We were under the impression something might be wrong,” Spock said simply, slipping his hands behind his back. “This is uncommon behavior for the Captain.”McCoy snorted. For the Captain, yes. For Jim, no. He could sleep anywhere, anytime. It was impressive, if McCoy was to be honest. He’d seen Jim fall asleep in a ship’s dismantled rotary coupling before, although he was pretty sure Jim had only done that to annoy him. Amazing, really, how many things Jim did seemed to operate under that exact same motivator.“Alright,” he growled, crouching down to Jim’s side again. He pushed lightly on the shoulder nearest him.“Jim.”Nothing.He patted the kid’s cheek.“Jim?”Still nothing.McCoy frowned, moving his hand up to feel Jim’s forehead.“Son of a bitch,” he growled. “He’s hot.”“Gee, thanks,” Jim whispered, going from passed out drooling to smirking in less than a second. McCoy jabbed him in the cheek again because he could. Jim had the decency to wince.  “You’re sick, idiot,” McCoy growled, pulling out his scanner and running it over Jim’s body. “You didn’t think to tell me?”Jim attempted to wave dismissively, but couldn’t quite get his hand to move.“I’m not sick,” he mumbled, his eyes blinking slowly.McCoy ignored him, concentrating on the results the machine was beeping out.“Congrats, you have the flu.”“How lame.”McCoy shook his head in exaggerated sympathy, reaching into the pack he’d brought with him and pulling out a hypo. “Do you think you can walk back to your quarters, or I am going to have to emasculate you in front of your entire crew? I’m good with either.”“I can walk?”McCoy rolled his eyes.“I’d believe you if you hadn’t phrased that as a question?”He reached roughly across the chair and pulled Jim’s arm across his shoulders.“One...two...three,” standing up and dragging Jim along with him.Jim groaned half-heartedly, trying to push McCoy away.“Wait, wait!” he called. McCoy stopped, keeping a tight hold on Jim as the other man looked around the Bridge quickly.“I think—,” he said, then apparently lost his train of thought. He shook his head and changed tactics. “Spock.”Spock bent down to Jim’s stooped level.“Captain?”“Keep...on track for Kappa Sollari,” Jim gritted out. “I’ll be back on Tuesday.”“Thursday,” McCoy corrected.“Wednesday?”“Friday.”“Thursday,” Jim said, patting Spock on the arm.“Understood, Captain,” Spock said.And Jim gave one last wave to the crew before McCoy got him into the turbolift and heading towards his quarters.



Not a Patient (Part One)



He wasn’t sure when the headache had started.Maybe it was when Chekov was being burned at the stake. Well almost being burned at the stake. Jim had managed to convince the elders of the planet that the whole “virgin sacrifice” this was a little overzealous and they’d cut the Russian down from the tree. Or maybe it was after that, when McCoy had forgot the purpose of their mission. When he’d forgotten Starfleet and the crew standing behind him. He’d seen Chekov’s ruined boots, heard the screams, and all lessons of diplomacy had gone right out the window because the next thing he knew he’d been pushing his way through the crowd, away from Jim and towards the council. The headache probably started when he was yelling at the council. It seemed, in the moment, that every muscle in his body had strained to get his point across. Or did it start when Jim had pulled him aside, away from the council and out of the crowd. When he’d started talking to McCoy in that dangerously low Captain’s voice of his. That’s when he first became aware of it, anyway.He frowned at the pulsing ache that had formed along the back edges of his skull. He ran his hand along it, imagining he could wipe away the pain like a mosquito. Jim was saying something. The rush of adrenaline McCoy had gotten from seeing Chekov was slipping away quickly and he was suddenly feeling very, very tired. He looked at Jim, standing in front of him. Who was still talking. But he wasn’t yelling, which is what caught McCoy off-guard. He expected yelling. They were both so good at it. But Jim wasn’t yelling at him. A yelling Jim was a fighting Jim. But this, the person gripping McCoy’s arm and speaking to him in tight, controlled sentences wasn’t trying to win.
“—and I get it, I truly do. That’s why I let you stay back on the ship. But I needed you with me today. I needed you to be my CMO, to be a part of this mission. I needed a fucking Starfleet officer. We’re not even here for a day and you threatened the Antaran elders, Bones. On their home planet. You’re lucky you didn’t just start a war. Are you even listening to me, Bones? Bones?” 
“Leonard?”McCoy’s head slipped off his hand. Wait, what?He looked around to catch up.Medbay. His office. Christine at his desk. Right.“Chapel,” he cleared his throat. He wiped a hand across his face. “Did you say something?”“I said are you even listening to me and clearly you weren’t.”“Sorry,” McCoy sighed. “Sorry. I was just...”He trailed off.Christine’s annoyance dropped.“I know.”“Are you keeping an eye on Chekov?”“He’s sleeping in bed three. He keeps jumping at every noise.”McCoy snorted.“Can you blame him?”“No, not really.”McCoy rubbed the back of his head again. The headache was still there, two days later. In fact, it seemed worse. The sort of pain that pulled the rest of your body taut with the tension. McCoy always had a habit of making his guilt manifest physically; the tight pinch in his chest probably had nothing to do with being tired and everything to do with the fact that Jim still wasn’t speaking to him.“What were you saying that I wasn’t listening to?” McCoy finally asked as he found the PADD he’d been looking for across his desk.“I told you to go to bed. Actual bed,” Christine added. “You can’t keep doing this, Leonard.”“I’m fine.”“Leonard.”McCoy rubbed the back of his neck and stared at Christine with a sigh. “I fucked up, Christine," he said, going for the obvious. "No way through it but out."“Yep."The jump in topics hadn’t thrown her, nor had his pity.“You did,” she continued. “But you know what? You’ll still be a fuck up in the morning.”McCoy didn’t expect himself to laugh at that, nor for the laugh to turn into a harsh cough.“I knew it,” Christine said. “I said to myself ‘he’s in his office worrying himself sick.’ And lo and behold. Is this what you’ve been doing all day?”McCoy rolled his eyes.“It’s probably a cold from the shuttle ride with the Antarans.”
“Or retribution from God.” 
“Or yeah, retribution from God,” McCoy echoed as he got up from his chair.“So I take it that means God wants you to take the day off tomorrow.”“Christine I am not taking a day off. I’m just tired.”She shrugged innocently.“I just thought you might like the day to figure out what to do about Jim.”They both waved to the nurses left on staff as they walked towards the door; past Dr. Toll in the corner with Chekov, who was indeed passed out in bed three. The burns on his feet and legs were minor. But the emotional toll of the mission was a little bit trickier to heal. McCoy was keeping him under medical observation for the time being, at the very least wasting time until they could get a ship psychologist to give him a full eval. But McCoy knew Chekov would be fine eventually. Time was, in a lot of cases, the best medicine. The hallways were near-empty at this point. Gamma shift always was skeleton crew and besides medical personnel, there wasn’t much for them to do on this deck. Unless they lived there. McCoy rubbed a hand across the invisible knot in his chest.“I can only apologize so much, Christine,” he said. “Jim just needs to cool off.”Only...he hadn’t actually apologized that many times. Or at all. But this was Jim. Since when had either of them ever actually needed to apologize out loud?“Great so what, we should expect him to be over it anywhere from a day to... a year, give or take?”“Essentially, yeah,” McCoy nodded as they got to the door of his quarters. He coughed to punctuate the end of the sentence and Christine’s face pinched with worry.“And are you going to work yourself sick until then?”McCoy gave a very tired smile.“Essentially, yeah. It’s a guy thing.”Christine shook her head as she left him at his door. She got halfway down the corridor before apparently changing her mind and turning back.“It’s not a guy thing, McCoy. It’s a you and Jim thing.”And with that she was gone, leaving McCoy gaping back at her, still rubbing at his chest absentmindedly.
A you and Jim thing.
He replayed the words in his head as he went into his room. There weren’t a lot of things he would ever boldly declare as him and Jim’s. Mike’s bar, maybe. The Thai place on Fell street. He took a deep breath.Tuesdays.It started back at the academy. Neither of them remembered when. But one semester, their schedules had aligned perfectly, leaving them both with Tuesday nights completely free from classes, clubs, or shifts at the hospital. During the semesters, between Jim “I’ll do it in three” Kirk and the poster boy of Starfleet Hospital, they were lucky to get weekends to hang out. So Tuesdays had become a treat. They didn’t go out or do anything special. Or anything at all, really. Tuesdays meant sweats and hoodies on the couch. They meant getting take out. Shitty holovids. Good books. Strong bourbon. Every secret piece of history shared with one another could be traced back to a Tuesday night. Jim would drink and talk about Frank. He’d drink a little more and talk about Tarsus. McCoy would respond with stories about David, about Joanna, about all the fears that would keep him from going to space. They couldn’t fix each other’s scars, but they could help the other forget, at least for one night of the week.He stripped off the layers of his uniform, recoiling as the cold, stale air of his quarters hit him. He replaced them with the warmest flannel pajama pants he had and his thick Ole Miss sweatshirt.Tuesdays on the ship were more important. Captains don’t get nights off. CMOs can never make plans further out than an hour or two. But they managed. Sometimes Tuesdays were just dinner in the cafeteria squeezed into the 20 minutes they both could spare. Sometimes it was late nights on the observation deck, with Jim talking McCoy through all the terrifying wonders they passed. On Tuesdays together, they weren’t the captain or the doctor. They were just Jim and Bones. And it was nice.McCoy adjusted the heat in the room before climbing into bed. It was fucking freezing. Cold enough to send a deep-seated chill into the pit of his chest. Christine was right; he’d brought this cold on himself through his own anxiety. Guilt made manifest over the last 48 hours. He’d talk to Jim tomorrow. He didn’t know what he would say, nor if Jim even wanted to listen. But he knew he still had to try. After all, it was Tuesday. + At first, he’d thought the heat at woken him up.When he’d opened his eyes, it was all he could register; an intense, pulsating heat surrounding him. It made everything out of focus as he looked around the dark.It took another second for him to realize something else:He couldn’t breathe.His chest wouldn’t rise, no matter how much he struggled. His throat moved around a gasp that he couldn’t make. He couldn’t panic. He couldn’t. He just needed... he needed...It was hard to get his body to listen to his brain’s screaming command to MOVE. He pushed the heavy blankets off himself with clumsy hands, rolling out of the bed in the same move. Instinct had taken over, pushing him to stumble over to the far corner of the room where he felt, more than understood, the answer was. He stumbled into the desk, pushing away the PADDs, the books, anything that wasn’t what he needed. He needed...he needed something?Slow moving legs tried to bring him closer to his desk, but they tripped over some of the items now littered over the floor. He tried to kick them away but they were tangled around his ankle now.
What was he looking for again?
He looked down at the objects trapping him. Out of focus, he could still make out a strap of a bag hooked around his barefoot.His kit. The medical kit he’d taken on the away mission. He’d tossed it on the desk when he’d got back. He blinked and he was already tearing it open, pouring out its contents onto the floor, his movements getting slower, more uncoordinated.
What do I need?
He let himself panic now, only because he knew it would unlock the last rise of energy he had in him.He scanned through the different color hyposprays laying at his feet. His chest was still working to take a breath it couldn’t have. There. He grabbed the one he needed, pulling aside the sweat-soaked collar of his sweatshirt and pushing the spray to his neck.His knees gave out as he gasped.His vision went black as he focused on nothing but pulling in as much oxygen as he could. It tore through his chest like knife. He brought his hands to his face as his ragged breathing slid into a cough, coming deep from within his lungs.He leaned forward to spit out what the action had shaken lose from the back of his throat. A viscous black slipped through his hands.It wouldn’t stop. He coughed and coughed and coughed onto the floor. He gripped the carpet and tried to breathe. Tried to move. Tried to say anything.“Computer,” he managed. “J—Jim.”The computer didn’t answer.He wheezed.“Computer,” he tried again. “McCoy to Kirk.”A soft beep from the panel on the wall next to him let me know he’d been acknowledged. He shut his eyes and tried to get his breathing to even out. The details were slipping away rapidly with each wheeze. What time was it? What am I doing on the floor? A breath stabbed through his chest again.“Bones?”Right. Jim. I need Jim. The quiet, confused voice from the wall worked its way through his brain.“Jim,” he gasped. He paused, struggling to remember what had been so important to say.
“Bones?”
“Jim, it’s...too hot. I— I... Cortolin. 10 ccs. Boratnthium, 5ccs. But slowly. You’ll shut...shut down my kidneys otherwise.”“What?”McCoy coughed. And coughed, spitting more and more onto the carpet. It was too hot. It was too hot.“Christine,” he tried again. “Code blue. My room. Tell her it’s a code blue. Tell her it’s Cytherian Fever.”Jim started talking again, but McCoy couldn’t hear. A ringing in his ears had started as he pushed himself up. It was too hot. He wasn’t thinking, just moving. His uncoordinated hands dragged along the wall for support as he stumbled across the room, towards the bathroom door.Water. He needed water.He tripped into the bathroom as the door slid open, stumbling to the shower and turning it on. Cold.He let himself fall then—slip down the tiled wall of the shower until he could collapse at the bottom. When the icy water hit his chest, it shocked another cough out of him.He closed his eyes as the water dripped down his forehead. It was okay. Jim was going to be there. Jim was going to help him.Wasn’t there something else he was supposed to say? + Jim was running.It was after 0100, meaning the halls of the ship were deserted apart from the odd gamma shift crew member. He ignored their stares and the confused greetings as he passed.Something was wrong Bones.As evidenced by the strange, garbled conversation they’d just had. But it wasn’t just that. The scared tone of Bones’ voice had been enough to wake Jim up. He’d already been shoving the hems of his pajamas into his boots by the time Bones had stopped answering his calls. He’d managed to page Christine, relying Bones’ message about a Code Blue.“Where?” she’d asked, awake in the second between his sentences.“His quarters,” Jim had said, before bolting out the door.He slid to a stop outside of Bones’ door, punching in the access code Bones had given him their first day on the ship.“Bones?”He ran into the room, looking around the mess for the man. He heard the running water and looked at the closed bathroom door.Navigating around the fallen books and medical equipment and tangled sheets on the floor, he raised his fist to knock on the door.It slid open.Jim stepped in cautiously, unsure what he would find.“Bones.”His knees splashed in the water that covered the floor as he dropped next to the edge of the shower. Bones was completely soaked, his clothes stuck tight to his skin as the water hit him. He wasn’t responding. Jim turned it off with quick hands while he tried to process the scene.He ran his hands along Bones face, pushing the dripping hair off his forehead. His hand stopped.Bones was burning up; hot to the touch despite the icy water he’d be drenched in.“Bones, can you hear me?” Jim called, watching for any movement as he kept his hands on Bones’ face. “Bones, open your eyes.”“Jim?”Christine was in the doorway, her hand braced against the frame as her eyes widened. “What the hell...”Jim looked back at Bones.“I don’t know. I found him like this,” he said. “He called me.”“What did he say?”“He wasn’t making much sense,” Jim said, moving over to allow Christine to sit down in the water next to him. He paused, trying to remember the exact phrasing Bones had used. “He said to get you. He said something about a fever. Silurian. No, cythiel-s”“Cytherian?”“Yes! That. Cytherian Fever.”Christine’s eyes went wide.“Are you sure?”“Yeah. Yes,” Jim nodded sharply. “I’m sure.”Christine instantly put her hands to Bones chest, feeling along the soaked wool. Her face darkened.“He’s barely breathing,” she said. She opened the bag she’d brought and dumped on the ground beside them. She searched through the hyposprays that had spilled out. “Turn the water back on.”“What?”“Turn the water back on!” she repeated. “As cold as it’ll go.”Jim’s eyebrows knitted together but he did as he was told, flipping the shower back on to it’s lowest setting. Christine didn’t even flinch when the cold water hit her. She held a hypospray up to the light.“Sorry, Leonard,” she whispered, before stabbing Bones in the neck.The effect was instant.Bones took a deep breath that shook his whole body, forcing him up from the shower wall he’d been slumped against. He coughed and coughed, his hand reaching out to grip the nearest thing it could for support: Jim. He trapped the fabric of Jim’s shirt between his fingers as he tried to breathe. Jim tried to help him lean forward.“I have to get Dr. Toll,” Christine said, standing up. “Stay here.”Jim looked up, eyes wide. “Wait, what?”But she was already gone.Jim swallowed his panic, thick in his chest, before turning back to Bones, who was still coughing. He grabbed the hand Bones had on his shirt, taking it in his own. And Bones squeezed back, harder than Jim thought possible.“Easy, Bones. Easy,” Jim said.God what was he even saying. What was he even doing. He wasn’t cut out for—Bones pushed Jim away as much as he could before he started throwing up. The water from the shower washed something thick and black down the drain.“Okay,” Jim said. “Okay. Okay. Okay.”Because what else was there to say? To do?Their second semester at the academy, they made non-medical cadets take one 4-hour class on basic first aid. Jim had sat through the class seven times. You could say he had a thing for the teacher. Bones had brought the idea for the class to the administration, even volunteered to run it. It was such a quintessentially Bones move. He’d seen too many cadets come into the hospital after PT course accidents with mis-wrapped broken limbs, or unrecognized shock, all because there’d been nothing but command and ops students around. Starfleet agreed, because Bones hadn’t let them say no.Because, as Jim had learned the first time he’d went to the class, a passionate Leonard McCoy was an unshakable wonder; Bones’ personality was rooted in the fact that he was so frequently out of his element, to see him in it was addicting. So Jim had kept coming back, just to listen to him lecture about arteries and tendons and shattered tibias. He was patient with the cadets, his voice soft with a practiced pitch. He smiled. He spoke confidently. His shoulders relaxed and he’d even lean against the podium at the front of the class. Casually. After the third time Jim had sat in, Bones had recruited him as his assistant. Jim got an up-close view of the phenomena, felt the gentleness in Bones’ grip as he had wrapped Jim’s hand in gauze or taken his pulse. Jim was intoxicated with the curiosity this presented; the dichotomy of Leonard H. McCoy. Because this person? This smooth-talking genius with command of the room? This was not his roommate. This was not the man who had thrown a book at Jim’s head for stealing his socks. He’d sat through the class seven times, just to spend more time with this Bones. So he was pretty fucking sure he would remember if Bones had gone over what to do when your patient vomits up black tar.He put his arm firmly around Bones’ shoulders, holding him up so he wouldn’t fall back against the wall. He was getting splashed with the puke but he wasn’t bothered. It was not the first (nor the second, nor the third) time Bones had thrown up on him. It was sort of their thing.“Keep holding him up.”Christine was back, Dr. Toll right behind her. The bright lights of the bathroom made the older man look impossibly frail. He’s not built for emergencies, Bones had told him once.But Toll hadn’t hesitated to kneel next to Jim in the shower, not shying away from the water and the vomit.“Dr. McCoy, can you hear me?” he asked, running a tricorder over Bones’ hunched frame. His faced darkened at whatever results came in and he turned to look at Christine, still hovering in the doorway.“Was he right?” she asked.Toll didn’t answer. Instead, he reached over and shut off the water.“We need to move him, Captain,” he said, dropping the tricorder to the ground.Bones had at least stopped throwing up. But he also wasn’t responding to Toll’s question. Jim did as Toll instructed and pulled Bones’ arm around his shoulders, Toll doing the same as best he could in the tight space.“One, two, three.”Slowly, they stood, making sure Bones was secure between them. Christine walked beside them through Bones’ quarters, obsessively scanning Bones up and down with her own tricorder.“Chapel, run ahead,” Toll grunted. “Prep bed 2, get Holbach to pull up Dr. McCoy’s file.”Christine nodded and took off ahead of them.Bones wasn’t heavy, despite the soaking clothes weighing him down. And Toll was holding his own, which again surprised Jim. They maneuvered around the scattered mess of Bones’ room, around the books and PADDs and broken glass lying everywhere. Why it was there, Jim didn’t know.Medbay was, by design, just down the hall from Bones’ quarters. Just as Scotty’s was close to Engineering, Jim’s to the Bridge. It was a short trip that, luckily, involved no more puking. They left a trail of water behind them, though. Especially from Bones’ pajama pants as they dragged on the floor.They shuffled into Medbay, where the nurses on Gamma were already in motion, ready with equipment Jim didn’t recognize and dozens of hyposprays.“Just over here,” Toll said, leading the three of them over to the bed Christine was waiting at. She’d pulled her wet hair away from her face in a messy bun. “Okay, easy.”Slowly, Toll and Jim lowered, making sure Bones was seated on the edge of the bed before pulling his arms from around their shoulders.“Easy,” Toll repeated.Finally, they got him laying down. And Toll was yelling orders.“Holbach, 10 ccs of Cortolin. Boratnthium, 5ccs. Slow drip. Chapel, find anything Starfleet has on Cytherian Fever. We treat the symptoms until then. Captain?”Jim looked up from Bones’ bed.“Can you let go?”Jim realized he’d been hovering at the edge of Bones’ bed, grabbing onto the arm the nurses needed.“Sorry,” he said, stepping back immediately.He retreated a safe distance, to the next bed over."Sorry," he repeated.Jim wiped the water away from his face again and just watched. + It was still early, about an hour before Alpha was set to take over.And Christine was exhausted.She checked to make sure no one was looking before she ducked into the lab. As soon as the door closed shut behind her, she dropped her head into hands. She just needed a minute. Just... 60 seconds to herself. She didn’t turn the lights on. She didn’t cry. She fell into a lean against the wall, holding her face as she just breathed.They’d had a lot of bad hours and a lot of bad days on this ship. But this was different. This was the first time they’d had one without their boss. Since Leonard had taken command during the Narada crisis, he’d been who they’d looked to. They needed his calm, tightly controlled voice giving them orders, keeping everything from becoming too much. Jim was their captain, but Leonard was their leader.They’d gotten Leonard settled as much as they could. A half an hour after they’d brought him, he’d stopped breathing and furthermore stopped responding to any hypospray they had to fix it. Jim hadn’t...taken it well. She’d made him wait in the hall while they’d figured out what to do next. The problem was, they just didn’t have answers.  It wasn’t that the disease was new—in fact, it was the opposite. No one had seen Cytherian Fever on this side of the galaxy in 300 years. Starfleet didn’t have a neat and orderly instruction manual to send them. It looked like their course of action was going to be a limbo of trial and error (and error and error). For now, they were keeping him under sedation, to lessen the stress on his heart and lungs as well as they could for the time being. It was after the adrenaline had stopped and they’d taken a step back, that it had hit them. You could see it, feel it. One by one. A tenseness settling over Medbay, bringing everyone’s voices and moods down to somber levels. Jim had almost been the worst part. He’d seemed to be in a daze since he’d brought Leonard in. It was frightening, Christine had thought to herself. What could shake the unshakeable, the incredible, James T. Kirk?Christine took one last deep breath before straightening up. She checked her bun was still in place tightly at the back of her neck. She dusted off the front of the uniform she’d been able to change into. She was Christine Chapel, Head Nurse of the U.S.S. Enterprise. She cleared her throat and headed out of the lab.The lights were dimmed, as they always were this time of morning. The only one on full being the one above Leonard’s bed. As Christine walked out of the lab, she knew Jim would waiting for her. And some small part of her wished he hadn’t been.“Jim,” she greeted quietly.Jim didn’t answer. He was still in his pajamas. They’d dried in a wrinkle since he’d brought Leonard in. They added to his overall out of place-ness. It was difficult to reconcile that this was their captain. Just in the way that the patient on the bed was their doctor.She stopped at the foot of Leonard’s bed, giving Jim space. She felt very much like she was intruding on a private moment. She had learned long ago, however, that was just how Jim and Leonard worked. Every moment between the two of them felt like it was private; a joke spoken too quietly for anyone but the other to hear, an argument that spilled out of Leonard’s closed office door, a smile, a look. When they were together, they had a habit of forgetting other people existed.“How we looking?”Christine sighed.The answer wasn’t simple. Jim knew that. So she knew he wasn’t expecting an honest answer.“You know Leonard,” she said lightly. “He’s just being stubborn.”Jim looked down at Leonard with a sad, small smile but didn’t say anything. The machines attached to Leonard echoed around the empty room, adding to the oppressive tenseness the room held.Jim pulled his chair closer to Leonard’s side. His hands, kept tightly at his sides, were restless. Like they were desperate to reach out, to touch.  Christine took that as her cue to leave them alone. Well, as alone as they could be with her on the other side of the room.“I don’t remember the last thing I said to him.”Christine turned back. Jim was still looking at Leonard.“I...we were fighting,” he said. “On the planet, after the mission. I was yelling about diplomacy. He’d just saved Chekov and I was yelling at him about regulations. And I walked away.”Jim’s voice made something catch in Christine’s throat. She swallowed roughly, thinking of the last thing she had said to Leonard. It’s a you and Jim thing.“I’m going to make some tea,” she said. “Did you want anything?”Jim shook his head.“I have to go,” he said. “It’s almost 0600.”But instead of getting out of his chair, he just moved it closer.“I’m just going to stay a little bit longer.”Christine nodded. She gave him and Leonard one last look before turning away and leaving the two of them alone. + Jim could spend the rest of his life arguing with Bones.It was one of Bones’ default settings and it tied back to his fascination of seeing Bones in his element. Leonard H. McCoy didn’t argue like anyone Jim had ever met. Like with every other activity, he did so with his heart on his fucking sleeve; he was the only person who would use his own honest emotion as a weapon, looking at every problem altruistically. And it was beautiful. So Jim would pick fights. He couldn’t help it. Bones could get worked up over the simplest things. He could handle life and death and pie fillings and missing socks with the same level of conviction, if he were up to it. And Jim lived for it. He loved the arguments they’d had across the tiny table of their kitchen back at the academy. He lived for the moments when Bones would call him into his office on the ship, ready to argue a point Jim already agreed with him on. But Jim could give as good as he got. Bones’ weakness when it came to arguing was that he never wanted to play offense, whereas Jim lived for it. Unlike Bones, he was willing to play dirty. He had to be, to keep up. Bones could argue circles around the best of people. Jim had to do something to keep it interesting, to keep Bones coming back to him. So he started arguments just for the fun of it.He’d give anything to be arguing with Bones right now. They could continue their fight where they left off; Jim quoting regulation and Bones ignoring him. Bones would be mad but he would still be there with Jim. Because even though Bones was less than a foot from him, Jim had never felt farther from him.He tossed the PADD he’d been pretending to read on the floor and rubbed his eyes. He hadn’t slept much in the last week and when he did sleep it was here, next to Bones on the chair he’d pulled from his office. It wasn’t comfortable, but he wasn’t leaving. He went to his shifts on the Bridge, his quarters to shower and change, then here until morning. Repeat.He’d volunteered the ship for a mission no one wanted—no one besides the cartography department. They were mapping out a cluster of stars for Starfleet. A simple task that should take a couple weeks, that required nothing from Jim apart from watching the ship’s back. Jim suspected Starfleet had let him volunteer for the mission, as a favor to him. They knew the situation. Christine and Dr. Toll had been in constant contact with them over the last week, working nonstop with some of the best medical staff Starfleet had to offer.And they’d done it.As best as they could without Bones. They’d figured out a modern-day equivalent to the cure used three centuries ago, when Cytherian Fever had wiped out half a quadrant. Because Bones didn’t half-ass anything, and that included getting sick. He couldn’t have just gotten himself a cold or Andorian Shingles. He had to get a disease from the dark side of the moon. But he was alive, for now. They’d stopped the disease from getting worse but that didn’t mean they couldn’t undo the damage already done. Bones was breathing on his own, but just barely. His lungs were filled with the black gunk Jim had seen him throw up in the shower and the only way to get it out was to cough it up. Or throw it up. But that couldn’t happen until Bones decided to wake up.So they were waiting.And Jim never had been a patient guy.Bones was dwarfed by the machines around him, by the sheer number of blankets piled on top of him. He’d lost the natural tan Jim had always been jealous of. Instead, he was as pale as the sheets they used on the bilobed. The lighting in Medbay didn’t help and Jim’s heart ached just looking at him. He grabbed Bones’ hand and sighed, letting his head fall forward.Jim had half a mind to turn the ship right the fuck around and head back to the nearest starbase to drop Bones off. Hell, maybe he could just ship him back to Earth. Earth wouldn’t have misguided tribes trying to use his navigator as a virgin sacrifice. It wouldn’t have Cytherian Fever. Earth would be nice and safe and Bones would definitely be bored but he would be alive.“You’re such an asshole,” he said, because that was easier than saying what he really wanted to and confessing how much the thought of the Enterprise without Bones scared him.Jim rapped a knuckle against his forehead. He kept finding himself holding Bones’ hand when he wasn’t paying attention. Or running a hand along Bones’ arm.Anything to confirm he was still there.



Not a Patient (Part Two)



Jim wasn’t sleeping. Just resting his eyes. Definitely not sleeping. Technically he was at lunch so even if he was asleep (which he wasn’t) it wouldn’t matter. Which it didn’t.God he was tired.Maybe it was because he spent so much time in Medbay with Bones since they’d started on the ship, but he actually liked the noise the place made. The ship was quieter here. Away from the engines. But there was always someone here. Walking around, hitting buttons, pushing a cart, tapping quickly on a PADD. The steady hum of people at work relaxed him.Currently, was avoiding calling Bones’ mother. He kept having Uhura tell her Jim was busy; he was in engineering, he was in a meeting, he was overseeing inventory in the shuttle bay. She just kept calling and calling and Jim didn’t know what to say. After a while, she wouldn’t take “wait and see” for an answer, no matter how many times Jim said it. How very McCoy of her.Jim was absentmindedly running his thumb over the back of Bones’ hand. Just five more minutes and he’d head back up to the bridge. He sank lower into the chair and gave Bones’ hand a reflexive squeeze.And it squeezed back.Jim was up and out of his chair in less than a second.“Bones?”Bones didn’t make any more movements. But it seemed like he was trying to. His face was pinched. His hair fell into his eyes.“Come on, Bones,” Jim whispered. He pushed the bangs off Bones’ forehead. He kept his hand on the side of Bones’ face as the man tried to turn his face away. He was burning up.Christine was there beside him already, running a tricorder up and down the bed. The tiny whirring it made the only sound in the room.She put her hand on Bones’ shoulder.“Dr. McCoy can you hear me?”Bones didn’t answer. He still wasn’t opening his eyes. He did, however, manage to push both Jim and Christine’s hands off him.“Easy, Bones” Jim said.Bones leaned over and threw up at Jim’s feet.“Okay, seriously...”But Jim still reached over and rubbed a hand between Bones’ shoulders as he continued to throw up. Eventually, the puke turned instead into wet coughs until they as well trailed off, leaving Bones to sag instantly. Jim caught him before he could fall right over the edge of the bed and Christine helped him lean Bones back down on the pillows gently. His skin was still burning up.“Bones?”And finally, Bones opened his eyes. They were glassy as they looked around, seemingly unable to focus on anything. Jim grabbed his hand and finally Bones’ eyes settled on him.“Jim?”Jim’s could have cried. Bones’ voice was shredded and if it hadn’t been absolutely silent in the room you would have missed he’d said anything at all. But he was looking right at Jim. And he was squeezing his hand.“Yeah, Bones,” Jim said. “You with me?”“Wh—where?”“Medbay,” Jim said, as Christine tried to pull the blankets back up to Bones’ shoulders, but Bones kept knocking them off.“Where?” he gasped again, looking around with a frown. “I...”“It’s the fever,” Christine told Jim quietly when Bones left the thought unfinished. “He’s delirious.”Jim nodded. He gave Bones another smile, using his other hand to again push Bones’ hair away from his face.“It’s okay, Bones,” he said. “You’re okay. I’m right here.”Bones turned to him again and his eyes widened.“Jim?” he asked, as if surprised. “You...okay?”Jim’s eyebrows shot up.“Am I...yeah,” he laughed. “I’m fine.”But Bones didn’t look convinced. There was another hitch in his breathing, a slight trip as he breathed in and he started coughing again. They were loud, unsettling coughs that shook Bones to the core. He fell back against the pillows when he stopped, looking ready to pass out again until he caught sight of Jim and his eyes widened.“Jim? You’re...here?”Jim shook his head again.“Where else would I be?” he asked, but Bones was already asleep. He didn’t take it personal. He looked over the bed to Christine. She was leaning against the wall, still holding the tricorder to her chest. She met Jim’s eye and Jim felt himself smile.Then Christine suddenly started running.“I get to call the Bridge with the news.”Jim almost took off after her. He should be the one to get to tell the crew. But he stopped, letting her run to the opposite wall and hit the comm button. As he heard her call the Bridge, Jim found himself falling into the chair beside Bones’ bed. He just needed a second to look at Bones. Really look at him. He looked exactly like he had five minutes ago. If wasn’t for Jim’s ruined shoes, there’d be no sign he had ever even been awake. But he had. He’d woken up. He’d woken up and immediately thrown up on him, but he’d woken up. And the first thing he’d said was Jim’s name. Jim propped his elbows on the edge of the bed before letting his head fall forward into his hands. He’d finally be able to call Bones’ mother back. He finally had good news; Bones had woken up and he’d said Jim’s name.There had been moments the last week where Jim thought he would never hear Bones’ voice again, let alone saying Jim’s name. He’d always liked the way Bones said his name. The way Bones’ said anything, really. He would surprise you with which syllables he was going to stress. And even though he gave Jim a lot of shit for being impulsive, Bones also had a habit of talking faster than he could plan. This usually resulted in one of two things: a half-formed mix of metaphors or a blinding piece of raw honesty that would take Jim’s breath away.He heard Christine as she walked up beside him. She took a seat on the bed next to Bones. She sighed. God Jim was so tired.“You really think he’s going to be okay?” Jim asked, because his brain never quite let him be all the way happy, even for five minutes.“Eventually,” Christine said. “It’s going to take a few weeks. Maybe a month. A couple months after that to get his lungs back in shape. He’s not going to like it. But...yeah, Jim. He’s going to be okay.”He’s going to be okay. He’s going to be okay.“Which is great because now I don’t have to feel guilty,” she finished.Jim frowned. “Guilty?”“Toll and I are already working on a paper together. It would have been really unfortunate if Leonard had died. Then again, now he’ll probably want credit too, the bastard.”Jim turned around in his seat, slowly.“You...want to write a paper?”“Yes?” Christine looked at Jim like it was the most obvious answer in the world. “Jim, I told you. No one has seen Cytherian Fever on this side of the galaxy before. It’s incredible.”“Incredible?”Christine nodded.Jim stood up.“What the fuck is wrong with you,” he said, only half-joking. The worst week of his life and Christine wanted to use it to help her career?“But it is incredible.”“I can’t even look at you right now, Chapel.”Jim headed out the door. He needed at least a 20 minute shower before he felt ready to head back up to the Bridge. Christine’s voice followed him out to the hall.“A medical anomaly, Jim! Right here on our ship! It’s cool!” + When he was younger, he’d loved to climb trees.McCoy didn’t know why that was his first thought when he woke up, but it was. He was nine and climbing a huge oak tree by the river. His dad was there. He was telling a story, but McCoy wasn’t listening. He was reaching for one branch after another, higher and higher. David had said his name, asking if he was even listening, and suddenly he felt his hand slip off the bark. And then he was on the ground. The pain hit him sharp, like a lightning strike. He’d broken his arm in two places, he learned later. At the time, he couldn’t process that. He couldn’t understand his father was yelling at him, carrying him all the way back to his clinic up the road, anything. Just pain. Indiscriminate, all-over pain.And that’s where he was now. He stared up at the light above him, just like the sun back then, above him in Georgia. For a minute, he couldn’t do more than blink, slowly. Even breathing felt like too much, like a weight pinned him down. Finally, he managed to get his eyes to actually focus on something. The light fixture above his head. It was nice. Simple in design and efficient and he kind of wanted to—“Bones?”He blinked heavily, trying to process the voice. Suddenly, the voice laughed.“You need a minute?”McCoy nodded, sort of.“Okay, I’ll be right here. Take your time.”He knew the voice. He liked the voice. It took him a couple more shaky breaths to picture ridiculously blue eyes going with the voice. Jim.He turned his head and there he was, ridiculous blue eyes and all. Jim was smiling at him and it made him even more dizzy.“Jim,” he sighed. He felt out of breath.“Hey,” Jim said back, smiling even wider. The smile didn’t fit with the rest of him, however. He looked too tired to smile.McCoy suddenly frowned and Jim cut him off before he could even string together the thought.“I’m okay,” Jim said.McCoy felt relieved, though he didn’t know why. He hadn’t even been worried yet. He watched as Jim’s eyes trailed away from his, focusing on something McCoy didn’t have the energy to look for. He was already feeling tired and he closed his eyes.“Hey hey hey, hold on,” Jim’s voice asked, closer this time. “Not yet.”McCoy blinked again, focusing on Jim leaning over him. He felt a hand in his but Jim was still looking across the room, giving McCoy a chance to catch his breath while he waited.“You’ve... pretty eyes,” he said, his voice grating on his throat like sandpaper. But he felt it was really important for him to say that. Jim finally looked back down at him with another laugh.“Really, Leonard? Not even awake five minutes and you’re flirting?”A new voice. He got a feeling he also liked this one. Jim sat back in his chair and McCoy could suddenly see Christine hovering behind him, smirking as she read the results of the tricorder.“Chapel,” he managed to say, though it took a brief pause. Christine looked down not at him, but at Jim.“First time he’s gotten it right,” she said. And McCoy felt he’d missed something important because Jim suddenly sat up straighter in his chair.“Can you answer a few questions for us, Leonard?”McCoy tried to swallow in order to answer but it seemed to get stuck. Instead he just nodded.Christine perched on the side of the bed lightly, still holding the tricorder.“Do you know where you are?”With another surge of energy, he moved his head to look past her, at the dim lights and empty beds and shining floor.“Medbay?”“Right,” he heard her say encouragingly. “And do you know what day it is?”No. But he thought he’d give it a try, since she’d asked so nicely.“Thursday?”“Nope, but good try,” she smiled. “Now last question, and it’s the most important one: how do you feel?”Oh he didn’t like that question. It didn’t have an immediate right or wrong answer. It was messy. He decided to go with the first coherent thing that came to him.“Not...right.”“Not right?” Christine repeated.“Yeah,” he tried to elaborate as best as he could. “Not good.”Christine ran a hand along his forehead and he tried not to wince at how cold her hands were.“I’m going to get Dr. Toll.”McCoy got the feeling she wasn’t talking to him, but he wasn’t sure because somewhere along the line he’d closed his eyes again. He felt Jim squeeze his hand a little too roughly.“Stay awake, Bones.”“m’tired, Jim,” he mumbled.“I know,” Jim said. “I know. Just a few more minutes.”He opened his eyes, deciding to postpone going back to sleep. Because Jim had asked. Someone, at some point when he’d closed his eyes, and raised the bed so he was no longer flat. It helped the weight on his chest. He let his head roll so he could see Jim better. Something was off. It took McCoy a few seconds to process what it was though: Jim was in sweats and a t-shirt, not his uniform. He was scruffy and McCoy felt fear slowly sink in.“You...okay? McCoy asked, because it was easier than trying to put vowels and consonants to the thought.“I’m fine,” Jim shook his head in a way that usually meant he was making fun of him. “We’re more worried about you right now.”“Am I dead?”“No, Bones,” Jim told him gently and McCoy felt his stomach jump a little at the tone. He coughed, then, loud and painful. It pulled at his chest, the force enough to lift his back off the bed, yet did nothing to relieve the pressure he felt. He winced and leaned back.“Ow,” he groaned.Jim was staring at him in a way that he never had before; silent, with an intensity that McCoy couldn’t really comprehend in the moment. His eyes were dark, contrasted with the scruffy paleness of the rest of his face. When Christine returned with Dr. Toll, Jim didn’t look away. He retreated to the next bed over, leaning against it with his hands behind his back. But still. Eyes on McCoy.“It’s good to see you, Leonard,” Toll said, examining the monitors above his bed. “How are you feeling?”There was the question again. It was getting more complicated by the minute. It wasn’t good for damn sure, but bad wasn’t right. That didn’t cut it. Parts of him felt numb, parts felt heavy. Breathing was the only thing that had a definitive bad feel. Every breath was shakier than the last and jagged, uneven pain radiated through his chest and down to his toes. His brain throbbed. It was too bright, too loud, and too much.“Tired,” he finally said. He looked at Jim again and tried to steady his breathing. “Hard to...breathe.”“Believe it or not, that’s good news,” Toll said, handing Christine a PADD he’d been writing on. McCoy’s confusion mounted.“What happened?”Toll gave Christine a look who in turn gave Jim a look. There was a lot of looking for a few seconds before Christine finally sat down in the chair Jim had been in, bringing her eye level to McCoy. “What’s the last thing you remember, Leonard?”At the surface, nothing. He frowned down at the blanket covering him. Water. Broken glass. Yelling. Jim. Chekov. Wait Chekov. He felt Christine react to the alarm above his bed more than he actually heard it.“Is...is...Chekov okay?”“Easy, Leonard,” Christine said as Toll got the alarm to quiet. She placed a hard on his shoulder, keeping him from rising anymore off the bed. “He’s okay. He’s alright.”She looked him firmly in the eyes, nodding as she spoke. It was Christine. So he believed her. He sighed.“Anything after that?”“Th—throwing up’on...Jim?”Distantly, off to his right, he heard Jim snort. He managed to tilt his head towards him. Jim was shaking his head.“Which time, asshole?”McCoy shrugged.“The captain found you passed out in your quarters,” Christine said. “After you called and told him you had Cytherian Fever.”
“Cytherian Fever?”
The beeping coming from the wall behind his bed picked up pace again, matching the way his heart reacted to the news. McCoy looked down at his hands, finding it very hard to believe he was currently not dead. It almost made him believe in miracles. He looked up to Toll and Christine who were both watching him intently.“You...sure...I’m alive?”“Pretty sure,” she said.McCoy was slipping now. It was hard to stay awake. But something was coming back to him now. He took a deep breath.“Have we...had this conversation be—before?”“About four times now, yeah.”McCoy just nodded. That added up.“Can I go back...back to sleep now?”“Sure,” Christine patted his arm gently. “We’ll see you in a couple hours to do this all again. Sound good?”“Sounds good.”Christine stood up, talking quietly to Dr. Toll now off to the side of the bed. Leaving him with the perfect view of Jim, still sitting on the next bed over. Watching him with no less intensity than before.“It’s okay, Bones,” he said. “Go to sleep.”So he did, because it was. + Jim couldn’t stand the sight of green Jell-O.He made a career out of looking at the bizarre, the unsightly, the alien. But there had to be a line somewhere. Jell-O was a hospital staple, so he was much too familiar with the “food.” Other colors were better, they had actual flavors, whereas green Jell-O could only ever be described as being green-flavored. Yet green was default in most places Jim found himself unexpectedly checking in to. Jim argued that no one’s recovery had ever been expedited by freeform sugar molds, yet they were always there. Watching, waiting, faux-innocent at the edge of any tray of food delivered to him. The first few decades of life, Jim had thought it was nothing more than the universe kicking him while he was down—a reminder that, though he may be alive, he wasn’t going to like it.Then he met Bones.Bones loved green Jell-O, was probably the only person on this side of galaxy who loved it; Bones, who refused to eat fried food more than once a month; Bones, who considered adding dressing to his salad as a “treat”; Bones who didn’t trust the food replicator in his quarters, loved free-standing, semi-rigid, unnaturally green gelatin structures compressed into plastic molds. It amazed Jim as well as disgusted him. Bones and green Jell-o made him believe in fate. Green Jell-O was so ever-present in Jim’s life, not for him but for Bones. Maybe Jim’s whole purpose in life was to bring the two together. The universe made him dislike green Jell-O because they knew that someday Bones would come along.But for some reason, when Uhura asked him what’s with the green Jell-O he had just shrugged.“Bones likes it.”Her and Spock looked at each other for less than two seconds, yet Jim felt he’d missed an entire conversation passing between them. They had somehow spotted him at his table, despite the fact he’d deliberately chosen the one in the back corner, where the light didn’t quite reach. Christine and Toll had kicked him out so they could run some tests. Apparently, he distracted Bones.Jim knew that if he went to his quarters, he’d fall asleep. And he couldn’t do that. He had to be on the Bridge in a couple hours. He had learned very early on at the academy that it was best not to sleep unless you could get at least three hours. So he came to the cafeteria, which he had thought would be empty enough at the early (late?) hour for some breakfast while he waited until he could say goodbye to Bones before he went on shift. He didn’t particularly want company, but he could never tell Spock no and Uhura would never let him, so there they were.And he had half a dozen cups of green Jell-O on his tray. Hence Uhura’s opening question.“Oh,” Uhura said, nodding slightly. “I see.”“How is Dr. McCoy this morning?” Spock asked, taking a measured drink from his tea. “I went by to see him yesterday but he was asleep.”Jim sighed, giving a very, very tired smile. “Yeah, he...he does that. A lot. But he’s good. I mean, goodish.  On a scale of dying to being back to normal, he’s like a four. So he sleeps a lot. Can hold a conversation, but sometimes gets lost in the middle. Keeps worrying about how everyone else is doing. You know Bones. Always too fucking worried about everybody but himself.”“He’s a doctor, Jim. That’s how—"Jim rubbed at his eyes.“It’s just like there are entire colonies, right,” he went on, ignoring whatever Uhura had been saying. “Entire species that Bones has saved, in one way or another. I didn’t bring him on this ship solely because he was my friend. I brought him on board because he’s the best doctor in Starfleet. So many people owe their lives to Bones and he doesn’t even let that get to him. He thinks it’s nothing but his job. He doesn’t realize how important he is. And he doesn’t like being reminded of it. But he likes green Jell-O. So the least I can do to show him that somebody out there cares about his life as much as he cares about everybody else’s is to bring him green fucking Jell-O.”Jim sat back in his chair, breathing hard. Uhura and Spock stared blankly. The silence was poignant.“Sorry, I—” he struggled. “I don’t know where that came from. I’m a little tired.”He was so tired. He was never one to talk openly about his feelings. To anyone, not even Bones. Mainly because with two of them, nothing ever really had to be said. He rubbed the back of his neck.“Captain—”“Jim—”Spock and Uhura started at the same time, leaning forward on the table, closer to Jim. They looked at each other for a second before Spock retreated, tipping his head to Uhura slightly.“Jim, we—Spock and I—wanted to actually talk to you about that. We...we think you should take some time off.”Jim’s eyes narrowed.“I’m a little tired, Lieutenant. I can still do my job just fine.”“It’s not like that,” Uhura said gently, her tone of voice being one Jim had never heard from her before. It stopped him in his tracks. Spock placed his hand on Uhura’s back as he leaned towards Jim.“Captain, your capabilities are not being called into question,” he said. “But the mission we are on is not a difficult one. At least for those of us assigned to the Bridge. There is, for the time being, nothing more for us to do but wait.”“Take a couple sick days,” Uhura cut in. “Hell, take a week. We’re going to be here for a little bit.”She paused, apparently changing tactics.“Jim, we all know how important Leonard is to you,” she said quietly. “We can see you running yourself ragged because your torn between being there for the crew and being there for your friend. We’re just trying to politely tell you that the ship doesn’t need you right now.”“Who is ‘we?’” Jim asked, frowning.“Lieutenant Uhura, myself,” Spock said, matter-of-factly. “Nurse Chapel, Lieutenant Sulu, Ensign Chekov, Lieutenant Rodriquez, Nurse Frett, Lieutenant Zhang, Admiral Pike—”“You called Pike?”“He called us,” Uhura said. “Who do you think assigned us this mission, Jim?”Of course. How could he have missed that? Well, admittedly, he’d been a little distracted lately. Which...was exactly their point. He sighed, then narrowed his eyes as he looked at the other two.“Is this mutiny?”Uhura rolled her eyes.“Jim, when I take over this ship trust me, you won’t have to ask.”“That’s fair,” Jim nodded. “That’s very fair.”He took a sip of his coffee, still eyeing them over the top of his mug. He was so tired. And he’d already been away from Medbay longer than he felt comfortable with. He considered the other two.“You know,” he said, faux-contemplative.  “I have been feeling a little under the weather.”Uhura smirked. “Yeah, I heard there’s a bug going around.”“I’ll have to visit my doctor.”“Of course.”“Maybe even stay in Medbay for a few days until it runs its course.”“Can’t have you infecting the rest of the crew,” Uhura nodded.Jim smiled. Uhura smiled. Spock looked lost.“Mr. Spock, you’re in charge. Just for a couple days,” Jim told him. “Just until I’m feeling better.”“Of course, Captain.”Jim paused as he stood up from the table. “If you’ll excuse me. I think I’m going to go take a nap.”He grabbed as many of the plastic containers of green Jell-O as he could before leaving the two of them alone with their breakfast. He made sure no cup fell from his arms as he walked to Medbay. He nodded at every crewmember he passed, ignoring their questioning looks. He absolutely was going to take a nap. Truly, he was. He hadn’t said anything about it being in his quarters. He hadn’t changed into his uniform yet, meaning he was still in the sweats and hoodie he wore when he visited Bones. He made a point of it. Because Uhura was right. He couldn’t be both captain and concerned friend at the same time. He needed to make the distinction clear to himself every time he walked into Medbay. A captain would be concerned about his CMO from a professional standpoint. They wouldn’t wait bedside, holding their CMO’s hand as he woke up, delirious from a fever dream. A captain wouldn’t hold a basin as their CMO threw up and they certainly wouldn’t rub their CMO’s back as they did so. Captain’s don’t call their CMO’s mother and talk to her for hours—about their fears, their worries, about the one time their CMO took their captain to visit their mother and their Captain tried and failed to ride a horse for the first time. That was not Starfleet protocol.The doors to Medbay slid open as he walked in. And even though they made the same hushed decompressed noise every time someone came or went, he felt that the sound was a little more muted to fit the quiet atmosphere of the early morning. His footsteps didn’t even echo as he tiptoed over to Bones’ bed, making sure to avoid eye contact with any of the nurses on duty. Christine, luckily, was not among them. She had already confiscated the last three Jell-O stashes he’d attempted to smuggle in. They weren’t quite sure if Bones was up for eating actual food yet, let alone eating semi-solid crystalline sugar molds. But Jim was ever the optimist.No one paid him any attention as he gingerly set the Jell-O down on the side table next to Bones’ bed. He caught one as it rolled off the table, before it could hit the floor.“You better hope the cops don’t catch you bringing those in.”Jim smirked.“And you better hope Christine doesn’t hear you calling her ‘the cops’ or she’ll punch you in the throat.”Bones rolled his eyes, pushing himself up higher on the raised bed, reaching back to adjust the pillow behind his back with a wince. On a regular day, Bones needed 4 pillows minimum to sleep. He essentially liked to cocoon himself in pillows. Something Jim gave him shit about, without mercy, at least every other week.  Now that he was sick, he needed even more. Jim picked up one that had fallen onto the Medbay floor, placing it back at Bones’ side. Bones looked exhausted, eyes dark, bangs stuck to his forehead with sweat. Despite this, they had a mountain of blankets covering him.“I didn’t wake you, did I?”“Wasn’t asleep,” Bones said. His voice was a rough sigh, as loud as he could manage. Still sounded better than it had the last few days. “I was waiting to see who it was before I decided to be awake or not.”“Ah,” Jim laughed. “I see. I’m honored?”“You should be.”Bones leaned back against the bed, rolling his head to look at Jim better. He looked him over with very tired eyes.“Wait, why’re you here?”Jim rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, if anyone asks...”“Uh oh...”“If anyone asks, I’m sick,” Jim ignored him, leaning the chair onto its back legs. Casual. “So sick that I have to take a few days off.”Bones had to think about it for a minute. Since he’d woken up, he occasionally got lost during a conversation or even nodded off. Or threw up. Instead, though, he just smirked.“Good.”Jim wasn’t surprised. Even if Uhura hadn’t mentioned his name at breakfast, it didn’t take a genius to recognize the threads of a Bones’ scheme coming together. Jim was surprised, however, that it took him until now to realize that that had been, above all else, the reason he’d said yes. But Jim thought he’d play along.“Good?”“Yeah, you look like shit, Jim. I’m dying and I look better than you do.”“Was dying, past tense. Don’t be dramatic.”As soon as he said it, Jim kicked himself. This isn’t funny. But one-liners were easier. He’d rather make a joke, distract, then have Bones press the issue further. Jim was too tired and would end up saying something he shouldn’t, couldn’t. And Bones did laugh, at least a little, before turning his head to cough toward the other side of the bed. Jim leaned forward in his chair, resting his elbows on the bed while he waited for Bones to fall back against the bed with a sigh.“And I knew you were going to keep at it,” Bones continued after catching his breath. “Sittin’ in that chair every night, runnin’ yourself into the ground because you’re you and you never learned how’to cope like a goddamn adult.”Bones’ Georgia was slipping. That happened sometimes, when he was tired or excited. Or sometimes when he just felt like it, when it was just the two of them on Tuesday nights. Jim threw up his arms.“Well can you blame me, Bones? I’m not used to this!”“To what?”“You, here,” Jim gestured at the bed. “I’ve never had to worry like this before.”“Jim—” Bones said, probably oblivious.“No, listen,” Jim said, leaning forward. “Christine and Toll weren’t sure you were going to live. I had to sit here every night because I didn’t want you to die alone. Through all that, the only thing I could think about was the last conversation I ever had with you, I was yelling at you about protocol. And I was worried that that was going to be the last memory we had together. Me, being your captain and not your friend.” Jim folded his arms.“Also,” he added. “You’ve thrown up on me six times, which—which isn’t really important to what I’m trying to say but it needed to be addressed.”He was out of breath from the way he had rushed through that, unable to stop himself just like at breakfast with Spock and Uhura. He looked up at Bones, hoping to God he’d been able to keep up with that so Jim didn’t have to repeat himself. It was out there now and they’d have to deal with it. Bones was watching him, his eyes again looking heavy and tired. After a second, he braced his hands on either side of the biobed; slowly, with a wince, he leaned forward.“Bones, what—”And Bones wrapped his arms around him. It was shaky, it was slow, but it was a hug if Jim had ever had one and he felt it all the way to his toes. He hadn’t hesitated to hug him back. Tighter than he should have, because he’d reached the end of his words but there was still so much to say. He closed his eyes as he dropped his head unto Bones’ shoulder.“Jim?”Bones voice was muffled against Jim’s collarbone. Jim swallowed hard.“Yeah, Bones?”“I have no idea what the fuck you are talking about.”Jim sighed.“Of course you don’t.”Neither of them let up from the hug for another few seconds, until Jim helped Bones lean back against his pillows, shaking his head softly.“Why is it never easy to apologize to you?”Bones, pulling the blankets back up, just smirked.“If it makes you feel better, I forgive you,” he said. “I’m sure I deserved it. I thought it might come back to me, but it hasn’t. I remember going down to the planet and...being worried about Chekov for...some reason? And then waking up here. I definitely don’t remember throwing up on you. But I’m sorry.”“For making me worry or throwing up on me?”“Both,” Bones said. He closed his eyes for a minute, clearly more tired from the hug than he wanted to admit. Jim was patient though.“I also should thank you for rescuing me from my bathroom. And saving my life,” Bones said, keeping his eyes closed.“Didn’t Christine tell you? You saved your own life, Bones. You diagnosed yourself and in between dying and breaking half the shit in your room, you still managed to call me.”“Yeah, but you answered,” Bones said.Jim smiled at that, pushing his chair back so he could rest his legs on the bed, crossing them atop of Bones’. It was the only spot he’d discovered in the last week that was comfortable. Just as he was about to close his eyes, he heard the doors to Medbay open. Bones did too, judging by the way that he instantly relaxed his breathing to sell his sick and asleep scam. Jim rolled his eyes and looked over his shoulder.He was surprised to see Spock walking through the doors, his quiet footsteps still echoing around the empty Medbay.“Captain,” he greeted.“Mr. Spock,” Jim called. “Perfect timing! Dr. McCoy just woke up.”Jim turned back to look at Bones with a smile. Bones growled and knocked Jim’s feet off the bed with more agility than he’d shown all week.Spock came to a stop at the foot of Bones’ bed, a pair of PADDs in his arms. He looked down at Bones with an expression that anyone besides Uhura and Jim would describe as “pleasantly indifferent”—they, however, would describe it as Spock’s version of a wide, warm smile.“Dr. McCoy,” he said. “It is...good to see you. How are you feeling?”Bones was either too tired to be an ass or had read Spock’s genuine feeling of relief as Jim had. Either way, his words were sarcastic, but his tone wasn’t.“Been better,” he said. “But I’ve been worse too. So that’s something.”Spock tipped his head in understanding. He turned to Jim, reaching the PADDs out to him. “These require your signature, Captain.”Jim grabbed them, examining one while he set the other one on Bones’ lap. He gestured at a chair against the wall. “Take a seat, Spock. Let me just look these over.”It was a toss up who radiated more awkward energy as Spock took his seat at Bones’ other side. Jim lifted the PADD to cover his smile, reading through some requests Engineering had put in this morning. + Christine could hear laughter coming from outside.She was surprised to hear Spock’s voice mixed in with Jim and Leonard’s, though. She wondered when he’d come in.She had retreated to the labs in the back of Medbay as soon as she’d heard Jim come in. He wasn’t in uniform, so she assumed Nyota had been successful in her...diplomatic negotiations today. Good, Christine had thought. Jim was going to kill himself if he kept up like this. No matter how much she had tried to convince him that Leonard was out of the woods, he still came in every night, every day, every minute he could. She was relieved Nyota had got to him before she’d have to try. She was not as skilled in communication as Nyota was, to put it lightly.At the same time, she’d been conflicted. Because Leonard seemed to be better when Jim was around. He didn’t backseat doctor as much. He was more animated, more awake, more happy just by Jim being in the room. So she needed him to stay.For that reason she also chose to ignore the Jell-O he was smuggling in. As long as he didn’t complain to her when (not if) he got thrown up on again, he could do as he pleased. She’d figured out that the Jell-O had some deeper meaning that neither Leonard nor Jim would share with her. It was just another of their Jim and Bones things.There was a knock at the doorway.Christine jumped. She looked up from the box she’d been sorting through, finding Jim smiling at her. “Oh, Jim. You scared me,” she said, turning towards him.“Sorry,” he said, walking in. “Bones said he needs Dexacine.”Christine checked the time on the wall. It was two minutes before the alarm she’d had the computer set went off. Leonard must have sensed he’d needed another dose.“It’s spooky when he does that,” she said, reaching into her pocket for the hypospray. Leonard had been doing shit like that all week. He was incapable of not being a doctor. His own doctor, specifically. As soon as he’d woken up, truly woken up, he’d been correcting Toll’s every order.  Not hers, though. He’d get away with that exactly once if he tried. She looked up at Jim, but he wasn’t paying her any attention. He was leaned against the doorframe, looking out across Medbay with a small smile. Christine walked over to him, peaking around the corner to see what he was watching. Leonard was telling a story to Spock, who sat at the very edge of the seat next to the bed, looking deeply interested in whatever Leonard was saying. Christine stepped back.She cleared her throat.“Jim, can I ask you something?” she said quietly.Jim seemed surprised to find her standing next to him. “Hmm?”She made sure she could still hear voices across the room as she looked Jim in the eye.“How long have you been in love with Leonard?”Christine was impressed how little the question seemed to shake Jim. His smile didn’t waver, but his eyebrow rose.“What?”Christine doubled down. She took a step closer to him, keeping her voice firm. “How long have you been in love with Leonard?”Jim looked at her for four solid seconds. In the silence, they could hear Leonard give a hoarse laugh from across the room. In the next second, Jim's smile dropped. He gave a look over his shoulder before he grabbed Christine’s shoulders and pushed her farther into the room.“You can’t tell him,” he said, keeping his arms on her shoulders. “Christine, please.”Christine gently pulled his arms off her, but still kept hold of them.“Jim, relax, I’m not going to say anything.”But Jim didn’t look relieved. He gave another look over his shoulder, towards the door of the lab. He pulled his hands free to cross them over his chest. Defensive.“What gave it away?” he asked, quietly.Christine raised an eyebrow.“To begin with? Everything.”Jim let his head drop with a tight sigh. Christine gave him a second before asking again.“How long?”“Second semester at the academy.”“Jesus, Jim.”“Don’t,” Jim said, looking back up at her. “Don’t tell me I’m an idiot. I already know.”“That’s not what I meant,” Christine said. “I meant...okay, yes, I did mean you are an idiot. But not because you love him. Because you haven’t told him.”Jim shook his head. “I can’t do that.”“You can.”“It’s...complicated.”“It’s really not,” Christine countered.“Please just leave it, Christine,” Jim sighed. “I can’t tell him. I’m not putting that on him.”“It’s not a burden, Jim! It’s—”“Look,” Jim snapped. “I don’t expect you to understand, but I’m asking you to just please...drop it.”He was looking at her in a way she’d never seen before. James T. Kirk, hero of the Federation, captain of the Enterprise, was scared.“Jim,” she started. Then trailed off. There wasn’t anything more she could say. Instead, she just nodded. She’d stay out of it. Leonard was her friend but so was Jim. She wouldn’t push him into something as big as this, even if she was sure that if he were to just tell Leonard, put words to what Christine saw between the two of them every day, it wouldn’t be the end of the world. In fact, it could be the beginning of a new one.Jim grabbed her shoulder, squeezing tightly and giving her a small smile. “Thank you.”She swallowed, but again held her tongue. She pressed the hypospray into his hand.“Dexacine,” she said quietly. “You know how to do it.”Jim nodded. He’d become her assistant when it came to Leonard, handing her anything she’d asked for, watching everything she did with sharp intensity. She trusted him to do this. Besides, Leonard would be right there. Jim’s hand slipped from her shoulder as he turned to leave. She cleared her throat.“Hey, Jim,” she called out just as he got to the door. He turned back to her.She put her hands on her hips.“When he throws up that Jell-O, you’re cleaning it up.”Jim smiled.“I know.”And he left, heading back towards the sound of Leonard’s laughter. + Jim had let Spock entertain Bones for a few minutes while he went and changed. He needed sweatpants. He needed a hoodie. He needed maximum comfort for the nap he was about to take. Words could not describe how excited he was. He loved being captain, but goddamn did he love napping more. He was a simple man of simple pleasures and he would not apologize for that.By the time he got back to Medbay, Spock was gone. He must have missed shift change because Christine was gone too and with her, the stack of Jell-O. Damn. Fuck the police. Bones had his eyes closed but Jim knew he was awake. His face was pinched tight as he rubbed a hand across his chest.“Okay?” Jim said as he sat down. Bones gave a very hollow laugh.“No,” he said.“Well I brought you something,” Jim said, dropping it on Bones’ lap. Bones opened a wary eye to examine the gift.“You got me...a shitty sweatshirt?”He unfolded it and held it up to the light. It wasn’t just any old shitty sweatshirt. It was Jim’s favorite old shitty sweatshirt.“I’m hoping it softens the blow—”Bones let the sweatshirt drop back to his lap. “Uh oh...”“They had to cut off your Ole Miss hoodie when I brought you in.”Bones seemed to think about it for a beat. He looked at Jim. He sighed. He looked back down at the sweatshirt. He sighed deeper. And then, slowly, he put the sweatshirt on over his pajamas. For half a second, Jim was going to reach over to help him. But then he realized Bones seemed to be trying to make a point, so Jim let him. He waited patiently for Bones to finish pulling down the hem and fall back against the bed. He was definitely breathing harder than he should be, but Jim let him have that too.Bones closed his eyes again.“Thanks.”Jim beamed.“Christine say I can take you back to your quarters today?” he said, leaning back in his chair. Bones moved over a little bit in the bed, making room for Jim to prop his feet on the edge of the mattress.“Jim, this is my Medbay. I can leave whenever I damn well please. I’m staying here because I trust medical professionals more than I trust you to save my life. I hate to break it to ya, but no matter how many times you sat through the first aid class, you ain’t going to cut it if I start to asphyxiate on my own vomit in my sleep.”“Mmhmm,” Jim said. “So she said no.”“She said no.”Jim swiped a pillow from Bones’ armada and put it behind his head. Which is exactly what he needed for maximum comfort. He sighed.“Words cannot describe how excited I am for this nap right now.”“Yet you’re still talkin’.”But Bones was fading. He was already asleep, he just didn’t know it yet. Jim didn’t say anything. Just waited. And waited. Until he was sure Bones’ raspy breathing evened out and then he swiped another pillow from the bed, this time the one nearest Bones’ elbow.“Put it back, Jim.”Jim put it back.“Night, Bones.”“Go to sleep, Jim,” Bones said.So he did. 



Not a Brawler



“Do you think she’s smiling at me?”Now, you’d think being friends with Jim for close to a year now would have gifted McCoy a fairly reliable ability to recognize “famous last words” when he heard them; prime past examples of this included “What’s the worst that could happen?”, “No, I don’t think the pie tastes weird”, “We could totally jump that if we needed to!”, and “I’m sure this probably won’t come up, but just in case, you should know that I’m not allowed in the state of Idaho.”But, no. His common sense still seemed to have a blind spot wherever Jim was concerned. So there he was, blissfully unware he had just heard some “famous last words” in the making. “Who?”“The girl in the black dress.”McCoy looked up from his drink, squinting to the other end of the bar. He recognized her instantly and had to try very very very hard not to laugh.
“Wait,” Sulu asked. “Why would you laugh?”

McCoy shook his head, glancing at Jim out of the corner of his eye; Jim, whose smile was slowly dropping as he began to remember why it was they didn’t tell this story often. But it was Friday morning. Anything goes at Friday morning breakfasts with the crew, they’d established that long ago.

McCoy smirked
She was leaning against the far corner of the bar and she was smiling at Jim. And McCoy. And every other person.But Jim didn’t need to know that.“You know, I think she is,” McCoy said evenly. “You should probably go talk to her.”Jim looked away from her and back at McCoy. He was only partly drunk, for all that it mattered.“Yeah?”“Yeah,” McCoy smiled.Jim smiled back, quickly hoping off his stool as he gave McCoy an extremely cocky salute.“Don’t wait up for me.”And then he was gone, stumbling through the bar over to the girl and McCoy turned back to his PADD.
“PADD?”

“Well, yeah,” McCoy said, setting his coffee down. “I had a midterm the next day.”

“And went to Mike’s bar instead of studying?” Uhura said slowly. Sulu and Chekov shared a look. 

“I went to Mike’s because Jim went to Mike’s and needed adult supervision,” he explained. 

Jim folded his arms, but didn’t say anything.
He flipped through a few lecture slides on Orion copper deficiencies. Jim could drag him out to the bar all he wanted. Whatever. It’s not like McCoy would expect anything different. But McCoy was going to study while he was there. He wasn’t Jim; Jim was probably going to ace his ethics test tomorrow without even trying. Because he was an asshole like that.
"It wasn’t ethics, it was cartography,” Jim muttered miserably.

“Oh right, cartography. He had his cartography midterm the next day, but there he was: not studying, at Mike’s, talking to Stella.”

“The girl in the black dress?”

“Yeah, Stella is her name. But Jim didn’t know that then. So I’m sittin’, going through my notes, when Mike shows up with another drink…” 
On the other side of the counter, Mike shuffled over. He slid another club soda next to McCoy’s elbow, staring across the bar at Jim and Stella with a frown.“Isn’t that…”“Yep,” McCoy said absently.“Does Jim know she…”“Nope.”“And you’re not going to…”“I would, but then he’d never learn.”Mike stared at the two for another second before shrugging.“Alright,” he said, walking away.McCoy smiled.He liked Mike. He didn’t feel the need to care, which worked out great for McCoy. He also was one of the few people in the entirety of San Francisco to actually call him “Leonard” and McCoy appreciated that. Not "cadet", not "doctor" not "McCoy." It was refreshing to be reminded of who he was. Especially when he was stuck in classes he shouldn’t have to take, relearning things he’d known for years.
See, that’s what I don’t get,” Jim cut in again. “Why were you studying? Why were you always studying, if you knew it all already? I don’t get it. Like that one time, when we were at the laundromat and-”

McCoy cut him off with a laugh.

“Nice try, Jim. I’m still telling this story. Wait your turn.”

Jim sighed.

“Anyways,” McCoy said. “I’m sittin’ there, studying, and I can hear Jim’s laugh from across the bar. You know, that really high pitched one he gets when he laughs at his own jokes?”

Spock nodded.

“And then I hear glass breaking…”
Across the bar, a glass shattered.McCoy looked up sharply, naturally focusing on Jim because that’s what the whole “adult supervision” part of his job description called for.“Jesus Christ.”A very large, very bald, very angry gentleman had Jim by the back of his neck, while another, even larger, even balder, even angrier gentleman was pointing a lot. Jim said something and gestured at Stella wildly. Her expression went from terrified to outraged and by the time McCoy had scrambled out of his seat, she’d slapped Jim across the face. As she stormed off, the angry men got…angrier, it seemed, and reacted by slamming Jim up against the counter. McCoy pushed roughly through the crowd that had turned to stare, just as the first guy raised a fist. Without even taking a second to process what the fuck he was doing, McCoy ran up to the guy, throwing his arms wide and tackling him to the hardwood right as he clipped Jim in the jaw.They hit the ground hard and McCoy blinked slowly. He snapped out of it with a yelp as two angry fists hauled him to his feet.“Who the hell are you?” the guy yelled, entirely too close for comfort. McCoy looked away from the guy, at Jim, who was sitting dazedly on the floor where he had slid as soon as he’d been released. He met McCoy’s eye and grinned.“Does it even matter?” McCoy sighed, throwing up an elbow and hitting him square in the nose. Jim had jumped up at the same time, surprising the second man, who had been staring at McCoy and his friend like he wanted to jump in.With a yell, the guy dropped McCoy as his hands went up to cradle his face. McCoy didn’t think he’d used enough force to break his nose, but he still felt bad. 
“Why do you always do that?” Jim said. “You just set up this beautifully badass story of you rushing in to save the day, and then you have to completely ruin it by feeling bad. I don’t understand.”

“It wasn’t that guy’s fault he was in the fight. It was yours. I wanted to apologize to him.”

“Until he gave you the concussion?”

“Until he gave me the concussion, yeah.”
McCoy stumbled over to Jim, who had the other man pinned to the ground with a knee to his chest.“If I fail my midterm, I’m taking one of your kidneys.”Jim frowned, his lip split, as the guy beneath him struggled.“That’s a weirdly specific threat,” he said.“Well, it’s—”Something smacked the back of his head and everything went black.
"So Bones just drops, glass going everywhere,” Jim was back in the story, sitting at the edge of his seat as he looked out at the table. “The guy had broken a bottle over his head. I’m freaking out because he’s not moving.”

“I was only out for like thirty seconds,” McCoy added. “By the time I come to, the guy already has me against the edge of the bar and Jim’s on the ground getting the shit kicked out of him.”

“Yeah, I had everything under control until you let yourself get knocked out. I was trying to get to you when the guy rolled and kicked me in the ribs. He broke three of them in one hit.”

“He fractured them. Barely. You drama queen.”

“Whatever,” Jim dismissed. “So the guy pins me to the ground and just goes to town. I’m bleeding everywhere; everyone was yelling and then Bones wakes up and starts fighting dirty…”
McCoy shook his head, trying to see straight. He felt his feet leaving the floor.“Jim!” he yelped, just before the guy slammed him against the edge of the counter. He gasped, trying to breathe as he blurrily saw the guy raise a fist. He braced himself for the hit that still managed to make his whole body hum and set his teeth on edge. He tried to yell just as the guy hit him again. He felt a molar loosen. The guy was pressed so close to him that his arms where effectively pinned, but his legs were free. Before the guy could hit him again, McCoy raised a foot up and kicked him between the legs.It was a cheap shot, but fair in the sense that he still couldn’t see anything clearly, so he hadn’t really been aiming there specially.The guy dropped to floor and McCoy stumbled away from him. He looked around just as Jim came flying across the floor before landing in a heap at McCoy’s feet. At least, the vague outline he could make out looked like Jim. Regardless, he reached down and pulled him to his feet.“Not dead?”“Not dead,” McCoy assured him.“Good,” Jim said, before they both turned back to their respective angry bald gentleman.McCoy’s guy stood up straight with a bear-like like snarl before charging at him. McCoy sidestepped him and threw a wild right hook that actually managed to land. The guy rolled with it, though, and swung around, catching McCoy’s arm and twisting it behind his back. Using McCoy’s own weight against him, the guy shoved him to the ground. McCoy didn’t have time to react as the guy grinned down at him, raising a leg.
"So I see that, right, and I’m like ‘ohshitohshitohshit!’” Jim said. “The guy I was fighting is on the ground, I think I had dislocated his shoulder or something, so I just jump in.”

“Yeah, he came out of nowhere and…”
Jim came out of nowhere and tackled the man into the crowd surrounding them and McCoy blinked up at the ceiling, wiping the blood off his face with his sleeve.“Do I really have to call the police, Leonard?”McCoy rolled his eyes until he could see Mike standing above him, shaking his head. McCoy held out a hand.“No, I can handle it,” he groaned as Mike pulled him to his feet. “You really couldn’t have brought that out sooner?”He nodded at the phaser in Mike’s hand.“I could have, but then you’d never learn.”He let McCoy stumble over to Jim, who had the guy pushed against the wall.“Time to go, Jimmy,” he said, grabbing him roughly by the shoulders and pulling him off. Jim tried to push McCoy off, but McCoy held on until they had made it through the doors of the bar and onto the sidewalk.They were going as fast as they could away from Mike’s, which wasn’t saying much. McCoy still was seeing double and every single inch of him ached. Jim kept stumbling into him as he ran and occasionally would spit blood onto the road.Finally, they made it back to parking lot of the dorm. Neither of them particularly felt up for the stairs at the moment, so they dropped down to the bus bench. Jim put his hands on his knees as he bent over and breathed deeply, while McCoy flexed his hands and winced when it pulled on the split skin.It was close to 2 in the morning and it was quiet.Everyone on campus was either studying or sleeping, so it left Jim and McCoy entirely alone to soak up the fact that they were still relatively intact. It was, if McCoy was to be honest, quite a nice moment.Then Jim started laughing.He laughed and laughed, great, hysterical noises as he dropped his head against the back of the bench. McCoy leaned back too, kind of losing all motivation to remain upright as Jim continued to giggle like the child he was.“Holy shit, Bones,” he said. “Holy shit.”“I know.”Jim reached over and pulled a chunk of glass from McCoy’s hair.“That was awesome,” he marveled. “You are awesome.”“I think I have a concussion,” McCoy mumbled absently, swatting Jim’s hand away.“But you had fun, didn’t you, Boneeesssssssssss,” Jim dragged out with a smirk. McCoy punched him in the arm.“You’re bleeding,” he said angrily. “A lot. I think I have a concussion. We need to get back upstairs so I can get my medkit.”“I think we should just stay here,” Jim sighed, closing his eyes. “That seems like a good idea.”McCoy wanted to protest but he kinda couldn’t argue with that logic. Not moving did sound like a good idea. He folded his arms.“You…you gotta wake me up if I fall asleep,” he said weakly. “I think I have a concussion.”Jim’s head dropped onto his shoulder.“Okay, but you have to wake me up first.”“I…okay. I will.”“Okay,” Jim repeated. “Sounds good.” “So neither of us woke each other up,” McCoy said, shaking his head. “We woke up when the city bus showed up the next morning.”“And we scare the shit out of everyone waiting for the bus because we both just jump up at the noise,” Jim added. “There was a thirty second delay where we just looked at each other before realizing we were going to be late for the midterms.”“We just booked it,” McCoy said, throwing his arm wide. “But we still have blood coverin’ everything. Jim’s ribs are cracked, I’ve got a concussion, we’re bruised like you wouldn’t imagine and we are sprintin’ through the campus like jack rabbits on fire.”“Then we split up,” Jim cuts in. “Bones heads to Sterry and I jolt through the door of my lab in Boone with 30 seconds to spare.”“Our professors both look at us like we are fucking insane,” McCoy stresses. “But you know what?”“What?” Chekov asked excitedly, having followed the whole story from the edge of his seat.“Bones got a 98 on his test and I got a 99,” Jim grinned.“I would have gotten a hundred if I had been in my right mind,” McCoy protested. “But whatever. So we finish our exams and meet back up at the dorm. I patched us up the best I could and then we went for pancakes at a diner down the road.”“So, back to your question, Sulu,” Jim said, smiling as he twisted his fork through the rest of his breakfast. “Those were the best pancakes I ever had in my life. I’ve had some good pancakes before, but they were not even close to those.”“Yeah,” McCoy sighed, nodding slowly as he leaned back in his chair to look at Jim. “We’ve even been back to the same diner. Those were once-in-a-lifetime pancakes.”They lapsed into wistful silence.Except for Sulu, who slammed his hand on the table.“Am I the only one who wants to know who the girl was?” he asked as he looked around the table.McCoy grinned.“Go on, Captain,” he said, nudging Jim with his elbow. “Tell’em.”Jim folded his arms and gave McCoy a desperate glare.“She was…an escort,” Jim mumbled, dropping his eyes to his plate.“She was a prostitute,” McCoy corrected quickly.Their reactions had been just as McCoy had suspected:Sulu and Uhura grinned.Chekov went red.Spock frowned.And McCoy just laughed.“But I swear I didn’t know!” Jim said.“You…you just thought she liked you?” Sulu said.Jim glared at him.Uhura reached out and patted his arm with a sympathetic smile.“That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever heard, Captain,” she said. Jim jerked his arm out her reach and used it to punch McCoy in the shoulder.“You just love telling that story, don’t you?” he snapped.“What was I supposed to say?” McCoy shot back. He gestured at Sulu. “The man sits down and says ‘hey, what are the best pancakes you have ever had?’ and you think I wasn’t going to tell that story?”Jim kicked back his chair as he glared around the table.“No more stupid questions before 9 am,” he snapped. “And no one gets to ask Bones anymore questions ever again.”“‘Anymore questions ever again,’” McCoy smirked. “Really, Jim? Please, tell us how you plan on issuing that as a formal order.”Jim grabbed his plate.“I don’t know. But I will,” he said. “Good day, Leonard.”McCoy gave a mock salute.“James,” he drawled.Jim clenched his jaw as he stalked away from the table, leaving McCoy to chuckle into his coffee and the other four to stare after their captain.There was an awkward silence.“Uhhh,” Chekov said quietly. “I like my pancakes with jam.”McCoy’s smile dropped.“That’s disgusting, kid.” 



Not a Criminal



“Sir?”Jim jerked awake, his head slipping off his hand as he looked around wildly. “Huh?”“I can take you back now,” the officer held the ring of keys. Actual, honest to god metal keys. Amazing.“Ah. Okay. Great,” Jim said. He jumped up from the chair. He felt uncommonly uncomfortable as he looked around the empty lobby. “Sounds good.”The other man mmmhmm’ed as he gave Jim a second look. His name was…it was…something. Officer something of the Something Something PD. He had told it to Jim at least three times in the last hour, repeating it like he somehow knew Jim was struggling to retain it. In Jim’s defense, it was four in the morning and he still wasn’t entirely sure this wasn’t some surrealist hallucination brought on by being exposed to Terran air for the first time in months. Regardless of if it was, Jim still followed Officer Something down the hall. The whole place was dark. Of course it was. As previously noted, it was four in the morning. People weren’t intended to need light at four in the morning. They were intended to be sleeping.Until an hour ago, Jim had been sleeping.It had been nice; he totally recommended it.“We were going to wait til morning to call you,” the officer said. “But the angry one kept yelling, so…”The angry one. Bones.Jim nodded absently, eyeing the door they’d stopped in front of. It was old. In fact, the whole place was old, like a monument from the past left to fend for itself. Jim was from Iowa, but this place managed to outdo even that. Kudos for them.“But they’re alright, right?”The officer laughed darkly, swinging his keys around his finger.“Well,” he said idly. “The skinny guy got a little banged up when he fell.”Skinny guy. Spock.“The giggling idiot broke his hand when he punched the car window. The little fella can’t hold his liquor, so he’s a little jumpy. The woman is terrifying, so I didn’t actually get a good look at her.”The giggling idiot. Scotty.The little fella. Chekov.The woman. Uhura.“And then Lieutenant Sulu is alright. Filthy as all holy hell, but alright.”Jim frowned. “You know Sulu?”The officer looked over his shoulder as he unlocked the door.“No. But he kept yelling his name at us.”Jim bit the inside of his lip, shooting for a look of stony annoyance. That’s what was expected, right? That’s what Bones usually did and he was the only authority Jim had on this sort of thing.“What about the angry one?”“Well…he’s angry,” the officer said blunty. “We kept the handcuffs on him, just to be safe. He’s wilier than he looks, I’ll give ‘em that.”“And the other officer…”“Isn’t pressing charges,” the officer assured him. “Frankly Mr. Kirk, we all just got a hoot out of the whole thing.”Mr. Kirk. Not captain. So they hadn't made the Starfleet connection yet. That was good.Jim sighed. “I appreciate that. And the angry one will too, once he calms down. He’s not usually like this, I swear.”“Mmmhmmm,” the officer repeated as he pulled the door open. “You wanna few minutes alone before I let them out?”
Oh God. Act cool. Don’t smile. You’re supposed to be angry.
“Yeah,” Jim nodded thoughtfully. “Better read them the riot act and all that, you know?”The officer nodded and wordlessly gestured him through the open door. Jim shook his hand and walked in.Now, on a good day, this was his team. The tops. Starfleet’s best and brightest and Jim’s personal, hand-picked favorites. They had deserved a vacation. The Enterprise needed a minor refit, so why not give the whole crew a week off? They were in Nebraska for fuck’s sake.What trouble could they possible get up to in Nebraska? Jim had thought. They’ll be fine. I can spend the day away. They can handle 16 hours without me.There was only one cell (because it was Nebraska) and one half-ass light flickered in front of it. Jim took a minute to really soak the experience in. This was new. He hadn’t expected new in Nebraska.He leaned back on the heels of shoes and dropped his hands into his pocket, to better take in the big picture.Because what a picture it was.The officer had warned him of the mud, but he hadn’t done it justice. They were all covered in it. Uhura had it matted in her hair, Scotty was wearing a mask of it, and Bones was dripping it off the hems of his pants. Chekov and Sulu had it up to their necks. Every part of Spock was soaked in it, except for his shirt, which was very clearly a gift from someone at the police station. It was four sizes too big for his small frame. It was also bright orange and said “Kansas City Slew Rollers” across the front.Jim didn’t know what a slew roller was, but he sure as hell knew his first officer was not one.Scotty’s hand was wrapped in a clean bandage that stuck out against the mud. He kept it cradled against his chest as he slept against the corner. He wasn’t giggling anymore.Sulu was also on the floor, leaning against the wall away from the group.Spock was on the end of the bench, his arms folded over his new shirt and Uhura’s head on his shoulder. Chekov was lying next to her, folded awkwardly to keep everything on the bench. He was snoring quietly.And then there was Bones.The angry one.He was at the other end of the bench. Like Officer Something had said, he was still handcuffed, so he kept his hands dropped to his lap. His shirt was ripped up one of the sleeves, showing even more mud underneath. His head dipped down to his chest as he slept.Jim hated to wake them up, but goddamn was he excited.There had been a time when Jim had been a criminal. He had accepted that long ago. It had just been part of who he was. So he liked to get into trouble. Big deal. But he’d moved on. The last time he’d been arrested was at the academy and that hadn’t been trouble, so much as just one giant misunderstanding. It was before they were even really friends yet but Bones had picked him up, because that’s what Bones does, and he had been angry. Beyond angry. It had been terrifying and humiliating to listen to the lecture Bones had given him before he would let the officer release him. Nobody gave the riot act like Bones did, that was for damn sure. So Jim knew he could never compete with that, objectively. He should be angry, but he wasn’t, because this was the greatest thing that could have ever happened in Nebraska.He cleared his throat and whistled the same boatswain whistle they all knew so instinctively.Chekov yelped as he dropped off the bench. Uhura’s head slipped off Spock’s shoulder. Scotty rubbed at his eyes. Bones face pinched but he kept his eyes closed.“Well, well, well,” Jim braced himself on the bars of the cell as he looked at them all.They all landed at various point on the drunk scale, ranging from Spock who looked completely unfazed to Sulu, who was still passed out. Bones shook his head a few times, squinting at Jim until he could make him out fully.“Jim,” he said, pushing off the bench and stumbling over to the bars. He tripped a little over Scotty but plowed on ahead. “Jim. How was your trip?”It was the strangest thing, being on the other side of this conversation. Usually, it’s Jim making the desperate, wild grasps to try and change the topic. He hoped to God his were a little more convincing than Bones’.“It’s cute that you think that’ll actually work,” he said, shaking his head. Bones barely missed a beat before raising an eyebrow.“Aw, do you really think I’m cute?” he smirked. Another attempt at distraction. But one Jim couldn't quite resist at 4 in the morning. He leaned in closer and gave a purposefully unsubtle leer.“When you aren’t covered in mud and handcuffed, yeah,” he said. “You can be pretty cute.”“What? I woulda figured you for a dirty handcuff kind of guy.”“Oh, well, I’m always up for something ne-”“I have to pee,” Scotty whined from the floor, cutting Jim off mid-innuendo. His good arm was blocking his eyes from the light. “And my hand is broken. Please…could ya not?”Jim and Bones both took a step back. Bones cleared his throat.“Scotty’s just mad because Uhura locked him in a car with a chicken,” he said defensively.“What?” Uhura snapped. She pushed off of the wall, as terrifying as the officer had said. “I did not. That was Sulu and Chekov! I just caught the chicken for them.”“That makes you equal parts guilty, Nyota,” Spock muttered quietly. “The chicken was the main reason for concern.”Uhura waved a hand to shush him. She then pointed a finger at McCoy.“He’s the one who told me that Scotty was afraid of chickens! And he found the car in the shed. If Scotty hadn’t broken that window, the police would never have been involved. This is his fault.”“Me? Hell no. Spock was the one who said we should go to the farm!”Spock looked patiently up at Jim.“Captain, I merely pointed out the barn as a focal point of interest,” he said. “I did not intend for Mr. Scott to break a car window nor did I wish to fall into the well.”“Yeah, but you did and who had to pull you out? Me. And look where that got me,” Bones shook the handcuffs. “Some thanks I get.”“I did not ask you to assault the police officer, Doctor,” Spock said. “You took that initiative on your own.”Bones rolled his eyes and turned back to Jim.“They wouldn’t let me help,” he explained. “I thought he had broken his neck.”“I told you I was fine more than three times before you decided to rescue me. If my neck had been broken, how would I have accomplished that?”“I don’t know! But I’m startin’ to wish I had left you down there,” Bones snapped.“I was already making progress without your assistance, I could have made it unaided,” he bristled uncomfortably. “And if we really are set on placing blame, it was Mr. Scott’s idea to go to the bar.”“Of course it was,” Scotty muttered miserably from the floor. “What else were we going to do?”“We could have not trespassed,” Spock said quietly. “Dr. McCoy could have not tackled that officer. Mr. Chekov could have not gotten stuck in the mud.”“I lost a shoe, Captain,” Chekov said, looking up at Jim from the floor.“We’ll get you a new one,” Jim promised. “As soon as we get back.”“Speaking of that, I still have to pee,” Scotty called loudly. “And my hand is still broken.”“Your fear of chickens is irrational and you deserve it,” Uhura said coolly.“Okay, that’s probably enough…” Jim sighed.“Your boyfriend fell in a well, you have no right to talk,” Bones turned to her.“Guys…”“You punched a police officer,” Uhura pointed out. “Talk about irrational.” “No, Scotty’s fear of chickens is irrational,” Bones said.“I already said that!”“Well I said it again!”“I have to pee!”“ENOUGH!”Everyone turned to look at Jim. “Just…enough, okay? You guys want out of here or not?”“Christ, yes. I have to pee,” Scotty said, heaving himself up so he could stumble towards the door.Bones and Uhura glared at each other another moment before breaking off.“One day. I’m gone one day and this is what happens,” Jim told them all as headed to go find the officer. He opened the door and popped his head out.“I think we’re all good to go now, officer,” he said, forcing his face into a frown for appearance’s sake.Officer Something jumped up from his seat and pushed past Jim, pulling out his ring of keys. The officer cocked an eyebrow at the assembled band of criminals.“You guys learn your lesson?”They all nodded, except for Sulu, who was still asleep in the corner. Oh yeah. Jim had totally forgotten about him. The officer mmmmhmmm’ed one last time before opening the cell door. Scotty jumped out first, followed by Uhura and Spock standing shoulder to shoulder. Chekov bent down to drag Sulu to the door. The lieutenant blinked over to Jim.“Captain?” he slurred.“Lieutenant,” Jim nodded. “You okay?”“I…don’t know...?”“Okay,” Jim smiled, patting the man on the shoulder as he passed.Bones brought up the rear, looking guilty as he watched the officer undo the cuffs.“I didn’t mean to hit that officer,” he blurted out. “Well I did…but I don’t usually. I’m a doctor.”The officer raised an eyebrow, but turned back to talk directly to Jim.“Don’t let it happen again.”Jim nodded quickly, pulling Bones through the door by his wrist. “You can count on that, officer. He really is a doctor. He doesn’t do this kind of stuff. Look at him, he can’t handle it.”“Mmmmhmmm,” the officer said, pocketing the keys. “Have a good night, gentlemen.”Bones walked entirely too close to him as they left the station, trailing behind the others. They were in Nebraska, so they were stuck walking the entire way back to hotel. This time, with no pit stops at barns with wells and chickens and cars.Bones tilted his head until he could see the moon and he sighed. He smiled when he caught Jim looking at him.“What?”“Nothing,” Jim shrugged, but Bones continued to stare. “Just…hell of a story you guys got now.”“Oh yeah, I can’t wait to call home to my mother about this one.”Jim laughed, watching the bright color of Spock’s shirt as he walked.“Well, I liked it. I think this sort of thing is good for you.”“Physically assaulting a police officer is good for me? Are you insane? Have you been drinking?”“Not as much as you guys, apparently.  Chekov can’t even walk straight.”“That’s because he’s missing a shoe, Jim.”“Oh, right,” Jim remembered.Bones’ shoulder was digging into his now and it was distracting. But he didn’t want to say anything. They slipped into silence for a few minutes, listening to Chekov catching Sulu up on what had happened since he passed out. Jim definitely hadn’t taken Sulu as a lightweight, so he was kind of excited about what he could do with that information. Same with Scotty’s fear of chickens. He couldn’t believe Bones had never told him that. That is definitely something you tell to everyone you possibly can. Still, locking him in the car with one was drastic and a little bit twisted, so Jim was quickly changing his mind about messing with Sulu in the future."I think we were all just a little pent up," Bones said, watching the others get a little bit farther away from them. "I'm sorry.""It's okay, Bones," Jim said. He deliberately knocked his shoulder against Bones', hoping it'd shake loose the shadow that'd fallen across his face.“Is Scotty’s hand going to be alright?” he asked. And the look was gone.“He’s fine," Bones snapped. "It might not even be broken. The police station didn’t have a med kit, can you believe that? It’s like the goddamn Spanish Inquisition down here.”“Sometimes I worry about where you learned your history.”“Well it’s true! I mean, Scotty could have bled out on the floor and they wouldn’t have been able to do a thing about it.”“You know ambulances are a thing, right?”“And what if Spock had really broken his neck? What was their plan? Just leave him there? Of course I had to go get him! You think I wanted you to come back from your trip to learn that your first officer was lying dead in a bottom of a well? Of all the shoddy, rundown, backwoods places I have been to, this really takes the cake.”Jim stopped in the middle of the street. “Are you done?”Bones folded his arms.“Yeah.”“Okay, good,” Jim started up again.“I just don’t think it’s very appropriate to let Spock die in a well, is all. That doesn’t make me the bad guy here.”Jim sighed and stopped again. They could there all night if he didn’t doing something.“And he wasn’t even thankful! Not one bit. After he got us in to that whole mess, he had the indecency to—”“Do you wanna get pancakes?”The angry expression fell off Bones’ face ridiculously fast.“Yeah, okay.”“Hey, guys,” Jim called to the rest. “Pancakes?”



Not Drunk



 Not Drunk (Part One)

 

Jim put his hands in the pockets of his jacket as he leaned against the bar.
“Hey, Mike.”
The impossibly large man inclined his head towards Jim as he continued wiping the counter.
“Jimmy,” he said. The man had refused to listen each and every time Jim tried to tell him that he didn’t really go by that particular nickname. Eventually, Jim had just given up entirely. That was just Mike. He was a nickname kind of guy. He called Jim “Jimmy” and Bones “Leonard”. (“But that is my name, Jim.” “Shut up, Bones.”)
“Where’s he at?”
Again, Mike tipped his head, this time towards the far corner of the bar, to the booth just outside the touch of the lights. Jim leaned back on his heels, trying to get a better view. And sure enough, he recognized him. He gave Mike a sad, small smile.
“Thanks,” he said, before making his way over.
The booth was vinyl, or it had been at one point and time. Faded and dirty, it now was a little more dingy maroon. Jim didn’t even kind of want to know what sort of shit had happened in it during the years since it was red. Definitely not thinking about that, he dropped down into the booth and found himself sitting next to Bones. Bones who, on a good day, was the model of what Starfleet’s shiny cadets exemplified. He was also a very good person, who was going to go on to do something great with his life.
But Jim hadn’t seen him since yesterday, and apparently a lot had changed. He hadn’t even looked up when Jim sat down, keeping his eyes, instead, on the half empty glass in front of him.
“Hey,” Jim said quietly. It was awkward. He could feel that instantly. But they usually were so good at not doing awkward. Bones still didn’t try to meet his eye as he answered.
“Hey.”
“It’s Tuesday,” Jim said, but it came out like a question.
“Yep.”
“You’re drinking alone on a Tuesday?”
“Yep,” Bones repeated, leaning back in his seat and letting his head fall against the wall. “Ya got problem with that?”
Bones was incredibly southern this evening, all dripping vowels and dropped separations. That told Jim that he’d been drinking a lot, which he had already known. Mike told him when he’d called and he was now sitting less than a foot from Bones; not only did he reek of drunk off his ass, he also looked like he’d been crying. Alcohol and Bones’ crying were never anything but a matched set and that was something Jim thought about a lot. He leaned back in the booth and stared at Bones out of the corner of his eye.
“No,” he told him. Bones laughed, way more dark and bitter than laughter was generally preferred.
“You’re a shit liar, Jim.”
Okay, yeah, that had been a lie. It was Tuesday, of course Jim didn’t like it. But more to the point, he had a problem with the idea of Bones drinking by himself for a reason Jim didn’t know. Bones was a lot of things; doctor, father, ex-husband, son, asshole, exaggerated phobic, stress personified. It was anyone’s guess which of those things would cause him to be here in this booth, drunk.
On a Tuesday.
All Jim wanted to know was how he could fix it—the only problem was none of those things were exactly fixable. He couldn’t make Bones less of a doctor, less paranoid. He couldn’t stop Jocelyn from walking out, and he sure as hell couldn’t make Bones’ father any less dead. But neither could Bones. The first month they had been friends, Jim had decided that the only way to really make Bones okay with that is to make sure he actually went to space; at least then, they would be pretty fucking far away from unsolvable problems.
“I’m not going to talk about it, Jim.”
“Not asking you to.”
Bones lazily opened his eyes to look at Jim.
“You’re not?”
“Nope.”
“Then why are you here?”
“To not talk about it with you.”
They were different that way; when Jim didn’t want to talk about it, Bones still made him, because he was a caring asshole like that. Bones missed his calling as a professional interrogator. He didn’t even have to yell or threaten to force Jim to talk—all he had to do was look at him, with that wide and stupidly honest look and all of a sudden Jim’s telling him about the time he was 14 and the governor said the food supply is infected and they—
Okay, no. This was about Bones. Bones, who was sighing a very old-sounding sigh. He was still tensed, like he was getting ready to run.
“I’m not going to talk about it,” he repeated.
“Okay.”
“I’m serious.”
“I know.”
Either Bones was even drunker than Jim had originally assessed, or his reassurance that he wasn’t going to talk about it was a thinly-veiled way of psyching himself up to talk about it. See? Bones’ creepy precision at making people talk was even psychosomatic. Jim was sure that, given enough time, Bones would absolutely begin to talk abou—
“It’s Jo’s birthday. So...that’s what this is. I don’t want to talk about it.”
For a second, Jim panicked and considered just not saying anything back. Like he said, he couldn’t fix this. But then he remembered that wasn’t how friendship worked and pulled himself together.
“That sucks. Do you want to do shots?”
Because that’s how their friendship worked. Usually.
“No, Jim. I kind of just want to go to bed.”
“Good idea,” Jim said, pushing away from the table and out of the booth. “This place closed twenty minutes ago.”
Bones looked up past Jim, at the completely empty bar, before sliding out of the booth quickly. He stumbled only slightly, and for that Jim admired him.
“Easy, Bones,” he said, keeping a hand on Bones’ wrist as they walked towards the exit. Jim gave Mike a wave before they were completely out the door.
He moved Bones’ arm around his shoulders as they headed back to campus, keeping him close. It was late, but not college kid late, meaning the city still had sidewalks scattered with students. Jim navigated Bones around them silently.
Last year, Jim had been off planet for the entire month of October for a training exercise. So he’d missed it. And the October before that, it’d only been their second month at the academy together. They weren’t friends. Bones probably didn’t even remember Jim’s name at that point. So that made sense why he wasn’t there. But now they lived together. They were friends, despite the resistance both of them had put in that first year. And Jim wanted to give Bones a break. He really did. But something was bothering him and he couldn’t help himself.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Jim asked, trying to keep the accusation light in his voice. He did want to be mean right now but he did want Bones to know it was a question that he was going to have to answer. And either Bones knew it was a fair question or he was too tired to fight it because he sighed.
“I didn’t want to bother you.”
“Bullshit.”
Bones attempted to pull his arm back from Jim’s shoulder so Jim grabbed him and turned him around, stopping in the middle of the street they’d been crossing.
“Bullshit,” he repeated. “This is the same thing we did two months ago on my birthday. But I told you exactly where I’d be and when because I knew you would be worried. Because unlike you I’m not a complete jackass.”

“This is different.”

“Is it?” Jim snapped. “So you get to be there for me but I don’t get to be there for you?”
Bones didn’t like that one. He again tried to pull his arm out of Jim’s grasp but Jim held on. Bones sighed as he dropped the fight.
“No.”
“Then what is it?” Jim said.
A pause.
“You didn’t deserve it,” Bones said quietly. “How you were born. Why your birthday fucking sucks. You didn’t have any control over it so you shouldn’t have been punishing yourself.”
The implication hit Jim right in his chest.
“Bones...”
“I fucked up with Jocelyn, Jim,” Bones ignored him. “I was a shit husband and because of it, I’m a shitty dad. I didn’t want you to make me feel better because I don’t get to feel better about this.”
Jim let that hang in the air between them for a minute. Before he let go of Bones’ arm and took a step forward to meet him eye to eye.

“Bullshit.”

And he started walking back to their house. After a beat, he heard Bones following, his feet hitting the ground roughly as he stomped after Jim.
“You don’t get to decide that,” Bones yelled up at him.
“Neither do you,” Jim said without looking back. He waited until he felt Bones at his heel before stopping abruptly. He turned around and let Bones decide how close he wanted to stand to Jim. It was that time of year where San Francisco was just starting to get cold. The humidity took on a blunt edge as it spread out through the valley and if they hadn’t been yelling, Jim might have felt it. He let them both catch their breath before he continued.
“I’m not saying you have to get over it, Bones,” Jim said quietly. “I’m just saying you need to give yourself some credit. The person you are now isn’t the person you were then. I met that guy, remember? He threw up on me.”

“Jesus are you ever going to let that go?”

Jim ignored him.
“You’re trying, Bones,” he said. “That’s the difference. You’re the fucking posterboy of Starfleet medical. You’re teaching classes here. They are naming procedures after you. You call Joanna all the time. She loves you and wouldn’t want you to do this to yourself.”
He pinched the bridge of his nose and took a breath. “God I could punch you right now. But I think that’s what you want.”
When he opens his eyes, he sees that Bones is looking at him intently. Way too intently for 3 at night on a Tuesday in the middle of the street.
“I don’t want you to hit me, Jim,” he said.
“Then what do you want?”
Jim could almost see Bones’ brain reshuffle. Equations rewriting themselves as Bones thought of an answer to Jim’s question.
“I want to go to bed,” he finally said.
Jim waited.
“Then I’m going to call Joanna in the morning and ask if she liked her birthday present.”
Feeling he needed it, he gave Bones the easy way out.
“Good plan,” he said. “Although you did get a 5-year-old a book. So I feel like you set yourself up for disappointment here...”
And Bones laughed and shook his head and put his arm over Jim’s shoulder as they took off back to the house.



Not Going on an Adventure




“Pssst…Bones…”
McCoy turned away from the noise, trying to ignore it with every fiber of his being.“Bones, it’s important…”He pulled his pillow over his head pointedly. Not today, mother fucker. Not today.“Bonnnnesssss…”He made an unpleasant noise as something poked him in the ribs. Well, fuck it. He was good and awake now, he might as well commit to it. He dragged the pillow away from his face to squint out into the dark. Jim was sitting cross-legged on the bed beside him and McCoy was so utterly unsurprised how at home he looked.“Alright,” he groaned, rubbing at his eyes as he glared up at the ceiling. “I’m up. You win, asshole. Though I reserve the right to fall back asleep if whatever you have to tell me ain’t interesting enough.”Without a word, Jim slid a PADD gently across the sheets until it nudged McCoy’s elbow. He actually looked regretful, which was possiblymaybeslightly endearing enough that McCoy could forgive him a little bit. He picked up the PADD with both hands, squinting at the bright screen as he lifted it a few inches from his face.“What exactly am I looking at here?”“Oh, I am so glad you asked,” Jim said. He then took McCoy’s annoyed sigh as invitation to get more comfortable. He shifted until he was successfully lying next to McCoy and hogging the pillow, staring up at the PADD with him.“Read outs from the scans we did on the planet below,” he pointed to the charts and numbers ticking by. “Atmosphere comp, terrain stats, radioactive clouds, blah, blah, blah. The usual”“Okay?” McCoy asked, not sensing the deeper problem. “And you broke in here to show me this because…?”Jim dropped the PADD unto his chest as he turned to him. He was entirely too close but McCoy didn’t really want to say anything about it. “First of all, I didn’t break in here. I just walked in. That’s completely different.  Second of all, I just needed an excuse to wake you up.”He paused for a half a moment, before opening his eyes and looking at McCoy like he was surprised to be in bed with him.“Oh, hey, Bones,” he said. “Since you’re up already, you wanna go on an adventure?”McCoy didn’t hesitate to pull the sheets completely over his head, blocking out Jim’s stupid question and his stupid happy adorable face.“No.” “You didn’t even really think about it!”“Don’t need to. I’m not going. Don’t let the door hit you on the way out.”“They’re automatic doors…it's not even possible…”“It’s a metaphor, Jim. Anyone could see that it was a polite way of sayin’ get out.”“Come on, Bones. We need you.”“No, you don’t,” McCoy muttered. “Mission parameters state nothing about dragging me along. It doesn’t make sense for the CMO to go on adventures. Or the captain, either, for that matter. Do you ever think about that? They put the chair up there for a reason. We’re meant to stay here. With the ship.”“Maybe I like taking you places. It’s in the mission statement, Bones. Strange new worlds. To boldly go…”“You can split infinitives without me, Jim.”“It’s not the same! You know that. Besides, you’re going to love it. If you don’t…if you don’t, I’ll give you the next three missions off.”McCoy frowned.“Wait, really?”“Really,” Jim said. “If you go through the whole exploration with me and Spock—”“With you and Spock?”“—with me and Spock, without smiling or laughing or doing that twinkling thing with your eyes, I will write you three official get out of fun coupons.”McCoy paused, already calculating defense strategies in his head. There was a catch. There had to be. Wait for it…“But,” Jim continued. “If you have fun even a little bit, you can’t complain for the next two missions I put you on.”Damn, Jim was good. That was a steep price that McCoy didn’t know if he wanted to pay yet. How great could the planet be? Spock. Radioactive clouds. That sounded miserable. Which was great. He could do this, no sweat. He slowly lowered the sheet from his face.“What twinkling thing with my eyes?”Jim frowned.“You know,” he waved his hand inefficiently. “The thing you do when you get all happy. Your eyes do a thing.”“A twinkling thing?”“Yes, Bones, a twinkling thing! Jesus, it’s not important right now.”(But McCoy could see him blushing like it kind of was)“Just…are you going or not?”McCoy folded his arms, holding out with dignity for at least thirty seconds.“Yeah, I’m going,” he sighed, throwing back the blankets. 



Not Taking a Nap




Or: 3 times Jim caught McCoy sleeping on the job.
Bones wasn’t dead, though that had been Jim’s immediate reaction.Jim leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms.He was just sleeping, weirdly enough.  He was...napping. Something he wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Bones do. Napping was half-ass sleeping and Bones never did anything by halves. Napping was just so entirely unprecedented; of course Jim assumed Bones was dead when he saw him facedown at a cafeteria table. His scrubs were also covered in blood, which probably hadn’t helped either. It was only after a minor heart attack that Jim had noticed the blood was actually purple. It was anyone’s guess what it actually was, which was fun. It was 1630, the cafeteria was deserted and Bones was napping.It’d been a hell of a day.Jim rest his chin on his hand and stared at Bones.This morning, a negative phase sequencer had overheated in engineering and a dozen crewmen were caught in the crossfire. It hadn’t been pretty. Jim had still been helping Scotty pull people out of the lab when medical had arrived to triage. Scotty had directed the team to Lieutenant Sing, who’d been closest. A shard of the polystyrene sheeting had embedded in her side and she wasn’t breathing. Bones had left the other doctors to cover the scene as he’d taken Sing to surgery. He’d given Jim a tight nod when they’d made eye contact for a second across the lab before they rounded the corner with the stretcher. That was 6 hours ago.“Captain?”Jim sat up straight, schooling his expression instantly. Captains didn’t stare fondly at sleeping CMOs. He cleared his throat.“Scotty,” he said, looking up to see the man standing a few feet away, eyeing the pair of them suspiciously. “Uh, this is...”He looked back to Bones before shrugging.“...exactly what it looks like,” he finished.Scotty looked even more confused“He’s fine,” Jim assured him. “I called down to the Medbay to see if they were missing him. One of the nurses told me I should probably just let him sleep. Lieutenant Sing’s surgery went on for awhile.”When Scotty’s eyes widened Jim cut him off.“She’s going to be okay. She’s in recovery now, should be back on her feet in a couple weeks,” Jim said. “Oh and you don’t have to whisper. I yelled his name earlier and he didn’t even twitch. He’s completely out.”Yet Scotty still landmine tiptoed over to the table before gently pulling out the chair next to Jim.“How long have you been sitting here?” he still whispered.Jim checked the chronometer on the wall.“About twenty minutes,” he shrugged.“Is that blood?”“Good question,” Jim said, not answering.Scotty nodded weakly.“Did you need something from me?” Jim asked.Scotty shook his head. “I wanted to ask him how it went. But I can stop by myself later.”They both went back to watching Bones in silence, listening to him snore quietly.“What are you guys doing?”Jim and Scotty both jumped at the voice behind them. Uhura was there. Arms crossed, looking unsettled. Jim rolled his eyes.“Like this is the most ridiculous thing you’ve ever walked in on me doing.”Uhura just continued to stare so Jim thought he’d better explain.“I found him like this and felt weird leaving him here,” he admitted.Uhura only made a restrained, vaguely assenting noise in the back of her throat before handing him a PADD.“I need you to sign this,” she said. “Also, dinner starts in five minutes. You should probably wake him up.”Jim quickly added his signature to the files and she stepped away. Scotty stood up as soon as she was out the door.“I’m going to go check on Sing. Captain,” he tipped his head towards Jim and followed Uhura.Jim turned back to napping Bones. It’d been awhile since he’d seen Bones this at ease. This...relaxed. He didn’t look annoyed or tired or angry. He looked like he didn’t care, which was a very, very sexy look on him. But as much as Jim wanted to let me stay there, let them both live in the moment the rest of the day, Uhura was right. People would be coming soon. “Bones?”Jim grabbed his wrist.“Bones. Hey. You gotta wake up.”Bones only jumped a little at the yell. It took him a second to actually open his eyes. He lifted his head and frowned around the room and Jim bit his cheek, willing himself not to blush. In this moment Bones was, in Jim’s humble opinion, the cutest thing this side of the galaxy. Blood(?) and all, Jim was infatuated. It was a testament to hour tired he must have been that he struggled to wake up. Years of working in hospitals had made it so Bones was usually up and ready to go the second he opened his eyes. But now he was blinking heavily as he looked around the room confusedly. He finally focused on Jim.“Were you... watching me sleep?”
“Why is everyone making it seem so weird?” 
Bones rubbed a hand against his eyes.“It’s a little weird, Jim,” he yawned. Jim watched his eyes start to slip shut again.“Hey!” Jim snapped his fingers. “Don’t do that. Stay with me.”Bones jerked awake again.“I’m up,” he said. He shook his head a few times. “What time is it?”“Almost 1700.”Bones nodded like he wasn’t actually listening.“Sounds good,” he said, confirming it. He yawned again.“How long was Sing’s surgery?”“Four hours,” Bones shrugged. “Five hours. I don’t remember. In fact, I’m not even sure m’not still dreamin.”He squinted at Jim.“Are you real?”“I’m real, Bones,” Jim laughed. “I promise.”“That’s exactly what a hallucination would say.”“Fair enough.”Bones stared him suspiciously for another second before apparently letting it slide.“What time is it?”“Almost 1700,” Jim repeated patiently.“Were you watching me sleep?”Jim sighed.“This is why you don’t nap. I get it now.”Bones seemed to wake up at that. He glared at Jim.“I don’t nap.”“You just—okay. Yep. You’re right. You don’t nap.”“Damn right,” Bones mumbled, pushing his chair back. “I should probably actually go do my job now.”Except he looked entirely too out of it for Jim to allow him to practice medicine.“No way,” Jim said, stopping him with a hand on his wrist. “I already got Martinez to cover. You’re going to bed.”“But—”“No.”“I need to—”“Nope.”“Jim—”“Leonard.”Bones threw up his hands.“Alright! I get it. Jesus, you are annoying,” he grumbled. “You gonna tuck me in too?”Jim shrugged.“Only if you ask nicely.”Bones rolled his eyes. + Bones was missing.And Jim wasn’t worried.Well, he was. But no one was there to witness it and he wasn’t telling.As soon as he walked into Bones’ quarters and found them devoid of their sickly occupant, he’d very calmly began to freak out. Bones hadn’t left the room in three days. Jim knew this because Bones had made sure to mumble the exact duration of his confinement cryptically under his breath whenever Jim came to visit. He also knew this because Christine had entrusted him to make sure Bones didn’t attempt a breakout; which was actually a fucking terrible thing to put Jim in charge of when you thought about it. He was a Starfleet captain, sure. He was a commanding, dynamic leader in all the ways that counted. But, God help him, Bones was the exception. Specifically, the stupidly endearing freckles Bones had across his nose were his weakness. They were...there were very intriguing and he never stood a chance against them. They zapped all of Jim’s good sense and willpower and he knew he’d never develop immunity to them. If Jim hadn’t known better, he’d think Bones had done it on purpose. Just to fuck with him.
Oh that would be so like him. 
Jim made a mental note to be angry at him as soon as he finished being terrified.“Computer, locate Dr. McCoy.”The terminal he’d stopped at went completely black for a second before showing the layout of the entire ship. Jim scanned it before locating the annoyingly helpful red dot in one of the rec rooms.“Dammit, Bones,” Jim growled, turning on his heel and stalking towards the rec room.Bones didn’t like being cooped up. Jim got that. Of course Jim got that. Bones hated doing things, but he hated being told he wasn’t allowed to do things even more; he loved rules, but apparently only when they applied to Jim; he hated the rec room when he was healthy, but when he wasn’t supposed to be in there, he apparently now couldn’t be without it. He was one incongruity after another and it made Jim very annoyed.Cytherian Fever wasn’t a joke. Bones had only been released from constant Medbay supervision after he could finally hold down solid food (watery broth and unsalted crackers weren’t exactly what Jim would constitute as food but, hey, Bones hadn’t thrown up in 4 whole days, so he wasn’t going to say anything). He still slept 20 hours out of the day and didn’t breathe in the conventionally correct way, so they were still concerned. Bones wasn’t allowed to leave the room, let alone be up and walking around by himself. It was like he was trying to give Jim a heart attack or make him betray his aloof exterior to the rest of the crew. Well the joke was on Bones because Jim was off duty now. He didn’t have to be aloof. He could do whatever he wanted, including drag Bones all the way through the ship and back into his quarters.After Jim made sure he was okay, though.He walked into the rec room to find it peacefully quiet. It was empty, apart from the group at the back table. Uhura and Chekov were glaring at each other across a glass chess set while Sulu stared at the board with a frown. He continued his direct, non-aloof, stride towards them.“Where is—”He stopped short as they all wordlessly pointed to the couch in the corner. Bones was passed out across it, a blanket tucked in around that didn’t quiet reach his slippers. Jim could hear his nasally, demon-like breathing from here.“Dammit, Bones,” he repeated. He crouched down in front of Bones, gently pushing the hair off his forehead to check his temperature with the back of his hand. He was sleep warm, but definitely not feverish. Jim pulled the blanket up a little higher on his shoulders and tucked it in, struggling to pull his hands away.He walked over and sat down at the empty chair across from Sulu, tilting his head in question.“Chekov and I stopped by his room to see if he wanted to play a few games,” Sulu explained. “He said yes, but only if we let him leave his room. We didn’t really get it, but it seemed important to him.”Jim rolled his eyes. Leave it to Bones to have fun just to spite Jim.“And then...you...covered him in a blanket?” Jim asked skeptically. Sulu didn’t look like a man who slept with a blanket. He had that fine-level of control that didn’t allow for such luxuries.“No, that was me,” Uhura said. She smirked. “I figured you’d be down here any minute and freak out if we left him without a blanket. God forbid.”He certainly could deny it. The protest was already forming but he bit his tongue. Uhura was right. Jim would have been beside himself. After the last few weeks, it was getting harder to keep up his front of indifference. Bones wasn’t any other crewmember and Jim didn’t know why he’d ever started selling that to begin with, especially with Uhura.“Do you want to play next game, Captain?” Chekov asked quietly, giving Jim that typical wide-eyed, hopeful look. One of the hardest parts of Jim’s job as captain was those times he had to say no to that face. No, Chekov, we cannot put a Reserve Particle Field Injector into the ensign quarters. No, you’re not getting a Transference Accelerator either. Or a Confinement Buffer. Stop filling out the request forms, you are backlogging the systems.“I’d love to, Ensign,” he smiled.And later, when Jim was three moves away from beating his Helmsman, Bones suddenly coughed, startling himself awake and scaring the shit out of the other four. As soon as Jim saw that the coughing wasn’t stopping, he was pushing his chair back and rushing over, helping Bones sit up with a practiced ease and keeping an arm around him. He stopped with a tired sigh, turning his head to look up at Jim. He looked at him for a solid minute before his brain seemed to catch up.“Jim?”“Yeah,” Jim smiled gently. “You okay?”Bones’ cheeks were bright, despite how pale he was. He processed Jim’s question and, after a couple seconds, shook his head.“You want to go back to your room?”Bones nodded stiffly.“Do you want to eat something first?”A short shake of his head.“Okay,” Jim said quietly, reaching around to help him stand up from the couch. “Let’s go.”Jim looked up at the trio at the table and smiled apologetically.“Rain check, Mr. Sulu.”“Of course, Captain,” the lieutenant replied with a smile.Jim nudged Bones with his elbow.“You gonna say goodbye to them, Bone?”Bones squinted at the table and raised a hand half-heartedly. They all waved back in unison. Jim smiled again before following Bones as he shuffled out the door with an unfocused stare at the floor. They walked in silence all the ways to Bones’ quarters, Jim keeping a hand on Bones’ elbow because (as they had been reminded several times the last week) if you didn’t stay alert at all times when Bones was vertical, he’d pass out and be on the floor before you could even attempt to catch him. He still had Uhura’s blanket on his back and it trailed pathetically behind him on the ground. Jim quietly entered the code for Bones’ room and they walked inside.Bones flopped on the bed without a pause, pulling that pile of blankets over top of him as well while Jim stood at the side of the bed. He bit his lip.“You shouldn’t have left, Bones.”“I know,” Bones mumbled drunkenly. “I did it to be mean.”Jim found that both very annoying and incredibly endearing, something of course only Bones would manage. “Well it worked.”“Are you mad at me?”Jim smiled as he sat down.“Yes,” he lied. “Very. Do you want some water?”“Yeah. There’s a half-empty class on the desk,” Bones mumbled, pulling the blankets up higher.Jim walked across the room and picked up the boring, Starfleet-issued plastic cup.“Don’t you mean half-full?” Jim grinned excitedly.“Get out.” + Christine was having a shitty day.Actually, everyone in Medbay was having a shitty day. The ship had been hit by the worst outbreak of Lavarine that Christine had ever seen. Half the staff was down with it, the other half was working double time to pick up the extra slack, and Leonard was so calm that it was really freaking her the fuck out. She watched him offer a reassuring smile to an ensign from Security and felt a shiver in her spine.He’d been working nonstop for 46 hours. He should, by all formalities, be dead. Or at least he should be yelling and cursing and doing monologues for every patient that shuffled through the door. Instead, there he was. Being nice.She should had to do something.Christine watched him finish comforting another three patients before finally figuring it out. A complacent, calm Leonard meant that he probably had reached a new level of tired that transcended all personality programming. Every time he stopped walking, he leaned against something. It was very nearly subtle. It was like he was trying not to fall over. When he wasn’t holding a PADD or handling hyposprays, his hands were rubbing his eyes like a child. A child with an impressive beard who looked like they hadn’t showered in three days.Finally, Dr. McCoy ambled (proper, commanding Dr. McCoy never ambled. Nor did he mosey, stroll, or promenade) over to her desk, rubbing at his eyes.She shook her head roughly.“You’re stressing me out,” she told him before he could even sit down. “You’re going to combust if you keep going like this.”The doctor merely shrugged, thus further proving her case for his insanity.“What other choice do we have, Christine?” he sighed. “That damn virus is tearing through this ship and we have to do something.”“Yes, I understand that,” Christine said patiently. “But that doesn’t mean you personally have to do it every minute of the day.”Leonard looked at her with a frown.“Go take a nap,” she told him. “Seriously. Everything is slowing down, we haven’t had a new patient come in all morning, and the only thing left is to let everybody sleep it off. So for the love of God, go to sleep.”She waited until she was sure he was about to shrug off her concern before she pulled out Plan B.“I’m sure if I called the captain, he would gladly make it a direct order.”Leonard narrowed his eyes.“Don’t,” he said, but it lacked any real bite.Christine only smiled sweetly and shrugged. “There you go.”“Alright, alright,” he muttered, waving a hand. “I’ll be in bed 2. Wake me the moment anything happens, you hear? I mean, anything. Hangnails, hiccups, weird sneezes, whatever.”“Of course,” Christine replied, already making plans to do literally nothing of the sort. But if it made him feel better, by all means.Leonard nodded stiffly before shuffling off to the recently vacated bed in the corner. He took another look around the room before dropping weakly on top of the blankets. He pulled the pillow closer, sighed, and then didn’t move for two solid hours.Christine was feeling pretty fucking smug after that. She was fully confident in her ability to manage the Medbay, it wasn’t even going to be difficult. She hadn’t been lying when she’d said the only thing left was for everyone to sleep. Lavarine just made you tired. The worst symptom was that you occasionally lost bladder control; which, really, was just par for the course with their job. Bodily fluids didn’t bother her when she was in school and they certainly didn’t bother her in space.She was checking on the vitals of Yeoman Marks when she saw Jim stride idly through the door. He passed her right by as he made a beeline to the closed door of Leonard’s office. It was only when he opened the door and found the room empty that he turned back to frown at Christine.“Bones is —?”“Passed out drooling on Bed 2,” Christine supplied airily. “And it is in your best interest to leave him alone.”Jim closed the door with a frown.“Any idea when he’ll wake up?” he asked. “I kinda needed to talk to him about...something.”“Jim,” Christine set down her charts to level a firm glare at the captain. “That man is exhausted. He’s ran himself ragged this week. If I see you wake him up without just cause, I will ask Dr. McCoy if I can handle your next physical. And I assure you, I won’t make them as fun as he does.”Jim looked...alarmed, to say the least.“What does that mean?” he whispered.Christine just raised an eyebrow. “Is there anything I can help you with?”Jim shook his head quickly.“Okay, then,” Christine said sweetly, gesturing towards the door. “Always nice to see you, Captain.”She watched his eyes shoot quickly over to Leonard’s bed once again, before he headed out the door.46 minutes later, however, he was running right back in. Christine looked up from her tea as he came running up to her.“It’s important now, I swear!”She took another drink before nodding towards the bed, giving him the go-ahead to literally wake the sleeping bear.Jim didn’t hesitate to run over to the edge of Bed 2, closest to where Leonard had his face buried in the pillow. He crouched down and ran a hand along the sleeping man’s back.“Bones, wake up,” he whispered. “We have a problem.”Christine set down her cup, trying not to make it look obvious she was scooting her chair slightly closer to the two to better hear.“Hmmm?”Dr. McCoy’s voice was muffled by the pillow, but Christine could see him glaring up at Jim as best he could.Jim sat back on his heels and looked up at McCoy sadly.“Promise you won’t hit me.”Dr. McCoy sat up in an instant, his eyes wide.“Jim, no.”“Promise you won’t hit me,” the captain repeated.“Dammit,” Leonard growled, throwing the blanket off in one move. “Dammit to hell, Jim.”“I didn’t mean to!” Jim offered uselessly as the doctor pushed past him. Leonard waved an angry hand to shut him up.“Chapel, get me a hypo full of Nesuren and Geutevoclin. And start a new patient chart for the captain,” Leonard snapped as passed Christine, heading straight for his office. Christine set down her tea gently.
Dammit, Jim. 
Of course the captain couldn’t miss out on the outbreak. He hated being left out of anything. She got up quickly and grabbed the supplies from the medicine cupboard in the corner, feeling incredibly guilty and incredibly annoyed. She walked over to where Jim sat on the edge of bed 2, kicking his feet and looking uncomfortable.“Why didn’t you say anything when you were in here earlier?” she whispered, staring at him in disbelief. He shrugged as he watched her set out the hyposprays on the table.“I wasn’t sure I actually had it, then...” he stopped, looking away from her quickly. Christine took at a guess at what he wasn’t saying.“Then it started burning?” she asked. Jim nodded tightly.“Unbelievable,” Leonard muttered darkly, coming back around to glare at Jim. “Why the hell didn’t you come down here to get the immunization?”“I was going to, I swear, I just got busy,” Jim said. Leonard snorted as he threw a gown at Jim.“Put that on,” he said. Jim looked at him in disbelief.“Bones, I can’t stay here. I need to get back to the Bridge,” he whined.“No you don’t,” Leonard said. “I already called Spock and informed him of your stupidity. You are out for at least the next two days.”“Bones!”“I didn’t do this, Jim,” the doctor shrugged, a more natural look of disdain on his face. “This is all on you.”He stabbed Jim roughly in the neck with both hypos in quick succession.“Ow.”“Cry me a river, darlin’,” Leonard muttered darkly, slapping Jim’s hand away from the injection. “Now get dressed.”Leonard pulled Christine by the elbow, leaving Jim to glare miserably after them.“He’s an idiot,” Leonard mumbled as soon as they got back to Christine’s desk. He grabbed the PADD with Jim’s chart on it and punched moodily at the controls. “And this is your fault.”His tone wasn’t too serious, so Christine didn’t take it personal.“How do you figure?” she asked, growling right back at him.“If you hadn’t made me take a nap like I was some child, I would have seen him sooner.”Christine snorted.“If I hadn’t made you get some rest, Jim still would have gotten sick because he’s an idiot who can’t take care of himself,” she said. “And then we would have been left even more short-handed when you inevitably collapsed from exhaustion because, contrary to what you seem to think, you aren’t immune to being human.” “Whatever.”He rolled his eyes and looked over at Jim, who was struggling with the ties on the back of his gown and the corner of his mouth twitched.He turned back to Christine and stared at her for a solid minute in contemplation before handing her back Jim’s chart.“Wake me up in a couple hours,” he sighed, waiting for her nod before pulling one of the hardback chairs over to Jim’s bed.“Stop, stop, stop,” he warned, slapping Jim’s hands away from the strings he was fighting with. “Jesus, I can’t leave you alone for two minutes, can I?”Jim glared as Leonard tied the fabric together.“There,” he said. He propped his feet on the edge of the bed and closed his eyes. “Now be quiet, I’m tryin’ to sleep.”“Are you sleeping on the job, Dr. McCoy?” Jim narrowed his eyes, leaning back on the pillow.“Shhh.”“You’re a terrible CMO. I should report you to your captain.”Leonard snorted.“In all honesty, sir, my captain is an idiot. Don’t bother tellin’ him anything. He’ll just ignore it and get himself infected with Lavarine.”“Wow, you’re right. What an ass.”“Mmmhmm,” Leonard sighed.Christine watched Jim smile at Leonard for another minute, before he quieted down and let him go to sleep.



Not Puking




This was Spock’s fault.
“It isn’t Spock’s fault!”
Yes it was.
“Are you dying?”
Yes.
“Do I need to get Christine?”
No.
“But she could help.”
Could she? Could anyone? 
“Okay, I won’t get her, you big baby. I know you’d hate to be seen so indisposed, Doctor.”
Indisposed was a good word. An unnecessarily romanticized word, but, still, a good one. It was just vague enough that he could pretend it was the right word.
“Bones! Will you just...can you open the door?”
He could. Probably. Maybe? Okay, he wasn’t quite sure he could, actually. He didn’t really want to test it. He was trying to convince himself it was safer with the door closed. He usually wasn’t a fan of locked doors—Jim was though. Except this one, apparently.
“Bones.”
He knows if he doesn’t open the door, Jim will keep at it for hours. McCoy had let him do it once, out of sheer curiosity.
“Please?”McCoy made a half-hearted jerk of his limbs before slipping farther down the wall. His foot hit the bottom edge of the counter and caused the few things scattered across it to tip off the edge.“Bones! I am going to kick this door down in the next five seconds if you don’t—”McCoy rolled his head until he was squinting up at the ceiling.“Computer, disengage lock,” he said as loudly as he could. But the computer heard him. Like it heard everything.With a pneumatic hiss from the door and a surprised yelp from Jim, the door opened. He stumbled in, looking around the tiny bathroom until he locked onto McCoy. The anxious, worried look slid off his face alarmingly fast. Instead, he grinned.“Don’t.” Jim dropped the smile too.“You don’t even know what I was going to say!” he whined.“I’m assumin’,” McCoy said. “It was going to be something funny. Something charmingly off-handed to make me feel better. Does that sound about right?”McCoy looked up, blinking against the lights to see Jim properly. He watched the other man’s mouth twitch.“I guess you’ll never know, now. Which totally blows, because it probably would have worked in distracting you from...this,” he gestured wide, swinging around to indicate the whole bathroom.McCoy raised a miserable eyebrow.“Hypothetically,” Jim amended. “It hypothetically would have made you feel better.”“Well, then, I hypothetically appreciate it,” McCoy mumbled, folding his knees up to his chest in order to lean his head on them. He heard Jim’s pausing shuffle. Maybe he should have let him say what he was going to say. Without it, he seemed stumped about what to do now.Jim was taking pity on him, so he might as well return the favor.“I know this isn’t Spock’s fault,” McCoy blurted. “But don’t tell him I said so.”“He’s trying to fix it, Bones,” Jim said. He slid down the wall and sat, still putting as much distance between McCoy as the bathroom allowed. Smart man. He was finally learning from his mistakes.His stomach rolled and McCoy dropped his head between his knees with a groan.This was fucking insane.He didn’t think he can do it anymore. He really, really didn’t. There was a certain principle to living life on the Enterprise, and that involved trusting its captain. McCoy had a lot of trust in Jim—a stupid amount of trust, to be honest, but it came with good reason. Jim could handle anything the ship was thrown. The problem was, this wasn’t Jim’s fight. Jim could break down bathroom doors, threaten to call Christine, and try to distract him all he wanted, but that wasn’t going to fix the problem.The problem, as McCoy saw it, was that Spock doesn’t get bored. The Vulcan is literally unable to comprehend the illogical idea that is taking a day off. So when he does have a gap in his time, he’s gotta do something with it. Mostly, that means he likes to get involved in things that he shouldn’t. Sometimes, though, it’s actually...nice. Last month on his day off, he worked together with McCoy and Christine in order to do a complete keelhaul of Sickbay’s charting system and even McCoy had been impressed (though he’d rather pop his own knee out of joint than admit it to anyone).This month’s day-off project was a great idea, in theory. Of course, Spock tended to work best in theory. So he was working with Scotty’s armada of eager engineers, tweaking the ship’s inertial dampening system in attempts to increase reaction times during emergencies.Or something. McCoy hadn’t really bothered to listen.Pretty immediately things went sour. They jumbled something that shouldn’t have been jumbled, or mixed up a few letters in the equation, and now the system was spitting mad and throwing a fit.And so was McCoy because, fun fact, the inertial dampening system was the only thing keeping him grounded (literally and figuratively) on this ship. So while Spock attempted to right the mess of wrongs he had caused, the crew was left with sporadic, violent malfunctions of the ship’s stability. And also its gravity, because fuck you, that’s why.At this point, McCoy had probably thrown up on every deck of the ship. Every time Spock’s irrationally calm voice cut through the ship, telling all crewmen to brace for turbulence, McCoy had about 5 seconds to find the nearest receptacle in which to puke. And, Starfleet, in their incalculable level of ignorance, didn’t seem to think that trash bins were that important to label, because McCoy missed them 8 times out of 10. So yeah. He’s been puking a lot. Jim had taken to carrying sick bags around with him. Starfleet didn’t outfit ships with sick bags, so it was literally anyone’s guess as to where the kid kept getting them.McCoy was trying. Honestly, he was. He’d tried bracing himself in any way that might keep him calm. He tried lying in the fetal position. Hell, he even tried not eating. But nothing worked. There wasn’t even a hypo to fix it. Why would a starship need a cure for seasickness? They had the inertial dampening system to combat any uneasy motions that might occur. If he even thought about the ship moving, he dropped like a sack of sensitive-stomached bricks onto the floor and started puking like a jackass. It’d been three days (and three nights) and he was beginning to worry that he might actually die before they fix the damn problem.Today on the Bridge had been a real fucking treat.He’d been up there, going over an inventory request with Jim, when Spock had done the wrong thing and the ship had begun shaking. McCoy had felt the panic attack coming, which distracted him. He was on his ass, head between his knees, when he remembered the whole violent puking thing that usually accompanied this turn of events. He’d been up and moving to the back of the room when, apparently, his body decided he couldn’t make it and he puked all over Spock’s chair. A lot.But here’s where things got bad.Because the ship stopped moving. Scotty and Spock got reign of the controls and managed to stabilize everything, but McCoy couldn’t stop. He was still puking, still panicking, and still having to actively keep from passing out. Jim had been yelling at him but his head had been spinning worse than the ship had been so he couldn’t see and couldn’t understand and couldn’t really walk straight. He’d blindly stumbled into the lift, trying to keep as much of his insides intact until he made to...Hmmm.“Uh, Jim?”“Yeah, Bones?”“Where am I?”Jim smiled sadly.“My quarters.”“Oh. Did I...?”“Puke on my rug?”“Yeah.”“Yep.”“And...”“And the bed too, yeah.”Jim was being entirely nonchalant and McCoy wanted to pinch him for it. “I didn’t mean to,” McCoy muttered.“I know,” Jim shrugged. He leaned forward, resting his hands on his knees as he subtly (read: so unsubtle it was physically painful) examined McCoy. Finally, he shook his head and sighed dramatically.“What?” McCoy snapped.“You can’t get up, can you?” he asked, smirking because he already knew the answer.McCoy wanted to be angry but really didn’t have the stomach for it. Or the energy. It’d been about three days since he’d last slept an amount worth actually counting. Instead, he nudged a shoulder up in a half-assed shrug.“It’s not that I can’t,” he explained. “It’s just that I’m kinda worried about what’s going to happen if I do.”“Well,” Jim said lightly. “If it makes you feel any better, you look absolutely horrifying. Honestly, when I first walked in here, I thought you might be dead. I’ve died, Bones. Straight up. And I am pretty sure that I looked better than you do right now.”“That ain’t funny, Jim.”Jim threw up his arms.“I know it isn’t!” he said. “That’s why I said it. I’m worried about you.”“I’m fine.”That wasn’t even a good lie, but he was too distracted by his heart. It was beating faster than he strictly preferred, to put it mildly. He frowned. He thought that he had put a stop to that. Having heart palpitations was so five minutes ago. He blamed Jim’s “joke” about dying. His stupid joke and Spock’s stupid hair and the ship’s stupid fucked up gravity, and his own stupid ability to die at any given moment.In space.“I’m fine,” he repeated as he rubbed a hand against his chest. “I just think I’m having another panic attack...”“Goddammit.”Jim was up and moving to him, which was a really, really, really, really, really dumb idea when he was so likely to puke. But then Jim was in front of him, gripping his wrists. McCoy closed his eyes as his breathing hitched in his chest.“Look at me, Bones.”McCoy raised his head and opened his eyes, finding Jim so much closer than he had anticipated. Jim’s eyes were darting McCoy’s face, clearly searching for what to do next. When they finally made eye contact, though, he held it.“Breathe,” Jim said, rubbing his thumb along the inside of McCoy’s wrist.He doesn’t know how long they sat like that but when his chest finally unknotted, McCoy had dropped instantly. He rest his forehead on the spot where Jim’s hand met his and let his breathing finally event out. He felt like he’d run a marathon and could sleep for the next week right here on Jim’s bathroom floor. A few minutes after that, he let Jim go. Jim pulled his hands back but didn’t back away.“Stick it out for a couple more days, Bones,” he said quietly. “We’ll be okay.”“I hope so,” McCoy sighed. “I don’t think I have anything left to throw up.”“That’s the spirit, Bones. Just keep it up.”“Is it okay if I just stay here? Right here in your bathroom?”He squinted as Jim stood up, backlit by the bathroom light fixture. Jim put his hands on his hips and sighed.“If I say no, will you go to Medbay and have a medical professional look at you?”“I am a medical professional, Jim.”“You’re a what?”“A medical professional.”“But, I mean, like what kind?”“What are...oh. Oh, very funny. Real original, Jim.”“Go on, say it. For me.”“I’m not playing this game, Jim.”“Please?”“Jesus Christ, fine!”“Okay. So. Bones. What are you?”“I’m a doctor, dammit!”Jim grinned.“Yeah, you can stay.”



Not an Ambassador (Part One)



McCoy was working hard on not working at all on his afternoon off.And, so far, he had been successful.They were rare, after all, so he planned on making the most of it. For the last hour he had had the Rec Room mostly to himself, meaning he had been able to read his book without interruption; an actual, honest-to-God book with paper, ink, a hard-backed spine and everything. He had a stack of them in his quarters reserved specifically for occasions like this. From old-fashioned detective stories, to adventures and dramas, basically anything he could get his hands on when he was back on earth. They were a comfort, grounding in those times when he didn’t feel like there was any really ground beneath him at all.He was slunk comfortably in his favorite seat on the entire ship: the warn leather armchair in the back corner of the Rec Room was something he sometimes found himself fantasizing about during particular long or tiring shifts in Medbay.He slouched lower into his seat when the sound of feet shuffling on the hard floor reached his ears, getting louder and louder the closer they got to him. He had given Dr. Toll strict instructions to come get him only if someone was dying. And he was pretty sure that despite the doctor’s advanced age, the man would be able to move a little bit faster than that if it was an emergency. Hopefully. He made a mental note to check Toll’s last logged physical results. He was reasonably hidden from passersby, so that the only real way you would find him was if you already knew where to look, if you knew that this chair was the one to check if you were looking for him on his day off. He heard the owner of the feet plop down on the seat across from him. McCoy didn’t even bother to fully divert his attention from his book.“What’s up, Jim?”“If I read one more inventory report my eyes are going to start bleeding,” Jim said as greeting.McCoy flipped a page. “Mmm.”“Chekov blew up frequency inducer.”“Bummer,” McCoy mumbled.“Oh, and get this. You remember the Trexins we had on board last week?”“How could I forget? I had to waste two hours of my time showin’ them around Medbay,” McCoy replied, still only half-listening.“We just got a call from the admiralty. The Trexins want to return the favor by having us over for a visit.”“Okay?”Jim seemed to have gotten along fine with the gold-skinned Trexins. McCoy did too, though that was more do to with his fine acting abilities than anything else. Sure, the few Trexins he had been forced to deal with were generally nice, good-natured folk. But, they had just asked so many goddamn questions. They had been fascinated by anything and everything in Medbay, most especially McCoy himself. Their medical advancements were not anywhere near the level of the Enterprise. So they wanted to know about hypos and the osteo regenerator, and cabinet stocked with medicine, how McCoy remembered everything, what his schooling had been like, and on and on. McCoy had answered every question they had asked politely, for the sake of diplomacy. In actuality he had been gritting his teeth to hide his waning patience. He had a handful of injured crewmembers he had been trying to deal with at that time, including a communications officer with laryngitis, a yeoman with a stress fracture, and a lieutenant from the science department with minor burns. He had been extremely relieved when they had bowed to him, announcing their need to return to their own planet.“I wasn’t invited.”“Why not?”“They specifically made requests of who they wanted visiting them and I wasn’t included on it.”McCoy hid his smirk behind his book.“Not everyone is going to like you, Jim,” he said offhandedly. “It’s okay.”“You would say that. They loved you. So you get to go see their amazing stupid planet and eat their stupid food, and enjoy their stupid customs.”McCoy set down his book sharply in his lap.“What?” he snapped, leaning forward, his eyes narrowing. Jim was watching him carefully. He had a pillow from the couch in his lap, leaning against his chest in a move McCoy now recognized as defensive. Jim. Oh no.“Jim,” he growled when he didn’t get an answer. Jim gripped the pillow and met McCoy’s eye ruefully.“You leave in 3 hours.”McCoy’s fists clenched around his book.“Like hell I am!” he yelled, the empty room allowing the words to reverberate and hang in the air. Jim held his hands out helplessly.“It wasn’t my decision, Bones,” he said. “They’re the ones who wanted you and Spock down there.”“Me AND SPOCK?”“I know,” Jim said calmly.McCoy groaned, falling roughly against the back of the armchair. He stared up at the ceiling hopelessly.“Dammit, Jim! It’s my day off. Spending it with Spock on some planet, playin’ ambassador is the last thing I want to do- in those itchy formal uniforms, no doubt!” Jim was patient as he waited for McCoy to finish.“At least you look good in those uniforms, Bones,” he said, unhelpfully. “Look, Admiral Milner himself called to make sure we had graciously accepted the Trexins’ invitation. So I think you should go find Spock and get prepped.” “I hate you,” McCoy snapped angrily, jumping out of his seat. He grabbed the pillow out of Jim’s hand and threw it across the room. “Don’t ever tell me news like that again. It’s way worse than just saying it.”“Yeah,” Jim said, watching the pillow hit the wall. “I see that now.” + “Okay, okay, Spock, run that by me again,” McCoy said.Spock’s lips formed a tight frown, briefly, before he repeated himself for what felt like the fifth time.“You mustn’t refuse any food or drink that they offer you, it will be taken as highly offensive to them. But, you also should not eat all of the food on your plate, as they see that as greedy.”McCoy pinched the bridge of his nose.Yeah, this was going to be real simple.He and Spock were seated in his office, as they had been for the last hour, going over the trip. Spock was basically giving him a crash-course in how to be an ambassador and so far, he only felt that they were moderately fucked. It’s not that McCoy was stupid, it was just that some parts of the Trexin culture seemed so...backwards, that he had a hard time grasping it. For instance, their theories and methods when it came to medical treatment were proving to be particularly hard for McCoy’s brain to process. They were aware that people had come far in advancements in the field of medicine, yet they were still using outdated, rather archaic practices. By choice. When McCoy had spent two hours with a group of their elders last week, they had been in complete awe of his skill. He had explained numerous times how it wasn’t all him, the equipment and medicine that the ship had at its disposal was a lot of it. They had all merely frowned and shaken their heads, their leader quietly telling McCoy that they were not too fond of reliance on machines, preferring instead to value the work of hands. McCoy had been about to counter about how “the work of hands” could only go so far before Jim had hastily caught his eye, shaking his head shortly. He had instead nodded thoughtfully to the older man before, thankfully, one of the other elders was excitedly asking him about Nurse Chapel. Female healers, they told him, were not just uncommon on their planet, but completely unheard of. McCoy had again bit his tongue before he could say something that could get him into trouble.“Okay, I think I got it,” McCoy said to Spock.Spock nodded before standing up. He grasped his hands behind his back before looking down at McCoy, still seated at his desk chair.“We will beam down in an hour, Doctor. Please be ready to go by then. In your formal uniform,” he added before turning sharply and walking out the door.McCoy watched him go, his facing pulling into something that was most-definitely, in no way, a pout. He stood up, headed to his room to change.Whatever Jim might say to the contrary, these damn uniforms were itchy and their high, tight collars made him feel like he was being strangled unsuccessfully. He shifted uncomfortably as he stood next to Spock in the transporter room. His hand slid to his side to fiddle awkwardly with his medpack, only for him to remember that it wasn’t there.He gritted his teeth.Spock had outright refused to let him bring it along. While yes, there shouldn’t be any reason for him to need it (this was a simple, good-natured diplomatic visit) he still wasn’t happy about it. He felt utterly naked without his medpack and couldn’t quite squash the feeling of worry in the pit of his stomach.“Okay?”Jim was standing next to Scotty at the controls, where he’d clearly been watching McCoy fidget. McCoy looked at him sharply.“No.”Because he was still pissed at him. Jim smirked and tapped at the console.“Ready, Mr. Scott.”“Good luck, gentlemen,” he said, right as Scotty hit the command.McCoy closed his eyes tight as the tingling, tugging sensation engulfed him. He concentrated on nothing but his own breathing during the brief pause they experienced between the moment they left the Enterprise and the moment they landed on Trexin. His stomach felt like it took a little longer to land and he stumbled slightly.“Are you okay, Dr. McCoy?” Spock asked next to him.McCoy barely had time to nod before they heard a bright, jovial voice call out behind them.“Mr. Spock! Dr. McCoy!”They turned to see the elders walking towards them, bright grins on their faces. The man who had spoken, Fret’chin, bowed lightly to them. McCoy glanced at Spock out of the corner of his eye before they both returned the bow.“I hope your trip was okay?” he asked.McCoy let Spock talk while he took a chance to look around the planet and will his stomach to calm down. It was so bright, he almost had to squint.It was, simply, beautiful. A sprawling landscape made up of rich reds, oranges, and pinks surrounded them. It was hotter here than it had been on the ship, and McCoy was already feeling a flush creep up his neck against his stiff formal uniform. They were standing in the middle of a grassy knoll. At least, it seemed like grass. It had the same texture and look, though instead of the green he was used to, it was a deep maroon. Jim would have loved it.“And you, Dr. McCoy? You seem a little shaken,” Fret’chin’s voice suddenly asked, causing McCoy to quickly look up at him. He put on a nice smile. He could do this.“Oh no, I’m alright. Not a big fan of the transportation process, is all,” he said. Fret’chin and the rest of the elders nodded.  “Hopefully the feast we have prepared for you will help you feel better,” he said gently. He gestured wide with his arm, towards the right. “Come, let us eat.”McCoy and Spock followed him dutifully, the other elders falling into step behind them as they walked.“It is not as shiny or advanced as your ship, but we quite like it here,” Fret’chin said, the elders murmuring in agreement. McCoy and Spock nodded, looking around them.“Yes, it is quite lovely here,” Spock said. McCoy bit back his snort at Spock’s word choice, trying not to laugh at Spock’s obvious discomfort at using a word like ‘lovely’.Fret’chin nodded as he pointed at a large hut-like structure they were passing to their left.“That is where our women prepare food, as is custom,” he said. Like when they had shown surprise at Christine’s position on the ship, McCoy bit his tongue to refrain from picking a fight over the sexist way Fret’chin said it, like the women would have nowhere else to be but preparing food. He instead pretended to examine the exterior of the building with interest.“Behind that is the high meeting chambers, where the other elders and I go to discuss matters as they arise. Like today, we had a very serious meeting about what food should be served tonight in honor of our special guests,” he finished with a loud, deep, laugh.McCoy and Spock smiled at him. McCoy was suddenly struck by the realization that they had yet to see another Trexin, apart from the council, since they beamed down. He gave it only a second’s thought before Fret’chin was speaking again.“Over there, is our medical tent,” he said, pointing to his left. “I will take you there after dinner, Doctor. The healers are most anxious to meet you.”“I would love to,” McCoy said genuinely. Truly, he would love an opportunity to see what kind of equipment, if any, the Trexins were using. He wasn’t looking forward to being asked a million different questions again, though. But, still, it would be utterly (and if anyone ever told Spock he said this, he’d kill them slowly and without mercy) fascinating to learn how they worked. And it’d be easier for him to hold conversations if they at least were taking place in his wheelhouse.As they rounded the last corner of buildings, McCoy’s eyes widened. Of course they hadn’t seen anybody else on the planet. They were all here.About two hundred, if not more, gold-skinned Trexins were seated around the largest table McCoy had ever seen. Food of every texture and color imaginable was set down along the entire length of the table, its sheer weight enough to cause McCoy to fear for the table to collapse. All the food was still untouched, waiting, apparently, for the guests of honor to arrive. The Trexins all had been chatting in quiet, murmuring voices before Spock, McCoy and the council had come out from behind the last tent, but stopped abruptly when their eyes fell on the approaching group. Some smiled at them, some stared at them with deep frowns, but most just looked up at them with wide eyes. McCoy stiffened under their combined gazes, glancing at Fret’chin and the other elders. They were still beaming widely, staring at their people. Fret’chin stretched his arm out wide.“The whole village came out welcome you,” he said. “Please sit wherever you’d like.”McCoy internally groaned. Great. He had thought he and Spock would have been seated with the elders, meaning he’d be able to watch the Vulcan covertly the entire meal and follow whatever he did. Now, glancing around at the seats, he didn’t see two empty spaces even near each other. Spock barely gave him a look before he sat down nimbly next to an older Trexin man who was staring intently down at his empty plate, ignoring the proceedings. Dammit! That was so the spot he had just been about to pick. McCoy looked around in a quiet panic as Fret’chin and the other elders took up their places in some of the vacant chairs. McCoy threw caution to the winds and sat down at the first one he came to. It was thirty spots down from Spock and McCoy could barely see him, let alone try to copy his actions. He was going to cause an interplanetary incident, he could just tell. He kept his head down as he pushed in his chair, then suddenly looked up, remembering something Spock had said about eye contact being important. The people seated around him were staring anxiously at him. Now that he could see them clearly, he realized he must have seated himself right in the middle of a family. They all had identical noses and drooping eyelids, anyway. They even were all wearing the same green-cloth robes. He managed a tight smile.“Hello,” he said.“Hello, Dr. McCoy,” a woman, the mother apparently, said to him. She pronounced his name with the same accent that Fret’chin and the elders had, making the second ‘o’ in ‘doctor’ sound like an ‘a’.“We have heard a lot about you,” she added, which explained why she knew his name.“All good stuff, I hope,” McCoy tried to joke.The woman’s face did not change in the slightest, remaining in a tight line. She only nodded.“Yes,” she said impassively.McCoy was trying to ignore the fact that he could clearly see the small boy to his left turned all the way in his seat, staring at him with his mouth dropped open. His father, sitting next to his mother, quickly reached across the table and yanked on the boy’s arm until he sat back in his seat properly.The woman was still regarding him with...suspicion? Or fear? He couldn’t tell. Her eyes weren’t just narrowed, they were also slightly puffy. And when McCoy’s eyes trailed down to her hands, wringing tightly just off the edge of the table, he noticed the small cloth clenched in her left fist. When he looked her back in the eye, he saw a slight tremble to her lips. She stared back at him for a few seconds.“Are you here to help us?” she whispered quickly.McCoy’s eyebrows drew together.“What?” he asked in confusion.The woman didn’t answer him as she, and everyone else at the table, had their attention drawn to the right, where Fret’chin was standing up. His long robes billowed out behind him as he gestured wide. “That man was all arms,” McCoy had told Jim after the Trexins had left the Enterprise.“A prayer before we eat,” he said with a smile. He bowed his head and the entire table followed suit. As Fret’chin began speaking in some language the translator chip couldn’t process, his voice solemn and low. McCoy let his words flow over him. His mind was working in overtime, trying to process what the woman had said to him. Help? Help what? As far as they had been told, this was nothing but a short quick visit. They’d be back on the Enterprise in the next few hours. As soon as he heard Fret’chin stop speaking, he lifted his head. He glanced down at Spock, only to see the Vulcan staring intently at their host.Fret’chin sat back down at his seat and, instantly, the entire village reached for the food in front of them to fill their plates. McCoy looked back to the woman across from him, only find her seat suddenly empty. He looked around quickly, yet he could see no trace of where she had gone.“If you’ll excuse her, she isn’t feeling well,” the man sitting next to the vacant seat told McCoy with a smile, apologetic smile. McCoy nodded slowly.“Yes, of course,” he said.He then flinched when a large pile of...something landed on his plate, scaring him out his musings. He turned sharply, only to see the small boy next to him smiling widely, a scoop in his hand. McCoy quickly returned the smile.“Thank you,” he told the boy, who quickly reached for more food from the table to place on McCoy’s plate. McCoy let him continue, remembering what Spock had told him in his office. Finally, the boy seemed satisfied and sat back in his chair, eyes still on McCoy. McCoy slowly reached for the thing that most resembled a fork beside his plate, scooping up a bite of...something before bringing it to his mouth. As he chewed slowly, the boy eagerly watched him.It, whatever the hell it was, wasn’t bad at all. Actually, it was pretty good. It reminded him vaguely of sweet corn, something he hadn’t had since boarding the Enterprise. He swallowed and smiled at the boy, hoping that would be enough to appease him. Fortunately, it seemed to do the trick. The boy finally turned away from him, filling up his own plate. McCoy took another bite, staring around at the table. The man across from him seemed to be doing his best not to look at McCoy at all. He kept his eyes on his food. Why would have Spock made such a big deal about eye contact if the Trexins themselves were going to ignore the rule?  McCoy looked past him, further down the table, noticing for the first time, the number of empty chairs at the table. About twenty or so plates sat completely clean, including the one across from him.His attention went back to his young neighbor when the boy began tugging on his sleeve. He pointed excitedly to another variety of food on his plate. McCoy laughed before dutifully grabbing a forkful. + As dinner wound down, McCoy made sure to leave a reasonable portion of each choice on his plate. He looked to his new friend for reference, since Spock was too far away. The kid had about the same amount of food left on his so he breathed a sigh of relief.He leaned back lightly in his chair.Throughout the entire meal, the man across from him had refused to say a word to him. Actually, everyone around him seemed pretty keen on pretending he didn’t exist. They averted their eyes and only talked in low mumbles. McCoy was completely fine with that, of course. It was harder to make a fool of himself, and by extension Starfleet, if he didn’t have to try to make conversation.“Dr. McCoy?”McCoy whipped around in his seat as he felt a hand land on his shoulder. Fret’chin stood towering above him, smiling gently.“If you are done,” he said, not finishing his sentence. Instead, he made a noncommittal gesture with his hand. McCoy nodded and quickly stood.Suddenly, it was as if the people at the table suddenly remembered that he existed. As he rose, all eyes locked on him. He smiled, uncertain what they expected of him now. Luckily Fret’chin guided him away from the table, so quick McCoy barely had a moment to glance at Spock, who seemed to be engrossed in his conversation with his neighbor.He and Fret’chin wove their way through the tents and huts, heading towards the large medical tent.“Our people were very excited when we told them about you, Dr. McCoy,” Fret’chin said with a laugh. The sound was awkward and forced, as opposed to Fret’chin’s booming, contagious laugh earlier. It hung around them as they continued to walk in silence for a few moments before McCoy halted, stopped by the suddenly vicelike grip Fret’chin had on his forearm. McCoy quickly looked up at the man in alarm.“What-”“Please, Dr. McCoy,” Fret’chin said, his eyes staring at McCoy’s with desperation. “I need to tell you something. I need to be completely honest.”McCoy looked around hopelessly, trying to find anyone else. But, they were all down at the feast, leaving McCoy and Fret’chin completely alone.“What?” McCoy asked again, in a quiet hush to match Fret’chin’s low tone.  He glanced down for a second at the elder’s fingers still wrapped around his arm.“I wasn’t absolutely truthful in my invitation I sent to your Captain,” Fret’chin said in a rush. McCoy swallowed hard, fear making his heart rate double.“The truth is, I need your help, Dr. McCoy,” Fret’chin continued. “My people need your help.”McCoy looked at him, his eyebrows drawn tightly together. Before he could say anything, he was being pulled along at a fast pace, towards the medical tent. They slid to a stop outside the closed entrance.“It started a few weeks ago,” Fret’chin whispered. “We can’t seem to be able to do anything.”His face suddenly broke into a trembling smile.“But you can,” he told McCoy firmly. He released his hold on McCoy’s arm and McCoy quickly withdrew it from his reach.“What the hell are you talking about?” McCoy bit out.  Fret’chin only stared at him a moment longer before turning to the tent. He pulled at the flap covering the entrance, letting it slide to the ground. McCoy cautiously tried to peer into the tent before he felt Fret’chin’s hand on his shoulder, pushing him forward through the entrance.The first thing that hit him was the smell. Instantly, he brought up his sleeve to try and block his mouth and nose the best he could. The tent absolutely reeked. The smell of death and festering wounds hung in the hot air. His eyes darted quickly around the small space, trying to process what he was seeing.Small cots, about 15 of them, were placed at random intervals on the ground. Each was occupied with a sleeping Trexin. At least, McCoy hoped that they were sleeping. They could just have easily been dead. They all looked frail, their cheeks hollow and their bones clearly visible under their skin. Their lips were cracked, causing the painful wheezes they were emitting to sound even worse. They were all wrapped tight in blankets, though they still shivered.McCoy crouched quickly next to their nearest cot. It housed an extremely thin man whose eyes were sunken into this skull. To McCoy’s further horror, he could see open sores on the man’s scalp and face. He stood up quickly, rounding on Fret’chin.“What is this?”Fret’chin looked at him imploringly.“I told you! We don’t know. It started a few weeks ago. People starting getting sick and our healers have no idea what to do. Please, Dr. McCoy, we’ve already lost so many,” he finished with a choked sob.McCoy stared at him for a moment, his mind racing.“We need to get them up to the Enterprise now! I can try to figure out what’s wrong from-”“No!” Fret’chin shouted, interrupting him. “You have to treat them here. I told you, we do not like a reliance on machines. Your Medbay is nothing but machines.”McCoy glared at him.“These people are dying! They need immediate care,” he told Fret’chin.“Then do it here. Please,” he begged.McCoy glanced from him to the various patients in the room.“Damn it all,” he muttered, before turning and racing towards the entrance, Fret’chin hot on his heels.“I’m going to go back to the ship and bring down as much supplies as I can. I’ll be back in ten minutes.” he told Fret’chin, who smiled sadly, seemingly in relief. “Thank you, Dr. McCoy,” he said quietly.McCoy didn’t answer. Instead he flipped open his communicator.“McCoy to Enterprise. One to beam up,” he ordered. “Activate decon protocols.”He gave one long, hard look at the medical tent before he closed his eyes tight against the pull of the transport beam.As soon as his feet hit the solid ground of the ship, he took off running. He heard Scotty yelling after him, but he was already around the corner. He made sure to keep his sleeve pressed tightly to his mouth and nose. He may have already been exposed to the whatever it was that the Trexins had, but he didn’t want to make it any easier for the virus to spread to the Enterprise. Crewmembers parted quickly at the sight of the ship’s CMO racing through the hall.He flew through the doors of Medbay. Chapel looked up in alarm as he came barreling across the room towards her.“Dr. McCoy, what -”“Chapel,” he interrupted. “I need you to pull up as much information on Trexin biology as you can. Now,” he added. She gave a startled nod before grabbing the nearest PADD from her desk.McCoy left her to that as he reached in the drawer where they kept the bio masks and slipped one onto his face. Turning sharply, he rushed to the cabinet where the medicine was stored. His eyes scanned the names he saw there, his brain working quickly. Not only did he have no idea what he was going up against here, he also only had a tentative grasp on Trexin anatomy. They weren’t in the federation. He had learned about them, briefly, during one of his classes at the academy. But that had been maybe an hour’s long lesson years ago.He ended up reaching for the medicines that treated those symptoms in humans and various other species. His hands full of bottles, he turned to the nearest empty bed and dumped them there. He went back to grab more.“Bones!”Jim was suddenly at his side, his hand wrapped tight on McCoy’s arm. Why did everyone seen so keen to do that to him lately? McCoy looked at him, seeing the wide-set to his eyes.“What the hell happened? What’s with the mask?”McCoy turned back to the medicine cabinet as he answered, Jim’s hand slipping off his arm.“The Trexins lied to us, Jim. They didn’t want us there just for dinner and little hospitality. They wanted me down there to help them.”He added more medicine to the pile on the bed.“What?” Jim asked, staring at McCoy in shock. McCoy stopped his motions for a second in order to meet Jim’s eye.“They’re sick. Really sick. And their healers don’t have the first clue what to do about it so their people are dying.”Jim’s lips tightened as McCoy’s words sank in.“Okay, we’ll bring them here,” he said, gesturing wide at the Medbay. McCoy shook his head as he maneuvered around Jim, grabbing gloves and other supplies from the shelves behind him.“We need to treat’em down there. Fret’chin refused to allow them on board.”Jim was silent for a moment, his eyes darting around them room as the gears worked in his head.“Where’s Spock?”McCoy shook his head.“He was still at the feast when Fret’chin pulled me aside to show me the sick Trexins. Listen, Jim,” he took a step further towards Jim, his voice stern. “You need to call Spock and get him back on the ship. Decon protocols. Make sure he puts on a mask when he beams up and have Chapel run a diagnostic to make sure he didn’t get it.”“What about you?” Jim asked sharply.McCoy shrugged.“I was already exposed. We’ll have to see. But right now, I need to get back down there,” he said, turning to the bed stocked with supplies and pushing those thoughts to the back of his mind. He could worry about himself later.At a loss for what else to do, McCoy pulled the sheets of the biobed out, scooping up the supplies he’d collected in one giant heap and lifting it up.“Chapel!” he barked, turning to the nurse. She was at his side in an instant, pushing the PADD into his free hand.He nodded at her in thanks before heading for the door, Jim keeping pace with him.“Bones, do you need me down there?” Jim asked. McCoy shook his head vehemently.“I can’t have you down there in case you get sick. This ship needs its Captain,” McCoy tried to joke. Jim’s face didn’t break from its worried frown.They rounded the last corner and entered the transport room. McCoy quickly stepped up to the platform. Jim stood back with Scotty at the controls.“Call the moment you get a chance,” he said.McCoy nodded, adjusting his makeshift bag so that it rested more securely against his body.“And be careful, Bones,” Jim added.The smile McCoy gave was lost in the bio mask.“I will, Jim.”Jim tore his eyes away from McCoy to nod at Scotty, who pushed a few buttons on the console.McCoy breathed in and out deeply, once, before he was gone.



Not a Hero (Part Two)



The light chirping of his communicator had McCoy jumping awake. He looked around the small tent with confusion, trying to remember going to sleep in the first place. The noise continued and he quickly hopped up from his spot on the floor and headed for the door, not wanting to disrupt the sleeping Trexins around him.He flipped open the communicator as he stepped out of the tent and into the fading day light.“McCoy,” he answered, rubbing wearily at his eyes with his free hand.“Did I wake you?” Jim asked on the other end.“It’s fine, Jim, what’s up?” he asked, clearing his throat.“Well, I’ve got good news and I’ve got bad news,” came Jim’s hesitant voice. Of course he had bad news. Of course as soon as McCoy finally felt that they had gotten out of the woods, Jim would call and drag them back in by the scruff of their necks.It hadn’t been easy once he had landed back on the planet; in fact, he felt like he had been in a constant state of motion for two straight days, stopping only when he apparently fell asleep after checking the vitals of one of the Trexins in the last hour.After taking a crash-course in Trexin biology, he had begun to map out a treatment plan. The Enterprise was stocked with medicine for at least a hundred different species, yet they had nothing specifically for Trexins. So, McCoy and the science department had had to use a trial-and-error process to try and come up with something. Trexins had a chemical makeup that seemed to be a cross between the Hirogen’s and Bolian’s, with a little Betazoid thrown in. Using the medications they had for those species, they’d managed to come up with some pretty effective cocktails. As far as they could tell, it seemed similar to a bacterial infection that affected the lungs and generally wreaked havoc on the immune system. They still had no definitive name for it, but whatever it was, it was a tough son of a bitch. The healers had tried to assist him as much as they could, but it seemed to take longer time explaining to them how hypos were used than it would for him to just simply walk over and do it himself. So, he was exhausted and he honestly didn’t know if he could handle any curveballs right now.“Give me the good,” he finally said.“Christine was just up to the Bridge to visit me. She wanted me to tell you asap that the tests you had them run came back,” Jim said. “And whatever it is the Trexins have cannot be passed to humans so, you’re good.”McCoy let out a sigh of relief before roughly pulling the bio mask off his face. He breathed in a deep breath of the cool night air.“We cleared it with Fret’chin and medical is getting a team together to come down.”McCoy rubbed the back of his neck.“Let me have a second to enjoy the good news before the bad,” he said. He heard Jim faintly laugh.“Well, actually, the bad news I was going to tell you is that Scotty can’t make it to poker next week,” he said.McCoy shook his head as he let out a laugh of his own.“That’s the best damn bad news you could have said,” he replied.“Bones, come on, Scotty is going to be hurt if he hears you say that,” Jim teased. Again McCoy laughed.“So, how are things holding up?” Jim asked after a pause.“Better, as far as I can tell,” he answered honestly. Luckily, they hadn’t lost anybody since he took over care. Nor had any of the others started showing symptoms, so things were good. “What about you? Bored out of your mind yet?”Since McCoy had the whole of the medical and science departments concentrating on the Trexins, that left Jim and the others on board not wearing blue shirts without anything to do. Last McCoy had heard, they were planning a movie night.“God, yes. It’s horrible, Bones,” Jim told him seriously.“Yeah, I know,” McCoy said, smiling at the picture of Jim sitting with the rest of the crew watching a movie for the evening. He was simultaneously disappointed and thrilled that he had missed out on it.“So we’ll have our doctor back soon?”Because the universe had a way of biting him in the ass, McCoy’s reply stoutly in the affirmative died on his lips as he suddenly heard a low moan issue from inside the tent. McCoy let his eyes flicker to the entrance.“Shit,” he mumbled to himself.“What is it?” Jim asked anxiously.“I gotta go, Jim. Get that team down here soon,” he said into the comm, already taking a step closer to the tent. “McCoy out.”He flipped the device closed before slipping through the door.The youngest Trexin in his care, a skinny girl around Teran 14, was shifting restlessly in her bed. McCoy was at her side in an instant, crouching low.“Hey, hey,” he quietly tried to get her attention. Her eyes blearily opened before she looked up at him. He placed a hand on her forehead. Trexin fevers burned cold and she was icy.“How are you feeling, Trega?” he asked her, reaching into the medpack at his hip for a bottle of medicine and a hypo.“Cold,” she muttered. McCoy gave her a worried frown he loaded the medicine.“Well, we’re going to try and fix that. Your brother misses you awfully much, you know,” he told her. “Your mother says he hasn’t spoken to anyone since you’ve been sick.”She smiled weakly at that.“Tresso doesn’t like to talk very much in the first place,” she said. McCoy nodded, remembering when he had first met the boy at the feast. He gently released the hypo against her neck, causing her to sigh heavily. He reached up again and pulled her blankets tight around her as her eyes started to slip close again.“If you see him,” she murmured, barely audible. “Tell him I’ll see him soon.”“You got it,” he assured her.He stood up, wincing as his back popped roughly. He stretched as much he could in the small space before moving over to check on the next patient, an older man who had yet to wake up since McCoy had gotten there. Fret’chin had told McCoy that they had lost ten of their people already to the mysterious illness. It had taken a large toll on everyone else, emotionally, and McCoy had only been able to nod in understanding, at a loss for what to say.The old man was the only one that McCoy didn’t have a positive outlook on. He showed improvement over the last couple of days, but not nearly as much as the others. There wasn’t much more he could do.He pulled back the bandages that covered some of the small sores on the man’s neck. They looked finally to be on the way to healing, which was the first sign of encouragement he felt in the last few hours. He looked around the room again, at the sleeping Trexins around him, his own eyelids stubbornly refusing to remain open. Realizing that they would be okay for a few minutes, he wandered back over to empty corner he had been in earlier. As he lay down on the ground, he struggled into a position he didn’t think he’d regret when he woke up. The rough ground was a far cry from the comfort level of his bed back on the ship, but he’d make due. He felt the warm air of the planet slip through the cracks of the tent begin to breeze gently across his face. It was a soothing feeling the quickly helped put him to sleep in minutes.Some time later, a hand falling on his shoulder startled him awake. Dr. Martinez was staring down at him with a small smile. Behind her, he could see the team fanning out around the tent, checking patients. McCoy rubbed his eyes.“Lucy,” he sighed. “It’s good to see you.”“You too,” she said, pulling him to his feet and dusting off his shoulders.“What’s—”Call it a sixth sense, but before she could even make a sound, McCoy cutout midsentence to turn to Trega. As soon as she started coughing, he was already at her side, helping her turn to the bed as she threw up weakly. He tried as best he could to comfort her, before his attention was drawn to the bed beside her, when the man in it tried to weakly get up.“Martinez,” he called and she was there, pushing the man back down towards the cot.It hadn’t taken a lot to get him back down, as he was much too frail to push against the firm hand Martinez placed on his shoulder to keep him from moving farther. McCoy turned back to Trega, who was still at it, as he eyes did a scan of the room at the various patients.All of whom no longer seemed to be doing as well as he’d thought.
Dammit.
///Three hours later, McCoy didn’t even let himself think the words ‘out of the woods’ this time, or give anything remotely resembling a sigh of relief, lest he jinx it.He let the curtain fall shut behind him as he exited the tent. His whole body was stooped with exhaustion and leaned heavily against a large woven barrel beside the tent. He ran a hand over his face, yawning.“You look like you could use this.”He let his neck slide slowly to look over his shoulder at the person speaking to him. Trega’s mother, Raneet, stood behind him, a large plate of food in her hands. Despite the heavy worry lines and dark eyes, she was still attempting to smile at him. He returned it, standing up from the barrel.“Thanks,” he said, taking the offered food.“It was the least I could do, Doctor,” she said, her now-empty hands going straight to wringing lightly. McCoy sat roughly on the ground, setting the plate in his lap. He looked up at her with a raised eyebrow until she joined him, the heavy fabric of her robes spilling out around her. McCoy took a bite of the food, noting with a smile it was the same dish that Tresso was so happy he had liked at the feast. He swallowed and then looked over to his companion.“Trega woke up today,” he said. Raneet let her shoulders loosen slightly at that.“And?” she said calmly.“And she wanted me to tell her brother that she’d see him soon,” McCoy said, taking another bite as he watched the woman’s face break into a true smile. It was fleeting, however, as it soon slipped back to the worried frown.“What about the others?” she asked. McCoy sighed as he looked back to the closed tent entrance, remembering his vow earlier to not jinx it.“We’re managing,” he finally said, deciding it was a safe way to describe their situation. And it was true. He was managing; it was just that sometimes, how well he was managing changed from hour to hour.Raneet nodded, her gaze somber.“All those people we lost...” she whispered, more to herself than to McCoy. McCoy reached over and squeezed her hand, once, before meeting her gaze with a firm nod.“I know,” he said.Raneet looked up, her eyes looking deep into McCoy’s.“But now we are lucky that you are here, Dr. McCoy. Trega and the others are lucky you showed up when you did.”McCoy rubbed a hand across his forehead.“I’m trying,” he told her after a minute of silence because, truly, he didn’t know what else to say. He had only the barest of grasps on what he was doing. Everything could backfire at any minute, all the good he thought he had done the last few days useless. And as much as he wanted to reassure Raneet that everything was going to be okay, that her daughter would be fine, he knew he couldn’t look past the very distinct possibility that he could be lying.  It was nerve-racking, to say the least.McCoy went back to his food, letting silence fill the space between him and Raneet. When he finished, he set the plate aside, looking up.“Thank you, again,” he said.Raneet nodded.“You look exhausted,” she said. McCoy shrugged.“I’m a doctor. If I’m not exhausted, I’m not doin’ my job right,” he said. He got to his feet, stifling the groan that threatened to spill out of his mouth as his tired body protested the action. He helped Raneet stand.“Goodnight, Dr. McCoy,” she said lightly, picking up the plate. “I’ll make sure that Tresso gets the message.”“Goodnight,” he said.As Raneet turned around the nearest corner, McCoy pulled back the curtain into the tent. He stepped inside, relieved to see that everything seemed the same as when he left it. Except, of course, for the eyes peering intently at him from the nearest bed. He rushed quickly over to the elderly Sieble’s bed, worried the old man was in pain. It was the first time he had opened his eyes since McCoy had started treating him. They were bright and looked like they could tell a few stories.“Are you okay? Are you in pain?” he asked, hand already slipping to his medpack for the medicine there. He stilled his motions when the old man reached out slowly, wrapping his old, withered fingers around McCoy’s forearm. McCoy looked down at him with a frown. The man mumbled something, but it was lost in the breeze that was slipping through the tent. McCoy leaned in closer, trying to make out the words.“Thank you.”McCoy leaned back on his heels, letting a smile fall into place on his lips. He looked the old man in the eye firmly.“You’re welcome,” he said simply.The man let his hand slip off McCoy’s arm, his eyes blinking heavily. McCoy waited until his breathing seemed to even out before standing up and leaving the man to sleep.He made his way over to the patch of floor that he had made his makeshift bed earlier. He sat down, his back straight, as he took up vigil over the entire room. +“Just like that?”McCoy held back the urge to laugh at the deep, concentrated frown Trega wore as she looked up at him, her eyebrows drawn together. He nodded.“Just like that.”Her eyes shifted away from him, back down to patch of dirt between them. She bit her lip as she cautiously let her finger touch the ground, tracing a rough ‘o’ in the space right next to the ‘x’ McCoy himself had just drawn. She quickly looked back up at him, her eyes uncertain.“Exactly.”She beamed.McCoy was using Trega, and the rest of the people seated in a circle around their game of tic-tac-toe, as an excuse to avoid the party currently in the full-swing outside. Since yesterday, when he had off-handedly mentioned the game while checking on Juret’s vitals, every one of the patients had been pestering him to teach them. After spending 20 begrudging minutes at the party, he had surreptitiously ducked back into the medical tent, announcing to the group that he’d show them how to play. They had all gathered around excitedly as he moved Greth’s bed quickly out of the way in order to draw the board in the dirt. He knew he only had a half an hour at most before someone would finally notice his absence and come to drag his ass back out there. It was, after all, his party.When, a little over two days ago, McCoy had told Fret’chin that all the infected patients should be able to return to their own homes by the end of the next week, the man had been overjoyed.“I think that means a celebration is in order, Doctor,” he had said brightly. “With our hero as the guest of honor.”It had taken McCoy a second to fully grasp that the ‘hero’ Fret’chin was talking about was, in fact, him. When it finally clicked into place, he hastily shook his head.“It wasn’t me,” McCoy blurted out. “I had the team.”If possible, Fret’chin’s smile widened. He reached over and lightly patted McCoy’s hand.“Nonsense,” he said gently.“But, I really-”“Nonsense,” Fret’chin repeated. “I won’t hear another word against it, Dr. McCoy. You have saved our people. All of us.”Despite Fret’chin’s insistence not to, McCoy wanted to point out the untruth in the statement. Yes, he could take credit to keeping the people in the Medical tent alive the first two days before the team had been cleared to go. But it was the envoy of immunologists currently en route from Starfleet Headquarters to replace the Enterprise’s tired team that was going to be responsible for saving the rest of the village. The last time he had beamed back to the ship for more supplies, he’d had Uhura patch him through to Earth in order to update them more fully on the situation, asking what they wanted him to next. They had told him to sit tight and they’d get a team together to send over to the planet as soon as possible. They would run more extensive tests and hopefully come up with a cure or vaccine.McCoy instead had clasped his hands behind his back, nodding curtly. He bit his tongue to keep from telling Fret’chin that if he really wanted to do something for McCoy, not throwing a party would be the first thing.But, now, here he was, hiding out in the medical tent. He had a circle of beautiful, rust-colored flowers around his neck that had been placed there at the beginning of the party by Fret’chin as everyone had applauded.He jokingly pretended to eye to remaining spots on the board critically. He even tapped his chin. Finally, he reached over and put another ‘x’ in the last remaining spot on the top row. Trega, with more confidence this time, drew an ‘o’ in the middle square. McCoy knew in order to stop her from winning, he needed to make sure to put his next ‘x’ in the bottom middle square. So, naturally, he put it in the middle left one. Trega grinned again as she hurriedly put her third ‘o’ in its spot, winning the game. Everyone seated around the two held their breath as they quickly looked at McCoy, who had put a convincing frown on his face.“You cheated,” he said, looking at Trega. She shook her head, her smile still wide.“I did not! I won all on my own!” she insisted. McCoy eyed her for a minute longer.“Okay,” he finally said, drawing out the word skeptically. “I want a rematch, then!”Trega narrowed her eyes.“Alright, Dr. McCoy,” she replied.As McCoy reached down to wipe out the ‘x’s’ and ‘o’s’ from the ground, the fabric covering the tent entrance was drawn back, sending light from the mid-afternoon sun streaming into the small space. Busted.“Dr. McCoy, we have been looking everywhere for you,” Fret’chin said from his place in the doorway. McCoy looked up at him, trying for an apologetic smile.“Sorry, Fret’chin, I had to come in and check on everyone,” he said.Fret’chin took half a step out of the tent.“Is everything okay?” he asked worriedly. McCoy hastily shook his head.“No, no, everyone’s fine,” he assured the elder. “I just wanted to say goodbye before I leave.”“You’re leaving?” Trega asked behind him. McCoy turned around, seeing her and the others’ frowning faces. He smiled sadly.“Yeah, I gotta get home. Ya’ll are too healthy to need me anymore,” he joked. A few of the patients smiled or laughed softly at that. Trega, however, crossed her arms.“But what about our game? I was looking forward to winning...again,” she added with a smirk. McCoy shook his head with a chuckle.“If you ever find yourself on earth,” he said. “I promise you we’ll play. Until then, I bet Tresso will be more than happy to play with you.”McCoy stood up, surveying the group. They all looked virtually unrecognizable from the people he’d first seen when he’d walked in here just a few short days ago. They weren’t completely better, not by a long shot. But their skin actually had color and the eyes that looked back at him held light.“Take care,” he said finally, throwing up a small wave. They all waved back. Trega jumped up from her spot and rushed over to him, wrapping his waist in a tight hug.“Goodbye, Dr. McCoy,” she mumbled.“Goodbye, Trega,” he said as she stepped back. He smiled at everyone one last time before turning and following Fret’chin out the door.Like he had predicted, the party was still in full-effect around them. Everyone was talking and eating and paid no attention to him as he walked past with Fret’chin. He returned the wave Tresso threw him from the other side of the party where he stood standing next to his mother, who was laughing quietly at something her husband was saying.“Do you really have to go so soon? The party isn’t over yet,” Fret’chin said as they walked farther away from the noise.“I have a ship full of people who need me,” McCoy told him. Fret’chin laughed quietly.“Yes, I suppose you do,” he said.They came to a stop at the same grassy hill that McCoy and Spock had beamed down to for the feast.“Well, then, I guess,” Fret’chin said, reaching out a hand. McCoy shook it.“You are a good man,” Fret’chin said seriously as he let go.McCoy chuckled but didn’t respond as he took out his communicator from his pocket.“Enterprise,” he said into the open communicator “one to beam up.” + Jim jogged through the transporter room door just as transporter platform lit up. As he made his way further and further into the room, Bones’ form became more distinct. Just as Jim came to a stop next to the control panel, the white light around Bones had faded. He had a wreath of flowers around his neck that contrasted sharply with the blue of his uniform. And, most surprisingly, Bones was smiling softly.Jim frowned.“What the hell happened to you?” he asked. Bones’ smiled slipped.“What do you mean?” he snapped defensively.“You’ve never been beamed anywhere without grumbling or throwing out a weird, southern colloquialism. Now you’re smiling. What gives?” Jim asked.Bones smirked as he joined him and Scotty at the desk.“Oh, it’s nothing. You wouldn’t understand. It was something that Hyret was telling me earlier,” he said casually, eyeing Jim.“Who?” Jim asked, confused.“One of the villagers. From the planet. You wouldn’t know him,” Bones said, turning his head away from Jim.Jim crossed his arms.“You just had to rub it in, yet again, that I didn’t get to go,” Jim bit out. He watched Scotty throw up his hands defensively as he walked towards the door. Bones adopted a hurt look.“Of course I wouldn’t do that, Jim. I would never mention how beautiful it was there or how good the food was or...”“You’re an asshole,” Jim snapped, stalking away.McCoy followed right behind him.  “Or the party. Oh, Jim, those Trexins know how to celebrate...”



Not Bones




 Uhura 
 “Where is he?”The problem with Starfleet, McCoy figured, was that no one had really grasped the concept of minding their own fucking business. The training the school offered only went so far, it appeared. It didn’t matter that he was the farthest, darkest, most “leave me alone”-esque corner in the entire library. His back stiffened as he kept his eyes on his book. He exaggerated his scowl.“‘He’ who?”“Your annoying shadow. Kirk.”He squinted up in the direction of the voice, the harsh artificial lights of the library too bright for him after spending the last few hours staring at PADDs. The owner of the voice was a woman, leaning with a hip cocked against the side of the table he’d claimed as his own hours before. She looked vaguely familiar—he knew he’d seen that smirk before. He shrugged at her before lifting the PADD closer.“No idea,” he glanced at the time. “This time of night, he’s usually up to some casual law-breaking or public annoyance.”That earned him a slight laugh from the woman. He went back to his reading, already regretting his choice of moving to the library to study. It had seemed like such a good idea two hours ago. He was venturing out. He was boldly going. Now here he was, chitchatting. “In that case, is it okay if I share your table?”“I wouldn’t recommend it, no.”A bag dropped down near his elbow and he turned slowly, raising an eyebrow. The woman adjusted her ponytail.“You’re hogging the last table.”He grunted, pushing his stuff closer to him so she could slide into the empty seat. He turned back to her, raising his PADD to his chest like a shield.“I don’t like talking,” he said bluntly. “And you don’t fidget, do you?”“I have never,” she paused, the words getting stuck. When they come out, they sound entirely foreign. “Fidgeted a day in my life.”“Good.” He went back to reading. Then abruptly stopped, turning back to the girl.“Wait, how do you know Jim?” He squinted his eyes at her. “You didn’t sleep with him did you?”She rolled her eyes.“The day I find myself attracted to Jim Kirk is the day I put a phaser to my head and pull the trigger,” she stopped moving her PADDs around in order to stare at him dead in the eye. “It takes a lot more than Iowa charm and bad puns to get me into bed.”The corners of McCoy’s mouth twitch traitorously but he didn’t say anything. He lets his shoulders stand down, no longer on the defensive.“How you willingly put up with the man, I have no idea,” she continued. “I can’t tell if I should respect you or if I should pity you.”McCoy shrugged. “Either. Both.”She slid into the seat, smiling dryly.“I’m Nyota, by the way. Nyota Uhura.”McCoy set down his PADD with a snort.“Uhura? Jim’s ‘girl with no first name?’”“Nyota,” she repeated. “And if you tell Kirk that, I will never forgive you.”McCoy gave a mock salute to her.“Yes, ma’am.”She smiled and picked up a book in her stack.  The title wasn’t in any earth language, of that he was sure. Probably.“Communications?” he asked, despite himself.She nodded.“Second year,” she elaborated. “How goes the medical track?”He frowned, unsure how to put his feelings about Starfleet’s population of medical cadets into actual words, instead of just angered grunts and exasperated flailing. He felt the vein in his neck twitch.“Have you ever been in a room and found yourself worried that the combined level of stupid residing in it might end up suffocating you?”Nyota frowned before lightly shaking her head. McCoy nodded.“Well it’s sort of like that,” he sighed. “Except worse, because you know that the idiots in the room with you are going to responsible for the care of entire starships full of people. And they will be gettin’ paid to do it.”Nyota went back to her book with raised eyebrows.“Maybe you should have tried communications,” she said. “You have way with words.”“Yeah, I know,” he said, blowing the dust off the cover of one of her books as he examined the picture on the front. “How did ya know I was medical?”“Oh, I know all about you, Bones,” she said off-handedly. The smirk on her face dipped at McCoy’s sudden, violent, groan.“Don’t call me that,” he whined. “That’s a stupid nickname that I am never, ever, going to allow to catch on.”She tipped her head in understanding.“That’s the only thing Jim calls you,” she explained. “So I don’t actually know your name.”“Leonard,” he supplied. “Leonard McCoy. Doctor.”“Alright then, Leonard Leonard McCoy Doctor. No nicknames,” she smiled. “Unless I find out you ratted out my name to Jim. Then I’ll change your comm frequency so it says Dr. Bones every time you try to call anyone.”That, actually, drew a laugh out of him.“Ah, don’t worry,” he smirked. “Upsetting Jim just so happens to be my favorite activity.”“Odd. Because I think it just might be mine as well.”They shared a smile before going back to work. + 
 Spock
McCoy sank down into the chair, sighing a deeply sincere “Fuck,” as he did so.He ran a hand along the length of his face, surprised at the sharp hair he felt there. He didn’t remember the last time he had shaved. Or slept. Or left this room, really.He seriously did not get paid enough for this.Jim was dead.Was dead.As in, past tense.As in, he wasn’t presently.As in, no monetary sum in the entire world would be enough to accurately translate into the amount of sweat, tears, blood, and goddamn grit McCoy had put in literally bringing his friend back from the dead. And while he may have succeeded, dealing with Jim’s subsequent coma after being reacquainted with a pulse was an equally Herculean feat. The kid never did anything half-ass, that was for damn sure. Since they’d transferred him over to Starfleet Medical’s ICU six days ago, he’d coded twice, dropped his blood pressure to levels lower than McCoy had ever seen in his entire career, had a mild seizure and then, just for kicks, casually bled out of his ears for a little while. All of that made McCoy angry enough that, had he not been so worried about Jim, he would have beat him to (re)death with his own hands. The kid was too stupid to live.Jim was being selfish. Granted, after saving a good chunk of the world, the kid of deserved it. But that logic did nothing to soothe McCoy’s frayed nerves or calm the aching, acidic pit in his stomach. He wanted Jim—proper Jim. Grand, ungodly, god-like Jim—in order to accept that it was all worth it. He needed to see Jim, racing off somewhere with his grin that just screamed “Look at me!” Jim was never good at sitting still while life went on around him. Yet here he was. McCoy wanted to yell or complain and be generally pissy and difficult but he just couldn’t bring himself to do it.But he looked back to the bed, where Jim was still as comatose as ever. At this point, there was nothing more he could do. Jim seemed to have stabilized, so there was no immediate problem for him to be distracted by. McCoy was tired; so, so tried yet he knew he couldn’t stay seated for more than another couple minutes. He had to do something. Anything. Action of some kind. He needed something to plan out, to put in A-to-B-then-C terms, in order to feel the rush of something being completed accordingly. Because, like he said, Jim was being selfish and refusing to wake up, no matter how much McCoy planned on that.As predicated, he jumped out of his seat not a second later. Dammit, Jim.“May I speak freely, Dr. McCoy?”McCoy looked past Jim’s bed to the other side of the room, where Spock had been sitting for the last hour and a half—that’s it. Sitting. In absolute stillness. None of the fidgeting or symptoms of restlessness that McCoy had been suffering from since he’d been in the room. Then again, he’d always handled smaller spaces better than McCoy had. And really, it was truly a small room. You’d think for the captain of the fleet’s flagship, someone who had previously been deceased, they would have-“Dr. McCoy?” McCoy blinked. He was slipping. Focus. Spock had asked him something? Dammit, Spock had asked him something.“Spock, we’re not on duty—hell, we aren’t even on the ship,” he finally managed. “Speak freely all you want. And you know you can call me Leonard, right?”“Of course, Dr. McCoy. “Okay, then.“What is, Spock?” McCoy asked, too strung out for a fight, no matter how disgustingly soothing he would probably find the distraction. Spock was turning his inability to handle Jim’s death into a spectator sport and McCoy was just as sick of that as he was of Jim’s broken God complex.“I wish to express my censure at your newly developed behaviors,” Spock said, the hands clasped in his lap the image of peace, despite his tone falling almost chilly.McCoy rubbed at the back of his neck. Censure. That was one of those unnecessarily formal words nobody used anymore, except for Spock.“You wanna run that by me again?”The look Spock gave him let McCoy know that he wanted dearly to roll his eyes at him, if Vulcans were even capable of such things.“I do not agree with how you have been handling certain things since the Captain’s-”A pause? Was that a pause McCoy heard?“Since the Captain has fallen ill,” the Vulcan finished.“’Fallen ill,’” McCoy laughed, bitter, hollowed, and very obviously biting. He couldn’t help it. He glared down at Spock, let his hands clench against his thighs. “That’s an awfully kind way for you to describe it.”“I was merely try-”“Died,” McCoy bit out, moving forward a step around Jim’s bed, a step closer to Spock. Regardless if Spock had intended to start a fight, he was going to get one now. “Died is the word you are looking for. Jim died. So, yeah, you can say I’ve been a little be preoccupied to ‘handle’ things. I’m sorry I did not fill out the proper FM764 form or whatever the hell it is. Because I may have saved Jim, but he is doing his damn hardest to waste my good work. I’ve barely had time to leave this room to-”“Exactly.”McCoy’s foot stumbled mid-pace.“What?”“You have barely left this room since the Captain was transferred here. You are not sleeping. You are not eating,” Spock told him, his clinically tone sharp enough to feel.McCoy dropped the anger he’d been gathering the last few minutes in a heap, his shoulders slumping. He sighed, real and honest, and let his head dip forward.“I know,” he muttered. “I’ve just—I’ve just been a little bit busy.”Spock shook his head once, quick enough it was easy for McCoy to believe he hadn’t seen it.“The Captain’s health is not an excuse for you to endanger yourself as you have been,” Spock pressed. “You do not look well.”McCoy tried for a smile.“I think I regret lettin’ ya speak freely.”Spock (surprise, surprise) ignored the remark.“The Captain’s condition has not changed in five hours,” he pointed out. “It is logical to assume he will remain as he is for as long as it will take you to eat and rest.”Before McCoy could protest, Spock pressed on.“Besides, I will be here,” he said. McCoy waited. “Along with the other 2,424 Doctors and nurses on duty in the building.”McCoy looked at Spock. He looked at Jim. He looked down at his shoes. He looked back at Spock.“Tomorrow morning,” he finally said. “I will be back first thing tomorrow morning. But I swear to God, if anything changes and you don’t call me, I will-”“Understood,” Spock said, inclining his head.McCoy hesitated reaching the door, looking back uncertainly at Jim’s prone figure on the bed.“Go,” Spock intoned quietly.McCoy’s eyes flickered to him before he nodded, getting his feet moving once again.“Rest well, Dr. McCoy. Or, as the Captain would say,”McCoy reached the door, paused.“Get some sleep, Bones.”McCoy smiled as the door close behind him. + 
 Scotty
“Did anybody bother to tell you guys that this was a dumbass idea?”“No, that’s why we’ve got you, Bones.”McCoy folded his arms with a huff.“Whatever. It is a stupid idea, Jim, just for the record. A stupid, idiotic, dangerous, no-good, idiotic-”“You said ‘idiotic’ twice,” Jim called down to him.“That’s because it needed repeating.”Scotty chuckled beside him.McCoy ignored him.He and Jim had been on their way to lunch when Scotty had come running up to them in a panic, going off about the inertial coil or something. McCoy had understood about every third word he said, but knew enough to get the fact that he was most likely going to be eating lunch alone. As Jim had folded his arms with a frown while Scotty babbled on, McCoy had given him a small wave before leaving the pair to it.And now, three hours later, McCoy wished he had stayed because clearly, the two needed a voice of reason. He’d come down to see what was up after he’d found Jim missing from the Bridge only to see both him and Scotty elbow deep in some giant machine, covered in grease and reeking of who knows what. After apparently fixing whatever the bottom of the machine had been broken, someone needed to climb the ladder along the side that looked about four decades older than anything else aboard the ship. It looked forgotten, rickety, and a whole other list of adjectives that made him antsy as he watched Jim climb.“Is this machine dangerous?” McCoy asked, shifting eyes to look at Scotty instead.“Oh certainly,” he said cheerfully.“And you’re alright letting your Captain go up there?” McCoy asked, indignant. “Aren’t you worried he’s going to get hurt?” Scotty shook his head with a smile, looking up with pride at either Jim or the machine, McCoy couldn’t tell.“No,” Scotty said, “That’s why we’ve got you, Bones.”McCoy looked back up at Jim’s ascent, Scotty’s smile making him even more anxious than he was before. + 
 McCoy
There was a big difference between dead and presumed dead.There was a big difference between Jim laying in a zipped up body bag and Jim being missing.Right?He barreled through his office door, slamming it roughly shut behind him. Immediately, he began pacing the short distance between wall to wall, his breathing harsh and fists clenched at his sides.
No, no, no.
Jim wasn’t dead. Not again. He was going to show up any second and make fun of them all for worrying so much. I find your lack of faith disturbing he’d probably say, slapping McCoy on the back harder than was necessary.Right?McCoy slammed both his hands on his desk with a growl. For a second, he was deafened by the sound of his own heartbeat pounding in his ears. He let his head drop.“Get it together, Bones,” he mumbled.He hated being reminded that Jim is not indestructible. He hated that the Jim is simultaneously his favorite person in the world and the person that annoyed him the most—the favorite and the prodigal son. If there was one thing he knew about Jim Kirk, it was that only an idiot would bet against him.He opened his eyes.
Only an idiot would bet against Jim. 
Pushing off against the desk, he took off at a run out of his office door.
 




Not Mad



Not a Leader For once, not a single person aboard the Enterprise was looking at the stars.They were all quiet, even the ship. The ship was never quiet, a seemingly constant stream of pneumatic hisses, mechanical whirring, bumps, and grinds accompanying everyday life on Starfleet’s flagship. Not now. Now the sound of a PADD dropping in Engineering would probably be heard all the way in the Botany labs. It was more accurate to say that those sounds were probably still going on around them, but no one seemed to be able to notice. The Bridge, above all else, was supposed to be the heart of the ship; it was a hub of constant activity, yet at this moment, no one moved, no one spoke, and no one did anything besides stare.Stare at their own shaking hands.Stare at the first officer’s slopped shoulders.Stare at the empty chair in the heart of the room.All because the Captain was gone.Jim was gone.They’d lost communication with him at 1036, lost his bio-signal 1213, found his shattered communicator at 1800 on the dot, and at 2317 had beamed back the last of the search party from the planet.Everyone knew what that meant.All their duties lay forgotten. What the admiralty would say about shoddy workmanship if they could see them now. Uhura still sat with both hands braced on the edges of her console. Chekov, as soon as Spock had made the call, had let out a single choked noise. Sulu had slammed his hand against the surface of the readout screens in front of him, yet hadn’t made a single noise. And Spock, in a move that was so quintessentially Vulcan, had merely bowed his head lightly towards his chest.No one even noticed the whoosh as the turbolift doors opened.McCoy walked in, looking around at the faces he barely recognized now. They were too caught up in their own heads to pay any attention to him as he walked slowly towards the middle of the Bridge.“What,” he said finally, cool and slow, leaving no room for anyone to miss the sting implied in the words. “The hell do you think you are all doing?”They looked at him, expressions glazed over from grief or shock or the thousands of other emotions running through the ship as everyone struggled to come to terms with the fact that they’d never look into those warm eyes, crinkling at the corners as Jim told a stupid joke. They wouldn’t feel the rough pat on the back he’d give you after a rough day, or hear his voice echo after the walls as he made ship-wide announcements, a little too tongue-in-cheek to be strictly protocol. No more movie nights, no matter how disastrous that had turned out the one and only time they had done it. Or no more seeing Jim try to flirt his way out of a situation (and succeed). And never again would they get have the privilege of getting their asses saved by the one, the only, James T. Kirk.Because Jim was dead.“Leonard,” Uhura voice quietly broke through as she stood up, trying to place a hand on the agitated doctor’s wrist. He jerked his hand away. He shook slightly, though not from the feeling of sorrow that seemed to envelope the entire Bridge. No. He, unlike them, was furious and it showed in the way he scowled at the faces staring back at him and clenched his hands tight to his sides.“You’re giving up on him?” he said in shock, not believing the words. Uhura stepped back from him, looking like she had been slapped. Spock turned his head to face McCoy.“Dr. McCoy, there is noth-”“How could you do that?” McCoy snapped. “All of you? Just call it a day and set off, headed onto the next godforsaken adventure?”No one answered.“I’m ashamed of all you. And Jim would be to,” he continued, knowing he’d crossed a line but not particularly caring too much at that moment. “The Enterprise’s crew has never been one to give up so easily. So there was a little bit of blood. We’ve all seen Jim handle a hell of a lot more than that and still walk away with a grin on his face.”“I know all the signs point to him being gone, but when have any of you known Jim to play by the rules?” McCoy said, his voice betraying him and catching on the last word. “If it was any of us down there, do you know what Jim would be doing, right this very second?”There was silence as McCoy stared around the room, desperate for them to understand.“He would down there, looking for us himself,” came Chekov’s mumbled response.“Damn right he would. And would he be willing to take ‘no’ for an answer, like all of you seem so keen to do?”Another beat of silence and then...“No,” Sulu said. He locked eyes with McCoy, his face set in a rigid mask. “He would never accept any of our deaths without seeing it himself.”McCoy nodded at the lieutenant.“Exactly,” he said. He looked around again, making sure his voice was steadier than his legs certainly felt. “Now, I ask again: what the hell do you all think you are doing?”“We are getting another team together,” Spock suddenly spoke up from his spot behind the captain’s chair, his hands refusing to touch the warn backing. “To find Jim.”“Yeah we are,” McCoy smirked at the Vulcan. “And you got your first volunteer right here.”Spock nodded at him.“Me too,” Chekov and Sulu said together, their voices mixing as they both stood up.“And me,” Uhura said, again stepping up to Dr. McCoy and placing a hand on his wrist. He turned to her. “A ship needs its idiotic Captain,” McCoy said, smiling lightly.“Let’s bring him home,” she agreed. 



Not Breaking the Rules (Part One)



Jim was a man of surprises.He was stubbornly attached to the idea of being the go-to wild card in any given situation. His goddamn default setting was dedicated rebellion; that, McCoy accepted. That, he’d made peace with long ago. But while Jim seemed to gain some sick sense of pride when it came to disregarding rules, he had always had a certain understanding when it came to the preservation of a particular set of them—mainly, those Jim himself had made.Early on during their time at the Academy, Jim had made a rule that there would be absolutely no drinking on Tuesdays. Every other day of the week was fair game, but not Tuesdays. He was weirdly strict about it. At the time, McCoy had remarked how entirely stupid and random of a rule it was but, because Jim had an incredibly magnetic and twisted way of getting what he wanted, McCoy had followed it. He had broken that rule once and only once.McCoy had to address Jim as Captain Kirk in official settings.They don’t talk about Chinatown.No shoes in his quarters.Don’t talk about Tarsus unless invited.Don’t talk about Frank. Period.And as long as he doesn’t see it, whatever illicit, felonious, or frowned upon activities Scotty was up to could be ignored.Jim never broke his own rules.Until today when, apparently, he had finally run out of other people’s rules to break.“Jim?”Jim, unnervingly, continued to stare blankly back at him, his jaw twitching. McCoy slammed his hand impatiently against the wall. They didn’t have time for this.“Jim!”Jim finally blinked. He looked away from McCoy, instead letting his forehead briefly tip against the wall.“Go.” +  
Three hours earlier.
Bones was a man of surprises.“Seriously?” “Seriously.”“You’re going to go with us?”“Yep.”“And I don’t have to bribe you?”“And you don’t have to bribe me.”“Are you fucking with me?”“What? No, I’m not fucking with you!”“This feels like you’re fucking with me.”Bones threw up his arms.“Dammit, Jim! If you don’t want me to go, I won’t go!”“Okay, okay, okay,” Jim tried to calm him. “Sorry. Can you blame me for being a little skeptical about your sudden...” he paused, searching for the right word. “Gusto about going on an incredibly dangerous away mission?”Bones rolled his eyes.“My gusto comes from the fact that this is an incredibly dangerous mission. Someone is gonna get hurt.”Jim nearly let Bones see his grin.This mission was going to be dangerous. People were going to be hurt and there was no one Jim wanted on his clean-up crew than Leonard McCoy.  The bad thing was, the mission contained Bones’ least favorite things: phasers, fighting, and uncertainty—there was going to be too much spontaneity for Bones’ heart to handle.But it also had a few of his favorite things: complaining, bitching, whining, and helping people in trouble. Jim had gone to his office, knowing that, as with most things, Bones would eventually give in to whatever Jim wanted. But he had just expected a little more showmanship to it.  Bones usually made a fantastic of show of hating everything.But he’d said yes before Jim had ever even gotten around to the question.So they were set.Jim, Bones, and about 26 trained tactical officers were headed down to the Hada Ctale Trading outpost on Keid V in response to the distress signal sent by the station’s captain nearly two hours ago. Captain Belmont’s message had been short, vague, and cheerfully cryptic. The Enterprise was the closest ship to come help them out, though it still was going to be a 3 hour warp-factor-9-Mister-Sulu trip to get there.“Okay, Bones. You can come,” Jim finally accepted. He put his hands on the edge of the desk. “But there’s a catch. You have to follow the one rule.”“Oh my God, I ain’t gonna throw up, Jim!”“No, although, I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t thought about that,” he admitted. “You have to promise me you’ll stay clear of the fighting. I’ll make it an order if I have to. But you are not getting involved. We’ll bring the injured to you. I don’t even want you to have a reason for your phaser. Okay?”“Hey, you aren’t going to hear any complaints from me,” Bones admitted, pushing up from his chair. “When we leavin’?”“Now. Get your stuff, go throw up a couple times to get it out of your system.”“I am not going to throw up, Jim.”Jim looked at with steady, unapologetic eyes.“Leonard,” he drew out.Bones met his eye, his mouth twisting tightly for a minute before he sighed.“Dammit, Jim,” he said, before pushing past to the office door. He was headed, Jim knew, to the bathroom. + 
Now.
While McCoy’s glass was rarely allowed to be half full, right now it really wasn’t even half anything. The liquid had drained steadily as soon as his feet had touched the ground on the base, leaving the glass bone dry, until another few shots from their Klingon—because of fucking course it had to be Klingons— opponents had shattered the glass entirely. Four Enterprise crewmembers were dead already, along with half the starbase crew. McCoy had at least a dozen people’s blood literally on his hands at the moment and he was well past sick of seeing people die today, thank you very much. He wasn’t about to let Lieutenant Wildner go out without a fight. According to the shouts a few other crewmen had thrown his direction, it seemed the Lieutenant had more blood outside his body than he did in it. They couldn’t move him, they were barely holding the Klingons at bay as it was. The only option was for McCoy to leave the relative safety of the Jefferies tube access panel he’d been hiding behind for the last two hours. To the casual observer, he seemed to be handling the stress fairly well. He was calm, cool, and collected as he fixed the wounds he could and cut loses when he had to—everything an ideal CMO was supposed to be. In the inside, it was kind of an internalized version of the alarms blaring around them now. He wanted to throw up, but he’d already given Jim his word he wouldn’t do it here and dammit it all, if he wasn’t going to stick to it. As everything went to shit around him, his own stupid determination seemed about the only thing he had left.“Jim?”Jim, unnervingly, continued to stare blankly back at him. His jaw twitched. McCoy slammed his hand impatiently against the wall. They didn’t have time for this.“Jim!”Jim finally blinked. He looked away from McCoy, instead letting his forehead briefly tip against the wall.“Go.”McCoy nodded and jumped up. He took off running, rounding the corner in a slide that had to have looked impossibly cool. Jim and three other security officers had pinned a couple Klingons in the storage deck; now, the way McCoy saw it, it was just a matter of out drawing each other.Well.For everyone else, it was a matter of out drawing each other. First and foremost, McCoy’s job was simply to help out those who didn’t draw quick enough.  But he knew how to shoot and was ready. Gun dueling had started in the south, after all.He was forced to duck as a shot flew over his head. As he straightened up, he felt a hand land on his shoulder.“Well, that was close.”McCoy whipped around.“Jim, what the hell are you doing?” Jim was supposed to stay back. He had the perfect cover back at the Jefferies tube McCoy had been using.Jim just shrugged, like finding himself nearly decapitated by a Klingon Disrupter was a genuine mystery to him as well.“You left you safety on,” was the only explanation he gave before taking off. He threw a lofty “You coming or what?” over his shoulder.McCoy looked around twice before switching the safety off and followed quickly, keeping low.They were just headed to the other side of the storage deck, but between the Disrupter shots (and the occasional phaser fire) that they dodged, they dropped to halt besides Wildner’s fallen body feeling like they’d run a marathon. A totally fucked up marathon.“Jesus Christ,” McCoy muttered, pushing up his formerly blue sleeves. Wildner was bloody past recognition. The source a jagged diagonal slash across his stomach and into his chest, the handy precision only a Klingon blade could be responsible for. His eyes were open, but he hadn’t looked down when McCoy had put pressure on the wound as best he could. McCoy knew whatever help he could be was 10 minutes too late.“Jim, check his pulse!” he yelled anyway, still warm blood slipping up between his fingers. Jim snapped into action, lifting a hand to Wildner’s neck.He shook his head.“He’s dead, Bones.”And that made it five.McCoy sat back on his heels, rubbing a hand across his face. He ignored the fire fight around them, he ignored Jim’s look, ignored the shouts and alarms, ignored everything for just half a second. He was not here. He was back on the ship, stuck filling out inventory lists with Christine. His back’ll hurt in the morning from the way he’s leaning over to check the crates with the Metroxin. But it’s okay, because his shift is almost over. Then he can go back to his quarters and sleep.McCoy blinked and he was back.Jim had moved a few feet away to peer around the edge of a large shipping container, letting off a few shots here and there.“Captain!” shouted a security officer. He was crouched behind his own box about 20 feet away. “The USS Zhukov is here. Uhura sent the call to me when you didn’t answer. They said they’ve got the rest of the ship under control!”“Lucky us!” Jim shouted back. “We get to be the heroes. Bones, run along and tell the townsfolk we’re almost ready for our parade.”McCoy looked down at Wildner’s body one last time before calmly stepping over him to stand at Jim’s side. He unhooked the phaser from his side.Jim immediately went wide-eyed.“You heard Callahan. The rest of the ship is safe. Get the hell out of here.”McCoy merely checked the settings on the gun.“I’m already here, Jim,” was his quiet answer.Jim grit his teeth but turned back to the fight regardless.McCoy ducked low to look around his own edge of the box, trying to remain as small as possible as he looked around for the source of the return shots. A shot rocked over his head, sending more chunks of wall flying. He took aim and fired, right towards the Klingon. He twisted back away from the edge of the crate before seeing if it hit.“Are we aimin’ to kill or stun?” he asked Jim idly. Jim shot twice before turning to stand shoulder to shoulder with him.“We’re aiming just to hit, at this point.”Jim was unhurt, miraculously, but was a ragged mess. His shirt was ripped and the dirt from the floor around them was clinging to the sweat that poured down his face. This, McCoy thought idly, was what the Starfleet recruitment pamphlet should have on their cover. It was a hell of a lot more honest than any of smiling, shiny cadets. He held back a snort. Even the cadets didn’t look like that in real life. He was entirely sure he had never smiled during his years at the Academy. And he sure as hell had never shined, in any convoluted, poetic stretch of the word. Jim shined, but it was unintentional. He shined out of spite.“Where the hell is the crew of Zhukov?”“I don’t-” Jim suddenly stopped talking, his back arching as he looked around them. His foot took a hesitant step back.“Bones...”McCoy lowered his gun.“What?”“They stopped shooting at us,” Jim whispered. Despite sounding very much like good news to McCoy, Jim’s voice was sharper and more edged than it had been the entire mission. Entirely unbecoming of shiny captains getting ready for parades.“Why would they stop shootin’ at us?” McCoy rolled his shoulders to fight off the chill that ran down his spine, worsened by the panicked look Jim gave him.“I told you to get out of here, Bones.”McCoy pulled away from leaning on the crate to face Jim. He’d never been here before. Most times (and yes, the Enterprise had enough standoffs with unfriendlies for McCoy to actually be able to differentiate “most times”), McCoy was far away from this point, back on the ship in his Medbay with his nurses and his security. To be honest, he was not liking it. At all. It offended him, on a deep personal level. But there was Jim.His mother always told him that couldn’t jump off bridges just because his friends did. No, mama, of course not, he’d said. And he still, 33 years in, wouldn’t jump off a bridge for anyone in the world.Cliffs in red Nibiru forests, however, were an entirely separate matter. Because it was Jim, dragging him along and making sure he ducked and grinning at him as they fell.Because with Jim, there wasn’t a lot McCoy would do stop him.“Like hell am I leavin’ you here.”“Bones just lis-”Again, Jim’s words were cutoff.“Did you feel that?” he asked instead, pushing off the crate and giving it a glare.“Feel what?”“Shhh!” Jim snapped, sliding quietly to look around the edge of the crate. “Stay still.”Stay still, McCoy would repeat to himself later. Stay still, stay out of trouble, don’t throw up, don’t leave Jim, be shiny. Those were the things that stuck. His life didn’t flash before his eyes because he wasn’t a horrid cliché and this wasn’t a story. He just held onto the things that had seemed most important to him at that given moment, the moment he looked up and knew Jim was never going to forgive him.He locked eyes with the Klingon, perched (coincidentally enough) like a bird of prey on top of the crate next to him just before it jumped off. Of all the things he could do in the half a second he was given to come to terms with this recent development, freaking out was among the worse.But, alas.McCoy tensed instinctively, the phaser slipping from his hand because sometimes he was a horrid cliché. The Klingon yelled as he fell towards McCoy, a ragged sound that, McCoy unfortunately knew, would probably be the last thing he ever heard.“BONES!”Well, damn. How about that?And then Jim was there, running full-sprint at him and pushing him in the back. McCoy slammed the ground hard enough to see space (wow, thanks for that) the impact rough and angled across his ribs. He grit his teeth against the bounce his body made against the floor. He blinked heavily, clearing his head as he looked back.“JIM!”The Klingon was finishing its fall, but Jim was already down. He stumbled from the force of pushing McCoy out of the way, and there wasn’t enough time to fix it. The Klingon landed and rolled atop of him, pinning Jim with his body weight. Neither Jim nor McCoy had time to make a noise before the blade was shoved into his back.McCoy was done hesitating.He grabbed the phaser that had skidded a few feet away, waited until the Klingon reared up with his knife for another hit, and pulled the trigger. Its guttural yell was echoing when McCoy reached Jim’s side. He kicked the Klingon’s body away roughly.“Jim,” McCoy breathed. Jim was yelling broken words, twisting away from the hands McCoy set on him. Jim looked up at him, or tried to. His eyes kept slipping to the side.“B-Bones,” he whispered. “Eyes on me,” McCoy answered, ripping a chunk of Jim’s shirt that remained gold and applying it to the jagged cut near his spine. “Eyes on me, Jim.”Jim arched off the ground as McCoy pushed down on the wound, his nails attempting to grip the floor.“I know,” McCoy whispered.There was blood everywhere, staining the knees of McCoy’s pants as he kneeled closer.“Dammit, Jim! Stay with me.”Jim couldn’t do it, McCoy knew that objectively. His eyes were already too glazed over. McCoy pressed the wound again.“Dr. McCoy!”McCoy looked up to see Sulu sliding to a stop beside him. The Lieutenant’s eyes widened at he looked down at them.“Get us back to the ship now,” McCoy emphasized.Numbly, Sulu nodded, pausing a half a second as his fingers fumbled for the communicator in his pocket.“Jim, we’re going back to the ship,” McCoy said. “Stay awake til we get back to the ship.”Jim was screaming, looking at McCoy and not even seeing him. Sulu was yelling at the communicator, trying to be heard over his captain’s sobs. McCoy wiped the sweat of his forehead with his free hand, leaving Jim’s blood smeared across his face.Don’t throw up, he repeated. Don’t throw up.Jim sagged back, his yells dying out as his eyes slipped closed.McCoy reached out and slapped his cheek.“Jim, no. You gotta stay awake. You gotta stay with me,” he whispered. He slapped harder. “Jim.”He felt the transporter lock on. + McCoy was furious.He pushed the entire contents of his desk off with a yell, leaving him feeling vindictively satisfied as they crashed across the room. He pushed the chair over next, followed by the PADDs in the corner.Out of things to destroy, he settled for slamming his hand down on the empty surface of his desk. Once, twice, three times and it was finally starting to have an effect on the hollow pit in his gut.“Dr. McCoy.”He nearly growled as he whipped around.Christine’s face was pinched as she stepped through the office door, shutting it behind her quietly and leaning against the frame.“Leonard,” she said gently.
“What?”
She folded her arms as she raised an eyebrow.“Leonard,” she repeated.McCoy deflated, sitting heavily against the edge of his desk, the only thing still standing in the office.“I know,” he sighed.Jim wasn’t dead. McCoy had spent two hours in surgery with him to make sure of that. He wasn’t dead, but he’d goddamn made that a difficult thing to achieve. Klingon blades were vicious and serrated and were designed to hurt in the worst ways possible. The Klingon McCoy had killed had made sure to twist the knife in Jim’s back, leaving a torn and jagged path of destruction through Jim’s internal organs. Twice they’d lost him on the operating table. Twice.McCoy was tired. He was just so fucking tired.Christine watched him silently for a few minutes, probably just to make sure his temper tantrum didn’t cause any more property damage. Finally, she pushed off the frame of the door with her shoulder and took two steps to bring her face to face with McCoy. Deftly, she placed her hands on his shoulders.“It’s okay,” she said quietly.McCoy looked up her. That was a nice sentiment. It really was. It’s okay, we saved him this time. It’s okay, he’s alive. You did your job. We get to keep our captain. He reached up gently and pushed her hands away from him.“No, it’s not,” he said and walked out the door.Everyone in Medbay did a remarkably unsubtle job of pretending they hadn’t heard his meltdown.“You’re in charge,” he grunted, not even looking back to make sure the other doctor heard him before leaving Medbay completely.  +  Jim was furious.He just really didn’t have the energy to do anything about it. He was not particularly lucid at that point, but he was aware enough to feel very cold hands poking hard against his side.“Mmm. St’p.”The hands kept poking.He grunted again and tried to shift away.“Bones, st’p it. Cu’it o’t,” he rasped.“Sorry, Captain.”That had Jim prying his eyes open because that voice was decided female and decidedly not Bones.It was blurry. Everything was blurry and shifting rapidly, refusing to let him focus on anything. He blinked but it only made it worse. What was he trying to do again?“Captain?” the voice asked. A voice not male and not Bones. Right. Riggghhht.“Bones?” he said, and even managing that simple sentence made him out of breath.“Captain, are you in any pain?”It was a simple enough question but Jim really couldn’t get his brain wrapped around what he was supposed to do with it. He felt disconnected, the words too big for his body. Was he expected to respond? Questions usually had answers, right?“Okay,” the voice sighed. The not Bones voice. He was looking now, staring at the voice, not comprehending anything as her mouth keeps moving. More questions?Bones would know how to handle questions. He was sure of it.The best solution would be to go to sleep and deal with all of...whatever the voice wanted...when Bones got here.The voice was louder, but Jim was in no way listening.The next time Jim woke up he could actually form sentences. Real sentences, with subjects and verbs and syllables.He watched Christine quietly adjust some settings on the panel beside his head, her mouth quirked in a little frown—nothing, Jim knew, compared to the scowl that Bones was probably extra specially preparing for him right now. But, if Jim had to wake up to one grumpy pretty face, he’d much rather it be Christine’s. Her bedside manner was remarkably less loud and violent than the good doctor’s. Jim frowned then too, finally allowing the fact that it was Christine at his bedside to sink in.“Christine,” Jim finally said. He tried to be quiet, but he still managed to make Christine do a small jump backwards.“Jim,” she answered, eyes wide. “You’re awake.”“And alive, apparently,” Jim grunted, shifting in the bed and hissing sharply—every inch of his body hurt in that exceptional way that could only come from being alive.Christine’s face broke out in a tired smile.“Yes, you’re alive. Barely,” she added darkly.Jim let out a low whistle.“That bad, huh?”Christine nodded.“That bad,” she agreed, pulling idly at the threads of the biobed’s blanket.“The Klingons?” Jim asked, not really remembering much of anything, really. Bones had been there. Bones had fell? Wait, no, Jim had fallen?“Dead. Or in prison. Or some variation thereof,” Christine said, shaking her head darkly. “You all were very, very lucky, Jim.”“How many did we-”Christine shook her head again.“Jim,” she said softly. “We’ve just established that you are barely alive. Let’s just focus on keeping you that way for a bit.”Jim rubbed a hand across his face. She was right and he knew it, and she knew that he knew it.“Do you have to get Bones?” Jim asked suddenly, changing topics and stopping her with a hand on her wrist. “He tends to get a little worked up when I’m here. I’m good with waiting another few minutes for that. Or you be my doctor. I won’t tell anyone, I promise.”That earned him an amused laugh.“Not a chance,” she said soberly. “Being your nurse is hell enough. Besides, you’re in luck. Leonard isn’t on duty. I’ll go get Sakar to-”Jim snorted.“Yeah, right, Christine. You gotta try harder than that to get me. I should have known you were in cahoots with Bones,” he said, shaking his head lightly. “Go ahead and get him, if you must. He’s probably been practicing his rant in the mirror the last few hours anyway, beside himself with excitement over all the new ways he’s found to call me an idiot.”Ooh, that was a good line. He’d have to repeat it to Bones once he got there. After he’d calmed down, obviously. Jim liked pushing Bones’ buttons, but he wasn’t suicidal. Interrupting one temper tantrum would surely lead to a divergent temper tantrum that would be at least 10 times worse, with an added dose of metaphors and southern colloquialisms shouted at him. Not recommended.Jim grinned slipped when he saw that Christine was still frowning at him.“He’s not here, Jim,” she said quietly. “He put Sakar in charge hours ago.”Well that didn’t make sense. Bones would never miss out on a chance to verbally castrate Jim. He lived for it. Jim had always highly suspected Bones had agreed to be his CMO only for the benefit of having an official reason to yell at him. Jim let go of Christine’s wrist.“Oh,” was all he said.Christine smiled sympathetically before stepping away towards the other side of the room, where Jim could see Sakar picking through a pile of PADDs. Jim really didn’t know a lot about the Andorian, apart from the stories Bones had told him occasionally. Never had the chance. Why would he? The doctor he’d had the last six years was very persistent and liked to have a monopoly on Jim’s healthcare.“Captain,” Sakar greeted. Jim smiled tiredly. As much as he had joked with Christine, Jim was still feeling horribly uncomfortable. His back, especially, felt like it had been ripped open. Sakar’s blue hands began tapping away at the scanners above Jim’s head. “Do you remember what happened?”“Uhhhhhhhhhhh,” Jim replied dumbly. “Klingons on Keid V. We were pinned down in storage. But that’s about it.”Sakar nodded. “That’s to be expected. Apart from everything else, you received a grade three concussion, its results being an acute temporary loss of consciousness.”Jim raised an eyebrow over Sakar’s shoulder.“You got hit on the head and passed out. That’s not very good,” Christine said gently. Jim nodded.“Right,” Sakar said, glancing between the two with a pinched face. “It took quite a while in surgery. You had perforated lacerations along your tem-”“You took a Klingon knife to the back,” Christine interrupted. “It punctured a lung and tore through some organs on its way out.”“Ah, that explains the throbbing, Klingon knife-shaped wound I am feeling,” Jim mumbled. His energy was slipping by the second. “When can I get out?”Sakar and Christine shared another look.“That’s up to Dr. McCoy,” Sakar told him before whispering some quiet instructions to Christine. Jim blinked slowly, meeting Christine’s eyes as she nodded at whatever Sakar was telling her.“Sleep well, Captain,” the doctor said, smiling in a way that left Jim a little bit less secure in his bed. He walked away, heading to the back office. Bones’ office.Jim rubbed at his face again.“Christine,” he said quietly. “Where is Bones?”Christine’s hands resumed their restless twisting of the sheet edges.“Off duty,” she said quickly.“So you’ve said,” Jim sighed. “But when has that ever stopped him?”Jim hurt. His body was tired. He just wanted to know where the hell Bones was and everyone was giving him the runaround. Bones was here, he was always here and being off official duty meant nothing to him most days. He liked to sit with any unconscious patient, meticulously monitoring their vitals and talking quietly to them when they woke up. Because he cared. Because he loved his job. Because for someone so determinedly against it, Leonard McCoy was an incredibly good person.So where the hell was he?“Wait,” Jim said. “Was he okay?”He vaguely remembered pushing Bones out of the way of something. Someone?Christine waited to answer until she’d pulled a chair away from the bed next door and sat down by Jim’s head.“He’s fine,” she said. “Like I said, Jim. You were incredibly lucky to have made it back to this ship alive. He’s pretty shaken up.”Jim sat with that for a beat. He was having trouble keeping his eyes open now.“Go to sleep, Jim,” she said, pushing the chair back and standing up. She pulled a hypo from the tray beside his head. “Or I will put you to sleep.”Christine, what the fuck? Jim asked. Not out loud, apparently. He couldn’t quite get the right muscles to move.“The fuck?”Christine patted his arm with a pretty smile.His eyes closed.



Not Talking to You (Part Two)



Fact: A lot of the Enterprise’s missions don’t end with a quick hand shake and a diplomatic smile. McCoy knew this because it was his job to make sure those people who returned afterwards sort of continued on living. And yeah, that was kind of a shit job to have. It was definitely something the recruiter hadn’t mentioned to him when getting him to enlist. He’d talked about saving worlds and discovering the wonders of the universe or some bullshit like that. McCoy hadn’t really been listening. He may have had a little (read: a lot) to drink before sitting down at that particular meeting. He’d told the guy to save his shtick for the twenty-something adrenaline junkies Starfleet seemed to recruit by the dozen; he was in Starfleet to save lives, not to bring about galactic peace. It was a nice sentiment, but McCoy wasn’t buying it. He’d signed the contract and left to get truly smashed at a bar before getting on the shuttle the next morning; the idea being that he’d still be drunk when he got in the damn thing and be less inclined to have a panic attack at the slightest bump. He could sleep through the whole thing.But that didn’t happen. Because some twenty-something adrenaline junkie had the balls the plop down next to him. And somewhere between sharing his whiskey and throwing up on the kid’s shoes, McCoy had found himself a best friend, whether he liked it or not (he did, but he didn’t have to let Jim know that).Jim was there on the first day of the rest of McCoy’s life. He was the first person who didn’t look at him like he was some sad drunk or some sad ex-husband or some sad cantankerous asshole, despite learning all of that in the first five minutes of meeting him. Jim saw him as more than the sum of his parts. And to a sad, drunken ex-husband with a bad attitude, that sure meant a lot.It wasn’t easy being friends with Jim. Oh, no. McCoy could write a fucking book on the giant cautionary tale that was James Tiberius Kirk. He learned quickly that when the kid decides he likes you enough to keep you around, your life sort of becomes entirely reactionary to his; you get sucked in by hidden genius, disguised beneath rampant immature charm and cocky grins and pretty soon you find yourself jumping off the edge of cliff with him.McCoy knows he isn’t a smart man. He thought he was, before joining Starfleet. But his first semester there, he realized that he just might actually be the dumbest person this side of the galaxy. Because a smart man would have booked it far away from Jim the second after realizing how much trouble he was going to be. And what did McCoy do?He let the idiot move in with him.And then he followed him into space.See? Not very smart. In fact, it was pretty damn stupid of him to do that. He should have never have agreed to follow Jim anywhere, never have agreed to be his doctor, and never agreed to go to some starbase under Klingon attack. Because that’s how you end up with your best friend in front of you on an operating table without a pulse.This was another thing the recruiter could have tried to work into his pitch at some point. Shoot for a little bit of romantic realism.McCoy crept quietly as he reached the Medbay doors, somehow trying to will the doors not to make their trademark pneumatic squeak as they opened. Medbay was deserted, apart from one nurse. She looked up from her PADD briefly as he walked in, before turning back, uninterested. Seeing the CMO in Medbay was uninteresting, even if it was at three in the morning and he was walking around like a goddamn spy.He tip-toed over to the only occupied bed, lit by a single low light on the wall. Jim was asleep, he knew that. He’d been monitoring his vitals from his room ever since he’d left. He waited until Jim had been asleep for a couple hours before chancing to come down. He didn’t want to risk Jim waking up when he was here. He really didn’t want to see Jim at all right now, but he was a doctor first, pissed off second.Because yeah, he was pissed at Jim. Beyond pissed. He honestly couldn’t think of another time in his life when he had ever been angrier at a person.He gently leaned against the biobed next to Jim’s, folding his arms and glaring across at him.Jim shouldn’t be here. He had pushed McCoy out of the way of that Klingon blade like the noble jackass that he was always going to be. He was only here because he carelessly tried to throw his life away for an idiot who’d frozen in the middle of an attack. Jim had a habit of doing shit like that all the time. He was the hero, always. He jumped in front of triggers for a fucking living.McCoy was getting really sick of it.Jim twisted in his sleep and McCoy immediately pushed off the bed and headed out the door. + Bones had never showed up. Not once in the three days that Jim was forced to stay in Medbay. Nor even after Jim had been released. Personal days, Christine had told Jim when he’d asked. Which is why, obviously, Jim was not at Bones’ quarters, ringing the bell.There wasn’t an answer.Jim a) knew that Bones’ was  in there, he’d double checked with the computer and b) he knew that Bones knew that Jim had code. He could go in without Bones’ giving him permission, making not answering the door a very calculated choice on Bones’ part. Bones was trying to tell him something and Jim was listening. He really was. The problem was, he was practically working in the dark here. He had no idea what the hell he’d done to deserve this. He’d been hurt, yes. But it wasn’t the first time nor was it even the worst time. So clearly that wasn’t it.Jim rang the bell again.No answer. Damn. He usually had Bones clocked, calculated, and read better than this. Afterall, he’d been spent years dedicated to the subject. Bones as a person made for the most intriguing puzzle. And god, Jim had wanted to solve it. He’d been trying since the second they’d met. Because, more so than every other person Jim had met his life, Bones was made up of pieces that didn’t fit. Sure, there were the corner pieces. The parts of Bones’ personality that anchored him and prevented Jim from getting too lost. And it was incredibly satisfying to find the missing pieces that linked the corners, the experiences Bones had had that informed the seemingly random disconnects in his thinking. So Jim was missing a piece. Something had happened between the starbase and Jim waking up 26 hours later that would make Bones’ behavior readable. Only Bones had the piece and it seemed he wasn’t sharing.“Bones, come on,” Jim said. Then, too quiet for anyone to hear behind a closed door. “Don’t leave me out here.”Nothing.Jim sighed and headed towards his own quarters. His back was killing him and it throbbed with each step.So Bones wasn’t going to answer. Nor was he going to leave his quarters, in fear of running into Jim. But when Jim had been locked down in Medbay, he’d come out to the cafeteria at least once to have lunch with Uhura after she had invited him. He had turned Uhura into his confidant, but she wasn’t willing to give Jim any information on the subject. Bones trusted her.Hmm. + Sitting on the floor of his quarters, McCoy waited until the door chime finally stopped before getting up. + McCoy was halfway through reorganizing his bookshelf for the third time in as many days when his PADD chirped cheerfully from his bed. He set down the handful of hardbacks he had and picked it up.
13:54. Message from Lt. N. Uhura to Lt. Cdr. L. McCoy.
Lunch tomorrow?
McCoy’s eyes narrowed. It’s not that Uhura asking him to lunch was strange. They were friends. But she was also friends with Jim. He quickly jabbed out a response.
13:55. Message from Lt. Cdr. L. McCoy to Lt. N. Uhura.
Can’t.
McCoy knew Jim had a certain way that, more often than not, led to him getting what he wanted. Uhura wasn’t one to fall for it easily, but that didn’t mean she was immune. Jim had this...charm that could stun a horse at fifty paces. He very rarely resorted to, because that made the game too easy. McCoy didn’t know what “the game” actually was but he was sure he probably didn’t want to know.
13:55. Message from Lt. N. Uhura to Lt. Cdr. L. McCoy.
Leonard, you can’t stay in your quarters forever. Jim won’t be there, I promise. 
But she also wasn’t one to break promises.
13:55. Message from Lt. Cdr. L. McCoy to Lt. N. Uhura.
Alright, I guess. Meet me there at 12.
He tossed the tablet back onto the sheets before picking up the books again. + Okay, so Uhura didn’t really send that message. Jim felt bad about that. But he’d come up with a plan to fix that after his current, more important, plan was in the clear. He was also going to talk to the systems department about how ridiculously easy it had been. Crouched in the doorway, he watched Bones slowly step out of the lift before heading for the cafeteria doors. Jim grinned triumphantly. He waited five minutes, letting Bones get his food and find a table, before strolling in, casual and with a nod of the head at every passing crewman as he grabbed his own tray.Bones was too preoccupied picking the tomatoes out of his salad to realize the (the metaphorical) trap was closing in around him. Jim plopped down in the seat across from him.“Bones,” he said, tipping his head forward slightly.Bones blinked up at him. Once, twice, three times before finally setting down his fork with a snap.“She’s going to kill you,” Bones said simply, pushing against the edge of the table to get up.“Wait,” Jim said. “Give me five minutes.”Bones looked at him. He looked ready to growl or to bite, but his eyes were heavy. He sagged back into his chair abruptly.“You have three.”There was a pinched way Bones was setting his shoulders, like he was physical restraining himself from something. That’s not Bones’ style. Bones is all wild gestures and shouted drawls when he’s angry. His temper takes up as much space as he can manage, filling up around a room in an oppressive heat. It’s commanding. This new restrained struggle to keep himself in should have Jim worried. It did, but there was also a part of him that was intrigued.“You’re avoiding me,” Jim says quietly. He kept his own words and body in check, afraid any sudden move might spook Bones.Bones, for his part, didn’t try to deny it. He merely continued to stare at Jim like he’s speaking another language. A disgusting other language, apparently.“You took time off specifically so you wouldn’t see me while I was in Medbay. And now you only leave your room when you think I’m not around,” Jim continued.“I took time off because I earned time off, captain,” his voice was low, and eerily calm.“Right,” Jim said. “So you’re really not going to tell me why you’re mad at me? We’re really going to do this?”Bones folded his arms and glared at the wall over Jim’s head.“Can I go now?” Bones asked.“I can’t fix it if you don’t tell me what’s wrong,” Jim said. “I’m trying to help.”That got Bones’ attention. He pushed his tray out of the way so he could lean forward on the table, meeting Jim’s eye.“Exactly,” he said quietly.“What?”“Why can you never just let it be, Jim?” Bones asked.Jim didn’t understand the question. But it seemed so genuine it cut Jim short. So he defaulted to defending himself.“Because I’m usually right.”Bones was up and out of his seat before Jim could even take a breath.“Bones, you don’t just get to walk away.”But he did.                                                                                     + “I am going to beat you to death with my bare hands.”There were better ways to be greeted on the Bridge. Jim merely shrugged.“I’ll burn that bridge when I get to it, Lieutenant,” he told her. He turned his eyes to Spock, sitting rigidly in his chair. The Vulcan looked up at him with a raised eyebrow.“Are you positive you are healed enough to return, Captain? Dr. McCoy has cleared you?”Jim again shrugged.“Well he didn’t say no,” he mumbled, dropping into the seat with a wince as soon as Spock was out of it. Jim hadn’t expressly asked Bones if it was okay. But the official log had Bones coming back on duty today after his hissy fit-induced vacation, so Jim had thought what the hell and made his way to alpha shift. If his doctor had a problem with it, he could tell Jim himself. Spock gave him a lingering look before heading back to his own chair in the back. Jim ran his hands along the armrests of the chair. It had been a long week out of it and he couldn’t wait to make up for lost time. Maybe a little quick trip to Alcor III would cheer him up. Jim always was a sucker for a good radioactive moon. Or they go head out to a completely uninhabited planet. Before the Klingons, Jim had been in deep talks with the ship’s cartographers about a couple of unknown planetoids near the neutral zone that looked like an adventure waiting to happen.“Um. Captain?”Jim looked back at Uhura. “Yes?”“There’s a call from Medbay coming in.”Jim folded his arms.“Patch it through.”There was a pause, long enough that Jim honestly began thinking that Bones might have called just to further his silent treatment, because he was crotchety old bastard who would do something like that.“Captain, it’s Chapel.”He still didn’t let his voice sound any less suspicious.“Christine,” he greeted. “What’s up?”“Well, Captain, I’m sorry about this,” she apologized. “But Dr. McCoy has a message for Captain Spock.”“Spock’s no longer acting captain,” Jim corrected.“See, sir, that’s the message,” Christine said quietly. “He wanted me to tell Spock that he is, in fact, still captain because-oh for God’s sake, I can’t do this.”She broke off as someone began whispering fiercely on her side of the connection.When she came back on the line her voice was incredibly deeper and had a subtle slip of southern.“Captain Kirk is not cleared for duty,” Bones’ voice echoed around the room. “His vitals are still off and he should be resting in his quarters. He shouldn’t be anywhere near the Bridge.”“What?” Jim snapped, rising from his seat as quickly as his back would allow. “You’re grounding me, Dr. McCoy?”“As this ship’s commanding medical officer, it is my opinion that Captain Kirk is not ready for duty,” Bones continued as if Jim hadn’t spoken, his voice razor sharp. “His injuries are still too severe.”As Jim began adamantly shaking his head, Spock stood quickly.“When can the captain return to duty, doctor?”Jim clenched his fists. Waiting for it.“Three days. Maybe four,” Bones said, his nonchalant tone making the tension worse. “McCoy out.”The line went silent.Jim’s mouth opened indignantly, but he was so angry, words escaped him. Instead he could do nothing but stare out the viewscreen, his breathing heavy.No one moved. No one besides him seemed to even be breathing. Jim flexed his hands a couple more times, letting his anger subside enough that he could see straight before looking at Spock.“Your chair, Captain,” Jim said quietly.He waited for Spock’s nod before walking into the lift with as much dignity as he could.  + Christine looked up at him from the doorway.“You’re an ass.”McCoy snorted.“Starfleet didn’t hire me to be nice,” he said. He rolled his shoulders. If Christine wanted to get into this, he’d damn well get into it. He was itching for a fight and he wasn’t particular as to the specifics. “They hired me to take care of their goddamn precious Captain Kirk. If Jim wants to be an idiot and get himself hurt, fine! Whatever. He can go nuts. But he is going to have to face the consequences afterwards like an adult.” “Well maybe if you,” she pointed angrily at him “had been here to tell him that, he would understand. But no. You left.”McCoy scowled.“Dismissed, Chapel,” he growled. “Get back to work.”Christine leveled a glare at him before slamming the door behind her.Let her be mad. Let Jim be mad. Let the whole damn ship be mad at him. He didn’t care. He wasn’t allowing Jim back to work. His back was still a patchwork of healing skin. His vitals were still off. And, even though he would never admit it, the idiot had to be in an extraordinary amount of pain. If this was the thanks he was going to get for doing his fucking job, than Starfleet had another thing coming. He kicked out viciously as he passed his desk, hitting the hardened metal roughly.It hurt, but he was too angry to care.  + Jim didn’t talk to anyone the next couple days. He stayed in his quarters because it wasn’t like he had anywhere else to go. And because he had no one to tell him otherwise, he’d worked through a bottle of something Scotty had brewed up last month. He’d been keeping it tucked under his bed and had honestly forgotten about it until he’d gotten back to his quarters after being kicked off the bridge. He wasn’t drinking to get drunk. He was drinking because he had no reason not to. Which he knew was worse. And he must have successfully scared everyone enough because they let him be.Bones would get over it. He knew that. But the interim didn’t make him feel any better. They’d had worse fights. The kind of fights you could get in with the people closest to you. You had to care about someone deeply to able to come up with such horrible things to say to them. The incredibly deliberate accusations they’d thrown at one another in the past were meant to stick, and hurt worse over time. They’d been cruel to one another. The difference between those times and this one is that then, at least, they’d still been talking.Jim had given up trying to sleep. Instead, he was at his desk. Working. When he didn’t have to be. Being off duty following the incident, he was not required to sign off on any of the reports from the starbase. But Uhura must have sent them over without thinking. Like he’d said, everyone had been giving him a wide berth the last couple of days. And he was thankful. He couldn’t have helped the way his heart picked up when he’d seen the blinking light on his desk console, indicating he had a message waiting. It wasn’t Bones, but it was at least something he could focus on. And when he’d scanned through the files Uhura had sent, Jim noticed that Bones’ file was noticeably absent.Was that Bones’ doing? Or a deliberate move on Uhura’s part? Jim didn’t know.But Jim had still shot up off the couch he’d been napping on. The logs could at least fill Jim in on some of the details of what had happened after Jim’s memory switched off. So he’d poured another drink and started listening. He was finishing up Sulu’s now. The lieutenant had been the first one on the scene after Jim had fallen. Without Bones’ report, the log was Jim’s best bet.
“According to Dr. McCoy, he and Captain Kirk had been ambushed by one of the Klingons in the docking bay they’d been pinned down in...”
Jim remembered the docking bay. He remembered specifically the corner he’d left Bones in. It was easy cover, behind a large pallet the starbase used to transport in supplies. It was out of the way of bulk of the firefight, but easy enough to get to that the starbase and Enterprise crews could direct injured there. But that’s where Jim had been when he’d been stabbed. Jim frowned at the condensation on the side of his drink as it sat on the edge of the desk. Bones had ended up across the bay, out of his protective corner. There had been a good reason, Jim remembered. But the specifics were lost.
“Lieutenant Wildner was dead already. I don’t know the specifics, but I know he wasn’t part of the ambush...”
The rules. Bones had broken the rules. That’s what it was. They couldn’t get Wildner to Bones, so Bones had gone to him. Jim had been furious at him. But they hadn’t had a choice.
“Captain Kirk was down by the time I was able to reach them. He was bleeding out and...”
Jim gingerly leaned back in his desk chair. The nap on the couch hadn’t helped the ache that radiated from the back of his ribcage. It wrapped around his left shoulder and was forcing him to keep the arm as still has he could in his lap.
“According to Dr. McCoy, the Klingon had jumped from the pallet Wildner had taken cover behind. He’d been trying to take the doctor out, but Captain Kirk managed to push McCoy out of the way, getting injured in the process. When I got to them, I hailed the Enterprise and got us transferred off the base. The situation on the base had wrapped up at that point and I began assisting base personnel in cleanup...”
Sulu’s log went on, but Jim couldn’t hear it. Because he was already halfway out the door.  + McCoy had abandoned any pretenses of working.He was sitting in his office, a bottle of extremely nice whiskey at his elbow.And he was brooding.He was an excellent brooder by nature and tonight he was really outdoing himself. It was enjoying a particularly nice resentful brood when there was a quiet knock on his door. In the same moment, the door swung open slowly.Jim Kirk was standing in his doorway.“Go away, Jim,” McCoy didn’t hesitate to say.But Jim had never really seen fit to do what McCoy wanted. Instead, he walked in and pulled up the chair on the other side of the desk. + Jim stayed.Because that’s how this worked. This thing between them. They’d became friends at a time in this lives when no one else had wanted to stay. So out of sheer spite, neither of them were going to leave.  Jim sat down in the chair on the other side of Bones’ desk, trying very hard to hide the way it pulled on his back. The lights were on in the small room, but just barely. Jim had never really been one to brood. But, by the looks of the office, it looked like Bones had been up to a good ol’ fashioned one.Bones glared at him, but it was fading. After a pause, he pulled a glass from his drawer and slid it over to Jim. As Jim helped himself to Bones’ whiskey, Bones continued just to stare at him. He hated that particular stare. There wasn’t expectation to it, just a sort of hollow calculation so Jim didn’t know what he was supposed to do. Bones waited until Jim had put the top back on the bottle.“So I have this friend,” he said quietly. “Really smart kid. Decent at his job.”“Good looking?” Jim couldn’t help but ask.Bones shrugged.“Meh,” he said. “Anyways, like I said, he’s really good at his job. Because he’s an idiot.”“Or he’s a hero.”“Or he’s both,” Bones said, tipping his glass slightly in Jim’s direction. Jim would take what he could get. “But the damn kid can’t stop. He can’t let it go. He has to be the one to make these sacrifices. It always works out for him, so he doesn’t learn. And right as I’m starting to get really tired of watchin’ him try to throw his life away, he turns around and tries to do it for me.”Bones looked down at his glass.“That sounds pretty shitty,” Jim sighed.“Yeah.”And that’s all they say for a few minutes.Jim didn’t really know what to say. Bones was right. Who was Jim to try to condemn him for it? Bones was unapologetically right. It was amazing, truly, how Bones liked to use honesty like a weapon. Bones never lied. He’s basically unable to convey any message without being starkly sincere. It was one of his many charms. Bones’ heart was sewn into the sleeve of his uniform. He liked to throw facts and feelings and thoughts out bluntly, like some warped self-defense. That part Jim was still working on understanding. So if Jim knew Bones was right, why are earth was he suddenly finding himself gripping the glass like he wanted to hurl it across the room.“You must be a really good friend for him to want to do that,” Jim said finally, small and selfish.“That’s not the point, Jim,” Bones said, slamming his glass down on the desk. “That was never the point.”“Isn’t it?” Jim threw back at him. Just like that, they were back in familiar territory. “You’re pissed that someone gets to play martyr instead of you? A little suffering is good for the soul, but only if it’s yours?”Bones shook his head. “I have no idea what you mean.”“That’s bullshit and you know it,” Jim said. He ran a hand through his hair and took a deep breath, trying to calm down.“You’re a good person, Bones,” he said. “You will always be a good person, even if you can’t see it. So I don’t expect you to understand why I will always push you out of the way.”“And I don’t get a say in that?”Jim dropped back in his seat, giving Bones a sad smile across the desk.“No. I’m selfish like that.”Bones stared at him for a second before shaking his head.“Jim, you’re the least selfish person I know.”That wasn’t right. Jim was so keyed up for the fight to unravel, ready to have Bones expose a new fault line, that it felt like a slap in the face.“Bones,” he started. Then changed his mind and stopped, still trying to catch up by the dynamic shift. He tapped his hand against the side of his glass, trying to cover how completely unqualified he felt to handle the situation. Bones just let him, not saying anything.“The last two days,” Jim finally decided to say after a beat. “I’ve been trying to write five different letters to five different families expressing my condolences about the death of their family member. But I’m having a hard time because I honestly can’t see the reasoning behind five people being gunned down by Klingons. I can’t send Jason Wildner’s mother a bullshit letter about how his death meant something. He didn’t deserve to die. None of them did. But I still have to write those letters.”Jim swiped a hand across his face quickly. He looked across the table with wide eyes.“Bones, do you have any idea what it would be like for me to have to write a letter like that to Joanna? Or your mother?”“Jim-”“No,” Jim said. Not angry, just a fact. “You didn’t think about that, but I always think about that.”Jim took a long drink after that and ahh, that look was back on Bones’ face. Bones looked at him and Jim really hoped he wasn’t going to be disappointed in whatever he saw.“I fucked up,” Bones said quietly.Jim waited, knowing there was more to that statement. After a drink, Bones continued.“I was so angry at you that I wasn’t thinking. Hell, I’m still really angry at you.”Before Jim could comment, Bones was already pressing on.“Because,” he drawled. “You fucked up too. I get it. You did what you always do. But you have people who care about you too, Jim. You know, like me.”Jim’s breath caught. So he deflected.“You got it a shit way of showing it sometimes.”“Yeah.”
Say it. If there was ever a time to say it, it would be right now. It was never going to be a grand gesture. It was going to small, private moment they fought for and carved out of the chaos that was their lives. Say it. 
“Bones, I...”Bones looked up at him.“Thank you,” Jim said instead. “For saving my life again.”
Coward.
Bones sighed again and gave a very small smile.“You’re welcome, Jim,” he said. At that moment, he must have taken in the way Jim was holding himself in, the set to his shoulders, the hitch to his breathing, and then come to the wrong conclusions.“Are you in pain?”He was, and any other time, he would have lied. But the courage he’d been attempting to gather came in the form of adrenaline and right now, it was crashing. He just wanted things to get back to normal. So he gave a small nod.Bones reached into his desk and pulled out his kit, coming over to the empty chair next to Jim.“Let me look at ya, kid,” he sighed. He started running the tricorder over Jim, let his hand other came up to rest on the side of Jim’s face as he did.And Jim leaned into it and closed his eyes.



Not Funny



Jim was too quiet and it was making McCoy very, very nervous.
Jim didn’t do melancholy, but he was a fan of reflective masochism. But this wasn’t his usual “memories of a sad, tragic backstory” type of silence. This was the kind of silence that usually meant he was about to ruin McCoy’s day with a smile, so the longer McCoy went without acknowledging it the more studying he would get done.
“Bones.”
He kept his back to Jim, staying bent over the kitchen table and reading his PADD.
“Bones, hey.”
McCoy sighed, heavily and without self-respect.
“What, Jim?”
He turned around in his chair in order to look at Jim, who was spread out on the couch with a PADD on his chest.
“I’m bored.”
“Okay.” McCoy turned back around. Jim being bored was a thing he’d made peace with long ago. Jim being bored was, more often than not, a prelude to Jim being stupid. Or drunk.
“Tell me a joke.”
“Absolutely not. Get help.”
“Booooooooneeeesssss.”
“No, Jim.”

“Bones.”

He dropped the PADD onto the desk.
“What,” he started, rolling his eyes despite knowing Jim couldn’t see it. “Is the difference between a man in shorts riding a bicycle and a man in a tux riding a tricycle?”
McCoy waited.  
And waited.
And waited. Until, finally…
“I don’t know…”
“Attire.”
He picked the PADD back up and went back to reading. He highlighted a paragraph. Scratched his nose absently. Frowned at an odd-worded phrase in the book.
“Oh my God.”
He heard Jim push himself off the couch.
“Bones, no.”
McCoy turned around. “What?”
Jim was standing in the middle of the living room, arms crossed. He looked physically pained.
“That’s…no. That’s…the worst joke I’ve ever heard.”
McCoy threw up his arms. “Well excuse the fuck out of me, Jim! I didn’t have time to prepare anything better.”
Jim shook his head.
“No, no. I love it,” he said quietly. “Attire. A tire. Oh my God, I’m going to use it all the time now!”
He looked up with a stupidly excited smile.
“Bones. God bless you.”
McCoy stared blankly. Jim nodded.
McCoy turned back around slowly.
“Attire,” Jim whispered to himself, one more time.



Not a Hostage (Part one)



The conversation was actually going better than he had anticipated.“Jim.”“No.”
“Jim.”
“No. End of discussion, Bones.”“This shouldn’t even be a discussion! You’ve never stopped me from going on a mission before now.”“That’s because you’ve never actually wanted to go on one,” Jim laughed in that condescending way that McCoy absolutely hated. “You don’t go planetside unless I drag you down there myself, so excuse me for being a little confused by all this.”McCoy slammed his hand on the table, for effect more than anything. “Those pirates are violent and now you’ve got them cornered. You know damn well things are going to go to hell the second you go down.”“Exactly!” Jim yelled. “I’m not sending you on a suicide mission, Bones.”“But you’ll go?” McCoy bit back, standing up because he had finally had enough of Jim being above him. Jim was being incredibly Jim about the whole situation and McCoy was well and truly annoyed now. The last time they’d run into the pirates, Jim had lost way too much blood and McCoy had lost way too much of his day off fixing him up. But there wasn’t much he could do about that now. He sighed and changed tactics. “Jim, I know you won’t listen to me if I ask you not to go down there. So at least let me go so I can keep an eye on you. Don’t be an idiot.”Jim stared at him for a moment before shaking his head.“Your job is here, Bones. I can’t risk taking you.”“But it’s not a risk, dammit, it’s security! If I hadn’t been there last time, you’d be dead.”“That’s a little dramatic.”“Jim, I swear to God —"Jim’s face uncomfortably pinched and he held up a hand to stop McCoy from what he had been about to say next.“You’re dismissed, Dr. McCoy.”And there it was. Jim’s go-to move whenever he was on the losing-side of an argument with anyone on the crew. McCoy could count on one clumsy engineer’s hand the number of times he’d actually used it on him, though. It hit McCoy like a punch to the chest.“Aye, Aye, captain,” he saluted in the most sarcastic way he could manage.He didn’t look at Jim. He couldn’t. Instead, he kicked his chair away and headed out the door of the conference room, irrationally pissed that Starfleet’s automatic doors were incapable of being slammed. + The thing about the Enterprise was that, as a crew, they were good at pretty much everything. Every hobby, every skill, was essentially covered by someone on board. They had an Andorian poet working in Engineering, a yeoman who was a celebrated auctioneer, Spock who accomplished things occasionally (or whatever). They were good at everything, except for doing nothing, which they were absolutely shit at. Case in point:McCoy sat at the end of a biobed, glaring at the proverbial nothing while Christine sat at the opposite bed, tapping her foot lightly. Everything was ready, set out, and ordered for when they got the call. There was no if, because this was Jim they were talking about. McCoy would love it if Jim made sure he—and the rest of the landing party—returned completely unharmed, just to spite McCoy. He would sit through an entire month of Jim’s I-told-you-so grin if that would be the case.McCoy folded his arms.They should be back by now. Jim, Sulu, and the security team. They only had a dozen of the pirates to pick up. Unless, of course, their intel was wrong and there were more than a dozen on planet. Because that would absolutely a thing that would happen to them again. McCoy liked to think that Sulu would keep Jim in line, to keep him from continuing the mission if they were outnumbered, but he also knew that Sulu was a great soldier when it came down to it. So, if Jim really pushed it, Sulu would probably listen to him. Which was admirable and also fucked up and McCoy was very torn on his feelings about Sulu.And his feelings about Jim. He was still incredibly angry at him. Their fight would continue on for at least a couple days, eventually dissolving into passive aggressive PADD messages to one another. Then McCoy would give in because he always did because Jim was so inspiringly well-versed in passive aggression that he never could stand it.“Unbelievable.”He looked up to see Christine staring at him. He looked around the empty room, trying to see what he’d missed.“What?”“You,” she laughed. “And Jim. The two of you are just so utterly unbelievable.”McCoy rolled his eyes. “What is that supposed to mean?”“It means that I’m physically pained watching the two of you try to express emotions to each other.”She stood up, walking towards him. Her tone got sharper. “All you had to say was ‘Jim, I’m worried about you.’”McCoy looked around the room. The rest of the staff wasn’t listening or at least pretending not to. More likely the latter. Anyone in the medical profession was very good at skirting around awkward moments. You had to be when you were surrounded by so many deathbed confessions.“It’s not that easy,” he said deeply.“Yes it is!” Christine threw up her arms. “It really, really is.”McCoy shook his head, going back to staring at the door. Ignoring Christine as she came closer, coming to stop at the edge of the bed he was on.“I can’t do this anymore.”That got McCoy’s attention. “Do what?”But Christine just sighed. “Nothing. Forget it.”She walked away.“Christine, wait—”The comm on the wall cut him off.“Spock to Dr. McCoy.”He nearly tripped over himself to get to the wall fast enough.“How bad?” was all he said. Spock paused for only half a second before catching up.“Lieutenant Sulu is injured, we do not know to what extent. The Captain did not go into detail. And one of the criminals is being brought into you as well.” “Jim’s okay?”“He is unharmed.”“Alright,” McCoy sighed. “ETA?”“Five minutes.”“We’ll be ready. McCoy out.”He dropped his hand from the button. Christine, Holbach, and Sabine were already at attention, waiting.“Prep beds 6 and 8,” he told them. “Get regen set up and a couple lines started. Sabine, get me Sulu’s medical history.”He didn’t wait for acknowledgement, just rolled up his sleeves as he took off towards the entrance.Jim was okay. He’s okay. No matter what he’d said to Christine, of course he’d been worried about Jim. But she didn’t have to make it sound so pathetic. McCoy objectively knew that he sometimes worried irrationally, but this was Jim. He’d be insane not to worry about him. Jim needed to be worried about but Jim worrying about him was unheard of, mainly because McCoy always tried his best to never give anyone any reason to worry about him. Worry was just the incestuous cousin of pity and McCoy would rather, you know, drunkenly join Starfleet and volunteer to travel a million and a half miles away from Earth than deal with people and their pity.He was looking over the PADD of Sulu’s history when the man himself fell through the door. Literally. Hendorff was there to catch him before he could hit the floor, heaving him upright by the shoulder.“Dr. McCoy,” Hendorff greeted. They had to stop meeting like this.“Let’s put him here,” McCoy said, gesturing at the nearest bed before rushing over and putting Sulu’s other arm around his neck. They walked slowly. “What’ve we got?”“Leg wound. Probably a knife, judging from the blood. We couldn’t really see much around it.”“Lieutenant?” McCoy asked gently, taking the tricorder from his pocket. “Are you with me?”Sulu jerked his leg away as soon as McCoy put a hand on his knee, which was good enough for a yes. There was blood—a lot of it. But owing to the fact that Sulu was alive, the knife couldn’t have hit anything too major. Pulling apart the jagged pieces of fabric, McCoy could see a perfectly sloped cut that was filthy in a way that almost certainly meant infection.Sulu tried to pull his leg away again.“Hey, stop it,” McCoy said quietly, stepping back. He allowed Christine to step between him and the bed with the right hypos.“Get him started on an antibiotic line, set the timer.”“Timer?” Sulu spit out, keeping his eyes closed.“Yeah,” McCoy sighed. “We can’t start regen on your leg ‘til we make sure we’re not sealing in an infection with it. Takes about 20 minutes for it to show up on the sensors but we’re going to stop the bleeding and numb it, so you should feel too much pain. Sound alright?”Sulu took a shaky breath a nodded.“Alright then, Christine’s going to get that started for you and I’ll be right back,” McCoy turned away, back towards Hendorff.“Where’s the other one? The pirate?”Hendorff looked towards the door.“They were bringing him in behind us. He’s unconscious and weighs 300 pounds so it took a minute.”“How bad was he?”“No idea,” Hendorff shrugged. “He wasn’t dead, from what we could tell. There was too much blood to see much.”“I take it they fought dirty?”Hendorff shook his head as the security team slid through the door. “You’ve no idea, doc.”McCoy pushed his sleeves up higher. The man being dragged along by a couple of red shirts was, without exaggeration, the biggest man McCoy had ever seen. Maybe the fact that he was covered in blood added to the shock factor of his appearance, but still.“Put him on the bed,” McCoy called, sterilizing his hands. He wasn’t fucking around with whatever Dark Age diseases pirates carried with them.They dropped him on the bed and McCoy ignored the way the earth seemed to shudder. “We’ll send another security team around,” Hendorff said, patting McCoy on the shoulder as he passed. “Captain needs us in the brig.”“Go,” McCoy said calmly, pulling the tricorder out again. “We’ll handle it.”Hendorff rounded up his men and left McCoy staring cautiously at his new patient. He wasn’t thinking about the fact that this very well may have been the man who stabbed Sulu or the one who stabbed Jim last time they met. He was, however, thinking about how large his hands were in comparison to McCoy’s head.“Let’s see what we’ve got,” he said finally. He took a step closer with a self-preparatory nod. The tricorder buzzed as it scanned, while McCoy tried to figure out the source of the blood. The guy had an obscenely large beard, though that wasn’t really important. It was just the thing McCoy focused in on immediately, for some reason. Sabine stood behind him, waiting for her orders.“Update, Chapel,” he called over his shoulder.“Sulu’s out,” Christine appeared on the other side of the bed. “We’ve got another ten minutes before he’s clear for regen. What’s the diagnosis here?”The tricorder beeped.“Uh,” McCoy hesitated. “Nothing.”Christine looked up.“What?”“His stats are completely normal,” McCoy said, tossing the tricorder aside and leaning over the figure in the bed. “The machine must be out of sync again. Sabine, call security.”“Sir?”“Just to be safe,” McCoy said, tilting the pirate’s head slightly. The nurses nodded and headed across the room and McCoy moved to grab one of the bloody wrists nearest to him. But a hand grabbed his first and before he could even indignantly yell (or process it at all, really) he was being yanked forward by the man in the bed. The pirate threw a very calculated punch that caught McCoy along the jaw and dropped him to the ground.The man rolled off the bed in a quick move and bent down to where McCoy had fallen.“Hello,” he said quietly. “Are you in charge here?”McCoy rubbed at his jaw but said nothing. The pirate smiled and grabbed McCoy by the collar of his uniform, lifting him up off the ground and inches from the pirate’s face. “Are you the one in charge here?”McCoy glared at him a moment before nodding, worried that if he didn’t answer the man might move on to one of the nurses.“Alright then,” the pirate said, standing and dragging McCoy up with him. “You’re coming with me.”McCoy met Christine’s eyes as soon as he was upright. She nodded without even needing him to say anything. As the pirate pushed McCoy towards the door, he turned his back on Christine. The second he did, she was running towards the access panel on the wall. Only because he recognized the noise could he hear her as she typed the code into the keypad. McCoy held his breath as they got closer to the door, the pirate holding tightly to the back of McCoy’s neck. In less than a second, the alarm started; the air went out, the lights flashed red, and the doors shut with a mechanic finality.Medbay was officially in lockdown.McCoy sighed in relief. Though, he didn’t know why. If anything, he’d just made the situation worse. The needs of the many, he thought darkly. He tensed as the pirate stopped right in front of the hermetically sealed, double-steel enforced doors. He didn’t react right away. No, instead he stared at the door calmly, with a small sigh. Like he was annoyed.“Well fuck,” the pirate said quietly. “You shouldn’t have done that.”“I know,” McCoy swallowed roughly. The pirate paused again.“Alright,” he said, finally. “Alright.”He gripped the back of McCoy’s neck tighter and slammed his face into the door.McCoy hadn’t seen that, nor the ground, coming. +  Sometimes, they got to have good days.The stars of several galaxies would align, and the crew of the Enterprise would get through a day without red alerts, without a mission gone wrong, without Jim having to send a single letter saying I’m sorry for your loss back to Earth. It was nice to know, especially when they sometimes were stuck in a string of bad days, that they still had good ones out there.Jim rested his back against the hall, folding his arms as he watched a long line of criminals, crooks, and outlaws file into the brig. 26 in total were headed back for a trial on Earth and wasn’t even noon. Hell of a way to start a day. And yes, Bones was probably still a little pissed at him but come on. This was badass. Bones’ couldn’t stay mad for long, especially if Jim showed up at his door tonight with good bourbon and a hell of a story. Jim clapped Spock on the shoulder as his first office came up next to him.“We did good, Spock,” he said, trying not to let his smile show. It would ruin the moment. Spock looked right back at him.“Yes,” he said. “Yes we did.”See, even Spock was impressed. They watched security escort the last of the procession into the brig before heading back towards the bridge.“Let’s call the admiralty, shall we? Tell them the good news,” Jim said excitedly. They passed through the door of security, just as Hendorf was coming through.“Sir,” Hendorf greeted, standing at attention.“Hendorf,” Jim replied, with a tip of his chin. “How’s your pirate?”“Bloody and unconscious,” Hendorff shrugged. “Doc’s looking at him now.”“Alright,” Jim said. “Get a couple of your men down there to keep an eye on him when he wakes up.”“Aye, sir.”Jim and Spock left him to it as they continued down the hall, both taking time to greet any crew member they passed because that’s what you did on good days.“After we talk to Pike, I’ll go check on Sulu,” Jim told Spock. The one black mark on their day. “Did you see him after we beamed back?”“No,” Spock said. “But Mr. Scott did. He told me he was conscious, at least.”“Hmm,” Jim said, as they rounded another corner. “That’s good.”“Lieutenant Garcia told me that Mr. Sulu saved her life.”“He did,” Jim, finally smiling. “It was incredible. So she was—”The ship cut him off. The nearest access panel flashed red, once, before a deep alarm sounded around them. Jim looked from the ceiling to Spock.“Lockdown?” he said quietly, though he knew the answer already. Spock nodded before running over the panel on the right. He pushed sharply at the screen.“Which department?” Jim asked, joining him.“Medical.”Jim’s stomach dropped.“Biohazard or security threat?”“General system lockdown,” Spock said with a frown, continuing to run through controls. “There is no way of being sure unless we access the cameras.”“Get up to the bridge, call Starfleet,” Jim told him, already turning back. “I’m going to security to manage things from there. Have Uhura try the comm system, see if Dr. McCoy will answer.”Jim didn’t wait for Spock’s answer. He was already running.Dr. McCoy. Not Bones.That was an important distinction in his mind. He had to say it out loud.Dr. McCoy. Not Bones.The level of at-removed recognition was the only thing keeping him from spectacularly freaking out. Dr. McCoy was a trained professional, the best damn doctor in the quadrant with enough degrees and commendations to be recognized as such. He was trained to handle emergency situations.Dr. McCoy was different from Bones. Bones was...Bones was Bones, and all that entailed. Dr. McCoy could be in an emergency situation. Bones could not. Jim had worked so hard to keep Bones out of emergencies, and not just because Bones asked him to. He did it because he was selfish. And that scared him.Jim shook his head. Dr. McCoy. Not Bones.“What’ve we got?” he called, sliding through the door of security. Hendorf and the other security officers looked up from their panels.“It’s the pirate, sir,” Hendorff supplied, turning back to the screen. “We think he was playing possum. As soon as I left, he was up. Cameras show a small fight before Chapel got the place in lockdown. We can see ‘em but we can’t hear anything and Uhura said they’re not answering.”“Show me,” Jim said.A lieutenant stepped back, allowing Jim to step up next to Hendorf to see the layout of the screens in front of them.“Dr. McCoy’s down,” Hendorf said quietly. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no. “Took a hard hit after the alarm activated.”Jim nodded tightly. “What about Sulu?”“Sulu’s stuck in the bed with that knife wound, pirate’s got him tied up. He tried to help Chapel when the pirate hit her.”“She’s okay?”“She seems to be fine. She was trying to get to Sulu’s phaser but it wasn’t on him.”“So he’s not armed,” Jim said, as evenly as he could.“Yes,” Hendorff said. “For now.”The screen had three different views of Medbay on the three different screens in front of him. The first showed Bones’ empty office, the second the labs, and the third was the overheard view. Sulu was on a bed, looking pissed off. He had one wrist strapped down, keeping him from moving too much. Besides that, his leg would have been probably been enough to keep him down. Jim could see Christine and three other nurses seated on the floor, against the wall. Dr. McCoy was next to them, his head in Christine’s lap.He wasn’t moving and Jim wasn’t breathing.“Can we cancel the lockdown protocols from here?”Hendorff shook his head.“We don’t have the code,” he said. “The system won’t let us do it without it, in case of a biohazard.”“Who has the codes?”“Dr. McCoy, Chapel, and the other senior staff.”“Call one of them, get someone down here,” Jim told a passing ensign. “Is the room sealed completely? Any access panels to the Jefferies tube?”“None. Even the air supply cuts out. They’ve got about 36 hours, so it is nothing to worry about. Yet.”“Okay, okay,” Jim said, rubbing his hands together. “Okay. He’s going to want to get off the ship. Obviously.”“Obviously,” Hendorff agreed. “He might even want to get his friends out.”“No, he wouldn’t risk it. Not with the alarm being raised,” Jim said. “He’ll just want out.”“So he’s going to threaten them to give him the codes. Or to get us to give him the code. He’ll go for the nurses.”Jim hit his hand against the console edge, giving a very dark laugh. “No, he won’t.”Hendorff looked at him. “Why?”Jim looked glared at the screen.“Because Dr. McCoy would never let him.” + “Leonard.”He didn’t really want to wake up, but Christine seemed adamant.At least, he assumed it was Christine. Whoever was talking to him was wearing the same lilac perfume as Christine wears and had the same voice. So, QED.“Leonard, can you hear me?”McCoy swallowed roughly.“Yeah...” he groaned, shifting uncomfortable. “I can hear ya.”“Thank God. Don’t move too much, your nose is broken.”McCoy opened his eyes.“I figured,” he groaned. “Fuck.”It hurt like it was broken. No, it hurt like it was shattered. He could feel it dripping blood down his chin and he blinked up at Christine. The side of her face was a deep red and her eyes were watering. He slid off her lap in an instant.“Are you okay?” he asked, reaching up and tilting her head to the side to look at her face.“I’m fine,” she said quietly, lowering his hand. “Bastard took me by surprise.”She’d bruise but she’d be okay, McCoy assessed. He nodded, before looking around at the others. Sabine, Holbach, and Revek were next to Christine. They looked shaken, but okay. He looked up at the bed.“Sulu, how’s the leg?”“Been better,” the lieutenant said. McCoy nodded and reached a hand up to take Sulu’s pulse.“Your heart rate is too fast.”Sulu gave him a look. “Are you fucking kidding me?”McCoy shrugged.“Shouldn’t security be here by now?” Holbach asked, not taking her eyes off the pirate’s back as he paced near the door. McCoy wiped as much of the blood from his face as he could.“Probably having a hard time overriding the lockdown code,” he hissed.“So we just sit here and wait?”“We can’t risk fighting him,” Sulu whispered. “I can’t move and Dr. McCoy is seeing triple right now.”“First of all, it’s only double. Second of all, no shit we can’t attack him. The guy weighs 300 pounds and plays by prison rules.”“Pirate rules,” Sulu corrected.“Exactly. Waiting has the lowest chance of ending with our bloody and senseless deaths.”Christine and Holbach obviously didn’t like it, but it wasn’t like they had many options. As they had already established, McCoy was absolutely useless in a fight. Even though he couldn’t wait to tell Jim he’d actually managed to get the drop on the pirate. Jim would be proud of him and that gave him a hollow sense of happiness, somewhere deep down underneath of the broken nose and bruised brain. He also knew, objectively, that he could make Jim even happier if he managed to get out of this alive. He could already picture it now. The pirate would be taken down to the brig and Jim would be there, helping pull McCoy to his feet. And he’d be smiling.He had to stay alive for that smile.McCoy let that thought stay with him for a minute, as they all settled in to wait. Like he said, they were never good at waiting. And being a hostage was all about waiting, right? He’d never actually been a hostage before. He knew that most times for Jim (and yes, Jim was held hostage enough for there to be a “most times”) the boredom was the worst part of it all. Boredom was Jim’s worst enemy. And McCoy wasn’t a fan of boredom himself. But, what Jim couldn’t see, was that there was a difference between boring and safe. Right now, sitting here in the silence, wasn’t boring. It was as safe as he could get in his current predicament.Christine sighed. McCoy turned his head slowly until he could squint at her. She gave him a small smile before she turned to Sabine sitting next to her. The ensign looked back at her, her eyes wide.“Romulan disruptor or a Klingon Bat’leth?”Sabine’s eyes closed for a second. Half a second, really. Then McCoy watched a little of the tension fall from the corners of her mouth.“Disruptor,” she said quietly, nodding firmly afterwards as if she was convincing herself.There was most silence before Revek leaned forward. “Bat’leth. Disruptors are easily in my top 5.”“Top 5?” Christine snorted. “Dina, you haven’t been out here long enough then.”McCoy smirked, as best he could. “I have, and I’d say disruptors are in my top 10.”He leaned back against the wall when his head started to spin. He caught Sulu’s eye who was looking down at them from the bed, more panicked than he had throughout the preceding 20 minutes. McCoy took pity on him.“Worse way to die,” he said. “It’s a game we play on slow days. This week, the staff’s been stuck on disruptors or Bat’leths.”“It’s a tough one,” Christine added. “I say Bat’leths. No contest.”“I say Bat’leths with some contest,” McCoy said. “It depends on the Klingon. You get a competent Klingon and you’re dead before you even know it. Clean cut, right down the aorta.”He swiped through the air down the length of an imaginary crewmen.“Easy way to go. Now, you get an incompetent Klingon, it’s gonna be messy. They’ll nick your iliac or your subclavian. It’ll take a long time for you to die and it’s going to hurt like a son of a bitch the entire time.”He could see Christine weighing it over in her mind. She tilted her head. Sabine frowned.“I still say disruptor,” Revek said simply.“Me too,” Sabine agreed. Christine shook her head.“We’d be lucky to be taken out by a disruptor,” she said.They all turned to Sulu.“This is why no one hangs out with you guys,” he said, but he was smiling just a little. McCoy could see the sweat pooling on his lips, soaking through his clothes and making the hands tied to the railing slick. Slowly, McCoy pulled himself up, using the edge of Sulu’s biobed for support. His vision was evening out, so at least there was that. Christine’s smile dropped.“What are you doing?” she hissed, looking back to the door.McCoy ignored her. Instead, he reached out a hand towards Hogarth. She hadn’t participated in the game and wasn’t really paying attention. She looked up at him with wide eyes as he got close.“I need that,” he said, pointing at the hypospray she had clutched in her hands. She looked down, seemingly surprised to see it.“Oh,” she said, handing it to him.McCoy injected it in the side of Sulu’s neck. He reached down and took Sulu’s pulse again.“Good,” he said, dropping the wrist. He walked over to the other side of the bed, towards the regen unit Christine had set out earlier.“Hey!”The pirate was walking back towards them. McCoy went back to typing on the interface of the unit.“What do you think you are doing?”“Saving this man’s leg,” McCoy said. He looked up just as the pirate got to his side of the bed. He kept his face as even as he could as he looked up into the pirate’s eyes. The man glared back, ripping the controls right out of McCoy’s hands.“He needs—” McCoy started.The pirate kicked the machine, sending it to the floor with crash. McCoy winced.“No one gets help until I’m out of here.”McCoy looked up from the broken pieces of the regenerated with a glare. Sulu needed his leg stitched up 10 minutes ago.“The doors are locked,” McCoy said. “You aren’t getting out of here.”“Your captain will unlock it to get to me.”“He can’t, he doesn’t have the clearance,” McCoy snapped.The pirate looked up with a bloody smile. Behind his back, McCoy saw Christine’s eyes widen.“But you do, right?”Fuck.McCoy swallowed. He’d given the pirate the exact answer he wanted to hear. And maybe he’d meant to, to get the pirate to focus on him and not Christine or Holbach or Revek or Sabine. They were his staff and he was going to keep them safe. He mentally rolled his eyes. Maybe Christine was right. That was such a Jim thing to say.“Yes,” McCoy said. “But I won’t give them to you.”The pirate expected this, seemed to already have formulated a plan around McCoy’s unwillingness.“I see,” the pirate nodded. He stopped in front of the large cabinet they kept supplies in, looked McCoy dead in the eye, and punched the glass. He bent down, picked up one of the larger shards, and turned to McCoy.“Open the door.”McCoy couldn’t meet Christine’s eyes, knowing good and well it would shake his confidence. And he needed to be confident, to be absolutely sure of himself in this moment. He looked the pirate in the eye and said nothing.The pirate sighed.McCoy had no warning before the man was on him, pushing him back against the wall. His head slammed into the metal, making him wince as his vision went black for a half a second. He blinked and the man was at his throat, holding him against the wall with one hand while the other held the glass.He couldn’t breathe.The pirate’s grip was too tight and McCoy panicked, trying to claw at his arm.“Open the door,” the pirate repeated, his mouth right next to McCoy’s ear. “Or I slit your throat.”McCoy couldn’t breathe. Let alone tell the guy to go to hell. He tried to convey it in a glare. The man growled and squeezed harder.“Stop! I have to codes. I can open the door.”McCoy was instantly released, and he fell to the floor, gasping and coughing as he tried to breathe. Christine, he thought dazedly. That was Christine’s voice. He gasped a few more times before finally pulling himself up again, using the wall as support. The pirate was already over to Christine, holding the glass towards her. The edges were cutting into his hand, making it slick with his blood. Christine was glaring at him, her fists at her sides. The bruise was already forming on her face.“Leave her alone,” McCoy managed to spit out, still braced on the wall. The pirate ignored him. He was yelling at Christine now, pushing closer to her. And Christine was yelling back, pointing at the doors. McCoy couldn’t make out a single word they were saying. He pushed off the wall. And he was running. Running towards the two as the pirate took another step towards Christine, raising the glass. Then McCoy was throwing himself at the man’s back, using whatever strength he had left.It worked.The two of them hit the ground, hard. It was a brawl. That, McCoy could do. Or at the very least he could waste time until Jim and the fucking cavalry showed up. He rolled off the pirate’s back, reaching for the glass that had slid from his hand. But the pirate recovered faster from the fall than McCoy had. He grabbed at McCoy’s wrist, pulling him away from the glass and back towards him. The punch he threw hit the other side of McCoy’s jaw and before McCoy could react, the pirate was already picking up the glass.He stood up with a growl, turning back to McCoy.“Get up,” he said, kicking McCoy in the ribs. McCoy wiped the blood from his face, but stayed seated on the ground.“Get. Up.”He kicked harder, but McCoy just glared. He had no intention of making his death an easy one, if that’s what was going to happen. The pirate sighed before losing patience. He reached down and grabbed McCoy roughly by the neck. McCoy locked eyes with Christine as he was pulled to his feet. Her mouth was set in a grim line and she moved to place herself in front of the other nurses. The pirate pulled McCoy close by the hand around his throat. It made it hard to breathe again and hard to focus on anything other than that and the glass pressed against his side with the pirate’s other hand.“The captain won’t negotiate,” Christine said.“We’ll see.”McCoy swallowed hard. Jim won’t negotiate. He can’t. He couldn’t. He wouldn’t, no matter how desperately McCoy wished he would. McCoy was fucked, he knew that. The pirate was never going to make it off this ship and he would probably take it out on McCoy. McCoy really didn’t like that option, partly because that was a stupid, pointless way for him to die. But mainly because he knew Jim would was never going to forgive himself if he let McCoy die.There were footsteps outside the doors, a lot of them. That would be Jim and the security team. Thank God. One way or another, McCoy figured, those footsteps meant things would be over soon. Either the security team would somehow manage to save his ass or he’d bleed to death in minutes when the pirate finally lost patience and pressed harder with the glass.
That’s a little dark, Bones.
That was Jim’s voice in his head. God his head was swimming. He really didn’t want to hear Jim’s voice in his head, he wanted to hear it out loud. He wanted Jim to kick open those doors and save the day. He wanted Jim to make him forget about his concussion and his broken nose. Jim would make the pirate stop choking him and he’d try to make McCoy laugh while doing it. Because that was Jim.With that thought, the alarm went silent.The red lights stopped.The air kicked back on.The pirate squeezed tighter on McCoy’s neck, cutting off air completely for a few seconds. He walked to the center of the room, dragging McCoy along with him.“Showtime,” the guy whispered.Jim, Hendorff, and six other red shirts ran through the doors, filling out the room quickly and efficiently. McCoy tried to avoid looking at Jim. He really, really didn’t want to look at Jim. Looking at Jim was one of his favorite things to do but not right now. He’d lose whatever level of acceptance he had about dying if he looked at Jim.McCoy took a shaky, choked breath.“Dr. McCoy, are you alright?” he heard Jim ask. Before McCoy could even begin to nod, the pirate squeezed tight on his throat. McCoy’s air was cut off completely.“He’s fine,” the pirate snapped. McCoy fought weakly against the pirate’s forearm.“Let him go and you’ll make it out of this alive,” Jim said sharply.For several seconds, no one moved. Jim and the pirate stared at each other, testing their respective resolves. McCoy squeezed his eyes shut.“Let. Him. Go.”Suddenly, the pressure on McCoy’s throat was released and he sagged instantly, coughing dryly as he breathed in as much as he could. But the pirate still kept the glass shoved tight against his neck.“Let me go or I’ll kill him. You have my word.”Another tense pause. McCoy wasn’t seeing double anymore. He wasn’t actually seeing much of anything anymore, but he knew this must have looked bad. They couldn’t play this game forever. McCoy took another breath before doing, arguably, the stupidest thing he could have done.He threw his elbow up, hitting the pirate straight in the eye. When the pirate loosened his grip on McCoy, he took off, trying to duck out of the way quick enough for Jim to get a shot off. But it didn’t quite work that way. The pirate reacted with an easy punch of his own, catching McCoy’s broken nose again. The effect was blinding. Everything cut out instantly, replaced by a sharp ringing in his ears. Distantly, he was aware of the pirate’s hand back on his throat.The pirate was yelling now, as was Jim and the security officers, but McCoy was numb to it all. He couldn’t breathe. His face was throbbing and he wanted nothing more than for Jim to save the day. He blinked roughly, his vision sliding back into place. He saw Christine suddenly, out the corner of his eye. The pirate was yelling at Jim, but McCoy couldn’t hear him. He focused on Christine as she took even, calm steps towards McCoy and the pirate, hypo in hand.As the pirate turned to look at her, it was too late. She’d already stabbed him in the neck. The grip on McCoy’s neck immediately slid away. McCoy was seeing everything in slow motion now. He stumbled from the pirate, towards Christine, as the pirate wavered for half a second before thundering to the ground. And then Christine was standing in front of him, steadying him with a hand on his shoulder and staring at the security team in the doorway. She threw the empty hypo spray to the floor.“Where the fuck have you guys been?” she asked.Jim lowered his phaser but didn’t answer. He was walking across the room with quick, deliberate steps and looking at McCoy with a tight frown. McCoy was looking back, stumbling out of Christine’s hold and matching Jim’s pace until they met in the middle of the room. Jim’s hands were at McCoy’s face, looking him up and down.“Bones—"And McCoy was kissing him.His brain was tunneling, narrowing and narrowing until all he could think about was Jim; his lips, his hands, his body pressed against his. In the next second, it was over. McCoy was back in his body. But he still couldn’t breathe. He looked at Jim one last time, saw the panicked look on his face as McCoy’s legs gave out.
“Bones.”
 +  Someone was calling his name. But quietly, so it was actually more comforting than anything. In between his name, there were other words, but he liked the sound of his name best.“Bones. Come on.”They just made it sound nice. He couldn’t explain it.“Bones.”It made him fully content to just stay exactly where he was. Something softly tapped against his cheek and that’s when the illusion shattered.He snapped his eyes open, looking around wildly to figure out where the hell he was.“Bones.”“Jim?” he whispered, his voice catching.“Yeah, it’s me. Try not to talk, okay?”He could actually see Jim now, looking down at him with a small frown. McCoy breathed in as deep as he could, ending in an embarrassing wheeze. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried not to pass out.“Hey,” Jim pressed a thumb to the corner of McCoy’s mouth, wiping away the blood that was there. It tightened McCoy’s throat even more. “You’re okay.”McCoy tried to move his head, to see around Jim, but he couldn’t quite manage it.“Christine’s with Sulu, getting his leg taken care of. Everyone is alright. Don’t worry.”McCoy looked back up at Jim, just as Jim looked back down. Even though he didn’t really quite get it at that moment, McCoy knew this was an important moment. A moment he’d have to process later, when he wasn’t bleeding on Jim’s lap.“Bones,” Jim said finally, but it wasn’t right. Like before. It sounded like he wanted to say something else. He must have changed his mind because he shook his head shortly before looking back at McCoy.“You’re okay,” he repeated. “You’re okay.”McCoy closed his eyes.



Not in Love with Jim (Part two)



He opened his eyes.Jim was gone, but Christine was there, bending over him from the side of the bed he was on.“Leonard,” she sighed, both relieved and annoyed. “You’re awake. How do you feel?”Like hell?Like hell frozen over?Like hell thawed and reheated?“Actually, that was a stupid question. You probably feel like shit,” Christine said, pulling out a tricorder from her pocket.McCoy nodded weakly. He stared at her as she scanned him, her hair falling into her eyes as she concentrated on the readings, acting like she wasn’t the coolest fucking person in the room right now.“The tricorder tells me exactly what you’d expect,” she said, tucking it back in her pocket and frowning down at him. “Concussion, broken nose. A hell of a lot of bruising. Try not to talk too much for a couple days. Your vocal cords are shredded. And you are absolutely not coming in to work for the rest of the week.”McCoy twisted his head so he could glare up at her. She shrugged.“If it makes you feel any better, I can’t come back until Friday.”McCoy closed his eyes with a very tight sigh. This was already annoying.“I fixed your nose.”McCoy reached up, gingerly touching his face. Indeed, everything seemed to be back where it should be.“Can’t do anything about the black eye though,” she said, tilting his face to examine it with a frown. “Or your throat.”But McCoy was looking past her now, to the other bed. Sulu was sleeping, his leg propped up. McCoy was on his feet in an instant.“Easy, easy,” Christine said, grabbing his bicep. McCoy turned to her and opened his mouth, before thinking better of it. Instead, he mimed writing frantically.“Oh.”Luckily, she understood. She handed him a PADD that’d been sitting on a tray nearby, along with a stylus, and McCoy quickly wrote out the message.
He okay?
“He’s fine, Leonard,” Christine said patiently. “We’re all fine.”McCoy sighed, looking over Sulu one last time before sitting back down on the bed. He wrote out another message.
Where’s Jim?
“On the Bridge,” Christine said. “He had to call Starfleet and update them on the situation. He said he’d be back as soon as he could, though.”She said the last part quickly, putting her hand on his shoulder.McCoy nodded, scratching his nose. He suddenly felt very awkward. Christine was staring at him with a frown. Like she wanted to say something. He really, really hoped she didn’t.Yet.“Leonard,” she sighed, sitting down on the bed next to him. McCoy shook out from under her hand.
Can I go now?
Her frowned deepened, but he just pointed at the message again.
Can I go now?
Christine gave one last look and just nodded. She handed him a hypospray from her pocket. “You’re going to hurt like hell here in a couple hours. Get some rest.”McCoy scratched his nose and nodded, standing up. Before leaving, however, he paused. He wrapped his arms around Christine’s shoulders, pulling her close and hugging her as tight as he could. Thank you, he wanted to say. That was so unbelievably badass. But he’d tell her later. He stepped back, looking in her eyes as he gave a small smile. She smiled back.And he left her.He nodded to Holbach in the corner, talking with a couple of red shirts from security. Giving her statement. He’d have to do that too at some point. When he could actually talk. She smiled at him, giving a firm nod. He passed Sulu, who was drooling on the bed, no doubt high off his ass from pain medication. He passed a few more people from the security team, hoping they would just ignore him. But they didn’t. Some smiled, some waved, and some even gave him a quiet “hey, doc” as he walked by. He tipped his head to them. As the doors to Medbay snapped shut behind, he stopped. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. You’re okay. He was okay. They were all okay. No thanks to him, but he wasn’t bothered by that. He was more than happy to be rescued, any time, anywhere. Christine was the hero Medbay deserved. He was just glad that it was his face that the pirate had used as a punching bag, not hers or anyone else’s.He was only a few steps away from the door when it opened again. Christine was running through. She stopped in front of him.“He loves you,” she said. “He has for a long time. And I know you do too.”She got closer.“I’ve never met two people who are more in love than you two idiots. We’ve been on this ship for two years and watching you and Jim sit together in the cafeteria and hold each other’s hands in Medbay when you think the other can’t see and do your little Tuesday date night thing was fun at first but I’m done. I’m done. You have no idea how incredibly dumb you both are and I want to hit the two of you with a book.”McCoy couldn’t say anything even if he wanted to. Instead, he sighed and picked up the PADD.“No!” Christine shouted, getting truly into his personal space now. “Don’t tell me. Tell Jim.”She shook her head as she turned walked back into Medbay.Leaving McCoy standing there, staring at the closed doors while everything he thought he knew about the world imploded violently. +  Jim watched the screen shut off, the council’s face fading from view.“Jesus.”He fell into his chair.“That could have gone better,” he said, more to himself than anything.“Also could’ve been worse,” Uhura countered, taping at the control panel in front of her. Jim tipped his head, giving her that one. It definitely could have gone worse. Jim knew that. He knew he absolutely deserved the bridge-wide dressing down that had just been given him. He’d almost gotten half his medical staff killed in the span of 25 minutes.He cleared his throat.“Spock, you got the con,” he said calmly, standing up from the chair. He straightened the bottom hem of his uniform.Spock looked confused, but still nodded. “Aye, Captain.”Jim clapped him on the shoulder with a smile, before passing on his way to the turbolift.As soon as the doors closed, he was bending down with his hands on his knees. Breathing in, out. In, out. In, out.It’d been awhile since he’d been overwhelmed by his own stupidity. It used to happen a lot when he was younger. Not this bad, though. Today he’d reached new levels. Maximum idiocy.How could he have kissed Bones? What the hell was he thinking? There were witnesses. A whole room full of them. Part of his brain justified it by reminding him he hadn’t exactly been aware he was doing it. The pirate had gone down and Jim’s mind had tunneled. He only saw Bones, standing in the middle of the room. He’d seen the blood, the bruises, the unsteady way he’d swayed, and then he blinked and they were kissing. He didn’t remember getting across the room.He rapped his knuckles against his forehead. Stupid, stupid, stupid.  He’d been so careful until now.Jim had been in love with Bones for exactly 5.6 years. He knew this because he remembered the exact moment it had happened. How many people could say that? Their second semester at the academy, Bones had taught a first aid class to cadets. Jim had been there day one, sitting right in the front row. He was supporting his friend; his only friend, at that point. And okay, maybe a little part of him was excited at the potential train wreck this was going to be. Bones had never been patient with Jim. How was he supposed to be with a class of 126 cadets some of whom couldn’t even legally drink? But in the space of that 50 minute lecture, Jim had fallen head over heels in love.This was not the Leonard McCoy he’d met. This was a new person. This person was commanding yet kind. His voice echoed across the hall, yet somehow still managed to sound like it was meant for just you. He sat on the edge of the desk, moving his hands to punctuate his story. He made gauze sound like the most fascinating thing the universe had ever created. And the sexiest. Jim had been so distracted, before he’d known it, Bones was pulling him to the front of the class, using his arm to show how you wrapped a fractured wrist. His knees had gone weak. This was Bones. Jim had accepted day one of their friendship that Bones was the hottest mess of a man Jim had ever seen in his life. He’d been hungover, unshowered, and still so frighteningly attractive that Jim had been star struck. But this...this was not that. This was a completely separate level to Bones’ hotness. He’d suddenly become the personification of tall, dark, and handsome. And his smile? Forget it. How had Jim never noticed his smile? Seeing it in that class then, inches away from him as he told a joke to the lecture hall, Jim had realized it was the closest thing to honest perfection he’d ever seen. And it was exhilarating.The lift arrived. The doors slid open with a hiss and Jim stepped out, unsure what floor he’d even selected. He looked around. Deck 6.Of course.He headed towards observation.The class had been just the beginning.He fell more and more in love with each version of Bones he met; doctor, father, altruist, pessimist, terrible poker player, amazing cook. And those were just the ones he met when they’d been at the academy. When they’d gotten aboard the Enterprise, he’d gotten to meet Bones, the leader; Bones, the soldier; Bones, the hero. And he’d suddenly realized that the intricacies of Bones, as a person, were infinite. And Jim’s personal mission was to map them all like a star system.Bones made Jim a better person. He made Jim into something he could actually be proud of, so of course Jim had fallen in love with him. Bones had saved his life, long before Jim had made him his CMO. And Jim wasn’t so humble to deny that he hadn’t done the same for Bones. The Leonard McCoy he’d met on that shuttle wasn’t a version of Bones he’d seen since their second semester. He didn’t take all the credit, but he took his fair share. For both of them, day one of their friendship was rock bottom and they couldn’t have come back from that without help. They were Jim and Bones and that was never going to change.Jim wouldn’t let it.He sat down on the long black bench that stretched across the room. He looked up. The blackness of space reflected back at him from the giant window that encompassed the entire wall. He loved it here. Not only could he see the stars, but this was also the place the engine echoed the loudest. He could sit here for hours at a time, watching and listening the Enterprise pass by entire galaxies. He thought about Bones a lot when he came up here. Yet the place essentially represented all of Bones’ greatest fears. Jim didn’t really understand the connection, but there he was.If Bones didn’t love him, that was fine. That was okay. Jim had spent 6 years coming to terms with it. He knew, objectively, he would do anything for Bones, to keep their friendship intact. It was the one good thing he’d ever accomplished, and he would protect it with everything he had.But the kiss was a problem.It had made certain feelings manifest; feelings Jim had years keeping tight to his chest, away from the world. And in less than 10 seconds, he’d ruined it. He’d let the world in on the one secret he had left. Maybe Bones wouldn’t remember. He’d passed out after, after all. But everyone else would remember. The security officers, the nurses, Sulu, Christine. Christine wasn’t an issue, he knew. Following Bones’ stint with Cytherian Fever, when she’d seen right through him and his defenses, she had never once mentioned it. She was a good friend. But everyone else...Gossip on this ship spread quickly, without mercy, and gossip about its captain was no exception. Like a virus, the story of the kiss would spread from person to person, then eventually ship to ship. In Jim’s mind it was only a matter of days before the entire galaxy knew he was desperately, hopelessly, in love with Leonard Horatio McCoy.He looked at the stars one last time and stood up.It wasn’t fair for Bones to hear it from someone else. Jim had to be the one to tell him. It would hurt like hell, seeing the rejection up close, but it was the right thing to do. Bones’ feelings came first, over Jim’s. Always. He’d be back in his quarters by now. When Jim had left, Christine said all he needed was rest. And knowing Bones, he would rather do that away from his staff, in the privacy of his own quarters. Jim would tell him and then leave, giving him all the time he needed to process it. There was a small part of Jim’s brain, growing bigger every passing second, that played worst-case scenario with him.He had faced Romulans and Klingons, sentient computers and cults led by AIs. He saved dozens of worlds under impossible situations. But he’d never been scared like this before. In fact, he could honestly say this was the most terrified he’d ever been. Second only to 2 hours ago, when he’d been forced to watch Bones be used as a human shield in the middle of his own ship.It had been a very, very rough day. +  McCoy still hadn’t got up from the floor. When he’d made it back to his quarters, he hadn’t made it to the bed. Instead, he’d slid down the wall next to the door to sit.He liked it down here. It was easier to think.He loved Jim.Wait that wasn’t right.He was in love with Jim.When did that happen?It was impossible to play to worst-scenario game because there were only two ways this could play out. Best case, Christine was right. Jim was in love with him too. They’d spend the rest of their lives together. They grow old together. Worst case, Jim didn’t love him. And that was pretty fucking worst case. He’d gotten his hopes up for nothing. He’d have to realign his worldview for the second time that day and he honestly thought that may break his heart for good.But Jim had kissed him. There was some evidence to support Christine’s claim. But there was also a very real possibility McCoy had hallucinated that; his concussed brain trying to tell him something that it had apparently known all along. It’s him, you idiot. You deserve to be happy. That’d be news to him. He’d given up on love before he’d even gotten to Starfleet. Everybody gets one chance and he’d blown it. He didn’t get another. He’d accepted that.It would be very much like Jim to ruin his best laid plans. Looking back now, McCoy could see how it happened. The things they’d said to one another. The looks. The touches. Though neither of them was particularly touchy-feely people, they were with each other. They had just never really been concerned about crossing lines because, between them, there really hadn’t been any lines to begin with—they were just naturally that good at sharing space. Two halves of a fucked-up whole.He let his head fall back against the wall, wincing slightly. Every inch of him hurt. He wanted nothing more than to somehow be magically across the room, in his bed.Before he could even start to get up, there was a knock at the door. The door that seemed impossibly far away from his spot on the floor. He couldn’t even yell at the computer to get it to open.The knocking continued.He tensed his body as he reached a hand towards the desk beside him, hoping to use it as leverage. In his clumsiness, though, he sent the few PADDs and hyposprays he had on it falling. They hit the floor with a crash. The knocking at the door became frantic.
“Bones?”
McCoy’s eyes widened. Jim. He grabbed the table edge again, trying to pull himself up but the door was already sliding open. Jim looked around the room in a panic, eyes taking a second to locate McCoy on the ground next to him.“Bones.”He dropped to his knees in front of McCoy, hands going to his face as he searched for any new cuts or bruises. “Are you okay? Why are you on the floor?”He looked at McCoy then, right in the eye. They were completely level. His eyes were full of worry as he waited for McCoy to give an answer, to somehow indicate he was okay. And in that moment, McCoy saw it. Saw what Christine meant. Jim did love him and McCoy loved him and there wasn’t a power in this universe or the next could ever compete with the feeling that passed between them in that moment.McCoy didn’t say anything. Instead, he brought his hands up to Jim’s face, mirroring Jim’s position. Then he pulled him forward and kissed him like it was the easiest thing in the world.And Jim didn’t hesitate to kiss him back.McCoy was more sure about the kiss than he had ever been about anything in his entire life. He was suddenly very grateful he couldn’t talk. Because he had never good at it anyway and there was no way he could possibly summarize what he was feeling in that moment. But that was okay. They’d have time for that later. He tried to pull Jim closer, but Jim stopped him, pushing against his chest. McCoy opened his eyes just as Jim pulled away.For half a second, McCoy’s heart stopped, worried Jim was about to say something he didn’t want to hear. But then Jim smiled. And it felt like the first real smile McCoy had ever seen from him. It was crooked and intimate and just for him.“Bones,” Jim said. “I love you. A lot. Like an incredibly stupid amount of love. And I’m pretty sure I’ve known since the minute you threw up on my shoes that I didn’t ever want you to leave.”McCoy chose his next words carefully. This was a very important moment and he wanted to get it right. He swallowed and looked up at Jim.“How could you possibly think I’d go anywhere without you?”And he knew it was perfect by the way Jim dropped his head on McCoy’s chest and laughed, making McCoy’s entire body hum. Before he could even think about it, Jim was pulling him closer by the fabric of his uniform, already kissing him.God, what a day.  



Not a Student




“Jim.” 
Jim stretched as he woke up, feeling the bed dip as someone sat on the edge next to him.“Bones,” he smiled, because of course it was Bones. Bones, the only person who would be in his room. Bones, who he had had the luxury of waking up next to the last few days. “I thought you left already?”“I did, but I came back to murder you in your sleep.”Jim cracked an eye open.“What?”Bones was glaring down at him, gripping a PADD so hard it looked close to shattering. His jaw was twitching.“Let’s rewind a little bit,” Jim said cautiously, rubbing a hand across his face. “What’s going on?”Bones grunted and roughly shoved the PADD at him, apparently so livid he couldn’t remember how to make words work. Jim gave it a once-over before looking back up at Bones.“Again, what’s the problem here?”Bones paused for a moment, taking a quick 12 seconds to square his shoulders like he did when he was gearing up for a fight. And Jim winced because Bones happened to be the best fighter he knew, as far as yelling went. He was built to be angry and yeah, usually that made Jim want to do any number of inappropriate things in return, but this was different. This was the first fight they’d had since becoming a “they”. “What’s the problem?” he said. “Are you serious, Jim? You think I’d be okay with this? Really? Honestly?”Jim sat up in the bed. If Bones really wanted to be a dick about this, fine.“You’re going. That’s an order from your commanding officer, Bones. A non-negotiable order,” he said, looking Bones straight in the eye because that’s the only way to ever really bring a point home for Bones. Bones had a very old-fashioned idea of bravado. Which meant Jim had a front row seat to the raw look on Bones’ face.“So it’s a punishment?” he asked, after a pause, mouth tipped down on one side.“Of course not,” Jim sighed sadly. “This is me making up from my mistakes. I’m trying to make sure that what happened in Medbay last week never happens again.”The bruises had faded to a splotchy pattern of light brown and yellow, though they were still clearly visible around the collar of Bones’ uniform. They had also stopped resembling the very clear imprint of a hand, like it had been for the majority of the last few days. That still didn’t make them easier for Jim to look at. So that’s why he’d taken Sulu aside after shift yesterday and made him a deal: if he helped Jim run a combat training session with Bones, then Jim would let him use one of the empty science labs for his plants. Sulu had agreed, as Jim knew he would. Captains were responsible for knowing their crews critical pressure points and Sulu’s had been almost embarrassingly easy to trigger. The man loved plants and Jim wasn’t above exploiting the shit out of that, especially when it was ultimately for Bones. Bones looked at him, his gaze broken and steady.“I’m sorry, Bones,” Jim said, handing back the PADD.  “But you’re going. Think of it as a favor for me.”Bones met his eyes for another tense second before he turned sharply around, stalking through Jim’s quarters and out the door.Jim watched him go, before dropping back on to the bed. He knew, when he’d sent out the message yesterday, that there had been zero chance of it ending nicely. He had just hoped Bones would have given him the benefit of the doubt here. Their core dynamic hadn’t changed much since they started officially dating (they’d sign the forms yesterday, much to Bones’ embarrassment), other than the fact they had a very different kind of experience when having sleepovers now. The main observable difference was the fact that Bones seemed slightly less annoyed with Jim. Actually, he was probably the same level of annoyed, but now Jim was able to fix it easier. Bones was more willing to let issues go. So why couldn’t do that now? The defense class wasn’t about Bones. How could he not see that? It was about Jim covering his own ass. What happened with the pirate was 18 of Jim’s worst nightmares conveniently packaged and delivered with a blood stained bow on top. Jim almost lost Bones. The crew almost lost Bones. And they couldn’t have that because, whether he liked it or not, Leonard H. McCoy was pretty damn important to this ship, apart from the fact that its captain depended on him. He couldn’t lose Bones, especially since Jim was the only reason he was on the ship now, instead of safe on some starbase half a million light years away.Jim sighed. He’d give Bones the day to cool off. They didn’t officially have plans that night, but they were Jim and Bones. They always were together in some way, shape, or form because they were “grossly infatuated” with one another, according to Uhura. But no one could really blame them because, come on, they were adorable. Objectively, Jim knew that. They were cute as fuck and he would not apologize for that.He’d spend tonight alone, keeping away from Bones until tomorrow morning at 0900 when he’d see him in the gym, regardless of how pissed off he still was. + “Bones, are you still angry at me?”“Bones?”“Bones, stop. You’re being ridiculous. I’m sitting right next to you; I know you can hear me.”“And what if I can’t, Jim? Are you going to order me to take a training course for hearing?” McCoy snapped before pointedly turning around again to stretch with his back to Jim.That was uncalled for, he knew it. But he was still angry enough to not be above good old-fashioned cheap shots. Though, admittedly, he knew that he probably should have come up with one sharper than that. If Jim continued pestering him, he’d have to result to rifling through the list of Jim’s insecurities he kept on mental file.
“Boneeeeesssssss. Bones. Bones. Bones. Bones. Bones. Bones.”
“That shirt makes your elbows look even weirder,” McCoy snapped over his shoulder, loud enough he knew Jim could hear him.Jim’s mouth shut instantly.“You’re an asshole.”“Wait, Jim, I didn’t mean that,” McCoy tried to take back his words, turning around again to face Jim.“You’re angry. I get that.”But the truth was, McCoy wasn’t angry at Jim.Well, okay. He was a little bit. But it was more incidental anger than anything. He was angry at how utterly stupid he himself had been. There were a thousand different ways he could have better handled what happened in Medbay last week, ones that hadn’t put Christine and Sulu and the entire ship in jeopardy. He’d had basic hand-to-hand defense classes back at the academy and he’d proven himself more than capable of handling things when he’d gotten in the odd fist fight the past few years. But for some reason his brain had short circuited and lost that instinctual defense and had let him be dragged around by the throat as a hostage. What the admiralty would think, knowing one of their flagship’s senior officers had caused such a monumental, clusterfuck of a situation.“It…it isn’t you I’m angry at,” McCoy told Jim, holding up his own honesty like a shield.Another sigh.“I know, Bones.”McCoy looked across the space between them on the mat. There was silence again, less strained than before but still not the comfortable kind they usually shared. This was the kind that happens when two people have a lot to say, but can’t quite seem to figure out how to start. He wanted to tell Jim that if anyone had the right to be mad, it was Jim. Jim should be pissed McCoy for putting not only Christine and Sulu in danger, but the professional integrity of the ship as well. So yeah, he deserved this punishment. He brought it on himself. Sometimes he just really didn’t understand Jim. Because Jim wasn’t mad at him. Jim just wanted to help.“You don’t have weird elbows, Jim,” McCoy finally offered.“I know that too,” Jim said, though the words were ruined by the hesitant hand he, subconsciously or not, kept running over the back over his left arm. They watched Sulu make his way across the gym to them.“Sulu,” Jim nodded at him.“Captain,” Sulu replied, dropping his bag down near them. Jim hopped up and pulled McCoy to his feet, letting his hand linger entwined with Bones'. They looked at each other for a moment before Jim smiled and McCoy was not blushing and—“Okay, no.”They looked back at Sulu.“No,” Sulu repeated, looking between the two of them. “You can’t do… the thing.”“The thing?” Jim asked.“The thing! The looking at each other all…sexual thing. It makes me incredibly uncomfortable and I will leave. The lab isn’t worth it.”McCoy took a step away from Jim pointedly, raising an eyebrow at Sulu.“Better?”“Better.”“Alright,” McCoy nodded. He rubbed his hands together, not looking at Jim. “What’s the plan? Who am I hitting first?”“Hitting isn’t your problem, Bones,” Jim said, not looking at McCoy. “We’ve seen you in enough brawls to know that. You can handle yourself in a fist fight.”“That’s basic self-defense,” Sulu added, not looking at either of them. “We’re working on the more advanced levels they teach you in command track.”“Do I get a gold shirt?”“You can borrow mine,” Jim winked.“That’s two. On three I’m honest-to-God going to quit.”“Okay, okay,” Jim sighed, turning to look at Sulu. He gave him a nod. “Let’s start with something simple.”McCoy sighed as Sulu walked up behind him.“Wait what—”Sulu wrapped his arm around McCoy’s neck, applying the barest amount of pressure on his windpipe.McCoy tensed immediately.“Really, Jim?” he said, trying for annoyed indifference.“Really, Bones,” Jim countered, as Sulu widened his stance.“So your first lesson is going to be getting me off,” Sulu said.“Okay, you can’t get mad at us about sexual things and then say that.”“Fair enough: the first lesson is going to be removing an assailant when they have you by the throat. Better?”“Much.”“Alright then,” Sulu said. “With this, it’s all about leverage. All you’ve got to do is turn my weight against me.”“Step one being?” McCoy asked, rolling his shoulders experimentally.“Twist your hips as much as you can until you can get your left foot behind his right,” Jim instructed.McCoy did as instructed, Sulu’s arm restricting as he bent forward, just enough to free his hips.“Left foot behind-”“His right, got it,” McCoy mumbled, concentrating. He shimmied further, pulling himself, counterintuitively, closer to Sulu—but, with effort, he managed to plant his left foot behind the heel of his right.“That was the hard part,” Jim told him, bending down to be able to see him, as McCoy was nearly bent double. “Now comes the part where you run the risk of accidentally snapping the Sulu’s arm.”Oh good,” McCoy yelled, his face pressed against Sulu’s ribs. “I was wondering when it was going to get fun.”“You are not going to break my arm.”“You might break his arm.”“Jim, dammit, I don’t—”“You are not going to break my arm.”“Alright,” McCoy finally snapped. “What I am doing?”“Right hand, Sulu’s right elbow,” Jim said.“Check.”“Now use that grip that push yourself out from his hold.”McCoy gripped Sulu’s elbow before slipped out from his hold.“As you come up,” Sulu added. “Grab my left wrist while keeping your right on my elbow.”And just like that, McCoy was free. The pressure was gone from his neck and he breathed in deeply.“Now run away,” Jim said happily.McCoy snorted. “Why can’t I just kick the back of his knee and drop him?”“You could, but you are dead already,” Sulu said, reaching behind his back. He pulled out a phaser and pointed it nonchalantly at McCoy. “I just killed you.”McCoy put his hands on his hips.“That’s not fair! I didn’t know you were going to do that.”“Lesson two,” Jim said as he hauled Sulu to his feet. “What to do now that you know he’s going to do that.” 
+
 
3 hours later
“I can’t move.”“I can move but I don’t want to.”“I’ve been trying to move for the last five minutes. I think my toe twitched.”Jim lay staring open-mouthed at the ceiling. The mat wasn’t designed for too much comfort, but it still felt like heaven. Sweat still poured from seemingly every part of his body despite the fact that he’d been lying panting on the mats for at least 15 minutes. He could feel Bones and Sulu sprawled out in a similar fashion on either side of them, their breathing finally quieting down. The lieutenant had an arm pressed against his eyes.“That last fight kicked my ass,” he groaned.“Agreed,” Bones mumbled. He’d run his hand through his hair at some point, the sweat making it stand up wildly—so drastically unlike Bones’ usual prim and regulated style that Jim had to laugh.“Bones, you look ridiculous,” he offered as explanation when the other two turned to him at the noise.“Well so do you.”“You love it.”“You love it.”“I hate both of you,” Sulu sighed. “You stink and need a shower.”“And food,” Jim added wistfully. “I think it’s Shepard’s Pie day in the cafeteria.”Both Sulu and Bones made appreciative noises in the back of their throats.“But both of those things require movin’ from this spot,” Bones informed him.“Good point.”They lapsed back into silence.After working through lessons 2-15 for an hour, they’d spent the last two in hands-on, practical-approach, sparring matches. Sometimes one on one, other times two on one. They’d finished with an interesting one on one on one fight that had well and truly wiped them all out to the point that they had immediately dropped to the floor once they’d called a draw. Jim knew he’d be sore for a good few days. He touched his tongue gently to the split in the corner of his upper lip. Luckily, that had been their only injury besides the bruises or else Bones would have thrown an absolute fit. Actually, at this point, he would probably be too tired to even string together even a compound cuss word.“Alright,” Bones groaned suddenly. “That’s it. I’m going to suffer like an adult in bed.”He rolled over and pushed up from the mat with a wince.“Leave me here to die,” Jim sighed. “I love you, don’t come into my quarters until you’ve showered.”“Aye aye, captain,” he parted with a wink towards Jim. “Thanks, Sulu.”Sulu waved a hand half-heartedly. “Night, Dr. McCoy.”Jim twisted his neck in order to be to watch Bones make his way across the gym at a slow, gingerly pace. They’d accomplished something here, right? He couldn’t ease the guilt he felt over what happened in Medbay last week (the bruises on Bones made sure of that) but he could try to offer a counter-attack against it. Providing Bones with a better fighting chance against pirates or aliens or whatever the hell they might run into in the future. He’d pushed Bones hard today, but not has hard as Bones seemed to push himself. He was feeling probably even guiltier than Jim was. Jim almost laughed out loud at that. What a pair the two of them made. They both were stuck on blaming themselves. It wasn’t Bones’ fault and Jim knew, logically, he couldn’t be the only one to blame here. But, illogically, his brain and gut wouldn’t let him accept that. He was just egotistical like that. “He’s alright.”Jim turned back to Sulu, surprised to find the lieutenant’s eyes closed.“I can feel you fretting,” he answered the implied silence.Jim shifted on the mat with a twitch.“I don’t fret over anyone on this ship. Mainly because who the hell even uses the word fret?”“You’re right,” Sulu said.“I know,” Jim smirked. “It’s one of those words that only Spock uses just to-”“You don’t fret over anyone on this ship,” Sulu talked over him. “You fuss over the crew.  You only fret over Dr. McCoy.”Jim laughed at that.“Can you blame me?” he added quietly. He pushed up to lean on his elbow so he could look at Sulu. “Bones and I, we…even before we were…what we are…we…”Sulu cut him off with a smirk and a quick shake of his head.“I get it, Jim. Trust me, I get it. No need to have a heart-to-heart about it. You ever notice how every conversation people tend to have on this ship seems to end in a heart-to-heart? That bugs me,” Sulu finished with a small frown.Jim laid his head back down on the mat.“Oh my God,” he mumbled, struck dumb. “You’re so right.”“Mmmhmm.”“You know, that’s the first time I think you’ve ever called me anything but ‘Captain,’” Jim pointed out.Sulu (Hikaru?) shrugged.“I think I’m even too tired to be respectful.”“I was wondering what sparked the honesty,” Jim mused. It was rare to see the man as anything less than the precise, almost uptight, soldier. It wasn’t a bad change, it just came so far out of left field, Jim’s concern was spiked. Was there a problem? An issue? Had working under Jim for 3 years finally been enough to push him to the breaking point? He shifted again on the mat in order to look at his helmsman. “You know, Sulu, you can always be hon-”Sulu sat up abruptly, shaking his head wildly.“No, no, no, no, no, no. You’re doing it again,” he yelled, getting to his feet slowly. “Stop trying to have a heart-to-heart with me! What is wrong with this ship?”Sulu started walking away and Jim tried to jump up after him. He got one leg up before biting off a cry.“Wait! Sulu, come back. I…I think I’m hurt,” Jim called with a wince.Sulu whipped back around, his frown replaced with worry.“Where?”“In my soul. I think I need to bare it to someone to be sure though.”Sulu turned back around.“Have a good day, captain.”Jim laughed.



Not Leonard
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It started with a warning.
“I may throw up on you.”
It ended with an apology as Jim threw his sneakers in the trash.
“Sorry I ruined your shoes, kid.”
And Jim had no idea what to make of any of it. The man was filthy, aggressively sarcastic, and throwing back shots at every sign of turbulence. But he also had the softest hazel eyes and the most soothing southern drawl Jim had ever heard. Probably; it definitely had the potential to be soothing. So far, all he’d done is growl and yell and make vague threats. But Jim could tell there was some level of comfort, of compassion, hidden somewhere deep down. He was forever the optimist. He could hear the man grumbling behind him as they made their way off the shuttle. Nothing specific, from what he could gather. Just a sort of general bitching. Jim would bet that he didn’t even know he was doing it.Jim’s bare feet already felt raw from the unforgiving metal pattern on the floor as they shuffled forward. It wasn’t like he had anything to replace them with. That’s the thing about last minute, dramatic exits. They didn’t really leave you time to pack a bag. All he had was the blood-stained clothes he was wearing (sans aforementioned vomit-covered socks and shoes), his comm, wallet, and a black eye. On the plus side, statistically speaking, his lack of possessions would make moving into the dorms about 98% easier, give or take.He made sure to duck as he went through the door this time, squinting into the sun spilling onto the shuttle steps. He stopped for a moment, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. He’d never been to San Francisco before. Never of his own volition, anyways. Of course he’d been dragged there for countless Kelvin memorials when he was younger. But being here by his own conscious choosing was definitely new. If he was more sentimental, he might say it was exciting. Instead he decided it was promising.  “Jesus Christ, kid. Are you going to stand there all day?”He opened his eyes. He’d almost forgotten about mister tall, dark, and hostile. Jim squinted back at him and didn’t answer the question. Instead, he supplied his own.“What should I call you?”The man raised his eyebrows in a way too cartoonish to be real. Real people didn’t do that. But Jim had a hard time believing this man was real. He held himself so awkwardly, standing on the steps of the shuttle. Like he felt uncomfortable just being who he was. And he somehow looked surprised, tensed, and slightly green, all at once. Jim wondered if he was getting ready to puke again and for some reason that made him want to laugh. It’d been a weird day.“What do you mean?” the man asked, his eyes narrowing in distrust. He pulled his arms against his sides, like he half expected Jim to attack him. Where the hell was this guy even from? Jim snorted.“Like a name? A thing I can use to replace the vague pronouns when speaking to or about you?”“I told you my name.”“Yeah, I don’t like.”The man went from suspicious to...faintly amused. Very faintly. Like, blink-and-you-miss-it amused before switching to a strong defense.“You don’t like it?”Jim finished walking down the steps. “Nah. To be honest, it’s...heavy. It’ll take too long to say. What about Leo?”“No.”“Yeah, I don’t like that either,” Jim agreed. “Len?”The other man walked away.“Wait!” Jim called after him. The man turned back, looking up from his comm. “Where are you going?”He rolled his eyes before stalking back to Jim.“I was thinking of going to find some peace and quiet for five fucking minutes before I have to start my new life in a place I’ve never been, with people I don’t know. Then I was going to go register for classes that I don’t need, find out what 18-year-old I’m going to be forced to share a dorm with, then I was hoping to find a hospital or clinic or fucking shanty town that needs a doctor so that maybe, just maybe, I can do some good in the goddamn world. Does that sound alright with you, kid?”Jim opened his mouth. Then closed it.“Sure,” he finally says, truly stumped.“Fantastic,” the man turned and walked towards the campus. Jim yelled after him.“Can I least get your number? You do owe me shoes, you know.”The man didn’t even look up.“Sorry,” he said, looking at his comm. “I don’t own a communicator.”Jim glared.“You’re a fucking asshole, McCoy,” he yelled.Only that didn’t sound right either. Jim watched him walk away, half wanting to go after him. They’d both stuck out on the shuttle and Jim was weirdly endeared to him and couldn’t shake the feeling that they needed to stay together in order to maximize their potential of making it out of this place alive. Then again, the man was afraid of space, darkness, and basic human interactions. Smart money was on him dropping out after a week, two tops. Or strangling someone. Either one, really.Then again, even smarter money was on Jim crashing and burning before McCoy even got the chance to. He’d probably seen McCoy on a bad day, which could account for the fact that he’d been falling apart at the seams. And McCoy probably thought he’d seen Jim on a bad day too. The truth was, beat up, hungover, and wary was Jim’s good day. He had a track record of fucking up and leaving a trail of shitty impressions everywhere he’d ever gone. Best let McCoy stay out of it. The guy seemed to already have gotten his share of damage, he didn’t need Jim’s.So he let him go and headed the opposite direction. + The next time Jim saw him, it was only 3 days later. But Starfleet 3 days were completely different from normal, human 3 days. They didn’t follow the linear progression of time, for one. From the moment Jim had left McCoy, Starfleet took over his life. He was rushed into registrations and orientations, uniform fittings and forced small talk. Pike ushered him up to faculty member after faculty member, as if they didn’t already know him. It was almost like Pike didn’t trust Jim on his own. A fair assumption, as Jim didn’t even trust Jim on his own. He’d gotten “moved in” to his dorm room. He’d had a roommate. He hated him immediately and never even bothered to learn his name. It was frankly embarrassing how little time it took him to get the roommate reassigned. If he wasn’t so set for the command track, he might have considered taking up computer science as a favor to Starfleet. They apparently had no one decent in all of the federation.McCoy had met his eye as he walked up the aisle of the lecture hall. Jim, seated as far back as he could get, did a double take over his coffee.McCoy was...human.Huh. He’d shaved and showered and had a regulation haircut that made him seem somehow both older and younger. He still held himself in acute defensiveness, but it’d lost the desperate edge he’d clung to on the shuttle. Jim liked this McCoy. He was promising, though he still wasn’t sold on calling him McCoy. It was too formal, too military. He may as just give up and call him Leonard if he was going to go with something so boring.McCoy was ten feet away when he saw Jim. He stopped in the middle of the aisle and closed his eyes.“Oh sweet Jesus.”Jim waved.McCoy sighed, deep and grim, all the way up to Jim’s row. Jim dragged his bag out of the seat next to him, gesturing McCoy towards it.“Please don’t throw up on me again.”Jim watched McCoy think about it for 15 seconds, his eyes tracking the other available seating in the lecture hall, before he gave up. He squeezed past Jim, with a very put upon frown.“I make no promises,” he said, pulling out a PADD. He looked Jim up and down very unsubtly before raising an eyebrow. “You look less pathetic.”Jim snorted. “And you look less suicidal. So.”McCoy looked for a moment like he might laugh. Instead, he looked around as the hall filled up around them. The entire class of first year cadets were in the rows for the one and only class required of all of them, regardless of track. It was designed to take them through Starfleet’s history, from first contact to now. Jim would be excited, if the professor didn’t look like he’d lived his entire life in this room, behind that desk. He turned to McCoy.“Leon?”McCoy’s face twisted in confusion for half a second before he rolled his eyes.“No.”“Lenny?”“Fuck no,” he scowled. Jim was starting to see how natural aggressive facial features seem to be to him. Interesting. He’d never seen a person’s defensive shields be so manifest. He’d also never been so amused by them either.“It was worth a shot,” he smiled. “So have you murdered your roommate yet?”Non-sequiturs happened to be A) a classic interrogation tactic designed to throw targets off guard and B) Jim’s specialty. But if McCoy was thrown by it at all, he didn’t show it. He only sighed, either at Jim or his roommate.“Would you believe I actually like him?” he asked.“No?”“Good, because I’d lying,” McCoy said. “His name is Jeremy and that’s all you need to know to understand his personality.”Jim winced.“I have a medical license,” McCoy continued. “I have awards. I have bright goddamn career ahead of me and I have to share a room with a child.”“Uh,” Jim said, not really sure if he was needed to respond. “That’s rough.”McCoy nodded absently. “Yeah.”“What does he call you?”“I make him call me Dr. Leonard McCoy, MD, Ph.D. at all times. It asserts dominance.”Jim surprised himself with laughing out loud at that, though even more surprising was the wry smile McCoy cracked.“So you’re saying that’s what I should call you?”“That would imply I want you to call me at all.” And the moment was over.Jim huffed, folding his arms. “Touché.”He waited in silence for three whole minutes, waiting until the professor took his spot behind the podium. As the rest of the cadets pulled out PADDS and quieted down, he leaned over to McCoy deliberately.“Do you want to get lunch after this?”It was worth a shot. McCoy turned to face him, slowly, with deliberation. He looked torn between annoyance and surprise. “No. Are you stupid or just truly that annoying?”Jim shrugged.McCoy stared at him a few more minutes before turning back to the front of the class.They didn’t speak the rest of the class. Though, as they got up to leave Jim gave a lazy salute and said “See you around, doc.”McCoy gave him another unsubtle look before shaking his head. “No.”“To the nickname or the ‘see you around?’”“Yes.”“Okay.”“Okay,” McCoy repeated, putting more sarcasm in one monosyllable than Jim thought possible. He took back what he said about McCoy being human. He had too many outliers.And then Jim was left stuck in his seat as he watched McCoy walk away yet again. He was really starting to like the guy. + When Jim waved at him in the mess hall two days later, McCoy frowned at him and walked straight out the door. + The next time, Jim snuck up on him. Maybe he could shock him into being less of an asshole. A solid strategy, if any.He’d been passing by the row of study rooms in the library when he’d just barely caught a glimpse of the meticulous part of McCoy’s hair. He was pushing himself closer to his table. Books, real books, that made Jim feel dumb just looking at the titles were scattered around him. He looked around the deserted room before tip-toeing in.McCoy was giving his textbook a concentrated glare. Despite that, he almost looked more relaxed than Jim had yet to see him. Jim came up right behind him.“What’s your middle name?”The jump McCoy gave was just as hilarious as Jim had imagined. The punch he’d landed in Jim’s stomach was not.“What the fuck, kid?” McCoy yelled as Jim doubled over. “You just scared the shit out of me.”“Yeah. Bad idea,” Jim coughed, falling into the seat besides McCoy. “I thought it’d be funny. And it kinda was.”McCoy shook his head darkly.“So middle name,” Jim repeated. “I need more to work with for your nickname.”“None of your fucking business.”“I could just look it up, you know,” Jim smirked. “Starfleet’s systems are a joke, frankly, and we should all really be concerned that spaceships rely on those systems to function. Forget about disease and darkness, McCoy. Shotty programing is the real danger out there. Do you want to get dinner?”He looked up at McCoy expectantly. He was doing that thing again where, if you looked hard enough, you could see the beginnings of a smirk. Not a smile, mind you. Jim had a feeling actual happiness was going to be a learned process for McCoy, taking months or even years. Depending how long he resisted the friendship Jim had planned for them. It was inevitable, really, and Jim was very, very patient when it counted.“Are you even real?” McCoy eventually asked, staring at Jim blankly.Jim rubbed his stomach. “I think so.”McCoy nodded, but again, it seemed sarcastic somehow. Astonishing.“You won’t look up my middle name,” he added off-handedly. Jim frowned.“Yes I will.”“No,” McCoy laughed. “You won’t. Wanna know how I know that?”“Enlighten me.”McCoy leaned back in his chair, smug. “Because I know your type. You’re the kind of guy who would never take the easy way. You like the challenge, the chase, whatever you want to call it. Where’s the fun in looking up my file when you can spend the next two weeks trying to annoy it out of me? Do I have it right?”Jim tried for a straight face. “Maybe.”“Thought so,” McCoy picked up the stylus to his PADD again. “But I’m telling you now, kid: you won’t get it. I don’t share private information with strangers.”“We’re not strangers. We’re at least acquaintances. You’re one of the few people I bothered to remember the name of. That’s something,” Jim pointed out.“You’re something.”Jim touched a hand to his heart. “Aw, McCoy, you flirt. I think you’re wrong though.”McCoy tossed his pen down so he could fold his arms. “About what?”“I think you will tell me,” Jim said, leaning forward. “Wanna know how I know that?”McCoy just waited impatiently until Jim skipped to the point.“Because you sat down next to me last week. No one forced you, there were plenty of seats. You chose to sit next to me. Maybe you’re beginning to wonder what it’d be like to have someone actually like you.”McCoy leaned forward too, getting close enough for Jim to see the individual freckles he had across his nose. Jim swallowed roughly.“We,” McCoy stressed, gesturing between them. “Are not going to be friends. When I sat down next to you, it’s because I felt sorry for you. I’ve seen a million kids like you. You’re going to fly too close to the sun and burnout. Anyone could see your days here are numbered.”Jim waited until McCoy sat back in his chair, folding his arms as he gave Jim an incredibly smug look. Jim flexed his hands but kept them close to his sides as they stared at one another for a minute.“Fuck you, McCoy,” he finally gritted through his teeth before turning to leave the small room. He didn’t wait to see McCoy’s face has he slammed the door shut behind him.+ The next day, Jim made damn sure there were no empty seats around him in the lecture hall. McCoy passed right by him without sparing him a glance. + On Thursday, Jim had his PT course. It was required of all cadets and Jim actually enjoyed it. You worked within a smaller class of 8 and he liked everyone in his group so far. He didn’t know any of their names, but he liked them. They were equal parts judgy and encouraging, which was exactly the environment Jim needed to thrive. He liked pushing himself on the course. It was exhausting and painful but at the end of it, he felt like he was actually accomplishing something. It was still too early into his other classes for progress to be tangible. But here, he could directly see how his effort resulted. It relaxed him, in a way only physical exhaustion and agony could.
He’d been running through the preset course, dodging the large stack of matts that represented Klingon cliffs or Romulan mountains, whatever the bullshit scenario they’d been given was. It was essentially an aggressive form of capture the flag, he’d realized. He was being chased by one of the guys in the “enemy” unit, a big mother fucker by the sound of the footsteps behind him.

Jim picked up the speed. He jumped over a “dead” crewmate, taking the corner at a slide and—
“And that’s all I really remember,” he told the nurse, holding the wad of gauze to his forehead with his left hand. “I...uh...apparently hit something.”“Someone,” the nurse corrected gently, looking up from the PADD she’d been copying notes on. “Your instructor said you ran into one of the other players.”“Shit, are they alight?” Jim groaned.“They’re fine,” she smiled, she patted Jim’s knee in what she probably thought was a comforting gesture. To him, it just felt incredibly belittling.“Am I alright?” he asked suspiciously.The nurse smiled wider, achieving a very hospitable condescension that Jim had only ever witnessed from medical professionals. “Let me go see where the doctor is.”He closed his eyes with a sigh as soon as she’d left. The hospital lights were bright, insultingly so. The whole place seemed to be designed to taunt him. It’s not like he’d meant to get hurt. He stared sadly at his right hand. At this point, it’d gone fairly numb. He kept it against his chest to prevent the bones shifting more than they apparently already had. The sooner everything was back in place, the sooner he could get back to the course. What was the point of them inventing advanced regeneration if not to allow people to move on with their lives almost immediately? Jim sighed.“Unbelievable.”Jim pulled his head up from his hands, squinting at the door. McCoy was leaning against the frame wearing scrubs.  “Oh fuck me,” Jim groaned, too tired to think of anything better. “What are you doing here?”“I told you,” McCoy said, pushing off the door. “I’m a doctor.”“Yeah but I thought that meant in the general sense, not like, you know, literal.”McCoy picked up the PADD the nurse had left on the table, glancing through it idly. “Starfleet is desperate for doctors. Apparently, they get a lot of cadets coming in. Mainly show off command tracks who think everything is a fucking game. Sound familiar?”“It was an accident,” Jim protested weakly.“Yeah, I know,” McCoy said, tossing the chart on the counter behind him.“Was that sarcasm?”“No.”“Was that sarcasm? I’m having a little trouble keeping up, I think I have a concussion.”“No and yes, you do. I can tell you that right now,” McCoy said. “Your instructor told me they had to drag your unconscious ass across campus, bleeding the whole time. It looks like a goddamn crime scene in the streets.”He gently put a hand around Jim’s wrist and pulled his hand away from the bloody mess of his forehead. “Now, let’s see what we can do.”Jim winced as he peeled away the gauze someone had given him to hold onto, somewhere between waking up and now, however long that’d been.McCoy, oddly enough, kept his hand circled around Jim’s good wrist. He examined Jim’s head in silence, tilting his chin to get the different angles. He pulled out clean gauze from his pocket and dabbed the edges of the cut. Jim winced.“Sorry,” McCoy said quietly.“I’ve had worse,” Jim shrugged. McCoy snorted.“I know. I’ve seen your chart. No offense, kid, but how the fuck are you still alive?”“I have no idea,” Jim deadpanned.“You’re lucky this time,” McCoy said finally, stepping back from Jim and dropping his hand. “Let me see your hand.”Jim slowly raised his right hand until McCoy could take it with his own. Jim watched him examine it with an open mouth. It was fascinating how comfortable he was at this. He was running his eyes up and down Jim’s arm, a small frown on his face. His hands moved quickly, efficiently, but with a graceful ease.  They determined look on his face made Jim feel very...safe.“So,” Jim said conversationally. “How’s Jeremy?”McCoy spared Jim a quick look. “You know damn well how he is.”Jim wasn't meeting his eye. Instead, he just raised his eyebrows innocently. “Huh?”“Don’t play dumb, kid. It looks shitty on you.”Jim let his face drop. “How the hell did you know it was me?”McCoy stood up straight, folding his arms. “I tell you I hate him and he just so happens to receive a room transfer order the next day. Subtlety ain’t your strong suit, is it?”“Not really, no,” Jim said. He was surprised how good McCoy seemed to be taking this. "What I don't understand," he said. "Is why you waited until after I was a dick to you in the library to do it."Again, Jim shrugged. He didn't really know either. He had been angry at McCoy that night. He'd wanted to punch something. Yet when he'd got back to his room, he'd found himself sitting down on the console and opening up the necessary files. So he just said the first thing that seemed believable."You seemed like you needed it."McCoy was staring at Jim while idly reaching out to flatten the paper sheeting on the bed Jim was laying on. It was an transparently calculating gaze, unsubtle in his suspicion as he gave Jim a once over. As soon as he apparently got his answer, however, his face went unreadable.“Look, Jim,” he finally said. “I’m sorry about what I said the other day. I didn’t mean it.”“Yes you did,” Jim smiled sadly. He held McCoy's eye across the bed. “And if you try to deny it, I’ll never respect you.”McCoy didn't look away. He just gave a small nod.“You think you are the first person to say something like that to me?” Jim said honestly. “People see what they want to see when they meet me. It’s not your fault.”“Yeah, but I was still wrong to say it,” McCoy said. “You’re... actually pretty alright, kid.”Jim tutted.“There you go flirting with me again, McCoy,” he said. “You want on this or something? Because I guarantee you lock that door and I can make—"McCoy punched him the good shoulder. Not enough to hurt, but enough to get Jim to shut up.“You’re unbelievable,” McCoy said. “You also have broken at least four bones in your hand.”Jim winced. “Is that bad?”“Yes, idiot, that’s bad,” McCoy glared. “You’re going to have to sit through a few rounds of regen. Are you even capable of sitting still?”“Sometimes,” Jim smiled, bringing his A game. He'd only half been kidding about the proposition. “Given the right motivation.”“Is the use of your dominant hand motivation enough?”“Eh.”McCoy closed his eyes for a brief second before turning to the equipment in the corner.“Seriously, though,” Jim went back. “My hand should be okay, right?” “Yeah, kid. I’m very good at my job.”“Good.” Jim looked at McCoy with a smirk. “All I’ve got left is my bones.”McCoy looked over his shoulder, with a raised eyebrow. “You’re fucking hilarious.”Jim laughed as he leaned back on the bed, letting his good arm cradle his head. It was the truth. The only thing worth a damn he’d brought to Starfleet was himself, his bones. So did McCoy, apparently, but at least he also had the ability to heal bones. The symbolism was a little heavy handed, but he liked it. Jim tilted his head to look at McCoy dragging the regenerator to his bedside.“Bones,” he said aloud, smirking as McCoy turned around.“What?”“Bones,” he repeated. “That’s it. That’s your name.”“What? Why?”Jim shrugged. “Wouldn’t that ruin the magic.”Bones scowled. “You are very annoying.”“I know,” Jim smiled. He got more comfortable in the bed as Bones reached for his bad arm. “Hey, you want to get lunch after this?”There was silence for a minute as Bones tinkered with the controls of the machine. Then...“Yeah, okay.”



Chapter End Notes
I'm obsessed with academy-era McKirk at the moment, hence the last two chapters. I do have to admit that the "Can I get your number"/ "I don't have a phone" exchange was me paying homage to a McKirk comic I love. They in turn had taken it from the tumblr account incorrectstartrekquotes. Jim and Bones sharing a stafleet history class is borrowed from every academy fic ever written. Thanks for all the comments and kudos lately! Beyond comes out in 4 days and I'm too excited to really function. Also, sorry for anyone named Jeremy.


Not a Good Luck Charm
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jim loved game nights.It was a big ship full of people with spotty sleep schedules; no matter what day or time or location of the game, people tended to wander in. Scotty was good, but only when he was the right level of drunk where he wasn’t technically drunk but he wasn’t technically sober and there was such a delicate balance to that that he rarely was a threat. Chapel was probably the best and had a list of favors from all of them that she’d collected in her winnings over the years. Sulu was getting better each game they played, though still not good enough to actually cause Jim to worry. Chekov was terrible, Bones was capital T Terrible, and Spock would be just as bad but he always played on a team with Uhura and together they were insanely good. It was unfair.Jim entered in the code to his quarters and was completely undeterred by the lights being off.“Bones,” he says, hopping as he tore off one of his boots. “Are you sleeping?”It was more of a conversation starter than a question. Bones was tucked in on his side of the bed and there was no way that he hadn’t woken up the second the door had slid open. Bones was a doctor (dammit). He had doctors’ instincts even outside of Medbay and was never able to sleep deeply. He could be up and ready to save a life in a half a second. That didn’t mean he was happy about it. Jim got a half-hearted groan in response.“Get up, we got a game night,” Jim pressed on. He swapped his shirt for one of Bones’ ratty Ole Miss sweatshirts draped over the desk. “I promised Chekov because he did that thing where he looked at me and I couldn’t help it.”Bones pulled the blanket up higher and groaned again. Jim smiled as he finished tying his sweats. He dropped down on the bed.“Bonnnneeessss,” he said, pulling the blanket down. “Come on.”Bones squinted up at him. The face of complete apathy. “No.”“Did you miss the part where I said I promised Chekov?”“Exactly,” Bones sighed, still keeping his eyes closed. Like he was simply too tired to deal with Jim appropriately. “You promised the kid. I did nothing of the sort. I’m going back to sleep now.”Jim paused. He hadn’t planned on this. If there was one thing Jim was reasonably confident about, it was the fact that Bones was always going to say yes. He said yes to sitting next to Jim on the shuttle to Starfleet; yes to the Kobayashi Maru, once, twice, three times; yes to being his CMO; yes to being more than just friends. Yes to everything.Except, apparently, this particular game night.“But….game night,” he said again. “You’ve never missed a game night.”“I’m tired, Jim,” Bones sighed. “And it’s not like I’m going to be missed.”Well that was only partly true. Bones was an absolutely shit poker player. His eyes were too honest. Actually all of him was too honest. It was one of the things Jim loved best about him. He was fun to have around the games, though. For someone who tried to convince the world he was a boring old country doctor, Bones actually had the craziest drinking stories to tell. And winning was only ever fun when Bones was around. Jim kissed the corner of Bones' mouth.“I’ll miss you,” Jim said.Bones smiled lazily.“I’ll be here when you get back,” he said. “Don’t let Chapel win. She’ll be insufferable.”“I make no promises,” Jim said truthfully. He ran his hand through Bones’ hair as he stood up. He looked down, making one last ditch effort. “Are you positive you don’t want to come?”Bones just pulled the blanket back up over his shoulder. Jim sighed and headed for the door.He really didn’t know what to do with himself.A game night...without Bones? Fun…without Bones? It was ridiculous. But he had promised Chekov. If the poor kid wanted to lose that badly, then who was Jim to deny him? It wasn’t that Jim was insanely good at poker, at pretty much any game this side of the Laurentian system, it was just that he had yet to see evidence to the contrary. He was a talented man. It was just his curse to bare, perhaps. That didn’t change whether Bones was with him or not. And it wasn’t like they were one of those couples who had to do everything together. They just preferred to. Jim was his own man. His own, talented man.He walked through the doors of the rec room.“Alright, let’s do this,” he said, flipping the chair across from Chapel around so he could sit on it backwards. He took the glass that Scotty offered him.“No McCoy?” he asked.“Bones is, wait for it, asleep,” Jim said with disgust. “Can you believe that?”“If I had to share a bed with you, I’d probably ending up pretending to be asleep a lot too,” Uhura offered, passing out the cards.Jim gasped quietly.Sulu laughed.Uhura shrugged.The night, believe it or not, actually got worse from there.And hour later and Jim was staring down at his cards, trying to keep is face as impassive as possible to hide the fact that it was (quite possibly) the worst hand in existence. He was a better liar than Bones by far, but there was only so much he had to work with.  Sulu was eyeing him like he knew it, but Jim remained looking at his cards. He pushed up the sleeves of Bones’ sweatshirt. Sulu sighed.“Captain has a shit hand,” he said impassively, almost as if he were commenting on the weather rather than Jim’s masculinity.“Are you fucking kidding me,” Jim threw up his arms. He’d lost every single game they’d played that night and was damn near ready to give up.  Across the table, Scotty smiled.“Maybe we should stop inviting McCoy to the game,” he said, rearranging his cards.“What the hell does that mean?” Jim folded his arms. Chapel smiled, patting Jim’ arm lightly.“Easy, Jim,” she laughed. “He didn’t mean it like that.”
“Like what?”
“Like however you’re taking it,” she said. “He just means that it’s nice to see you lose.”“What does that mean?” he repeated. He looked around at the others. Uhura set her cards down, rolling her eyes like she was talking to a very dim child.“You lost your good luck charm,” she said. “When Leonard is playing with us, you never lose. He’s gone and all of a sudden you’re a worse player than Pavel.”Chekov nodded and Jim folded his arms.“That’s ridiculous. I’m entitled to an off night without it being a Bones issue.”Scotty snorted. “It’s always a McCoy issue. Think about it: every mission you go on that he doesn’t, ends in a right mess.”“That’s a skewed statistic, though,” Sulu added. “A lot of missions he does go end equally bad.”“But they don’t end bad for Jim,” Uhura said. “They end bad for other people.”“I don’t like this,” Jim said suddenly. “I’m not having fun.”“Because Leonard isn’t here?” Chapel laughed.“Face it, Jim,” Scotty said. “McCoy is your good luck charm. It’s weird.”“And sweet,” Chapel said.“And irrelevant to our game,” Sulu finished. “Can we move on? Are you going to fold already, Captain?”“I feel like I need to self-reflect,” Jim said.“Fold first, then introspect,” Sulu said.Jim threw down his cards.“I’m out.” + Jim couldn't sleep.He didn’t even know where to begin, besides his gut reaction to ignore the whole thing. He didn’t like being analyzed by his crew, especially not on game night and especially not when it was about Bones. It wasn’t that Bones was a sensitive subject, it was just that he was the subject that mattered most to Jim. It was completely different. He was also the subject that scared Jim the most. Scotty and Chapel and the others labeling Bones as Jim’s good luck charm was a simple way of putting it. A tangible way. Jim already had a million and one theoretical notions of how much Bones meant to him and giving one of those a name made them feel more real. You could lose real things, you could have real things taken away from you, and real things could hurt you. His relationship with Bones, despite being years overdue, was still technically new. It still didn’t feel real and he didn’t want to spoil that. Bones wasn’t a good luck charm. Bones was everything.“You’re thinking so loud, I can’t sleep.”Jim tilted his head to look at Bones and smiled softly.“Sorry.”Bones ran a hand along Jim's back sleepily, eyes still closed.“Anything important?”“No, I just,” Jim said, then paused. He looked back up at the ceiling. “I just don’t want you to come planetside with us tomorrow.”Bones' eyes snapped open.“What? You’ve been on my ass about going for weeks, Jim.”“And now I’ve changed my mind."“Why?”“I’m working on a theory.”
“What?”
Bones sat up, his arm falling from around Jim. Jim sat up too because it felt weird if he didn't. He holding his pillow in his lap in some semblance of protection.“It’s nothing. Probably. Just…don’t come with us. After the mission, I’ll explain. I promise.”He looked across the bed at Bones, trying to convey how much he really didn’t want to be having this conversation. He just wanted Bones to accept it and go back to sleep. Instead, Bones snorted.“I’m honestly insulted you think I’m going to accept that.”It had been worth a shot. He again had to look away from Bones. It was easy to say stupid things when he didn’t have to look Bones in the face.“It’s really, really, really stupid.”“I assumed as much,” Bones said, but gently. Gentle insulting was Bones’ go-to form of comfort.“So at game night,” Jim started. Then sighed heavily. “The crew implied that I can only do well at things when you are there. That you’re my good luck charm…………………… or whatever.”He looked at Bones. Who was looking at him. 40 solid seconds of silence passed while Bones looked as if he was contemplating every moment of his life that had led up to this moment, in this bed, looking at Jim. He did it often enough that Jim wasn’t too worried. Finally Bones just frowned.“Well, yeah,” he said.“Well yeah what?”“Well yeah I’m your good luck charm,” Bones said simply. “That’s how it’s always been.”Jim had to lie down again. “How it’s always been?”“Yeah,” Bones shrugged. “That’s my job. At the academy, on this ship. I go with you and make sure you don’t do stupid shit. You take less risks, you’re more cautious. It’s nothing to do with luck and everything to do with being a good influence.”“A good influence?”Bones raised an eyebrow.“First of all, I’m the best damn influence you’ve ever had so you can stop sounding so surprised,” he growled. “Second of all, yeah. A good influence.”“But they were talking about poker and game night and shit like that. Your influence has nothing to do with that.”“Yes it does. You win at games when I’m with you because you’re a show off. You go out of your way to win when I’m there because apparently it’s 1867 and you are trying to woo me.”“That’s not true?”But even Jim didn’t believe it.“It’s very cute,” Bones assured him. “But very annoying.”“I don’t even know how to process this.”“Can we process it in the morning?” Bones sighed.“I mean, I guess,” Jim said. “I just…I don’t like that.”Bones rolled over and pulled the blanket back up.“You don’t have to like it. I love it and that’s all that matters.”Jim smiled.“Alright.”



Chapter End Notes
Short little chapter as an apology for being gone for so long! Glad you all stuck with me. More chapters are coming.


Not Hungover
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




There was a better than decent chance the trip was going to end terribly. Shore leave, for this crew in particular, seemed to never end without broken limbs or broken laws. Even then, they’d had the ship to fall back on; a transporter to beam them out, communicators to use, contact of any kind. But the ship needed a break. Their systems needed overhauls. It was just four days. Four days, disconnected from the ship. Enjoying the beach, each other, without the ever present ‘fleet looming over their shoulders to guilt them into working. So, for once in his goddamn life, McCoy had decided to be an optimist. He and Jim were still pretty new to this whole “we love each other in a gay way” thing and their jobs as senior members of the federation didn’t really allow them time to stop and really enjoy that. They planned on having no plans this trip, wanting to spend the four days sitting on the beach or watching stupid movies or staring lovingly into each other’s eyes or...other stuff. Jim was very excited. McCoy was very excited. The whole ship was very excited. Not for Jim and McCoy, obviously, but for their well-deserved vacations. Because of who he was as a person, however, there was still a small part of him left in doubt. It had been so long since their last shore leave, McCoy was actually worried the crew may have forgotten how to do it; how to be...normal, functioning, real-life people outside of the job. McCoy didn’t remember the last time he had introduced himself without adding his rank and posting at the end. In fact, the only way he’d been comfortable with the idea of leaving the ship at all is that he’d be allowed to sign out a small med kit to take with him. He wouldn’t need it, though, right? The city they were staying in had plenty of hospitals and doctors. They had plenty of people in charge without Jim budding in as well, for that matter. They had engineers and pilots and physicists and botanists so the crew could proverbially delist for a few days.Right?The week before they were set to land, when McCoy had asked Jim “This’ll be fun, right?” Jim had rolled his eyes, smiled, and said “It’s going to be great, Bones.”They prove quite famous last words because what else was fucking new. +“So I’m sittin’ in the stall, trying not to puke. I’m hyperventilating and I’m 65% sure I’m gonna pass out,” McCoy explained, leaning closer to Sulu and Scotty so they could hear him over the noise of the bar. He pauses to take a drink. “Then the co-pilot comes in and practically drags me out by my ear. She’s trying to get me to calm down and I’m out of mind, so I’m yelling right back at her. In front of all the new cadets. Ask Uhura or Hendorff, they’ll tell ya. So she eventually gets me to—oh, speak of the devil.”All three of them look up as Jim pushed through the last of the crowd to get to their table in the back.“Sorry, sorry, I got held up going with the sign off,” he said, sliding into the booth. McCoy handed over the beer they had waiting for him, getting a bright smile and a kiss in thanks.“Were your ears burnin’?” McCoy asked. “We were just talking about the shuttle ride from Riverside.”Jim snorted into his beer. “Where you threw up on me?”“I also threw up on myself, so,” McCoy shrugged. He turned back to Sulu and Scotty. “So she sits me down next to Jim. Now I know I looked like a mess—”“You weren’t a mess, you were half drunk out of your mind. There’s a difference.”McCoy kicked Jim under the table. But a light kick. Because love.“Now I know I looked like a mess, but Jim’s covered in blood. He’s bruised to all holy hell. I remember thinking ‘at least I don’t look like that guy.’”“And I remember thinking the exact same thing about you, Bones.”“You wish you looked like me.”“Whatever.”“And anyways, I threw up on him,” McCoy smiled. “But not before telling him all the ways we could die on the shuttle.”“He had me at ‘Andorian shingles,’” Jim said, putting a hand to his chest and leaning back against McCoy.“No offense, laddies,” Scotty cut in, taking a drink from his glass. “But that is a horrible story. Couple stories are supposed to be romantic and what not. This was the exact opposite of that.”“I love it,” McCoy smirked. Jim beamed and grabbed his hand under the table.“You disgust me,” Scotty laughed. He threw his arm around Sulu next to him and raised a glass.“To being young, single men,” he cheered.Sulu pulled out of Scotty’s reach immediately.“Don’t put that curse on me,” he deadpanned. Scotty looked at him with utter betrayal.“That hurts, Sulu,” he said. “That hurts.”Sulu took a deliberate drink of his beer.“By the way,” Jim said with a sudden rush. “I told Spock to join us. Uhura is going out dancing and I didn’t want him to be stick at the hotel.” As soon as McCoy opened his mouth to let Jim know exactly how he felt about this new development Jim spoke over him. “I’m only telling you this now because he just walked through the door and I need you to try and be chill about this okay I love you please don’t kill him Spock! You made it!”McCoy quickly dropped his frown as Spock appeared at Jim’s elbow.“Captain,” he said smoothly, with a tip of his head in their direction. “Doctor.”McCoy raised his glass. “Spock. Pull up a seat.”Jim squeezed in close to McCoy so Spock could sit next to him, pushing McCoy uncomfortable close to the wall. Jim shot him an apologetic smile.The table lapsed into silence as Spock looked around serenely.“We were just talking about love,” Scotty said, breaking the awkwardness the only way he knew how—by making it more awkward.“Oh,” Spock said.“Well were talking about how the Captain and Dr. McCoy met,” Sulu added. “We’d never heard the story.”“I remember it,” Spock said, looking at McCoy. “From the incident in the elevator.”“Oh yeah,” McCoy laughed. “I’d almost forgotten about that. Remember when Spock and I got stuck in the elevator and it took you five goddamn hours to get us out?”“We thought we’d open the doors to find you guys had murdered each other,” Scotty said, almost wistful.“It took you a week to get you to use the turbolift again,” Jim nodded. “You used the Jefferies Tubes to get everywhere until you ripped your pants right up the ass trying to get up the ladder.”
“Jim, goddammit! You told me you’d never tell anyone that!”
McCoy glared deeply at Jim as the others laughed around them. Even Spock looked amused, in his own way. Astounding. McCoy watched him look around the table, almost furtively.“Would you like to hear how Lieutenant Uhura and I met? I believe it is a better story than Dr. McCoy’s and the captain’s.”The laughter drained from Sulu, Scotty, and Jim’s faces as they turned slowly to Spock, open-mouthed. McCoy just smirked.Spock straightened his back against the booth.“Her second year at the academy,” he said. “Lieutenant Uhura tested out of all advanced Vulcan language courses. Her scores were impressive. So much so, that the administration assigned her to be my teaching assistant in the introductory course. Her gift for language stood out to me. She approached the subject very critically, very precise. Our courtship seemed logical.”He looked around the table calmly.“You...you fucked your TA?” Jim said slowly.“Holy shit,” Sulu added.“Oh my god,” Scotty finished.“Put crudely, I suppose,” Spock said. “Though I would not let Lieutenant Uhura hear you phrase the beginning of our relationship as such.”There was a pause, a 30 second break of silence around the table. Then everyone lost it. Their laughter was loud enough to drown out the sound of the crowded bar. Jim was leaning on McCoy for support, Scotty kept slapping the table, and Sulu had actual tears running down his face. Spock watched them all with a smug look.“I think this calls for another round, gentlemen,” Scotty pushed off the vinyl booth, still giggling.“Surprise us,” Sulu said, wiping his eyes.  “Spock?” Scotty asked with a smirk.“No thank you, Mr. Scott. I do not drink.”“Ever?” Scotty asked.Spock shook his head. “The effect of alcohol on Vulcan physiology...pronounced. I have never had the inclination.”“Wait wait wait,” Jim leaned forward. “So you can actually get drunk?”“Yes,” Spock said. “All Vulcans possess the capability, though their tolerance is much higher than that of a human. Logic would suggest that I would fall somewhere in between the two.”Jim looked around at the other three deliberately until he caught McCoy’s eye. A whole conversation passed between them, a grin slowly breaking out on Jim’s face as McCoy finally gave him a look that said fine, but whatever happens is on you.Jim threw his arm around Spock, leaning in close.“Spock, buddy, hear me out on this...”  +  When McCoy woke up, he knew immediately something had gone terribly, terribly wrong.To begin with, he was dying.His head pounded in time with his heartbeat, rattling his eyes and boiling his blood. He tried to curl his body inward, instinctively feeling as though the fetal position might protect him. The attack, he processed slowly, wasn’t external, as the pain only worsened with every movement he made. He breathed in and out as slowly as he could. He dimly became aware of a person being on the bed beside him. They shifted, causing the entire bed to shake and McCoy to clench his eyes tightly.Slowly, ever so slowly, McCoy rolled over in the bed. His face hit solid chest. He burrowed in, needing the stability to orient himself.“Jim,” he croaked, reaching an arm out to pull Jim closer by his waist. “Jim ‘m dying.”Jim shifted against him.“Uhhhhhh Dr. McCoy?”McCoy snapped his eyes open. “Sulu?”He and Sulu both jerked away from each other as soon as they locked eyes. McCoy’s balance was off, however, and he ended up rolling completely off the bed.“FUCK,” he groaned, grabbing his head. “Fuck fuck fuck.”“Please stop yelling,” Sulu groaned. “I will throw up.”McCoy’s stomach rolled painfully. “Oh god.”He laid as still as he could on the floor, his back on the carpet, trying to simply breathe. Okay, okay, okay. He needed to take stock. After a minute of calming his stomach down, he felt safe enough to (slowly) open his eyes. Luckily the shades were pulled tight across the window or else he probably would have cried. Still, even the bare light that came in at the edges caused him to wince. He looked around slowly. Oh shit. He’d thought they’d must have been back at the hotel, in one of their rooms. But, this room was completely unfamiliar, ringing zero bells in McCoy’s aching head. It was dingy and musty, the entire room painted a dull mustard color. Starfleet would never allow its flagship crew to stay in a place as sketchy as this.  “Where the hell are we?” Sulu asked above him, apparently going through the same process as McCoy.“I have no idea.”He had no memory of this room. He tried thinking back to last night, to grasp at any thread, only to get vague impressions and flashes here and there. His memories where loud, but non-linear. It was like a painting in the rain, bleeding together into a dizzying mess. He winced again and then spied a cup sitting on the floor not far from him. It was bright yellow with a cartoon on the side of a starship, with pizza in place of the saucer. “Flying Pie Pizzeria” was written in sprawling font. McCoy eyed the inside liquid and, seeing it was clear, grabbed it and took a drink. It was, from what he could tell, water. He finished it.“Do you remember how we got here?” he asked. Sulu was silent for a minute.“No?”“Jesus Christ,” McCoy mumbled, throwing his arm over his eyes.“Where’s everyone else?”“Dead, probably,” McCoy said, only half sarcastic.“I don’t want to be alive,” Sulu said quietly.“Yeah.”They sat in silence for a few moments before a very muffled voice suddenly spoke next to McCoy’s head.“Oh god,” it groaned.McCoy jumped, instinctively sliding back from the voice. “What the fuck?”“Shhhhh,” the voice said.McCoy managed to squint at the bed. Crammed under the bed, hidden from the light of the room, was Scotty.“Scotty,” McCoy sighed. “Thank God, you’re alive.”“Shut up,” Scotty snapped back. “M’head’s gonna explode.”“Is Jim under there with you?” McCoy whispered.He watched Scotty feel around in the darkness beside. “No.”“Shit.”Despite the fact that he wanted nothing more than to lie there the rest of his life, McCoy very slowly sat up. He took stock of the room again. Sulu was on the bed, face down in the pillow. Scotty was under the bed. No Spock, no Jim. He eyed the closed bathroom door.“Fuck,” he said, very gingerly pushing himself to stand. He stumbled against the bed, causing both Sulu and Scotty to groan in protest. He turned the handle and pushed in.It was empty.“Dammit, Jim.”He let his head drop forward, hanging uselessly. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the light bounce off a metal handle. Shit. A balcony.He stumbled across the room as fast he could, reaching for the handle and yanking it open. His head exploded as the sun hit him and he had to cover his eyes as best he could. He blinked a few times before he could finally see. Jim was sprawled in one of the deck chairs.“Jim,” McCoy said, walking over to him. He crouched down. Jim had a splotchy bruise across this right cheek that dripped across his eye. Grabbing his hands in his, McCoy could make out bruising along the knuckles, along with a few shallow cuts. But he was breathing.“Jim. Jim, wake up,” he said, grabbing Jim’s face roughly. “Tell me you aren’t dead.”Jim jerked out of McCoy’s grasp. “Sto’it.”“Thank god,” McCoy sighed and sat down on the ground.Jim’s face scrunched up and he whispered “Bones...am I dying?”“No. Maybe. I don’t know,” McCoy said, rubbing his eyes.  “Can we go inside now?”“Are we not inside?” Jim asked, opening his non-swollen eye before closing it immediately. “What the fuck what the fuck what the fuck.”“Come on,” McCoy said, heaving himself up. He grabbed Jim by the wrist. “On the count of three. One, two, three.”Jim was practically dead weight but McCoy managed to drag him back through the glass doors and into the room. He pushed him until the fell onto the bed next to Sulu.“Captain?”“Sulu?”“I didn’t sleep with Dr. McCoy, I swear.”Jim snapped open his eyes. “What?”“I woke up next to Sulu. I don’t think we had sex,” McCoy explained.“Oh good,” Jim snapped, glaring up at him. “Now I feel better.”“Please, could ya not?” Scotty called out to them.Jim looked around the room as best he could from his spot on the bed. “Scotty?”“Under the bed,” McCoy sighed, easing himself down the wall until he could sit on the floor. He dropped his head into his hands.“Where’s Spock?”McCoy shrugged. “I have no idea.”“Shit,” Jim groaned. He paused. “What the fuck happened last night?”“I can’t remember,” McCoy said.“Yeah,” Jim said. “Me neither.”“We,” Sulu started. “We were at the bar.”“With Spock,” McCoy nodded.“Drinking. A lot,” Jim said.“Are we...hungover?” Sulu asked. McCoy looked up.“Sulu,” he said quietly. “Look me in the eye right now.”Sulu and Jim both turned as best they could until they could see McCoy leaning against the wall.“This,” he said. “Is not an earth hangover. No man-mad alcohol could have done this. This is...this is ungodly.”“Alien,” Jim corrected.McCoy’s stomach clenched. He groaned, wrapping his arms around himself.“I’m gonna puke,” he managed through clenched teeth. “Or pass out. Or die.”“Can’t you fix this?” Sulu asked.“If I had my kit. Which I don’t. I don’t see any of our stuff here. Wherever here is.”“We have to find Spock,” Jim cut in. “We have to call someone.”“Who, Jim? The Enterprise? No one’s home, remember?”“I don’t know! Uhura then.”“Hi Nyota, it’s Leonard,” McCoy mocked. “We got your soul mate shit faced on alien devil liquor and now he’s missing, might even be dead. Can you come pick us up? Thanks.”“Well at least I’m trying to come up with ideas, Bones!”“They don’t count as ideas if they’re bad, Jim. Sort of like how it was your idea to get a Vulcan drunk.”“Well you allowed it to happen, Dr. Righteousness. And least I didn’t fuck Sulu.”“Jesus Christ, I didn’t have sex with Sulu. How could you even think that?”“You said you probably didn’t sleep with him. Probably, Bones! Now you’re changing your story.”“No matter how drunk I was, I would never sleep with Sulu,” McCoy turned to Sulu. “No offense.”“You don’t think I know that?” Jim asked, scandalized.McCoy threw up his arms. “Then why the hell are we fighting about this?”“Because it makes me feel better about Spock missing.”McCoy was so livid his words got stuck. He stumbled up from his spot on the floor to jump on Jim, who lets out a high-pitched yell and covered his face.“STOP BONES I’M GOING TO PUKE.”McCoy pinched Jim’s arm one more time before rolling off him. He situated himself on the bed and stared miserably at the ceiling. Due to the fact that Scotty had remained silent throughout the whole affair, McCoy could only assume he was dead.“What if we just...go find him?”Jim and McCoy both looked at Sulu.“We go to the bar,” he said. “That’s the last place we for sure remember him, right? We start there, ask around.”McCoy and Jim met each other’s eyes, pausing a few seconds before McCoy shrugged.“Let’s go,” Jim agreed. “Bones knows how to get us there.”McCoy raised a miserable eyebrow.“Don’t eyebrow me,” Jim groaned. “I know for a fact you spent the last month memorizing the entire map of this town, you paranoid harpy.”“You’re assuming we’re still even in the right town. We could be on a different planet for all any of us remember.”“No way to find out unless we get out of this room.”There was silence for a minute as all of them processed the amount of effort that would actually entail. McCoy groaned.He looked sadly at Jim, speaking lowly so the others probably wouldn’t hear.“Remember how nice our vacation was going to be?”“We still have time,” Jim said, his eyes still closed. “We’ll find Spock and then go back to the hotel and I promise you we won’t have to leave again.”Then he opened his good eye and smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry I got in a fight with you just to hide my crippling panic over Spock.”“I’m sorry I fucked Sulu.”
“Bones.”
“Alright, I’m sorry I let you goad me into a fight. Better?”Jim nodded.“I guess let’s do this, then,” McCoy growled, hauling himself up to stand. He squinted down at Sulu and Jim. “I call not dragging Scotty out.”They both groaned.  + It took them twenty minutes, but they finally got Scotty out from under the bed. He looked in worse shape than the rest of them, which was actually fucking saying a lot. He’d looked around at them all before immediately throwing up on the floor, covering Jim’s shoes.
“Ah god. I’m real sorry, Captain.”

“Why does this always happen to me?”
After searching the room top to bottom, they concluded three things 1) Scotty was disgusting, 2) the hotel was in fact located in the town the Enterprise crew had been dropped in and 3) between the four of them, they had nothing but the clothes they were wearing. Though, Jim didn’t even really have that now. No communicators, no wallets, no tricorders, no med kits, no glaring clues from last night that they could use to piece together exactly what the fuck happened. They all agreed that they had been drinking at the bar. With Spock.
“I...I remember running?” Scotty said.

“Where?”

Scotty shrugged helplessly.
Finally, finally, they’d managed to leave the room. Walking into the lobby, they’d fanned out into a single line. Like a phalanx of bad decisions; a chorus line of misery. Jim kept close to McCoy, occasionally reaching out and squeezing his hand. McCoy wasn’t sure which of them he was trying to reassure, but he wasn’t going to complain. Jim was barefoot, bruised, and distressed, while McCoy was just regular ol’ distressed.One man sat behind the desk at the hotel entrance, looking as unwanted and unpleasant as the hotel décor. It added to the impression that the place was nothing more than a very unimaginative metaphor. As soon as his eyes looked up at them, he smiled.“Dr. Bones!” he yelled, leaning over the counter and waving at them. “Dr. Bones!”McCoy instinctively looked around them, as if the man could possibly be talking to someone else.“Bones, he means you.”“No shit, Jim.”McCoy gave the man a very quick wave back, doing his best grimacy smile before walking over there. The man reached out and grabbed his hand before McCoy had a chance to react, shaking it excitedly.“It’s actually Dr. McCoy,” McCoy said. The man frowned.“That’s not what you told me last night,” he said.McCoy looked at the others.“We saw you last night?”“You don’t remember?” the man asked, looking almost crestfallen.“Uh, not really,” McCoy said. “We were slightly...drunk.”“Oh.”“Yeah,” McCoy said. He leaned on the counter. “Maybe you can help us, uh, fill in the details?”“Like?”“Anything,” McCoy sighed. “Anything at all.”The guy looked at them with a suspicious smile, like he was worried they were fucking with him.“Uh, well. You got here at 3 am,” he said. “You were—you really don’t remember this?”They all shook their heads. Expect for Scotty, you had somehow managed to slide to the floor during the conversation. He was leaning against the desk with his eyes closed, probably asleep. Possibly dead.“You saved Teasha’s life, Dr. Bones.”McCoy’s eyes widened. “What?”The clerk nodded, looking...proud?“She was out here with me last night. You were very adamant you stich her up. Actual stiches! I couldn’t believe it. I didn’t even think they made those any—”McCoy held up his hand and the guy stuttered to a stop.“Excuse me,” he said, taking a deep breath. He stepped back from the counter, slipping out of Jim’s hand, past Sulu’s wide-eyed stare, away from all of them. He took deep, calming breaths as evenly as he could, before walking over to the nearest trashcan and throwing up. Twice.“Uh...is Teasha here now? Can Dr. Bones see her? Immediately? As soon as possible? Right now?” McCoy heard Jim step in and ask the clerk.“Oh for sure! She’ll love it. She’s getting back to her old self now that she’s better. All thanks to you!” the clerk said brightly. McCoy gripped the edge of the trashcan tightly. McCoy watched him duck back behind the counter, to the office off to the side.“Bones,” Jim said, walking over to grab McCoy by the shoulders. “Bones.”McCoy reached up to hold onto Jim by the wrists. “Jim I...I practiced medicine while drunk. I could lose my license. I could go to jail.”“It’s going to be okay.”“I can’t be your cmo anymore, Jim.”“That’s not going to happen and you know it.”McCoy was gripping Jim’s wrists as tight as he could. “Jim.”The back office door swung back open. “I told you Dr. Bones would come back to see you!”Jim and McCoy looked up.The clerk had returned.Holding a dog.A small dog.A small, black and white dog with a white bandage wrapped up and down its ridiculous paw. It blinked up at them serenely.Jim stared critically at the dog.“This,” he said quietly. “Is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. Sulu, comment?”Sulu reached out tentatively to pet the dog. “You’re a hero, Dr. Bones.”“I want to go home now,” McCoy said. He rubbed his eyes as he leaned on the counter. Teasha was a dog. He hadn’t operated on a human being drunk. While fixing the dog was kind of a dick move, at least it wasn’t illegal.Jim had joined in to pet Teasha and looked back at him. “Spock first, then home.”Oh god. In his panic of the last few minutes, he’d completely forgotten about the fact that Spock still was missing. Spock, whose fault this technically all was. Spock, who had ruined what should have been Jim and McCoy’s first day of vacation by rubbing his ghostly fingers all over their drinking night.“Is there anything else you can tell us about last night,” Sulu said, talking over McCoy. “You said we got here at 3?”The guy nodded. “Yeah, maybe a little after. He was bleeding.”He pointed at Jim.“Which is when you told me you were a doctor,” he said. “You spent about 20 minutes with Teasha while they—” he pointed to the other three “—ate pizza.”And McCoy suddenly remembered the cup he’d seen in their room this morning. He turned away from Scotty back to the clerk.“Flying Pie?” he asked.“Yeah!” the guy said brightly.“Is it nearby?”The clerk shrugged. “Few blocks.”McCoy let his chin drop to his chest with a sigh. He turned and looked at Jim. They were getting pretty good at the silent communication schtick. So Jim knew that the look meant we have to go back there, don’t we. McCoy really wanted to go back to the bar. That was the last place here remembered being, the last save point, so he wanted to retreat there. But Jim’s sad smile meant yeah we do. McCoy’s raised eyebrows said but what if we didn’t and the way Jim patted his shoulder was his way of saying tough luck, champ.Jim reached up to poke gingerly at his swollen face and McCoy smacked his hand down in a way that needed no explanation.“Fantastic,” McCoy said instead, helping Sulu pull Scotty to his feet. He dusted off the Scotsman, then himself, all while purposefully turning his back to the hotel owner.“I’m sure am sorry about all the trouble,” the clerk said anyway. “I really do appreciate it, Dr. Bones.”“Don’t mention it,” McCoy growled as they walked towards the glass front doors. “Seriously. Tell no one about this.”“I went ahead and took care of your guy’s room! On the house, as a thanks,” the guy yelled after them. “I hope you guys find whatever it is you’re looking for.”“I don’t.”“Bones, goddammit.”  + They ended up walking the entire way, because McCoy was petty like that. But mainly, it was due to the fact that he refused to get in any form of public transportation. He called it his “I know how diseases spread” policy. Jim, mindful of the fact that McCoy was having a bit of a rough day, had said nothing. The guy was right, the pizza place was only a few blocks away, according to the console map of the city center they passed. Though they hadn’t expected to find Spock passed out along the sidewalks of the route, they kept themselves cautious.McCoy hadn’t been lying when he’d told Sulu that this wasn’t a hangover because A) during the brief 6-month period after leaving Georgia, he’d been every single level of drunk imaginable. He knew what black out drunk was. This was not that. This was next level trashed. And B) on his good days, he was a Starfleet doctor—and on his bad days he apparently was a half decent veterinarian. No amount of man-made alcohol would cause such an alarming loss of control, this utter and complete blackness in terms of memory. This was a sick joke, an accident, or a robbery. Jim had clearly been in some sort of fight and all their stuff was missing, including wallets and comms and even their Vulcan.
“Who would steal Spock?”

“I don’t know, Jim. Who would consciously choose to be friends with him?”
Eventually, they made it. They were sunburnt to shit, tired as hell, but at least they’d been spared having to ride in any cesspool masked as a city vehicle. Small mercies, McCoy guessed. The pizza place, like the motel, was insultingly generic. It didn’t look old, but it wasn’t streamlined like most chains would be. It had the same cartoon pizza starship projected on the front doors that had been on the cup in the room. The sign on the window said closed.“Oh that’s a bummer. Anyways,” McCoy said, turning back the way they’d came. Jim grabbed him by his wrist and turned him around.“The lights are on,” he pointed out. And the door unlocked, apparently. As Sulu went to knock to get the attention of someone inside, it swung open. Sulu looked back at Jim.“Captain, after you,” he said, gesturing grandly.Jim rolled his eyes but pushed past Scotty and Sulu and walked right through the door while the other three followed much more cautiously. The lights were indeed on and it took a beat for their eyes to adjust. The place was painted with bright neon accents that was murder on their eyes. Was it that weird that he expected Spock to be waiting for them? After they day they’d had? Really? Either way, he wasn’t. The booths and tables around the place were empty.“Hello?” Sulu called.No answer.He turned back to the other three. “I don’t think anyone’s—"
“You.”
The four of them turned.Just in time to see a man come barreling out from behind the counter and making a running sprint towards Jim.“Have we met?” Jim asked in a rush, finishing in a yelp as the man tackled him around the waist. Jim hit the ground hard and the guy got a good left hook in before the other three could even react.
“Son of a bitch.”
McCoy still hadn’t really processed what was happening before he was throwing himself after the guy to get him off Jim. Sulu and Scotty hadn’t hesitated either. The guy swung back to take another hit at Jim but his elbow hit Scotty right in the nose. He stumbled back and fell into one of the tables, upsetting it and sending it (and him) crashing to the ground.Jim took the opportunity to land a blow to the man’s chest. It distracted him enough that Sulu managed to get his arms around the guy’s pits and haul him off Jim.The guy gave a backwards kick that caught Sulu’s knee at an odd angle, forcing him to reflexively flinch and let go. The man got one step away from Sulu before McCoy was there, blocking his path back to Jim.“Easy there big guy,” McCoy said, holding his hands wide to get the man to stop for a second. “Just take it eas—”McCoy’s words cut out the guy hadn’t hesitated to headbutt him. McCoy was blinded by the hit. It echoed around his skull and set his teeth on edge. The only thing that pulled him out of it was the sting of his lip splitting open. It was different enough from the all-encompassing throb that was currently reverberating through his senses that it cleared his vision. When he blinked, he suddenly felt his feet leaving the floor.“Sulu!” he yelped, just before the guy slammed him onto the surface of one of the tables. He gasped, trying to breathe as he blurrily saw the guy raise a fist.But then Sulu was there, stumbling into McCoy’s peripheral vision to tackle the guy. The man kept swinging, catching Sulu along the jaw. Sulu rolled with it, managing to grab the guy’s arm and twisting. The forward momentum of the man’s own weight sent him crashing to the ground where Sulu managed to pin him with a knee between his shoulders.For a second, McCoy just breathed.He let his eyes slide to the ceiling as he felt his nerves sigh. He could hear the guy breathing hard, but Sulu held strong as the restaurant settled around them. In that moment, McCoy’s life flashed before his eyes. Not in a sense of finality, but instead, his mind searched for answers. Exactly what decision had led to this day? What had triggered the origins of this parallel universe? Was it a curse? No, it must have been hubris. Somewhere in his life, he had been too prideful and had angered the cosmic forces. As punishment, they’d made him turn left instead of right or have orange juice instead of apple juice or whatever tiny move that had set him along this path. The path that ended here, in this moment, getting his ass kicked in the middle of a pizza franchise.  With a heave, McCoy slipped off the table to stumble back to Jim, who was still laying on the floor. McCoy’s hands instantly went to Jim’s face, checking it over silently. The guy’s initial punch had hit across Jim’s other cheekbone. So at least now his bruises would be symmetrical.“Alright?”Jim groaned as he wrapped his arms around his ribs.“Mother fucker,” he wheezed, squeezing his eyes shut. “I think he broke a rib.”McCoy looked back at the guy, who had stopped struggling and was now just glaring across the floor at Jim and McCoy. Judging by the sharp bent of the dorsum, the guy had a broken nose. Clearly not from this fight, as the bruises were too developed. He also appeared to be missing a tooth. McCoy put his hand on Jim’s shoulder.“I have a feeling you deserved it, Jim.”
“What the fuck?”
McCoy and Sulu both turned. Another man was standing behind the counter, looking dismayed at the scene. Upon further inspection, McCoy realized he was identical to their attacker. He was missing the broken nose and bruises though. The guy was coming out from around the counter and McCoy instinctively braced himself. Sulu was still holding down the one man and Scotty was still off in the corner cursing up a blue streak while his nose bled, leaving McCoy the only person left to defend against their new attacker.But the guy wasn’t running towards Jim with anger. Instead, he was rushing over to Sulu.“Richard, you jackass,” he sighed, looking down at the guy with his hands on his hips.He looked between Sulu and McCoy.“I’m so, so sorry about him.”Jim let his head fall back against the floor.“It’s cool,” he sighed.+ It turned out that Jim did deserve the bruised ribs and black eye.Once the Very Angry Gentlemen™ (Richard) had calmed down enough, Sulu had let him get up from the floor. The brother (whose name they learned was Keith) had gotten a pitcher of water for everyone while McCoy had looked over Scotty and Jim to make sure they weren’t dying. Still without a kit, the best he could do for Scotty’s broken nose was to shove a wad of napkins against his face to stop the bleeding. Keith had also been nice enough to give him some small bags to fill with ice from the soda machine. Sulu was holding his to his right knee, Scotty to his nose above the napkins, McCoy to his jaw, and Jim was doing his best to hold his in a way that could cover his entire patchily swollen face. They were four of the fleet’s top trained officers and they had all just lost a four-against-one fight with a civilian. Outstanding.Sulu had just finished explaining the gaps in their memories when Jim finally felt stable enough to open his eyes. He let the ice pack slide off his face as he squinted suspiciously.“Did you poison us, Keith?”Keith laughed as he poured everyone a glass of water.“No, you guys were already gone by the time you got here,” he said. “I thought you were just drunk.”“Is that why he hit me?” Jim asked, pointing at his brother.“You started it,” Richard growled. For half a second, McCoy thought the guy was going to dive across the table. Instead, though, he was just getting up to head back to the kitchen. Stomping the whole way. Jim watched him go before turning back to Keith.“Did I?”“You did, yeah,” Keith agreed. “But it was a misunderstanding. Our cash register broke.”“Right,” Jim said slowly. McCoy rolled his eyes.“And he,” Keith pointed to Scotty “offered to help me fix it.”Keith jabbed a thumb at the kitchens behind them.“Rich thought you guys were trying to rob us. He must have spooked you because you started throwing punches. But hey, you fixed the cash register.”Keith smiled brightly.McCoy let his head fall back against the wooden booth. Then he did it again. And again. And again.“Unbelievable,” he said.“It was just the four of us?” Jim asked, his voice raised to be heard over the thump thump thump of McCoy’s head hitting oak.Keith nodded.“Swing and miss, Jimmy,” McCoy said darkly.Jim gave him a sharp look. It was undercut by the fact his right eye was still swollen shut. The bruise had begun to blossom out on his left cheek and McCoy found that he didn’t actually care. Well obviously he did, but it was a little bit more buried than usual. The waves of pain rolling along his own face made it hard to muster sympathy.“I really appreciate you guys helping fix our computer,” Keith offered.“You’re welcome,” Scotty said from beneath his napkins.“I can give you guys a ride somewhere, if you’d like,” Keith said. “It’s the least I could do.”“That’d be great, actually,” McCoy said. He’d let Jim have this one. “We could use a ride back to the bar.”Keith hopped out of the booth to grab his stuff and the four of them dropped the last vestiges of presentability they had as soon as he was out of sight. Sulu groaned as he popped his back and Jim let his head fall onto McCoy’s shoulder.They were on vacation. That’s what McCoy’s thoughts kept coming back to. They were real-life grown-up people on vacation. He wasn’t supposed to be mad at Jim right now. He shouldn’t be checking over Sulu’s knee or Scotty’ nose. He hadn’t even intended on seeing any crewmen the entire time they were here. It was supposed to be him and Jim and four days of rest, relaxation, and stupidly expensive room service. They were on vacation.And yet.McCoy sighed.“This is exactly what I was worried about, Jim.”“You were worried I’d get in a fight with a pizza delivery man?”“I was worried we’d forgot how to be off duty,” McCoy said. “And apparently we did. We got shit faced and what is our first instincts? To do our jobs. I tried to see a patient, Scotty fixed a computer, you started a fight.”McCoy eyed Sulu carefully.“Next we’re going to find out Sulu fucked a plant.”Any other day, Sulu probably would have had a quippy retort. A side effect of interacting with the same people day in and day out on a starship is that you fall into a repartee whether you like it or not. Your interactions can become second nature; a strike-counterstrike of jokes and insults traded between crewmen and before you know it, your life is nothing but banter. It wasn’t mean, it was just how they got through the day. But because it was this particular day, this moment that they were living in, Sulu didn’t snap back. Maybe he was too tired to come up with something or too annoyed to play the game. Either way, what he did instead was think about McCoy’s comment for a beat before starting to laugh.And then Jim snorted on McCoy’s shoulder and started laughing too. Then Scotty, muffled as he continued to hold his nose still.“God, this is the worst day of my life,” Sulu hiccupped.McCoy closed his eyes. He wasn’t laughing but he did smirk. This wasn’t even close to the worst day of his life. But it was the most ridiculous. Which in some ways made it all the more worse.  +  Keith managed to return them to the scene of the crime. And it was just... a bar. Just a regular old bar that sat in the middle of a city block. They thanked him, he apologized for his brother, and he drove off. McCoy was comforted by the fact that he would never see the man again in his life.As they stepped closer to the bar doors, McCoy threw his arm out to stop the other three.“When we get in there, I’m calling Uhura.”“Bones—"“I’m tired,” McCoy pressed on. “I’m bleeding. I’m hungry. We’re going to talk to the bartender and see if he can help us. And then somehow we are calling Nyota. Okay?”Jim was still holding the ice pack to his cheekbone but still managed to us his one good eye to convey how much he didn’t like that plan. But he said nothing.“Alright,” McCoy said.As Sulu reached for the doors, however, they swung open.
“Oh thank Christ.”
McCoy would recognize the sound of that specific mix of relief, annoyance, and threat anywhere.“Christine?”Christine was standing in the door, looking spittin’ mad. McCoy had two seconds to process the fact that this was the first time he’d seen her outside of uniform before she was jumping at him in a running hug. On instinct alone he managed to wrap his arms around her. She held on tightly.“I was so worried,” she said into his shoulder before letting go. She looked him up and down. Apparently satisfied with what she saw, she grabbed at Jim next, then Sulu and Scotty, pulling them into a giant clusterfuck of a group hug.“What are you doing here?” McCoy asked.Christine let the other three go solely, it seemed, to put her hands on her hips.“Looking for you jackasses,” she said. “Half the ship is out looking for you. I had to stay here to look after Spock.”McCoy felt Jim immediately sag against his side at the same time as McCoy sighed with unexpected relief.“Spock’s here?” Sulu said.“He’s alive?” Scotty said, at the same time.“Oh he’s alive alright. I just don’t think he’s happy about it,” Christine said. The words were joking but her face was not. She apparently gotten over her relief at seeing them because now she had settled back to annoyance. She pointed to the corner booth. “Go check on him while I call off the goddamn search parties.”Spock’s head was resting on the table as they walked cautiously up to him. He looked up and McCoy immediately felt...guilty, actual genuine guilt as he assessed Spock. Spock looked about as good as McCoy felt. The problem was, Spock’s usual prim and precise presence meant that whenever anything was slightly disheveled, the effect was heightened tenfold. He looked terrible and, more disconcerting, miserable. Spock didn’t do outward emotion. So McCoy was feeling guilty for the poor bastard. Even though, again, this was almost entirely his fault.“Spock,” Jim said quietly, sliding into the seat beside him. “You okay?”Spock looked up at them all, his mouth a grim line.“I am relieved to see you are alive,” he said instead of answering the question.“Likewise,” McCoy said, dropping onto the other side of the booth. He leaned his head down on the table. It was cold and probably riddled with VDs from the dark ages but he just needed a moment.And that’s all they said for a while.Sulu and Scotty fell asleep after a few minutes, heads fallen back against the vinyl of the booth headrest. Spock just stared straight ahead, like McCoy had seen war veterans look out at nothing. Jim’s head had dipped down to his chest, but he stayed awake. He kept blinking around at them all, like he was reassuring himself. McCoy caught his eye and tried to smile, but couldn’t quite get it right.Minutes, hours, days later, Christine was back. She stared down at them the same way she stared at patients: like loved them, but knew they weren’t to be trusted.“Nice pants,” McCoy said, for lack of anything better to break the ice. They were nice pants, he guessed. Christine put her hands on her hips.“Cut the shit, Leonard,” she said, low and taut. “Do you have any idea what I went through last night?”“Christine, we don’t even know what we went through.”“Alright,” she said, doing a quick pace up to the very edge of the table. “Alright. You better get your damn story straight before Nyota gets here.”“We don’t have a story!”“Exactly, Jim!” she laughed. “So let’s start from the beginning.”McCoy sighed, closing his eyes to try to remember last night.“Uhhhh...we were here?” Sulu said.“Drinking,” Scotty added, echoing the first time they’d had this conversation.“Spock showed up,” Jim frowned. “We thought it’d be fun to get him drunk.”“We must certainly did not, Jim,” McCoy snapped up from the table. “You did. Not us. Don’t put this evil on me.”“Okay, so it was 60% my idea.”“90%.”“80%.”McCoy raised an eyebrow. Jim sighed, locking eyes with him for a minute before turning to Christine.“It’s like 89.9% my fault, but I didn’t mean for...for all this—” Jim wildly gestured around the table. “—to happen. We were having fun! It was a guys’ night.”“Oh of course,” Christine said, throwing up her hands. “A guys’ night. Please tell me where, in the sacred text of masculine bonding, does it mention the need to poison each other?”“We didn’t poison each other! Wait did we?”Jim looked around the table.“Somebody did,” Christine snapped. “Spock has some sort of foreign toxin in his body that the scanner can’t identify. Based on the fact that you all look the same level of almost dead, I’m assuming you all ingested the same thing.”“Who the hell would drug us?” Sulu asked. “Please tell me we didn’t do this to ourselves.”“I like to think I have enough sanity in me not to buy drugs off a goddamn stranger in a bar,” McCoy said. He looked pointedly at Jim, who threw up his hands.“Jesus, Bones! I didn’t drug us.”McCoy shrugged, unfazed. He loved Jim, God help him, but he also knew that Jim was occasionally a colossal idiot who tended to fuck up as means of entertainment. He had criminal, medical, and academic records to prove such assessment.  McCoy wouldn’t apologize for being logical about who among the 5 seated suspects he was most suspicious about. He turned to Scotty.“Scotty?”Scotty thought long and hard for a moment before shaking his head.“No?” he said.“Great, so none of us did it. We’ve solved shit,” McCoy said, rolling his eyes. “Now you tell us what you know.”Christine shook her head darkly. She pointed behind her at the bar, where the bartender from last night was wiping down some glasses.“Owner of the bar calls Nyota last night at 2:30 from Spock’s comm, says that he’s got someone sitting on his floor that refuses to leave,” Christine told them. “Nyota gets here, finds Spock helping the bar tender clean the place.”McCoy knew Jim well enough to reach out and kick him under the table before he could laugh.“She thought he was drunk. He was yelling at her.”“I would never yell at Lieutenant Uhura,” Spock said quietly.“He was telling her and the bartender forcefully that he could not leave because, and this is a direct quote here, ‘the captain told me to wait here.’”“Awwww Spock, I r—”“Shut up, Jim,” Christine and McCoy snapped at the same time. They made awkward eye contact before McCoy looked back down at his hands.“Nyota calls me because she’s starting to think something might be wrong with Spock. So I get dragged out of bed at 3 in the morning to go perform medical treatment in some dive bar. On the first day of my vacation,” she added bitterly. “After we realized Spock had been drugged, we called in any crew member we could find to search for you. We thought you dead on the side of the street.”“Actually, it was a shitty motel on the other side of town,” Sulu pointed out. “Don’t know how we got there, though...”“Unbelievable,” Christine said, rubbing her eyes. “So you don’t remember abandoning Spock?”Jim scoffed. “I would never aba—”The door to the bar slammed open and Uhura stood silhouetted against the sun. She looked displeased. She was still wearing pajamas, the flannel pants tucked into her regulation boots. Her hair, naturally, was pulled back pristinely. She stopped beside Christine.“Start talking.”The table remained silent.“Now,” Uhura snapped. “Bones saved a dog’s life,” Jim said hastily.“I didn’t mean to,” McCoy sighed.“They don’t remember anything,” Christine said, throwing her arm out to stop Uhura from diving at them. “They don’t know how they got drugged or why they left Spock.”“We woke up in a hotel on the other side of town,” Scotty said, his arms up in surrender. “Without our stuff, without anything.”“We didn’t want to call you because we thought we might have killed Spock,” Jim said. “Which, okay, yeah, sounds pretty fucking stupid now that I say it out loud to your face. But in our defense, we were really, really, hungover.”Uhura gave a very tight, controlled sigh. She closed her eyes briefly.“Words cannot describe how angry I am at you right now,” she said quietly.Christine glared at them all to bring the point home.“What is the last thing you remember?”They all looked around at each other, hoping the others at the table would be able to remember something.“Uhhhhh...I remember Scotty going to get us another round?” Jim said.McCoy and Sulu nodded while Scotty scratched his head.“I...might remember doing that,” he said. “I talked to bartender, I think. He seemed nice.”“He is nice,” Christine said. “He let us stay here to wait for you, in case you came back.”“Does he know what happened?” McCoy asked.Uhura shook her head.“He said he turned around and guys were gone,” she said. “After having two drinks.”“That’s not what I said,” the bartender interrupted. He had apparently been listening the whole time. He set down his rag and the glass he’d been cleaning, walking over to them. He looked like every bartender of every dive bar McCoy had ever been to; gritty, bearded, and wearing flannel.“I said they had two rounds of Acamarian rum.”“What the fuck is Acamarian rum?” Jim asked.“Rum that is manufactured in Acamaria.”“Spock I fucking swear to God—.”“People tend to have a bad reaction to it,” the bartender. “That’s why I told him, but he wouldn’t listen.”They turned to Scotty, who had gone wide-eyed.“Now listen here,” he said. “This is an attack on my character. I would never do such a thing.”“This is exactly something you would do, Scotty,” Jim said.“Oh alright. I don’t remember doing it, but aye. I...can see how I might have done it.”“Jesus Christ, Scotty. We could have died.”“I didn’t know! I thought he was just messing around,” Scotty said, pointing at the bartender.“I don’t fuck around with Acamarian rum,” the guy said.“He doesn’t fuck around with Acamarian rum, Scotty,” McCoy said. “And you didn’t listen.”Scotty looked down at the table.“Alright, enough,” Jim said. “Scotty fucked up. Let’s move on.”“What happened after we had the rum?” McCoy asked. “Please tell me I didn’t try to provide medical advice to anyone.”“Uh no,” the bartender said. “You all just sort of started yelling.”“I do not yell,” Spock said.“Okay,” the bar tender said, frowning. “You were laughing, from what I could tell. Eventually you four left and left him here with your stuff.”“Did we say were we were going?” Sulu asked.“No, but you left a note.”“Are you serious?”The bar tender gave them a look. “No, I’m not. It wasn’t my job to look after you.”“Oh.”“Yeah,” the bartender said. “Are we good here?”“As good as we can be, I guess,” McCoy said. “Thanks for your help.”The guy nodded and walked away.“Okay, so at least we have the how,” McCoy said. “We’re still missing the ‘why the fuck did we go to a shitty motel after leaving here.’”“Which motel?” Uhura asked.“The Barrin Inn? I think?” Sulu said.Christine and Uhura simultaneously raised their eyebrows. It was quite impressive.“The Barrin Inn?” Christine asked.“Yeah.”“The Barrin Inn?” Uhura repeated.“Yes!” Jim said. “Why?”For the first time since she’d gotten here, Uhura stopped frowning. She was actually...smiling.“Jim,” she said. “The hotel the crew is staying at is the Barrington. You idiots just got lost.”There was a pause. A quick 10 seconds when they all looked around the table at each other. McCoy let his forehead fall forward onto the table. Again. And again. And again. + Later, when McCoy felt less inclined to quit Starfleet for the vindictive sake of never having to look at Jim, Spock, Sulu, and Scotty’s faces again, he did find humor in the situation. He forgave them all pretty easily, except for Scotty who could go die in a ditch somewhere for all that he cared.“You don’t mean that, Bones.”“I really do, Jim. I really do.”“You just said you found it funny. We were laughing about it!”“Funny in a reflective holy shit I can’t believe we survived that way. Scotty did this. It is his fault we had to survive anything. He can suck a dick.”The Barrington was actually a very nice hotel. It was everything the Barrin Inn was not. Most importantly, however, was the McCoy was looking forward to not leaving the room for the next 3 days, at least. He wanted to see and talk to no one, to stay in his pajamas, to eat terran-grown food, to sit beside Jim for hours on end; all the things he missed out on when they were on the ship.He heard Jim snort from the bathroom.McCoy pulled the blankets tighter, knowing damn well that as soon as Jim got into bed he was going to immediately attempt to steal them. They hadn’t bothered to eat or settle their stuff into the room. They’d made it back to the hotel, thanked the assorted crew members who had manned the search party for them, and headed for bed. Jim had allowed McCoy to check him over with the tricorder. Probably because he knew that McCoy would do it as soon as Jim was asleep. Instead, he’d volunteered. It was as close to sappy couple shit as they got.Jim shut off the lights and dropped onto the bed with an exaggerated sigh.“Agreed,” McCoy said. They’d had a day full of heavy sighs.Jim took ten full minutes to get comfortable in bed. It was one of the things McCoy had objectively known about Jim, since they’d shared an apartment, but had never experienced first-hand until they started sharing a bed. It was like Jim needed to test out every position possible before he would commit. For someone usually so annoyingly rash in making decisions, he treated going to bed like a diplomatic mission. Because he could, McCoy waited until Jim eventually settled down on his side before throwing out an arm and pulling him close.“Bones?”McCoy was already drifting off.“Hmm?”“For what it’s worth,” Jim said, his voice muffled against McCoy’s chest. “I think we’ll get better at it. At being real people.”McCoy smiled.“Me too, Jim.”



Chapter End Notes
Yeah, I know. This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever written. Sue me. I just moved halfway across the country for grad school and I needed a ridiculous chapter. Obviously, this is inspired by The Hangover but I also drew a lot from the Psych episode with the same premise. Anyways, thanks for reading! More structured/better written chapters to come.


Not Having a Bad Day
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“Bones!” 
One, two, three.
 He could hear Jim yelling. 
Four, five, six.
 “We have to leave!” 
Seven, eight, nine.
 He could feel the heat from the fire behind him, hitting the back of his neck. 
Ten, eleven, twelve.
 “Hendorf, take Sulu and get back to the ship. ” 
Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen.
 Time was alternating, shifting in between frames. When he looked down at Holbach, it was too slow. It was black and white and narrowed. He could only see his hands pushing down harder and harder on her chest. The blood was gray. The burns were black. His hands were white. 
Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen.
 “Bones, you have to move!” 
Nineteen, twenty, twenty-one.
 When he looked down the field, time was too fast. He couldn’t focus on the details; too many, too much. He knew Jim was there, hidden under a piece of the shuttle and firing off shots to keep the Klingons from advancing any further. There had been a team with him. With them, somewhere. Probably scattered around the field, taking cover under anything they could find. Except for the few who were with McCoy; the dead and dying.Frett was dead. Zhao was dead. Kehoe’s arm was gone, cut clean during the explosion. But he was breathing and had a pulse. So McCoy had tied it off the best he could and went back to work on Holbach, whose chest was torn open with a piece of the shuttle. “Come on,” McCoy whispered. “Come one, Holbach.” 
Twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four.
 “Bones, get out of there now.” “I can’t!” McCoy finally yelled back. “Holbach and Kehoe are down.” 
Twenty-five, twenty-six, twenty-seven.
 “Scotty’s going to beam us back, you have to get over here!” “Not without them!” 
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty.
 He looked over to Jim, bringing his point home before he stopped compressions in order to give Holbach a breath. Jim’s eyes were wide. “Bones, I’m sorry.”
 

One, two, three.
 “I’m not leaving them here,” McCoy yelled, wiping sweat on the shoulder of his uniform. “I can save them.” Jim took one last shot before sprinting across the field, pulling out his communicator in the same move. He slid to a halt in the dirt next to McCoy. “Bones, stop.” He grabbed McCoy’s arm. “No, Jim!” McCoy yelled, starting compressions again. Jim put his hands over McCoy’s on Holbach’s chest, stopping his movement. “Bones, she’s dead. We have to go now.” McCoy knocked Jim’s hands away. “No, I—I can do this.” Jim flipped open the communicator. “Scotty…” “No,” McCoy yelled, voice cracking. “Not yet.” “…two to beam up.” Jim closed the communicator. “Jim, no!” He grabbed McCoy’s hands again. Pulling them to his own chest until he could wrap his arms around McCoy’s shaking shoulders. “Bones, I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” “No, I can—” He blinked and his senses went out. He couldn’t feel the heat or smell the fire, he couldn’t feel the dirt underneath his knees, the blood on his hands. He just felt Jim holding on to him. He blinked again and he was on the transport pad. He pushed away from Jim. “Send me back!” he yelled, looking from Jim to Scotty. “Bones, they’re gone.” “No,” McCoy said, trying to push past Jim to get to the transport controls. “Not yet. They just need more time.” “Bones—” McCoy put more force into his shove. “Send me back.” Jim just held onto his arms tighter. “Bones, stop.” McCoy was panicking now, putting everything he had into getting out of Jim’s grip. He locked eyes with Scotty across the room. “Scotty, please. They have a chance.” “Their life signs were gone, Leonard,” Scotty said quietly. “That’s bullshit! That doesn’t mean anything! I just need more time.” He struggled against Jim’s arms wrapping around him. “Leonard.” McCoy gave one final push and Jim stumbled back. He was smart enough not to reach for McCoy again. “I’m sorry.” McCoy was breathing roughly. He could feel every pair of eyes in the room on him. “Let me go back,” he said to them. “No.” And that wasn’t Jim’s voice. That was Captain Kirk’s, giving an order to his CMO. An inarguable order. In an instant, it was gone. “Bones,” he whispered, taking a step forward. “Bones, you’re bleeding.” But it didn’t work like that. Not for McCoy. Jim couldn’t go from captain back to concerned lover that quickly. When Jim did try to reach for him again, McCoy took a step back. “Don’t touch me,” he growled, pulling his arm back. Jim had the decency to flinch at the words. He looked up at McCoy, eyes wide, and open his mouth to say something. “Don’t,” McCoy repeated. And walked out the door. He knew he’d made his point. Jim wouldn’t follow him. Hopefully no one would. He didn’t want to see anyone, have anyone see him. He had no idea where to go.  His hands were still shaking and he could barely get one foot in front of the other. He just needed… Time. He made into a room before his knees gave out; an empty lab the medical officers used occasionally. It was as close as he could stomach getting near Medbay. He gripped the edge of the nearest metal table as hard as he could, keeping himself upright. The wide, empty layout of the room echoed his own heavy wheezes back at him. He slammed his palms on the edge of the table. Once, twice, three times just to see if he could even feel the force. It was his go-to way of self-diagnosing how bad the next part was going to be. And when he couldn’t feel anything, he slid down to the floor, letting his head drop between his knees. The thing that a lot of people failed to grasp is that no matter how many times you have a panic attack, it never got any easier. It was not a skill to hone or something you could make bearable with enough resilience. Like a recurring nightmare; a familiar path through a place you’ve never been. And, unlike most other aspects of his life, being a doctor didn’t help. If anything, it made it worse. Rationally, he knew his lungs were getting oxygen, knew his heart wasn’t going to stop and if even if they were, he’d be able to cure it. But that didn’t stop his brain from shorting out with the raw panic. 
Frett.

 

Zhao.

 

Kehoe.

 

Holbach.
 The first time he’d lost a patient, he’d been an intern in Atlanta. Interns weren’t really supposed to be handling patients on their own. Especially not serious ones. But they didn’t know it was serious. He didn’t know. He thought it was the flu. Your average, everyday human flu. A simple fix with a hypo. But it wasn’t the flu and it wasn’t a simple fix. It wasn’t even human. It was from a planet he’d never even heard of, brought in by a race he’d never seen. That was his first time realizing how dangerous space could be. Forget about dying of a shuttle accident or on a starship. Picking up an alien pathogen the human immune system wasn’t equipped to handle was what was going to kill you. He’d stopped underestimating the final frontier after that. That had been a mistake, though. An error he, as an intern, was almost expected to make. Interns lost patients. It was shitty but part of the learning experience. It was just a mistake anyone could have made. This time wasn’t a mistake. He was doing everything right by the book—a book that he himself had written about what it took to be a doctor on the Enterprise. But he still failed. And felt just the same level of helpless panic he’d had when he was 24. Only it wasn’t one patient in Atlanta. It was four on a deserted planet, in the middle of a fire fight. 
Frett.

 

Zhao.

 

Kehoe.

 

Holbach.
 McCoy gripped his knees tighter. When he was 26, he’d killed his father. Because he’d asked him to—because he was sick and there wasn’t a cure. McCoy killed him because he was a good son. That’s what he told himself, anyway. That’s what his father had said, what his mother still said. What a lot of people had been saying to him the last 10 years, even though he knew they didn’t believe it. At the time, it wasn’t a mistake. Two months later, when they found the cure, he still couldn’t quite call it a mistake. It was just a decision he’d made that turned out wrong. A bad call. Just like they all had made volunteering for to help on this mission. Kehoe shouldn’t have been there. He was a biologist. He should have been in one of the research offices on ship. Frett should have been in the lab she shared with Sulu—the secret botany lab they ran experiments out of when no one was looking. He didn’t even know where Sulu was. He’d been on the other shuttle with Jim. Zhao should have been running tactical from deck 6. And Holbach should have been safe and sound in Medbay. He was breathing in and out, in and out. In. Out. But it wasn’t quite working right. He was too shaky and it rattled too much in his chest. He couldn’t open his eyes because there was too much blood on his shirt for him to look at. It would come out in the wash, he knew. It always did. The colors of blood found in the veins of the people working on the Enterprise was a wide and beautiful spectrum. They’d yet to discover one that couldn’t disappear in one cycle of the wash. Still, there were other ways to ruin a shirt. He pulled on the already ripped collar and tugged off the blue shirt, throwing it in the corner of the lab, away from him. In and out. In and out. The silence of the lab was punctuated by his own breathing and then, eventually, footsteps. Getting closer and closer as they came down the hall. The door slid open. McCoy kept his head hanging, his hands gripping the back of his own neck. “Please, Jim. Just give—give me a minute,” he managed between the hitches in his breathing. The footsteps stopped beside him. “He’s worried about you, Leonard.” McCoy looked up. Christine was leaning against the wall, staring down at him with a deep frown. “I’m fi—fine,” he said. “Leave me alone.” “You know I’m not going to do that.” They looked at each other for a second before Christine slid down the wall to sit beside him, yet still far enough away that they weren’t touching. McCoy dropped his head back between his knees. Just…breathing. It was smart move on Jim’s part, sending Christine. He must have known that McCoy would be more willing to accept Christine’s company than anyone else’s. She would get it. She always did. She would understand that he wasn’t mad at Jim. Hell, that he wasn’t even mad at himself. He was just tired. She knew that, better than anyone else on the ship. Sometimes they had very, very shitty days. It’d been awhile since the last one. An explosion in engineering that took out two lieutenants and an ensign. McCoy didn’t remember their names. They were engineering. He never had a reason to know them more than doing their check-ups, fixing the odd burn or broken finger. But they’d been gone before McCoy had even gotten there. They never had a chance. But Kehoe did. And Frett. And Zhao. And Holbach. Eventually he said: “Holbach switched seats with me.” Christine looked up at him. He lifted his head up and leaned against the wall behind them. “We were getting ready for takeoff. I was sitting in the seat I was assigned. A...a window seat. And she knew I didn’t like flying. So she switched with me. Gave me the aisle seat.” He cleared his throat. “Then we took off. And we were laughing at some joke Kehoe had made. He’d asked Zhao what she’d done to get stuck on blue shirt babysitting duty. And the thing was…she’d volunteered. All of them did. They all chose to be there. Except for me. I was only there because Jim nagged and nagged and nagged the last three days. I should be dead.” “Leonard—” “I don’t mean in an ‘I deserved to die’ guilt bullshit way. I mean literally I should be fucking dead. That shuttle got blasted out of the damn sky, Christine. If I hadn’t taken Holbach’s seat. If…” “—if the Klingons hadn’t been waiting for you, if they hadn’t set a trap, if they had hit the other shuttle instead,” Christine finished for him. “Those are the ifs you have to think about. There was nothing you or anyone on the ship could have done. It sure sounds like you’re doing the guilt bullshit.” McCoy shook his head. “You couldn’t save them all, Leonard.” “It’s not that I couldn’t save everyone,” McCoy said quietly. “It’s that I couldn’t save anyone.” The silence from Christine confirmed his earlier assessment. She understood. He didn’t need to go into any more detail. He didn’t need to tell her that yes, he knew there were dead. Of course he knew. Frett and Zhao didn’t even make it to the ground with the shuttle. He’d had no way of stopping Kehoe from bleeding out on that fucking field. But he couldn’t give up on Holbach. He just couldn’t. She’d taken his seat and gotten a chest full of shrapnel for her trouble. He closed his eyes with a sharp breath, trying to stop the images and panic from flooding over his senses again. “Do you remember our first day on the Enterprise?” Uh just a little, he wanted to say. It’s hard to forget pronouncing your boss dead within an hour of shaking his hand for the first time. The rest of the day did become a little bit of a blur after that. There were times when his anxiety did actually come in handy. He powered through that first 24 hours running on sheer panic-induced adrenaline. He couldn’t think beyond the confines of the Medbay, beyond the specific patient he was seeing, the most pressing injury, what needed fixing immediately. Instead of saying any of that, he just nodded. “That was my first day in space.” When he looked up, Christine was starring across the empty room, her eyes unfocused. “Real, honest-to-fuck space,” she said. “I never expected to be on a Starship, let alone in battle. I was going into research.” McCoy snorted. He couldn’t honestly imagine a bigger waste of talent than Christine being stuck in some lab. “I know,” she said. “But it was the plan. I wasn’t cut out for this. That’s all I could think about after Moretto got sucked out of Deck 6. When I got the world’s most undeserved promotion. I thought it every time another person came stumbling through the doors missing limbs or coughing up blood. I can’t do this, I said. I can’t do this. I can’t do this.” McCoy had a similar thought process during that 36-hour period. Except his was more we should have all been dead already. We should have all been dead already. With the occasional if Jim doesn’t die I’ll kill him myself. “So what changed your mind?” McCoy asked. “I saw you throwing up in one of the labs.” McCoy’s eyes snapped open. “What?” Christine give him a side-eyed look and smirked. “It was later—after everything. We did Pike’s surgery and as soon as he was out the woods, you went straight from the operating suite to the lab and threw up. Repeatedly.” Before McCoy could even open his mouth, she went on. “Because that meant you weren’t handling it as well as everyone thought. Leonard, I was so fucking in awe of you. We all were. I saw you hold together that kid that was nearly cut in half—what’s his name? He still works here—” “Ensign Caldera.” “Yes! Caldera. You were literally elbow deep in his chest cavity and you didn’t even hesitate! You took over an understaffed, understocked Medbay in the middle of a crisis. I thought to myself that’s the guy Starfleet needs up here. Not me. And then you threw up. And you know what?” “I was crying as well? Christine, I don’t like this story…” “You weren’t crying. You were human.” Christine ran her hand through her hair, leaning forward in excitement like she sometimes did when she was telling a story or working in the lab. “When we met, I thought you were going to be another typical Starfleet doctor. I’ve seen hundreds and they were all the same. They were cocky and rude and so fucking removed from their own emotions that they couldn’t even talk to patients for more than 2 minutes. And then you turned around and threw up when you thought no one was looking. Because you are so extraordinarily human. It’s what kept this Medbay going that day. And it’s what keeps this ship going now. Your giant fucking heart you keep permanently attached to your sleeve.” McCoy didn’t say anything. “That day,” Christine said, again looking across the room as if she could see the memory. See the Medbay filled with too many patients and too little doctors. “You saved so many lives. That…that was a good day. And that wasn’t a one-time thing, either. We are the outlier that screws up the rest of the fleet’s statistics. We have so many good days on this ship, Leonard. Because of you.” “Because of us.” “But mostly you,” Christine elbowed him lightly. “Everyone knows you’re the best damn doctor in the galaxy. Except for you, apparently. It’s the thing that annoys me most about you, you know. Jim too. We talk about it a lot.” McCoy narrowed his eyes. “You do not.” Christine nodded enthusiastically. “Jim and I talk more than you realize. And your insecurities happen to be our favorite topic of conversation. That and your well-being.” “Honestly, Leonard,” she said, seeing McCoy was about to protest. “It’s a two-person job. Making sure you aren’t overworked or underfed or throwing up in labs.” “Or having panic attacks in them,” he added for her. “Oh were you having a panic attack? I hadn’t noticed. You were hiding it so well.” She nudged him again with a small smile. “We like to think that you’re finally getting that no matter what you do, we aren’t going to let you go through bad days alone. This was just a bad day, Leonard. I know what Holbach meant to you. What they all meant to you. And we’re going to get through this, together.” She grabbed on tight to his arm. “Okay?” He thought about the millions of responses he could give to that. Thought about how he could probably sit here in the lab for another 2 hours and still not feel any better. And then he thought about the genuine way Christine seemed to hold on to him. Her words. Her conspiring with Jim. And then he thought about Jim. Jim, who had done the best he could down there. Who was probably just as broken over the deaths as McCoy was. Jim, who was probably pretty damn worried about him right now. “Not okay,” he said. “But we’ll work on it.” Together. Him and Jim. As always, they could be fucked up together. Christine too, for that matter. Christine clapped her hands together. “Well then great, my job here is done.” McCoy chuckled. “I’m pretty sure Starfleet doesn’t pay you for being a mother hen.” “No, but Jim does. Why do you think the cafeteria brought back pecan pie?” “Jim made them bring it back for me,” McCoy raised an eyebrow. “Jim made them bring it back for me. In gratitude for taking care of you.” “No, because he loves me and I love pecan pie.” “No, because I love you both and I love pecan pie more.” They stared at one another for a moment before laughing. “Remind me to ask Jim about that later,” McCoy said, smiling. He sighed and wiped at the sweat, dirt, and tears mixture on his face. He frowned when his hand came back bloody. “Am I…bleeding?” Christine nodded, tipping his face towards here and scanning it with a frown. “Yep. I thought we’d figure out your mental health before we worried about it.” “Oh.” She stood, reaching down and helping him shakily to his feet, smacking his hand roughly away when he attempted to reach up and poke at the wound again. “Is everyone else okay?” he asked. “Bumps and bruises,” Christine assured him, putting a steadying hand on his bicep. “Jim is completely unhurt.” “You’re joking.”  “Hand to God, Leonard.” “That’s astounding.” “I know. Mark the calendar.” McCoy laughed as they walked out of the lab, leaving his shirt behind. Christine kept him steady. “Thanks, Christine,” he eventually said. Quietly, hoping she might get the hint and not address it. “Hmmm what was that, Leonard?” But of course not. “I said thanks,” he said. “For helping me.” She squeezed his arm. “Always.” They made it the short distance to medbay. It was, as Christine promised, empty aside from a couple nurses and Dr. Toll in the corner. He managed to give a tight nod in his direction as Christine sat him down onto the nearest bed. “Here,” she said, handing him gauze. She directed his hand to his left temple. He hissed. “Ow.” “Welcome to your post-adrenaline crash,” Christine smirked. “You don’t have to sound so happy about, Chapel.” “I like when you’re the patient.” “You just like it when you’re in charge.” Christine pulled over a tray from the wall. “I’m not in charge. Dr. Toll is here.” McCoy raised the undamaged eyebrow. “You know damn well I trust you to save my life more than him.” “It’s just a cut, Leonard,” she said, heading towards the cabinets in the back of Medbay where they kept the hypos. “I think you’ll live.” “But it hurts like a son of a bitch,” he said. But Christine couldn’t hear him. What was the point of complaining then? He pressed the gauze more firmly against his head, closing his eyes. He breathed out. Then breathed in. He looked up when the doors to Medbay slid open. Jim walked in, coming to a stop in the doorway as soon as he saw McCoy. He didn’t say anything and neither did McCoy. It wasn’t that there wasn’t anything to talk about. There was so much McCoy wanted to say. A million thoughts that he needed to verbalize in order to process them fully, make them real. But he didn’t quite know how. Jim cut his thinking short by walking towards him. Slow and deliberate, like he was giving McCoy time to back out if he so wanted. He stopped as he hit McCoy’s knees hanging off the edge of the biobed. But when McCoy tried to give a reassuring smile Jim didn’t hesitate. He reached out and wrapped his arms around his shoulders, pulling McCoy to his chest. McCoy sighed, leaning in as he closed his eyes. 
It was just a bad day.




Chapter End Notes
Hey, gang. It's.........been a minute. I just wanted to give you a heads up that this fic is not over. Well, it is in the sense that I'm marking it as done. Going forward it will become instead a series. Any chapters I write will be seperate stories. Since I, like a lot of people accross the world, suddenly have a lot of free time on my hands, I'm hoping I'll be getting back into the swing of things. More to come, I promise. Thanks.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



