



I ship it - sellodi - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I ship it.
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11283771.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
shipper jimin, yoongi is best hyung, Alternate Universe - College/University, Crack, if you look through the looking glass you will see yoonmin in ch2
Stats:

        Published: 2017-06-23
          Completed: 2017-09-25
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 9029
      

I ship it.
by sellodi
Summary
Jimin is having a mental breakdown (where Jimin is a fudanshi who accidentally outs himself while drunk to a room full of very sociable, very connected party people). 
Alternatively,
Kim Taehyung is one of the really popular kids on campus, knows everyone, very friendly, a million crushes on this guy. Oh, yeah, he’s hot. Jeon Jungkook doesn’t go to the same college. He’s a quiet boy who works at the convenience store to try and help pay his tuition, but he’s the sweetest boy with the cutest smile. They don’t know each other. Jimin ships them so hard. (And then he fucking gets drunk and it all goes to shit there.)
Notes
*writes a guilty pleasure fic in the midst of procrastinating on my other fics*
Amazingly, this has been translated into Russian!! Check it out here:D.




Chapter 1




Ding.
“Welcome!”Two cups of ramen and a green tea are placed onto the counter, and Jungkook scans them diligently, keeping his eyes down.“That will be 3100 won.” A bill and a coin are placed onto the counter. “I’ve received 5100.” He bags the items and hands them over with the change, giving his best smile and a small bow. “Thank you.”The girl smiles back at him, her eyes slipping down to catch his name out of habit. “Thank you!” She does a double take, and peers a little closer. “Wait. Jungkook?” Jungkook blinks. “You’re not Jeon Jungkook, are you?”His smile freezes. “Uh… yes?”“Oh my gosh!” she squeals. “You’re the Jeon Jungkook that wants to fuck Kim Taehyung?!”“What?!”Standing at the entrance of the store is Park Jimin, who watches the exchange with a face looking like he’s just seen a bloody ghost.--
~3 days ago~
Immediately when Jimin wakes, he feels his head begin to spin and the sunlight trying to stab through his eyes and ingrain itself into his brain for all eternity. He makes a gagging noise, but it becomes genuine when the dryness in his mouth makes his tongue latch onto the roof of his mouth. In short, Jimin feels like dying.“Oh my god,” he groans into the void, and like the holy saviour a gentle hand lifts him up, despite his protests, and presses a bottle of water to his lips. He chugs it quickly, the bottle being pulled back in order to get him to slow down.“How are you feeling?” When Jimin rubs at his eyes, he opens them to find his roommate staring back at him, face neither pleased nor surprised. He smiles sheepishly, the throbbing easing just a bit now that he’s gotten some water and sense into him.“Kinda shitty. Did you bring me back yesterday, Yoongi-hyung?”“I had to lug your heavy ass across campus, you piece of shit. Try not to do that again.” He drops Jimin, and the latter falls onto the bed with a thump and a groan.“Thanks, hyung,” Jimin calls out in pain. He means it. His roommate had been vehemently against nightlife ever since they’d met, and yet when Jimin had told him he was probably going to a party on the other side of campus alone Yoongi hadn’t even hesitated before grabbing a coat and tagging along with him. Jimin vaguely recalls the other sulking on a couch all night, refusing company and taking drinks only to place them down on the table before him. Jimin makes a measly heart with two fingers in thanks, and Yoongi crosses his arms at him, a resigned look on his face. “I have food ready, if you want it,” he says.“Mm, maybe a little later. Thank you, hyung.”Yoongi closes his eyes and nods. “...So,” he starts again. “Who’s Jeon Jungkook?”The mention of his dongsaeng’s name rings a few alarms, and Jimin blinks away the oncoming exhaustion. “Um, a kid that I know. I think I’ve mentioned him to you a few times before.”“Can I see a picture?”Suspiciously, Jimin reaches for his phone wedged between the pillows, and scrolls through his gallery until he finds a normal enough selfie of the two of them, smiling happily with food in their hands. “This is him…” he holds the phone out for Yoongi to see, who peers at it in curiosity.“Hmm…” the elder sounds after a while. “Yeah, I guess he’s hot?”Jimin’s eye widen. “What did you say?” he asks. “Hyung, you like guys?”“Don’t worry about my sexual orientation, Jimin-ah. Rather, do you remember anything you did last night?”Oh no. “What did I do,” Jimin whispers, a hand already going to cover his mouth in horror. Wordlessly, Yoongi pulls his phone out from his back pocket. “I got this footage from someone at the party. Don’t worry, I made sure to delete it afterwards.” He scrolls on his phone while Jimin waits in dreaded anticipation, and finally Yoongi takes a seat on the bed next to him, holding his phone out so they can both see before he presses the play button.The video starts shakily as the very drunk Jimin of yesterday climbs up onto a tabletop, pushing away the other drunk man who had been there earlier. “Whoo!! Confession number two!!!” someone screams from off screen, and a series of whoops and cheers ring out.Yesterday’s Jimin, face flushed and dangerously staggering, raises his hand. “I have a confession!” he slurs. (From the back of the room in the video, Jimin can make out Yoongi trying to swim his way through the crowd of people, caution in his eyes.) A chorus of “What is it?” “Say it!!” and “Yeaaahhh!”s ring throughout the room. Drunk Jimin hiccups, and he spins to a side and stabs at the air. The camera pans over to where one man is pointing at himself in amusement while he clutches a cup filled with unknown liquid. “Kim Taehyung!!!” Drunk Jimin screams from off camera. (Oh no. Jimin has a bad feeling he knows where this is going.)“I--I want you…” A chorus of ‘ooh’s and suggestive words--”to fuck…” (“Oh fuck,” Jimin whimpers.) Taehyung, still on camera, looks absolutely red, eyes wide and waiting. “Jeon Jungkook!!!” (Jimin throws himself back into the wall with a scream. “Oh my fucking god!!”)The room dissolves into a series of loud shouts, some of confusion and some of hooting. He can make out a few “Whoooaaa, who’s that?!?!” and an “Oh my god,” that someone near Taehyung mouths. Taehyung himself is speechless as people shove into him with teasing congratulations. He looks around, completely lost.“You’re hot!” Drunk Jimin continues. More cheering. “Jungkook is hot! You can be hot together! You’ll have cute babies! I ship it!”“Jimin-ah, get off!!” The camera pans back quickly to Jimin on the table as Yoongi launches himself towards it and tries to pull the younger down. Jimin continues to scream in protest, and boos ring out along the crowd as Yoongi struggles to clamp a hand over his mouth and get him to shut up.“You can have hot--mmph--sex together! Jeon Jungkook!! Y University!!!! His name is Jeon Jungkook!!!!!!!!!” And that’s all Drunk Jimin gets to say before Yoongi yanks him onto the ground and he lies there, motionless. The rest of the party dissolves back into its previous chaos.The camera tries to zoom in on Drunk, Unconscious Jimin, but it makes contact with Yoongi instead, and the last thing that happens is Yoongi grabbing for it, and what sounds like a scrabble as the phone is flung from one direction to another, before the video is cut off, and Sober, Horrified Jimin has tears streaming down his face in panic as he turns to grab onto Yoongi.“Hyung what do I do?” he sobs, and Yoongi can only give him that blank, somewhat pitying look that he’s mastered. “Please. Don’t cry, Jimin-ah, I really suck at comforting people.”“I want to die!”“If you say that again I’ll really beat the shit out of you.”Jimin covers his face with two hands and throws his head back to take a deep breath. He releases it with a scream, and Yoongi leans away. “Everyone was drunk. They’ll probably forget it--”“No!” Jimin hisses, cradling his head and huddling in the corner. “Do you know who what was? That was Kim Taehyung I was screaming to--everyone knows him, I--” he pauses to let out an angry sob, and Yoongi pats his shoulder awkwardly.“It’ll die down eventually,” he suggests after a while. “You guys have parties every week. Something stupid happens every week.”Sniffling, Jimin looks up at him in hope. “You think so?”“Uh, well I…” Yoongi sees Jimin’s face about to burst into tears again. “Yeah yeah, of course. It’s a party, what do you do other than get drunk and be collectively stupid together, right?”Jimin hiccups and aggressively wipes the tears away. “Y-you’re right,” he says, “I just have to survive the week. And then it’ll be all over soon, right?”Yoongi, already done and wanting to end the conversation as fast as possible, nods. “Of course.”Jimin nods to himself as the other gets up, saying something about food and whatever. “Okay,” he says to himself. “It’s one week. Can’t be that bad…”--Jimin met Taehyung like this.It was a regular day, not too late but not too early, and he had been walking to his class with a ton of books in his hand because he was too lazy to put them all in his bookbag. His focus was on those books, consequently, making him oblivious to his surroundings.Taehyung had been running from something, probably, he did not know what. And they slammed into each other, the books digging into Jimin’s stomach and splattering over the floor along with him and Taehyung, and the other had quickly made to apologize and offer a hand in help.“Oh shit, sorry man, I didn’t look where I was going!” He had the way of talking that sounded like he had a lot of friends and would easily be able to make more. From the genuinity in his concern Jimin had given him a smile.“S’no problem.”“Oh, hey! You’re in my lecture class, aren’t you?”Yeah, Jimin’s seen him around. “I think so? With Professor Lee?”“Yeah, yeah! I’m Kim Taehyung.” He stretched out a hand, and pulled Jimin up when he took it.“Park Jimin.”“Cool, Jimin! Is it okay if we become friends? Can I just call you Jimin?”“That’s fine.”“Taehyung-ah! Are you alive you idiot?” Someone had run up to him, and a swarm of them followed. Taehyung had laughed like it was a natural occurrence. “Sorry man, he’s always like this.”“I’m not~” He turned back to Jimin. “You’re in our major, right? Since you take that class and all.”Oh, he was. “Yeah. I’m a second year.”“Wow, us too! We can study together sometime with everyone.” Jimin returned the smile.“Sounds good.”“Awesome, I’ll talk to you again soon? My paper is due in like seven hours and I have a paragraph written.”“Ouch. Good luck.”“Yup! Bye!”Jimin had watched as the guy walked down the road, literally saying hello to everybody he passed. Some he waved with the same wide grin he had given Jimin, others who he probably knew better all received some form of handshake or unique callout.(And when all his friends and his seniors and his juniors knew of Taehyung, that was when Jimin knew that he was a popular kid.)--Jimin met Jungkook like this.It was late night, the quiet ones after most sensible people had retired to their homes, and Jimin was craving something sweet. Now, it was late night, so a larger part of him knew that snacks and most other sugary things were out of the running, but how can you blame him, a guy still going through the last of his puberty, if all he wants is a little bit of sugar after a long day of studying and playing and staying alive?So he chose some tea, and walked up to the young looking cashier who had a look too polite for people working this kind of shift. Everything was going well, until the cashier had named the price and Jimin went digging through his wallet for the money.And, like those sad cliches, he was missing one coin. Not even a big coin, but a measly 100 won that could make everything so much easier. Sweating nervously, Jimin had glanced back and forth from his empty wallet to the cashier, whose wide stare showed he’d figured out what was going on.“Um,” Jimin started, face flushing, “I’ll just put this back--”“Ah, actually, it’s okay, you can take it.” “What? Really?”The cashier’s smile was too pure for this world. “Yeah. We usually, uh, have a sale this late at night anyways. So it’ll be fine if you take it.” His saviour, oh kind angel. Jimin looked at his nametag to remember his existence forever.“Thank you so much, Jungkook-ssi! I was really craving this. I’ll drink it well, thank you!”“Please enjoy!”Jimin had nearly skipped out the convenience store in gratitude. What a kind world this was! He’ll make sure to savor every single drop of this--oh he forgot a straw.Already halfway down the block, Jimin turned back and was about to push open the door to the store again when he watched the cashier from before digging through what was probably his own wallet, before plopping a silver coin into the open register. Oh.(Later on, Jimin returned and learned that Jungkook went to another university close by, just one year younger than Jimin himself.)--
~The Monday after the party~
“Hi Jimin!”Jimin looked up and wanted to bury himself into the ground right then and there, because Kim Taehyung stood above him with a smile. “Do you think I can sit here?”“...No?” Jimin whimpers, and Taehyung’s face falls so fast he guiltily waves his hands in dismissal. “No, I was just kidding! The seat’s free, if you want it! Just, um…” Why. He’d tried to stay in bed today but Yoongi had yanked his blanket off and rolled him out of it with a strength much too strong for a man always lying down.“If your parents paid any percentage of your tuition and you’re not sick then you are going to class,” he had said.“I’m sick,” Jimin had tried. “Mentally sick. My heart is sick.” Yoongi had thrown Jimin’s bookbag at his face.Jimin tries to inconspicuously turn his head towards the wall, about to put his head down and pray for the professor to come soon.“Did you do the reading for today?”Wrinkling his nose, he slowly rises back and faces Taehyung. “I didn’t to be honest,” he answers, and Taehyung laughs.“Yeah, how could he expect anyone to read over the weekend when there’s no test or anything, right?”Jimin nods politely. The conversation continues in this fashion, fortunately enough, and Taehyung himself looks like he has no plan to bring up the events of three nights ago, that kind, understanding man. Jimin finds time passing by quicker than he’d expected, and soon the professor enters in his ten-minute-late glory, and class starts without a hitch. Halfway through the lecture and Jimin is diligently jotting down his notes when Taehyung leans in close to him, a hand covering his mouth and half cupping Jimin’s ear.“So who’s Jeon Jungkook?”Jimin rips his paper, hand trembling in horror. At the corner of his eye, Taehyung smirks back at him in wait.“He’s nobody,” he mumbles back.“But how can I make cute babies with him if you don’t introduce us?”“Can you talk to me later please? I’m trying to take notes and I really need to pass this class.” Jimin’s an A-student. He probably needs a 60 on the final to get an A at this point. But Taehyung nods and moves away, and Jimin sighs, wiping at the sweat on his forehead. He begins subtly zipping up his bag ten minutes before the end of class and makes a mad dash out towards the entrance right when the professor announces the end of the hour, notebook and pen in hand and ignoring Taehyung’s calls of his name.--
~The Thursday after the party~
“Jimin-hyung can I ask you a question?”“What is it?”“Do you know a Kim Taehyung?”Jimin would have choked had he been drinking something. “W-why do you ask?”Jungkook looks like he’s at wits’ end. “I have had countless people coming up to me or asking for me at school, and they’re all like ‘Oh, you’re that Jeon Jungkook! You like Taehyung, don’t you?’ And I have no idea who this guy is, but I saw one of them was wearing apparel from your college so I thought…” He deflates. “You know what, it’s not your problem, hyung. Forget I said anything.”Oh, it’s Jimin’s problem, all right. It’s Jimin’s fault. He feels himself sweating. “Don’t...don’t worry about it, Jungkook-ah. I’m sure it’ll die down after a week or so.”“Yeah,” Jungkook mumbles. “I mean, I don’t even know anyone at that university except for you! I don’t know where these weird rumors are coming from.”Jimin’s face is blank, he hopes. At least Jungkook looks like he doesn’t suspect Jimin in the least. Now he feels even worse. “Someone must’ve just… said a random name, and it happened to be yours, right?”“Yeah. How’d they even trace me to my school, though?”“T-t-t-there’s no Jeon Jungkook in my university, I’m pretty sure!”“Yeah, and mine is pretty close to here, too...you’re right. I’ll stop making a fuss about this. They’ll stop soon, right, hyung?” Jungkook gasps. “Jimin-hyung? You’re looking kind of pale. Are you okay?”“I, um,” Jimin takes a deep breath. “Yeah, I just, forgot that I, uh, had something, to. Do, uh. I forgot, my hyung asked me to do, yeah…”“Oh, you should go, then. You keep coming here like you have no life.”“Yeah yeah, I should,” Jimin brushes off the insult and quickly slings his bookbag across his back. “I’m gonna go first, huh? See you soon, Jungkook-ah.”“Yeah, bye hyung!” Jungkook looks to the side and blinks. “Ah, hyung, wait, your earphones--” he looks back up to see the door swinging back closed, bell ringing and no Jimin in sight.--The ship started as a crack pairing. Taehyung was good-looking and he was nice. Jimin didn’t talk to him much but when their eyes met Taehyung would always give him a wave like he was excited to see him, and Jimin would return it with an actual genuine desire to. In lecture he wasn’t annoying and didn’t say much or call out to the professor and make him halt the lesson, but sometimes Jimin sat near him and would overhear the small conversations he and his friends had before and during class. Most of the time they were really funny, and all the time Taehyung was really sweet.Just by hearsay Jimin had learned that Taehyung loved dogs and children and took care of his family like no other. The guy had a thing for Gucci even though he couldn’t afford any of it. He liked painting and photography and music and saxophones and did all of it but mastered none. He liked thinking weird things and sometimes didn’t sleep until five in the morning, and Jimin liked him well enough. He deserved someone amazing to love him.Jungkook was good-looking and he was a dork. Jimin talks to him a lot and he was shy when they’d first met but over time had opened up and now cracked jokes and did stupid things like parkour and sending him memes in the middle of his night shifts. He works a-fucking-lot to try and help his parents and is always nice to his customers whether they thank him or chuck trash on the floor. Sometimes Jungkook liked to pat Jimin’s head and throw shade at him with innocent eyes but every time Jimin visited he offered to discount a drink and secretly paid the rest of the price when he thought Jimin wasn’t looking.From hanging with Jungkook, Jimin saw that he would look at dogs trotting outside with a lovesick expression and would makes funny faces whenever children entered so he could see them smile. He danced and maybe took a few pictures in his free time, but was hella good at everything else. He dabs three times in a second and turns everything into a competition when he feels like it, and he’s the same age as Jimin’s little brother back in Busan. Jimin loves him so much, and wants the world to give him a person that could bring him out of his shell and make him laugh without restraint. Jimin wants for Jungkook someone free and able to do all the things the younger wants but is afraid to do, someone who is on his wavelength and can converse with him using just their eyes, someone who laughs so loud Jungkook will laugh along with them and love so strong Jungkook will love along with them.Strangely enough, his mind went to Taehyung first.I mean, Taehyung and Jungkook didn’t know each other, but two sweet good-looking men, am I right?And the more Jimin thought about it, the more the two personalities just seemed to click. Taehyung is outgoing and loud but he is also passionate and genuine, and Jungkook was quiet at first and prefers to stay in and keep to himself but he’s ambitious and wholehearted. It’s the kind of opposite but similar dynamic that only soulmates would have! It made so much sense!And one night as he laid there in bed while Yoongi snoozed away, the ship name Taekook popped into his head, and he was gone.And he kept thinking about it from then. Instead of his own, he would doodle their names under an umbrella in his notes during class before scratching it out in haste, or looking at couple drinks with a wistful expression and going ‘Ah. Taekook would like to try that (probably).’ Taeguk was Thailand. They were a country!! A country of love!!!Just imagine how they’d meet. Maybe it would be one of those cliche Japanese manga scenes like he’d met Taehyung through. Taehyung would bump into Jungkook and everything would go flying and they’d apologize to each other and accidentally reach for the same thing and touch hands. And then they’d look into each other’s eyes and fall in love at first sight because wow, they’re both so good-looking and their smiles are so kind.And Taehyung has such a nice deep voice imagine him melodically calling Jungkook’s name and the younger ignoring him and trying to push him away while actually liking it. And Jungkook’s eyes are so big so imagine them filled with love and unblinking adoration as he watches Taehyung cooing over a puppy at the park on one of their dates. Or imagine Taehyung, always so touchy-feely, sliding up to Jungkook and the younger not minding it even though he doesn’t really like being touched because it’s Taehyung and Taehyung can mess with his ears or squeeze his arms and he wouldn’t even care heck he’d even snuggle closer to Taehyung just because he loves him and OH MY GOD THAT IS SO CUTE.Jimin would kick his blankets in excitement, squealing until it hit the floor, and Yoongi would pause his computer and stare across at him like he was crazy. And he would be right because Jimin was crazily shipping his friend and a classmate together and he wished for their happiness more than his own he. LOVES. TAEKOOK!--
~The Friday after the party~
Jimin wakes up with a groan and a stretch. He just loves waking up without the alarm on Fridays, when he only has two classes, past noon, and a weekend up ahead. Looking across, Yoongi’s bed is made and empty like it usually is at this time, and Jimin reaches over for his phone, unlocking it when he sees a missed call and an unread message, both from Jungkook.[11:30 AM]
Hey hyung, you forgot your earphones yest so I’m bringing them to you now!Jimin shoots up, fingers flying as he texts the younger back.[12:13 PM]
Thats ok man ill come over myself after!!!He gets a reply really quickly.[12:14 PM]
It’s cool I only have two morning classes today and work at night so I’m coming over already lolShiiiit! Jimin dials the other’s number, tripping over his feet as he tries to get up and claws for some clothes in his drawers. “Hello?” Jungkook answers from the other end.“Where are you right now?” Jimin asks quickly, shrugging out of his flimsy white shirt and painfully trying to get another over his head with a phone pressed to his ear.“Like five minutes away. I’m coming to your dorm, hyung. I know I should’ve gotten an answer first, but you don’t have classes this early and if you’re still asleep then I’m doing you a favor anyways.”“Oh my god just stay where you are right now and don’t move! I’ll come to you instead!”“I’m crossing the street right now, hyung.”“You know what I mean!”“What’s with you? I can just come over, it’s no biggie. I see your dorm building over there. Just get dressed and come out. Are you somewhere else?”“No--no I’m in my room okay I’ll come down right now, just wait right there, okay?” He throws a quick goodbye to the younger before chucking his phone onto the bed and rushing to pull a pair of jeans onto his legs. Grabbing his phone again, Jimin rushes out of the room, nearly forgetting his key before he grabs it at the last second, and dashes to the stairs. He’s down three floors when he looks out and sees Jungkook hanging by a nearby bench, twirling what seems to be Jimin’s earphones in his hand as he scrolls through his phone.Jimin sighs. At least it looks like no one is hounding the younger yet. Yoongi was right when he said the hype would die down after a week. He makes up his mind to take his time going down when he catches a familiar figure heading closer.It’s Taehyung, walking with a friend back to the dorm after a class, probably. Frozen, Jimin watches as Taehyung’s friend jumps in recognition and points over at Jungkook, still oblivious. He says something, and Taehyung stands still for a bit before smiling and heading over. Jimin begins sprinting again.By the time he reaches the outside, Taehyung is already too close for him to intercept the two, and so he changes direction and dashes behind a nearby tree instead, close enough so he can hear them. Jimin pokes his head out.“Hi!” he can hear Taehyung say, and Jungkook looks up in response. At least Taehyung is loud.“...?” Jungkook’s voice is a little more quiet and his back is facing Jimin, but knowing the other he’s probably returning the greeting with a confused one of his own.“You’re Jeon Jungkook, right?”Jimin watches as Jungkook doesn’t move for a bit, watching Taehyung, before jumping up, neck turning red.“Yes!” He screams, loud and clear. “Yes, my name is Jeon Jungkook, and no, I do not want to fuck Kim Taehyung, I don’t even know who Kim Taehyung is, so stop bothering me and making these weird accusations!”“I’m Kim Taehyung.”Jungkook freezes again. Jimin strains his neck to lean forward. “O-oh,” he says, the red traveling to his ears. “Uh. I...that is…”Taehyung’s eyes catch Jimin’s, and he smirks while the latter pales. “I’ve been hearing a lot about you too, you know.”“What? From who?” Jimin shakes his head and presses his palms together to beg.“Oh, here and there.” Thank lord!!“Well… can you please put a stop to these rumors? I don’t know who all these people are, but they keep coming to me to ask about you.”Taehyung laughs, sheepish. “Yeah, I don’t know why they’re making a big fuss about this. I’ll tell them, I promise.”“Um, okay.” Jungkook sounds like he has no more words to say. “Thank you then.” Taehyung snickers.“But since we’re at it and I met you anyways, let’s become friends!” He offers a hand. “Nice to meet you~.” Jungkook looks down, and after a second grabs it. He sounds like he’s smiling, and Jimin can’t help but cover his mouth to hide his squeal.“Okay… nice to meet you, too.”His ship just sailed.----



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
this mini sequel has a very different tone, but i wrote it so i might as well post it :/



“Why is he like this?” Jungkook hisses, eyeing the phone in his hand with distaste. On it is a text, its tone a little too happy to match his expression.
[1:45PM]Sorry cant make it u two have fun!
“I’m going to kick his ass the next time he cancels on us last-minute.” He looks up to where Taehyung is sitting across from him, sipping lazily at his drink as he plays with the straw in his mouth. “Are you still up for the movie, hyung?”
“Hmm?” Taehyung hums. His voice is a drawl as he sends a quick text to someone. “It’s cool, I wanted to watch it in the first place. We can rub it in his face the next time we see him.”
On the other side of the cafe, three tables over and near the edge of the bar, a man in sunglasses and a hoodie pulled over his head jumps at the vibration of his phone on the tabletop. He grabs it quickly, scanning the message on his lockscreen and paling when he reads it.
Kim Taehyung 1:52pmJust come over. You don’t have to keep…
Slowly, Jimin turns to look at the table he’d been spying on for the past ten minutes. Taehyung returns his stare with an amused one of his own, lidded eyes as he slouches into his arm. He raises an eyebrow, and Jimin grabs for his drink and shuffles his way towards the exit.
Ugh. He knew he should’ve stayed in the bushes.
--
It’s adorable, the way Taehyung and Jungkook are together. Taehyung is the same as usual, from what Jimin sees. He’s happy and emotional and always likes wrapping an arm around another person. He treats Jungkook like they’ve been best friends for years even though they’ve only known each other for two months, meeting up once a week or more if Jimin can make it happen.
But Jungkook. Oh, sweet, little Jeon Jungkook. Jungkook is exactly as Jimin had predicted he’d be. He doesn’t talk much to Taehyung except for the few rare retorts he has when the other is on a roll, but he’s always smiling so hard that his nose scrunches and his cheeks pop out, that one little dimple disappearing among the rest of the creases on his face. He still tenses when Taehyung holds onto him, but although he looks a little lost Jungkook never really pulls away, just lets himself kind of stay still, waiting till he gets used to it to lean back into the other.
The bad thing is that he seems to look up to Taehyung more than he does to Jimin--his words are more careful and a lot less sharp when he talks to the man, but his eyes also seem to shine with fond respect, and Jimin has never been more okay with being number two than he is right now.
He opens the door to his room with a grin, thoughts fading away as Yoongi looks up in caution at his arrival.
Jimin stares back, before his eyes move to the person next to his roommate, body leaning into the other and head resting on Yoongi’s shoulders. Jimin doesn’t think he’s ever seen Yoongi with a friend, let alone in such a close position.
The guy has a semi-long face and nothing else in particular stands out, but then he sits up and smiles and the whole room lights up, and oohhhhh--
“Don’t you dare,” Yoongi points a finger at him, shoving his laptop onto the bed. With a leg he kicks the other guy down, who yelps at the sudden attack. “Get out Hope-ah, we’ll finish this later.”
“Ow you didn’t have to kick me,” he turns to Jimin, the same smile radiating from his eyes. “Hi, you must be Jimin! I’m Hoseok--”
“No don’t waste your breath, get out before it’s too late,” Yoongi shoves the man out quickly, Hoseok protesting behind him.
“Hyung, what the hell that’s rude--”
“Go go go.” The door shuts, and Yoongi turns around, grimacing when he sees the lovesick expression on Jimin’s face. “I told you no,” he says.
“You call him Hope,” Jimin breathes.
“Everyone calls him Hope, it’s nothing special, stop smiling like that, I know what you’re thinking.” Jimin continues smiling like that. “No,” Yoongi warns. “Stop it.”
“Yoonseok--”
“Jimin.”
“Okay, okay,” Jimin pouts. “Sheesh, you guys just looked really close. It was nice to see you actually, I don’t know, hanging out with someone. All you do is sleep.”
“That’s because all I do in our room is sleep, dummy, have you ever seen me outside of here? And I’ve known Hobi since high school, and he’s been working himself to the bone so I let him in so he’d wipe that smile off your face Park Jimin, you’re getting on my nerves.”
“Maybe I’m just a smiley person,” Jimin pouts, and Yoongi only gives him a confused look before he sits at the edge of his bed, legs extended and facing Jimin’s side.
“I don’t get it,” he says finally. “What’s so great about pairing everyone within a kilometer radius together?”
“It’s not everyone,” Jimin makes to point out. “Just. You know. Select people.”
“Alright, select people, then. What’s so fun about it?”
Jimin sighs, flopping on the bed. He doesn’t usually like approaching the topic of shipping to someone who doesn’t care for it, especially since it’s something that’s been controversially argued about both outside and inside respective fandoms. But Yoongi hasn’t ever been particularly judging towards Jimin--he always has that same semi-disapproving look on his face no matter what he’s doing, but when he asks Jimin can feel the curiosity more than he can sense any disgust. It’s uncomfortable, but at the same time a little refreshing to be able to explain himself to someone who was willing to listen.
Plus, Yoongi’s already accidentally seen Jimin’s search history and the tabs he’d opened on incognito. If he didn’t shame Jimin then, nothing else could scare him away.
“There’s...a lot of reasons,” Jimin begins, staring up at the ceiling. “Sometimes you see two characters together and their interactions, and it works in such a way that you think they couldn’t be happier with anyone else. You want their happiness, and if it shows that they’re happiest when they’re with a certain person, it makes sense that they should just be together.”
“I get that,” Yoongi nods in the corner of Jimin’s eye. “Although I’ll admit it’s not the most normal to me when you apply the same logic onto real life people.”
“It’s the same for people, too. The general mindset of wanting them to be happy. When people get emotionally invested in a work or fandom, it leads to them wishing certain characters happiness or to make choices that they think will be good for them, because they already feel like a part of your life. When people ship celebrities, it’s the same way. For friends, it’s the same way. It’s just that people refer to it in other ways. Like ‘you two look good together,’ for example.”
He turns to look at Yoongi, who is listening quietly like usual. “Of course,” Jimin continues, “that’s not to say we should force our opinions on actual living breathing people. I think it’s fine to a point when you’re not actively trying to dominate someone’s life, and preventing them from meeting the people they care about. It’s kind of like, hmm… if I think A and B should be together, that’s fine, but if A wants to meet with C and D or starts going out with E then what I think never really mattered. In the end, it’s all about their happiness.”
“And is this what you’re going for in your two friends, too?”
The blunt mention of Jungkook and Taehyung makes him fidget, but he stands his ground. “Pretty much. Personally, for me, it’s more that I want to see their happy faces when they interact with people and enjoy it. I’d think the same for you too, hyung. It’s nice seeing you smile and relax instead of always working or something.”
Yoongi stays quiet, taking in all of the information, and Jimin sniffs as he thinks of Taekook.
“Well. There’s also the fact that they’re both really hot.”
“So that’s what it comes down to in the end, huh?”
“Hey, I have eyes, you know? And I’m not going to be shipping like, two grandparents down the street or somethi--” Jimin pauses, thinking hard. “Okay, maybe I might, but not in the same way--” he reddens when he sees Yoongi’s expression. “That’s not what I meant!” Jimin argues. “You’re making this weird now!”
“In retrospect, I didn’t think you’d give me such a deep answer to my question,” Yoongi says. He smiles a little. “I think I understand a little more now, though.”
Jimin feels a smile pulling at his face. “So, you said you only do this for good-looking people?”
Jimin scowls. “That’s not what I said--it just so happens that I end up shipping people that are good-looking.”
“What about you?”
“What about me?” Jimin repeats with a frown.
“You said that good-looking people are who you pay attention to, so why not you--” Yoongi freezes, going over his words with a sort of shock.
“Why not what?” Jimin asks again, but Yoongi shakes his head and turns away.
“No, never mind.”
--
This might be the second worst idea he’s ever had, the first being him getting drunk in a room full of people and climbing on a table to tell them how much he wants someone to screw his friend. Jimin swats away the bugs as they fly crazily around him, their buzzing almost offended at his presence. Jimin can’t really blame them; this bush was their home first, after all.
From the inside, Taekook are carrying on as usual. Jungkook still seems peeved at Jimin whenever they see each other these days, but sitting inside the restaurant he’s all smiles and laughter. One time he’d even seen Taehyung reach over to steal a sip from Jungkook’s drink. It wasn’t the famous two straws, but it was close enough.
Something brushes against his arm, and he makes to swat it away. But it keeps coming back, and Jimin finally turns around with a frown, ready to whack whatever it is that’s been annoying him for the past few minutes. He promptly screams when he sees eight long legs reaching out at him.
Burrowing out of the leaves with dirt on his face and twigs in his hair, Jimin spazzes on the ground as he tries to brush every single thread of the spider web off of him, people strategically avoiding his direction while they walk.
Some of them stare, but luckily most of them are too unwilling to involve themselves in anything as weird as the weirdly bundled up boy in the streets, and Jimin sighs, thanking the heavens for covering his face. He sneaks a peek back at the glass window, and pales when the table he’d been spying on is empty.
“Hyung?” Jungkook calls from above, and Jimin jumps when a face peers over him, his eyes meeting Jungkook’s disbelieving gaze. “What are you doing here?”
“Ummmm---” Jimin hums, looking from side to side as he tries to find an excuse. He can see Taehyung walking over at a slower pace, his expression like he wants to say something clever but sassy. “Surprise?”
“I thought you said you had something to do?” Jungkook asks, his eyes starting to narrow. “Why are you crouching here like a pervert?”
“I, well, you know, was just passing by, and uh--”
“In a bush? Really?”
“I mean, yeah…”
“Hyung, please try harder. Why were you spying on us?”
“I wasn’t!” Jimin cries, and Jungkook raises a brow. Okay, yeah, he wouldn’t believe himself looking like this, but still. “I’m just. Chilling. It’s better than doing something illegal, right? It’s not a big deal.”
“Not a big deal?” Jungkook repeats. “You’ve been secretly hiding and watching us when you texted me that you were busy. I mean, I’d understand if you’re busy, I’ll even--I’ll even understand if you just don’t want to hang out with us (“That’s not--”), but I don’t get why you’re acting all sneaky when you can literally just. Come.”
Jimin looks like he doesn’t know what to say anymore, and so Taehyung jumps into the one-sided lecture. “I’m sure he has his reasons.”
“That’s what I’m trying to figure out here,” Jungkook says. “This isn’t your first time, is it? What in the world is the reason you’re dressed like this?” he gestures at Jimin in a way that would be rude if, well, if he didn’t look as shady as he did.
“He doesn’t look too bad,” Taehyung tries, but even he knows how stupid it sounds. “Well, I tried.” He shrugs.
“Fine, let’s say I’m overreacting,” Jungkook huffs, turning to Taehyung, “but aren’t you a little too calm about this whole thing? It’s like you already knew he was doing this in the first place.” He waits, and then his eyes widen in accusation. “Wait. You really knew?! Why didn’t you say anything?”
“No, Jungkook, look, it wasn’t his fault, he was just trying to help--”
“I asked him to do it,” Taehyung says. Jungkook freezes. Jimin blinks. His mouth falls open at the lie, but Taehyung shoots him a look and he immediately snaps it shut.
“I don’t get it,” Jungkook says, stepping back. “Are you two playing with me?”
“Why would we do that?”
“But then why would you…?”
“Why do you think?” Taehyung asks him back.
“I don’t know, that’s why I’m asking you!”
“You don’t have to know,” Taehyung says with a smile, and Jungkook does a double-take in confusion. “You just have to think.”
Jimin can see all the math formulas flashing in his dongsaengs eyes for a few seconds, and he turns to Taehyung, catching his gaze. ‘I’m sorry,’ he mouths, but to his surprise Taehyung doesn’t give him a frown, or a smirk, or some sort of ominous ‘you-owe-me’ look. Instead, he looks like he’s having fun.
“I still don’t get it,” Jungkook finally says, and Taehyung laughs out loud.
“It’s okay if you don’t,” he says. “But there’s something different about it being just the two of us rather than three, you know?”
Jungkook doesn’t get it, but Jimin does. He stares at Taehyung, eyes blown wide. Sure, maybe Jimin’s been plotting this for ages, but he never really thought…
“Enough worrying about this. Let’s watch a movie.” Taehyung suddenly voices, cutting him from his revelation. Jungkook, confused at the change of subject, looks reluctant to leave the previous matter.
“...Movie? But we did that like a week ago--”
“A different movie, of course, stupid.”
“But I--I don’t have enough money, though.”
“I can pay for you, so don’t worry about it.”
“What? No way, that’s too--”
“It’s what I’m supposed to do, after all. You can treat me next time,” Taehyung says with a grin. Jungkook begins to ask what he means by that, but Taehyung leans closer before he can finish his question. “Pleeeease?” he asks, curling his hands around Jungkook’s. He makes sure to intertwine their fingers for good measure, and smiles wider when Jungkook falters at the contact, ears turning red. “It’ll be fun~”
Jungkook is speechless for a moment, leaning back subtly before he bites his lips and turns away. “I...really can’t with you,” he sighs, and Taehyung leans back in victory. 
“Is this good enough for you? Or do you wanna tag along too?” Taehyung asks, and Jimin shakes his head automatically. 
“No I’m good,” he squeaks.
“Wait hyung, but you aren’t even busy--”
“If Jiminie can’t go then that’s a shame,” Taehyung talks over him, pulling Jungkook closer to his side. “Didn’t I tell you?” he looks at Jimin, and his smile no longer looks as pure and sweet as it used to. “That you didn’t have to do anything.” 
Rather, Jimin thinks he must’ve been underestimating Taehyung this whole time.
--
“Don’t you come here often,” Jimin greets his dongsaeng with a smile, and Jungkook looks up at him from where he sits, returning the grin with one of his own.
“That’s because it’s two vs. one,” he argues, but Jimin only scoffs. Jungkook’s never gone out of his way to visit him at his university before, no matter how short the distance. In fact, it always used to be the convenience store that was their meeting place. Jungkook hadn’t even told Jimin he was coming today, so he must not be the reason.
“Jungkook-ah!” And speaking of why. The two of them look over to where Taehyung is waving while he walks, arms wide and open, another friend by his side. “Jimin-ah!”
“Oh hey, I know you!” the unknown guy offers Jimin a smile as they get closer. Jimin vaguely remembers him being in the same class, and so he nods politely. The guy turns over to Jungkook, and he tilts his head. “Uh, have I seen you from somewhere before?”
Jungkook presses his lips together as Taehyung smiles. “You have now,” he says. “This is Jungkook.  He goes to a different university.”
“Jungkook? Where I have heard that name?”
“I don’t know, how many people have you seen me with?” His friend gives him a touche. “I’m stopping here for today, so I’ll see you tomorrow, friend.” He waves goodbye as the guy walks away, before turning to a sagging Jungkook.
“Oh thank god he didn’t recognize who I was.”
Taehyung laughs at his relief. “I think a few of them still do. They probably don’t care anymore, though,” he shrugs. “Anyways, I told you I’d give you a tour of my building today, so let’s go! Jiminie, are you coming too?”
“Nah,” Jimin replies, although he begins walking along with them. The sidewalk isn’t particularly narrow, but a lot of runners and bikes are known to travel on it and so he makes sure to stay behind the two. “I just saw him sitting over there so I thought I’d say hi. You two have fun.”
“When do you ever come,” Jungkook snarks.
“Hey! I’ve been making better on my time these days,” Jimin argues. It’s true. He no longer last-minute cancels on them anymore. Plus, he doesn’t think they invite him to all their outings anymore, either. Like today, for example. So they can’t really complain. “I have to drop something off in my room, but I can join you two after if you want.”
“Sure,” Taehyung says, grabbing Jungkook by the hand. “Text one of us and I’ll come get you!”
“Stop that,” Jungkook hisses, trying to pull away. “People are going to get the wrong idea again.”
“What does that matter?”
Jimin watches as the two of them bicker in front of him, Taehyung pulling a red Jungkook behind him. He slows to a stop, smiling when neither of them turn around. It’s a nice sight, the two of them walking together hand in hand, getting gradually farther and farther away. For some reason, staring at them from behind is so much more different than watching secretly from the sides. 
A body brushes past him, and Jimin quickly jumps to the side after realizing that he’s probably blocking the whole path with how he’s standing smack dab in the middle of it. It’s a nice day out, enough that many people are sitting out on the grass or on the benches, just idly spending their free hours of the day.
Everyone’s doing their own thing, but something seems a little different. Jimin doesn’t know what it is--nobody’s even paying attention to him, but for some reason he feels so out of the loop. Jungkook and Taehyung are already way ahead of him and haven’t looked back once.
Jungkook looks like he could be a college student at their university, Jimin thinks to himself. They’re pretty sweet from afar, actually. Maybe if he snapped a candid photo right now, it could win best couple of the week.
Pulling out his phone, he snaps a sneaky shot--it’s a beautiful one, the trees all colorful and swaying and the path clear of anyone else. He smiles, letting his phone fade to black, and then blinks when he sees his reflection. Then he looks around. And he sees himself standing still, the only one who isn’t with someone else. Feeling a little awkward, Jimin pulls out his earphones and plugs them in, looking for a song to play.
He’ll just go home.
--
When he opens the door, Yoongi is sitting cross-legged on his bed with his back to the wall and earphones plugged into his computer.
“Hey,” he greets Jimin with a casual tone before looking back at his screen, but then his eyes flicker back up. Yoongi hits his spacebar and tugs an earbud out. “You okay?” he asks in a softer tone.
“Hm?” Jimin asks, heading inside and closing the door. “I’m fine. Why?”
Yoongi doesn’t say anything, looking at Jimin for a bit longer before he sighs. “Okay then,” he says, and looks back down at his screen, unpausing his video. He doesn’t make to replace the earbud he’d pulled off, though.
Jimin is quiet when he moves, toeing off his shoes and fidgeting with his bag and desk. He settles for plopping on the edge of his bed, sitting there quietly without moving. His gaze, lingering on the floor, goes to Yoongi, and then back down. 
The room is quiet for a few minutes, neither of them moving or making to speak. Something claws itself up inside of Jimin, like a dull aching hunger, and he kind of wants to just. Lie down. Listen to some sad music. And cover himself in the dark. “Do you think…” he starts, and Yoongi’s eyes move up, “...that what I’m doing is meaningless?”
“No,” Yoongi answers without hesitation. He closes his laptop, bringing the screen down, and unplugs his other ear. “What are you talking about, though?”
“I just think… maybe sometimes what I’m doing is just an escape from reality,” Jimin muses. He tries his best to make it sound like he doesn’t care, like what he’s saying is just a curious thought he had one day. It is, after all. “Whenever I...ship, I guess. Do you think it’s a bad thing?”
“You said so yourself, didn’t you? That it’s not unless you get too carried away with it.”
“I know, but. You asked before, right? Why other people and not myself. Do you think it’s bad for me to find happiness through other people instead of finding my own? Like after all this is said and done, and I’m old and none of this matters to me anymore. In the end, it’ll end up amounting to nothing. I’ll still be all alone. So in retrospect, is it just a worthless escape of reality?”
He can hear Yoongi take a deep breath as he thinks of what to say. For some reason, it makes Jimin a little more uneasy, a little more down.
“Jimin,” he calls. “I don’t think it’s particularly bad that you find happiness in seeing other people. I think that’s a rather kind way of living, in fact.” (“Oh,” Jimin mumbles.) “However... I don’t think it should be your only source of happiness in life. It’s fine to keep doing what you like to do, as long as you’re content. If you’re not, though, that’s when you have to think again.”
“Okay,” Jimin nods, looking down. “Thank you, hyung.”
“But I also want you to consider,” Yoongi continues, looking straight at him, “that you can look around and see that you’re the only one standing alone, but finding a significant other is not the only way to be happy. Being alone is lonely only if you think so. Whether you find happiness in relationships, or in success, or in wealth, that’s all up to you.”
“Okay,” Jimin repeats, a little more vulnerable. Yoongi gives him a small smile in encouragement.
“It’s not something you have to figure out in one day. You have time.”
“Yeah,” Jimin breathes. And then, because the conversation is weighing him down, “So, what are you watching?”
“A movie,” Yoongi responds, opening his laptop screen again. Jimin nods again. “Want to watch with me?”
He looks at the elder, blinking at the sudden invitation. “Sure,” Jimin says, and to his surprise Yoongi pats the seat beside him. Jimin, looking down at his jeans and outside clothes, climbs onto his roommate’s bed after a moment of hesitation. Yoongi doesn’t seem to mind, however, and he offers Jimin one of his earbuds.
Jimin accepts it quietly, watching as Yoongi scrolls to the bottom and drags the slider, already halfway through the movie, back to the very beginning. The opening music plays softly in his ear, soothing enough that it makes him just a bit warmer.
It’s the way he sits, maybe, that makes Yoongi seem a little taller than him at this moment. Jimin looks up at his hyung, and Yoongi’s face is just a bit wiser, just a little cooler, just a little bit more reliable than usual.
“Can you hear?” Yoongi asks him, looking down, and Jimin nods and turns back to the screen, opening credits nearly finished rolling. The outside sky is a little bit darker than before, but they don’t need to turn on the lights just yet.
Neither of them move, and outside of the faint sounds from the computer is comfortable silence. Jimin can hear his socks against the sheets, his swallows of saliva, can feel Yoongi’s body rising and falling with his breathing. He glances up again, and slowly lowers his head so that it rests on top of Yoongi’s shoulder.
Yoongi doesn’t say anything, but he shifts just a little lower for him.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



