



ill burn your name into - faguettenoodles - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

i'll burn your name into my throat//todobaku
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14781563.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M, Other
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Todoroki Shouto
Character:
Bakugou Katsuki, Bakugou Katsuki's Parents, Todoroki Shouto, Todoroki Enji | Endeavor, Midoriya Izuku, Midoriya Inko
Additional Tags:
another damn trans bnha fic, s u e m e, kind of a vent, might contain triggering content so please be careful, Trans Bakugou Katsuki, I stg, Disapproving Parents, trans au whoops, Bisexual Todoroki
Stats:

        Published: 2018-05-28
          Completed: 2019-05-14
          Chapters: 7/7
        Words: 12464
      

i'll burn your name into my throat//todobaku
by faguettenoodles
Summary
You're going to be okay, kid.
Notes
this fic will contain some sensitive and triggering topics such as major gender dysphoria, and minor self harm implications--please read with caution, and remember to take care of yourselves.




stop stalling, make a name for yourself




It started when he was six. First, it was the anger that rose within him every time he looked at himself in the mirror. Then, it was the violent fits when he heard people talking about his future. The discomfort whenever he bathed. The explosions he'd set off in annoyance when school started. Those stupid fucking holidays that forced him into frilly dresses and pink outfits. The look his father gave him when he insisted on doing his hair up in a braid or curling it for dinner parties. 

And he soon realized the older he got, the worse it was going to get. 

When he started high school, it seemed things couldn't get any more detrimental...though he was thoroughly surprised when his teenage years proved to be the epitome of absolute shit. At eleven years old he opted to come out to his family, though that proved to be quite disastrous for him due in part to the fact that his father wasn't the most...

accepting

; Masaru wasn't an asshole after he came out, just, distant. Colder. He refused to be alone in a room with his son after he came out, and he barely engaged in deep conversation. Small talk always ended in awkward silences. The only words they exchanged were simple commands and requests, and half-hearted greetings and farewells. Even after three and a half years, Masaru rarely--if ever--had heart to heart conversations with his son. The pain from the indirect action no longer bothered Katsuki as much as it had the first few months around--he was used to it now. Numb to it. 

His mother, although not too bothered by his coming out, was also not accepting at first; she figured her son was different, though she refused to believe what he had told her. Mitsuki pushed any thought of her son's differences out of her mind. She didn't want to believe that he was so unusual--that one day he would wake up and he wouldn't be her little princess anymore. 

Unlike Masaru however, Mitsuki was able to get over herself and her fears and support her son. Of course she was hesitant, but she loved Katsuki unconditionally, and would do everything in her power to see him happy and comfortable with his body. 

Even if it meant dealing with his insatiable temper and seemingly never ending mood swings. 

A week after Katuski turned fifteen, he found himself sitting in front of the full body mirror that was nailed to the wall facing his window. He was in a baggy hoodie and shorts with his ash blond, rib length hair pushed up into a cap. He held dirty crafting scissors from Deku in his right hand. With the opposite, he pulled the cap off of his head and let his hair tumble over his shoulders and back. He stared at his reflection for a moment before he felt anger bubble up inside of him. His stare turned into a hard scowl; tears started to form in the corners of his vermilion eyes, and before he knew it, he was roughly chopping at the blond locks of hair. He stopped only when his tears had clouded his vision enough to make it hard to see how much he had actually cut off. He didn't look in the mirror for a good twenty minutes. 

When he finally did, he found that his hair was spiky and uneven and wonderfully fucking short. 

When Katsuki was accepted into U.A high later that night via email, the first thing he did was tell his mother. She wasn't the slightest bit surprised that her son had cut his hair--frankly, she was actually impressed at how seemingly even the style was. Though, she was surprised by how his voice sounded. Deep and raspy, like he had just screamed for an hour straight. She had noticed him starting to deepen it forcibly, though this was different. His voice was quiet. He was struggling to do more than croak. 

Mitsuki wanted so bad to take away the pain that he was so obviously going through, even if she didn't understand it. She hated this mute, constantly angry version of her little girl--

boy

--and wanted nothing more than to see him smile like he did the day his quirk manifested. 

 

He noticed a difference in his mood when he met that stupid half and half bastard. He felt himself starting to hyperfocus more and more on his obnoxiously pretty face--focusing less on his own body and its stupid shape. Katuski felt himself falling for him despite his best efforts to stop himself from doing so-having an obviously unrequited crush on a boy like him would fuck his life up. 

It was fifth period on a windy February day when he felt a tap on his shoulder made him jump in surprise. "What the fuck do you want?" he asked in a harsh and deep voice that quickly turned into a high pitched yelp of embarrassment. After months of painfully obvious pining, this was the last straw to tip Katsuki over the edge--he was 

definitely 

in love with this stupid bastard. Shouto stood behind the blond with a bouquet of red hydrangeas in hand and wore a timid expression on his stupidly gorgeous face. He opened his mouth to say something, but finding that nothing would come out right, Katsuki just watched the boy in front of him gather up his courage and take a deep breath. 

"Be my boyfriend," he said in a blunt voice, his eyes playful and bright like a child in a toy store. 

If he wasn't blushing before, he most definitely was now and it was painfully prominent because Todoroki started to turn pink too. How a boy like Shouto would want to date a boy like Katsuki was beyond him, but he didn't want to turn him down--his feelings for him were just too strong to deny. 

Very obviously clearing his throat to force it deeper, Katsuki looked around for any prying eyes before murmuring a groggy, "yeah. I'll be your fucking boyfriend. Just don't tell your old man." 

Almost as soon as the blond said yes to his request, Shouto grabbed his smaller hand and kissed it. "I'm honoured you said yes." The affection surprised Katsuki and he took a little step back, hiding a would be feminine squeal from it. 

"Y-yeah well...I'll see you tomorrow." Katsuki grabbed his things (including the flower bouquet) and headed toward the front of the room. Aizawa was aware of his secret, and only let him go home when he felt physically ill; and despite gaining a boyfriend in the past five minutes, the thought of being outed freaked him out too much to sit well for the rest of class. 

Sitting in class for the rest of the day meant facing Shouto. Sitting in class those last two hours meant confrontation with someone he absolutely fucking 

adored. 

If Katsuki couldn’t handle himself, how the hell was he supposed to handle his new boyfriend? He needed time to sort his thoughts out. 

When he arrived home, he did something he hadn't since he was about seven years old; he ran up to his mother and embraced her, holding onto the woman as if for dear life. Violent tears ran down his cheeks and quiet sobs threatened to rip out of his throat. She was taken aback, and very obviously worried, so she placed a hand in her sons' fluffy hair and let him cry into her chest as much as he needed. Neither of them spoke for what felt like an eternity. 

When Katsuki finally seemed to calm down a bit, he pulled away, wiping his tears. Masaru had entered upon hearing the noise, but he didn't do anything except watch; his son, nor his wife noticed his presence. 

He still refused to acknowledge Katsuki as his son. 

Brushing back his hair with gentle hands, Mitsuki pressed a gentle kiss to Katsuki’s forehead. She kept her hand in his hair, figuring it would calm him down. She didn't pry, but the worried look in her eyes did prompt Katsuki to tell her what happened, and why he was home from school so early. 

"Shouto," he said quietly after a few moments. His words were heavily calculated. Guarded. His mother knew of his crush on the rich boy, and when he mentioned Todoroki's name, she worked hard to coax the whole sentence out of Katsuki. 

Luckily for her, it worked. 

"We're dating now. B-but-" a muffled hiccup. A quiet laboured breath. "He thinks I'm...well, you know...he thinks I'm cis." 

Mitsuki was lost. Why was passing so well such a problem for him? She rose a brow before asking, "Isn't that the goal?" 

"Well yeah but...Mom, I have to tell him." 

"No, you don't. He isn't obligated to know everything about you." 

"He's my boyfriend. The guy who's going to kiss me and hug me and feel how fucking slender and curvy I am--not even Deku has the body of a fucking girl!" Admitting that made him burst into panicked sobs, and he hugged himself to reassure his brain that he wasn't dying. "What if he breaks up with me and turns into a guy like dad?!" Masaru winced. He didn't say anything though, and just kept watching. 

With a gentle hum, Mitsuki kissed Katuski on the head. "If he's anything like how you've told me, he won't turn his back on you. If he loves you, he loves everything that you are, and everything that you will be." She wiped his tears and rubbed his back as she tried to calm down her panicking son. She closed her eyes. Gave him another kiss on his head. Enveloped him in as safe a hug as possible. She knew he felt safe in his arms. "I've got you, Katsuki. You're going to be okay, kid."




i've never been more scared to be alone
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Needless to say, Katsuki wasn't exactly the epitome of a good boyfriend for the first week of his relationship with Shouto; though, he thanked every deity of every religion that his boyfriend was patient and understanding. It wasn't that Katsuki wasn't into Shouto--he was. He had the biggest fucking crush on the bastard. But in their first week of being in an established relationship, Katsuki had only ever held up a meaningful conversation when they were figuring out the best time to be together after school--and even then, half and half didn't seem to mind that. 

No one in their class had suspected the two were actually a couple until they saw how Shouto looked at his boyfriend. He was never the type to voice his feelings, but he wore his heart on his sleeve.

His relationship with the angry blond seemed to have an affect on the class.

After a week, Katsuki finally decided he'd stop being so goddamn distant and actually indulge in his boyfriend. He made efforts to actually return Shouto the minimal affection he had been receiving lately, to at least let the bastard know he cared about him. Katsuki started to speak more around their two month anniversary, which proved to be a mistake.

"Your voice is a lot different when you aren't yelling," Shouto noted when the two were sat alone on the roof of the school during a break. The comment struck a nerve, but Katsuki couldn't blame him; why get pissed at someone if they're just ignorant to another? It was petty, and as much of an asshole as Katsuki was, he was anything but petty.

"Yeah," was his simple reply. He felt a pair of eyes on him--Shouto obviously wanted an answer longer than that. With a sigh, the blond ran a hand through his fluffy, uneven hair. "I don't fuckin’ know why it does that. It's just...softer when I'm not yelling I guess."

"Fair enough." Shouto shrugged. He put his hand under his boyfriend's and linked their fingers gently. He took it slow, and Katuski was so fucking thankful for that. 

There was one problem that haunted him though: whether or not he should wait to come out to his boyfriend. Would it really matter if he did? Was Shouto attracted to him assuming he was cis? Would he care if he wasn't? Would he be freaked out by it?

"Would I be freaked out by what?" Shouto's voice drew him back to reality and Katsuki stared at him. Had he really said that last bit out loud?

"Uh...nothing."

"You seemed really distressed about whatever it was," his boyfriend pointed out.

"It's fucking nothing, okay?"

Shouto stopped pressing him then, going quiet after muttering a small, "okay." He was polite, and respectful of Katsuki and he appreciated that more than he could put into words; but he couldn't get over the feeling that Shouto wouldn't react well to his coming out. He forced himself to stay closeted, no matter how much of a strain it put on him mentally.

However, fate was fussy, and things almost never worked out for Katsuki when it was involved.

Katsuki had invited Shouto over to his house for a study session, his mother wanting to meet his boyfriend. She was relatively respectful of the two, and left them alone often, but she would barge into her son's room with an excuse 

every time

.

"He gets hungrier when he's working hard." It wasn't exactly a lie, but that didn't mean he wasn't flustered by it.

When his mother had finally left them alone to work on their papers, Katsuki let out a sigh of relief. He was a very obvious shade of red, and apparently, Shouto found that "cute." (Which it absolutely was not, Katsuki argued.) He was glad that his mother had finally left the two boys alone. His relief was short lived, though. There was a knock on his bedroom door about twenty minutes after Mitsuki left. 

"What the hell do you want?" The blond snapped, his eyes fixated on his homework papers; his boyfriend was leaning over him, his chin on Katsuki's shoulder as they reviewed his work. He figured it was his mother trying to give them another round of snacks; when he looked up at the opened door, his heart stopped and the colour drained from his face. He was stiff against his lover, and he seemed to sense it too.

"Kaida-" Katsuki winced as if he were struck in the head. 

That's not my name.

 "-it's rude to not introduce your father to your...boyfriend." Masaru crossed his arms and tapped his foot expectantly. He'd been treating his son differently since he cut his hair and gone by Katsuki. He was short tempered. 

Like he was trying to find a reason to break their familial association with each other. 

With his mouth suddenly dry, and his shoulders slumped slightly, he quietly said, "Dad, Shouto. Shouto...this is my dad." He couldn't feel Shouto's warmth against his back anymore; his shoulder was void of the face that was nestled in it just a moment ago. When he subtly searched for his boyfriend, he found that he had stood up, bowing to his father respectfully. The action surprised him a little, but the Todoroki family was pretty avid on the whole "traditions" thing. 

When Shouto stood up to his full height, he rubbed the back of his neck. "Uh...why'd you call him Kaida?" The blond winced again.

 Fuck! Please don't tell him. 

He was silent. Katsuki would rather admit silent defeat than triumph in tears. 

Masaru rose a brow, as if the answer should have been obvious. "Because Kaida is her name." 

The two didn't exchange any further conversation. In fact, before Shouto could say much else, Masaru had closed the door with a bit too much force. Shouto turned to face Katsuki, but he was sat in a limp posture with his head down, avoiding any eye contact. His hands were in his lap, and he suddenly became really interested in the buttons of his uniform shirt. If that wasn't already worrying to Shouto, then the tear stains he saw appear on his uniform were. "Hey...your dads’ an asshole," he said in an attempt to get Katsuki to calm down. When he reached out to touch his shoulder, Katsuki backed away a few centimeters. 

"No, he isn't. He's just..." The blond sighed. Why defend his father when he just fucking outed him to the one person who meant the world to Katsuki? "I'm sorry, Shou." The words tasted like poison in his mouth. Sorry? What was he sorry for? He shouldn't have to be sorry, but he couldn't think of anything else to say. 

"For...?" 

Katsuki looked up when he said that. His vermilion eyes were bloodshot from the strenuous effort to hold back his tears. "For fucking lying to you," he cried. "For leading you on, making you believe that I'm-" The tears he had worked so hard on holding back started to spill over, rolling down his cheeks in silence. His voice hitched, and as he got quieter, it returned to its normal tone--deep, but deep for a girl. "-cis. I'm not. I don't have a dick, I don't have a deep voice, I don't have what you have, I don't have anything that makes me a boy and I'm sorry. I'm fucking sorry." 

Shouto was silent for a moment. Whether he was stunned, or worried, or agitated, Katsuki didn't know. His two toned eyes weren't exactly boring into his boyfriend, but they didn't seem too kind either. Just as Katsuki stood up to leave, he was held back. Shouto wrapped his arms around the slightly smaller boy in a tight embrace and held him against his chest; to his surprise, Katsuki reciprocated the action, his arms wound tightly around his lover. His face sank against the warmth of his shoulder, and his watery red eyes closed. 

"I'm just scared of being alone again. That's why I didn't tell you," he muttered into his shirt, his breathing starting to stabilize as he listened to Shouto's heartbeat. Opening up wasn’t exactly his forte, but it just felt right to do so with Shouto. "I figured you didn't want a boy like me I guess." 

A hand started to sift through his choppy blond hair, and before he knew it, he wasn't panicking anymore. He was safe. "It doesn't really matter to me," Shouto muttered. "I'd love you either way, Katsuki." 

The smallest smile spread across his lips, though he didn't come out of Shouto's chest--he was too comfortable. 

"Katsuki?" 

"Mm." 

Shouto let his nose fall into his boyfriend's blond hair. "I've been scared of being alone my whole life." 
 



Chapter End Notes
okay so like let me clear something up y'all:in this chapter, when kacchans having his like breakdown in his room with todo, he says "i dont have a dick, i dont have a deep voice," etc.. I'd like to clear up that!!IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU DON'T HAVE THE PHYSICAL ATTRIBUTES OF A MALE, IF YOU IDENTIFY AS A BOY THEN YOU A R E A BOY!!due to this fanfic being mostly a vent fic for me, kacchan has a lot of the dysphoric moments i do--which includes massive self doubt and such due to how society views gender n shit.if you identify as a certain gender, then you ARE that gender. your pronouns and gender should be respected.y'all're valid, drink your water, eat good meals and take your meds; y'all are loved_______also sorry for making yall wait so long for this chapter rfjkddshfgh


but who could love me right? i'm out of my mind
Chapter Notes
WARNINGthis chapter contains some triggering content (such as allusions to poor mental health, and gender dysphoria)if any of those subjects trigger you, please skip this chapter. (it shouldn't be too detrimental to the story if you skip, and if you have any questions, please dont be afraid to ask).Take care of yourselves, drink water, eat three meals a day and take y'alls meds, y'all're loved and valid asdfhg




Since coming out to him, Katsuki found that his bond with Shouto had grown stronger. Whether that was the feeling of being out, or the fact that their relationship progressed since then he'll never know. But what he did know was that he felt a lot different than he had when school started; he felt almost as if he was walking on air. Was it the freedom of being who he really was to someone as important as Shouto? Or was it that things were finally looking up in his life, which was seemingly a series of unfortunate events. He settled for the first, hoping that his time on this fucking earth would actually amount to something other than suffering. 

It was the universes' way of putting him in his place. Reminding him he was but a speck of matter on a planet too large for one man. 

Katsuki was even more distant with his family after that little incident with his boyfriend and his father, though he was relatively okay for the weeks to come. His mother let him stay out later if he was with Shouto. She would comfort him as best she could on days where his dysphoria was out of hand; she'd buy him spicy candy, or that cinnamon gum everyone hated except him. Mitsuki would hold her son against her heart, if he allowed, and stroke his hair while he told her all the shitty things about himself. He found that their relationship had only grown stronger since he came out to her. She'd bring him small portions of dinner when he wouldn't come down to eat, or bring home lame eighties movies for him to watch in his room when he wasn't up to doing anything at all.

Best of all, she understood how shitty his brain was. She understood that some days he felt like he was king of the world, and other days he felt like nobody would budge if he were gone. She validated every up and down he had, whether it be mentally or physically, and she made sure he knew he'd be okay. 

But she couldn't stop it from hurting every time. There were days where Katsuki couldn't bring himself to get out of bed, let alone get up to eat. There were times when he had to FaceTime his boyfriend just so he could stop himself from doing stupid and irrational impulse decisions; the action seemed feeble to him, but it seemed to actually work. Shouto was understanding of Katsuki's situation, and he helped in anyway he could. 

But what he hated most was hiding it from his mother. Over these past few weeks, the two had gotten a lot closer but Katsuki was still cautious; he didn't want to hurt one of the only people in his life who made him feel okay. 

Who made him feel like a normal boy.

It was a Friday afternoon, and the weather was abnormally warm for a spring month; U.A wasn't exactly prepared for such a drastic weather change, so they had hastily bought and set up spinning fans in each classroom. Thankfully though, Katsuki wasn't as overdressed as he thought. Which meant he didn't have to take too many layers off to cool off. 

But that also meant he had less layers between that shitty body of his, and himself. 

When they were dismissed for lunch, he stayed behind. Watched his fellow classmates walk out of the room merrily. Watched a few students from class 1-B pass by outside. Lost in thought as he stared out the window, he didn't recognize the arms slipping around his waist from behind. 

"Who the fu-" 

"Who else?" Shouto mumbled against the blond's ear, biting it playfully. Katsuki yelped; he put his hands on his boyfriend's and turned around. 

"Fuck off," he murmured before pressing their lips together. The couple had just started to kiss each other confidently, and were happy to really do so anywhere. Chuckling against his lips, Shouto pulled back. 

The look in his gorgeous eyes made all of Katsuki's insecurities seemingly disappear, if only for a moment. 

And only a moment it was. 

When the boys pulled away from each other, Katsuki gently took Shouto's hands, pulling them off his waist and linking their fingers lightly. His head fell against his boyfriend's shoulder, his nose pressed into his neck; no one was in the class with them so their PDA wasn't particularly disturbing anybody. 

Which meant Katsuki didn't have to hide as much as he did. He could drop the facade, leave the wall he built behind. 

"Are you okay?" 

The question caught him by surprise, though he didn't exactly seem too perplexed by it. Of course Shouto would ask him that; he wasn't acting like himself, and he sure as hell looked way too out of it for comfort. 

While Katsuki had come out to him, he hadn't exactly told Shouto everything that came with being trans. He hadn't touched on his poor mental health, due mostly in part that he didn't want to scare him off; sure, Shouto was smart, and he understood Katsuki's position somewhat, but he could never know the severity of his boyfriend's mental health. 

Nor could he begin to fathom the feeling of being in a body that didn’t feel like your own. 

"Tired," Katsuki replied, pulling away to gather his things into his backpack. 

"Is that all?" 

He hated how perceptive Shouto could be--especially since he didn't forget what he noted; he hated how obvious his emotions were to the other boy, solely because Shouto paid attention to them. With a silent sigh, and a slump of his shoulders, Katsuki shook his head. 

There were beads of sweat forming on the back of his neck where the collar of his shirt met the baby hairs on his skin. 

"Summer is shitty," he said, frustration apparent in his voice. He reluctantly met Shouto's eyes while he fiddled with the buttons on his shirt, fanning himself with it. The sticky air grudgingly drifted in through the open class windows. 

It was silent for a moment, as Katsuki tried to find the right words to say. "I can't just--take my shirt off and walk around like that you know? My binder gets sweaty and gross, and uncomfortable. It's fucking annoying." 

Shouto was still for a second. He wasn't stunned, though he wasn't unfazed either; rather, he was taken aback. Finally, he opened his mouth to speak. "I wish I could fix you, Katsuki." 

"How the fuck would you do that?" 

"You know." He pointed to his boyfriend's body half-heartedly. "

You

. I wish I could like, cast a spell. Make your body the way it should be." 

You deserve to love yourself the way I love you

, he wanted to say. Katsuki was quiet, nibbling on his lower lip while he watched Shouto. 

"...I wish I could love myself," he finally replied. He took Shouto's hand as they walked out of the classroom for lunch. "I wish I could look at my body and my curves and think 

,whatever

." He felt lips against his fingers, and then blood rushing to his cheeks. When he turned to gaze at his lover, he was taken aback by the tears in his eyes. "Shou?"

The other boy waved his free hand dismissively. "I'm alright."

"No, you aren't dumbass, come here." Katsuki pulled his boyfriend in for a tighter hug than Shouto anticipated, though neither argued about it. He pressed a kiss to his left ear, entertaining himself by watching the frost that appeared wherever Katsuki's lips touched. "We're like those cheesy ass love dramas, you know?" 

"How so?" 

"It's you and I against the world." 
 



i want to scream 'i love you' from the top of my lungs
Chapter Notes
TW!! allusions to transphobia

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




There were pros and cons to every relationship; no couple would be "the perfect couple" because, to put it simply, perfect people didn't exist. So it was no surprise when Katsuki and Shouto started to argue every now and again, though over mostly trivial things; they understood each other, and they trusted each other to be faithful and do their part for the both of them. Though, not every fight was one to be worried about in the long run. This one though...this one would be on Katsuki's mind for the next few weeks. His boyfriend had suggested that Katsuki meet his dad, which wouldn't have been a problem if he weren't wary of his dad. No big deal though, apart from the fact that his father was the number two pro hero Endeavor; not to mention the guy was fucking terrifying. Besides his father being nightmare material to literally any sane human, Katsuki was nearly paralyzed by the fear of not passing well. If he didn't, he was sure Endeavour would chew him out. However, if he did pass well, then what were the chances he would do so every time he met with Shouto's father?  Just the thought sent him into a panic. The last thing he wanted was for Endeavor to find out that his son was dating a boy like him. The last thing he wanted to do was force Shouto into such a position. A week passed since Shouto had suggested that-and today was finally the day. He had gone over to Katsuki's place to pick him up, having decided it would be better to introduce him over dinner. Luckily, no one was home and when his boyfriend opened the door, he couldn't help but grin as he stepped inside. With an arm wrapped firmly around his waist and one resting gently on his cheek, Shouto gave the blond a sweet peck on the lips. They hadn't kissed properly yet-they weren't ready. Neither had any complaints about that though; they wanted each other to be comfortable. A quiet hum left Katsuki's lips, followed by a quiet, "What if he thinks I'm sick or something?" It was a legit question, and Shouto knew that. He was silent for a minute before he headed to Katsuki's room, the boy beside him as he walked. "I'm not going to lie and say he'll love you. Hell-he doesn't even love his own kids. But he isn't going to say that. His pride is too far up his ass for him to actually say what he thinks about you." "Geez, at least sugar coat it." Shouto glanced at his boyfriend before he kissed his cheek affectionately. "You know I don't do that." Katsuki sighed, crossed his arms stubbornly. "Why are we up here?" He stepped away from Shouto, and into his room; he sat on the bed, though kept his eyes on the other boy. "I'm gonna help dress you," Shouto said simply. There wasn't a trace of anything else in his words. "Dress me? Sho, I'm not a fuckin' toddler." He wasn't listening. Shouto sifted through the closet in silence, examining countless shirts and jeans and cardigans; nothing was to his taste. "Do you have any button down shirts that aren't part of your uniform?" He turned, and Katsuki pointed to a dark oak dresser in the corner of the room. "Thanks." There weren't many options for him to work with but no matter-Shouto would find something along the lines of formal to help his boyfriend pass better, even if it meant continuously searching through the same six shirts. It really didn't take him long to put together the outfit he had envisioned. Red button down, black jeans with holes in the knees. It wasn't too much, wasn't anything super fancy, but it fit Katsuki. He popped the collar and adjusted the belt. He put a hand on his cheek again. "Hey, look at me." His voice was quiet. Gentle. Katsuki did, lifting his vermilion eyes up to meet ocean blue and storm grey. "You're going to be okay." "I'm just nervous." He slipped his hand down to Shouto's free one, linking their fingers. Katsuki's hands were always a lot warmer than Shouto's, but neither of the boys really cared. It was one of those unspoken joys of their relationship--a sort of taboo thing to dwell on for too long. They liked it like that. "We'll be okay. I promise you." 
 Needless to say, their trip to Shouto's house was a literal disaster. The minute Shouto walked in hand in hand with Katsuki, his father gave a disgusted, "really?" As if that weren't enough, he had the audacity to negatively bring up Shouto's relationship during dinner, belittling it constantly. If anything, Enji was pissed that his son wouldn't have a normal relationship. It wasn't that he hated Katsuki (he did, just not for the obvious reason), it was more that he hated...Katsuki. And when dinner was over, he still wouldn't let the boys be alone. Or leave. So they begrudgingly stayed after dinner. At some point after dinner, Katsuki excused himself to leave for the bathroom. He wasn't angry at Enji-it wasn't his fault. The real anger exploded inside of him when he looked in the mirror for the first time that night--and found that he really didn't pass. At all. Hot tears pooled in his eyes, and he felt a seething hatred rise within him. It was always there in him, always swirling through his veins like the blood that occupied them. He had hated himself  since he understood what the fuck it meant to be trans. He wasn't angry at Enji. He was more so upset with the fact that he had looked like a fool. Maybe he was. Maybe he really was just looking for attention. Maybe he wasn't constantly frustrated with his own body; forced into a shit-storm of liking and hating what he was born with. Because he wasn't in the wrong body, his body was just made...wrong. It wasn't made to his liking. He stared at his reflection in the mirror. It didn't stare back. It wasn't him. He felt like he was having a weird out of body experience except he wasn't. He was still standing there, staring at...whoever was in the mirror. Tears were rolling down his cheeks. At some point, he heard Shouto walk in to check on him. He felt out of it still. His body was on auto-pilot. The Katsuki that had arrived at the Todoroki household had retreated back into himself; the Katsuki that left wasn't the same as the one who had entered. He thanked Enji for the food. He bid the hero goodbye. Shouto walked his boyfriend back home, though he said nothing. He let Katsuki hold his hand as tight as he needed to as they walked. Night time had set in, though the moonlight wasn't romantic; the stars lost their beauty and the crickets had gone silent. Katsuki wasn't aware of any of those things. "Babe...do you want me to stay over...?" Shouto had asked when they reached the front door. He felt horrible for putting Katsuki through that painful visit. His boyfriend shook his head and gave him a weak smile. "That's okay," he uttered through lips that didn't feel like his own. "I'll call you in the morning, okay? I'm probably gonna knock the fuck out." He reluctantly pulled his hand away. He was painfully aware of how cold and empty it felt. He opened the door. Bid Shouto his own goodbye, though this one felt more like a farewell. He didn't know why. When he got inside the dark home, he sat against the stairs. He wondered why he never felt real. He never felt really happy. He had a taste when he was with Shouto, or his mother, or sometimes even Deku--but that wasn't the kind of happiness he strove for. What he felt with them was euphoria. He didn't want that. The moon rose higher. He hadn't moved from where he sat on the stairs. He curled in on himself, whilst he hugged his own body. His fingertips dug into his sides as he closed his eyes and settled in to sleep. 



Chapter End Notes
9/18/18WHEW that was a ride. but hello friends!! the amount of support i've gotten on this fic is EXTREMELY heart warming asdfgh like !!!!!! the comments some of you have left make me smile more than anything, and i'm so grateful that some of you have found yourselves in this fanfic,,,because you're not alone!! writing my dysphoria into the story has helped me LOADS and i only hope it will do the same for some of you.apart from the sappy stuff, here's a lil update: chapter five is in the works!! if you guys would like to talk to me beyond commenting, feel free to do so on instagram!! @actualturniptyler


convince myself to come clean
Chapter Notes
TW!! mentions of suicide/suicidal ideation and self harm. Please PLEASE proceed with caution.you are not alone.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"...advise you to seek medical attention." He looked up, eyes unfocused, right leg bouncing. He hadn't remembered spacing out, though he was still on auto-pilot from that night with Endeavour. "What?" He cleared his throat-- deepened his voice forcefully. "Sorry say that again?" Midnight rose a brow, but she did as requested. "I was just telling your mother-...I feel like you should see someone, Katsuki."  His immediate reaction surprised even him. "I don't need a therapist. I'm not fucking suicidal." Even as he said it, the words felt...off. If he was being honest with himself, he really wasn't suicidal--but he didn't exactly want to live. Hard as it was to rationalize the statement with himself, he knew he needed help. He couldn't go on like this for the rest of his miserable life. It wasn't like he was going to kill himself. He liked being alive; seeing the world, seeing Shouto, seeing his mom--it wasn't something he wanted to just drop. So no. He wasn't suicidal. But he sure as hell preferred the certainty death came with. His mother put a hand on her son's. "Katuski, I think she's right...you've been worrying me lately.." That hurt him more than a punch to the chest would, but he wasn't budging. He didn't need help. "I'm fine." Before Midnight, or his mother could stop him, Katsuki was already out of his chair and on his way out of the office. He made his way back to class, grumpily. His schoolmates watched him, but didn't say much. Nobody except the staff, and his boyfriend, knew but some students had had an inkling that Katsuki wasn't...a normal boy. They saw it in the way he moved. The way he held himself. How he talked in a way that purposefully seemed to take up every bit of air in the room; he seemed to only speak when his voice was groggy, or when it was hoarse. When he gave short answers, his voice was abnormally high. Nobody paid much attention to him apart from that, figuring that it must have been a side effect of his quirk. Most people at U.A had weird perks to their bodies due to their powers. He sank in his seat; Shouto watched carefully. There were silent tears of panic running down his face, but he didn't notice; even if he did, he didn't give two shits. Others, however, noticed it. They didn't say anything to Katsuki directly, but he heard the whispers. The murmurs behind him. He brought a knee up to his chest as he sat, silently taking down what notes he needed too. It got worse after lunch. A seam on his binder had begun to rip during quirk training, and the longer he wore it without taking it off, the worse the rip was getting. By sixth period, it had nearly ripped halfway. He was in the middle of class when he stretched his arms above his head and took a deep breath. The rip was audible, which raised suspicions. On Katsuki's end, it was like a grenade being set off in his mind. His eyes widened a little. Aizawa and Katsuki's gazes met, and he swore his teacher was telling him calm down. Breathe. Except he couldn't. His binder was the only thing holding him together, and it had broke. In public. Wearing it so often had wore it thin, and Katsuki wasn't sure how to deal with that. He often dealt with more top dysphoria than bottom, and this had been the last straw; he had no means of fixing it, no means of buying a new one. He was capital f, Fucked. Whatever mental stability he had built up during the day let loose like a dam. He stood up, storming out of the classroom and down the hall. He didn't know where he was going. He just needed to get out before someone saw him. Who knows what people would say if they saw Katsuki Bakugou in the midst of a nervous breakdown.  He didn't return to class. His boyfriend showed up to his dorm after school with his backpack and a note from their teacher. Shouto invited himself into the room. It was clean. There were no papers on the floor, no sheets or clothes thrown around. It did, however, reek of nitroglycerin and iron; which could only mean one thing. He walked further into the room, only to find Katsuki sat in a corner, his knees up against his chest. There were scorch marks on the walls and floor, and smoke lazily drifting through the air. Katsuki's hands were blistered and irritated and kinda bloody. He seemed half awake, which Shouto attributed to him probably holding back with this explosions. The most disturbing part? Shouto wasn't surprised. He crouched beside Katsuki and checked his breathing. Once deemed okay, he sat beside his boyfriend against the wall, and wrapped an arm around his shoulder. "You're okay," he murmured, closing his eyes and resting his face in Katsuki's hair. "I love you." It seemed this happened too often: Katsuki gets set off, Shouto assures him he's fine, they share a sweet moment and all is well...until it isn't. Katsuki subconsciously buried himself into his boyfriend's side. The scent of iron hit Shouto in waves, and he found himself growing colder with panic...literally. There was frost forming on his right side. He grabbed Katsuki's hand gently in his own, and turned it slightly. Nothing. He inspected his wrists and forearms. Nothing. So when the smell hit him again, he pulled away and lifted Katsuki's head. Perfect parallel lines formed a trail across his collarbones, and the crook of his neck; then is shoulder, and the top of his bicep. Droplets of blood seeped from the broken skin. He sucked in a breath. "Come on," Shouto muttered, picking up a half conscious Katsuki. "Let's clean you up." There were still tear stains on his face, more prominent now that there was soot on his skin. In the safety of Shouto's arms, he passed out, head pounding from his sobs, body aching due to a lack of control.  
Katsuki awoke in Shouto's bed that night, wiping the sleep from his eyes with his right hand. He didn't sit up, finding that he lacked the energy to do so. His left arm ached. He knew why. Regret flooded his senses, causing tears to pool in his vermilion eyes. He didn't make any noise though. His tears just kinda flowed down his face. Shouto wasn't beside him, but he was there. He sat at his desk, working on the homework that needed to be done for the following day; he had copied notes down in Katsuki's notebook earlier, and he had brought up some dinner as well. It was still warm. "I'm sorry," Katsuki found himself saying, sitting up slowly. He was wearing a hoodie. It wasn't his. Shouto turned. He was dressed in a t shirt and grey sweats with his hair tied back in a tiny ponytail. "How'd you sleep?" He asked, ignoring the apology. Two could play at that game. "I'm sorry," he said again, frowning. A silence settled over the room. Katsuki wiped his eyes and pulled the hood up above his head. Shouto didn't speak for a few moments, eyeing his lovers' every move. Finally, after what seemed like forever, he managed, "why didn't you tell me?" "How was I supposed to?" A sigh. Shouto stood, grabbing the bowl of food and making his way to the tatami mat his boyfriend had slept on. "Eat." "Are you going to ignore me?" "Eat, Katuski." He thrust the bowl into his hands, along with chopsticks. He ran a hand through his bangs and waited. "I really am sor-" "Eat first." Katsuki knew better than to try again, and so he quietly indulged in his food. It was still warm, thanks to Shouto's quirk. Upon finishing, he handed the bowl back. He waited until Shouto turned back to him to look him in the eye. "Is there anything else I should know?" Shouto asked, kindness in his voice. Katsuki was thankful for it. He let out a sigh of relief. "Midnight wants to put me under suicide watch for a few nights. She suggested I see someone." "You should." Silence filled the room once more. Katsuki could have sworn he could hear his boyfriend's thoughts. Finally, "I need a new binder." "I know." "I'll get help when I get a new one." It sounded so ridiculous that Katsuki almost wished he could take it back; it sounded way better in his head. "What else do you want to tell me?" Shouto reached across and grabbed his hand. He squeezed it as a show of support. "There's nothing else to tell you. You've seen it whether I wanted you to or not." Katsuki leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss to Shouto's lips. This time, he tried not to make it a farewell kiss. 



Chapter End Notes
PHEW that was a heavy one. Not gonna lie, that was kinda hard to write sfsbkbfdi would like to apologize for the wait for this chapter, along with the heavy themes involved. As the end of this fic draws near, i would to remind you guys: the events in this fic are renditions of how i deal/cope/experience my gender dysphoria; i project onto bakguou in this fic as an outlet.  i am okay! and i hope that this story can provide solace to a few of you who see yourselves in bakugou. (sappy note): i've gotten so many comments of people telling me they love how they can relate to bakugou; some have said they feel less alone reading this, and that it has validated their feelings and nnansdffldks you guys don't understand how happy that makes me. I'm glad you are able to find comfort in this, and i wish the best to all of you !! you all deserve sm hhhaskxbd


you're the flowers pressed between the pages of my journal
Chapter Notes
woo second to last chapter finished!! originally i was going to make the ending bittersweet, but tbh,,,,this whole fic is bittersweet so might as well give yall the better ending. i hope you guys enjoy this chapter!!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




With great reluctance, Katsuki went and got help. Or rather, he was brought to a clinic by his mother and boyfriend, and forced to sit through a painstakingly long intake. It was painful--but the worst part was explaining two things: 1) why he shouldn't be hospitalized and 2) why she shouldn't call him Kaida. He wasn't the most open to the very anxiety inducing question "have you ever hurt yourself?" but he had no choice but to answer truthfully, which--unsurprisingly--forced him to reiterate that he shouldn't be hospitalized. As far as he was concerned, this whole intake was fucking dumb and ineffective-why would some random lady need to know what Katsuki refused to acknowledge?Why should a stranger know him better than he knew himself?
 Walking out of the clinic was difficult, as the receptionists seemingly forgot that Katsuki was not Kaida, and that that was kind of the whole fucking reason he was there. He prayed that whoever he was to speak with would know why his name was so important.On the way home, in the back of his mother's car, Katsuki laid his head against Shouto's shoulder. He didn't speak; sometimes he didn't have to. He knew Shouto would understand his needs and wants by the way he moved his body. His boyfriend turned to kiss his blond hair, then rested his hand atop Katsuki's.Mitsuki invited Shouto to stay the night, partly because she didn't trust her son to be home alone for forty-eight hours; she had convinced her husband to leave town for a night, as they hadn't had a proper date in who knows how long. He didn't like the idea of his kid being alone with a boy, but who was he to resist Mitsuki's invitation. When the three of them made it back home, Katsuki thanked his mother for the ride and headed into the house. He and Shouto had missed school that day for his intake, and so they had a bunch of schoolwork to catch up on.Katsuki especially.It took his parents two hours to leave, and even before they did, they fussed over Katsuki. Mitsuki made sure he wouldn't do anything irrational and stupid; Masaru made it very clear that he didn't want to come home to find that Shouto fucked Katsuki. It was an oddly sweet gesture, even if it came out as sounding really fucking weird. By eight, they had finally left the boys alone. The house was quiet for a while. Katsuki had gotten comfortable in black sweatpants and a black UA hoodie; Shouto hadn't changed, sporting a turtleneck and jeans. It wasn't winter, though the winds that came with it had started to batter against the house. It whistled and whined and it was almost enough to hide the panic in Katsuki's eyes. (Curse Shouto to be as observant as he was.)"You'll be fine, you know," he said, resting a hand on Katsuki's shoulder.Katsuki hummed in reply, moving to lay his back against his boyfriend, his knees up to his chest. He pulled the hood over his hair and stared at where his black rug ended and the hardwood floor started.Shouto was used to this kinda thing, where Katsuki wouldn't open say a word for who knows how long. It happened at school more often than he'd like; though it was rare for Katsuki to go mute with his boyfriend. It couldn't be avoided. The only reason Shouto didn't push him was that he simply couldn't fathom what Katsuki was feeling; he couldn't imagine feeling so wrong in a body that was his yet not. He never knew when it was too much for Katsuki to deal with.Because frankly Katsuki was being worn thin by it.His dysphoria was never spoken about when it wasn't needed. Speaking it in conversation was both relieving and annoying, as he became hyper-aware of what was wrong with him. So, whenever he could, Shouto tried not to speak of it--for Katsuki's sake.It was about two hours later when he finally spoke. He sat up properly next to Shouto and grabbed his hand, nervously fiddling with his fingers. "She said she'll try her best to find me a gender therapist.""That's good!""It could take months." While he was excited about potentially getting the help he needed and wanted, he was not excited about the wait. He had waited long enough. He was on his last straw--what if it all went wrong and he never got the treatment he needed? What if he wasn't qualified? What if something happened to his quirk in the process? What if side effects were too much, what if he couldn't make it to the day he started hormones, what if it didn't work, what if he ran out of money for it, what if it didn't help what if it didn't work what if it didn't work what if it didn't work?He wasn't aware he was hyperventilating until Shouto squeezed his hand and said, "you're okay.""I can't fucking do this," he mumbled, oblivious to the tears pooling in his eyes. "Shouto I can't."It was a day's worth of pent up anger and frustration and sadness and humiliation and it came out as quiet sobs. He was fucking crying. He couldn't take it, and it all came out in a rush. Shouto embraced him tightly, running his long fingers through Katsuki's hair soothingly.Maybe one day Shouto will be able to comfort Katsuki and mean it. 

When Katsuki had finished his homework and the notes he had missed, Shouto picked him up with ease and walked out of the room; Katsuki was surprised that he could do such a thing, seeing as he wasn't small or skinny. He didn't protest, and relaxed against him as he descended the stairs. He was set down at the foot of the steps, while Shouto walked to the kitchen to prepare dinner.Katsuki followed, hating the feeling of being helpless; Shouto didn't let him do much though, only allowing him to make rice. He couldn't be too mad though--he was so nervous about his upcoming appointment that he wasn't in the mood to eat, let alone cook. No matter how many times Shouto urged him it was okay, he couldn't shake the feeling that it wasn't. He couldn't shake the feeling that something shitty would happen. "Katsuki?" He hadn't realized he was dozing off; he subconsciously caught himself on the counter. "Sorry. Sleepy, I guess." "Sleepy? From what?" "Today was fucking exhausting, okay?" He hadn't meant to snap at his boyfriend, but at this point he was too tired to apologize. "Hey, no need to have such an attitude." Katsuki sighed. He held onto his stupid pride too often. "Fuck..." Another sigh. "Babe, I'm sorry. Really." Shouto put up with so much; it was a surprise he could still deal with his boyfriend. He wrapped his arm around Katsuki's hips gently, pulling him into his side; he kissed his head, resting his face into his lovers' fluffy hair. "How've you been?" Shouto played with the fabric of Katsuki's hoodie as he served both of them with one hand. "What? You've been with me all day, every day for the past three days, dumbass." "Doesn't mean I know what's going on inside your brain." "Even I don't know what's going on inside my head." The boys shared a few minutes of solemn silence, though neither of them moved out of the other's grasp. "Let's eat," Shouto finally said, moving away just enough to grab utensils for the both of them. Katsuki shook his head. "I'm not hungry." "Kat, you have to eat. I know you're nervous, but please. Get a little food in your stomach." Sometimes Katsuki felt that Shouto was too insufferable for his own good--sometimes he felt that Shouto was just enough; and sometimes, Katsuki felt like a collector. With every minute they spent together, in each others' presence, he picked up the pieces of a life he knew he could have. It was as if Shouto was the Messiah Katsuki had been waiting for his entire life--a king granting him the freedom he had always yearned for. 

"Kaida-" 

"Katsuki." 

"...Right. Katsuki. Tell me again what it's like?"  His therapist was staring at him like he was fucking crazy which, ironically, was rude as shit. He wasn't fucking crazy. Right?

"Where do I start?" 

"The first time." 

It started when he was six. The anger that rose when he looked in the mirror. The violent fits when adults spoke about his future. 
The discomfort whenever he bathed. The anger when he looked in the mirror. The anger when he looked in the mirror. 

"Tell me why--explain to me the pain you feel." 

"It's not me. That...person in the mirror. It isn't me." 

"What do you mean it isn't you? Do you see someone else?" 
"I...I know it's me. But it isn't me, you know?" 
They wrote something down on their notepad before they asked for a further explanation. 

When he was eleven, he opted to come out to his family, though that proved quite disastrous due in part to the fact that his father wasn't the most...accepting. A week after Katuski turned fifteen, he found himself sitting in front of the full body mirror that was nailed to the wall facing his window in a baggy hoodie and shorts with his ash blond, rib length hair pushed up into a cap. He held crafting scissors he had borrowed from Deku in his right hand. With the opposite hand, he pulled the cap off of his head and let his hair tumble over his shoulders and back. It wasn't him. This wasn't him. He stared at his reflection for a moment before he felt anger bubble up inside of him. His stare turned into a hard scowl; tears started to form in the corners of his vermilion eyes, and before he knew it, he was roughly chopping at the blond locks of hair on his head. 

"Did...did that help you?" His therapist was getting increasingly worried, though that was part of their job, was it not? 

"No. Yes. Fuck, it did in the moment." 

"Katsuki?" 

"What?" 

"From what you've told me these past few weeks...may I ask how your body makes you feel?"

"Shitty." 

"I'm serious. When you look in the mirror, what do you feel?" 

"I..." he paused. How was he supposed to explain it? Everything felt wrong. His body was wrong, it wasn't right, it wasn't supposed to look like this. "I think I was made wrong."

"You think?" 

"I know. I was made wrong." Tears had started to well in his eyes, and as he dwelled on everything wrong with his fucking body, he muttered out three words. "Please help me." 




Chapter End Notes
wanna cry over this fic? listen to idontwannabeyouanymore by billie eilish while reading every sad scene in this fic


this is my body, the only thing i own entirely
Chapter Notes
here we are, folks. the last chapter. it's been fun updating this bad boy and reading all of your comments!! i'm so very thankful for all the support this puppy's received. please enjoy the last chapter of bakugou's story!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"What's it like?" He reached for Katsuki's hand, lacing their fingers together. They were laying in Katsuki's bed, staring at the few stick on stars that remained from his childhood; it was dark, and their glow was just barely visible. They were quiet for a moment."What's what like?" Katsuki turned his head and watched his boyfriend with his vermilion eyes. His voice was hoarse, and quiet--following the sports festival last week, he had lost it. (Thank God.) Not only had so much yelling put a strain on his vocal chords, but the hundreds of eyes watching him had worn him thin emotionally. Overcompensating his masculinity often lead him to breakdown in various ways."You know...being trans...?"Katsuki wasn't sure if he was dreading or anticipating the question these past few months, though a part of him was still kind of happy to answer it. "I can't tell you what it's like, Shou." Katsuki sounded tired, as if the question weighed him down like a tidal wave battering on the coastline . "It's hard to fathom what I feel into words.""Try?" His boyfriend sighed and he sat up. When he got comfortable, he ran a hand through his choppy blond hair."For me," he played with Shouto's hand, not meeting his eyes. Katsuki played with his fingers--or in this case, Shouto's--whenever he got nervous. It was a suppressed habit, of sorts. "Everything is wrong. I was born wrong-""No, Kats-""No, listen. I'm trans, because my brain developed wrong. My brain doesn't match my body. Get it?""...Kind of." Shouto had sat up too by then, his brows furrowed. He really didn't know anything about trans matters, though Katsuki didn't hold it against him--he knew Shouto wanted to learn as much as he could to help in anyway."In the womb...my body was made female, but my brain developed male." He tapped his head to prove a point. "It's like being one thing, and being seen as something else. Like if I look at you and call you Endeavour."Shouto straightened a little, a grumpy expression on his pretty face. "I'm not him.""Exactly." He wasn't sure if he explained it well enough--he did simplify it as much as possible. Silence fell over the room. They seemed to share that a lot, silence. It was their unspoken truce of confidentiality--quiet was their way of showing mutual respect in times of emotional need."Katsuki!" The sound of his mother's voice surprised him, sure, but it was the reason she called him down that made him jump up in excitement. He grabbed Shouto's hand and kissed him quickly--his mind was elsewhere."Let's go. Get dressed."The boys didn't waste any time dressing themselves, throwing on whatever they could; even Katsuki didn't fret about his clothing too much. He had thrown on dark jeans and a t-shirt, topping it off with a light jean jacket. His boyfriend had put on the only clothes that would fit him properly--a dark turtleneck and jeans. Shouto finally spoke once they had both dressed themselves. "Where are we headed?"Shouto sauntered over and enveloped Katsuki in a tight hug, his arms locked firmly around his waist; he leaned down for a passionate kiss, and was happily surprised when his boyfriend returned it with the biggest smile he could muster. "To get my first shot."The look on Shouto's face was beyond what Katsuki could describe it as; he seemed way more surprised than the blond did, which was kinda cute to Katsuki. Shouto grabbed his boyfriend's face and kissed him passionately for a moment before he pulled away with a smile. "I'm so fucking proud of you, Katsuki.""Yeah, well." He chuckled breathlessly. "Couldn't have done it without you."Shouto rolled his eyes. "That was lame as shit," he retorted, pushing his hands through Katsuki's thick hair."Boys! We're gonna be late!"They shared another moment of blissful silence before Shouto brought his face close for a kiss. It was soft, and sweet, and passionate all at the same time. Neither of them wanted to move away until they absolutely had too; they broke the kiss for a breath. Katsuki placed a gentle peck to his boyfriend's cheek before he grabbed his hand and led him downstairs. The two made their way to Mitsuki, who had been waiting by the front door for quite some time."About damn time," she said, stepping forward to give Shouto a hug. With the temporary absence of his own mother, Mistuki had stepped up to treat Shouto as her own. Though, both Shouto and Mitsuki understood that Rei could never be replaced. "Let's go."Recently, Mitsuki had made an effort to make sure Masaru stopped being an asshole regarding their son's gender--and it was paying off. Mitsuki had noticed that her husband had stopped calling Katsuki his daughter, and using feminine pronouns--he still had to work on actually calling him Katsuki, but it was all a process. Masaru was trying, and that's all Katsuki could have asked for from him. To just try.It didn't take too long for them to arrive to the clinic. It was maybe a twenty minute drive, twenty five at most; to Katsuki, however, the ride felt like a million years.Upon arriving, Katsuki was feeling really fucking faint--his head buzzed, his chest tightened, his stomach did flips. He only knew his hands were clammy as shit when he grabbed Shouto's hand to steady himself."Shit, sorry babe."Shouto waved a dismissive hand and chuckled. "Nope, no you're okay. Let's sign you in."Mitsuki kissed her son's head before they walked in.  His appointment didn't last long; in reality, it might've been a good half an hour. After being told how to administer his shots, Katsuki started crying. The doctor explained that this was normal with many of her trans patients, as they were usually overwhelmed with positive emotions. They had waited so long. So it was absolutely no surprise to the doctor that Katsuki had broke down. She readied the syringe and smiled kindly as he collected himself."Okay?" she asked quietly, maintaining eye contact with Katsuki, even while he dried his red, watery eyes. Her kind smile didn't falter.Katsuki grabbed his boyfriend's hand. He wiped his eyes with the other, and smiled at his mother."Thank you," he mouthed.The doctor pushed the needle into his bare thigh, steadying her hand with the other one. She murmured little encouragements to Katsuki as she pushed the contents into his body. "Well," she said, as she pulled the needle out and stepped back to get a band-aid. "Congrats on your first testosterone shot, Katsuki."As they left, Katsuki pulled his mom to the side. He urged Shouto to wait in the car, and even gave him Mitsuki's keys. They watched Shouto leave before turning back to each other.Mitsuki looked concerned. Katsuki kind of averted his eyes. He was always far too proud, even when he shouldn't be--a trait that got worse when puberty hit. It took him a few moments before he actually spoke. "Thanks," he mumbled, sighing. He scratched his head. Rubbed his neck. His palms were heating up quite a lot from the trouble he was having putting his emotions into words. "For um...For doing what you have." As much as he tried to suppress it, Katsuki's eyes began to water again. MItsuki softened up and pulled her son out of the clinic. When his tears started to fall, his hands popped and crackled and the sweet scent of Nitroglycerin filled the air. Feeling the sun on his skin worked wonders to calm him just enough to stop shaking and to stop exploding, but it was the hug from his mother that broke him down even more."I love you," he said into her shirt through his quiet sobs. "I love you so much, mom."Maybe it was how he said it, or the way he cried on her shoulder like a little kid. Maybe it was the way he said mom. Mitsuki ran her hand through Katsuki's hair as he cried. She gave him a kiss to the head and said, "you're doing great, kid."The ride home was quiet. After crying as much as he did, Katsuki passed out pretty quickly against Shouto. His head on his shoulder, their fingers interlocked. He missed a pretty tasteless conversation between his mother and his boyfriend. He only started to wake up when his head was lifted from Shouto's shoulder. "Mm...come on, I was comfortable," he grumbled, rubbing his face with his palms. Shouto kissed him gently."Yeah, but we're back. Take a nap upstairs, I'll be with your mom.""No, stay with me while I sleep--please. You haven't stayed the night in a few weeks." As they walked into the house, he grabbed Shouto's hand again. He squeezed it before heading upstairs to his room with his boyfriend in tow. By then, the sun had started to set--giving everything a soft orange-pink tint. As they settled into Katsuki's bed, Shouto moved to look at Katsuki face to face. He ran a hand through his choppy blond hair."Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?" he whispered.Katsuki sighed quietly to himself. His eyes softened at the sight of his boyfriend and he found himself melting into the hand in his hair. "All the time, Shouto. I've heard it from you multiple times a day.""Can you blame me? Holy shit Suki, everything about you is fucking perfect...""Might I remind you everything that isn't perfect, you gay fuck?""You could, but I wouldn't listen."Shouto kissed him. It was the same as any other kiss they had shared in the past--soft lips pressed gently against the others', Shouto's hands on Katsuki's waist, and their bodies held against one another as if they were each other's saving grace. This time, however, something felt different. It was a good kind of different. Katsuki hated change, especially in his relationship, but this. This was different. It was relieving to be kissed so sweetly after such an exhausting day, and it was only made better when Katsuki put his hands on Shouto's shoulders to bring him closer. Maybe it was the setting sun shining down on them through the window as they kissed. Maybe it was the fact that Katsuki was finally on his way to physically transition. Whatever it was, he found that it felt...perfect. It felt right. Whatever it was that was wrong in his life seemingly disappeared in that moment.When the two pulled away from each other, the looks on their faces were ones of absolute bliss.Katsuki brought a hand up to Shouto's cheek and ran the pad of is thumb over the scar there. HE watched is expression; it was peaceful--serene. "Shouto...I fucking love you. Holy shit.""You're holding me so tenderly just to tell me that?""Hey, it's better than not saying it at all--can't a guy tell his boyfriend that he loves him?"The sun set pretty fast. The two of them eventually settled down into bed together and put on a movie. Katsuki was latched onto Shouto's side, his cheek resting comfortably against his chest. Shouto's fingers sifted slowly through Katsuki's soft blond hair--and it was quickly making him sleepy. With the moon high, the movie droning on, and the feeling of his boyfriend holding him in warm safety, Katsuki fell asleep. "Shouto, can you get the ring light?""Sure thing, your Highness," came his sarcastic reply from the closet. Katsuki had started a little series to document his journey through his transition. Time to him was slow as shit, but as his body started to change, so did his outlook on life. He never wanted to die--dying at sixteen would prohibit him from becoming a hero and helping people. But dying promised the release from this flesh prison that was his body. Katsuki, along with his boyfriend and family, were beyond proud of him for not giving up. Cheesy yes, but sometimes, that's exactly what someone needs to hear.A while had passed since Katsuki's first testosterone shot--and in that time, he and in that time, he had started his second year at U.A. He had grown the tiniest bit, and his voice had dropped significantly. He had even grown the tiniest bit of peach fuzz on his chin. His face wasn't as feminine as it used to be, and he had started to get abs--he had always had a toned stomach, but now the muscle was way more prominent.He faced the problem of having an insane sex drive too--though he wasn't putting any of those details into his videos.He felt a tap on his shoulder, and a little kiss on his ear. "Hey. I have the light set up.""Thank you," he said, drawing out the 'you'. Katsuki turned to face his boyfriend. He snaked his arms around his neck, hands sifting through his fluffy red and white hair. "You're so handsome," he murmured, his eyes half-lidded as he stared at Shouto's lips."You're one to talk, Katsuki. Really..." his voice trailed off as he leaned down to kiss him. It was sweet for a moment...until Shouto pulled Katsuki in by the waist. His hands were firm against his skin--their bodies pressed together as their lips passionately connected."Mm--Shou, wait..." Katsuki said as he started to pull away. "We have to get this done. We can make out later." With a pout, Shouto, agreed. He pecked his lips once more before finishing up the camera set up.Setting up wasn't the hardest part--realistically speaking though, none of it was really hard. After he started testosterone, and started to attend therapy regularly, he was a lot more motivated and willing to do shit. He felt normal, and that showed with how much he was really doing for himself. The videos he made were well edited, and not only were they informative, they were fun.Shouto pressed record as soon as his boyfriend had settled comfortably on the stool before the camera. He gave Katsuki a thumbs up and followed through with their normal routine; Shouto would ask him questions from behind the camera, and Katsuki would answer. How long he'd been on T. Twelve months. How he felt. So, so much better than before. His goals for the next few years. Get my legal name change before I graduate--get my hero license. Eventually get top and bottom surgery. Become the best fucking pro hero to walk this earth. Any other messages for the viewers? Shit happens, life sucks ass sometimes, but there's always something or someone standing beside you. As he spoke, Shouto pulled out his phone and recorded his own little behind the scenes video--and it was just a camera focus of Katsuki's face. He captioned it, "this is genuine happiness."Maybe an hour passed. An hour and a half at most. They wrapped up filming relatively quick, which meant less footage for Katsuki to edit. They packed up the camera equipment and settled on Katsuki's large bed. The two boys spent the time between then and dinner laughing at stupid cat videos and making out. It wasn't long until they were called downstairs.They sat down at the bar counter adjacent to the kitchen; Katsuki's parents both stood in the kitchen itself, talking in hushed tones. There wasn't any food ready, much to Katsuki's disappointment. Shouto grabbed his boyfriend's hand and gave it a squeeze before he brought the hand up to his lips and kissed each knuckle gently. "It's okay," he mouthed against the skin. It felt like he was reassuring himself more than Katuski. Masaru spoke first. "Kai-""Dad.""Katsuki," he corrected quickly, bowing his head in apology. "Your mother and I have...decided to give you your birthday present early." Something was really off about his dad; Masaru was always so reluctant to call him Katsuki. He had never corrected himself that fast. He looked antsy, and he fiddled with a stack of papers in an orange envelope in his hand. Mitsuki took them from him and set the stack on the counter in front of her son. On the top of the package was his name written in neat handwriting."Uh...?""Open it," Masaru urged, smiling. Katsuki squeezed Shouto's hand again, before he took a deep breath and started to undo the string holding the envelope closed. Slowly pulling it away from the papers, he looked up at his mother."Mom, what the hell? You couldn't wait three months to give me a bunch of paper?"She flicked his head and sucked her teeth. "Quit complaining. Turn them over. Your father and I spent a few hours last night filling out everything we needed to."Katsuki grunted but he nodded and turned them around, grumbling a quiet, "what the fuck even are these?" He was deeply afraid they were official papers to kick him out of the house. As irrational as that fear was, he couldn't help but feel that his dad had convinced Mitsuki to get him out of the house and into the dorms, Deku's place, Shouto's. Anywhere but home. Except...it wasn't that. It wasn't that at all. "Happy early birthday, kid," Mitsuki said with a kind smile. He was speechless. Literally fucking speechless. At some point, his eyes started to water and a sob caught in his throat. He let go of his boyfriend's hand to cover his face and the stupid expression on it. He gritted his teeth to conceal any cries that threatened to escape him."Fuck..." he mumbled, his body started to shake a little. He let down the tough guy act and stood up, his head down at the floor. He took the few steps around the counter to hug his mother as tight as he fucking could.
He wondered why he never felt real. He never felt really happy. He had a taste when he was with Shouto, or his mother, or sometimes even Deku--but that wasn't the kind of happiness he strove for. What he felt with them was euphoria.

He didn't want that.
"Mom," he said between quiet hiccups. "Mom, holy fuck..."
She wiped his tears and rubbed his head as she tried to calm down her sobbing child. "I've got you, Katsuki. Shh, shh...You're going to be okay, kid." 
Katsuki squeezed his eyes shut. His tears stained her shirt. She wiped the tears from his cheeks, kissed his forehead. Mitsuki pried him off of her to look him in the eyes. She was tearing up herself. "I love you. You know that I'll stay by your side no matter what."Masaru patted Katsuki's shoulder. "We are beyond proud of you," he said. "Katsuki." When he calmed down and sat back beside Shouto, he couldn't fight the grin on his face. "So?" Shouto urged, elbowing him softly. "Are you gonna tell me what it is they gave you?""You could have fucking looked, you know."Shouto was grinning stupidly too. As Katsuki looked through the papers, he found the one he had been dreaming of ever since he was a kid.
"Even I don't know what's going on inside my head." The boys shared a few minutes of solemn silence, though neither of them moved out of the other's grasp. 
"We thought you might appreciate it if we got these done now," Masaru explained. "Before you get your provisional license."There, in plain black print on the paper in front of him, was a legal document. On the bold black line on the top of the paper stated very clearly what it was. On the line at the bottom of the paper, in bold print, was his name. His full name.
Katsuki Bakugou.




Chapter End Notes
wig! okay thank you so much for reading! it's been an insane run with this fic. thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the support this baby's gotten--every like, comment and read means so much to me. now, onto the serious stuff. gay/lesbian national hotline: 1-888-843-4564 trans lifeline: 1-877-565-8860trevor suicide prevention hotline: 1-800-850-8078for any other hotline not mentioned above, please visit: https://lgbtqia.ucdavis.edu/support/hotlines you are never alone. please remember to take care of yourselves...you're going to be okay, kid.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



