



Im yours hyung - Yoonmin_Trash - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

I'm yours, hyung
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10251077.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook & Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Smut, more smut, Even more smut, Anal Fingering, Stripping, Vibrators, Exhibitionism, Maybe - Freeform, Voyeurism, i guess, Teasing, Jungkook gets fucked against a window, it's great, Porn with Feelings, dom!jimin, sub!jungkook, aka best dynamics ever, Daddy Kink, Praise Kink, ALL THE KINKS
Stats:

        Published: 2017-03-13
        Words: 6243
      

I'm yours, hyung
by Yoonmin_Trash
Summary
You asked for it, now here you go ~ Read 'Teach Me A Lesson, Hyung" and "Take Me, Hyung" prior to this. Will there be another part?Oh darling, this is only the beginning ~
Notes
Long-awaited continuation of this series! A lot goes on it this chapter so please do let me know how you feel ~ I've created a twitter account for y'all to get in touch with me! @keipabtrash or my personal account @chimdaily ~Don't forget to check out my other works! Leave comments to inspire me to write more ;)Now, without further ado. Enjoy ~



I'm yours, hyung

A soft, golden glow streamed through the crack in the curtains, basking Jungkook in the early morning warmth. He was hot, almost uncomfortably so, the blanket sticking to his bare skin annoyingly. He shifted, a slight rustle sound as the blankets fell around his hips. Eyes half closed, he made a move to get out of bed, preparing himself to battle the steely cold in the bathroom.He couldn't move.He tried again, finally peeling his eyes fully open to see what was stopping him in his tracks for the second time.An arm, tan and freckled beautifully, the faintest outlines of veins bulging as he kept a tight hold around Jungkook's naked frame. A furrow to his eyebrows, Jungkook traced the arm lightly, fingernail barely touching the skin as it moved further up to the open palm. He jolted slightly as the dainty hand suddenly enclosed his own, fingers immediately interlocking and tightening their hold. The bed dipped further as the person behind him shifted, breath fanning across the crown of Jungkook's head as he pulled him closer, legs mingling beneath the sheets."You stayed."It was light, airy, as if Jungkook was shrugging off the severity of his words, how much the simple act of Jimin staying affected him so."Of course I did."And that's all there was to it.Jungkook accepted the body wrapped around him, curling himself into the perfect crescent to fit, like a jigsaw piece finally finding it's place.He was elated.////His eyes cracked open, the room still cascaded in the beautiful glow that had first woke him up. It took him a second to realise that he had falling asleep again, and another second to realise that he was borderline shivering, no longer having the luxury of human heat around him.For that split moment, his heart sank. He felt like he got punched in the stomach, the wind knocked out of his lungs in one rushed breath.Did he really leave? Would he really leave after Jungkook put his dignity on the line and begged him to stay? Is Jimin more heartless than he appears?The acute sound of the bathroom door opening had Jungkook springing into an upright position, using his elbow as support."You're finally awake." Jimin smiles upon seeing Jungkook's shocked expression."You're still here?" The question was a mere whisper, though it echoed throughout the room tremendously."Is it that obvious?" Jimin's laugh lightens the suffocating hold in Jungkook's chest. His gaze softens as he walks over to the bed, sitting on the edge with his fingers softly threading through Jungkook's matted hair, "I promised I would stay.""Yeah, but.."He was interrupted by a light kiss, one he immediately succumbed to, melting into the palm that Jimin placed delicately on his cheek."But nothing." Jimin pulls back ever so slightly so he can look the younger in the eyes, breath fanning across Jungkook's lips, "how are you feeling?"Jungkook admitted, he did feel a little sore. There was a dull ache at the end of his back that throbbed the more he moved. His wrists for the most part were okay, only the faintest rouge reminding him of last night."Good." Jungkook smiles shyly, a light dusting of pink coating his cheeks. He did feel good, he wasn't lying. Despite the pain he was in (he just knew walking would be a near impossible feat on it's own), he felt light, fulfilled, pleasured."Good," another chaste kiss before he's pulling away fully, Jungkook whining in the process, "now get up, we have about twenty minutes to shower and get dressed before Taehyung starts banging down our door, so I suggest we take advantage of that time.""We're showering together?""We can if you want. It'll save time and water." Jimin smirks, throwing a cheesy wink his way, the action making Jungkook's smile widen further."You're so cheesy, hyung." Jungkook rolls his eyes, stretching one final time before finally giving up the fight and gets out of bed, only wincing slightly at the throbbing pain running across the end of his back and down the back of his thighs."You love it.""Whatever helps you sleep at night, hyung.""You brat." Jimin mumbles, ruffling Jungkook's hair affectionately, getting a cheeky grin in return.They shower quickly, sharing mere pecks and subtle touches as they went along, just enjoying the last few minutes of alone time they have. Once out and dressed, Jungkook makes his way to his bedside table to grab his wallet and key card, only to get tackled down onto the messy sheets.Jimin leaned over jungkook, smirking at the younger's shocked expression."What're you doing?" Jungkook questioned. He knew Taehyung was only a few minutes away from beating down their door so he wasn't sure exactly what Jimin was planning."What?" Jimin scoffed, "you thought you could leave without giving me a proper good morning kiss?"Jungkook blushed furiously, his eyes frantically trying to find something to focus on that wasn't Jimin.Jimin leant down, placing feathery kisses onto Jungkook's soft cheeks. He moved to the other cheek and gave it the same loving treatment, before moving closer to Jungkook's lips, purposefully avoiding them until the younger whined out."Hyung.."'"Yes?" Jimin hummed, not once stopping his movements."Kiss me, please." Jungkook whispered, barely audible but luckily Jimin was close enough to hear the embarrassed plea.Jimin decided to have mercy on Jungkook, capturing his lips in a searing kiss that they both moaned into. Jungkook's palm rested against Jimin's cheek, tilting his head slightly to try deepen the kiss.Jimin allowed Jungkook to take over for a little, willingly opening his mouth for the younger and letting him explore every inch of it. Jungkook groaned, the taste of Jimin being one of his new favourite flavours.Jimin was the first to pull away, lips tilting up into a smile that Jungkook likes to believe is reserved especially for him.Jimin licked his lips, a look of uncertainty crossing his face for a split moment, making Jungkook a bit worried, an uncomfortable knot forming in the pit of his stomach."Hyung?.." he asked hesitantly.Jimin bit his lip, staring at every inch of Jungkook's face before speaking."I want to try something."Jungkook was confused. His eyebrows furrowed as he pouted cutely, silently questioning Jimin. The older male smiled, using the pad of his thumb to smooth out the lines in Jungkook's forehead, letting his fingers trace down to his cheek."You'll love it." He smirked, before completely pulling away, causing Jungkook to shiver from the sudden rush of cold air.Jungkook watched curiously as Jimin went over to his suitcase, rummaging through it before finding whatever he was looking for. Jungkook frowned as he hid it behind his back, making his way back over to the bed and sitting beside Jungkook."Roll over.""What?" Jungkook wondered if Jimin suddenly thought Jungkook was a dog or if he was being completely serious."Roll over."With no further explanation, Jungkook decided to just follow the order and lay on his stomach. He crossed his arms and rested on them comfortably.Jimin straddled the backs of his thighs, his hands roaming up Jungkook's thighs and landing on his ass cheeks, giving a quick squeeze before he started pulling Jungkook's pants down."Wait-" Jungkook leaned up a little, trying to look back at Jimin, "hyung, what're you doing? Tae will be here soon, we can't-""Do you trust me?"Jungkook's immediate nod pleased Jimin, making his smirk soften."Then trust me right now."Jungkook wanted to say something but he didn't know what, so he just lay back down, blushing a little when he felt his pants and underwear get pulled down to his mid thighs.Jimin played with his ass cheeks a little, smacking them lightly and watching them jiggle. He found it captivating, the soft flesh turning a light pink almost as if it too was blushing.He spread them, eyes darkening with lust as he watches Jungkook's pretty pink hole clench around nothing. Jungkook whined, hiding his face in his arms, a muffled "hyung" being heard.Jimin reached into the locker, pulling out the lube and generously coating his fingers. He placed one finger at the puckered entrance, slowly pushing it in. He found it quite easy since Jungkook was still stretched from the night before. Soon after, he added a second finger, and then a third, stretching Jungkook open until he was sure he wouldn't hurt the younger."Are you ready for your surprise?"Jungkook was red faced, breathing heavily as Jimin fingered him. He swallowed thickly, nodding eagerly to Jimin's sudden question. He whined for the umpteenth time as Jimin removed his fingers, his ass automatically moving back in attempt to be filled again.There was a few moments of waiting on Jungkook's behalf, the younger struggling to compose himself enough for whatever surprise Jimin had for him. A split second later and he felt something cold press against his entrance teasingly.Jungkook gasped, his eyes falling closed. He waited for more, but nothing was happening."Hyung.. more.."Almost immediately, Jungkook's walls were being stretched further. He keened, his hips moving backwards to take more of it in. It wasn't necessarily long or thick, but the cold metal contrasted against Jungkook's heated insides and created a beautiful mixture.Jimin leaned down to kiss Jungkook's ass cheek, pushing it all the way in before pulling back."This is a vibrating bullet. I bought it especially for you because I thought your hole would look so beautiful stretched around it." Jimin stretched Jungkook's cheeks apart, admiring his quivering hole. "I was right."He smirked when he saw a peak of silver at the entrance, gently squeezing Jungkook's cheeks together, delighting in the sound the younger made."Hyung.. feels so good.." Jungkook moaned softly, biting his lip.Jimin played with Jungkook's cheeks, gently pulling them apart to watch the bullet push out a little from the entrance, before pushing them back together to cause it the go even deeper into Jungkook."I want you to wear it all day."Jungkook nearly choked, shaking his head."No, no. Hyung, I can't. Not with all of the hyungs.." Jungkook whines broke into a moan as the bullet suddenly began vibrating, "daddy, please.."Jungkook didn't notice his slip up, but Jimin sure did.Jimin watched Jungkook become undone beneath him, relishing in the fact that he was the one that was causing the younger this much pleasure.Before Jungkook could come, Jimin stopped the vibration."No! No, daddy please.." Jungkook sobbed out, his breaths coming harshly, "please let me cum, daddy.""Only if you be a good little boy and do what daddy says." Jimin smirked as he turned the vibrator onto the lowest setting, seeing Jungkook's back arch beautifully."Yes! Yes, oh god, please..""You have to wear this all day while we're with the hyungs," Jimin's free hand was roaming across Jungkook's skin, slipping under the younger' shirt to play with his nipples, "you can't take it out until daddy says so, okay? And you can't cum either."Jungkook whimpered softly, before nodding."That's my good baby boy." Jimin hummed, turning up the vibration, taking his hand away from Jungkook's nipple to pull the vibrator out a little before pushing it in as far as it can go, repeating the process until Jungkook couldn't control himself anymore and let himself go all over the hotel sheets. He moaned loudly, his eyes rolling back as he rocked his hips into the mattress, savouring every second of his orgasm before collapsing onto the bed, completely spent.Jimin turned off the vibrations, pocketing the small remote before moving away from Jungkook. The younger watched him tiredly, smiling sleepily when Jimin crouched down to eye-level just to peck his lips."We need to get you cleaned up quickly, baby. Taehyung is gonna be here any-" a rapid series of knocks on the door interrupted him, "second."Jungkook giggled cutely before moving into a sitting position, gasping softly when he jostled the bullet inside him."Jimin! You better be awake man! If we're late because of you, Jin will have your head!"Jimin rolled his eyes at Taehyung's hollers, standing back up. He helps Jungkook clean up, fixing himself up so he seems presentable, but the blush on his cheeks is a constant reminder to the both of what's really going on.They open the door, finding Taehyung with his foot raised in the air."What the fuck are you doing?"Taehyung stands properly, rolling his eyes."What does it look like I was doing!? I was going to kick the door down!" Taehyung rolls his eyes before grabbing both of their wrists, tugging them along whilst muttering to himself about how his patience are always being wore thin by the two.Jungkook giggles, letting himself get pulled along. Jimin smiled at him affectionately, using his free hand to poke Jungkook's side teasingly.They reached the lobby, a hotheaded Jin glaring at them all."And where the hell were you two all this time? Do you not know that the fansign starts in twenty minutes!? or do you just not care at all?" he fumes."We're sorry, we lost track of time." Jimin sighs."If we're late then you'll definitely be sorry." He threatens, stomping away with the others. Jimin knew not to take his threat to heart and just followed them out so as to not prolong them any longer.The drive was an agonising 15 minutes to the venue. Agonising, because every bump and jolt caused the bullet to move within Jungkook, making the youngest uncomfortably hard and flushed faced. He tried to keep a poker face, staring out the window with his legs crossed as he attempted to steady his breathing, sighing in relief when they pulled into the venue.They all rushed inside, taking their respective seats and waited for security to let the fans in.Just before the place flooded with fans, Jimin pretended to whisper something to Jungkook, only to kiss behind his ear. The dark haired male blushed, keeping his eyes downwards as he tried to fight his smile.The doors were opened, the venue immediately filling with nervous fans. The atmosphere became electric, the excited buzz scattered across the room and affected everyone.Every member chatted with each fan warmly, giving their full undivided attention to them. They happily took selcas of themselves wearing silly headpieces, signing their merchandise with a unique message to each of them, followed by their autograph.It was all going so well.Until midway through a conversation with a fan, a soft buzz filled Jungkook, making him gasp. His eyes widened as his ass automatically lifted a little from the chair. He swallowed thickly, nervously looking at Jimin to see what the actual fuck he thinks he's doing, but the older male acted as if he didn't exist, laughing at something the fan said."Are you okay, Jungkook oppa?"Jungkook's head whipped back around to see the young woman chewing on her nail nervously. He forced a smile and nodded shakily, sitting back down properly and biting his tongue to keep himself from whining.With each new fan, the vibrations increased little by little until he was sure he was going to pass out from overstimulation. By the last fan, he was sweating profusely and had a tight grip on the table, his ass lifted from his seat to decrease the pressure. A member of staff asked him if he was okay, which he shakily replied "yes" to, refusing to leave when there was only one person left."Jungkook oppa?""Y-Yes?" Jungkook's voice was strained, causing Yoongi to look at him weirdly."Can you take a video of yourself saying something for me?" The fan asked shyly, her head tilted downwards, "my friends begged me to ask you this question."Jungkook smiled as best as he could, agreeing to do it. The fan handed him her phone and he turned on the video recording."What..uh, would you like me to say?""Please say who your favourite hyung is and why." She smiled brightly, a little of her nerves melting away."Uh.." Jungkook laughed nervously, "I love all my hyungs though.""Yes, but you have to enjoy spending time with one of them the most. Maybe one of them buys you stuff so they're your favourite?" The fan concealed her face as she giggled, "I'm sorry. It's a stupid question but please answer it any way you want."Okay, Jungkook knows he should've said Jin because he always cooks him food. Or Hoseok because he always teaches him new dance routines when he gets tired of the old ones. Or Taehyung because there's never a dull moment with him and he always entertains the younger. But just as he started the video and was about to speak, the vibrations went to an all new high and made his breath catch in his throat.So instead, he said;"Jiminnie hyung is my favourite hyung, because he buys me nice things and makes me feel good."Jungkook mentally facepalmed as he realised what he said could be twisted in every which way. He could hear Jimin snickering beside him, trying to cover it up with an indiscreet cough."I-I mean.. he compliments me and.. stuff.." he finished lamely, reluctantly ending the video and handing the excited fan back her phone. She thanked him a million times, saying how excited her friends will be to hear that before she scampered off, signifying the end of the fansign.The vibrations immediately died down. Jungkook collapsed back into his chair, his eyes falling closed as he tried to will away the extreme urge to cum in his pants."What's wrong with you?"Jungkook looked to his left and saw all of the hyungs look at him curiously (excluding Jimin who had that damn smirk on his face)."Um.." Jungkook grasped for an excuse, "I don't feel really well."Jin looked concerned, putting his palm on Jungkook's forehead and frowning."You're really hot.""Really hot." Jimin snickered beneath his breath, Jungkook trying his best not to blush."And you kind of look like death incarnate right now." Yoongi snarkily chimed in."Maybe you should go back to the hotel instead of going to the restaurant with us." Jin bit his lip, "I can watch you until they all return. We can order room service or so-""Don't worry, Jin hyung. I'll take care of him."Jungkook felt like punching the living daylights out of Park Jimin."Are you sure?"Jimin nodded."Of course! We are already roommates so it only makes sense that I stay with him." He shrugs before continuing, "besides, I'm not really hungry.""Park Jimin," Jin glared, "you better not be doing one of those stupid diets where you basically starve yourself. It's not healthy and we sure as hell don't want you to collapse again."Jimin rolled his eyes."I'm not on a diet, hyung. I just don't feel too well. I think I might of caught what Jungkook has." He smirked slyly at Jungkook. The dark haired male looked down to avoid eye contact, but was surprised to see that Jimin himself was straining uncomfortably against his jeans.
Oh.
He definitely caught what Jungkook had.Jin shrugs, easily giving up the fight because he was really looking forward to feasting on Korean BBQ."Okay then. If there's a problem then you call me straight away, okay?""Of course, hyung!"Jin nods and all of them leave the venue, Jungkook and Jimin taking separate cabs back to the hotel. Jungkook felt like his skin was on fire the entire ride. He kept looking over at Jimin, hoping the older male would do something to help put out the flames, but again, Jimin acted as if he wasn't there.He frowned the whole way to their room, turning around once the door was closed and his shoes & socks were tossed away to give Park Jimin a piece of his mind."What-"He was interrupted by an intense buzz, his knees nearly buckling beneath him, falling against the wall for support."Jimin.." he moaned, his eyes falling closed. He has been on edge all day, the slightest of touches making him sensitive."You nearly got us caught today, Jungkook-ah." Jimin tuts, pressing close to the sensitive younger. He mouthed along Jungkook's neck, making the dark haired male's breath catch in his throat as he tried hard not to cum just from that."I-I.. ngh.." Jungkook couldn't even think straight, let alone string together a coherent sentence.Jimin's hands trailed around Jungkook's waist, slipping into his jeans and boxers. He used his hand to push Jungkook's cheeks apart, using the other to prod teasingly at the younger's sensitive entrance, pushing the bullet in deeper ever so slightly."Hyung!" Jungkook whines, his hands instantly finding purchase on the smaller male's shoulders. He leant up on his tiptoes without really meaning to, trying his best to get away from Jimin's wandering hands."What's wrong, my beautiful baby boy?" Jimin continued to kiss Jungkook's neck, leaving hints of bruises as he goes. He slipped the tip of his finger into Jungkook's hole, relishing in the sound the younger made just from being stretched ever so slightly more."Hyung-" Jungkook broke off into a moan, his cheek leaning against the cold hotel wall to try cool them, "daddy, oh daddy, please let me cum. Please!""Hmm, I don't know." Jimin pretended to mull over Jungkook's request, all the while using his finger to jostle around the bullet inside Jungkook. He pushes it even deeper inside, knowing he hit the younger's soft spot when his grips tightens on Jimin's shoulders, the most sinful of moans leaving his lips."Daddydaddydaddydaddy-" Jungkook sobbed desperately, his head moving from side to side as he uses sheer willpower to try not to prematurely cum, "daddy, I need to.. I'm gonna-""Cum."Jungkook's mouth falls open into a silent moan, his eyes rolling back as he cums hard. Jimin continues to move the bullet inside him, milking him of everything he's worth. Tears pricked the corner of Jungkook's eyes as his body twitched through his orgasm, whining tiredly when he becomes overstimulated.Jimin pulls his finger and the bullet out, kissing all over Jungkook's neck and face as he came down from his orgasm."You were so good for daddy, baby." Jimin praised as he pecked Jungkook's lips several times, "so good, I'm so proud of you."Jungkook smiled sleepily, closing his eyes as he melts into Jimin's kiss."Pretty baby." Jimin whispers against Jungkook's lips, making the latter blush furiously.Jimin peels himself away from Jungkook, the younger frowning."I feel gross." Jungkook pouted, "I can't believe you made me cum in my pants."Jimin grinned widely."Strip then.""What?" Jungkook raised an eyebrow."What?" Jimin laughed, "you didn't think we were done, did you?""I-I.. well.." Jungkook blushed, looking away."Daddy didn't even get to cum yet."Jungkook looked at Jimin's obvious bulge, barely being contained in his jeans. He could feel himself getting a little excited again, his dick twitching in interest."I'm sorry, daddy..""It's okay, baby." Jimin smiled, using his clean hand to move Jungkook's hair from his forehead, "you can make it up to me.""How?"Jimin tugged on the waistband of his jeans, causing Jungkook to stumble into the older male's body, their faces only a breath away."By stripping for me." Jimin smirked, pecking Jungkook's lips before pulling away and moving over to the bed, sitting at the end of it and looking at Jungkook expectantly."Wait.. you don't mean.." Jungkook stuttered."I do."Jungkook blushed deeply (a nearly impossible feat considering how darkly rouge he was already), standing dumbfounded against the wall. He moved once Jimin raised his eyebrow, waiting for Jungkook to start already.He slowly walked in front of Jimin, keeping his head down the whole time."Look at me, pretty baby."Butterflies erupted in Jungkook's stomach once he heard the nickname. He shyly looked up beneath his fringe, wide, innocent eyes staring at Jimin as he began.He played with the end of his shirt before slowly pulling it over his head. He let it drop to the floor, Jimin's captivating gaze never wavering from his toned stomach. He shook his head to fix his hair back into place before his fingers shakily began to unbutton his jeans. He popped open the button and slowly zipped down his jeans, blushing darkly as he struggled to shimmy out of them, the tight material sticking to his skin like leather.Jimin bit his lip, leaning back on one of his elbows as he used his other hand to palm himself through his pants to relieve some of the pressure, moaning softly.Jimin's moan caused a chain reaction inside Jungkook who instantly felt himself get harder. He finally managed to free himself of his devil jeans, kicking them to the side.Jimin watched Jungkook's every move as he palmed himself, making the younger's movements become a bit clumsier. Jungkook paused before taking off his boxers, embarrassed of the mess he caused in them previously."Go on, baby." Jimin urged breathily.Throwing embarrassment out the window, Jungkook slipped his boxers completely off, kicking them over with his jeans. He kept his gaze averted, but he felt Jimin's hawk-eyes eat up every inch of him."Come here, baby."Jungkook walked closer to Jimin, still avoiding his gaze. Jimin gripped Jungkook's thighs to pull him even closer, before beginning to kiss his abdomen. Jungkook moaned, threading his fingers into Jimin's hair as the older male gave affection to every inch of his stomach."So beautiful," Jimin hummed. "All for me.""Yes, daddy." Jungkook moaned.Jimin pulled away to look up at Jungkook, his thumbs rubbing Jungkook's thighs affectionately."Stand by the window."Jungkook's eyebrows scrunched together."What?""You heard me.""But people might see..""That's the point.""But.." Jungkook looked towards the window, biting his lip nervously, "they could see us.." he mumbles nearly inaudibly."I want them to see." Jimin gazed lustfully up at Jungkook, "I want them all to see how good daddy makes you feel. I want them all to see how well you take every inch of daddy until you're cumming so hard, you feel like you're on another planet. I want them to be jealous that I have you, pretty baby."Jungkook blushed intensely, Jimin's words making him speechless, though they definitely intrigued his cock which stood tall and proud against his abdomen."Okay.." Jungkook says shyly, before moving to the front of the window."Hands on the window and spread your legs." Jimin says, before standing up.Jungkook hesitates for a moments before doing what he's told, his palms pressing against the cool glass and his legs spreading, his back arching slightly.Jimin licks his lips, taking off his shirt and jeans in record time. He palms himself through his boxers as he strolls over to Jungkook, standing right behind him. His chin rests on Jungkook's shoulder, his free hand winding around the younger's waist. He slowly starts stroking him slowly, kissing his neck tenderly."You like this, don't you?" Jimin whispers, biting his earlobe gently, "you like that someone could look up at any time and see you getting fucked so good."Jungkook moans, leaning his burning forehead against the window."Answer me when I ask you something, baby.""Yes." Jungkook whines."Yes what?" Jimin stresses, squeezing the base of Jungkook's cock."Yes daddy." Jungkook whines, trying to subtly spread his legs even further apart."Good boy." Jimin smirks, quickening his hand movements and bringing Jungkook close to the edge."Daddy, oh daddy, fuck, can I cum?" Jungkook rambles desperately, "can I cum please?"Jimin chuckles darkly, flicking his wrist on the head of Jungkook's cock before pulling completely away, going over to the bed to get the lube."Hyuuuuuung!" Jungkook whines frustratedly, his hands turning into fists against the window."What?" Jimin chuckles, pouring some lube onto his cock and massaging it around, using his free hand to spread Jungkook's cheeks."Stop teasing." He mumbles, pouting like a child.Jimin taps Jungkook's ankle with his foot."Spread wider, darling."Jungkook blushes but complies, pushing a little away from the window so his ass perks up in the air.Jimin teases Jungkook's entrance with his thumb, the red and abused rim making Jimin's cock twitch in interest.He presses against Jungkook, wrapping one of his arms around the younger's waist while using the other to guide himself inside him.The initial breach had Jungkook arching deliciously, his mouth falling open in a silent moan."Hyung." He whimpered, his hips moving backwards in a silent plea to be filled more.Jimin slowly pushed in, groaning against Jungkook's neck as he buries himself to the hilt, staying still to give them both a moment to catch their breath.He gently pulls out, before burying himself again, repeating the process until the slide becomes easier. He fucks Jungkook nice and slow, having the younger preening and begging from the torturous pace. He pushes in as deep as he can go, angling his hips just right to hit Jungkook's soft spot.Jungkook moans loudly, his hand falling back to grip Jimin's thigh tightly, his fingernails making indents into his bronze skin."Found it." Jimin smirks, manoeuvring himself so he hits Jungkook's soft spot with every thrust.He continues to fuck him agonisingly slow, waiting for the right moment to change it all up."Hyuuuung! Please! I-I need more.." Jungkook begs desperately."What do you want, baby?" Jimin asks, thrusting particularly hard before continuing the slow pace."Fuck, that! I need that!" Jungkook sobs."What?" Jimin questions condescendingly, "This?" He says before gripping Jungkook's hips tightly and begins to fuck him hard."Yesssss, yesyesyesyes fuck-"Jungkook's eyes squeeze shut tightly, his cheek leaning against the window as he tries to match Jimin's pace, pushing his hips backwards. His moans could rival those of a pornstar, bouncing off of every wall until he was sure their neighbours could hear him.Jimin threaded his fingers through Jungkook's hair, tugging hard until he could whisper into his ear. The sharp pain shot through Jungkook, making him moan loudly and lean into Jimin's touch."Everyone's watching you, baby." Jimin whispers seductively, licking the shelf of his ear, "they're watching you be a good boy for daddy."He angles Jungkook's head so he's looking down at all the hustle and bustle that's going on outside."Daddy.." Jungkook whines, trying to look away."Give them a show, darling." Jimin smirks, starting to nibble on Jungkook's neck."W-what? How?" Jungkook groans as Jimin's pace increases even more. The constant abuse on his soft spot made his legs feel like jello, the tight grip on his hair being the only thing keeping him up."Touch yourself." He whispers, making Jungkook's stomach erupt in butterflies."O-okay.." Jungkook agrees, hesitantly grabbing the base of his cock. He strokes himself slowly at first, before succumbing to the pleasure and beginning to match Jimin's pace. His wrist twists with each of Jimin's hard thrusts, quickly bringing himself to the edge since it is his third orgasm of the day.Jimin could feel the coil in his stomach about to snap, his balls tighten as the need to cum overcomes him. His pace becomes sloppy, a desperate run for completion."Are you close, baby?" He asks breathlessly, his hand covering Jungkook's own to help him."So, so close, daddy." Jungkook gasps, the extra pressure from Jimin's hand working wonders, "fuck, I need to cum! Please cum with me daddy, please.""Fuck, you sound so good, baby." He quickens his hand movements, Jungkook's ass clenching around him making everything almost unbearable."Cum with me, darling."They cum together, the wind simultaneously being knocked out of them. Jimin rocks into Jungkook as best he can, emptying himself into his abused hole. Jungkook abandons his cock, his hands gripping Jimin's thighs tightly as the latter jerks him through his orgasm, the white specks hitting the no longer pristine window.They're breathless, Jimin using Jungkook as support while the latter uses the window. Jimin pulls out slowly, his hands tenderly stroking Jungkook's arms, kissing his shoulder."Are you okay?" He croaks out.Jungkook nods, unable to find the energy to do much more. His hot breath fogs the glass in front of him, blurring his vision of the outside world and who is looking at him in his most vulnerable state.Jimin lifts Jungkook bridal style into the shower, quickly washing the both of them, before lifting him into bed. He slides in next to him, allowing Jungkook to fit himself comfortably against his body, his head tucked tightly under Jimin's neck.Jimin kisses his forehead lovingly, stroking his back comfortingly."Hyung?" Jungkook whispers tiredly, surprising Jimin since he thought he was already asleep."Yes, baby?""Why do you like me?" Jungkook asks timidly, gripping Jimin the tiniest bit more, "you don't need to answer if you don't want to." He rushes."Why do I like you? Hmm.."Jungkook's heart races as he waits for the answer, though in anticipation or fear, he doesn't know."Well, for one, you're incredibly ambitious. Your need to prove yourself as a valuable, talented member - and successfully prove it, might I add - has always been a major inspiration to me from the very start."Jungkook blushes, his thumb tracing circles into Jimin's chest."You're also very quick witted and quirky. You used to care so much about what everyone thought of you, that you used to hide your true self from the world. I didn't like that. I'm very happy that you decided to show exactly who you are to everyone," Jimin kisses the crown of his head, before continuing "to me.""And lastly..""Yes?" Jungkook pushes timidly."You're so amazing." Jimin breathed, Jungkook barely hearing him about the beating of his own heart, "inside and out. The minute I saw you as that little trainee, I knew you'd have me wrapped around your pinky finger."Jungkook snorts, tracing meaningless patterns onto Jimin's bare chest."I think it's the other way around.""Physically, yeah." Jimin laughed, pinching Jungkook playfully, savouring in the younger's charming laugh, "I had to gain some form of respect from you, since you're such a little brat.""Hyung." Jungkook whines, giggling lightly."But you definitely got me emotionally."Jungkook bites his lip as he tries to contain his bashful smile, his cheeks tinting rose."I would do anything to make you happy, Jungkook." Jimin whispered affectionately.With his heart hammering in his chest, Jungkook lays his chin on Jimin's chest so he can look at him easily. His anxiety spiked as a million thoughts battled inside his mind, but one very prominent one won out."I love you, hyung."Jimin was a thousand percent sure that Jungkook could hear his heart stutter in his chest, his breath hitching the tiniest bit. Never in his wildest dreams did Jimin ever imagine Jungkook saying those sinful words to him. Not even after.. whatever this is started, did he ever once think the younger would regard him with as much love and affection as Jimin did him for all these years."I love you too, Jungkook," Jimin whispers fondly, his thumb lifting to softly run over Jungkook's bruised lips lovingly, "so fucking much."Jungkook smiles widely, his eyes gazing into Jimin's, before flicking downwards towards his lips. Slowly, he starts to lean in, their lips only a breath away when Jimin takes the initiative and-"Jimin! Jungkook!! Are you guys okay!? One of the crew said they heard banging and moaning inside! Is Jungkook getting sick!? Did he pass out!? Guys, please answer me!!"Jin continued to thump the door, his screams only becoming increasingly frantic when neither of the two answered him.Jimin sighed heavily, pulling away from Jungkook to look at the door."When do you think he'll go away?"Jungkook laughs, laying back down on Jimin's chest."He probably won't unless we answer him."Jimin groans."I'll text him."After shooting Jin a quick message confirming that they're okay, he waits until he can hear his hyung cursing under his breath outside the door before finally walking away. Sighing happily, Jimin settles back against the bed."Thank god." Jungkook mumbles tiredly, "he was giving me a headache.""You know what's a great cure for headaches?""What?""Sex."Jungkook glares at Jimin, poking his side harshly."Not funny.""What?" Jimin laughs, "it is! Look it up.""Goodnight.""Aw, no Round 2?""No."Jimin laughs again, kissing Jungkook's hair affectionately. Taking a deep breath, Jimin relaxes against the pillows, his eyes feeling sleep heavy."Goodnight, darling.""Goodnight, hyung."Jimin could feel sleep slowly drag him under, both his and Jungkook's breaths evening out until you couldn't decipher one from the other. Thinking Jungkook dozed off way before him, Jimin allowed his body to fully relax and succumb to sleep.But, not before those blissful words made his heart thump happily in his chest."I love you, hyung."Jimin smiled."I love you too, baby."With happy thoughts, and even happier hearts, both Jungkook and Jimin fell into a relaxing slumber, wrapped tightly in each other's arms.   



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



