



Illicit - Yuki_Kookie - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Illicit
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12785991.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Rape/Non-Con
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook/Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V
Additional Tags:
Lowercase, Explicit Sexual Content, Explicit Language, Father-Son Relationship, Incest, Past Abuse, Parenthood, Past Underage Sex, Past Rape/Non-con, Cancer
Series:
Part 3 of
Demons and Butterflies
Stats:

        Published: 2017-11-27
          Chapters: 80/80
        Words: 103338
      

Illicit
by Yuki_Kookie
Summary
"this isn't going to end well for the two of you"




Broken Pieces.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook was lying on his back on his big satin covered bed, with yoongi on top of him.they haven't been in this position with one another for so long, they almost forgot what it felt like.yoongi brushed jungkook's bangs from his eyes and leaned down to peck the younger on his bow shaped lips. jungkook closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around yoongi's neck, pressing their bodies closer, opening his mouth to give yoongi's tongue access into it.they were chest to chest, lower regions touching, they could both feel the other's excitement. the air around them turned hotter and hotter once their tongues touched, breaths mixing together.they were kissing passionately while yoongi tenderly traced his fingers at jungkook's sides, caressing the skin, hands slowly moving down to grab the black haired boy's mounds. jungkook let out a small moan into yoongi's mouth, sending a pleasurable vibration through yoongi's body.jungkook grabbed a handful of yoongi's locks, pulling at it and rolling his hips against the other's, making the other release a choked groan.yoongi spread jungkook's ass cheeks and squeezed it, disconnecting their lips.they looked at each other, both set of eyes are hooded and dark with lust, want and love. jungkook's face was flushed red, lips glistening with spit, red and puffy. hair messy, body already sweaty."how do you want to do this?" yoongi breathed out, nuzzling his nose at the crook of the younger's neck and then biting at a spot there. jungkook pushed his head back, exposing his neck so yoongi could feast on it. and yoongi did.biting, licking, nibbling, sucking, kissing as if jungkook's neck was his favorite late night snack.jungkook cried out in delight, digging his fingernails into yoongi's skin, making the older hiss in both pain and pleasure."i want-" yoongi interrupted his words with a deep kiss, sucking the younger's tongue in and out of his mouth, soaking it even more. jungkook moaned loudly this time, letting yoongi do whatever he wants to him.when yoongi was done abusing jungkook's tongue, he started to trail kisses down jungkook's neck, reaching his toned chest.yoongi quickly bit one of jungkook's nubs, sucking on it while tracing his index fingers between jungkook's ass, circling his puckering entrance."i want you to fuck me like you fucked jimin" yoongi released jungkook's nipple from his mouth with an obscene sound, looking at jungkook with an unamused glare."i want you to stop treating me like i'm made of glass, i want you to stop being scared of hurting me""and i want you to stop being jealous of what i had with him. it was different, it was different because i didn't love him and didn't care for him""you can love me and still be rough with me, i'm rough with you sometimes""it's not the same" you never abused me, yoongi wanted to say."i'll say 'pudding' if i feel uncomfortable" jungkook smirked.yoongi didn't find it amusing at all.the last time jungkook had used their safe word, yoongi ignored it."i don't want to do this anymore" he was about to get off of jungkook.jungkook slipped his hands under yoongi's underarms and held him in place, yoongi sighed and looked down at him impatiently. "i'm sorry, i'm sorry. let's start slow, okay?""i don't want you to think that i'll run to fuck someone else because you're not giving me everything i need, jungkook. you're giving me enough and more, i don't need to let out my anger at you to have good sex with you. i love our slow love making the most, love feeling every part inside of you, love worshiping your body"jungkook was flattered but it wasn't enough."finger me dry"yoongi frowned at his son, "are you dumb? that's not even a thrilling pain, it's just painful. it can also cause some serious damage""i did that to you and you seemed to enjoy it""i'm not going to do that to you, forget it""did you do that to him?""i'm going to take a shower" jungkook held him in place again, yoongi groaned."then spank me""i do that to you every time we fuck"jungkook snorted, "it always feels like a pat on the ass. spank me for real, hard"yoongi gulped, "it will wake yoongi up""then choke me""jungk-", "please" jungkook begged and bit his lower lip, pressing yoongi's body closer to his.yoongi looked at the boy under him, considering it."fine" yoongi grunted.how can he ever say no to jungkook when he's begging so beautifully?jungkook smirked.  yoongi held jungkook's thick, trembling thighs tightly while assaulting jungkook's hole with his tongue.lapping at the rim, enjoying the sound of jungkook's mewls, looking up at the boy squirming."fuck, i missed this" jungkook breathed out and looked down, spreading his legs even more.jungkook's member was leaking, standing proudly and begging for attention.yoongi's tongue pushed through the rim, burying his tongue deep inside the younger. tasting the musky and familiar taste on his tongue.he himself moaned and started fucking jungkook with his tongue, saliva dripping on the sheets."i hope you didn't do this to him"yoongi took a deep breath and gently took his tongue out of jungkook's warm core, he straightened up and tightened his grip on jungkook's thighs.hard.jungkook gasped in pain and propped himself on his elbows, looking at yoongi with wide eyes."stop talking about him" yoongi rasped, eyes changing.jungkook breathed hard, chest heaving up and down, cock twitching at the sight of a very, very angry yoongi.yoongi didn't miss the twitch. he raised his eyebrow and looked at jungkook with a smirk.jungkook nodded obediently, looking at yoongi with doe innocent eyes.an act.jungkook wanted to play, yoongi was more than willing to play.if he wants yoongi to be rough, he's going to get rough. yoongi slid up jungkook's body, grasping the boy's hair and pulling his head back. jungkook let out a helpless whine, eyes almost closing.yoongi brought his hand towards his face and shoved two fingers into the younger's mouth harshly, making the boy cough but jungkook quickly regained himself.jungkook sucked the fingers in an instinct, all the while not breaking eye contact with yoongi.yoongi let his fingers out of jungkook's mouth, both fingers completely coated with spit.he slid his hand down, circling jungkook's hole once more before shoving two at the same time, groaning at the tight heat suffocating his fingers.jungkook let out a sound that sounded like a gasp followed by a moan and yoongi could've sworn he was never this turned on.he stretched the boy to his fullest before pulling his fingers out and lining his cock right at jungkook's entrance.he pulled jungkook's into a painful kiss, more teeth than anything, while breaking through the tight ring of muscles, jungkook cried out and closed his eyes in pleasure.when he was buried deep inside of jungkook, he started to slam inside the younger. hard.so hard that all that was heard in the room was skin slapping against skin, he didn't give jungkook time to adjust, didn't even give him time to breathe before snapping his hips rapidity. jungkook didn't know what to grasp on, he fisted the bedding beneath him with one hand, and with the other he was holding on yoongi's shoulder for his dear life. just enjoying the ride.yoongi fucked him fast. hard. jungkook was sweating, tears in his eyes from over stimulation from yoongi's constantly hitting something right deep inside of him.he held yoongi's hand in his own.at first yoongi thought he was about to intertwine their fingers and had slowed his pace a little bit, but jungkook had a different idea in mind.he slowly got yoongi's hand closer to his neck, and yoongi got it.yoongi took a deep breath, hips still slamming against the younger's, he slowly wrapped his hand around jungkook's neck.and he pressed.hard.it was fine for the first few seconds, they both were into it.but when jungkook's face turned redder, when yoongi noticed that it was getting harder for him to breathe, when he grabbed yoongi's hand...flashbacks of what he did to him came back to him.and it seemed like it happened for jungkook as well. "i can't do this" yoongi's hand jolted from jungkook's throat so quickly, as if it was on fire.he pulled out from jungkook's body and got off the bed, dressing himself, body shaking.jungkook panted, he sat up and touched his neck."i'm so sorry..." he looked down, tears forming in his eyes."i don't want to hurt you. i don't want to do this""i know, i don't want this either. i'm sorry i asked you to do this"yoongi softened and stopped dressing himself, trying to calm his beating heart."is our sex life boring you?"jungkook shook his head violently, "no... it's just- it's just that you haven't tried to have sex with me ever since what happened, before jimin. and i was scared that you got used to having sex with him and i don't know..."yoongi sighed and sat next to jungkook, stroking the boy's damp hair."i only slept with the boy twice, kookie. and... sex with jimin was filled with anger, was filled with hate, was filled with filthy drunk lust. sex with you is... filled with immense love, care, attraction... nothing can win that. nothing can come close to this. stop worry your pretty little head over this, there is nothing more from you that i want. i want you, and only you. sex with you is the most magical thing to me, i don't need to change things or spice things up cause i love it just the way it is. i love you just the way you are, i'd never want to be with anyone else, okay?"jungkook nodded, "okay""we'll try... this," he chuckled and pointed at both of them, obviously referring to them having sex, "another time. let's go to sleep now, hmm?" he kissed jungkook's pout.they fell asleep in each other's embrace. they have so much to fix.so much to rebuild. 



Chapter End Notes
YOU THOTYOU THOT IT'D BE A HAPPY AND BUBBLY PART 3IT'S LIKE YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW MEhope you'll like this part <3honestly at this point I can't even promise you that it's going to be the last one LMFAOI'm addicted to writing this story as much as you guys are addicted to reading itlove yall <3and if you're new please read Poison Ivy and Unglued Tears to understand this one better :)


Monsters Under the Bed.



jungkook slammed the front door shut in anger, stomping towards the living room to find startled yoongi and baby yoongi, who were innocently playing with baby yoongi's toys on the floor, staring at him in confusion.jungkook calmed down a bit, seeing the two people he loves the most was the best part of his day.but he was still pissed."what happened, baby?" yoongi turned around to face jungkook. "why is it so fucking hard to find a job these days?!" he growled and threw his bag on the floor, brushing a hand through his hair in frustration. "phuking"yoongi gasped dramatically and turned his head towards baby yoongi, who smiled at the older men sweetly."look what you taught him to say, bad daddy" yoongi lightly grabbed baby yoongi's hips and sat him on his lap, tickling him.jungkook chuckled, though still appearing to be mad, "please, that was the only word he got from everything i said? i'm sure he knows what it means by now" he smirked.baby yoongi tried to imitate jungkook and smirked back, not understanding anything that is going on.yoongi smiled sadly and looked at jungkook while letting baby yoongi play with his fingers, "no luck?"jungkook sighed and looked down, hugging his legs. "they don't want someone who doesn't have a degree. no one does""you know it's not too late for you, you're barely thirty""yeah, with a kid""you have me to take care of him while you're gone""what about money?"yoongi didn't have the answer for that."why don't you come back?""speeches? no. i don't want to be reminded of my past every single day, it depresses me even more"the 'even more' didn't pass yoongi's ears, but he decided to ignore it for now, seeing how upset jungkook already was."why don't you try dancing again?"jungkook perked up at that, a bit taken aback."what are you talking about? do you think i have time for that? i'm also too old-", "as a teacher, jungkook"jungkook blinked, "i haven't danced in years, i don't think i remember how to""it's in your blood. go take some dancing lessons from hoseok to refresh your memory. you don't need a degree for that and you already have tons of experience, it was also your dream that you stopped because of me"jungkook looked at a spot on the wall, actually considering yoongi's words. heart filled with excitement at the thought."i'll think about it"yoongi smiled, proud of himself.it was hard to talk to jungkook when he was like that, he was always stubborn and when things didn't go his way he would act bitter towards anyone.anyone.yoongi wasn't an exception. so actually have a semi decent conversation with jungkook and actually make him consider something when he was in this state made yoongi proud of himself. they were both startled when they heard something slammed rudely on the floor, looking at the source of the noise.one of the toys was shattered around, being aggressively thrown on the floor by baby yoongi. the toddler suddenly started screaming.screeching."hey hey baby, what's wrong?" jungkook crawled over the two in front of him and took baby yoongi in his hands.the toddler's face was red, tears and snot all over his face. one hand flapping and the other one hitting his own head.jungkook quickly grabbed the hand that baby yoongi was hitting himself with, panic in his eyes.the wails were so loud, jungkook and yoongi were sure they'd turn deaf.yoongi quickly got up from the floor and ran to the toddler's room, returning with a big clear ball with water filled with sparkles in it, handing it to baby yoongi."here, baby, your favorite toy, right? you want to play with it?" it took a while but the angry toddler finally calmed down and wobbled his way towards the ball, rolling it from side to side on the floor quietly, just looking at it in amazement. jungkook breathed hard, body still shaking, "that was scary"yoongi shrugged, "not really. you and namjoon would scream like that when you were babies too""we probably had a reason to cry like that, and we probably didn't hurt ourselves on the way"yoongi looked at baby yoongi, "he probably had a reason"jungkook shook his head, "he didn't. he also just broke one of his toys, he literally slammed it on the floor"yoongi sighed, "jungkook, he has autism. you can't ignore that. there will be a lot more of these episodes, and a simple ball won't help in the future" "i'm not ignoring that i just don't know what to do" jungkook sounded like he was defending himself."hey, i'm not blaming you. i don't know how to handle it, either. all i can do is do whatever i did with you and namjoon, but i'm pretty sure it's not the same""so what are you suggesting?""therapy? maybe for the three of us together? so we could learn how to deal with it, know what to do""more therapy? haven't we had enough of that? you're in therapy now" jungkook got up off the floor."it's not only for you and i, it's for him too. we can't keep going on like everything is fine when the kid obviously has issues we need to understand better. do you know what to do? 'cause i'm sure as hell do not""why don't you stay out of this?" yoongi raised an eyebrow at that, getting up and facing jungkook.he had so much to prove to jungkook, to prove that he is worth jungkook.worth his trust.worth his love.but he's not going to let jungkook play with his emotions like that.he'll do anything for jungkook, but not like this."i thought i was his father, too?or am i only his father when it's comfortable for you? when you're out there looking for a job and i'm here babysitting him?but when it comes to drastic decisions about his life and future suddenly i should stay out of it?"jungkook widened his eyes."i-", "don't fucking play with people's emotions like that, jungkook. if you want us to raise this child together as equals, that's how you should treat me too. an equal"jungkook's eyes were glistening, "i'm sorry"yoongi took a deep breath."i'm sorry, i'm sorry... you're right. i'm just pissed that i can't find a damn job and his tantrum scared me and... i'm sorry, i'm sorry" he hugged yoongi tightly. "we'll take him to therapy, we'll learn everything we need. i'm sorry"yoongi sighed and hugged jungkook back."don't forget i have a little bit more experience than you, i've raised both you and namjoon alone. i know how to raise kids, okay?" he lowered his head a little bit to look at jungkook, jungkook lifted his head and nodded."i'm sorry""stop apologizing""i'm sorry""i will hit you"jungkook smiled sweetly, "you wouldn't dare"it meant so much more than they intended to. yoongi looked at jungkook, his beautiful jungkook.he brushed jungkook's locks from his forehead, "i wouldn't" he leaned down for a kiss and jungkook let him.they kissed sweetly, deeply, with baby yoongi's cute giggles as their romantic background music.



Se Perdre.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"fuck" yoongi grunted and placed his hands on the mirror in front of him. body slick, back sliding against jungkook's chest who was pressed against him from behind, buried deep inside of him.jungkook had a light hold on yoongi's neck, making the older rest his head back on his shoulder, jungkook kissed his sweaty neck while snapping his hips forward."please tell me you're close, 'cause i am" jungkook rasped in his ear, grabbing yoongi's face with one hand, making him face him, the other hand stroking the other's member faster than his hips' pace.yoongi was too lost in pleasure, pleasure from jungkook's hand touching him just right, and pleasure from jungkook's cock hitting all the right spots inside of him.he didn't trust his voice, only closing his eyes and humming.jungkook kissed him deeply, tongues caressing one another while jungkook traced his hands over yoongi's sides, stopping at his hips and gripped tightly, fastening his pace.yoongi couldn't keep up with the kiss, just moaning helplessly against jungkook's lips, cock leaking against the mirror, hole tightening.jungkook bit yoongi's salty neck when he came with a growl inside the older, yoongi quickly followed behind, squirting on jungkook's hand and on the mirror.yoongi slammed his head against the mirror, if jungkook wasn't holding him he would've dropped on the damn floor, his legs were wobbly from the intense orgasm he just had.jungkook continued kissing yoongi, kissing him down his nape, down his back. "baby..." yoongi breathed and pressed his cheek against the mirror, panting.jungkook ignored him and kept kissing down his spine, crouching to plant more kisses on his lower back.yoongi could feel his dick coming back to life again at jungkook's actions.when he felt a cold, wet sensation between his ass cheeks yoongi gasped loudly and widened his eyes, trying to see what was happening behind him through the mirror but with no luck.this was a first.from what yoongi recalls, they have never done it like this before.yoongi bit his lower lip and tried to control his breathing, trying to quiet his moans.jungkook went ham on yoongi like he was a fucking meal. licking, kissing, sucking against his hole so no trace of jungkook's cum would drip.jungkook nudged yoongi's legs open even more, and yoongi obliged.jungkook crawled underneath yoongi and licked a stripe against yoongi's soft ball sack, sucking the sensitive skin while also pinching it lightly between his teeth. "no no, kookie stop i can't" yoongi panted and walked back, a little awkwardly since his legs were spread open, he looked down at jungkook who looked like a complete sin.eyes dark with lust, mouth wet from his and yoongi's fluids mixed together, a naughty smirk on his lips."are you insane? i can't cum twice i'm not thirty anymore, i can actually die from this"jungkook laughed, automatically making yoongi smile.jungkook patted yoongi's ass affectionately and hopped up, wearing a big grin on his face."what are you smiling about, you brat?" yoongi turned around and leaned back against the mirror, trying to look calm while inside he felt like he was dying."nothing, i just love making a mess out of you" he smirked and placed his hands on yoongi's waist, kissing his pout.they could hear crying from baby yoongi's room."i'll go get him, you go talk to hoseok""it's eight in the morning""i said go" jungkook clicked his tongue and grunted, "fine" he picked up his boxers off the floor and wore them quickly, making his way towards the door.yoongi started to dress himself as well, "go grab something to eat before you go, can't have you starving all day""i already ate" jungkook said smugly and winked at yoongi.yoongi tsked and took off the shirt he was about to wear, crumpled it and threw it at jungkook.but jungkook was faster, he let out a big high pitched laugh before closing the door right before the shirt would hit him."brat" yoongi shook his head.   "i'm going!" jungkook said while chewing on a sandwich he quickly made himself.yoongi had the toddler in his arms, "bye, babe. good luck!"jungkook quickly ran towards the two, he kissed baby yoongi's head and after that he kissed yoongi's lips and ran again towards the door."someone is hyper" yoongi snickered."thanks to you" jungkook smirked.yoongi looked at the baby in his arms and nudged his hand, "say bye to dada"nothing.baby yoongi was staring at him blankly.yoongi tried to wave his hand, he thought maybe he would try to imitate him.nothing.yoongi sighed, "you're going to give me a hard time, aren't you?"the toddler smiled.yoongi smiled back.jungkook didn't find it funny."maybe look for a specialist while i'm gone?"yoongi nodded, "will do. don't worry. go achieve your dreams"jungkook smiled and closed the door behind him."so," yoongi looked at baby yoongi again, "whatchu wanna do today?"nothing.no response."how about we go to the park?" nothing."you're so enthusiastic" suddenly there was a knock on the door."oh, look. it's your brat of a father, he probably forgot something. his head, perhaps" yoongi walked towards the door and opened it.he froze."seokjin" - "that's it for today you guys, you were all great! see you tomorrow, same hour" jungkook was leaned against the studio door with his arms crossed, watching as all the kids grab their things and go their way.old memories coming back to him."jungkookie" hoseok widened his eyes."hey hyung" jungkook smiled and walked in once the studio was empty. "what are you doing here?""don't these kids have school?"hoseok chuckled, "we have a competition in a week, the parents understand. how are you though?!""i'm fine""how are you? are you still in touch with tae and jimin?"jungkook froze at the mention of the names."um, not really. we're all very busy with our lives"hoseok nodded in understanding, "that's too bad. you used to be really close, no one could come between you three""life did.""how is namjoon?"heart beating faster, "fine. he's fine"hoseok nodded again, "what are you doing here, kook? do you need something?""i- i think i want to become a teacher? a dance teacher that is, i wanted you to help me...?" jungkook cleared his throat awkwardly and scratched the back of his head.hoseok wore the biggest smile on his face, "of course, of course! i'm so glad... you were born for this, you know that right?" jungkook smiled shyly. - "hey yoongi""hey""we need to talk, don't you think?"yoongi nodded dumbly."can i come in?""of course"  the atmosphere was awkward. it was never like this before with seokjin.seokjin crossed his arms and looked at yoongi and baby yoongi."were you his babysitter all this time?" seokjin was distant. cold.yoongi swallowed, "something like that""are you going to tell me everything?"yoongi took a deep breath."yes."



Chapter End Notes
btw for anyone who's wondering why part 3 is romanticized and normalized please be patient there's a reason for that dw ;3


Pushed to the Limit.



yoongi and seokjin were sitting across one another by the kitchen table, yoongi sat baby yoongi on his lap."why didn't you tell me you were alive?""no one knew, i didn't want whoever wanted to kill me to find out at the time, when i didnt know who it was""jungkook knew""jungkook knew" yoongi confirmed.seokjin nodded and kept looking at yoongi, face unreadable."did he know from the beginning?""god no, i revealed myself to him after a year and a half"seokjin widened his eyes, "what did you do for a damn year and half on your own? you just hid in that underground basement?" yoongi nodded."wasn't really on my own, i had my alcohol with me" he chuckled darkly.seokjin sighed."how?""how what?""how did you fake your own death? jungkook, namjoon and i saw your fucking body. you were confirmed dead in front of us by doctors"yoongi shrugged, "i have a criminal mind too, not just namjoon"seokjin shook his head, he sighed in disappointed, "namjoon always tried to be like you""he grew up to be better"seokjin took a deep breath, "he turned himself in" yoongi felt like his heart stopped."he told them everything... he was charged with first degree attempted murder since he didn't directly hurt you nor tried to in a physical way. they gave him ten years instead of life with a possibility of parole"yoongi knew namjoon was going to do it, but actually learning that it did happen...he closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to stop the tears from coming.his heart ached. ached for his oldest son."they found minyoung too, i don't know the time they gave her. jimin is no where to be found"yoongi opened his eyes and frowned, "weren't they together?"seokjin shrugged."what about yoonah?""yoonah is no where to be found either" yoongi looked down and nodded.seokjin softened, "are you okay?"yoongi shook his head.he couldn't stop thinking about namjoon. in jail. for ten years. because of him."i should've confessed instead of him. i should've been the one in jail instead of him""yoongi..."yoongi gently placed baby yoongi on the floor and wiped his teary eyes quickly."i feel selfish. and hopeless. i can't do anything to help him""living here with jungkook isn't helping him either, i'm pretty sure"yoongi frowned again, "what's that gotta do with anything?""he did all that because of your sick relationship with jungkook and now he's in jail and you two are living together happily ever after" seokjin got up. enraged."i thought you wanted me to fix things with jungkook? what happened now?" yoongi got up as well, just as angry."fixing things is progressing. you living with him and you two acting like you're a couple again is the opposite of progression""what the fuck do you think you know about my relationship with him?""you want me to believe that you're living here with him and aren't fucking your son again?"yoongi's body was shaking, he was furious."my relationship with jungkook is not only about sex-""it isn't?!" seokjin laughed sarcastically, "i'm sure you had a lot in common with a ten year old, i'm sure you two had a lot to discuss about and find similar interests. how could i think otherwise? you two were made for each other! don't tell me this isn't about sex, or rape should i say, when you jerked him off the first time when he was ten and made him lose his virginity when he was fourteen, just don't!""i'm done with this conversation. get the fuck out of my house"baby yoongi started crying, but yoongi couldn't deal with this right now."what is going to happen in the future, yoongi? you two are going to raise him as your kid? and then what? what if he asks? what if he finds out? how can you fucking explain this to him?and what about jungkook? do you think he actually loves you? he's too scarred and traumatized to know the difference between love and dependency. how can you prevent him for having a normal life? with a wife, or a husband. how do you think you two are going to work out?! your relationship is illegal! what will happen when people find out, yoongi? what will you do then? how is jungkook going to handle that?why do you keep ruining this kid's life for your selfish interests? your kid! he's your son! your other one! look at them! you ruined both of their lives!"they both couldn't help but start crying.this was getting too intense.too emotional.too real.too real.too real."get out" it was barely more than a whisper.yoongi couldn't listen to this anymore."i love you yoongi, you're my little brother but- but you fucked up. and you keep fucking up. and you need help, cause you're hurting your most loved ones on the way. and you're sick-""don't make me do things i'll regret later. get out."yoongi wasn't asking anymore.this was a demand.seokjin was gone.yoongi sat next to baby yoongi on the floor, covered his face in his hands and broke down crying, baby yoongi crying with him. - when jungkook was done with hoseok's class it was late at night.he was sweaty and smelly from practice, but he was happy. he was satisfied.he opened the door for him room slowly, quietly, peaking inside.yoongi was sitting on the bed, hugging himself, the lights were dimmed.jungkook was too high on adrenaline too notice there was something wrong."hi" he smiled to yoongi."hi," yoongi tried to smile back, "how was it?"jungkook jumped on the bed and dropped his weight on yoongi, wrapping his arms around the older's neck."it was perfect. i'm so happy. i can't believe this is going to be my job""you smell like death" yoongi groaned. jungkook snorted and got up from the bed, taking off his shirt. "party pooper. i'm going to take a shower, be right back" when jungkook was back, with a single towel wrapped around his waist, yoongi was in the same position, but jungkook didn't pay too much attention into it."i'm really happy for you, baby"jungkook sat next to him on the bed. "thank you. thank you for suggesting this, i would have never done this if it wasn't for you"yoongi studied jungkook.the love of his life.the person he loves the most. seokjin was wrong.right?jungkook was happy with him.he made jungkook happy.and this was the most important thing."i love you"jungkook widened his eyes. "is something wrong? did anything happen while i was gone?"yoongi took the boy's hand in his and kissed it."no, i just want you to know that no matter what happens, i love you. i will always love you, i will do anything for you, for us."jungkook had a strange feeling.frowning, "i love you too..."yoongi took jungkook's chin between his thumb and point finger and leaned down to plant a kiss on jungkook's sinful lips.



Know Your Worth.



"seokjin was here yesterday" the three of them were sitting in the kitchen across the table, yoongi had one leg on the chair, he was holding his ankle, looking at jungkook.jungkook, who was feeding baby yoongi, turned his head to look at the older. "why didn't you tell me?""i didn't want to ruin your mood""ruin my mood? did he say something that would ruin my mood?"yoongi's look said it all."what did he say?" jungkook turned serious, though still feeding his son."namjoon turned himself in"jungkook froze, he placed baby yoongi's spoon on his highchair's table and completely turned around to face yoongi."how bad is it?" "ten years, with a possibility of parole"jungkook suddenly chuckled, yoongi raised his eyebrow."it's funny how he didn't really do anything to you directly, yet he got ten years. and you... sexually harassed me since i was ten, raped me and abused me, being your son on top of that, and you only got... what? three years?"yoongi widened his eyes, "wow""i just don't understand the logic""i told you already that they thought i was mentally unstable and that i needed therapy, and that seokjin's money was also involved in this""how many years would it be if they didn't...?" "life, and then some more" jungkook blinked."are you even allowed to be seen with me?"yoongi snickered, "no. but i do a lot of things i should not do with you" jungkook bit his lower lip, "what else did he say?""they found minyoung but he didn't know what her punishment was, jimin and yoonah are no where to be found""were you weird last night because of namjoon?"yoongi took a deep breath, "not just that""what more did he say?" jungkook pressed."he degraded our relationship, per usual. calling me sick, saying our relationship is all about sex, that you don't really love me but only manipulated by me, and that i've ruined yours and namjoon's life"jungkook listened, nodding slowly.he got up from his chair and took baby yoongi's almost empty dished and walked to the sink and put the dishes there, he turned around to lean his body against the counter top and crossed his arms."maybe he's right-" "wow, you're very lovely to me today." yoongi said sarcastically and got up for the chair, obviously hurt.he was about to get out of the kitchen, "listen to me..." jungkook asked softly.yoongi sighed and stopped walking, he turned his head to look at jungkook."he's not right about calling you sick, or saying our relationship is all about sex, or even about ruining mine and namjoon's lives.... but maybe i am manipulated, maybe i am bewitched because obsessing over you is all i've ever known, is all you ever taught me. but that's all i feel, what i feel... is real. i do love you. i don't know anything else, i've only ever loved you"yoongi softened, "he asked me how could i prevent you from living a normal life with a wife or a husband. he asked me how can we do this to baby yoongi, how would we explain our relationship to him when he finds out, how would we explain this to people when they find out i-""we know the risks," jungkook cut his words, "we've known this for a long time. for now, we're okay 'cause no one else knows and yoongi is too young to understand. when time comes, we'll figure what to do then. and i don't want someone else in my life, i've tried that and at the end of the day i always come running back to you. we-" jungkook sighed loudly, "we've been through so much, dad, i don't think there is anything that can break us anymore""it was always just you and i against the world""always" jungkook smiled, yoongi smiled back.  -  jungkook dropped on the studio floor and panted hard, body sweaty and clothes damp."that was intense" he breathed and laughed when hoseok plopped next to him. "is everything starting to come back to you? memory refreshed?"jungkook hummed in approval, "i forgot how much i love dancing. i forgot about how much it makes me forget""tell me about it," hoseok chuckled, "every time i feel like shit i come here and dance til i collapse, i take out my anger and forget about everything all at the same time"jungkook turned his head to look at hoseok, "feel like shit? you're literally a ray of sunshine, when do you ever feel like shit?"hoseok let out a big laugh, one that turned his eyes into crescents. "i feel like shit too, sometimes""that's hard to imagine""i just never talked about it with you guys since you were so young, and also my students" hoseok got up and went to his desk to get his water bottle. "want some?" jungkook shook his head, he sat up, spreading his legs and stretching them. "why did you quit, kook?"jungkook gulped, "i think you're the only one in this town who doesn't know my story""i heard something about your dad," jungkook's heart started beating faster at the mention of yoongi, "but at the time taehyung and jimin didn't really know anything either"jungkook cleared his throat and got up as well, "i had issues with my dad and he didn't approve of me dancing" jungkook shrugged."that's it? that's your 'story'?" jungkook didn't feel like talking about it, he was mad at himself for even mentioning it.it was in his past, although the demons were still there, he tried to ignore them.he was happy now with yoongi, he didn't feel like it was any of hoseok's business."yeah. and look, it's almost eight i need to put yoongi to bed""i can't believe you have a son" hoseok smiled.jungkook smiled too and was about to get ready to go out."thank you so much hyung, i'll see you tom-", "i've been cheated on recently, and i left them"jungkook turned around and looked at hoseok in shock."if you ever want to talk to me about something, please know that you always can. i just gave you information for information" hoseok winked playfully.jungkook snorted, "thank you hyung"he was about to go out the door but he stopped, he placed his hand on the door, still with his back to hoseok."i've been cheated on recently too, but i still come back home to them" when jungkook was driving back home he got a text.when he parked the car at his parking lot he checked his phone.his heart stopped. "can we talk?"- taehyung.



When it Was Good, it Was Perfect.
Chapter Notes
WARNING - piss kink

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




it was early in the morning when jungkook felt a wet, yet warm sensation all over his body in his sleep.he groaned and opened one eye just to find yoongi on top of him, kissing and licking his naked chest.jungkook opened his second eye and let out a small sigh at the sight.he brushed a hand through yoongi's hair and grasped it, yoongi smirked at that."morning, baby" jungkook's cock was waking up as well just from the sound of yoongi's raspy voice."morning" jungkook's voice was hoarse from not using it for several hours. yoongi kept kissing down jungkook's body, reaching his navel and wrapping his fingers around the younger's cock.jungkook moaned tiredly and shook his head, "n-no, not now" yoongi looked up at jungkook, kitty licking a stripe from the base to the tip while still looking at jungkook, he then licked his lips, "why?" he was still wearing that smirk."i really have to pee"yoongi's smirk was gone, eyes going dark.jungkook was about to sit up so he could get up and go pee but yoongi quickly grabbed his waist tightly, keeping him in place."wha-" jungkook gasped when yoongi suddenly took all of him in his mouth.jungkook threw his head back and shut his eyes close, then quickly looked down at yoongi again who was sucking jungkook's cock, sliding his lips and tongue up and down the length."what are you doing?" jungkook felt shivers down his spine, the need for urine release is getting stronger."i really need to pee i'm not kidding, stop" jungkook grabbed yoongi's hair again and pulled it, a little bit harshly, he wanted to get yoongi off of his dick.but yoongi kept on going, moaning around jungkook's cock, pace getting faster and faster.saliva down his chin, the sound of slick sucking was all the noise that was heard in the room.jungkook had never felt anything like this before, his body was on fire. sparks of pleasure running through his blood cells, but the eagerness was for something else.different kind of release.he gasped when he felt as he couldn't control himself anymore, propping himself on his elbows to look at the scene in front of him with wide eyes.face flushed when he felt a little stream coming out of him, he quickly stopped it. panting hard."what the fuck are you doing?" jungkook sounded scandalized. yoongi just kept looking at jungkook while hollowing his cheeks, bobbing his head up and down the black haired boy's cock.jungkook couldn't hold it anymore.he let out a loud moan when he let his bladder do what it needs. feeling relieved and mortified at the same time.yoongi closed his eyes and moaned when he felt jungkook's warm, bitter liquid filling his mouth.he caressed the boy's thighs while drinking him dry, he then licked the tip to not leave any traces behind.he looked up at jungkook and smirked again.jungkook was panting, he looked at yoongi with complete and utter shock."what was that? what did you just do?" yoongi slid up jungkook's body and was about to kiss him, jungkook quickly placed his hand between their lips, preventing them from touching."you're not going to kiss me after that"yoongi laughed, "you let me kiss you after i eat you out""that's not the same, i don't shit in your mouth. besides, i always shower before we do that"yoongi shrugged, "not always"yoongi didn't think jungkook's face could become redder but it did, he pushed yoongi off of him and got out of the bed, dressing himself."you're sick"yoongi let out a laugh and rolled on his back, looking at jungkook upside down."are we going to do it again?"jungkook widened his eyes again and looked at yoongi."are you being fucking serious right now? of course not! that was- well, maybe. i don't know....yes.yes.we will do it again" and then he ran out of the room, leaving yoongi laughing loudly on the bed. - "by the way, i found a specialist last night when you were with hoseok" yoongi took of his reading glasses and put the newspaper he was reading down the kitchen table.jungkook chuckled and ruffled his baby's hair, sitting in front on yoongi."first of all, you look like a sixty year old dad from an american movie, second of all, really? did you book a meeting?"yoongi squinted his eyes at the first remark."yup, the only specialist in this town. he wants to meet you and yoongi tomorrow at five, now what you need to bring with you is-"jungkook frowned, "you're talking as if i'm going alone"yoongi blinked, "no, you're going with yoongi""no, i'm going with you too"yoongi's face fell, "kookie, i can't come with you""why? you're his father too""i am his father here, between these four walls. we can't let anyone know what is going on here. and it'd be weird if i come to this meeting, why would anyone bring their dad to the-""maybe you're my only support? and that's the truth. you are my only support. dad, i want you to be there with me. i want you to be just as involved""i will be, don't worry""we both need to learn how to deal with it, not just me""you will teach me on the way, kookie. that's for the best" yoongi got up and took the dishes off the table and yoongi's highchair.he leaned down to kiss jungkook's pout away. - it was late, but not too late at night.jungkook told yoongi that he was going to practice, jungkook also told hoseok that he couldn't come today.he was waiting outside a building, freezing his ass off, hugging himself and walking around in circled.he was nervous.he was nervous 'cause he lied to yoongi.he was nervous 'cause he was about to meet"taehyung" the door finally opened.they were looking at each other. "come inside... we have a lot to talk about"



Chapter End Notes
THE COMMENTS ARE DECREASING WITH EACH CHAPTER I FEEL EMPTY INSIDE ;_;


You Make Me Again.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook looked around taehyung's place, hands stuffed in his coat pockets.he was standing awkwardly in the middle of taehyung's living room, body tense."you can sit on the couch, would you like anything to drink?"jungkook threw him a glare, "let's skip the friendly chit chat, shall we?"taehyung gulped and nodded, leaning back against the wall and crossing his arms, looking down.he licked his lips nervously before opening his mouth, "i lied to you""you lied to me about a lot" "i know, and i'm sorry," sorry started to be jungkook's most hated word, "namjoon hyung probably told you everything""i haven't talked to him since that day in mr kim's house, he told our father everything. you know who that is, right? the one who you lied to me about not knowing anything about our past relationship until attending one of my speeches" jungkook spat.taehyung took a deep breath, guilt written all over his face."i knew to some extent, hyung didn't tell me everything in details. i knew that your father used to molest you since you were a kid but... but i didn't know he raped you, i didn't know that you were in love with him, i didn't know it lasted for so long, i didn't know how bad it really was"jungkook didn't feel like talking about this topic with taehyung."you were a part of his plan, you knew exactly who minyoung was, you knew about mr kim, yoonah and jimin and yet-", "i didn't. i didn't know about mr kim, yoonah and jimin. i found out that minyoung and jimin were siblings the same time you did. i knew who minyoung was because i found out about it from namjoon hyung, i knew her motives because when i tried to distract her from hunting you like a damn prey she told me everything.namjoon hyung wanted me to be a part of his plan from the beginning, he asked me to show you the real world, show you what a real relationship is like and not with him.i got carried away, i was seventeen with a huge crush, i fucked up, i fucked up 'cause i drugged you and had sex with you which i shouldn't have and hyung didn't want me in his plan anymore"jungkook crossed his arms, "why did you agree in the first place?"taehyung's brows furrowed, "do you really need to ask? you were my best friend, i couldn't let you do this mistake. staying in a toxic, illegal and unhealthy relationship with your father who was alcoholic and abusive on top of that""why does everyone feel the need to mind my business? try to save me?""you needed to be saved""i'm not that fragile little kid anymore""maybe you're not anymore, but you were. you were like a wild animal trapped in a cage its entire life, growing up to think that this was real life, a normal life.but it wasn't.it wasn't normal, it wasn't okay, and you needed to be saved. you needed to be set free""even after everything, nothing has changed. all of you only hurt me even more on the way""you're still with him?""that's none of your business.""so that's a yes""i'm over with this conv-", -"look, jungkook. i'm not going to preach you about how wrong it is, you're a grown man and you can do what you want.it all started over a decade ago, it was like a rolling snowball that no one who was involved could stop. we all wanted to help you but it turned out on the bad side.i don't know about the rest but i can say for myself that i am truly sorry, you were and still are important to me and i just want you to be happy.i hope one day you will forgive me"jungkook wanted to.jungkook wanted to forgive taehyung.it was in jungkook's nature, forgive and forget. but that's what fucked him up in the first place.he's not going to be the old jungkook anymore, he's not there anymore."i hope you have a great life, taehyung" and he was gone. he was sitting in his car trying to calm down his breathing and beating heart.  - it was late when jungkook came home, waiting for yoongi in bed while the older was showering.yoongi walked out of the shower with his robe, drying his hair with a towel.he froze and widened his eyes at the sight of jungkook."baby, you surprised me. i didn't expect you to come back this early from practice"jungkook's heart clenched, he hated lying to yoongi.yoongi laid next to jungkook, he placed a hand on the younger's cheek and kissed him on the lips sweetly. jungkook licked and then smacked his lips, savoring the taste."how was it?""i was at taehyung's" wow.great, jungkook.self restrain ten out of ten.the light in yoongi's eyes has disappeared, smile gone."you were what?""he wanted to talk to me" jungkook nibbled at his bottom lip stressfully. "about what?" yoongi's tone was cold."he wanted to apologize about everything""and?""and i didn't accept it" jungkook shrugged.yoongi's features softened. heart calm with the knowledge that jungkook and taehyung were only talking.he also couldn't really be mad at jungkook for lying to him about going to practice considering all the times he lied to the younger.and bless the kid that lie didn't even last for more than four hours."why?""i'm tired of everyone's sorry's, i don't believe their words anymore. i'm always too forgiving and then it comes back to bite me in the ass.i'm done being nice, maybe that way people won't walk all over me""am i an exception?" yoongi smirked and nuzzled his nose against jungkook's neck."no, so don't fucking mess with me."he said that jokingly but they both knew jungkook wasn't joking at all.



Chapter End Notes
ugh thank you for your comments i love yall to death your comments make my day(more like mY LIFE) i'm not kidding <3


Lost in a Fairytale.



"it's so nice to meet you, mr min, and little yoongi as well" the specialist, dr kwon, smiled. dr kwon was sitting on a sofa in front of the couch jungkook was sitting with baby yoongi in his lap.jungkook smiled as well, "it's nice to meet you too, dr kwon" he bowed slightly."so let me tell you a little bit about myself before we start," dr kwon cleared his throat, "i am a licensed psychologist with more than eleven years of practice. i specialize in toddlers and pre school children with asd, which means autistic spectrum disorder. i offer consultation and coaching for parents of toddlers and children with autism, consultation which involves behavior support plans and coaching which involves autism evaluation and social skills assessment. i will guide you in every step of your son's development, i will not let you go home without knowing what to do in any situation that will happen in the future, i promise you that"jungkook hugged his son and nodded, not trusting his voice.apparently he needed yoongi to be there not only for him to be just as informed as he going to be, but also for support. support jungkook himself. yoongi was the only one who could calm his beating heart.in moments like this, jungkook felt like a lost child. he knew he should be strong for his son, but jungkook barely had any chance to interact with the real world outside his dysfunctional and destructional world of his own.he felt completely alone."you may have noticed that yoongi probably has repetitive behavior, problems with socialization and communication. i want you to tell me about that before i explain to you exactly what autism means" jungkook nodded, "he doesn't really make any eye contact, and he doesn't laugh or cry a lot"dr kwon hummed and nodded, writing stuff on his paper. "what else did you notice?""he barely even blabbers, he only knows how to say dada. he doesn't react a lot, either""does he play? when did you start noticing that he was different than other babies?""he plays a lot actually, he always finds a way to entertain himself and rarely gets bored. and one time he was playing with some legos or cubes i don't even remember, and he lined them by height and color and my older brother said it was not normal for someone his age so i quickly sent him for check ups"dr kwon nodded, "i assume you're raising him alone?" "i am his only parent, yes," jungkook's heart clenched at that, "my father helps me a lot, though""that's good, going through this process alone could be exhausting, it's good that you have some support.what more can you tell me about yoongi's behavior?""he has sudden tantrums, scary ones""how do you deal with them?"jungkook gulped and looked down at his son, who was sitting quietly and calmly, looking at his own hands."my father usually knows how to deal with these tantrums. he has this ball toy that he likes and it calms him down" jungkook felt embarrassed at that, he felt as if dr kwon was judging him for his bad parenthood."do you try to talk to him?""my father talks to him a lot, he doesn't really response with facial expressions""are you scared to deal with him?"jungkook widened his eyes at the bold question."excuse me?""it seems like your father tries to help your son with his development and you let him do it because you're either in denial of what is happening or you're just scared, which both are completely normal. he is your first child, am i right?"jungkook nodded, still dumbfounded."before i begin to explain to you about autism and before i start to analyze yoongi's behavior myself, i want to ask you to try talk to him more. try stopping his tantrums yourself, let your father out of this for a little bit. you're yoongi's father, you're the one he's going to rely on, you're the one yoongi needs the most" - "i hate him, i'm not going there anymore" jungkook placed baby yoongi on the floor gently, slammed the front door behind him and took off his coat and shoes in annoyance."what happened?" yoongi leaned his shoulder against the wall, standing in front of jungkook with crossed arms.he wanted to sigh, knowing already that jungkook probably got pissed at something stupid as usual.jungkook never liked when things didn't go his way.but jungkook looked like he was about to murder someone and yoongi was his only target so he decided to stay quiet."nothing. he thinks i'm a bad father and that you should stay away"yoongi raised an eyebrow."i told him that you help me a lot, and he said i should be the one dealing with yoongi's tantrums and i'm the one who should be helping with his development and that you're doing more than you need to since you're only his grandfather and that you should let me do it and back off"yoongi did sigh this time, jungkook glared at him."kookie, of course he would say that. he doesn't know about our relationship, and about my relationship with yoongi. who would even think such a thing? for him, and for everyone, you're yoongi's only parent and you should be the one raising him, not anyone else"jungkook pouted, "do you think i'm a bad father?"yoongi's hear melted at that, he got closer to jungkook and hugged him tightly."of course not, baby"jungkook sniffled, wiping his eyes and hugging yoongi back."i just think that you're scared"jungkook looked at yoongi, they were still hugging."i think you're not really ready to deal with yoongi's condition, i feel like you want to ignore that and act like it'll pass, but it won't"jungkook let the tears run down his cheeks.yoongi held jungkook's face and wiped the younger's tears with his thumbs."i felt so alone without you there. i felt like a goddamn child.""you are. you are a child. you haven't had the chance to grow up, when would you?" yoongi clicked his tongue, mad at himself. he brushed his thumb over jungkook's lips and looked him in the eyes."i am a bad father" jungkook let out sob and yoongi's face fell. "stop saying that. you're not a bad father, you're just a young man who went through a lot, you're barely even healed yourself and you're expected to take care of someone else. someone who only relies on you. of course you'd be scared, baby, this is completely normal. you're completely normal"jungkook has never heard that last sentence before."you will go again and learn what you need. this is your chance, this is your chance to help your son. and i will be there with you, we are in this together. we will go through this together, don't you ever think that you are alone. you're a good father and you're going to be even better once you learn how to deal with it, and you're not going to run away from it. you understand me?"jungkook nodded, eyes glossy."you probably felt the same when mom died and you were left to take care of us all by yourself"yoongi smiled sadly, "you have me though"jungkook wrapped his hands around yoongi's neck and kissed him deeply, surprising the older.after they parted their lips jungkook pressed his forehead to yoongi's, "i love you" he whispered and closed his eyes. yoongi pressed their bodies closer, holding the younger tightly, "i love you too" he whispered back.



White Noise.



jungkook and hoseok were sitting with their back against the big mirror wall at the studio, sweating and panting after a hard practice. "i honestly thought you didn't come yesterday because i was asking too many personal questions, i'm sorry if it was too much"jungkook raised an eyebrow and looked at hoseok, "you have nothing to be sorry about. something came up and i couldn't come, it had nothing to do with you hyung, don't worry" "good," hoseok chuckled, "i was worried i scared you"jungkook smirked and took the bottle of water that was next to him, "i'm not easily scared" he opened the cap and gulped down the water."what you said though, before you left... were you serious?"jungkook stopped drinking and handed the bottle to hoseok, the latter took it and started drinking."about what? being cheated on?""and coming back to whoever cheated on you"jungkook took a deep breath. yoongi's and jimin's past activities was still a sensitive topic for jungkook."love is strange like that""i think there's a limit to love. cheating, physical or emotional abuse... love shouldn't be an excuse for that"jungkook snorted, "i guess i have no limits"hoseok looked at jungkook, "did that person-", "was it recent for you? the cheating, that is? i mean, you keep mentioning it"hoseok sighed, "sorry, i probably sound desperate-", "you don't" hoseok smiled a little smile, a sad smile. "it's pretty recent, and i'm still stuck on it. but i'm trying to move on, dancing helps a lot""mine is pretty recent as well, but i'm not really stuck on it, not as i used to be""how?" they looked at each other, "how could you forgive your wife for cheating on you?"oh.right.hoseok still thought he was married to yoonah.well, he could play along. technically yoonah did cheat on him, but his thoughts were still on yoongi and jimin."i know that she loves me. she fucked up but... we're stronger than that. we've been through so much... don't get me wrong, it was hard at first. i was broken and i couldn't look him- her in the eyes for a long time""i still can't look him in the eyes"jungkook blinked, "him"hoseok chuckled, "him""i didn't know..."hoseok shrugged, "i don't scream to the world that i'm gay, i don't think it's anyone's business. especially in a country like ours"jungkook nodded dumbly.hoseok sighed again and pressed the back of his head to the mirror, looking up at the ceiling."he stopped answering my calls, he stopped texting me... and when i finally got to see him he told me that he cheated on me. he wanted to explain himself but i couldn't listen to his bullshit"it hit home for jungkook. "i feel like i'm not good enough, like he needed to cheat on me 'cause i wasn't enough for him.the only thing that makes me believe i am good enough is dancing"jungkook felt the same.he was so not in control of his life, but when he was dancing he was in full control.it was his body, his mind,not yoongi's. since his body and mind are his. always his."you're stronger than i am, i could never forgive him"jungkook didn't think he was stronger.jungkook thought exactly the opposite.he was weaker.he let love win.he let yoongi win again.but he doesn't regret it, not even for a second.he couldn't tell hoseok that, obviously.he wouldn't understand.no one understands.  -   when jungkook came back home he was greeted by baby yoongi's screeches. his heart started to beat faster, yoongi was having one of his episodes. this was his chance.he quickly closed the door and ran to the kitchen only to see yoongi dancing and hushing the toddler in his hands. "is this an episode?"yoongi shook his head, "he hasn't pooped since this morning, i think his stomach hurts"jungkook almost let out a 'phew' from how relieved he was, he wasn't ready for yoongi's episodes. not yet.he quickly came back to his senses and came closer to the two in front of him."should we take him to the doctor?"yoongi looked down at the baby, "it's late, no clinic is open now... i made him some-" when he turned his head to jungkook he widened his eyes.jungkook took a sip from the hot tea that was on the table and looked at yoongi with big, innocent eyes.he let out a satisfied sigh once he finished the big gulp he just took, "you made him some what?""... high laxative tea"jungkook widened his eyes as well.   "oh my god" jungkook got out from the bathroom for the nth time that night.while he was in there yoongi tucked the toddler in so he could take care of his second baby, which was jungkook.jungkook plopped on the bed with a loud thud, groaning and moaning in pain.yoongi pouted and sat next to the boy, caressing the younger's stomach in circle motion under his shirt."yoongi finally calmed down, he pooped a little bit after i gave him a little bit from the tea. he fell asleep quickly""my ass is literally burning""my poor baby" yoongi cooed."i feel like dying""i know, baby, i know. it'll pass soon""i seriously can't shit anymore, it's so painful""is there anything i ca-", "oh god no, there we go again" jungkook quickly got out of bed and ran to the bathroom, locking the door behind him.yoongi sighed and went to the kitchen to give jungkook some bread and a banana to help his explosive... issue.after about ten minutes jungkook came out again and closed the door behind him, he looked pale and his forehead was sweaty."here" yoongi handed the bread and banana to jungkook when the younger sat next to him on the bed."i can't eat, i will shit that""it will help""nothing will help i'm going to die from over shitting" "eat it" yoongi demanded. jungkook groaned and took the food from yoongi's hands, chewing on it slowly."i'm bleeding from my ass""lovely""i'm serious. i'm in so much pain.""i know, honey, i know," yoongi clicked his tongue and brushed his hand through jungkook's hair, not knowing what else to do, "do you want to go to the hospital?"jungkook shook his head violently, "yoongi just fell asleep, we can't wake him up. and also, i don't want to get my ass stitched again, it's painful as fuck"yoongi frowned, "again?"jungkook cleared his throat and looked at the bread he was holding, "also, the drive is long-" yoongi nudged jungkook's shoulder with his."what do you mean again?"jungkook inhaled through his nose and looked at yoongi, eyes turning a shade darker. "that day..." yoongi's body froze, "i had to get stitches down there"yoongi then realized that he and jungkook talked about everything.everything and anything that happened and will happen in the future.but they never talked about what happened that day, or the days after.yoongi looked at him, face blank. "was it serious?""you fisted me and then fucked me dry, yeah it caused some damage. i wasn't allowed to do anal sex for like five years" jungkook chuckled darkly.yoongi felt like throwing up, memories of that day suddenly haunting him."what else?"jungkook studied the older, "i was also limping for months. you also hurt my vocal chords, i couldn't talk properly for a long time, either.i think i had a broken rib from the punching? i don't really remember, i don't really remember anything. i think my conscious wants to forget that ever happened"yoongi took jungkook's hands in his own and intertwined their fingers."tell me... tell me what happened after""i really don't want to talk about it. especially not right now when i feel like shit""will you? will you tell me?""why do you want to know?""i want to-" suddenly there was a loud knock on the door, both yoongi and jungkook jumped in surprise."stay here, i'll go check who that is""didn't think otherwise. unless you want me to shit on people's faces, i can shoot shit from my ass right now, i'm a great weapon""jesus christ, shut up already" yoongi chuckled and got up from the bed, opening the room's door and walking his way towards the front door.he looked through the peephole and saw two officers standing there. 



House of Cards.
Chapter Notes
WARNING - mentions of what happened /that day/

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




yoongi took a deep breath, heart thumping in his ears when he opened the door."min yoongi?" there was one female officer and the other one was a male officer.thousands thoughts ran through yoongi's mind as to why they were there. "yes" he answered, trying to sounds calm while panicking on the inside."we want to ask you some questions about min yoonah also known as kim yoonah and park jimin, could you please follow us to the police station?""oh my god" they could hear jungkook's miserable whine and a slam of a bathroom door in the background, both officers raised their eyebrows.yoongi sighed, "my son accidentally drank high laxative tea... and my grandson is sleeping and there's no one else who could take care of him if he wakes up. can we reschedule?"the male officer looked at the female officer, the latter shrugged, "it's okay, we can do it here. we need to talk to your son as well" yoongi cursed in his heart. the officers were sitting on the living room's couch while yoongi was standing nervously in front of them, dancing his leg, the male officer didn't miss that."min namjoon, your older son, revealed to us some interesting information" the male officer studied yoongi.yoongi waited."what was your relationship with mr park?" yoongi's breath hitched, "he was jungkook's best friend" "and that's it?" yoongi glared at her, "yes.""namjoon didn't send him to try to distract you from the plot he himself was plotting?" "he lived in my hiding place for a while""i thought that was it, mr min" yoongi frowned, "why are you speaking to me as if i'm a suspect?""park jimin used to live in your place and you denied it, you're not giving us many options here""he wanted revenge since i killed his father in self defense, i already told that to the police the day they came after we were kidnapped. i haven't seen him since""what about yoonah? do you know where she is?""no, she probably ran away. mr kim kept her hostage as well""your son doesn't know where his wife is? that's strange""they were separated""so it's just you and your son here?""and my grandson"the male officer suddenly stood up, "how many years was your restraining order from jungkook for?" yoongi widened his eyes, he almost forgot about that. "five years""and you two live together? alone?"yoongi squinted his eyes, "yes. he's raising his son by himself and i'm helping him since he's got a job now""that's nice that you two are in good terms now. how he forgave you after raping him and abusing him since he was a kid""what do you guys want? i answered your damn questions already" he was starting to get angered."what is your relationship with jungkook now? do you still fuck him? or should i say, rape him?"yoongi felt his body shaking, he was about to kill the two in front of him if they won't shut the fuck up."no, i told you already. i'm helping him with his son""how about we check that in front of a lie detector?" yoongi froze."woah" all three turned their heads towards the hallway, jungkook was standing there with wide eyes and mouth."i'm sorry, but you're the most beautiful woman i've ever seen"yoongi raised an eyebrow, he and jungkook shared a stare. the female officer blushed and covered her mouth while smiling shyly.jungkook wasn't stupid nor naive, he knew the power he had on people. the male officer clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes."i know this is inappropriate but i have to ask your number""i'm at work now, i can't do that""mr min jungkook we need to ask you some que-", "you can't leave a man hanging like that, at least give me your name? i have to take you out on a date, i can't miss a chance like that"yoongi bit the inside of his cheek. "my name is bang jieun bu-", the male officer took the lady's hand, "we're gonna go now," he looked yoongi in the eyes, "we will back, though. don't you worry" yoongi gulped.  when they were gone yoongi pressed his back to the front door and panted, face getting paler.jungkook's face turned serious, he crossed his arms and got closer to yoongi."what the fuck did they want? why did they want you to do a lie detector test?""they asked me about jimin and yoonah, and then they asked me about you" yoongi held his chest, feeling a tightening feeling."what did you tell them?""the truth, that i don't know anything about their whereabouts""and what did you tell them about me?""lies."jungkook sighed."and really, jungkook? hitting on the officer?""it helped us, didn't it?""what if she actually gives you her number?""it won't be the first time i'd have to sleep with someone to save your ass"jungkook laughed but yoongi didn't find that funny at all."how are you feeling?""like shit. pun intended"yoongi hummed and looked at jungkook.jungkook blinked innocently, "what?""i still think about our conversation""what conversation?""about that day..."jungkook clicked his tongue and turned around to walk away, "i seriously don't feel like talking about""when will you feel like talking about it?""never." "you have to, we have to""you were there"yoongi followed jungkook to their room and closed the door behind him, "i don't remember a lot""i remember everything""i thought you said-", "it's because i don't want to talk about it. of course i fucking remember everything, what do you think i was talking about in my speeches? it haunts me to this day. but i try to not think about it, i try not to think about it because i want us to work, i want to not hate you again for what you did""i want you the face me. i want you to confront to me about it. i want-", "what do you fucking want me to say?!" jungkook was pissed now, he was facing yoongi."what? what do you want me to fucking tell you? how you punched me so hard i broke two ribs and couldn't breathe properly for six months? how you literally dragged me by my hair on the floor like i was a fucking trash? how you stuffed my mouth with a sock? choking me? making me choke on my own vomit? how you hit me with your belt? how you fingered me dry and then fisted me dry? and then fucked me dry? ripping my insides til i was bleeding? how i said our safe word and you ignored it? how i fell in and out of consciousness while you abused me and you still kept going? how i was so fucking scared of you? scared that you would kill me that night? how you choked me with your dick while i was still throwing up and ruining my vocal chords? how- how the physical was nothing... nothing compared to the emotional pain you caused me...? is that what you want to hear? are you happy now?" jungkook was crying openly. even after all those years he still wasn't over it.how could he?he will never be over it.yoongi opened a wound that was covered tightly.yoongi noticed he was crying as well, tears staining his cheeks.they were looking at one another.so broken.so pained.yoongi remembered why he wanted to kill himself."no." yoongi rasped.jungkook was shivering, he felt cold even though it was hot in the room."no, i am not happy""we were doing so good, why ruin it?""i- we can't hide it under the rug. we can't pretend like that day never happened. i needed you to talk about it with me, i needed you to be angry with me""there's not a day passing that i'm not angry at you, there's not a day i don't think about it or dream about it but- but you changed. you helped yourself. you wanted to get better. you were sick then and i-""i'm still sick. i'm still sick" yoongi kept repeating, covering his mouth with his hand. flashbacks of that day keep coming back to him."why? why did you come back to me?"jungkook took a deep breath."why do you always give me chances? why the fuck are you still here?!"jungkook flinched at yoongi raising his voice."i'm just as sick, i'm just as sick as you" jungkook finally replied, licking his tears.yoongi shook his head, "i made you sick.""you did. you made me sick.you made me fucked up in the head.you're- you're the cause of every bad decision i ever made, every bad thing that ever happened to me but-that's why you're the only one who gets me. the only one who knows what's going on in my head.you're the only one who can deal with me.no one understand me better than you do.and you came back after all these years, you wanted to help me, make things better... no one else would've done that for me.no one else loves me as much as you do.you showed me wrong love, tainted love, corrupted love but- but that's all the love that i know.that's all the love i need.you ruined me but i need you to heal me.you broke me but i need you to build me.i hate you, but i also love you.i will never forget what you did, but i forgive youi forgive youi forg-" yoongi cut jungkook's words with a bruising kiss, yoongi poured every emotion he had in that kiss, every tear, every promise, every lie and every truth.i will never hurt you again - that's what he wanted the kiss to translate. that's what he wanted to promise jungkook.and jungkook kissed back.believing yoongi's unspoken words again. again.and again.



Chapter End Notes
jfc i was listening to house of cards and the lyrics are so relevant to this story i had goosebumpsit's like the kNEW


Unsafe.



jungkook came back home from another meeting with dr kwon, baby yoongi in his arms."ah, my favorite people" yoongi greeted them with a smile, taking little yoongi from jungkook's hands to his own.jungkook was emotionless, he went to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water."how was it?" yoongi followed him to the kitchen as well, leaning his shoulder against the wall and kissing the toddler's cheek."it was fine" jungkook opened the window and searched for his cigarettes in one of his jeans pockets, putting one between his lips.yoongi frowned, "you started smoking again" it wasn't really a question.jungkook hummed and lit up the cigarette, inhaling the toxic smoke."are you mad at me?"jungkook placed his hands on the kitchen counter and inhaled the smoke loudly, looking through the window."jungkook" yoongi got closer to the younger.jungkook sighed and turned around, "i'm not mad at you. you just woken up demons inside of me that were asleep for a very long time" his voice was quiet. yoongi's heart clenched. "we had to reopen that wound again""i don't see how it helped us, it just made me uneasy""not everything we talk about needs to help our relationship, this was something we needed to discuss since it was buried so deep we almost forgot that it ever happened""i ignored it, i didn't forget""that's worse. it was always in your mind but you never let it out. i needed you to be angry at me for that, to show me how... how bad it was""and? did it change anything?" jungkook threw him a glare."i don't know, you tell me. did it?""i'm tired, i'm going to sleep" jungkook threw the almost finished cigarette to the sink and went to their bedroom. "kookie" jungkook froze, still with his back facing yoongi's way."i love you" jungkook took a shaky breath and closed his eyes, scared from the tears that were threatening to come out any second now.his body was shaking, his heart was aching."i love you too," it was barely more than a whisper, "i will tell you what dr kwon said after i take a nap"yoongi smiled, though a sad smile.but he knew they were going to be okay. - "i thought your father had passed away" hoseok looked at jungkook with a shocked expression.oh.jungkook forgot to mention that part while telling hoseok about the police coming to his house last night. jungkook cleared his throat, "yeah... it's a long ass story""what did they even want?" "to ask some questions... i don't know why i told you that. forget what i said"jungkook didn't know why he felt the need to tell that piece of information to hoseok where there was a dark story hidden behind it.a dark story that hoseok didn't need nor want to know."you know they can't do that unless they have a-", "they can. with my father they can do whatever they want to."hoseok crossed his arms and studied jungkook, "what did he do that was that bad that the police can interrogate him whenever they want?" jungkook cursed himself in his heart, why did he have to open his big mouth?"i-", "we don't have to talk about it, kook, it's totally fine" jungkook was grateful, he nodded and took off his sweaty shirt."hey, what do you think about watching me teach my kids?"jungkook perked up at that, "like, learning from you how to teach students how to dance?" hoseok smiled and nodded, "i think you're ready for the next level. your dancing skills are as good as they were when you were seventeen"jungkook grinned, "of course!" he said, too excitedly. "so you should stay, my class started in half an hour"jungkook nodded, probably looking like a mix between a five year old and a puppy but he couldn't care less. he was too happy.suddenly they could hear hoseok's phone going off, ringing loudly between the studio walls."hey kook, can you answer that and say i'm busy at the moment? i want take a quick shower before we start""sure thing, hyung"he went to the table the phone was placed on and answered the phone, dismissing the caller politely.when he ended the call, he took a glimpse of hoseok's phone wallpaper.what he saw made him drop the phone like it was on fire."oh my god" he gasped, hands shaking. 



I'm Alive and I'm Dead.



jungkook felt dizzy, vision getting blurry.he needed to get the fuck out.he quickly put on the extra shirt he brought with him for practice and ran out from the studio, texting hoseok that he was sorry he had to leave on his way home. jungkook could barely take his keys out the ignition with how shaky his hands were.he took a deep breath before unlocking the door to his house.the living room was dark, jungkook figured yoongi already put baby yoongi to sleep at this late hour.not even bothering taking his shoes off he walked fast towards his room, opening the door only to find yoongi reading a book that was placed on his lap.yoongi picked up his stare and took off his glasses."jimin"yoongi raised an eyebrow in confusion, "yoongi. my name is yoongi""hoseok hyung used to date jimin"yoongi closed the book and put it on the nightstand beside him, sitting up. "what are you talking about?""i saw a photo of hoseok and jimin kissing on hoseok's phone"yoongi frowned, "i didn't know he was gay""that's not the point. he told me his ex cheated on him, stopped answering his texts and calls and then when they finally got to meet up, he told him that he cheated on him.everything makes sense doesn't it? jimin couldn't answer hoseok's phone calls and texts since he was with you, you didn't let him use his phone. and he cheated on hoseok with y-", "what are you getting at?""maybe they're working together, maybe jimin is still trying to hurt you? maybe namjoon is working from jail? maybe jimin is hiding in hoseok's place? i-" jungkook looked at yoongi, who looked at him with a blank stare, "you think i'm crazy""you're being paranoid""did you forget that my brother plotted your death for more than seven years?""it's over, jungkook. i told you how my conversation with namjoon ended, and i trust him""and jimin? do you trust him too?" jungkook squinted his eyes, daring yoongi to answer."he wouldn't do something like this on his own""oh, 'cause you know him so damn well? how could i forget. you two got really close"yoongi got up from the bed and began walking away."where the fuck do you think you're going?""where the fuck i want" yoongi spat and looked jungkook in the eyes."i'm not done""i am." jungkook's breath hitched at that, "i'm tired of your built jealously, and i'm tired of your built anger, and i'm tired of your built conspiracies. if something bothers you, you should come talk to me. not hide it inside and then let it all out of me. i'm not your punching bag.i want to bear with you, i want to be there for you but you were the one who decided to stop taking your medicine yet i'm ending up being the victim here-" yoongi shut his mouth. he chose the wrong word.jungkook chuckled darkly, "please, keep talking. keep telling me how much of a victim you are in this relationship""i don't want to fight with you, jungkook""this is not even the beginning""what do you want from me?"jungkook didn't know what to say."i have feelings too, and i get hurt too. i know that i can't compare my pain to yours, but it's hard for me too. i'm sorry i brought up things that you didn't want to talk about, but i don't regret it. and maybe i should just let you let out all your anger on me-""i'm sorry"yoongi widened his eyes."i'm sorry," jungkook inhaled loudly, "i'm sorry. all the anger i held towards you all these years has been brought up and i don't know how to deal with it""tell me what you want me to do, kookie, i'll do anything" yoongi softened.jungkook's shoulders dropped, "i need some time."yoongi could actually feel his heart breaking.it was like they were making a step forwards only to take three back. "do you want me to leave or-" jungkook shook his head and yoongi couldn't help thinking that jungkook looked like a lost kid."you want me to sleep on the couch tonight?"jungkook nodded his head silently, eyes tired."okay" yoongi whispered.  yoongi couldn't sleep that night.the living room was dark, the couch was uncomfortable.he looked at nothing.thoughts running through his head."are you awake?" he was startled at the sound of the voice, and suddenly the dimmed lights were on.he stole a glance to the big clock hanging on the wall, it was three in the morning.he looked back at jungkook who was standing awkwardly in the middle of the living room, yoongi propped himself on his elbows."yes""i can't sleep""me neither"jungkook pouted and looked down, playing with his fingers."want me to come back to bed?"jungkook shook his head."want to talk?"jungkook shook his head again.he got closer to yoongi, walking slowly.yoongi made room for jungkook to lay beside him.jungkook did just that.jungkook sneaked his hands under the blanket and wrapped them around yoongi's body."why can't we be okay?" he buried his head in the crook of yoongi's neck.yoongi sighed deeply and hugged the boy back, kissing the top of his head. "i don't know, baby, i don't know""i'm sorry i keep fucking up" jungkook mumbled. "i'm sorry i kept fucking up" yoongi replied, making them both chuckle.jungkook looked up at yoongi with hooded eyes, "bear with me"yoongi tightened his hold on the boy, "i'm sorry, i know i promised""i'm sorry too, i know i've been obnoxious lately""nooo.... why would you say that..." yoongi joked, obviously being sarcastic. jungkook snorted and punched the older's chest playfully."shut up""i know there were several reasons for that. i'm sorry i got so pissed, i should've known better""we have a lot of things to work on, don't we?""we do. and we are, and we will. little by little, yeah?"jungkook nodded and pressed his lips to the older's.yoongi returned the kiss."i still suspect hoseok hyung. i still think jimin is there and they're plotting something" jungkook suddenly said when they parted.yoongi blinked, not surprised. "ask him about it then""seriously?""subtly. don't be too obvious about it. just get some information, if it'll calm you down""me? obvious? please.""jungkook.""don't worry, i'll do it subtly, promise~" - "you used to fuck jimin, huh hoseok hyung?"hoseok looked at jungkook with wide eyes and a wide mouth.



Lies. Lies. Lies.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




hoseok turned to look at his students in front of him, absolutely mortified.jungkook was casually standing next to him, chewing a gum loudly, waiting."excuse me, kids" hoseok faked a smile and pulled jungkook out of the studio."what the fuck is wrong with you?" he whispered.jungkook crossed his arms, "don't act all innocent now, hyung. i know everything"hoseok widened his eyes for a second before sighing loudly, "how did you find out?" his voice turned serious. one jungkook never heard hoseok use before."i saw a photo of you two on your phone, one plus one makes two"hoseok crossed his arms as well, "i don't want you to think of me differently""it's too late for that now. is he hiding in your place?"hoseok frowned, "who?""what do you mean who? jimin""hiding? in my place? what are you talking about?"jungkook scowled, "what are you talking about?""i was talking about how my relationship with jimin started when he was under- jungkook, what were you talking about? jimin is hiding? from who?""don't act like you don't know what i mean""i really don't. i haven't seen jimin since the last time we met and he told me he cheated on me, which was months ago"jungkook blinked dumbly, "oh.""don't oh me, tell me what you were talking about."the younger bit his bottom lip nervously, "don't you need to go back to class?"hoseok clicked his tongue and brushed a hand through his hair in frustration, "this is not over, jungkook. i want an explanation"  - yoongi looked at jungkook with complete shock."i told you to do it subtly""you know i don't listen to you anymore" jungkook shrugged and jumped to sit on the kitchen counter, a half pickle in his hand, the other half in his mouth.yoongi smacked the younger's head playfully, jungkook whined and pouted."what are you going to tell him now? are you going to tell him everything?""of course not. i'll figure something out""i told you hoseok has nothing to do with it""maybe he's acting all innocent just to mess with me, i don't trust anyone anymore""except for me""except for you" jungkook wrapped his legs around yoongi waist and pressed him closer to him.yoongi sneaked his hands around jungkook's body, "i have to go to the aa meeting soon""i'm proud of you, i really am"yoongi smiled, "i'm doing this for you and for yoongi""and for yourself, too"suddenly jungkook felt vibration in his back pocket, he took his phone out and checked the text he just got."want to come to my place to talk? i have an indoor studio as well, we can practice a little after we talk. i'm not letting this interrupt your dancing progression" - hoseok.jungkook put the rest of the pickle in his mouth and turned to look at yoongi, "hoseok wants me to come to his place to talk" yoongi grimaced, "stop talking with your mouth full"jungkook chuckled and then started to choke."good, die" yoongi joked yet gave jungkook the glass of water he himself was drinking from.jungkook took a big gulp and coughed a little, "you're so mean to me""i just saved your life""my hero" jungkook hummed.the nickname sent nasty shivers down yoongi's spine.he walked away from a very confused jungkook, "i need to go soon, go talk to hoseok, maybe you'll find more clues there"jungkook raised an eyebrow, "what happened? why are you weird all of the sudden?" "nothing, i just need to go to that meeting"he didn't want to mention jimin again. not now."kiss me" jungkook pouted cutely.yoongi melted at that. with jungkook's mood swings lately it was rare to get affection out of him.he quickly planted a kiss on the boy's lips."i'll take yoongi with me""are you sure? what if things get heated up?"jungkook hopped off the counter, "i'll kill anyone who even dares to touch my son in any way, don't worry" - "want me to make you some coffee?" jungkook and hoseok were standing awkwardly in front of each other in hoseok's hallway. jungkook nodded, adjusting baby yoongi in his arms. "be right back, you can sit on the couch, you two get comfortable" and then hoseok was gone.oh, he was going to get comfortable alright. jungkook decided to look through the house, to see any signs of jimin.first he entered the studio, nothing.office room, nothing.bathroom, one toothbrush, one towel, one brush. nothing.bedroom, neatly organized, one pillow, one pair of shoes. nothing.no signs of anyone else living in this house.he gasped loudly when he turned around to see hoseok standing in front of him, holding baby yoongi tightly."what are you looking for?" hoseok handed him the coffee mug."nothing" jungkook took it with both hands."now i need an explanation as to why you were snooping around my house"jungkook's heart was beating fast. "nothing, i was just checking out the place. i'm sorry""you're lying""i-", "okay, how about i tell you my story and after than you'll tell me yours? how does that sound?"jungkook took a deep breath, "okay" - yoongi closed the door behind him with the rod he remembered so well and went down the stairs.he dropped the bags of food he brought on the floor and started unpacking what's inside them."you brought me food" yoongi turned around to the sound of the voice."what do you prefer? to die from starvation?"the person giggled and got closer to yoongi, hugging him from behind, "my hero"



Chapter End Notes
>:3


Only Fools Fall for You.



"don't fucking push it, jimin" yoongi pushed the younger's away from him and turned around completely to face him."sorry, just like messing with you" jimin smirked."you know damn well that the only reason i'm helping you is because of our deal""it's funny how you keep everyone's promises except for jungkook's. didn't you promise not to lie to him anymore?"yoongi inhaled loudly and licked his lips, reminding himself that he's a child of god and shouldn't punch people in their stupid faces. "look, the police came to my house, they asked about you and my hiding place. jungkook managed to distract them for a while but they will be back and they will search here, you need to fuck off""i will, don't worry""i'm not kidding, jimin. i'm not going to let you fuck up my relationship with jungkook the second time""i'll be gone as if i wasn't even here""i wish you weren't" yoongi gritted through his teeth.jimin's face fell, "is he still...?"yoongi clicked his tongue, "he calmed down a little bit, but every time you are mentioned we get into a fight""he's stupid"yoongi widened his eyes and looked at the blonde standing next to him.god will forgive him for punching him in the face, right?"he's stupid that he's so threatened by what happened between us. he's stupid that he doesn't realize how much you love him and would do anything for him. you basically dedicated your life to him""it doesn't matter, i cheated on him. shit like that ruins your self esteem, your trust. you should know that, right?"jimin squinted his eyes, "what are you talking about?""you cheated on hoseok, didn't you?"jimin took a deep breath, frowning. "how do you know that?""jungkook got back to dancing, he and hoseok got closer, friends talk to each other about personal stuff"jimin's eyes started to sparkle, "he did? he got back to dancing? oh my god, that's so great. i'm so happy for him" he looked genuinely happy, and yoongi softened."he wants to become a teacher" yoongi smiled a proud smile."that's perfect for him, he'd be amazing"yoongi cleared his throat, realizing who he was giving information to, "anyway, jungkook suspects hoseok now so you don't have anything to worry about"jimin scowled, "hoseok doesn't know anything, he's innocent" "i know, but jungkook thinks you and him are plotting something""don't drag hoseok into this, he's a great person, get jungkook to stop thinking that. i ran away from the police and that's it, no one else should be involved in my own mess""i want you gone by tomorrow, jimin"jimin nodded.before yoongi walked off, jimin stopped him, grabbing his arm. "just do me this one favor""what more do you want from me?""again, don't drag hoseok into this. i don't want him to know the things i did, and even if jungkook tells him - i don't want jungkook to think that hoseok has anything to do with it. he doesn't deserve more shit from me, okay?""why did you hurt him if you love him so much?""shouldn't you be asking yourself the same question, mr min?"at that, yoongi was gone.  - hoseok and jungkook were sitting on hoseok's couch side by side, with baby yoongi on jungkook's lap.hoseok sighed, "i used to give jimin private lessons since he was sixteen, and we got closer. he came from a broken home, he and and his older sister were living in a shitty house care, and he had his own struggles with his health and- and i just felt like i should help him.and you know how charming jimin can be, with his angel like beauty and bubbly personality," jungkook dragged his tongue over his front teeth in annoyance, jumping his leg, wondering if that's how yoongi fell for jimin's charms as well, "it just... happened. but i promise we never did anything sexual until he turned eighteen""we were dating for more than ten years, can you imagine being with a person for this long?" hoseok chuckled sadly.jungkook kept his mouth shut. he himself was in a ten year relationship, if he were to erase the seven years they were apart ever since they started their relationship.and their relationship aside, he's been with yoongi for almost twenty eight years. "but jimin had a lot of secrets, and he kept a lot to himself. and i could deal with anything- anything. just not secrets or lies."unlike jungkook.he dealt with everything."i knew our break up was overdue, but when he told me he cheated on me i knew it was over for good"they sat there quietly for a while."and that's my story. what about yours?" suddenly they could hear a beating sound, something similar to slapping.jungkook looked down and saw yoongi hitting himself, the toddler started crying and screaming."hey, hey" jungkook got up, heart thumping in his ears, hands shaking, "what's wrong, baby?" he bounced yoongi a little bit on his arms, trying to calm him down.yoongi just kept screaming, crying and hitting himself.he just didn't know what to do.he felt so helpless. worthless."let me" hoseok spread his arms, and jungkook handed yoongi to him without thinking twice.hoseok took the panicked baby in his arms and cooed at him, snapping his fingers to make the toddler look at him.though unfocused, yoongi did look at hoseok, still crying loudly."i have something for you"hoseok picked up a gooey looking toy and gave it to yoongi.yoongi stopped hitting himself, still crying though quietly, he took the toy from hoseok's hands, looking fascinated. after a few seconds the crying had stopped and hoseok kept bouncing yoongi on his arms. "jimin used to play with it sometimes" hoseok looked at jungkook.he knew.he was waiting for jungkook to admit the real reason behind that tantrum.but jungkook couldn't.couldn't think about anything else other than him failing at being a good father to yoongi.jungkook quickly grabbed yoongi away from hoseok, "i need to go""jung-" jungkook ran with tears in his eyes. - yoongi and jungkook were lying on their bed under the covers, facing one another."yoongi had one of his episodes today at hoseok's""and? how did it go?""hoseok calmed him down. i froze as usual"yoongi sighed and brushed jungkook's hair behind his ear, "baby, it's okay. you'll learn how to deal with it""i just get so scared, i feel like i'm paralyzed. and after seeing how easy it is to calm him down i feel like such a failure"yoongi hugged the younger, "baby, look. i have experience in raising kids, and hoseok probably has experience in dealing with this kind of stuff since his ex had something similar. you don't have any experience in either so of course it'd be harder for you, stop being so hard on yourself. it's not like you're not doing anything to help yourself and yoongi, you're trying your hardest. and it's okay not to be perfect, as long as you try your best""i just feel like i'm not making any progress with him"yoongi looked at jungkook's sad eyes, "you know what? let's take a week off to ourselves. tell hoseok that you're sick, and we'll try to work on things on our own. we'll dedicate this week to our little family. we'll help each other and learn together how to help yoongi. together, okay?"jungkook smiled, eyes lightening up. "i'd like that"yoongi kissed jungkook's lips and caressed his cheek."you were weird this morning" jungkook pointed out.yoongi cleared his throat, "you called me your hero"jungkook raised an eyebrow, "and?""it used to... it was a nickname jimin gave me"jungkook clicked his tongue and escaped yoongi's embrace, "him again. can that person be out of lives?"yoongi took a deep breath and hugged jungkook again, "he is. he's out of our lives. for good, i promise."jungkook didn't get the meaning behind yoongi's words. he looked at the older, "i don't think hoseok has anything to do with his disappearance" "kookie, it's over. everything is over now. no one is plotting anything, no one is going to harm us again. i can't believe that it's real either but- but we're here. together. happy. this is all about us now, okay?"and jungkook believed yoongi.again."okay" he whispered and grabbed yoongi's face, dragging him for a passionate kiss.yoongi licked his way into jungkook's mouth and rolled over the younger, jungkook quickly spread his legs to make room for yoongi's body between his thighs and wrapped his hands around his neck.yoongi showed jungkook his love for him all night long.only him.only his jungkook.



Never Fall.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook bit his bottom lip and fisted the sheets under him with one hand, the other one wrapped around yoongi's neck behind him.yoongi had jungkook on his side, hand placed on the boy's waist while he was thrusting his hips slowly, sliding in and almost-out the younger.jungkook mewled quietly, trying to keep his voice down not to wake baby yoongi up.yoongi trailed wet, noisy kisses up the boy's neck, biting lightly at his jawline, burying himself inside the younger.jungkook turned his head and let their lips meet hungrily, letting yoongi swallow all of his noises.the drag of yoongi's cock against his sensitive walls made jungkook dizzy, yoongi was filling him up just right. like they were meant to be connected forever.yoongi's hand traveled down to grasp jungkook's pleading member, lazily tugging at the skin.their lips parted and they were looking at each other, both set of eyes filled with lust. it was early. so early that the only light outside was from the sun peaking its way to announce the morning's arrival. jungkook grew impatient and moved his hips backwards, wanting yoongi to fuck him deeper. faster.but yoongi was having none of it, keeping his pace slow.jungkook whined, not trusting his voice, while yoongi tightened his grip on his waist, preventing him from thrusting back.yoongi quickened the flick of his hand on jungkook's cock and kept dragging his own cock through jungkook's walls.he leaned down to kiss jungkook's shoulder, biting it a little bit harshly and then licking the area to sooth the pain."oh god..." jungkook panted, letting yoongi use his body as he wants."gonna cum already, baby boy?" yoongi whispered in his ear, and even though jungkook couldn't see him, he could feel his smirk.jungkook nodded in desperation, the stimulation from yoongi's cock inside of him, hand on his member and raspy morning voice in his ear was too much for the younger to handle."come on, angel, come on" yoongi moved his hips slightly faster, not extremely fast but fast enough for jungkook to close his eyes and cry out in pleasure.yoongi felt jungkook's dick twitch in his hand and then jungkook was shuddering in his arms, yoongi stayed still inside of jungkook and held the boy through his orgasm, kissing his sweaty neck while the boy moaned loudly, splattering his fluids all over the bedding under their bodies.jungkook was breathing hard when yoongi grabbed his face and turned his head over to kiss him deeply, letting go the younger's sensitive shaft.jungkook returned the kiss, groaning at the feeling of yoongi's tongue caressing his own.their body heat was almost too much, jungkook was sweating like crazy. forehead pressed to forehead, breaths mixing together, "where do you want me to cum, love?"jungkook pushed yoongi a little, yoongi pulled out from jungkook and looked at him in confusion."get on your knees there" jungkook pointed at the edge of the bed.yoongi raised an eyebrow."come on~" yoongi rolled his eyes and did what jungkook asked.jungkook turned around on his stomach completely, spreading his ass cheeks for yoongi to have a full view of his hole.yoongi's mouth watered at that, member leaking. yoongi took his own dick in his hand and started to pump it, ready to shoot.jungkook smirked to himself and turned his head around as much as he physically could and looked up at yoongi, "cum inside me, daddy"yoongi widened his eyes and pressed the tip of his cock hard, preventing himself from cumming."-the fuck did you just say?"jungkook buried his head in the sheets and laughed loudly."this is not funny jungkook i want to cum""what is stopping you, daddy?~""i'm going to jerk off in the bathroom" yoongi clicked his tongue and was about to get up.jungkook, who was still laughing, quickly sat on his knees and turned around, pulling yoongi back. "i'm sorry, i'm sorry. i thought you'd be into that""yeah right, then why are you laughing like crazy?"jungkook burst out in laughter again, wiping tears from his eyes. "i don't know, i'm sorry. it's just weird, considering our relationship. i thought it'd be funny"yoongi blinked, feeling his dick getting softer."look what you did" they both looked down at yoongi's cock. jungkook started to laugh even harder."you're gonna wake yoongi, you hyena""i'm sorry, i'm sorry. how about you shut me up?" jungkook licked his lips and smirked, placing his hands on yoongi's chest.yoongi smirked as well, "yeah?""yeah" jungkook wasn't laughing so hard with yoongi's cock down his throat.yoongi titled his head back as jungkook took him all in.not wanting to miss anything, he leaned his head back again, looking at jungkook who was looking up at him with his big innocent eyes.jungkook's cheeks were flushed red with eyelashes fluttering over them when yoongi lightly rolled his hips to thrust a little bit deeper.jungkook wet the shaft with his saliva and hollowed his cheeks, jungkook placed his fingers around the base and started almost massaging yoongi's cock while swallowing him whole."fuck" yoongi gripped jungkook's hair and and gave a final, deep thrust before spilling inside the younger's mouth.jungkook drank him dry, grimacing."morning cum is the worst""you're the worst" yoongi breathed, wiping the sweat drops from his forehead."lies" jungkook smiled sweetly and kissed yoongi's thigh. yoongi took jungkook's face in both of his hands and kissed him deeply, tasting himself on the boy's tongue.he grimaced as well."okay, you're right"jungkook giggled. - "what do you want to do today?" jungkook asked while making coffee.yoongi had baby yoongi in his lap, he was sitting across the table in the kitchen."how about the three of us will go grocery shopping? the fridge is empty"jungkook turned around with a shocked expression, cheeks turning red.yoongi blinked, "why are you blushing?""we've never done that before... it's so domestic" jungkook smiled a little.yoongi wanted to eat him whole.he found almost anything jungkook did endearing. "why are you so adorable?"jungkook frowned and pouted, "go alone"yoongi chuckled, "okay okay, my sexy manly man. want to go with me?"jungkook rolled his eyes. jungkook was dragging baby yoongi's stroller around the super market, searching for necessities. yoongi was dragging the cart, watching the stuff jungkook's threw into it."what are you doing? who's going to cook all of this? me? i don'-", "bitch i can cook"yoongi raised an eyebrow, "did you just call me a bitch?""yes. don't doubt me"yoongi snorted, "since when do you cook?""i've done a lot of things you don't know about in those seven years we weren't in touch" jungkook winked and walked away."this brat-", "look at him" yoongi rolled himself and the cart towards jungkook and baby yoongi and looked inside the stroller.baby yoongi was looking around with wide eyes and a smile."he's so intrigued by everything" jungkook smiled proudly.yoongi looked at jungkook and smiled, "maybe we should do things like these more often"jungkook looked at yoongi and he never had a stronger urge to kiss him in a public place, happiness filling his heart."min yoongi!" both jungkook and yoongi turned around to the sound of the voice.it was an old lady, yoongi recognized her."ms lee" yoongi greeted her with a fake smile.jungkook turned around to look at the scene."i haven't seen you in so long... how are you?""i'm fine, ms lee. how about you?""i'm fine too, is that little namjoonie?" she looked over yoongi's shoulder."that's jungkook" the lady gasped dramatically and went to hug the younger, jungkook looked at yoongi, asking what is going on with his eyes."old neighbor" yoongi whispered."you grew up so much!!!" she screamed, pinching jungkook's cheeks, "i remember when you were just a baby... you look so much like sunjung"both yoongi and jungkook felt like their hearts stopped in unison."she was such a beautiful woman, your mother..." she turned around with a sad expression on her face, looking at yoongi. "you used to be such a lovely couple, so loving, anyone could see the love you had for her..." she turned around to look at jungkook, "your father has never and will never love anyone as much as he loves your dear mother, always remember that" jungkook cleared his throat and scratched the back of his neck, "yeah... well, i'm going" he threw a meaningful look at yoongi and turned around."jungkook." yoongi called sternly but jungkook didn't turn around."fuck" he cursed under his breath, they were doing so good..."who is that in the stroller?""jungkook's son," yoongi was still looking at jungkook walking away, "look mr lee, it was nice seeing you but i really have to go"yoongi ran to jungkook and grabbed the boy's arms, "jungkook, what the fuck?"jungkook pushed yoongi's hand off of him, "we're not going to talk about this right now."  it was quiet when they got into the elevator with bags filled with food in their hands and baby yoongi's stroller."are we going to talk about what happened there or?-" jungkook was about to open his mouth, but when the elevator doors opened they saw the male officer and female officer who were interrogating yoongi two night ago standing at their door.



Chapter End Notes
two chapters in a day cause i want to spoil you guys ;3


Keep Talking.



yoongi's could feel his heart thumping in his ears, he knew what the officers were doing at their door.he knew what they wanted."we were waiting for you" the male officer said, studying the two man standing in front of him.jungkook shot a quick glance at yoongi and then at the officers in front of him.the female officer, jieun if he's not mistaken, smiled at him. jungkook fake smiled back.yoongi kept quiet."how about you show us your past hiding place, mr min?"yoongi intertwined his fingers behind his back, hiding the fact that his hands were shaking."what are you looking for, exactly?" jungkook asked, tone daring."a certain mr park jimin, or a certain ms kim yoonah, also known as your wife""i thought we already told you that we don't know anything"the male officer kept his eyes on yoongi, "shall we go?"he remembers that officer. it all came back to him.the day he turned himself in, the officer he told everything to. every little detail of his and jungkook's relationship, every little detail of what happened that day.the officer thinks yoongi is a monster, yoongi is not going to be let go of this quietly.he'll go down either way."o-okay. okay."jungkook looked at yoongi in shock, "what? you're not hiding anything, you haven't been there since it all blew up. namjoon hyung was there but he's in jail now"yoongi closed his eyes, "jungkook, wait for me at home"he wasn't going to come back.they're going to find jimin there and yoongi will enter jail, again.jungkook frowned, "fuck no, i'm going with you"yoongi looked at him, "no, you're not"he couldn't bear seeing jungkook's betrayed face, sad face, disappointed face.he couldn't let jungkook see them take him and jimin to jail.he couldn't do this to him."yes i am, let's go""you have yoongi with you-", "are you two done? i'm demanding both of you to come with me. three of you, if we add the baby" yoongi took a shaky breath and looked at jungkook.the love of his life. -  they arrived at yoongi's old basement after a long drive, the officers looked around.jungkook was about to take baby yoongi out of the folded stroller but yoongi stopped him, "the building next to us is a brothel, there are a lot of young, broke people there. you have unpacked groceries there, you should go in with the stroller"jungkook blinked, "how? how do we go down the stairs with the stroller?""come on, hongjoon oppa, mr min and i will hold the stroller, you will hold the baby" jieun suggested.and they did just that. the officers took their phones out and started to take pictures of the place, started to snoop and look around."come with me, mr min" the male officer, hongjoon, demanded and they both went to search other parts of the small apartment with yoongi behind them, arms crossed. he didn't see any sign of jimin.jungkook was waiting at the small living slash kitchen and looked around, biting his lower lip.he turned around to the kitchen when something caught his eyes, the fridge was half open.he frowned and got closer, opening the fridge completely. he saw bunch of fresh bought meat, vegetables, fruits. untouched. still inside the bags.jungkook froze. he looked at the fridge for a long time before releasing a breath he didn't even know he was holding."fucking liar" he muttered angrily and quickly picked up the bags, putting them under yoongi's stroller so it would look it was his groceries.not jimin's.not fucking jimin's.he quickly closed the fridge after checking if it's completely empty and turned around just in time, the three came back."can you please move?" the tall man pushed jungkook from the fridge before even finishing his question, and opened it, looking inside.he closed it and checked the rest of the kitchen with jieun behind him.yoongi blinked, how did jimin take all of the groceries he bought for him?and then he looked at jungkook, who was looking back at him.his eyes said everything.hurt eyes.sad eyes.disappointed eyes.betrayed eyes."you lied to me. again." jungkook mouthed."i'm so sorry" yoongi mouthed back."okay, no signs of anyone else living here..." jieun said, turning to look at her co worker."no" he agreed and turned around to look at both yoongi and jungkook."did you get enough pictures of this place? send the location to the chief""will do... you two are free for now" - jungkook and yoongi finally arrived home.yoongi closed the door behind him, watching jungkook as the latter put baby yoongi on the floor.jungkook hugged himself, still with his back facing yoongi."jungkoo-", "just- just please tell me you two didn't fuck again"yoongi got closer to jungkook, "i swear baby i swear on my life, nothing happened. nothing. we made a deal, he would tell me namjoon's plan and i would help him hide when the cops will come look for him. that's it. that's all. you've got to believe me, jungkook"jungkook turned around, "why didn't you tell me? why did you make me suspect hoseok hyung?""i- i didn't want to hurt you. i didn't want you to make false assumptions. i'm sorry. you don't know how sorry i am""would you have ever told me if not-?", yoongi swallowed, "-no, probably not."jungkook nodded, "i see""before, i was a dirty alcoholic, so angry that you kicked me out of your life, so mad at the world. now, i am so happy with you. i'm so happy we can be together like this, you are everything to me. you give me everything i need and more, i would never want anything else other than to be with you""did he try anything?""no, not really"jungkook raised an eyebrow."he tried to be touchy and make jokes but i swear i was cold towards him. i didn't want to help him, i didn't want him to screw with our relationship again"jungkook clicked his tongue, "i believe you about not fucking him but- but it's not even about that anymore. you just keep lying to me, i keep trusting you and you keep breaking my trust. it's like you're fucking sick or something, you can never keep your word. not to me, anyway""i know. i fucking hate myself for that. i hate myself for lying to you, i hate myself for fucking up all the time. i fucking-""do you have more secrets i should know about?"yoongi shook his head, "nothing. i tell you everything"jungkook snorted, "not everything, it seems""you know everything, everything is on the table. i have no secrets left""i don't know if i should believe you or not"yoongi sighed."but i do."yoongi widened his eyes.jungkook chuckled, "i don't even know why i believe you, i'm probably the dumbest person on earth""no, i am. 'cause i keep hurting you."jungkook took a deep breath."did you lie to mom, too?"yoongi squinted his eyes, "what?""i asked, did you lie to mom, too?""about what?""anything."yoongi thought about it, "maybe? i don't reme-" oh. he remembers. "yes, yes i did.""is this something you do to people you love?""i avoid hurting people i love directly, so i hide things that could hurt them. but it always ends up hurting them more, it's like i never learn""did she forgive you for your lies?"yoongi's lies are what made her kill herself in the first place."no.""then she didn't love you like i do"yoongi scowled, "that's what this is about? you are jealous of what i had with her? are you out of your mind?"jungkook shrugged, "i don't remember her at all. for me, she's your ex. someone you used to love who wasn't me"yoongi couldn't believe what he was hearing.jungkook was going insane."what you're saying is fucked up, jungkook""what is going on between is fucked up, what feelings do you want me to have for her? all i know is you in my life, not her, and ever since i could remember myself i was in love with you. she was just a woman who gave birth to me"yoongi was in complete and utter shock. he never thought he would ever have this conversation with jungkook.it did make sense after all, but it didn't make it less scandalous. "jungkook, if it wasn't for her- never mind. forget it""say it!" jungkook raised his voice, "say it! say that if it wasn't for her you would have never fallen in love with me""if it wasn't for her you would have never even been born, jungkook. what the hell is wrong you?""you! you are what's wrong with me!"  yoongi inhaled loudly."jungkook, this has to stop."jungkook went to the kitchen, opening up the window and pulling a cigarette for the pack he had in his jeans.yoongi went after him."what has to stop?" he asked while lightening up the cancer stick, looking at the older."this. us fighting. you with your mood swings.""mood swings? you literally lied to me about the man you cheated on me with""you know damn well what i'm talking about.i'm tired of being scared of every thing i do or say because of your irrational reactions,i'm tired of you loving me, and a second after yelling at me.i'm trying my hardest for us to work and i know, i know i lied. but i'm trying jungkook, i'm a shitty ass person who's trying to be better. for you. for yoongi.and it's like you're not trying for me at all""what is trying, for you?""fucking take your medicine.""do you think you're in any state to give me an ultimatum?" jungkook spat."do you want us to work?"silence.jungkook looked at yoongi.he was mad at yoongi. so so mad at yoongi.only thinking about the bad stuff yoongi had some to him.but when he thinks of the good stuff,and the things yoongi makes him feel. jungkook looked at yoongi.the only person in the world who he knew how to love. he hated him,he hated yoongi.but he loved him,he was all he ever known. "yes,i want us to work""then take them." jungkook took a deep breath and gulped, looking at the bottle of pills standing on the counter, untouched for a long, long time.he threw the cigarette butt of the window and opened the can, "it won't work from the first pill, you know, it takes time""i know," yoongi's tone softened, "i know baby but at least i know you're making an effort. we're both making an effort.it'll take time, for both of us. but we will figure it out eventually, we'll figure out how to live together. happy."jungkook licked his lips and opened his mouth, popping one pill onto his tongue and closing his mouth.yoongi smiled, heart still racing but mind calm. "i'm so pro-" suddenly they could hear baby yoongi starting to cry."i'll go get him" yoongi sighed and walked off the kitchen.  jungkook spat the pill from his mouth to the palm of his hand and threw it quickly off the window.jungkook can lie, too. 



Burn the Love.



"he's fine, he just wanted attention," yoongi said as he walked into the kitchen, handing the toddler to jungkook, "hold him, i'm going to unpack the groceries"jungkook took baby yoongi to his arms, watching yoongi rolling the stroller to the kitchen as he started to unpack the bags.it was quiet, the atmosphere was still tense. both parties still a little shaken from their heated up argument prior.yoongi opened one of the bags and froze when he saw what was inside. they didn't buy it today.it wasn't theirs.it was-yoongi opened more bags quickly, looking what's inside.he picked up his head to look at jungkook with a shocked expression."baby..."jungkook shrugged, "what did you think? that i wouldn't save your ass?""how did you...?""when the cops were searching the rest of the place with you i noticed that the fridge was half open, i opened it and saw the bags inside. i knew who were those for 'cause i know jimin's diet menu, believe me. i quickly put them under yoongi's stroller so they would think it was ours since we already had grocery bags under it. how else do you think i figured out it was jimin all along?""i thought he left something of his, or a note, i don't know i... kookie, you saved my life""don't make me regret it" - jungkook was making creamy shrimp pasta while baby yoongi was in his highchair, playing with his favorite ball.jungkook flinched when he felt hands circling his waist, he relaxed and smiled when he felt yoongi's body pressed to his."it smells delicious, you look so hot" yoongi whispered against the younger's neck, biting it lightly and licking the spot afterwards, pressing his crotch against jungkook's ass.jungkook started to moan but then he quickly cleared his throat and pushed yoongi back with his butt, "don't interrupt me while i'm cooking, you pervert""i really want to fuck you like this""yoongi is literally here""he won't tell""you're disgusting""he won't remember""when he goes to therapy and they'll ask him what his first memory is, he's going to say his first memory was his parents fucking in front of him in the kitchen""parents" jungkook looked at him and bit his lip, "parents"they smiled at each other fondly before baby yoongi let out a giggle. yoongi laughed and jumped to sit on the counter, looking at jungkook."when did you start to cook?"jungkook licked his fingers, "if you were to listen to my speech after i talked about that day you would know," jungkook pulled out his tongue playfully, "after i was released from the hospital, namjoon put me in some daycare therapy house for abused teens for a couple of weeks to help me with my traumatized mind" yoongi's heart clenched at that, "our therapist helped us to focus on other stuff too, so cooking was how i distracted myself""why not dancing?"jungkook took a deep breath, "i couldn't do anything that reminded me of you. and when i wanted to dance, my mind was telling me not to do that since you didn't allow me to. i'd get panic attacks and even when the therapist said that you're not in my life anymore, that you're never going to hurt me again - i still couldn't do it. i couldn't be calm, i couldn't be myself while doing that""what more happened in those seven years?"yoongi wanted- no, needed. yoongi needed to know everything.yoongi had to remind himself how much he hurt jungkook in the past.yoongi had to get jungkook let out everything."started to do heroin there, got addicted. started to become a monster basically. i'd fuck any woman in sight since i couldn't even imagine being in an intimate position with a man because like i said, everything that reminded me of you gave me nightmares. tried to kill myself a couple of times with no success because the pills they used to give me to forget about my past didn't fucking help. only heroin.fucked every woman without a condom, without any care in the world. i fucked so many women i lost count after sixty"yoongi blinked."i started working and then i fucked yoonah and she got pregnant. and you know the rest of the story from here" "did you- did you fuck all of them without a condom?"yoongi knew it was the most dumb ass question he could've asked after hearing jungkook's story.but he was ashamed.so ashamed.so pained for his son.so pained for his messed up son.the mess he made of jungkook.jungkook snorted and mixed the pasta on the frying pan with a wooden spoon, "i got checked after yoonah, i don't know how but i'm clean""did you use a condom with that therapist dude?"jungkook froze."n-no, not that i remember" he gulped.yoongi cleared his throat."did you use a condom with...?" yoongi inhaled loudly, "no"jungkook bit the inside of cheek, "we should really get checked. i don't know jaehyun that well and jimin is a slut"yoongi snorted."okay, we will go get checked.""did you fuck a lot of people in those seven years?"yoongi raised an eyebrow, "jungkook i was in jail, therapy and rehab. when did i have the time?""after that""no, i didn't think about sex at the time"jungkook widened his eyes, "you didn't have sex in seven years?!"yoongi looked at him, "i was too busy mourning about my life choices. too busy repenting for abusing and raping my youngest child and losing two of my kids""that's not it, you were just ugly and old and no one wanted you, that's the reason"jungkook laughing at the whole thing was his way of not facing reality.yoongi knew that."exactly" yoongi smirked.jungkook smirked back and then it all came down to him."you only ever slept with three people""yup. i met your mother when we were like fifteen or sixteen, she got pregnant a few months after and then we got married when we turned eighteen. i slept with you and then... you know." "damn dad, you should go experience a little""sorry, i'm too old to sleep with more than sixty different women now so i'll have to settle on sex with you for the rest of my life"jungkook blushed at that, looking at the food he's making. "maybe we should make a threesome"yoongi raised an eyebrow, "with your jealous ass?""excuse me""besides, who would want to have sex with a father and a son? no one is that fucked up"jungkook giggled, "you're right"suddenly there was a knock on the door."go open the door and tell whoever that is that they're interrupting 'cause the food is almost ready"yoongi hopped off the counter and smacked jungkook's ass before he walked towards the door, earning a dramatic gasp from the younger.with a big smile on his face, yoongi opened the door.his smile dropped.



He Tasted Like Home.



"hoseok"hoseok stood at the door with a dumbfounded look on his face, a pot in his hands. "hello, mr min" hoseok bowed a little, blinking.yoongi bowed back, "what is that?""jungkook told me he was sick so i brought him some soup i made"yoongi studied the man in front of him with a piercing gaze."dad what's going on-" jungkook froze behind yoongi, face surprised, "hyung"hoseok handed the pot towards the yoongi and jungkook, "i hope you feel better, jungkook"jungkook lightly pushed yoongi from the door and took the pot from hoseok's hands, "thank you so much, you didn't have to"hoseok smiled sweetly, "i want you to be strong and healthy for our classes" jungkook smiled back, "thank you. i'll come back by monday"hoseok nodded and stole a glance towards yoongi, he gulped when he was introduced by a sharp set of eyes.he cleared his throat, "well, i'm going to go"jungkook hummed innocently, "thank you so much, hoseok hyung" "feel better, kook- jungkook," he quickly corrected himself, he bowed again to yoongi, "goodbye mr min"yoongi nodded and shut the door right at the man's face.jungkook widened his eyes and looked at the man standing next to him."he wants to fuck you"jungkook clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, going to the kitchen to put the pot on the counter carefully."and i'm supposed to be the jealous one in this relationship" jungkook joked."don't tell me you don't think the same, who the fuck brings a damn pot to someone?"jungkook turned around to face yoongi, "he brought me soup because i told him i was sick, dad. not everyone who's nice to me wants to fuck me""you're too innocent for your own good""you're too perverted for your own good, stop always thinking about sex. there are genuine, nice people in the world who do not want to fuck me""bullshit, who wouldn't want to fuck you?" yoongi smirked."jimin, since he wanted to fuck you" jungkook smirked back, yoongi's smirk was gone.jungkook laughed, "let's eat, the food is getting cold"yoongi's heart still felt uneasy. - yoongi moaned dramatically, "that's so good, i can't believe i live with a private chef" he said with a mouth full of food.jungkook giggled and watched yoongi eat his food with heart filled with pride. "let's go to the warm lake near our house, let's teach yoongi how to swim""he can barely even walk on two feet, jungkook...""then we'll help him swim""it'll be hella cold""only when we get out," jungkook smiled, "but i think it'll be fun"how could yoongi ever say no to jungkook...?yoongi sighed, "okay, whatever you want baby"jungkook smirked in victory. when they heard a knock on the door they both groaned."we have to move out." yoongi got up from the chair and went to the door and opened it a little bit angrily."hi, yoongs...""hyung" yoongi frowned, looking at seokjin standing in front of him."i- i just wanted to tell you that i'm going back to china" yoongi blinked dumbly."o...okay." his heart felt empty.even though he and seokjin had a shaky brotherly relationship as of now, yoongi knew seokjin always had, has and will have his back. "i know that we're not on the best terms right now. but i do love you, i do care for you. i hope everything turns out the best for you and you can call me anytime and i-" his words were cut off by yoongi's embracing him. seokjin huffed and laughed a little, patting yoongi's back."be safe" "you too"when they parted, seokjin noticed jungkook standing behind yoongi with big doe eyes.seokjin smiled a little, "you deserve the best, jungkookie. i hope you find happiness in your life, i'm sorry for everything"jungkook nodded and hugged himself, not trusting his voice.seokjin cleared his throat, "the cab is waiting for me downstairs, i left my car at your parking lot, use it, sell it... i don't care. i love you two, have a great life... together" it was hard for him to say but it made yoongi smile and it was worth it."thank you" yoongi whispered.and with one glance at jungkook, seokjin was gone.yoongi closed the door, closed his eyes and let out a deep breath he didn't even know he was holding.yoongi bit his lower lip and looked down."so, lake?"jungkook looked up at yoongi, taken aback.yoongi looked at him with half a smile, sad smile.jungkook nodded.  - "the water is warm, you have to join me~" yoongi sat on the big towel that they placed on the grass in front of the lake and watched jungkook enjoying himself in the warm water.yoongi had baby yoongi on his lap, "i prefer the view here" yoongi smirked as he watched jungkook rise from the water, having his boxers being too tight on his ass from the water. jungkook wiggled his ass and yoongi laughed, covering the toddler's eyes.jungkook got out of the water and quickly ran towards the two, yoongi quickly placed baby yoongi on the side before jungkook could jump down on yoongi.yoongi groaned and huffed loudly, falling on his back with a thump from jungkook's weight.jungkook laughed and hugged him, wetting yoongi's clothes."you're the worst""lies" jungkook peppered yoongi's face with kisses all over and yoongi melted at that, grabbing the boy's waist."i'll put yoongi's swim diaper and will join you in a second" yoongi placed a kiss on the younger's lips."okay" jungkook smiled sweetly and got up.jungkook was almost thirty, but yoongi couldn't help but think that sometimes he acted like the kid he still is, in his mindset. which was endearing.and also concerning, considering the boy's mental healthbut the medicine is going to help that.right?jungkook quickly ran back to the water, jumping head first.yoongi chuckled and turned his head to baby yoongi's way, only to be greeted by nothing.yoongi's heart stopped.where the fuck is baby yoongi?



Tell Me That You Love Me Again.



yoongi was only this scared when he lost namjoon at the age of six when they were at the park.he didn't know whether his heart was beating so fast he could almost not feel it anymore, or his heart just stopped.he looked around him quickly, and stiffened when he noticed a figure running.yoongi got up in a flash and start chasing after that figure, his lungs were burning but he couldn't care less.he grasped a handful of the person's hair and pulled their head back."let me go!!!""you fucking bitch" yoongi kept pulling the person by the hair, pushing them against a tree that was near them."he's my son!" yoonah called and held the bawling baby even tighter.yoongi gripped her neck, making her groan. he pressed her even harder to the tree, so hard she could barely breath."dad..." he could hear jungkook's voice behind him.yoongi turned his head, "take yoongi from her""let her go-", "i said, take the fucking baby away from her. i'm not going to repeat myself." his tone was filled with venom, it gave the younger chills.jungkook was taken aback. yoongi hasn't talked to him that way in more than eight years.but he obliged, quickly taking baby yoongi from her hands.yoonah tried to refuse, but the lack of oxygen from both yoongi's hand on her throat and her back pressed against the tree both made her feel weak."give me one good reason i shouldn't fucking strangle you to death. trying to kidnap a baby? are you out of your fucking mind?" yoongi hissed in her face."my baby" she choked out, struggling to breath, face turning blue."dad, please""why are you defending her?!""i'm not! i just don't want you to kill her and get yourself in jail for life. i'm calling the police, they'll take care of her. let her go!" jungkook pushed yoongi's hand from yoonah.yoonah wheezed and coughed, massaging her own neck."i'm yoongi's mother. you're not even his real dad," she looked at jungkook, "i'll win this"jungkook frowned, body shaking, "i already signed everything, i'm his guardian parent. you were in murder plot for years, you work as a whore, you helped your father who was a head mafia, your son is a child of incest for god's sake! whose side are they going to take?" "you're in an incest relationship as well" she squinted her eyes."who's going to fucking believe you?"she took a deep breath, "jungkook, don't let him win"jungkook scowled."i- i was the same. i was so blinded and manipulated by my own father... i was so corrupted with something that was imprinted to me in my mind since i was a child, that i believe that what i felt was legitimate love. but it wasn't. it was... obsession, dependency, comfort, not knowing between wrong or right because there was no one to teach me otherwise. the only person who could do that was the same person that ruined me. ruined my way of thinking, my dreams, my sanity...i understand you more than anyone else, kook, you know that.i was prevented from having a normative life because of his deviant needs, and so were you. you lost everyone you love because of him. you're all alone now because of him.you let him lie to you, use you, and you keep forgiving and forgiving and forgiving because you think you can't exist without him.he made you go through hell and back and you still can't see that he's the real devil. the real demon.alluring you with sweet filled with poison words and late night fucks but...everything you know is a fucking lie. everything he taught you, and everything he turned you into is a lie. a lie to make you stay with him.things like that are illegal for a reason. it's not the same as same sex relationship it's... there are relationships that should not be romantic for a reason.parent is supposed to guide you, protect you, teach you how to live.yours has done none of that. revealing you to live a false life. a tainted, dysfunctional, secretive life.is that what you want for yourself? after everything you've been through, this is what you deserve? i-""jungkook, call the police." jungkook was paralyzed."think about how you love our son, and then think about how your father loves you.""i'm done listening to this bullshit, i'm calling the police myself"jungkook just stared at her, holding baby yoongi tightly in his hands like he was his safety blanket.   jungkook and yoongi were sitting in the waiting room at the police station.yoongi sat with his arms crossed, face sour.jungkook was still out of it, holding baby yoongi on his lap.yoongi turned his head to his right and nudged jungkook's shoulder with his own, "hey, baby. are you okay?"jungkook was shaken back to reality from the trance he was in and looked at yoongi tiredly, humming quietly.suddenly the door was open and they both got up in anticipation."you're both free to go"jungkook was surprised, he opened his mouth to ask something but yoongi squeezed his arms."don't push your luck, let's get out of here" yoongi whispered in his ear, he quickly turned his head and bowed to the officer with a polite smile. - "it's like we can't have a peaceful moment to ourselves" yoongi chuckled and took off his shoes.jungkook went to tuck baby yoongi in his crib, the toddler was already fast asleep.jungkook hugged himself and walked to the living room, taking a deep sigh and leaning against the wall.yoongi raised an eyebrow, "are you sure you're okay, kookie?"jungkook studied yoongi.the man he loves.his heart clenched.the younger nodded, "i think it was too much for me. i'm going to sleep"jungkook walked to their bedroom with yoongi behind him, closing the door."did the shit she say got into your head?" jungkook closed his eyes, "i'm tired"yoongi turned jungkook's body to face him, "talk to me"jungkook gulped, "i don't know. i don't even understand what she said, i didn't get it. it just confused me""it's not the first time, and it won't be the last time someone try to invade our relationship and tell us how wrong it is. we know it and we knew it all along. we've tried everything to stop it but obviously our feelings are stronger than that, and no matter how much time we were apart we ended up seeking for one another and at the end we decided to try this together, despite everything.we've been through so much to get to where we are today, happy. together. just the two of us and little yoongi. without anyone else in our way.we're still learning so much about one another, and we're progressing. all the stuff she said about obsession and dependency? it's the same for me when it comes to you.i can't control my feelings, i love you. you're the one i love and i will do anything to make us work. you are all i have, all i know."yoongi was all jungkook has.yoongi was all jungkook knows. 'sweet filled with poison words.' jungkook hugged yoongi tightly, yoongi let out a breath and hugged the younger back.jungkook buried his head in yoongi's chest, grasping the older's shirt from behind with shaky hands.i don't know how to live without you - he wanted to say.but he couldn't let the words out.  they just stayed like this in complete silence for hours, and hours.



Epiphany.



jungkook threw his leg and arm over yoongi's body and whined."i don't want this to be our last day off together"yoongi chuckled, "get off me, you koala"jungkook buried his head in yoongi's neck and let out a muffled laugh, "never"yoongi hugged the clingy boy next to him and sighed, "i can't believe it's already been a week""let's stay in for another week"yoongi smiled and searched the younger's lips, jungkook picked up his head and perked his lips for yoongi to plant a kiss."you know we can't, you need to go to work and i need to go the aa""how long is the meeting? you always said it was an hour and a half but now i know it was because you went to jimin's""it's an hour. i used to tell you it was an hour and a half because it'd be half and hour til i get to my old hiding place, get jimin some food or clothes and get the fuck out"jungkook squinted his eyes."be glad i don't work either or else we would've never seen one another unless it's on the weekends""and who would watch yoongi then? though i do wish you'd have a job"yoongi snorted, "who would hire a child molester and an alcoholic that's been to jail and rehab?"jungkook frowned, "past child molester and past alcoholic. you've been to therapy""did it help anything? i'm still in love with you""i'm not a child anymore""i didn't want you because you were a child, jungkook"jungkook didn't feel like having this conversation right now."don't you have any prison friends who could help you find something-", "prison friends?"jungkook shrugged, "i don't know, i've always read and saw in movies that people meet friends in jail. i just assumed..."yoongi wrapped his hand around jungkook's shoulder and pressed him closer to him, "baby, do you even know what they do to guys like me in jail?"jungkook blinked, too scared to ask. but he knew yoongi would tell him anyway."when the officer dragged me in and announced everyone why i was in for, the people there cheered like i was a fucking fancy dinner.and they didn't cheer because they were proud of what i did, oh no.they cheered because they found someone to torture. i would wake up with cusses, insults, trash thrown at me and would go to sleep the same way.would get beaten up and isolated every single day, they would choke me and grab me by my hair and push my head down the toilet... i can't even count the times i was beaten up so hard i would faint.and it wasn't only the prisoners, the cops themselves joined in as well.because that's what they do to child molesters in jail. i was surprised they didn't rape me, can't lie and say they didn't try though. they did plenty of other humiliating stuff.and i deserved every single thing they did to me."jungkook held yoongi tighter.in one hand, it hurt him to know that the man he loves so much went through something like that.on the other hand, he didn't forget what yoongi has done for it to happen to him."they asked you to tastify, right?"jungkook a deep breath, they never talked about this either."yes. it was namjoon's idea, i didn't want to do it," yoongi raised an eyebrow, "not because i didn't want you in jail, but because i knew they would ask every single detail about our relationship and what happened that day and i couldn't- i couldn't relieve that day at that time"jungkook bit his bottom lip."i would get panic attacks and run from the room to lock myself in the bathroom and cry. the female officers tried to help me but i couldn't calm down.they asked me to take off my clothes to show the damage you've caused and they both started to cry, it made me panic again. it was terrible, god. i was so scared, so scared that you'd get out of jail and come take some revenge on me or something.you were in every nightmare i had""jungkook, i have to ask you something""mm?""what... what made you forgive me? what made you-", "i think it was everything altogether. seeing you after so many years and remembering the feelings i had towards you. seeing how much effort you put to our father and son relationship, as shaky as it was. and i think you helping me my heroin addiction was the breaking point which made me believe that you've really changed, and my feelings were still there even after everything so i believed that we could... be together, again. like a normal couple""do you still feel resentment towards me?""my feelings for you were always complicated. but my love for you is clear""love is a feeling""i don't think so. you can control feelings. you can stop sadness, you can stop happiness, you can stop anger, you can stop excitement but you can't really stop love. it's always there.i can feel angry at you but still love you.i can feel disappointed from you but still love you.i can feel hatred towards you but still love you""so hate is a feeling but love isn't? you can stop hate, but you can't stop love?""i stopped hating you but i never stopped loving you" - "are you going to cook something today?" jungkook and yoongi were playing with baby yoongi on the floor of their living room."don't get used to it, i'm not going to cook everyday" jungkook smirked.yoongi pouted, "that's not fair, you're sexy when you cook. and your food is devine""maybe i should cook naked next time""i should fuck you while you cook, now that's hot"jungkook rolled his eyes and laughed.yoongi groaned and got up from the floor, "i'm going to make some coffee, you want anything babe?""nope, thank you" yoongi went to the kitchen while jungkook kept playing with baby yoongi on the floor.jungkook noticed yoongi wasn't really responding anymore."yoongi?" jungkook waved his hand in front of the toddler, but the toddler still wasn't responding. only mumbling to himself.jungkook frowned and got up from the floor, he knew it had something to do with yoongi's autism but he didn't really know what to do in this situation yet.preparing to go and tell that to yoongi - the baby started to scream.he was angry."dad..." jungkook looked at the screeching baby, getting chills down his spine.yoongi started to throw his toys around, thumping his legs, hitting himself."dad!" jungkook called, eyes wide.yoongi quickly ran to the living room and saw the scene in front of him.he took a step back and leaned against the wall, crossing his arms.jungkook looked at him in utter shock, "what the fuck are you doing? the kid is hurting himself!"yoongi looked at him and shrugged.jungkook knew what he was trying to do, he wasn't stupid."don't. don't make this a 'do it yourself' challenge dad, this is not a game. i don't know what to do""yes you do."baby yoongi's screams turned louder and it drained jungkook's energy, "i don't! i don't!" he started crying as well.yoongi stayed silent, looking at jungkook."fuck you" jungkook spat and got on his knees, facing his son."hey hey baby, calm down..." jungkook pleaded with eyes full of tears, trying to grab his baby's arms, preventing him from hurting himself.he tried hushing his cries but they just keep getting louder and louder.jungkook looked around and found his ball, he quickly handed it to the baby in front of him."here, here baby... it's you're favorite toy, yoongi. you want to play with it?"it didn't help this time.jungkook threw the ball."help me dad, please!!!" yoongi shook his head."piece of shit..." jungkook cried, holding his son, body shaking."i can't deal with this, i don't know what to do i don't know what to doi don't know what to doi don't kno-"visual.visual.if the kid doesn't react to cooing and toys, he won't react to words.they don't react to words. they don't react to vocals.jungkook tried to memorize every single thing dr kwon told him.they need visual.they react to visuals.they react to signs. jungkook held up his hand. the toddler was about to throw another toy but jungkook held his hand in front of the toy.baby yoongi stopped crying, looking at the hand in front of him.he tried to throw another toy with his other hand and jungkook held his hand in front of it as well.he was about to start screaming again but jungkook placed his hand on top of the boy's mouth.the baby blinked a few times before sitting on the floor and mumbling to himself, playing with his own fingers as if nothing just happened."oh my god"yoongi exhaled sharply, he held his breath for far too long."oh my god, i did it" jungkook looked in disbelief at his calm son."i did it, i did it, i did it!" he cried, and then laughed, and then cried again.he hugged his son tightly. "i'm so proud of you, baby boy, you really did it. by yourself.and sometimes it won't be enough, and you'll have to find another way.and sometimes you'll struggle with other stuff, since this defect is not only episodes, it revolves around other things as well,but now you've proven yourself that you can do it on your own.you don't need anyone else to calm him down for you, you can do it." jungkook didn't hear a word yoongi said.he hugged his precious son, feelings things he's never felt before.pride.happiness.joy.belief. and epiphany. 



Everything That Kills Me, Makes Me Feel Alive.



yoongi huffed and bit back a moan once his slick back was pressed against the cold tiles.he had his legswrapped around jungkook's lower body, hands grabbing the younger's shoulders for dear life.hot water streaming onto their bodies, steam filling the shower glass walls surrounding them.jungkook pressed his forehead to yoongi's, focusing on the older's lips while thrusting upwards into the tight heat, supporting yoongi's weight by holding his ass.they panted into each other's mouths, stealing kisses here and there.when jungkook's eyes reached yoongi's eyes something inside of him changed.he spread yoongi's ass cheeks and bent his knees a little bit to get a better angle, he started thrusting faster.yoongi closed his eyes shut and let out a strangled voice followed by continuous moans, feeling the burn on his back."tighten your legs around me" yoongi could barely decipher what jungkook was saying before squealing once jungkook pinned his hands on the wall, now the only thing that was holding him up the air was his thighs squeezing jungkook's waist.yoongi widened his eyes when he felt the black haired's hold on his wrists getting tighter, chest heaving.jungkook growled and started pistoning into the older's abused hole, almost crashing yoongi's delicate wrists from the force."baby, you're hurt-" jungkook freed one of yoongi's wrists and pressed a hand to his throat, tightening his hold.with his other hand he covered yoongi's mouth.yoongi was out of breath, he arched his back and jungkook could feel him clenching around his cock."shut the fuck up" he rasped, leaning his head against yoongi's cheek, breathing hard in his ear.jungkook kept using yoongi's body as he wanted, his thrust were sharp. almost brutal.he knew he was doing something right when yoongi's face started to turn a shade blue, eyes rolling back.he picked up his head and looked at the mess in front of him.the mess in his mercy.he rolled his hips slowly this time, thrusting out slowly while thrusting back in with force.yoongi could see starts, he felt himself losing his consciousness little by little.it took them both by surprised when yoongi suddenly came. squirting violently while jolting.jungkook smirked and released the hold he head on his neck.yoongi gasped, slowly coming back to reality, he looked at jungkook.jungkook bit his bottom lip and gripped yoongi's waist, nails biting into the milky skin.out of the blue, he pulled his member out of yoongi's body, making the older hiss.he put a hand on top of yoongi's head and pushed him to sink down on his knees on the cold, wet tire floor.yoongi could barely regain his breathing before jungkook shoved his dick into his mouth.yoongi coughed when the tip hit the back of his throat but jungkook didn't seem to be bothered, taking a handful of the man's hair and controlling his motions. jungkook pulled his cock out yoongi's mouth and slapped the older lightly on his cheek with it, yoongi gulped and panted, looking up at the younger.the boy looked down at the older and started stroking his own member, cumming all over his face.yoongi closed his eyes before anything could get into his eyes.jungkook leaned down and licked a stripe of his own liquid up yoongi's cheek, "open your mouth" he whispered.yoongi did just that.jungkook grabbed yoongi's face rudely and spat inside the other's mouth, forcing him to close his mouth afterwards."swallow it" - "what the fuck was that?"jungkook blinked and looked at yoongi, he was just innocently making himself some coffee while yoongi finished showering.yoongi stood in front of him in the kitchen, wearing his robe, arms crossed."what the fuck was what?""you know damn well what i'm talking about, jungkook"jungkook snorted, "i thought you liked it rough"yoongi squinted his eyes, "not when i'm someone's punching bag""i didn't hear you complain""you didn't let me."jungkook crossed his arms as well, "now you know how i felt" yoongi raised an eyebrow, "are you mad at me?"jungkook shook his head in dismiss, "no, forget it. i'm going to work""jungk-", "i said forget it" - it was jungkook's first time standing in front of a crowd as a dancing teacher, he could feel sweat covering his forehead.hoseok was standing at the side, looking at him with a big smile on his face while leaning his shoulder against the mirror wall."just teach them the dance routine we worked on. they're my students, they're experienced, you don't need to teach them how to dance. you can do this, kook" he remembered hoseok saying to him earlier.hoseok introduced jungkook as his co-teacher.and for an hour and a half jungkook learned all of the students' names, taught them the dance routine he and hoseok worked on, joking around.and just having fun,feeling happy.happy doing something he loves. without it having to do with anything about his dark past.without it having to do with anything about yoongi.this was his.this was jungkook's only.it was the first time jungkook did something without it being a result of his the damage he's been caused. "thank you, hoseok""you welcome kid, you did great" - when jungkook came back home he saw yoongi waiting for him with baby yoongi in his arms on the couch."why is he still awake?" jungkook frowned while taking off his shoes and coat."i wanted to wait for you before i'd make him a shower and put him to sleep""i'm tired""baby, what's wrong? why are you mad at me?""i'm going to sleep" jungkook was starting to head to their bedroom."are you taking your medicine?"jungkook chuckled darkly and turned around, "yes." he lied, "maybe that's why i'm acting like this towards to you, maybe that's my real personality. do you not love me anymore?"yoongi scowled, "what are you talking about? of course i still love you-" jungkook couldn't stand hearing any of this."i'm going to sleep" jungkook couldn't sleep.heart uneasy, thousand thoughts running through his head.he could hear water running, probably yoongi showering baby yoongi.jungkook groaned and got out of bed, dragging himself to the kitchen to get himself some sleeping pills.when he walked passed the bedroom, he froze."do you like that baby? does it feel good?"jungkook could literally feel his stomach flipping, heart ringing in his ears.that monster.that fucking monster is doing this again.to his son.to his fucking son.jungkook is not going to let that happen.jungkook is not going to let that happen again.jungkook was not going to let another angel fall to the gates of hell.he quickly slammed the door open."get your fucking hands off of my son, you dirty fucker"



Wasted Hearts.



jungkook was sitting on his bed, body shaking.he felt like a complete idiot.after what he saw in the bathroom, yoongi innocently washing his son... he felt like the worst human being in the world.until he was reminded that he wasn't. he waited for yoongi to put baby yoongi to sleep.he was startled when he heard the door slammed shut."what the fuck is wrong with you?!" jungkook turned his head to look at yoongi, "are you out of your fucking mind?!""i'm sorry.""tell me what the fuck is going on, jungkook"jungkook took a deep breath, tears watering his eyes."how could you do this to me?..."yoongi looked surprised, face softened.he crouched in front of jungkook, "how could i do what? what are you talking about? about me not helping you with yoongi's episode?" he studied his son.jungkook shook his head, "no, it's not about that. i think that was the only good thing you've ever done to me. that, and getting me off of heroine""what is happening, jungkook?""how could you- how could you look at me the way you look at me now? how could you view me romantically? how could you ruin my innocence? how could you-"yoongi widened his eyes, "where is this all coming from now?"jungkook looked at yoongi and he couldn't hold back the tears anymore."yoonah told me... think about how you love our son and then think about how your father loves you.when i helped yoongi calm down i felt- i felt something i've never felt before. i felt like he was my son, for the first time. my son for real.I felt like I was his father, for the first time.that all the responsibilities are on me now, that i need to protect him, teach him wrong from right, love him, care for him, raise him...i could never- never imagine having other feelings for him. romance, sex... should be left for people we meet through life, not family.i- i didn't get that before. i never... i never understood. i never got why everyone was so against us, why? why would they be if we're in love?but this is not love.this is not the love you should be giving me.this is not the same love i feel for yoongi. all my life i believed that what we were doing was okay and that everyone around us was not.i understood to some extent why our relationship was wrong, but now that i have yoongi...i understand.i understand why namjoon did what he did, and why everyone wanted to help him.i was so naive, so manipulated by you... i couldn't see it. i couldn't understand.and you hurt me on top of that... you hurt me more than anyone can ever hurt me.i can cry just from thinking about hurting yoongi by accident like accidentally stepping on him or something like that but you- you hurt me on another level.you fucked up my entire life.i would never have a normal relationship, life, family... because how can i trust anyone else when the person i should've trusted the most lied to me my entire life?I thought that you abusing me mentally and physically was wrong but that's not the only thing that was fucked up in our relationship, wasn't it?you made me believe what we were doing was right,when it wasn't.there's nothing more wrong than that.and fuck... i was just a kid.i was practically a baby.how could you?how fucking could you?what is wrong with you?" yoongi looked at jungkook with wide eyes, tears streaming down his face. jungkook cried harder. "and i know, i know that we've been through so much to get to where we are today.but it's not worth it.none of it is worth it.you ruined my life but i'm not going to let you ruin my son's life.i'm not going to let yoongi be be a part of this twisted relationship of ours.i'm not going to let him witness that.i- i know that i can never get better. i can never return my sanity, my childhood, innocence and faith in people but- i want to try.i want to try to do that.without you." "you don't mean that""i don't think i've ever said anything i meant more than this.""jungkook, we knew that what we were doing was wrong-", "no, no, no! you knew. you knew. i didn't. my very first memory of you was you jerking me off- how could i know anything else beside 'loving' you? you never gave me a chance to decide! you knew that what you were doing was wrong, i was just a prey in your web."i love you, you love me too..."jungkook let out a sob and shook his head, "i don't. i don't love you. i don't love you anymore. i don't want this. i don't want us"yoongi grabbed jungkook's jeans and looked up at the crying boy, crying with him as well. "baby, we can work this out. we've been through so much already, you know that we always find our way to one anoth-""that's because i thought i loved you. that's because i was scared of myself without you... i was scared of existing without you.not anymore.""i'm scared of myself without you! i'm scared of existing without you!" yoongi cried out and pulled the boy with him on the floor.jungkook pushed yoongi away from him, "you didn't care for my feelings when i was a kid, and i don't care about yours now."jungkook got up, wiping his tears."where the fuck do you think you're going?""i'm taking my son and leaving.""your son"jungkook shot him a glare, "my son."yoongi grabbed jungkook's arms and pressed the younger against the wall, "jungkook, you're the love of my life. i have done, am doing and will do everything for you.we've been through hell and back just to get to the point where we can finally be together. maybe it's the medici-""i don't even take the fucking medicine!" jungkook yelled at his face, "i don't even need the medicine to know that i don't fucking need you in my life.you're the reason of every shitty thing that ever happened to me. you fucking ruined me, ruined my life. and you're gonna blame yourself til the day you fucking rot and die.went through hell and back? you're the hell i've went through! you're the one i need to get away from, not other people!you wanted me to face my demons, huh? here! look at me facing the worst demon of them all!"yoongi let go of jungkook's hand and the latter stormed out the room, going to the baby's room. yoongi was waiting in front of the front door while jungkook picked up every thing baby yoongi needed, like food and diapers."jungkook, you can't do this to us""you did this to us when you started it. get the fuck out of the way" they were facing each other."i love you.""i don't.""you said love never stops""what i felt for you wasn't love, it was a sick obsession. obsessions can stop.""what i feel for you is love, my love will never stop""and my pain will never stop either. the pain you made me go through, the pain you inflicted on me that I will carry all my life."yoongi closed his eyes, "i'm sorry..."jungkook's face softened, "i'm sorry too.""i wish things could be better for us" jungkook remembered yoongi telling him that before.jungkook bit his lower lip and let the tears flow, "i wish things could be better for us, too" he whispered.yoongi moved, letting jungkook get to the door.before closing the door, jungkook looked back at the broken man behind him."you're free now" jungkook smirked darkly through his tears and closed the door. - jungkook went to the only person he knew he could trust right now."jungkook" hoseok widened his eyes and looked at a crying jungkook, holding his baby in his hands."can we stay here for the night?"



Walk Your Own Path.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook ended up telling hoseok everything.they were standing at hoseok's porch while baby yoongi was sleeping on a blanket at hoseok's living room floor.it was freezing outside, but jungkook couldn't talk about everything without having a smoke in his hand.he told hoseok about how it started with him and yoongi,he told hoseok about namjoon finding out,he told hoseok about that day,he told hoseok about yoonah and mr kim,he told hoseok about how he and yoongi got back in touch,he told hoseok about how he and yoongi started their twisted relationship again,he told hoseok about his wedding and yoongi 'killing' himself,he told hoseok about how yoongi revealed himself to him after a year and a half and then hiding,he told hoseok about keeping yoonah hostage, he told hoseok about mr kim finding out, he told hoseok how he found out that yoongi wasn't actually his son, but yoonah and her father's son,he told hoseok about yoongi cheating him with his ex, jimin,he told hoseok about the day mr kim kidnapped them, he told hoseok about that namjoon was the mastermind behind all of it,he told hoseok about giving yoongi another chance and raising yoongi as their son, he told hoseok about his epiphany, about yoonah's words.  jungkook felt like his tears would never stop.his heart felt empty, numb yet filled with pain.he was mad at himself for trusting another person again, since he knew he always gets hurt in the end,but he had to let it all out. he had to tell someone. he couldn't keep the demons inside again. he heard a sniffle and turned his head quickly to his side only to see hoseok wiping his tears.jungkook widened his eyes and placed his hand on hoseok's shoulder, squeezing it. "hey..."hoseok shook his head and raised his hand in dismiss, "i'm fine, i'm fine... it was just a lot, jungkook. fuck"jungkook chuckled and looked at the dark sky before closing his eyes, letting his own tears stream down his face."it's not only about finding out who jimin cheated on me with, which is disturbing by itself. and ironic... this is such a small world.i can't believe you've been through all of that, jungkook. i can't believe you managed to keep such a dark secret for so many years... i honestly can't digest that. i can't fathom the fact that a father is capable of doing something like that to his own son.i mean, i knew that there were bad parents out there. believe me, i don't want to talk badly about the dead but jimin's father used to be an asshole.i thought he was the worst, and now..."jungkook inhaled, "would you judge me if i say that i still can't view him as the worst?"hoseok looked at jungkook, "how can i judge you on anything?... nothing in your mind is working properly"jungkook snorted, "why, thank you"hoseok laughed, "you know what i mean"jungkook bit his lip and nodded. "i know"hoseok took a deep breath, "i know it won't mean much now, but jungkook... you're such a great person, you're so brave and down to earth, so humble and nice... you know you didn't deserve any of this, right? it's important to me, knowing that you know that.""i don't necessarily agree"hoseok hugged himself, the night wind was getting stronger, hitting their faces. "even if you don't see it now, god has its ways-""god," jungkook chuckled darkly and looked at hoseok, "i stopped believing in god the day my own father raped me." hoseok wished he would've kept his mouth shut."i stopped believing in god the day i prayed and begged so hard for god to save me, to bring some senses back to my dad, to turn back time, to make it stopto make it fucking stop.but-" jungkook smirked, there was something dark in his eyes, hoseok gulped, "but it never stopped. and i never keep anyone who betrays me around.and god betrayed me.people say that there's an explanation for everything that happens, that bad things happen to good people so they could become stronger.but the worse has already happen, i don't have anything to be strong for anymore""yoongi"jungkook perked up and studied hoseok."you said you don't have anything to be strong for, but you have yoongi, your son.you have to be strong for your son.and... being this strong made you leave your father for good."jungkook looked down, stomach flipping by hearing that. "i want to let it all out, to tell you how i feel about it but... i don't know how i feel."hoseok just listened."i feel empty because my heart was so filled with love towards him that it doesn't know anything else.i feel betrayed because i found out that the man i thought i loved manipulated me and lied to me my entire life.i feel relieved that i finally, finally understood what everyone was talking about.i feel strong because i finally had the final say, i finally had that power over him.i feel alone because i was so relied on him that i forgot how to rely on myself.and i feel stupid because even after what he made me go through my entire life, every time i remember the hurt face he had when i told him that i don't love him anymore i want to fucking cry"and jungkook did just that. sobbing openly in front of hoseok.hoseok wanted to embrace the younger in his arms and let him cry his heart out on his shoulder."and is it true? that you don't love him anymore?""not romantically, no.but of course i love him,i will always love him.i don't know how to not love him"



Chapter End Notes
you guys i know it looks like the end but dw it's not ;3there a lot more cliffhangers, angst, drama and... oh, good things too! on the wayand gkdkg the comments for the previous chapter ahhh thank you so much for your support you guys don't understand how much it means to me <3 love you!


Inspired.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"kook, i'm off!" hoseok was about to exit the door.jungkook quickly opened the guest room's door, all dressed up with baby yoongi in hands, "wait for me"hoseok blinked, "where do you think you're going?"jungkook looked at hoseok like he fell from the sky, "class?"hoseok frowned, "no, you're not""why?""jungkook," hoseok sighed and closed the door, leaning his back against it, "you need to rest, last night has been a roller coaster of emotions for you.""i don't need to rest, i'm fine""i'll be okay without your help, you take care of yourself""and i won't be okay if i just sit here all day without doing anything, thinking about my fucked up life"hoseok studied jungkook's tired face, "did you even sleep?""no, i couldn't sleep," jungkook admitted, hoseok was about to say something, "-i'm fine, hyung, really. i need to distract myself by doing something i love, trust me"how could anyone say no to jungkook, really?hoseok clicked his tongue and crossed his arms, "what about baby yoongi?"jungkook groaned at the mention of the name, "i'm bringing him with me" he then smiled sweetly."ugh, let's go" - after getting non stop compliments by the students on baby yoongi, and having a successful dancing session, the three of them finally got back home late at night.baby yoongi was already fast asleep on jungkook's arms, jungkook put him to sleep on the blanket at hoseok's living room floor since he didn't want him to be sleeping on the tall queen sized bed by himself."you know, i'm thinking about changing his name" he then said nonchalantly while walking to the kitchen, lighting up a cigarette and opening the window.hoseok followed him, "why?""i can't hear that name without getting the shivers. i named him after my father when i thought he was dead.and he isn't dead.he is very much alive and i don't want to remember thati don't want to remember anything.""what names did you think of?""i actually think i have a name already""hasn't he gotten used to it already, though?"jungkook looked at him unamused, "he doesn't really react to anything, hyung, i don't think he knows what his name is""don't underestimate him. just because he's not reacting to his name, doesn't mean he doesn't know it's his name""he's almost two, he'll be fine. i don't remember anything from where i was two"hoseok raised his hands in defeat, "you're his father, you can do whatever you want"jungkook's face softened, "you don't think i'm forcing it on him, right? what if he likes the name yoongi?"at that moment hoseok noticed how scared jungkook was from turning into his own father.hoseok smiled, "like you said, he won't remember it. if his name gives your bad memories, you should change it while you can and not wait until it's too late"jungkook smiled back."i thought about the name shin"hoseok waited.jungkook blinked.hoseok blinked."shin...?""shin""shin what?""just shin""just shin?" hoseok's eyes widened.jungkook nodded."belief, faith, trust... i think it fits him. it fits him because this is what he is for me, i don't need to add another syllable just because it's a tradition in our country"hoseok smiled brightly, "your love for him is inspiring"jungkook blushed."i hope... the kids didn't go too far today""what do you mean?""when they asked why yoon- shin, wasn't reacting, smiling... or wasn't looking at them"jungkook shrugged, "they're young, and he's not really acting like a normal baby would, i get that. i need to get used to it.i'm proud of who he is, i don't feel bad when people are pointing out his so called defects.my son is different, and it's okay. i'm different, too. we are both different not by choice""and you're both amazing" they both looked at each other before clearing out their throats in unison, diverting their gazed to different places."well, i think i'm gonna go take a shower and sleep" jungkook scratched the back of his head."hey say, since it's our day off tomorrow, how about we go to the warm river across the street? i think it'll be a good place for relaxation"jungkook's blood turned cold.hoseok froze, "or not, it's totally oka-""no, it's just... i was there a few days ago with yoongi""shin""no, him too but i meant yoongi. my father""oh.""yeah, oh""then forget it, we-""no, you know what? let's go. i'm not going to stop my life because of him, i already did that once""you're always saying the things i secretly want to tell you, but to be honest, i'm kind of scared of your reaction. scared of what i should and should not say, seeing how it's really not any of my business""hyung, i told you everything for a reason. this is just as your business as it is mine, you're literally the only person in the world i can trust right now. if you want to tell me something that you think is right for me, then you should""don't change yoongi's name" hoseok blurted out without thinking.jungkook blinked."don't let him win. yoongi is a beautiful name, and even though you named him after a horrible person, your son isn't one. and you'll make good memories with a person with the same name. right now you're still in a vulnerable state when it comes to him, but it won't be forever. and this yoongi," he pointed to his sleeping son, "is going to be forever"jungkook looked at his son, heart filled with care and love. "i'll think about it"hoseok smiled proudly."so, lake tomorrow?""lake tomorrow"



Chapter End Notes
I was debating with myself whether I should post a chapter today or not.I've been sobbing the entire day, Jonghyun is one of my ultimate biases, and the news completely broke me. (he was even a bartender in Poison Ivy ;-;)He was one of Kpop's best vocalists, a genius musician, composer, lyricist. A role model, caring, funny, and just a great person in general.The true definition of an idol. I hope he's truly resting in peace right now.At least you're not suffering anymore, Bling Bling. <3And please please please, if any of you suffer and struggle with depression please know that you're never alone.Even if you think there's no one, there will always be people who would listen to what you have to say.Even if you just feel like you need to let it all out, talk to someone, please DM me or even ask for my E-Mail, KKT, anything and I'll be a listening ear.I know it's not much, but please don't keep struggling alone and keep it all in. things like this could be prevented, and it's just heartbreaking. I love you all <3


Hypnosis.



hoseok and jungkook were sitting on the grass in front of the warm lake while baby yoongi was wobbling around them, it was early in the morning.jungkook looked at the lake, "this is where yoonah tried to kidnap yoongi"hoseok looked at him, "was this the day that changed everything you felt for him?"jungkook gulped, heart's heavy. "it started to change that day, yes. the things she said got me thinking a lot""i'm pretty sure everyone close to you who knew what was going on between you two said things like that to you your entire life, what was different then?""my son wasn't in the picture then, so i couldn't really comprehend it. but now that i have my own father son relationship with my son, i started to notice that mine was different that what i had with my father""i'm sorry if it seems like i'm asking too many questions, if you want to talk about something else-", "no. i think i need to talk to someone about it, i'm actually glad you're asking all of this, i can't talk to anyone else about it"hoseok waited."i can't talk to seokjin hyung about it because he's my uncle and my dad's older brother, the last thing he wants to hear about is my romantic relationship with him.and same with namjoon, since he's my brother. and in jail.and who do i have left? taehyung, who's in love with me? jimin, who had sex with my father while i was with him? who?"hoseok took a deep breath.jungkook looked at hoseok and clicked his tongue, "god, i'm so sorry, hyung. i've been so up my ass that i forgot that you have your own issues. i know i'm not the greatest company right now, but if you want to talk...""you are a great company," hoseok smiled sweetly, "and i'm fine. i think learning about what jimin did and with whom helped a lot" he chuckled."he hurt both of us, we should both let go"hoseok hugged his knees and studied jungkook, "you two used to be so close. i can't believe he would do that to you"jungkook frowned, "you were in an actual relationship for more than a decade and he did that to you"hoseok cleared his throat and looked at yoongi who has sat down the grass, pulling it out the ground, "i- i actually wasn't the best boyfriend in the world""what do you mean?""i was always focused on work, always busy with private lessons, classes and practice. and with everything he went through and was going through, he needed the attention i wasn't giving him""i don't know, nothing is a good enough of an excuse for cheating in my opinion""you cheated on yoongi, didn't you?"jungkook scowled, "i was seventeen""you said nothing is a good enough of an excuse" hoseok smirked.jungkook huffed, "i was a kid, and i wanted the attention i wasn't getting at home because i was emotionally and physically abused""and beside the abuse, jimin wanted the same""jimin isn't a kid, he's thirty""he has a mind of a kid""not when it comes to sex, i assume"hoseok quickly turned his head to look at jungkook, blinking."choking, spanking, bondage... doesn't seem like things kids would enjoy, i'm sure as hell didn't enjoy any of it when i was a kid and my dad did that to me"hoseok's face turned redder than a tomato, jungkook smirked."yeah," he cleared his throat, "it has a psychological explanation""i can't picture you being rough in bed, hyung" jungkook dragged his tongue over his front teeth, wearing a huge smug grin.hoseok widened his eyes and quickly got up, "i'm going for a swim"jungkook burst out laughing. hoseok turned around and touched his heating cheeks, he was definitely blushing."i'm kidding, i'm kidding. don't leave me here"hoseok took off his shirt and turned around with a smile, "come on"  the two of them were floating the warm water, jungkook held baby yoongi in his hands.jungkook looked at him and sighed, "i wish i could know when he's having fun""you'll know when he gets older""will he be more responsive?"hoseok shook his head, "not necessarily, but he could verbalize his enjoyment" jungkook pouted and looked at his son again.he was smiling.jungkook smiled back, hoseok smiled too."he's having fun"jungkook hugged yoongi tightly, "i feel like shit. i haven't been paying a lot of attention to him because i was so busy dealing with my dad""now it's your chance, you can make it up for it""i'll return to the specialist""i can come with you, if you want. i have a bit of a psychology experience and... i used to date a guy with autism, as you know. so i can help when needed"jungkook frowned, "help? hyung, i wasn't planning on staying for long""kook, you can stay until whenever you feel like it, i really don't mind. don't feel pressured to leave, you and yoongi aren't a burden. besides, i like the company, i don't like being lonely"don't cry, jungkook.don't fucking cry you fucking pussy."why are you crying?!"jesus fuck, jungkook. you had one job.jungkook quickly wiped his tears with one hand, adjusting yoongi's weight with the other hand looked down, "nothing, nothing. salt in my eyes""this is sweet water" jungkook could hear hoseok's smirk without even seeing it."shut up," jungkook pouted, "i'm an emotional mess right now and you're being so nice""to be honest, you are all i have right now. so i want to keep it, i'm here for you""you're all i have right now, too" jungkook picked up his gaze and looked at hoseok, who was looking back at him.heart beating fast.body's reacting faster than the brain. he kissed him. 



The Same Nightmare.



jungkook was taken aback when he was pushed slightly.he looked at hoseok with wide eyes."jungkook i-""oh my god," jungkook never felt this embarrassed his entire life, "oh my god, you don't want me like that"hoseok looked at him with a sad expression, "i'm so sorry, kook-", "oh my god"jungkook quickly turned around with baby yoongi still in his arms and got out of the water slowly, not daring to look at hoseok."jungkook!" hoseok called and ran after the younger with a struggle since it was hard to move fast while being inside the water.jungkook quickly grabbed a towel from where they were sitting earlier and wrapped himself and his son, still facing with his back to the older."kook, please-", "i'm so mortified. i'm sorry""you have nothing to be sorry for, i'm the one who should be sorry, maybe i mislead you-""i read the signals wrong, i'm so sorry, god," jungkook turned around, biting his lower lip, "i just thought-""listen, it's understandable. you're in a very vulnerable state right now-""can we please go home?" - "we'll be out here by night time"hoseok frowned and looked at jungkook, both a freshly showered, hoseok was sitting on his couch while baby yoongi was playing with his toys on the floor, jungkook was standing in front of the older with crossed arms."what are you talking about?""i can't stay here after what happened""nonsense. jungkook, you shouldn't feel bad, nothing has changed. i still want you two to stay here, besides, where would you go?""some hotel... until i find an apartment""you're not going anywhere, you're staying here" hoseok has never seen jungkook look more flustered.jungkook hugged himself, "this is the worst""look, you've been through a lot and i understand your need for affection considering everything that has happened. i don't even think you yourself want this, you're just in a fragile state as of now-""that has never happened to me before"hoseok snorted, "you've never been rejected before?"jungkook blinked, "have you seen me?"hoseok furrowed his eyebrows, completely shocked by jungkook's words. "do you think your pretty looks is all you have?""if you say that you don't want me because of my personality i will cry, you can only kill my confidence for-""do you think you have any confidence beside your face?"jungkook shrugged, "everyone always wanted me for my looks, so i don't really know anything else""what makes you think that people wanted you for your looks?""i told you how my relationship with my dad started, he thought i looked like my mom,i was shit to taehyung as a friend yet he still wanted to fuck me, all the women i fucked obviously wanted me for my looks alone,mr kim... well... you know the story.jaehyun said he was inspired by me but let's be real. i was inspired by bi rain sunbaenim but i wouldn't fuck him just because he's a good dancer if you know what i'm talking about"hoseok didn't feel like laughing at that, he studied the boy with concern obvious on his face."you have a lot more going on for you than just your looks, jungkook, you're an amazing person"jungkook groaned, "please don't make this worse-"hoseok got up from the couch and got closer to jungkook, "no, you have to listen to me.you're so strong, yet so loving and caring.you know what you want yet you always think of others first.you're funny yet serious and mature. you're so interesting, and every little thing you do has a purpose. you're talented yet so humble.you have to know that. you have to know that you are more than your looks, jungkook"jungkook stared at a spot on the floor, taking a deep breath and just letting hoseok's words sink."and i want you to stay here. what happened was a miscommunication from both sides, and it's really not that big of a deal. i love you dearly, and i want to make sure that if you leave, you'll leave for a better place and not some cheap hotel to live with your son in"jungkook was about to open his mouth to say something when they heard a loud thump on the the front door.they were both startled, looking at each other.jungkook felt shivers running down his spine when they heard another loud bang."what is that?" hoseok frowned and turned around towards the door."don't open it."hoseok turned his head around, "what?""don't open this door."another loud bang.baby yoongi started crying."that noise is scaring the baby... i'm going to see what it is"jungkook wanted to move but his body didn't listen to him."don't, hoseok.""what-" silence. "do you think...?""i know.i don't think,i know it's him" "open the fucking door, jungkook!" 



Reflection.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




hoseok stared at jungkook.jungkook felt like his body was paralyzed. body shaking and heart thumping in his ears."what do you want me to do, jungkook?" hoseok asked, hesitated.another loud smack on the door. "he's going to break down my door, jungkook. please tell me what do you want me to do""he's drunk, don't let him in"hoseok widened his eyes in shock, "i thought you said he stopped drinking""i was his escapism, he has nothing but alcohol if he doesn't have me""i'm calling the police" hoseok sighed and turned to get his phone only to be stopped by jungkook's hand grabbing his."don't"hoseok raised an eyebrow, "we can't just ignore that. someone will call the police sooner or later, he's making a lot of noise"hoseok was right.someone will call the police eventually."i'll get the door""jungkook.""relax, he won't do anything" jungkook didn't believe his own words.hoseok inhaled through his nose and crossed his arms, worriedly watches as jungkook goes towards the door.he stayed behind jungkook in case anything happens.he knows he'd pounce on yoongi if he had to.jungkook swallowed and let out a breath before opening the door.he felt his blood run cold, head spinning.seeing yoongi after all this time...and like this, on top of that."baby..." yoongi pouted, planting his hand on the doorstep for support.the other hand is holding a bottle.eyes unfocused, cheek flushed.jungkook knew this yoongi oh too well."what do you want?" he said through eyes full of tears.he couldn't help it.he couldn't help but feel betrayed yet again.he couldn't help but feel hurt.he couldn't help but feel sorry for him.when they were together they both progressed so many steps,and now that they're apart it seemed like yoongi regressed double the steps."i missed you... i just wanted to talk..."sweet, yet filled with poison words."we have nothing to talk about, dad. we've already discussed everything we had to" jungkook tried not to make his voice sound shaky."you. you already discussed everything. you didn't let me say a word. you- we have to talk, kookie"hearing that pet name sent shivers down jungkook's spine.yoongi was the only one in this entire word that ever called him kookie.everyone either called him jungkookie or kook. not yoongi.never yoongi."he doesn't want to talk to you" both jungkook and yoongi looked at hoseok's direction.jungkook signaling hoseok to shut the fuck up.yoongi snorted and slammed the door open, making baby yoongi cry again.jungkook hissed and moved back.yoongi looked dead inside hoseok's eyes."you got what you wanted, huh dancer boy?"hoseok narrowed his eyes, trying to look calm even though he wasn't."you fuck him now so you think you own him"hoseok looked at the man who his ex love of his life cheated on him with.hoseok looked at the man who had hurt his dear friend."no, i'm not like you. i don't own everyone i fuck, i don't think about jungkook or other people as property unlike you"yoongi squinted his eyes, his could feel his blood boil. "so you are fucking him." yoongi turned around to look at jungkook, "so this was the deal? you wanted him to fuck you? you left me for his cock-"jungkook closed his eyes and tried to breathe evenly."stop talking to him like that. not that this is any of your business, but we have nothing going on between us. and even if we did-"yoongi suddenly smashed the bottle of soju he was holding in his hand.glass shattered all over hoseok's floor, yoongi's crying getting louder."don't fucking lie to me!" yoongi looked beyond angry, "don't act like you're superior to me, you don't know half of mine and jungkook's relationship, even if he told you, you don't know shit. you don't know what we've been through. you don't know what i've done for him, and how many sacrifices i-"the neighbors were starting to peak from their doors and jungkook panicked.hoseok chuckled bitterly, "what you've done for him?! you've done nothing but ruin his life! you've done nothing but manipulate and lie to him ever since he was a kid-"they were a few centimeters from one another. jungkook gripped yoongi's sleeve, pulling him towards him with a struggle."who the fuck do you think you are?!" yoongi was screaming at hoseok's face, "talking as if you are his savior. you think that just because you show him a little affection that you get to decide his feelings? his memories?""he told you the same thing! and you know he's right! he's-""i'm still fucking here, stop talking about me as if i'm not."they both turned their heads to look at jungkook.yoongi pushed jungkook's hand off of him and grasped his shirt, "we need to talk."jungkook diverted his gaze, it was hard looking him in the eyes, "i don't want to talk""it's not fair, jungkook. you're being unfair. you let out everything you had on your chest and you didn't let me get off the weight on my shoulders, it's not fair""i don't want to hear your side, i don't want to have anything to do with you. especially not when you're drunk. again."hoseok quickly ran towards the running baby, picking him up and trying to calm him down. jungkook looked at them.yoongi's face softened, he searched for jungkook's eyes. "baby... you know i have nothing without you. i feel lost without you so i turn to the first thing that i know.the only thing after you that gives me comfort. i know you're mad at me, i know. i'm mad at myself too, all the time.i'm sorry, i'm always sorry when it comes to you"jungkook has heard these words coming out of yoongi so many times, but it still makes his heart hurt every single time.he let out a sob he couldn't hold anymore. "please just leave me alone, i'm trying to move on with my life. i don't want you to make me feel bad again""how can you ask me to leave you alone, jungkook?...""i can fucking help you with that." hoseok spat."i'm going to murder that son of a-" yoongi was about to run towards hoseok, but jungkook was faster. he quickly grabbed yoongi's arm and span his around."okay, okay," jungkook sniffled, "i'll talk to you, i'll talk to you. just calm down, dad, please"jungkook knew.jungkook knew he was the only one who could calm yoongi down.talk some sense back into him.he still cared.he still cared, after all."you're not going anywhere, jungkook. if you guys want to talk you're going to do it here, where i can see""hyung, stay the fuck out of this." jungkook glared at him.hoseok was taken aback, he then frowned. "i'm calling the police""hoseok." jungkook's voice was stern, it startled hoseok."i'm going to talk to him, i have my phone with me. i'll be back soon, put yoongi to sleep.i'll be fine"hoseok's face fell, "jungkook, please...""it's okay."it wasn't.it wasn't okay.nothing is ever okay when it comes to yoongi."it's going to be okay" jungkook smiled.a fake smile.fake words.it's not going to be okay.nothing is ever okay.nothing is ever okay when it comes to yoongi.



Chapter End Notes
guysguysguyswe're not even near the end yetthis is going to be the longest part of demons and butterfliesalso the last. the absolute lastbut the longest!we have a longlonglong way to go so dw ;3


You Don't Know What You Got Til It's Gone, My Dear.
Chapter Notes
WARNINGWARNINGWARNINGrape/non-con

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




jungkook was standing with his back against the wall of now yoongi's house with folded arms, he bit his bottom lip nervously and watched the man in front of him."why are you doing this to yourself?" voice quiet.yoongi chuckled darkly, jungkook could smell the alcohol in his breath. "you did this to me. you did this to us"jungkook shook his head, "don't. don't put this on me, don't blame me in your destructional decisions""you blamed me in yours" yoongi narrowed his eyes."what you did to me and what i did to you are two completely different things, how dare you compare these?"yoongi's face fell, "this is not fair, kookie. we worked so hard to get where we were, and you ruined it. you ruined us""you ruined us! the day you started it!" jungkook raised his voice, throat tightening."you can't tell me that this wasn't real, that our feelings weren't real""it was too real, that was the problem. it shouldn't have been from the beginning""we were both in love, we were both in this fucked up situation together and you left me to deal with this alone. you left me to love you, alone"jungkook closed his eyes and took a shaky breath, holding back tears."i'm sorry. i'm sorry that you feel like i left you alone in this, but you have to understand me too.i know, i know and remember all to well what we've been through to get to the point where we could be happy together. but i realized that our relationship was vile the day i realized that my feelings for my son are not the same feelings you have for me, and then i understood why everyone was against us from the beginning.it wasn't just the abuse, it was everything. everything about us was wrong""how do you expect me to move on? how do you expect me to stop loving you like you stopped loving me?you're the one who had that epiphany, i wasn't. i'm still stuck on you. i'm still in love you. how am i supposed to move on from this? after everything we fought for? how can you just give up on us?"jungkook opened his eyes, yoongi was close. too close."it's like you don't even want to listen to me. i keep explaining it to you and you just don't get it""i don't want to get it, i don't want to believe that you don't feel anything to me anymore""i will always remember what you made me feel, but at the same time i will never forgive you for it either""so what? what do you want? you want me to be out of your life? not seeing you nor yoongi ever again?"jungkook looked him in his unfocused, drunken eyes."yes."  jungkook gasped in surprise when yoongi slammed both of his fists on the wall at each side near his head, pressing the younger against the wall further."you fucking liar." yoongi hissed.jungkook frowned and placed his hands on yoongi's chest, pushing him slightly. "i'm leaving""to your new boy toy? you'll search for anyone who'd make you forget about me""don't fucking flatter yourself, get away from me""tell me the truth. tell me that you still love me" from the venomous tone he had just seconds ago, now his tone sounded almost begging."you have issues... you're sick, and you need help" yoongi slammed his fists once more, locking jungkook in his hold. "what did you expect? you were the only thing keeping me sane""you're a big boy, you'll get over it just like i did""look me in the eyes and tell me that you really don't love me anymore"jungkook looked yoongi in his eyes through tears, "i don't love you anymore.""then why the fuck are you crying?""you're scaring me like this"jungkook's confession shocked yoongi, but he quickly pulled himself together."does it bring back bad memories?" jungkook felt like he was about to throw up."i hate it when you drink" it was barely more than a whisper."you don't have a say in this anymore""i'm leaving, let me go"yoongi pressed his boy closer the younger, almost suffocating him with his weight. "maybe you need a reminder, something to refresh your memory. maybe you need to see the bad side of me to remember how fucking good you had it before you ruined it"jungkook widened his eyes and tried to push yoongi off of him. "let me fucking go"jungkook was physically stronger than yoongi, but when yoongi was drunk nothing was stronger than him.especially not jungkook.yoongi grabbed raven haired boy's face with one hand, hard. "maybe you need something to remind you who fucking owns you"jungkook pushed yoongi's hand and wiped his tears, "you don't fucking own me, not anymore"  jungkook should've expected the slap to come, but he was still completely dumbfounded. it was like he was seventeen all over again."can't hit me back, pretty boy?"jungkook was still staring at a spot on the side yoongi slapped him, holding his pulsing cheek.the tears just kept running down his face."i'm not like you, i will never be like you" he turned his head towards yoongi and the rage and hate he had in his eyes almost made yoongi cry too.but in his current state of mind, he couldn't care less about the younger's feelings.all he cared about was his own pain.his own anger.he inhaled deeply through his nose and grabbed jungkook by his hair, jungkook cried in pain and tried to push yoongi off of him."stop it! you're hurting me!"  when jungkook's back hit the mattress, he felt like his soul was leaving his body.he propped himself on his elbows and looked at the devil standing in front of him.he knew he could physically run away, or even hurt yoongi back.but emotionally...yoongi always knew how to make him feel little.worthless.and jungkook believed that like he believe everything yoongi made him feel.it was like his body was in too much shock to even comprehend what was happening. jungkook let out a sob, "are you going to rape me again? show me where i belong? what are you trying to prove?""this is not rape if you want it. you love me, i'm just reminding you""i don't want it. and i don't love you. and if you think our love was just about sex then you're-""i don't know what else to do, jungkook," yoongi let himself cry as well, "i don't know what to do to make you come back to me""you're not doing a very good job" jungkook's voice sounds broken."you're never going to come back to me, are you?"jungkook shook his head."then i want to say goodbye." yoongi dropped his weight on jungkook's body, spreading his legs with his knees. "i don't want this" jungkook searched for yoongi's eyes.his body is too weak.his mind is too weak.he's too weak.too weak."i don't want this,i don't want this...i don't want this!!!"   when it was over the both laid side by side on their backs.jungkook was just staring at the ceiling, body aching, heart breaking, and tears falling non stop. yoongi covered his face with his hands and cried hard, "oh my god, jungkook..." his broken voice was muffled.jungkook took a deep breath and closed his eyes."i'm can't believe i did this to you again, jungkook... i'm a monster... i'm so sorry..."jungkook opened his eyes, refusing to look at the man beside him.yoongi's sorry's meant nothing.yoongi's words meant nothing.yoongi's cries meant nothing.yoongi meant nothing.nothing.jungkook bit his lower lip and hissed when he sat up, the pain was stabbing him in his lower back.he felt a cold hand touching his, and jolted and slapped that hand away."don't." his voice was hoarse.from screaming.screaming for help.screaming for someone to save him for this nightmare again."don't fucking touch me."yoongi looked at his son and his heart was filled with pain.regret.disgust.self hatred.he fucked everything up again.and this time, there is nothing he can do to fix it.jungkook got out of the bed with a struggle and slowly got dressed.the younger limped his way to the door, he held the door and turned his head around, though still not looking at yoongi."i've never, ever, hated anyone more than i hate you. even when i loved you, i hated you. and now..." jungkook gulped, throat sore."now i just hate you.and i hope you'll die feeling the pain you made me go through"with that, he was gone.leaving yoongi to cry himself to sleep, hugging himself in a fetal position.yoongi cried for help too.cried for someone to help him help himself.cried for god to take him.or hell. when jungkook was out of the door he threw up.  - hoseok waited nervously by the door.after he put yoongi to sleep he still couldn't calm down.he perked up when he heard a weak knock on the door.he opened the door quickly and smiled, "jungkoo-"his smile was gone.there were red bags under jungkook's eyes.eyes swollen.smell of sweat and vomit filled the room.hoseok covered his mouth with his hand, trying not to break down crying at the scene in front of him.he's not stupid,he knew what happened. he didn't say anything.not today.not right now. he made jungkook a bath and helped him clean himself.he never heard anyone cry this hard in his life.



Chapter End Notes
don't hate me


Kill Me Again.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




hoseok was holding his cup of coffee with both hands while sitting on his couch. he looked over towards the hanging clock, it was barely seven in the morning. he couldn't sleep.he perked up when he heard the guest room's door slowly open.he felt his heart shattered to pieces when he saw the broken boy standing by the door. jungkook looked like he didn't get any sleep either.they made eye contact."i'm calling the police, jungkook""no, you're not" jungkook dragged himself to the kitchen, hiding hisses of pain."what do you want? i'll get it for you, don't push yourself""i want to die" he said it mostly to himself but hoseok didn't miss it.the older clicked his tongue and got up, following jungkook to the kitchen.jungkook was already with a cigarette between his fingers."that monster needs to be in jail"jungkook lit up the cancer stick while looking at hoseok, "we're not going to talk about what happened last night""do you want to just ignore it?""yes."hoseok frowned, "you're out of your mind, jungkook. how can you let that man go free?"jungkook closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to control his emotions. "hyung, i know that i've told you everything about my past. i know that i've told you everything about my relationship with him, but you don't actually understand.you'll never understand""i don't need to understand to know that he hurt you, and still hurts you now""stay out of this" jungkook looked tired. drained.and it killed hoseok."i'm calling the police and that's final" hoseok was about to turn around to search for his phone."i'm going to deny everything" hoseok froze. he turned around slowly to study the boy in front of him."at the end of the day i'm the one who decides if he goes to jail or not. you can call them but if i deny everything they can't do anything. and you'll be the liar""you blame yourself" hoseok said in realization. jungkook chuckled sadly, "amongst other people" "why?" it was barely a whisper.jungkook couldn't stand the expression of pity hoseok wore on his face."we've been through too much to get to where we were before i ruined it. i understand him, in a way. what we had between us was wrong, but at least we had one another... you know?it was just us against the world, and i left him to deal with the world alone.""it has nothing to do with you, jungkook. he was fucked up before you left him the first time and he'll be fucked up his entire life because that's who he is""he was in jail, therapy and rehab and it didn't help, what else can i do?""he doesn't need to get better, he needs to get punished.""i think living with the memories of what he did to me is enough of a punishment""so why are you getting his punishment as well?"jungkook didn't have an answer for that.  - "hey kook, i'm gonna head out soon. are you sure you're going to be alright on your own?"jungkook was chewing on his food by the kitchen table, baby yoongi on his lap.he nodded."are you sure?"jungkook looked at him unamused, he swallowed the food before opening his mouth, "i'll be fine, hyung, i'm a big boy"hoseok was still unsure.he folded his arms and studied the the two."do you want me to take yoongi with me so you could rest?"jungkook blinked."what? no-", "the kids love him, it'll be good for his communication skills too. and you need to rest, you probably haven't slept at all"jungkook nibbled on his lower lip and looked at his son, considering.he then looked at hoseok."thank you, hyung"hoseok smiled. - jungkook woke up with sweat covering his entire body and a loud gasp.he sat up the bed, panting.he couldn't believe that after almost two years, the nightmares came back to him again.nightmares that happened in real life.nightmares that are actually memories of what his father did to him.it was the third time he tried to sleep that day, just to be woken up rudely by the memories creeping up his mind. yoongi released jungkook's demons inside his head yet again.jungkook got out of the bed and searched his bag. he needed anything to make him forget.he needed anything to make him forget about yoongi. he finally took his pills.gulping two down at once.he looked around the room, and it was suffocating him.he needed to breathe fresh air.he needed to get out.he quickly got dressed and walked out the house. how he found himself sitting on a bar stool getting drunk on some cheap vodka, he didn't know.vision blurry, mind empty.anything, anything to make him forget.the woman next to him seemed flirty, and jungkook was ready to pounce. he fucked her from behind, pushing her head against the bathroom stall, bending her down harshly.his hips thrust angrily, too much force. the girl cried out, holding onto the wall she was glued into for her dear life.he was the beast now.he had the control now.he was in charge.he fucked that woman with the same force he wished he beat yoongi up with.ignoring her groaned "not too rough"'cause that bitch doesn't even know what rough is.she doesn't know how good she has it.jungkook growled and slammed inside the slim body without a care in the world.too drunk to actually care.maybe he could understand yoongi a little bit better. after what seemed like an hour, he knew he wasn't going to get his release.he pulled out, making her moan quietly.he zipped his jeans and left the stall, leaving her bewildered. he wobbled his way towards the sink, washing his face.refreshing himself.he looked himself in the mirror and couldn't recognize himself.he's worked so hard to rebuild himself for almost nine years,and yoongi managed to ruin him again.he hated yoongi for doing that,but he hated himself even more for allowing that to happen. he heard whispered around him, he turned around.the scene too familiar,with a group of guys smoking, some injecting liquid substances to their veins.jungkook looked at them. heroin. the only thing that helped jungkook forget. 



Chapter End Notes
lol hi guysI knew that the last chapter was going to be controversial and would create mix reactions, and that I'd probably lose some of my readers.before posting chapter 28, I actually wanted to reconsider my decision and change the entire plot that's already been written down.but then I remembered why I wanted to write this fic in the first place; after reading so many fics that romanticized and sexualized incest relationship, I wanted to show the more realistic and dark side of such relationship. and also address alcohol and drug abuse and mental health issues like they should be addressed, repetitive and hard to get rid of.so I'm glad I didn't, and I don't regret my decision.you might think it was too much or even unnecessary but at the end of the day this is my creation and my vision and every little thing I write has a reason behind it for further chapters.I've never claimed this story to be angsty yet fluffy. I always warn with tags and before every chapter that needs to be tagged.I'm truly sorry that I made some of you feel uncomfortable or feel things you didn't want to feel from this story, my readers mean everything to me, you're the reason I even thought of continuing part 1, and look where we are today.but I still don't regret my decision, and I know you won't judge me for that.if you want a story to be the happiness to your daily struggles then you've came to the wrong story.I'm extremely thankful for anyone who stayed and that will keep supporting and reading this story, it means the world to me. ♡


Collide.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




the temptation was there.for the first time in almost two year jungkook missed the feeling of being high. being not in control, yet have all the control.for the first time in almost two years jungkook felt the need to completely forget about yoongi again.the influence of the alcohol was slowly drifting, and the image of his son popped into his mind.he wants to forget about the man the ruined his life by turning into him.if jungkook falls into drugs again, he'd be just as bad of a father as yoongi was to him.jungkook turned around and looked at himself in the mirror again, finally recognizing himself.he was broken, there was no doubt of that. but he won't become yoongi.he's not going to let himself ruin his son's life, he said while lying to himself. - when he came back home it was late. the door of hoseok's room was closed and baby yoongi was no where to be found.jungkook drunkenly walked his way towards hoseok's room, opening the door slightly.hoseok was sitting on his bed, scrolling through his phone with headphones on while baby yoongi was sleeping deeply beside him.the younger leaned his shoulder against the doorstep.hoseok picked up his gaze from his phone to jungkook, face serious. he pulled out one the headphones from his ear."where were you? it's late""i had to get out, i felt like i was suffocating"hoseok's heart broke at that, he sighed deeply. "i'm worried about you, kook. you need to talk to someone about what happened, if not me then at least a specialist? you can't keep bury-"jungkook was in no condition to listen to hoseok at the moment, he made his way to the bed and quietly picked his son up to his arms."thank you, hyung. i'm going to sleep, good night"hoseok followed the raven haired boy until he slowly closed his door behind him. - "do you want me to take yoongi with me again? you look like a mess"jungkook really tried to cover up his major hangover the next morning.hoseok only saw him with one cup of coffee, he doesn't know about the three cups he had prior.the boy shook his head, "thanks, but i can't keep dropping him on you. i'll be fine, we'll be fine"hoseok quirked one eyebrow, "are you sure, kook? it's really not a problem"jungkook fake smiled, "i'm sure""and if you feel like you're ready to come back, feel free to tell me anytime"jungkook nodded, "promise" the day went fine.jungkook played with his son a little bit, he took him to the park to play with other kids.it was a failure since yoongi mostly liked to play on his own but they both managed to get fresh air.when they got back home jungkook bathed his son and sang him a lullaby before putting him to sleep.when yoongi finally fell asleep jungkook burst into tears, crying loudly after locking himself in the bathroom.even after having an nice day on his own, with his son, the memories kept coming back to him.even when he tried to force himself to move on he just couldn't. he felt lost. he forgot how to help himself.he was already okay, as much as he could be, and it was ruined again.he forgot how to get better since it's been too long.he felt miserable.and he hated himself.he hated himself for getting into this mess from the beginning.he hated himself because he felt like he didn't deserve any happiness.he hated himself and he blamed himself, for everything.he could never escape the hell he's living in.he could never be happy.he could never be at ease.not anymore.not ever. he ran out of the bathroom to the kitchen, searching all over the kitchen for something to make him forget.forget his pain.forget his misery.forget him. jungkook drowned himself in alcohol again.sitting on the kitchen floor with a bottle of whiskey in his hands and just laughing.laughing at the irony of the situation.yoongi used alcohol to escape his reality, and jungkook is doing the same to escape his own.he hated himself even more because even when yoongi is not in his life anymore, he's everywhere.he's in him.he can never escape him. he started to hyperventilate.breath caught in his throat.he felt suffocated.trapped.trapped in his own mind.trapped in his own mind with his demons.the demons that came back to him. he got up, alcohol consuming his entire body.he needed to get out.he needed to get out.he needed to get out. he needed to let the pain out.he needed to let the anger out. he wavered his way to his phone, everything was blurry but he managed to text who he wanted. "i'm coming over in an hour" jungkook left.with baby yoongi still sleeping on the floor. jungkook got a text. "... okay."



Chapter End Notes
ugh thank you so much for your supportive comments, i keep saying that but you honestly have no idea what it means to me. i love yall so much <3 if it wasn't for you i would have never even thought about continuing this story after poison ivy so thank you, you guys mean a shit ton to me <3 SPOILERSPOILERSPOILERno deaths dw ;3


In Shackles.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"is everything alright, jungkook?" jungkook's head was spinning.he couldn't remember why he was there.his back was leaned against the wall in the hallway, head hangs low. the figure in front of him was in the same position at the other direction.he picked up his head and looked at the person in front of him."no." he answered simply."why are you here?"i don't know.i don't know.i don't know."i thought you wanted me out of your life" the person continued."stop talking" jungkook thought his brain was going to explode."jungkoo-""i said stop talking, taehyung!" taehyung shut his mouth and looked at the younger in front of him.jungkook hated that look.look of pity."you're standing in my house in the middle of the night, drunk, after telling me that you wanted me out of your life. i think i'm allowed to ask questions""i don't want to talk""so what do you want?"they shared an intense stare.taehyung chuckled."did he hurt you again?"jungkook didn't really need to answer, taehyung already knew.jungkook fucking hated it.he hated the fact that everyone knew that the only reason for jungkook's misery was yoongi.he hated the fact that everyone knew his life was revolved around yoongi.he hated the fact that is was true."you want to let your anger on someone? and that someone is me?""shut up, taehyung.""you're getting drunk just to forget your pain, like he does. and now you want to... what? fuck me out of anger just like he did with jimin? you're becoming exactly like him." taehyung's words were full of venom. jungkook pushed the older hard against the wall, pressing him with his weight, grabbing him by his neck. "i said shut the fuck up" he gritted through his teeth, looking directly into his eyes.taehyung gulped and groaned, holding jungkook's wrist that was grabbing at his neck, trying to loosen the tight hold. "you don't want this, you don't want to do this"jungkook smirked, and taehyung was scared."gonna tell me you don't want this, either?"taehyung closed his eyes, "don't do this" he whispered shakily.jungkook nuzzled his nose against taehyung's cheek and closed his eyes as well, "why?" he whispered back."you know i can't say no to you"no one could.jungkook opened his eyes, they were nose to nose now."then don't say no""if i say yes, you're going to leave after that, right?" "yes. is that a problem?""yes."they stayed like this."yes, it is a problem. i don't want you to use me"jungkook pressed their bodies closer, making the skinny man let out a quiet breath."i need this, taehyung. i need this, or else i'm going to go insane" jungkook whispered desperately. "you're already insane"jungkook smirked, and that only proved taehyung's words to be right."if you say yes, i'm not going to go easy on you" it was a promise.taehyung took a shaky breath and looked at jungkook with hooded eyes, heart beating fast in his chest."kiss me" and that was all jungkook needed to hear before devouring the man completely.   jungkook knew why he wasn't satisfied with fucking random women anymore.he needed to overpower a man.he needed to feel under control over another man.jungkook wanted to do anything that wouldn't make him feel as small as he actually feels.sex with taehyung was almost brutal.bending him over the wall, while thrusting into him mercilessly.choking, pulling at his hair, leaving nasty marks all over his body from holding tight, biting, sucking.jungkook used taehyung as his own personal punching bag.he made him choke on his dick with tears running down his cheeks.and taehyung just took it all.because he loved jungkook.and suddenly jungkook felt sick to his stomach. it brought back memories of himself.how he would do anything for yoongi, because he loved him.and it downed to him, that he's actually becoming him.jungkook pulled out his cock from taehyung's abused hole. red and angry.taehyung panted hard, the arm he placed on the wall was covering his eyes.jungkook pulled up his zipper and pressed his back against the wall, biting his lower lip and closing his eyes.the influence of the alcohol is coming down.taehyung chuckled, still panting. he looked at jungkook, forehead sweaty, hair all over the place.jungkook looked back."still unsatisfied, huh?"jungkook blinked."doesn't matter how many people you'll fuck, use, abuse... it won't ever make you feel satisfied enough. it won't make you feel bigger, stronger.because you're not him, you're not like him no matter how much your mind wants you to become him.the things you do... are only making things worse. for you.you're so much more than this, don't let yourself ruin you as much as he ruined you."jungkook started to hate himself as much as he hated yoongi. - jungkook opened the door to hoseok's house quietly.he was startled when he saw hoseok standing in the middle of the living room with a crying baby yoongi in his arms.hoseok was red.he was furious.jungkook closed the door behind him."are you out of your fucking mind, jungkook?! where have you been?! i've been trying to call you like a million times!!! i almost called the fucking police!" he was screaming, veins show on his forehead and neck.jungkook lowered his head in shame and leaned his shoulder against the wall.hoseok widened his eyes, "you're drunk"jungkook chuckled darkly, "like father like son" hoseok noticed the big maroon bruise he had on his neck."you left your one year old baby alone to get drunk and get fucked, do you even realize that? i found him crying on the floor when i got home. diaper full of shit, i don't even want to know how many hours he was alone, and fucking hungry. he could've hurt himself, jungkook. or died from hunger. anything. anything could've happened to him, he's not capable of being on his own. what the fuck were you thinking?!"jungkook looked at his son, and he just wanted to ground to swallow him whole.guilt taking over him.he hated himself.he hated himself.he hated himself.he loud a sob, covering his mouth with his hand, tears filling his eyes. "i don't know how to stop it"hoseok's face softened, "stop what?" "i don't know how to stop the pain" he cried loudly, covering his face with his hands and probing himself on the floor, breaking down.hoseok clicked his tongue and got on his knees in front the broken soul, brows furrow. "what you're doing isn't helping""i just- i just feel like i'm never going to be okay. that this is never going to stop. i feel like i'm going insane, i don't- i don't know what i'm doing.and now i almost killed my son, i- i feel like i don't deserve to live. my life is ruined and i ruin other people's lives. i'm a shit person, i'm a shit father, i'm a shit son-""stop it, jungkook"hoseok adjusted the baby in his arms while wiping a tear from jungkook's cheek with his thumb. "it's not you, you're better than this. you're broken, and it's understandable. but you're not alone now, and you need to think about yourself and about yoongi.i know that it seems like the weight of the world is on your shoulders, but he needs you more than anything.be the father you never had, and you'll find peace. because this kid," hoseok looked at yoongi and smiled when the baby smiled back, "has no one beside you.""he doesn't deserve me""you don't deserve the hate you're giving yourself""i don't deserve anything""only you can help yourself, jungkook. and you need to do it for him. you fucked up, but you have to stop this. don't let him win""he won a long time ago" jungkook cried into hoseok's shirt.hoseok closed his eyes and hugged jungkook tightly, yoongi still in his arms."i wish i could help you" hoseok whispered in his ear, caressing the younger's back."i wish i could help myself..."



Chapter End Notes
I'll have time tomorrow to answer any questions that you guys have! or just reply to your comments :3love yall <3AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS <3


Little By Little.



the next morning hoseok was getting ready for work quietly, he didn't want to wake jungkook up after what happened last night.he felt like he needed to rest.he put on his coat and was about to leave before the guest room's door suddenly open.he quickly turned around and saw jungkook holding baby yoongi in his arms."morning" jungkook smiled to him.hoseok was confused."morning..." hoseok got inside the house again and closed the door behind him.jungkook was fully dressed, holding his backpack with his free hand.he studied the boy, it looked like he had a good night sleep. he looked refreshed."someone slept well" hoseok crossed his arms.jungkook hummed, still wearing a smile on his face, "i have some good news"hoseok waited, eyebrow raised."remember when i told you about the hostel i used to go to after that day? kids of a daycare therapy hostel for abused teens, i know i'm not a teen anymore but i talked to my old therapist as soon as i woke up and she said she could give yoongi and i an apartment at the building for free, therapy is free as well"hoseok was taken aback."jungkook... i told you, you two can stay-", "i need it. i need to get help and start all over again if i want to be a good father to yoongi.you helped me a lot, and i can never thank you enough for that. but i need it, for myself and for yoongi"hoseok nodded in understanding. he smiled."i'm glad you decided to pull yourself together, kook. i was scared i lost you for a second there..."jungkook sighed, "i was scared i lost myself, too. but last night made me realize why i shouldn't let my depression win over me. having someone depending on you gives you a new perspective for life"hoseok hugged himself, "i'm going to miss having you two around""i'm going to miss this, too""it'll be weird not seeing you everyday"jungkook raised an eyebrow, "we'll both still go to work with you""you're coming back?""hell yeah. after practice i'm going straight to the hostel""today...?"jungkook chuckled, "yeah, let's go" - "i wasn't really happy to receive a call from you, jungkookie. as much as i missed you... i thought you were getting better"jungkook sat in front of mrs choi inside her office, memories from the age of seventeen coming back to him."a lot of things have happened" jungkook held baby yoongi on his lap."did your father tried to contact you?" the elderly woman crossed her fingers on top of the table and leaned forward.jungkook's breath hitched, "like i said, a lot of things have happened" and his eyes said everything."did he hurt you again?" "it's like i can't escape this hell""what do you want from this therapy? from your stay here? do you want to forget? or let everything out? or-""i want to my life back. i want to be able to raise my child without being a complete fuck up, i want to help myself not to become my father"the woman folded her arms and leaned back against her chair, "want to start by telling me what happened after i discharged you?"jungkook took a deep breath. -  "i was wondering where you were, mr min" jungkook was tired. after an early morning practice, a two hour long conversation with his old therapist, and now a meeting at mrs kwon... he felt exhausted.but he needed to do it.he needed to get his life together.last night was a wake up call, he needed to help himself. he needed to help himself so he can help his son."i had some issues, it's all good now"mr kwon studied him, "your son is no ordinary kid, sir. with little yoongi, you have to fully focus on his needs and wants, you can't fall into your own world.you're all he has, and he needs you. don't forget that."jungkook nodded, "i know. i know. i'll do anything."mr kwon smiled, "how about i'll give you some homework like school days? to refresh your memory a bit" ugh, school.why did you have to say 'anything', jungkook? - it was late at night.yoongi was especially quiet today, he fell asleep in his arms.the young man stood right before the huge building, leaning back against his car.he breathed fast, trying to calm his beating heart.he needed to do it.he needed to do it.he needed to do it.he inhaled loudly before walking towards the bodyguards."are you visiting someone?"jungkook nodded, not trusting his voice."name?""min jungkook""name of the person you're visiting?""min namjoon."



Every Step I Take, Leads to One Mistake.



jungkook's breath hitched when he saw namjoon on the other side of the glass.his older brother was followed by two cups, hands cuffed.he was facing one of them, as if asking something.the cop shrugged and looked at jungkook, signaling namjoon with a nod of a head.namjoon turned his head towards jungkook's direction and widened his eyes, body frozen.both of the cops uncuffed him and sat him on a chair in front of jungkook and stood at each side of him with their fingers crossed against their lower body, looking forward, only a small wall of glass separating them. jungkook held yoongi closer to him, as if searching for comfort from his one year old son.namjoon, still shocked, took the tube that was on his side with shaky hands and pressed it against his ear. jungkook took a deep breath and did the same."kook..."jungkook inhaled deeply and closed his eyes, hearing namjoon's voice made him realize what he was actually doing.he opened his eyes and stared at the man sitting in front of him."i missed you so much" jungkook wanted to say the same.a quiet "how are you?" came out instead.namjoon chuckled, "as good as i can be considering the situation i'm in..." he then looked down at yoongi and smiled, "god, he already grew up so much"jungkook followed namjoon's eyes and smiled too at his son, "yeah, they grow up in a blink of an eye"namjoon looked back at him, "is he doing alright?"jungkook nodded, still looking at yoongi with a sad smile, "we're working on it"he then dared to look at namjoon again."how are you?" namjoon asked back."i'm... fine" lies.namjoon knew."do you take your medicine?"jungkook nodded."do you... are you... still?"the raven haired cleared his throat and repositioned himself on the seat, looking down."i actually came here to talk to you about it"baby yoongi was playing with his father's hands, biting at the fingers lightly using his four teeth, his only four teeth. namjoon waited."i- we're not... like this anymore. and i wanted to tell you that i'm sorry"the older raised an eyebrow."i'm sorry for hating you after you tried to help me.i get it now. i understand why everyone was so against us.i understand why you did what you did.i may- i don't necessarily agree or accept what you did but... but i get it""what made you-""yoongi, my son. i realized... i realized that he doesn't love me the way i love my son and then it hit me, it hit me how wrong this was.i can never imagine myself doing to yoongi what he did to me, at such a young age, too... i was disgusted. i still am""the day i found out about you two was the day i promised myself that i would do anything to save you from him, even if it means you'd hate me""i did, at one point. it's funny, how i still loved him after everything he's done but i hated you while you tried to save me from him""who could blame you, really? your mind was never it its place when you were with him, you were under his spell""it's over now""and how are you, really?""it was a shock at first. everything i knew was a lie, so it wasn't an easy ride but... i'm getting there""i don't regret what i did, kook" namjoon suddenly said.jungkook sighed, "i do. i regret what you did because you ruined your own life""he ruined yours. and i couldn't stand there and watch that happen.""he was already out of my life, i was trying to get better. i was finally starting my own life, i was finally standing on two feet i-" the younger didn't even realize he was crying until he took a shaky breath, finding it hard to talk, "this would've been over if it wasn't for you, he would've never hurt me again""did he hurt you again?"jungkook sniffled sharply and perked up, "i meant when he cheated on me with jimin"namjoon wasn't stupid.he studied his younger brother before noticing the nasty hickey he had on his neck."when did it happen? what did you two stop?"jungkook frowned, and then remembered what he had on his neck.he shrieked and covered the maroon colored bruise."it's not him"namjoon scowled, "did you go back to fucking every woman you meet? is that how you move on?""i didn't come here to talk about my life, hyung, i just wanted to apologize""jungkook, you can't move on if you keep-", "it wasn't some random woman!" jungkook snapped."are you dating someone?""no.""jungkook.""i met with taehyung and i-", "what?" namjoon's voice became stern. serious. face unamused. angry, even."nothing, it was just one night."namjoon looked at him for a few seconds before opening his mouth."what did he do?"jungkook blinked, "to me?... well, that hickey for starters-""not taehyung. what did that man do to you to make you go back to look comfort at taehyung's?"jungkook's breath was caught in his throat.namjoon knew him to well."nothing, i was too emotional from the break up-""liar!" namjoon raised his voice and slammed his fist on the desk. "that fucker hurt you again, didn't he? i can see it in your eyes. you can't lie to me, jungkook. i've seen you in your worst"jungkook's heart ached. "i'm okay, hyung"namjoon hissed under his breath, face red out of rage. "i'm furious, yet not shocked at the same time. i knew it would happen again. once a monster, always a monster. i can't believe he did that to you again, i can't believe-""stop. stop.it was me, i'm the stupid one, i shouldn't have came back.i shouldn't have let him win.i shouldn't have made the same mistake again.but i did.and i will pay for it for the rest of my life""stop fucking blaming yourself for what the piece of shit has done and is doing to you,i should blame myself for doing that to you, again""i still blame you for that, too"namjoon closed his mouth."i- but it was my decision after all.you just gave me the dish, i didn't have to eat it.and i know the temptation was too high, but i was stronger than i am now.. and i still failed""you're still strong, you're so so strong, jungkookie...you always rise back after falling""so why does it feel like i'm always just keep on falling?""are you taking care of yourself?""i lived with hoseok hyung for a while, now i live in the compass house care again"namjoon's face fell."the one for teens who went through abuse from their family members?"jungkook nodded.and namjoon hated himself."i'm sorry..." he whispered and covered his mouth with his hand, eyes getting teary. "i'm so sorry i ruined you again. i'm so sorry for making it happen again... i just wanted to save you... but i just hurt you instead"jungkook closed his eyes, trying to control his tears this time, body shaking.he hugged yoongi."maybe i needed that.maybe i needed that final slap to come back to reality.to realize.maybe if i didn't happen, i would've forever wonder what if...would've always feel empty""you don't feel empty now?"jungkook sighed. "i don't know how i feel anymore, but i do know one thing...i'm free now"lies.lies.lies. "i just want you to be happy. i want to erase everything and for you to find peace""i will never find peace, and i will never be happy," namjoon let out a sob at that, trying to contain his emotions but failing miserably, jungkook's bottom lip trembled. "but-" he cried, tears coming out one by one, "but i have to pull myself together for my son. because if it wasn't for him i would've killed myself"namjoon wiped his tears, eyes bloated. "i wish i could take away your pain, i wish i could help you""you did, in a way.everything happens for a reason, i truly believe in that.what you did was fucked up, and i would probably never forgive you for that but- but i understand.and i thank you for that. and i hope that one day you could stop blaming yourself""i hope that one day you could stop blaming yourself too, jungkook.you're not the the bad guy in this story""there a lot of bad guys in my story""i'm sorry that i'm one of them"jungkook looked down."will we be okay, hyung?""us? i don't think so. but you, you can be okay, jungkook. you will be okay.you don't need me, or anyone in your life to make you believe in that."jungkook used to believe every word namjoon had ever told him.not anymore."i- i just needed a closure.""and did you get it?"jungkook shrugged.he still needed the void in his heart to be filled."i don't know"they stayed in a comfortable silent, looking at each other and saying so much with their eyes until their time was over.two brothers,two broken souls,two lives ruined by one man.different, yet the same pain."i hope you can forgive yourself one day, hyung""i hope you can forgive yourself one day too, kook"and even though it wasn't enough,it was too short,too rapid,too many unspoken words and thoughts,jungkook felt like he and namjoon had said everything they needed to say to each other.



Blown Apart.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"i went to visit namjoon hyung last night"hoseok turned off the phone he was holding his hands, sitting up from his previous position.he was lying by jungkook's legs on his bed, while jungkook had a laptop and a notebook beside him, reading and writing down the information about autism mr kwon gave him, baby yoongi on the other side of the bed playing with his legos.hoseok didn't even need to ask why jungkook texted him to ask if he can study at his place, they both needed each other's company without actually saying it out loud.hoseok turned his head sharply to look at the younger with a surprised expression."are you serious?"jungkook nodded."what- how- when-" hoseok was stuttering, too shocked to form a sentence. jungkook chuckled, "i thought it was time. i haven't talked to him since the whole mr kim thing...""i thought you didn't want to talk to him""i needed closure, he deserved an apology"hoseok was taken aback, "apology?""i know that what he did was wrong, and actually made things worse but... he did it to help me, to try to help me at least. after everything that happened with my father, i started to understand why hyung did what he did, as wrong as it was.he risked his life for me""he basically dedicated his life to you, which is what yoongi did but in a different way"jungkook frowned, "don't compare them""i'm sorry, but i just don't see how any of the things the people who claimed to be close to you did helped you in any way""like i said, it didn't. but i hated him for a long time for trying to save me from my father while keep loving my father after all the shit he's put me through. he didn't deserve it""who didn't deserve what? namjoon didn't deserve your hate or yoongi didn't deserve your love?""both."hoseok sighed, "sorry if i sound a bit bitter, i'm glad you're doing things on your own now, kook.i'm really proud of you for making a step forwards, and actually trying to help yourself.i trust you to do the right thing for yourself and for your son, i really do.how do you feel after the conversation?""i don't know how i feel these days, i think there are too many things that needs to be done for me to feel anything""like what?"jungkook didn't feel like talking about it.he pouted, "can you help me with this? autism is too hard"hoseok decided to drop it. jungkook will talk to him when he's ready.he took the laptop from the younger's lap and checked the screen.jungkook studied the man sitting in front of him."say, hyung. why did you quit psychology?" hoseok blinked and looked at jungkook, shoulder dropping."i finished my first year but i wanted to be with jimin more, i felt like i needed to take care of him""do you regret it? quitting something you loved for someone?""didn't you do the same?" hoseok smirked at him.jungkook frowned, "i was forced to leave your class, it wasn't my decision""you never came back""it brought back too many memories""same how psychology was for me""but you're helping me with it now""and you're dancing with me again"jungkook smiled."i'm glad i have you in my life, hyung"hoseok smiled brightly, "i'm glad, too" - jungkook hissed when the needle was inserted to his veins, hand turned into fist.he looked at his blood pouring into the tube in curiosity, nervous.the man in front of him quickly pulled the needle out and covered the injected area with sensitized cotton.the doctor turned around and and injected the fluid into another tube, handing it to another doctor that was in the room.when the other one left, the older man turned around to face jungkook and sat down on a chair in front of him, taking off his latex gloves."i'm going to ask you a few questions. is that alright, mr min?" the man looked at him and the looked at the computer screen next to him.jungkook didn't trust his voice, he just nodded."this is all confidential so you have nothing to worry about. your answers should only be yes or no, understood?"jungkook nodded again."have you had unprotected sex?"jungkook wanted to chuckle."yes."the doctor hummed and typed it on his computer."have you gotten a fever or a sore throat lately?"jungkook thought about it."i was cold a few weeks ago, nothing too serious, though"the doctor hummed again."you're twenty six, right?""yes""are you healthy most of the time? physically, that is""yes""any diseases?""no""do you usually feel tired?"all the fucking time."yes""do you usually get achy muscles? join pains?"jungkook shook his head."are you having a lot of headaches?" "yes""do you get skin rashes often?""no""diarrhea, nausea, vomiting... do these things happen to you often?""yes""are you losing or gaining weight?""no""did you use antibiotic lately that didn't help the sickness you were having at the time?""no""have you experienced a hard time breathing lately?""yes""are you getting night sweats?""yes""do you feel like your nails are changing? falling off, becoming yellow...""no""have you got yeast infection?""no""is it difficult to you to concentrate?" "yes""do you feel weak in your limbs a lot?""yes"jungkook was starting to sweat, he was saying yes too much."do you usually get herpes on your lips?""no""do you believe you have done something that might cause hiv?""... yes.""okay, mr min. i'll go get your results, please wait here"jungkook thought he was going to faint, heart beating fast.sweat dripping on his forehead.he started panicking.it only took five minutes for the doctor to come back but with his results but for jungkook it felt like hours.the doctor closed the door.jungkook's body was shaking. "you're clean, mr min"jungkook inhaled loudly, regaining his steady breathing."but it's my duty to warn you-" jungkook wasn't listening after that, the doctor kept talking but all jungkook wanted was to get the fuck out of there and live his life peacefully. after thanking the doctor, he walked out."next!" the doctor called.jungkook turned around and bumped into someone."oh, i'm sorr-" he froze when he realized who that was.



Chapter End Notes
youguysyouguysyouguysi won't be as busy til tuesday so i'll have time to reply to your comments <3


What Goes Around, Comes Around.
Chapter Notes
LMFAO I'M SORRY I FUCKED UP THE LAST CHAPTERfor those who're confusedjungkook/jimin/tae - 26namjoon/hoseok - 33yoongi - 49seokjin - 52the age gap is not based on reality thx



they just stood there, staring at each other.jungkook felt as if his soul left his body and he's looking at this scene from a different dimension. seeing yoongi after everything that has happened was like a slap in the face.the older look thinner, all skin and bones.dark bags under his eyes, it seemed like he hasn't slept in a week.jungkook assumed he probably hasn't. they both didn't dare to say a word.jungkook collected himself and made the first move to leave, fastening his steps.not looking back.yoongi closed his eyes and released a shaky breath, heart heavy in his chest."next, please!" the doctor called again and yoongi opened his eyes slowly and walked inside. - jungkook stormed inside hoseok's house.he couldn't find hoseok nor his son at the living room."we're here!" he heard the older's cheery voice from inside the kitchen.jungkook walked into the kitchen, his heart still beating fast in his ears.and it only gotten worse, witnessing the scene in front of him.his baby was sitting on the kitchen counter, rocking back and forth.hoseok was in front of him, preventing him from falling while cleaning blood from his own arm with a wet hand towel."what happened?!" jungkook widened his eyes and got closer to the two, looking at hoseok's wound."everything is fine""hyung, what the fuck happened?"hoseok sighed, "i should've known better. i hugged him, kids with... they don't like to be touched. he had an episode"jungkook frowned, "i always touch him, that never happened before""he also laughs and smiles with you, which is rare. the kid has an unusual connection with you, but not with other people, i suppose"jungkook's brows furrowed, "i'm sorry... does it hurt?""it's fine, kook," hoseok picked up his head and looked at him, smile gone. "are you crying?"jungkook touched his cheek and realized that he is crying.he quickly wiped his eyes with his fists."what's wrong?""nothing, nothing. i got scared" "hey," hoseok put his hand on jungkook's shoulder in comfort, "you're learning, i'm learning with you too, it's okay"jungkook bit his lower lip and looked at his son."thank you for taking care of him, and i'm so sorry he hurt you... we're gonna head... home" it was strange to call the compass housecare a home when it didn't feel like home. "it's no problem, i love having him here. you can drop him anytime when you need to," he studied the younger, "how did the test go? you look out of it""oh, i'm clean" jungkook tried to smile.hoseok didn't miss that, he hummed."thank you and sorry again, i'll see you tomorrow in class" jungkook picked baby yoongi up from the counter, the toddler instinctively wrapped his little arms around his dad's neck.they turned around."jungkook, is everything alright?"jungkook stopped and exhaled loudly."i saw him"hoseok's heart stopped."what...? did you visit him? are you out of your fucking mind? did he hurt you? jungkook i'm going to kill him-""no, no," jungkook turned around and shook his head in dismiss, "i saw him at the clinic, we didn't exchange a word... we looked at each other briefly and i ran out from there"hoseok's face fell."and how are you?"jungkook snickered sadly, "in a need for a talk with my therapist or else i'll find something else to make me forget.""you know, if he was locked up you wouldn't have to see him" "goodbye, hoseok hyung" his smile was sad, but real. - "well mr min, the results came out negative," the doctor skipped through his files, "but i don't like what i see"yoongi frowned, "excuse me?""the symptoms you mentioned, your overall look and the color and texture of your blood... i think you need to check that with a specialist doctor""specialist for what?"the man looked at him, "i think you should go counsel your doctor""what do you think i have, doctor?""i don't want to scare you, i just think you need to go through some tests""you're already scaring me. do you know how much time do i have to wait for an appointment? it's going to take weeks""can i ask you one question?"yoongi nodded."do consume or consumed alcohol above the average person?"yoongi's breath hitched."yes..."the doctor sighed, "i'll help you with your appointment, i'll get you an emergency appointment with a specialist we have in our clinic"  after yoongi told the specialist his symptoms, the doctor nodded throughout the conversation and wrote it all down.yoongi bit his lower lip and twiddles his thumbs."i'm going to add your name on some urgent test you'd have to go through today""what do you think i have?"the man raised his stare towards yoongi, face serious. "i don't want to say for sure, but from the symptoms it looks like you have liver cancer. and i want you to get all the test so we could find out if you do or not as quickly as possible"yoongi didn't even listen to the rest of the sentence, blank.blank.his mind was blank.



Truth is Hard to Swallow.



yoongi ran left and right, from tests to tests. still feeling completely numb.from x-rays, to ultrasounds, to bone scans.it was so urgent that his doctor managed to squeeze yoongi to an mri scan the next day, and a ct scan the day afterwards.no one really thinks that things like this could ever happen to them. but when it does, it feels like the world is crashing down on you."after the tests, the overall results will be here by the end of next week, i need you to-"yoongi couldn't follow up anymore, he stared at a spot on the man's face and blinked."-i will call you immediately when the results are here. make sure to go to the scans tomorrow and the day after, mr min. it's a serious matter" yoongi nodded dumbly, couldn't get a word out of his mouth."i hope i was wrong, mr min" the doctor looked at him sadly.yoongi hoped he was wrong, too."i have a feeling that you're not"  - "it was the first time you've seen him after what happened, right?" mrs choi folded her arms and leaned back against her chair, titling her head to the side.jungkook nodded, stealing a glance to his son sleeping peacefully in his stroller with his thumb inside his mouth."your reaction is completely normal, jungkook. of course it'd be a shock, it was a traumatizing experience. you shouldn't blame yourself or get angry at yourself for feeling things you can't control""i just don't want my mind to wander to destructional thoughts everytime he's mentioned, or everytime i see him or will see him in the future"the women hummed and nodded in understanding, "so that's what you're scared of. what kind of destructional thoughts do you have right now?""i really want to take a bottle of gin, a good amount of heroin to either smoke or inject, find some random bitch and fuck her to the next morning" jungkook answered bluntly, the woman didn't even blink at his response."and what will happen the next morning? would you feel better in the morning?" the question was rhetorical, jungkook knew.he froze."i will start hating myself again"mrs choi smirked, she already knew the answer, "so how about you push those destructional thoughts aside, and do something that would make you hate yourself a little bit less? i know it's easier said than done, but can you think of something that you do, or did lately, that made you happy?""meeting namjoon made one of the stones i feel in my heart disappear""do you feel a lot of stones in your heart?" "i do""do you think that if you keep getting closure with the people of your past, like your uncle, your ex wife or even the man you slept with a few nights ago... do you think it could help you? even a little bit? maybe you should focus on changing things for the better, and not focusing on the worst of the past"jungkook took a deep breath, just the thought of talking to any of the people she mentioned made jungkook panic.but maybe she was right.maybe."say, mrs choi...""mm?""are you disappointed in me? after all these years?"the woman was taken aback, blinking slowly in surprise and started at the younger in front of her.her face then softened, she showed a sad smile. "i think you're the bravest little fella i've ever met. with all the things you've been through, you still choose to get help and try to overcome the difficulties and turn your life for the better, even after so many falls - you never give up.i hurt for you, sweetheart, i really do. my hear aches for you all the time.and i know that since i'm a therapist i should be completely subjective but i can't, not when it comes to you.i've met a lot of young people who went through so much, and almost lost their capability to feel.but you... you're still so full of love to give, and you also crave love. you're still so full of emotions, and it's heart warming. i could never be any more proud, and could never be angrier at god. it's like you were made to protect the world, but he forgot to teach you how to protect yourself from the world.and i'm not supposed to say that, but i really just want you to be happy. you deserve to be happy, even though i know you don't think so"he doesn't.he also doesn't remember when the fuck he started crying. - jungkook bit his lower lip and knocked on the door in front of him again.maybe he's not home, jungkook thought and was about turn and leave fast, adjusting his son in his arms.the door suddenly opened, and jungkook gasped quietly.the two looked at each other before the door was almost slammed shut right at jungkook's face.jungkook quickly placed his foot between the door and the door step so the it wouldn't close.taehyung looked at him unamused."don't fucking slam the door at my face, i have a baby in my hands""what the fuck do you want, jungkook?"jungkook's face fell, shoulders dropping. "i want to talk""i don't" taehyung tried to close the door again but jungkook was stronger."please, tae..." jungkook pouted.taehyung squinted his eyes, "don't use your puppy eyes on me, i've seen your bad side already"jungkook sighed, "that's what i want to talk to you about, i want to apologize" taehyung studied him for a few seconds, groaning loudly and opening the door."don't make me regret this, jungkook"jungkook wanted to snap at him and remind him that what taehyung did to him was bad, too. but he decided to save it for later, maybe.he needed to fix his life now. he needed to fix himself.  



New Me.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"god, he grew up so much" taehyung smiled at baby yoongi and opened his arms wide.jungkook handed the baby to the man in front of him and smiled too.yoongi was always a perfect ice breaker, jungkook sought comfort in bringing yoongi with him everywhere he goes.taehyung cooed at the toddler in his arms, getting no reaction back.the hazel haired young man turned his head towards jungkook, smile long gone. "what did you want to talk about, jungkook?"jungkook sighed and stuffed his hands into the pockets of his coat, avoiding eye contact."i wanted to say that i am sorry for what i did to you, i really am. it was a dark time in my life and i know that it's not an excuse, but i felt hopeless and i needed to feel strong again... though it was the wrong way.i realized that what i did to you was exactly what my father did to jimin, and i don't want to be like him. i don't want to turn out like him."taehyung took a deep breath, features softening, "how are you?"jungkook inhaled sharply, "i don't know, i'm just trying to get my life back together""i figured that he hurt you again, and that you were looking for something to take your anger on and i was the perfect target. but it's not you, jungkook. you're not like that, not anymore""i know," jungkook nodded, "i know i'm not, i've been working on it. i came back to my old therapy household to live there for a while and get the therapy i needed.i take my medicine again and i met namjoon hyung, too. i'm trying-"taehyung widened his eyes, "you went to visit namjoon hyung?"jungkook hummed, "i think- i think that closure with the people of my past would help me move forward in life. i'm stuck and lost at the moment, and i can't be like this when i have a one year old baby who depends on me"taehyung sighed, "i'm sorry too, about my deal with namjoon hyung... about minyoung... i'm sorry, jungkook. we all wanted to make things right but we only made it worse for you. i had no right to be mad at you when i was the one at fault in the first place""it's in the past now, i'm trying not to blame myself and you should try it too. even though the way you did it was wrong, i still learned a lot from it.i think you and yoonah helped me a lot with the decision to leave him for good""i hope it's for good""believe me," jungkoo chuckled, "it took me more than a decade but i finally realized how wrong it really was, and i took it hard, but i'm learning how to lean on myself slowly. i always used to depend on him but now i'm learning how to be my own man. i was lost for a while, but i'm trying to find myself"taehyung smiled sadly, "i know that we will never get back to the way we used to be, but i want you to know that i forgive you and i hope you'll forgive me, too.i hope that you'll find happiness in your life, jungkook. you've been through too much"jungkook smiled shyly, "i work as a dance teacher now"taehyung gasped, "are you serious?!"it almost felt like jungkook and taehyung were best friends again, before life ruined them.they talked and talked until sunrise, catching up and reminiscing... they talked all night as if they will never do that again in the future.jungkook knew they probably won't. - "jungkook..." seokjin sounded surprised to say that least.he was shocked when he got a face time call from jungkook at this late hour, but he answered immediately. "hi, hyung. how are you?" jungkook was lying in his bed, yoongi's crib is right beside him."did something happen? is yoongi okay?"jungkook didn't know which yoongi seokjin was referring to, but he answered anyway."everyone's fine, hyung. i just wanted to talk""i thought you hated me..."jungkook sighed."i'm sorry, and i thank you. i'm sorry for getting mad at you even though you weren't apart of namjoon hyung's plan.i guess i was mad at you for lying to me about working with mr kim, but you didn't even know my relationship with that man at the time.i- i'm sorry for everything, hyung. and i thank you"seokjin was flattered, but still worried."is everything okay? is your father okay?"jungkook's breath hitched at the mention of yoongi."it's over, hyung. my senses finally came back to me and i understand everyone, now"seokjin frowned, "did you two end things?""yes, i'm starting my life anew"the older stared at jungkook through his phone screen, "is... is he okay?"jungkook shrugged."are you?"jungkook exhaled, "i'm working on it""i'm happy for you, jungkook. you deserve the best, you deserve so much more... i'm sorry for keeping secrets from you, i'm sorry that you had to go through what you went through. i hope you'll find peace now'"i will" jungkook smiled, seokjin smiled back.  - being in a female prison didn't feel different than the men's.but the nervousness he felt when he met his older brother, and the nervousness he has right now when yoonah is sitting in front of him on the other side of the glass, was different. yoonah was holding the tube in her shaky hand, looking at jungkook and waiting.jungkook picked up baby yoongi from his crib, waking him up.he sat him on his lap and yoonah started crying.she slid her hand down the glass wall separating them and looked at her son, tears running down his face."thank you for this..." she whispered."i need to thank you"she blinked and looked up at jungkook."what you said... that day at the lake... it made me end things with him"yoonah was taken aback."seeing how my love for our son, and his love for me was so different, made me open my eyes that were so closed for so many years. so i wanted to thank you for that"the woman smiled fondly, "like i said, kook, no one knows what you're going through better than i do. i always just wanted to help you. i know that what namjoon oppa and i did was wrong, but i don't regret doing that""i had a relapse again.""did he hurt you?"jungkook gulped, "he didn't take me breaking up with him very well, no""it will eat him til the day he dies. you need to get your life back together for yourself and for our son"jungkook bit his bottom lip and nodded, "i know, that's what i'm trying to do""it was hard for me too, ending things with my own father. i thought i could never escape him, i thought his love would haunt me forever, that i would never find real love and real happiness unless i'm with him - and when you realize it's fake, and it's all lies - it's hard. oh god, it's hard. but also an eye opening, a path to a new star with healthier life. you'll realize that once you get over it completely""and does it happen? will i ever get over it completely?" jungkook sounded like a frightened little boy, and yoonah's heart tightened at that."we will never forget our demons, because they're the ones who build us they way we are today.but what makes us more strong and independent, is the fact that we fought those demons. that we know that we can win over them.and we won, jungkook, we won"jungkook looked at the woman trapped in jail and he couldn't help but think that he never won, and he could never win. - "you can come live here again if you want, jungkook" they were both sitting on hoseok's couch facing one another."if you want me to leave you can say so" jungkook scowled.hoseok snorted, "you're always here, might as well stay"jungkook sighed loudly, "on one hand i want to fix my problems and get help but on the other hand, i just want to not think about it. i just want to focus on yoongi and forget about everything""for you to be able and capable to take care of your son, you need to take care of yourself first, and you're doing it greatly""what are you even talking about? i always rely on people""jungkook. you took yourself together, you went to live at a place that could help you with your mental state and you decided it all by yourself. you came back to dancing and you're a great teacher, and it's all because of your own wants and your own skills.you went to talk to taehyung, yoonah and namjoon - and all of it was your idea. you're doing everything you can to help yourself so you could be a better father for your son, you're doing everything to prove yourself that you deserve to be happy"jungkook looked down, embarrassed. "i guess so..."hoseok snickered and squeezed the younger's thigh, "i'm proud of you, kook""why do i still feel empty?""it'll take time, it might take long. but you're going to be okay, jungkook. if you keep up with what you're doing... you're going to be okay. and i will always be here for you"hoseok's hand stayed on jungkook's thigh and jungkook looked at it. he looked up at hoseok who looked back at him.jungkook was smarter than he made himself seem."did you want me to prove myself that i don't need anyone to rely on in my life? is that why you didn't return a kiss that day?"hoseok widened his eyes, "what are you talking about?""you always talk about how i can do things on my own, without having anyone to depend on like i did every single time i was alone and confused and hurt.i asked if that's the reason you didn't want to start anything with me""there are people in your life who don't want a romantic relationship with you""i don't think you're one of them, hyung"hoseok got up from the couch, "it's late""you do want me.""how about you figure your own life first? how about you fill the void in your heart without having it be a man or a woman to fill it for you? you need to find your own happiness before finding someone to be happy with.you need to love yourself before you can love someone else"jungkook smirked, "you do want me"hoseok blushed furiously, "i'm going to bed, are you staying the night?"jungkook wiggled his eyebrows, "do you want me to stay the night, hyung?~""go to hell, i'm going to sleep, we have an early class in the morning"jungkook stayed laughing on the couch while hoseok dragged himself to his room in shame.



Chapter End Notes
HI GUYS HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!first ep of 2018 :3I want to ask you some questions about my story because I'm interested in your replies!p.s - the entire story was already written beforehand, not a thing that you answer will affect the continuous of the story.1. how did you find my story?2. what's your favorite part?3. who's your favorite character and why?4. who's your least favorite character and why?5. what do you like the most about the story?6. have you ever had a moment when you thought about quitting the story? if so, then why?7. do you have any constructive criticism to give? 8. did you ever recommend this story to a friend?9. has this story ever made you cry for real/laugh out loud? if so, why?10. do you want yoongi and jungkook to end up together? if not, who do you want jungkook to end up with? or do you want jungkook to be on his own with his son?again, none of this answers will affect the rest of the story since it's already finished!just some questions about my story to open the year with, want to hear your opinions.hope you had a good night celebrating the end of 2017 and the beginning of 2018 <3


Enemies and Miracles.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"you look like shit" seokjin chewed on his instant ramen noodle cup he was holding in his hand, staring at yoongi across the screen of his computer.yoongi chuckled tiredly and leaned back against the bed, laptop placed on his lap. "your compliments are always so heart warming" seokjin frowned and gulped down the food, "no seriously yoongs, are you taking care of yourself?""stop worrying, hyung. i'm fine"seokjin put the cup of ramen away and cleared his throat, folding his fingers. "jungkook called me the other day"yoongi's entire body froze at the mention of the name, he looked at his brother through the screen and waited."he told me you two...""yeah..." seokjin didn't even need to continue."what did you do?"yoongi perked up at that, heart beating faster. "what makes you think i did something?""did you hurt him?""did he tell you why he ended things?""so he initiated it? what happened?"so yoongi told seokjin everything that happened the day that jungkook broke up with him. seokjin nodded throughout the story, "can't say i'm not happy that happened, i'm glad his son made him realize how wrong your relationship really was""i'm hanging up.""did you start drinking again?""what do you think?""you didn't answer my question"yoongi growled, "yes, hyung. i started drinking again, i don't know how to help myself without him around""go to fucking therapy again, you're just going in circles your entire life. drinking, fucking up jungkook's life, drinking again...""i don't want to get help. i have nothing to be sober for anymore""yoongi, you were fine before jungkook came back into your life again, you were getting better. you can do it again""no, not now when i know what i've been missing, not now when i know what it's like to actually be with him as a man, as a life partner.we had a legitimate relationship, hyung. we were happy and in love against all odds without him being a clueless and innocent teenager and without me being an abusive alcoholic piece of shit, and now i don't have that anymore""i warned you. i told you that it wasn't love that he was feeling for you, it was dependency and obsession since you were all he's ever known after ruining the perspective he has for normative relationships with people in general, be it romantic or not""what can i do now? i have the same dependency, the same obsession...""you can get better""i can't, not anymore"seokjin pressed his lips into a line, "i ask you again, did you hurt him?"yoongi started at the screen for a long time before finally answering with a quiet, "yes""piece of shit..." seokjin hissed through his teeth, eyes turning dark, "you can ruin your fucking like however the fuck you want, why ruin his? you're the one who's in pain, not him. you need to swallow the pain, not take it out on him, you monster.it's like you never learn, i should let you rot to death or fucking kill you or-""i have liver cancer"seokjin blinked, "if this is your way to make me forgive you for what you've done you-""no, hyung, i'm serious""this is petty, yoongi. you can't lie about something like that to prevent me from killing you""i got my results today"seokjin's shoulders visibly dropped, eyes wide."this isn't funny, yoongi.""i don't find this funny, either"they looked at each other through the screen for a few seconds before seokjin let out a loud sob and covered his mouth with his hand.yoongi clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, "don't be dramatic""how bad is it?"yoongi shrugged, "they said five to ten years max, give or take"seokjin took a deep inhale and collected himself, "okay, i'll get a flight back first thing in the morning-""no, you're not.""shut the fuck up, i didn't ask you""you're not coming over because of this, i have a lot more years to live, you'll see me again""do you need to get a liver transplant?" seokjin wiped the tears from his eyes.he was furious at yoongi, but he couldn't explain in words the brotherly connection they had."it's a tumor, i need to get it removed" he decided not to tell seokjin it was several tumors that needed to be removed."jesus christ..." the older had his elbows on the table he was sitting across, hands covering his face."i got what i deserve""stop...""am i wrong?"seokjin sighed and removed his hands, he looked at his baby brother. "i don't want you to go through this alone""you should hate me now""i do, but i also don't want you to die on me""you just said you wanted to kill me" yoongi smirked.seokjin pouted, "it's different. if i kill you i'll be the one to decide when you're dead, i don't want god or disease to decide that for me."yoongi smiled sadly, "maybe now i'll get my epiphany like jungkook got his""does he know?""no. and he's not going to" yoongi's voice was daring."do you need money?""no""did it spread?""yes."seokjin tried to stop himself from breaking down."what about chemo?" his voice sounded shaky."they told me chemo doesn't really help for cancer liver, so i decided not to do that.""are you fucking serious, yoongi? what if it does help? there's always this chance. you need to do anything to feel better""and lose my fucking hair? feeling like an eighty year old in a body of a fifty year old? i don't want that, thank you""when's the surgery?""in two days""god... yoongi... i don't want you to be alone in this""i don't want you to come""you can't ask me that" tears running through his cheeks."i can and i am""promise me you'll take care of yourself, yoongi...""i will""i will call you everyday to make sure that you're fine"yoongi snorted, "okay, hyung"seokjin looked at yoongi a few seconds before yoongi snapped, "stop looking at me""you're a stupid little shit, and you're a horrible person, but i love you, okay?"it actually warmed yoongi's heart, despite the harsh words. seokjin was the only person he had in this world at the moment "i love you too."when the call ended, yoongi took a big sip from the bottle of soju lying beside him on the bed. -  "hyung~"hoseok groaned at the annoying voice behind him."jungkook, i will smack you in the face, i swear to god"jungkook sneaked his hands behind hoseok and hugged him, leaning his head on the older's back with a big smile on his face."hyungie~"hoseok stopped washing the dishes, he turned off the water and growled, turning around in the younger's hands and shook his hands so it would spray water on jungkook's face.jungkook squealed and backed away quickly with a pout."you're very annoying"jungkook's pout disappeared in a second, a small smile returning."you still want me even though i'm annoying""i don't want you, i already told you that. it's not my fault you can't handle someone not wanting you"jungkook chuckled, eyes changing.he pressed hoseok to the kitchen counter behind the older, pressing their bodies closer, placing his hands on the counter at each side of hoseok's body, almost locking him in place.he looked up at the older, "liar"hoseok gulped and tried to move jungkook away, but jungkook didn't let the man move."jungkook..." hoseok breathed out in frustration."mm?" the younger looked at him innocently."i don't want you to think that you need love, or someone to spend your time with to make yourself happy. to fill the void you have in your heart.you spent your entire life with someone who manipulated you to believe that your twisted relationship was how love was supposed to be.you spent your entire life with someone who showed you that sex and obsessive dependency was the only thing that can fix your inner issues.i don't want you to seek comfort in something like that again, i don't want you to think that you're only good for your looks or body.i want you to be able to love yourself and focus on your son before you develop any serious relationship with anyone, i don't believe you're really ready for this yet. you still need time, you still need to figure out who you are without him. jumping into a new relationship with a new person will make you forget about taking care of yourself because you'll want to take care of that person.you're such a great guy, kook, you deserve so much more than you were given your entire life, and you need to understand that.i'm proud of you for making huge steps, but you're only at the beginning, you have a long way to go."jungkook just stared at him, dumbfounded."i think i know how to fill the void in my heart"hoseok blinked, "did you not hear a word i just said?"jungkook shook his head, "no, not a relationship... i- i think i know what i need to do to finally let go""what?""thank you so much, hyung" jungkook suddenly hugged him, making the older groan but return the hug."what just happened?"when they parted, jungkook looked at him again and licked his lips nervously."just tell me one thing before i go""go where?""do you want me?"they started at each other intensely, faces millimeters from one another. hoseok smiled cheekily, "i'll watch yoongi for you" he pushed jungkook away gently and walked out of the kitchen.jungkook closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to calm down his heartbeats.  - it was dark, late at night.yoongi was lying at the grass beside sunjung's grave, looking at the stars while holding a bottle of soju in his hands.he felt like he was suffocating alone at his empty house, he needed fresh air.he came to the only person he can talk to that won't judge him.he told her everything, and wondered if she hated him as much as he hated himself. "i knew you'd be here..."yoongi startled and gasped, sitting up and looking at the person in front of him."jungkook..."



Chapter End Notes
I wanted to thank you guys for answering my questions! I've read every single one of your answers, and I appreciate it a lot and always overwhelmed with the love and support I get from you.and I also wanted to address one thing that's been bothering me for a while now while reading some of the comments here.I know that my story is very controversial and hard to digest at some parts, a taboo topic that has barely ever been written in a realistic way in this fandom before.so with every controversial topic, there are a lot of opinions, extreme or subtle as they may be.people are allowed to have their own opinion on every matter, and they shouldn't be judged for that.especially not here, in a community that encourages us to express our deepest of thoughts.like I replied to one of the comments on the previous chapter, I do understand where each and one of you are coming from with every opinion you write down.even though this particular fanfic is fictional, it is not made up story. things like that do happen in real life, unfortunately. and I do understand the people who say YoonKook's relationship in this is wrong and shouldn't be supported, since I've been trying my hardest to remind everyone how outrageous and not right their relationship really is.but I also understand where people who do want YoonKook to end up together are coming from.as I writer, I believe we have to understand our readers even if in real life we don't necessarily agree with their opinions.as for Demons and Butterflies' YoonKook's supporters, I believe it's more the relatability of the characters than just supporting them since they've been a long time real life shippers.when stories like this come out on the news in real life, you barely hear the other side of the story. you barely hear the side of the "bad guy", so I think my story portrayed Yoongi as a vulnerable, relatable, messes up bad guy who truly loves his son in a twisted way. kind of like a relatable villain in a movie. and the story IS mostly a YoonKook focused story so you can't expect people to stay numb to their relationship/past relationship and not feel anything at all.on the other hand, there is no doubt that their relationship is tainted and and corrupted for both parties, and comparing what Yoongi did to Jungkook, to what Taehyung or other characters in this story did to Jungkook is wrong since none of them were as bad as what Yoongi made Jungkook go through his entire life, so you can't blame people for being happy that Jungkook finally came back to his senses and left him, and that people do not support their relationship one bit.at the end of the day, what I want to say is that I hope people will stop throwing shade at one another for their opinions. it's a sensitive subject, but since it is fictional everyone is allowed to say their opinions aloud without being judged, I don't want people to be afraid to comment something because they're worried they're gonna be attacked or shaded. your comments mean everything, and other people may have different opinions than you but at the end of the day you all come here to enjoy this story so let's not make this uncomfortable for anyone here, shall we? ;3love you all!!! hope you all had a fun in New Year's Eve, and I hope you all have a wonderful year!let's hope for more success and more music from our precious 7 boys in 2018 <3


Free Yourself.



"hey..." jungkook carefully sat beside yoongi on the grass.yoongi was still in utter shock, he couldn't believe this was happening. "hey..." how much did he drink to imagine jungkook right in front of him?when jungkook finally looked at him, he realized it was far from his imagination.even in his drunken mind he could tell it was real.he could feel his heart almost coming out of its place.jungkook looked down at the bottle of soju yoongi tried oh so miserably to hide and chuckled."still drinking, i see"yoongi looked down in shame.they sat there in silence for a few minutes before jungkook opened his mouth, looking up at the moon."i visited namjoon hyung"yoongi picked up his head and stared at jungkook wide eyed, waiting for him to continue."i told him that i forgive him, and that i am thankful"yoongi snickered, "you probably wished he would've killed me"jungkook looked back at yoongi, turning his head towards the older. "it's okay, i wish he would've killed me too"jungkook hated himself for feeling bad for the other, he hated how his heart ached at his words."seeing him locked up in jail made me realize that... god, you really did fuck us both up"yoongi closed his eyes and released a shaky breath.another silence."i also visited yoonah... and met with taehyung... and talked to seokjin hyung...""why are you telling me this, jungkook? why are you here?""i want you to know that i've been trying to get my life back together. i want you to know that even though you made go through hell, i still stand on my own two feet. that even though you corrupted the way i look at life, i still try to glue my pieces back together. i want you to know that i'm strong, that you didn't break me yet" the look jungkook had in his eyes almost made yoongi scared."i'm happy for you, jungkook. i really am. i'm proud of you, but what else do you want me to say? that you inspire me to do the same? you were hurt, but i was the one who hurt you and i can never forgive myself for that, and the only reason i'm still alive right now is because i believe living with this guilt eating me alive is my punishment. i'm not as strong as you and i never will be""i hope you can forgive me though"yoongi frowned, "what are you talking about?"jungkook chuckled and looked at the sky again, "god, i'm so glad no one else is here to hear what i say... they'd probably beat the shit out of me"yoongi waited, brows furrowed."what you did... showed me that you'll never change. like namjoon hyung said, once a monster always a monster but- i kinda understand where you were coming from? i mean, we were in this together. we were in this twisted on and off relationship together, we were always together against the world and i left you to deal with the world alone. it's like we were in our own bubble, as wrong as our relationship was, and i popped the bubble without you wanting it.you were right when you said we used to be in love and even though i'm not anymore, you are. and you are in love alone, you are in this bubble alone...after so many years apart, seven years of rebuilding ourselves only to ruin it by getting back together in this unending obsession for one another... it must've been hard for you.we fought so hard to make it to the point where we can finally be together as peacefully as we could've been, and i ended it.i'm sorry, i'm sorry i made you go back to your old days""you have nothing to be sorry for. everything you said that day was true, but i thought we were both aware of that.i never thought for a second that you didn't, i never thought for a second that it will come to this.but that was because i was selfish, i always was. i never realized nor asked how you view our relationship, i should've done it sooner before either one of us would get hurt.how can you even be sorry for the way i reacted? why the fuck do you keep forgiving me?""i don't. i never said i forgave you, i'm just saying that i understand. we were messed up together, and i left you to be messed up on your own, so you reacted how a messed up person would react"yoongi smirked sadly, "you know, everyone keeps thinking that you're the weakest one in this, that you have this unhealthy obsession over me but- i'm so much weaker than you. look at you, starting a new life without me while i keep falling and falling without you""as twisted as it sounds, i think you hurting me helped me to move on so much quicker than i thought.i was lost for a while, but then i realized that you're the miserable shit that doesn't know what to do beside hurting the ones he claims to love and that i can change myself for the better while you can never do that. i didn't want to let you win""i was never even close to winning in the first place""maybe that was what angered you. that i realized it first""i always knew that. i always knew and understood the risks and wrongs of us being together, i just loved you enough not to care about it"jungkook was almost offended at yoongi belittling the love he had towards the older.but jungkook knew it was more dependency and manipulation then actual, pure love."i guess i was stronger""you were always stronger""yet you still hurt me"yoongi took a deep breath, "i felt like i don't even deserve to ask you that but...""why i let you hurt me? that's what you wanted to ask?""you could've-""pushed you? hit you? ran away?"yoongi nodded."i think, at the back of my mind, i still see you as superior. i still see you as the dominant one, it's scarred in my mind.i felt like i was seventeen again, at your mercy again.i felt like you will always be stronger than me, doesn't matter if i'm physically fitter than you. when i was with you, i always felt littleand maybe i also felt like i deserved it, because that's what you made me believe when i was younger""you know you don't deserve anything i ever did to you, right?""i do now. i know that now"they sat in complete silence, cars passing by could be heard from afar. "are you taking care of yourself?""you can say that" yoongi took a sip from his bottle.jungkook looked at the scene in front of him, and he suddenly felt free.he doesn't need to come home to this.he doesn't need to see this anymore.he doesn't need to watch what happens after.not anymore.the void in his heart was finally gone.jungkook smiled.yoongi quirked an eyebrow in confusion, "what are you smiling about?"jungkook shook his head, smile still present. "i'm just happy"yoongi smiled a sad smile back, "i'm glad" they looked at each other and both chuckled."does he make you happy?""who?""hoseok""not that this is any of your business but we're not..."yoongi blinked, "i thought you two lived together""he doesn't want me"yoongi scrunched his face, "please..."jungkook snorted, "i'm serious. he says i need more time to heal myself, something about how i should love myself before getting into a serious relationship after everything i've been through, how i need to take care of yoongi before i start anything serious""and do you... want him?"jungkook laughed, "god, this is so weird talking about this with you. i don't know, maybe. i do, should i?"yoongi widened his eyes, "are you asking me if you should try something with someone else?"jungkook looked at him, "yeah"and yoongi couldn't help but think that in this moment jungkook looked like a kid asking his father for advice.yoongi ignored the knife in his heart and sighed, "i think he's right. i think you need more time before you start anything, i think you need to figure out if you actually want him for who he is or you just want to feel secure because he's been your support all this time. i don't think you're really mentally ready for a romantic relationship right now, you need to focus on yourself and your son.but... he is a nice guy. and he takes care of you. so if you still feel the same way in the future then... yeah, i think he'd be good for you"they looked at each other, stare meaningful. eyes that say everything."will you be okay?""with you two being together?""in general.""probably not, but i don't really deserve to be okay""i thought so about myself too, but i think everyone deserves to be okay. even you""i think it's too late for me""maybe you need an epiphany, like i had"yoongi was suddenly reminded of his cancer, "maybe i do" jungkook sighed loudly and was about to get up, "i'll head off""so that's it?" yoongi asked before he could even think about what he was saying.jungkook got up and looked at yoongi in confusion. "what?""i'm never going to see you again?"jungkook frowned, "what did you expect? for us to meet every week to talk about our feelings? you're the reason for every bad thing that has ever happened to me, you ruined the life that i'm now trying to get back. i needed this closure for myself, i can be selfish too"yoongi smirked, even though on the inside he felt like he was dying. "fair enough"jungkook growled and stretched out his hand for yoongi to hold onto.yoongi suddenly felt lightweighted, head throbbing and entire body hurting. he knew it wasn't from the alcohol.he reached for jungkook's hand and was pulled by the younger helping him to stand up. he groaned in pain.jungkook frowned, "are you okay?""yeah, yeah...""want me to drive you home?""no, i think i'll stay here for a little while... talk to your mom a bit..."jungkook looked at his mom's grave and then looked back at yoongi."tell her i said hi" he joked."i will" yoongi joked back.only the joke meant a lot more for him than he intended to. "i'm gonna go..."yoongi nodded dumbly, feeling a lump in his throat. don't go,don't leave me, he wanted to say.be he didn't deserve to say that to him.not anymore."goodbye, jungkook""goodbye, dad"at that, yoongi couldn't hold back his tears anymore.jungkook was gone, and he was left alone.



You Got the Best of Me.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




yoongi stared at the ceiling, feeling numb.the day prior he spoke to his surgeon to help him understand the treatment better.the latter explained yoongi what will the surgery involve, the risks, expected outcome and the time of the healing.when he was asked about addictions or other diseases, yoongi told him the truth about his alcohol addiction, and the young man explained to him how it can affect his reaction to pain medicine or anesthesia.yoongi couldn't care less.when the surgeon asked if yoongi has any questions or concerns, yoongi took a deep breath."what are my chances?"the surgeon sighed and look down at his papers, and yoongi already knew the answer before he could open his mouth."let's stay positive, mr min. we will do anything to help you get through this"he knew there was no chance for him to get rid of it.the man asked him to sign a form which included questions about yoongi's medical history and current health.this morning, yoongi came to the hospital to get another blood and urine test with nothing but his clothes on, the nurse was making sure he hasn't eaten nor drank before his upcoming surgery.they checked his temperature, blood pressure, heart rate and oxygen level - and yoongi couldn't believe he was going through this. but he deserved it. when they asked him two days prior if he has anyone to take him home or take care of him, he said he didn't, so they told him he could stay at the hospital until he feels he can take care of himself.the nurse explained to him yet again what will happen, trying to reassure yoongi to stay calm. yoongi felt as if it was an out of body experience, like this wasn't happening to him.a few hours later and yoongi was dressed in a hospital gown, lying on the hospital bed, filled with relaxing pills, antibiotics and fluids inserted in his vein."are you ready, mr min? we will bring you to the surgery room now"yoongi nodded, not trusting his voice.his heart was beating in his ears."wait!" yoongi turned his head quickly to the sound of the voice.he rolled his eyes at the figure running towards him."i told you not to come""shut the fuck up" seokjin hugged him tightly."you're heavy" yoongi grunted."i would've never let you go through this alone""and you are...?""his brother" seokjin replied to the nurse.the nurse smiled, "you have someone to take care of you after all""i can't stay for long, i have a meeting tomorrow morning that i couldn't cancel no matter how hard i tried, I have a flight back at night...""it's okay, jin...""it really is, he will stay here until we can see he can take care of himself" the nurse smiled at the older but it didn't calm seokjin at all."are you going in right now?"yoongi hummed."i love you, you're going to be alright, okay?" yoongi rolled his eyes again at his brother's tears."saying that while crying isn't really believable""i worry about you, you dick head"yoongi looked at him and smiled fondly, "thank you""don't die on me" seokjin said with a laugh mixed with a sob.yoongi released a deep breath, "i'll try" - jungkook was lying on hoseok's bed on his stomach, focusing hard on what was written on the screen of his laptop in front of him.freshly showered, hair damp. baby yoongi was sitting on his back, drawing circles on the older's back with his fingers.hoseok got out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist and another one which he ruffled his wet hair with.he looked at jungkook, "are you studying about autism here again?"jungkook hummed, brows furrowed.hoseok chuckled and opened his closet to search for clothes, "i thought you're gonna blabber about today's class""i wanted to, but when you went to take a shower i tried to distract myself from storming in and tell you about how amazing it was today teaching them without your help but then i caught up in this""don't you have a home?"jungkook finally took his eyes off the screen and glared at him, "first of all no, second of all-", "i'm joking, kook. you can hang out here how much you want, i told you you can even move back in""i'm looking for an apartment actually"hoseok put on a shirt he found in his closet and turned around to look at jungkook, "seriously?"jungkook hummed and shut off his laptop, "can you get him off of me, please? i want to turn around"hoseok crawled over the bed and picked baby yoongi up from his dad's back into his hands, cooing at the boy, already used to not get any reaction from him.jungkook groaned and turned around, reaching out for his baby.hoseok handed the toddler back to jungkook's embrace and the younger sat yoongi down on his stomach."as i was saying, i feel like i'm ready to move out"hoseok frowned, "that's a little bit too early, don't you think? mrs choi helps you a lot""my medicine help a lot, too. yoongi as well""when did you start searching?" hoseok crossed his arms."last night""when you got home after whatever you needed to do?"jungkook looked at him."what did you do? where did you go?"jungkook raised an eyebrow.hoseok cleared his throat, "i'm sorry, i didn't mean for it to sound that way... i just- what made you get to this serious decision?""don't freak out""now i am freaking out""i went to meet him"hoseok stayed quiet, almost not believing what he was hearing."come again?""we talked"hoseok tried to stay calm, he really did."i needed that, you're not going to understand"hoseok's softened, shoulders dropping, hands falling to his sides.jungkook was right, hoseok will never understand.the twisted connection jungkook and his father had was not a thing one could comprehend. "did it help?""a lot. it just made me realize i'm actually free, that i don't have to go through any of his shit anymore but also make things better for us two so i wouldn't have to live with the burden anymore, and that made me happy. letting out all my thoughts and anger and apologies and... just everything, it made me happy.i actually felt happy"hoseok sat on the bed and smiled at jungkook, "i'm proud you, kook""i'm proud of myself, too. and i know that you're worried, but i don't want to have to explain myself when it comes to him anymore.this is between him and i, because we are the only ones who can understand. i don't think i'll ever meet nor talk to him again, but i had to finish our story. i had to end it in a good way""i get it, in a way""we also talked about you" jungkook smirked.hoseok widened his eyes."he asked me if we were together, i told him that you don't want me and he didn't believe me at first," jungkook chuckled, hoseok rolled his eyes, "i told him about you telling me about how i'm not ready for a relationship right now... he told me that you're right. he told me to try figure out if i want you for who you really are or if i just want the support that you've given me when i was at my worst""i'm curious about that, too" hoseok intended to say it so quietly that jungkook missed it."i think you're both right, maybe it's not the right time.maybe i need you as a close friend right now"hoseok released a breath he didn't even know he was holding.he laid next to jungkook, looking at the toddler sitting on the other's stomach."but i don't think i want you just because you took care of me," jungkook continued, "you're a great person, funny, good looking... and i also love how you take care of my son... is that weird?" jungkook turned his head to look at hoseok, their faces were so close hoseok felt dizzy."there are legitimate relationships based on things like that, jungkook. comfort, convenience, getting used to one another... as long as it's consensual and not based on over-reliability, i think it's okay""so why is it wrong when i want you because you take care of me well?""first of all, that's not all that's wrong with you wanting me right now. like i said, you've been through a lot and you need to get better to know what you really want.second of all, this is reliability. and i've been in this kind of relationship before with jimin, and it wasn't allcrainbows and sunshines""no relationship is""you can teach me about it" hoseok snorted.jungkook chuckled."look," hoseok continued, "when you get a hold of your life, get an apartment and get yoongi to nursery school, know everything you need to know about autism, get to the point you don't need mrs choi anymore, if you still feel this way after all that - we can try. i just don't want us to make a mistake, i don't want to lose you"jungkook widened his eyes, "you do want me"hoseok smirked, "you caught me"jungkook smirked back, heart beating faster.they looked at each other for a few moments before getting startled when someone knocked on hoseok's door.hoseok growled at the interruption, he got out of the bed, jungkook following behind him with baby yoongi in his arms.hoseok opened the door and froze, eyes almost popping out of his head."what are you doing here?""what is he doing here?" the person at the door asked.jungkook froze as well, expression shocked, then angry. "what the fuck are you doing here?"



Chapter End Notes
lol for anyone who asked when is this part going to endNOT ANYTIME SOON MUHAHAthis is the absolute last part, I wanted everything to be sorted outand I also lovedlovedloved writing this story I didn't want it to endso I got carried away >:3


A Thin Line Between Heaven and Hell.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




hoseok turned his head to the man at his door, "what are you doing here, jimin?"jimin and jungkook still stared at each other for a moment before jimin diverted his gaze towards hoseok, "i wanted to talk to you""i'm leaving" jungkook declared and made his way to the door, jimin moved."jungkook..." hoseok's face fell."i'll call you later" the youngest bumped his shoulder into jimin's, pushing him slightly, and then he was gone.hoseok sighed, "come in" they were both sitting on hoseok's couch, jimin hold the cup of tea hoseok made him with both hands, face down."what are you doing here?" the older asked again, looking at jimin."i know you probably hate me, but i needed a place to stay for a couple of days until i find a new place to-""to hide"jimin picked up his stare and looked back at hoseok, he chuckled darkly, "did he tell you everything?"hoseok ignored his question, "how long are you going to keep living like this?""can you imaging me in jail?""maybe they'll go easy on you...""they won't. look at namjoon...""namjoon was the mastermind behind all of it, you can't compare your situation to his""i can't risk it""i think it's worse living your life running away all the time, jumping from place to place in fear""i know, but i'm scared""maybe they'll consider your autism, too?""as long as i can function properly on a daily basis and make decisions with my mind clear, they won't""how would they know?""lie detector, they did the same with namjoon hyung, minyoung noona and yoonah noona" hoseok clicked his tongue and shook his head in disbelief, "how did you get yourself involved in this, jimin?"jimin placed his tea on the tea table in front of him and covered his face with his hands, shaking his head, "i don't know...i don't know.i was so mad at him for murdering my father, i don't know how it happened""yet you slept with him" hoseok spat bitterly.jimin took a deep breath and straightened his back, looking at hoseok with a fierce glare, "don't fucking turn this on me"hoseok froze."don't. don't make me the bad guy in this, everyone already thinks i'm the bad one. everyone fucking hates me.jungkook hates me,taehyung can't even look at me,yoongi can't stand me,namjoon is disappointed at me, seokjin hasn't tried to reach for me ever since,everyone blames me""not everyone can keep on forgiving you everytime you fuck up""i've forgiven you everytime you fucked up," hoseok's breath was caught in his throat, "did you tell jungkook everything? or did you only tell him that i cheated on you with his father? did you put all the blame on me because it was easy for you?"hoseok kept quiet."did you tell him how you used to ignore me when you got home after practice? shower and go to sleep? or the nights when you came back home tired and angry from practice and would fuck me and won't talk to me the next morning? how you would blame me for the fights i had with my parents? you treated me like a fucking piece of shit, hoseok. what did you expect? you didn't want to break up because i was an easy target to let your anger out on. you didn't let me make any decisions of my own because you didn't trust me, because i was 'useless' as you would say. did you tell that to jungkook, as well?i fucked up, i fucked up big time when i did what i did with yoongi but... he took care of me when he didn't even have to while you took me for granted""so that's the reason? you'd go and fuck everyone who takes care of you well?"jimin was taken aback, "did you not listen to a word i just said? you emotionally abused me for a decade! i didn't get love from my parents, and i didn't get love from you, either"hoseok closed his eyes, tried to even his breathing."i know, i know that you were stressed. having your own business is not easy, being your own boss is hard, i know.i remember the nights you used to come home and cry all night because it was too much for you, i remember you wanting to quit everything.but you forgot about me on the way. i was always there for you so you took advantage of that and you used me.and when i lived with him, i just... i was used to it. i was used to being someone else's punching bag. i was my father's,i was yours,and i was his.but i did it because i wanted to, not because i had no choice"hoseok couldn't let any words out."you didn't tell that to jungkook, did you?"hoseok shook his head, "no, not everything""i figured, wouldn't want your new boyfriend to know the dark side of you""i'm sorry, jimin. i'm so sorry... i didn't want to believe i was the wrong one in this, even though in the back of my mind i always knew""you always blamed me in everything" jimin smiled a small smile."god, i'm so sorry...""it's okay, i don't hold grudges. i just hope you won't make the same mistakes with him""we're not..."jimin blinked, "why?""i don't think he needs a romantic relationship right now with his fragile mind, after everything he's been through i think he should focus on himself and on his son first,i also don't want it to look like i want to be with him just because you and i are over""that's where you're wrong. i think that's what he needs more than anything right now.he was shown wrong love since he was a kid, he doesn't know anything else.the kid needs and craves real love because he never had it. it's scarier for him to make moves on his own without having someone to depend on, and he doesn't need to do that. people who aren't used to being alone don't want to be alone, he'll just go to search comfort and reassurance in someone else like i did.from a young age people grow up with the love of their parents, people who never got that will search in other places.be it drugs, alcohol, sex with random people... i believe that now that he has a son he will get better and start making his own decisions but that doesn't mean he's not scared, friends can be there but it's not enough, not for wounded souls like us, he needs more.don't wait until it's too late, because you'll lose him...like you lost me"hoseok released a shaky breath and wiped the tears that was starting to form, he felt sorry for jimin, and worried for jungkook. his mind and heart were filled with too many thoughts and emotions. "don't you think relationships based on dependency are wrong like our was? shouldn't i wait for him to find his own place? finish with his therapy?""describe dependency. it's not like you're going to control him and tell him what to do or say, but of course he will be depended on you in terms of emotions.the kid went through sexual abuse from his father his entire life, his mind was corrupted and manipulated for so many years, the damage is beyond repair.he can only go up from this, but he will never be completely okay - and that means he will never be actually finished with therapy. he needs it. he will need it for the rest of his life. don't wait for him to be okay and don't make him be okay - just, help him become okay. make him do things on his own while being on his side.he- he deserves the best"hoseok then realized that jimin was describing him how to treat jungkook the way he himself wanted to be treated by hoseok, and that broke his heart."you do, too""not anymore" jimin smiled sadly. hoseok felt empty. responsible, even."you can stay as long as you need, jimin. that's the least i can do...""thank you" - "i'm not actually allowed to bring people over, but who cares" jungkook chuckled and closed the door of his room quietly, trying not to wake yoongi up.hoseok inhaled through his nose and leaned back against the door, arms crossed, "i need to talk to you"jungkook frowned, "what happened? did the cockroach leave?""can someone keep an eye on him? i want to talk outside" jungkook blinked and nodded. they were outside the building, sitting on the stairs. hoseok told jungkook everything, everything about his relationship with jimin and how he actually treated him, and everything that jimin has said to him.jungkook stared at hoseok, dumbfounded."wow""yeah...""that's a lot...""i know...""so you're not a complete saint like i thought you were"hoseok shook his head."it changes everything-" hoseok wanted to bury himself, he ruined all chances he had with jungkook, "i think about jimin" hoseok sighed in relief loudly when jungkook finished the sentence.jungkook raised an eyebrow.hoseok shook his head in dismiss, "go on""i can understand him, in a way. i get why he did what he did but- i still can't forgive him, i still can't look at him, you know?"hoseok nodded, not trusting his voice."what happened? why are you being weird?""i don't know, i thought you'll start hating me"jungkook laughed, "we act differently to different people considering the situation. just because you treated him this way, doesn't mean you're the same with me. you've been nothing but a great friend and a great support to me, i can't view you differently. i can't judge you"hoseok felt relief, he laughed."thank you for telling me that, though""i didn't want to keep anything for you if-""if what?""nothing.""if what?" jungkook pressed."if we want to continue... this," he motioned between the two of them, "i want all the cards to be on the table"jungkook wiggled his eyebrows, cunning smile on his face. "continue this?""in the future, that is" hoseok rolled his eyes jokingly."mhm... in the future..." jungkook said mockingly.hoseok looked at jungkook, and thought what if jimin was right?what if this is what jungkook really needs?he can never look at all of this through jungkook's prospective, what if he were to lose jungkook if it was too late?the thought made hoseok's heart beat faster.he didn't want to lose jungkook. he grabbed the younger cheeks and brought their faces together, before jungkook could gasp out of surprise, hoseok closed his eyes he planted a gentle kiss on the raven haired boy's lips.when they parted, hoseok had in front of him a very, very red jungkook and he couldn't help but laugh.jungkook looked at him with wide eyes, "you need to warn a man next time""really? i do?""yeah, want me to teach you how to do that?"hoseok smirked."i'm going to kiss you now" jungkook 'warned'.hoseok's smirk was gone.and then they were kissing. 



Chapter End Notes
like i said previously, i will explain in the last chapter why i didn't tag any other relationship, there's a reason for that so DONT COME AT ME >:3


Like a Battle Wound.



hoseok was found and was kicked out by one of compass housecare's bodyguards with evil little jungkook laughing out loud in the background.one last quick kiss and hoseok was gone, promising jungkook he will text him later.hoseok's heart was beating fast all the way to his home, cheeks flushed, he couldn't believe he finally made that move.and he also couldn't help but wonder if this was indeed the right thing to do.when he got to his doorstep, he took a deep breath, bracing himself to see and talk to jimin.he slowly opened the door and got inside, "jimin?"no response.hoseok frowned and closed the door behind him, "jimin?" he raised his voice a little bit.the living room and kitchen were empty so he searched the rest of the house with nothing to be found.he ran back to the living room, stressed. "jimin!"he noticed something at the corner of his eyes and quickly turned his head to his right, a letter on the table.there was a heart drawn on the paper, hoseok picked it up and turned it around to see if there was anything else written on it, with no luck."fuck" hoseok groaned and brushed a hand through his hair in frustration.he took his keys and went to the first place thank he could think about.  "hoseok hyung" taehyung stared at the man in front of him with obvious shock."hey... i'm sorry i'm here at such late hour, i didn't have your number and i was panicking and i remembered where you lived i just-""hey, hey," taehyung's shocked expression turned into a worried frown, "what happened?""have you seen jimin? is he here?"the younger's features turned cold, face serious. "what's your deal with him?"hoseok sighed, "it's a long story, please just tell me that he's here and that he's alright""i don't know where he is""fuck, fuck, fuck!" hoseok kicked taehyung's doorstep in frustration.he blamed himself again."is he still...?" taehyung was wary, he didn't know what or if hoseok knows anything."running from the police? yes.""and how do you...?""it is a really long story""well, you came into my house at..." taehyung looked at the wall clock behind him, "at one in the morning, might as well tell me"hoseok looked at taehyung.he didn't trust him not one bit, he remembered the stories jungkook told him about the slim man standing in front of him.was it also jealousy? hoseok didn't want to wait and find out."if you hear anything from him... just let me know, okay? jungkook has my number"taehyung studied the older and nodded.hoseok turned around to walk away."hey, hyung..." hoseok turned around, "how is he doing? is he okay?"hoseok felt his stomach doing flips inside of him at the mention of the name, was that how butterflies in the stomach felt like?he couldn't help but let a little smile slip, "he's doing great, actually"taehyung squinted his eyes and smirked, "you two been fucking"the older choked on his own spit and started wide eyed at taehyung."not that this is any of your business but no, we haven't been... doing that.""good" hoseok was taken aback, "excuse me?""i figured something might happen between you two when he told me he used to live with you and how you helped him with yoongi a lot. but he... he finally made progression by himself, he finally learned how to do things by himself.... don't rush things with him.and i know it's not my place to tell you that but i've been there for him for the longest and i've never seen such an improvement from him, he's trying his hardest, don't ruin it by rushing it"and hoseok felt like he just made a huge mistake. -  when yoongi slowly regained his consciousness back, he wanted to cry.he secretly had hoped that he would die during surgery, but he fucking survived and it hurt.not only the physical pain caused by the surgery, but emotionally as well. knowing that he was still living in a nightmare, it hurt."hey..." he heard seokjin's soft voice, he turned his head towards him."i'm alive" he said bitterly, voice rough."you're alive," his older brother smiled at him, "i'll call the nurse to check on you"when seokjin left the room, yoongi quickly wiped the tears off his eyes, looking at the ceiling."good morning, sleepyhead" the nurse cheered while walking into the room with seokjin following behind her.yoongi grunted and looked at the window, it was dark outside."is it morning yet?"she giggled, "no, but you can't expect me to tell you goodnight once you wake up, do you?" she was busy doing some quick check ups on yoongi while the latter looked at seokjin with an unamused expression.seokjin tried to hide his snort and mouthed yoongi to "stop it, be nice""everything seems to be fine, mr min! i'll call your surgeon so he could explain what's going to happen next" and she was gone."i've never been more annoyed"seokjin laughed wholeheartedly at sat at the chair beside yoongi's bed."how are you feeling?""like shit""does it hurt?""everything hurts""at least it's out now, yoongs, at least the worst is over"the worst has only started."i met with jungkook"seokjin froze, looking at yoongi."we talked about everything... letting everything out... i think we both needed that""did you tell him?""no, he doesn't need to know""i agree." seokjin said and then clicked his tongue, "that kid is a moron. you are as well. why can't you two just separate your ways? how do you always find your way to one another when it's obvious how bad it is for the two of you? not everything needs to be talked about or sorted out. i'm sorry, i just don't want him near you for his own sake, and vice versa"yoongi sighed, "he's doing good on his own, jin, he's rebuilding himself. he's not a moron because he realized he doesn't need me in his life, i'm the moron who still does""do you still...?"yoongi chuckled, "what do you think? that it will just disappear? that i'll tell you that i don't love him anymore? i will always love him, i always have.he had that realization, not i. i knew from the beginning, he didn't.i was left with these feelings alone"seokjin's face fell, heart aches for his brother. he sighed, "just focus on taking care of yourself"yoongi peaked behind seokjin, he noticed his surgeon standing at the door, looking at the papers he had in his hands and yoongi couldn't miss the deep sigh the man just let out.and yoongi knew something was wrong."hey, hyung, can you go grab me something to eat from the cafeteria?"seokjin blinked, "are you allowed to eat?""just get me something, i'm hungry" yoongi fake pouted.seokjin growled and got up from his chair and walked outside the room.yoongi's face turned serious when the surgeon came inside."hello, mr min""how bad is it?" yoongi went straight to the point.the surgeon took a deep breath and closed the door behind him.



Forlorn.



"i'll be honest with you, mr min. the surgery went well, we were able remove a decent amount of the tumors.but i'm not going to lie to you, it had spread quickly than we expected and there's a chance there will be more in the future""so what does that mean? how long am i going to...?""look, i can't tell you exactly and that's because we never know when it comes to cancer, we just assume from the results that we get. it depends on a lot of things""how much time do i have left? stop beating around the bush" yoongi straightened up his sitting position, getting tired of the man in front of him trying to sugar coat the reality.the surgeon sighed, "with your condition, i don't believe it'll be more than ten years. if you keep drinking, you won't survive five years from now.with that being said, chemotherapy-""no." yoongi snapped sternly. "may i ask why?"i want to fucking die, that's what yoongi wanted to say."i don't want to go through this"the man nodded, "understandable, and that's your decision. but it's my duty to tell you the benefits of it, and how it will affect-""i don't want to hear it, i don't want to know. thank you for everything, doctor, but nothing will change my mind""we also want to keep you here under supervision for check ups since i'm afraid your symptoms may worsen, i'm not confident to send you home anytime soon""do you know for how long?"the surgeon shook his head, "it might take months"yoongi nodded slowly."can i ask you for one favor?""sure, anything""don't tell my brother anything, don't speak about it in front of him, i don't want him to worry him""you need someone to be with you, mr min, you need all the support you can get right now""please..." yoongi pleaded, "i will be fine on my own, a fortiori since i'm staying here. if he asks, tell him everything is fine and that i need to stay another day to make sure i don't have side effects from the surgery or something... can you please do that?"as if on cue, seokjin stormed in the room with two wrapped up sandwiches in one hand, and a cup of coffee in the other."oh, doctor! so good to see you!" the older placed the food and hot beverage on the small desk next to yoongi's hospital bed and reached his hand out to shake it with the surgeon.the surgeon took his hand and they bowed to each other, "thank you so much for saving my brother's life"yoongi's heart ached.the surgeon wore a small smile, "i'm just doing my job" he said dismissively."so, how's my baby brother doing? is he going to be alright?"the surgeon and yoongi exchanged looks, and yoongi shook his head, begging with his eyes.the doctor widened his smile and diverted his focus on seokjin, "he's doing just fine, he just needs to stay here for another day to make sure everything is completely fine and then he can be sent home"seokjin frowned, "i have a flight in a few hours, i wanted to be able to drive him home at least...""we will take care of it, we will not let him go home by himself, you have nothing to worry about""speaking of which, say hyung, can you take my keys and drive to my house and put them under the front door rug? i don't want to forget them here"seokjin looked at yoongi with a worried look, "maybe i'll cancel the meeting? i really don't feel good about all of this-""nonsense, you heard the doc. he said i'm fine and thar i'll be fine, plus they'll take care of me" "you have a doctor's word" yoongi wanted to snort at that.seokjin still looked unsure, yet when yoongi handed him his keys, he still took it."i'll be right back, here's your sandwich" seokjin tossed the sandwich onto yoongi's lap."thanks" and then seokjin was gone."thank you... so much" the doctor sighed, "i really don't like lying, but the patient's privacy is important to us, and we must respect your decisions.and i know i'm not supposed to say this, but i think, especially right now in your condition, that you need to put yourself first instead of others,you think you're doing them a favor, yet they're the ones who're going to be the most in pain at the end""i've been putting myself first my entire life, i think it's time for me to put others first instead" - hoseok woke up with a warm sensation on his lips.he opened his eyes slowly and saw jungkook's face in front of him, lips on his.he moaned groggily and closed his eyes, tasting the younger.he could feel jungkook's giggle sending vibrations through his lips, and they parted with a wet sound."good morning" jungkook whispered sweetly, and hoseok felt chills running through his entire body. he opened his eyes again."what are you doing here? how did you get in?" hoseok asked with a rough voice, rubbing his eyes with his fists."you left the door open" jungkook moved hoseok over so he cat sit beside the older on the bed.hoseok groaned in protest and closed his eyes again, but still wrapped his arm around the younger's waist."where's yoongi?""mrs choi is keeping an eye on him, he's still sleeping. she said she'll call me when he wakes up""what time is it?""seven"hoseok buried his head in his pillow, "we still have an hour til class starts, why did you wake me up so early, you evil human being?"jungkook laughed and hoseok couldn't help but smile at the beautiful sound, everything jungkook did was so endearing it was almost painful."wanted to spend time with you a little before we have to go to work"hoseok melted at that, he opened his eyes and propped himself on his elbows, smiling widely.jungkook blushed furiously and got up, "what are you smiling about, you creep?" the younger pouted.the hazel haired boy rolled over and sat on the edge of the bed, wrapping his legs around jungkook's own and pressed their bodies together, wrapping his hands around the boy's figure while hugging him and looking up at the standing man."i'm just happy" jungkook smiled too and leaned down to kiss him, asking for permission to slip his tongue inside almost shyly.and hoseok allowed him.all that could be heard around the room was the sound of wet kisses and hard breathing, both bodies getting hotter and hotter.when he heard a quiet moan coming up from jungkook's throat, hoseok suddenly felt a weird feeling inside.he gently pinched jungkook's hips and parted their lips, looking into the boy's half hooded eyes, filled with lust."hey, kook... we're taking it slow, right?"jungkook blinked, looking puzzled."i wasn't about to fuck you, if that's what you're asking"hoseok chuckled and pushed jungkook back slightly, wanting to look at him clearly."i'm not talking about that. i just don't want to rush into anything, i still stand behind my words about you focusing on your own life first, i want you to get better"jungkook crossed his arms, "what did jimin tell you?"hoseok was taken aback, "nothing-""don't fucking lie to me. did he tell you not to try anything with me? that fucker, he wants to ruin every fucking relationship that i have-""hey, kook. that's really not it, the opposite is the truth, he actually wanted us to try-""why the fuck were you two even doing talking about me? i don't want my name to ever come out of his dirty mouth."hoseok frowned, "calm down, he said that i should treat you better than i treated him, that i should take care of you because-""treat me better? take care of me? what am i, a baby?""n-no, he just said that considering your situation-""what does he even know about my situation? do you think i'm a fragile little boy that needs to loved and taken care of like he does?""that's not what i said""but that's what you're thinking, aren't you?" jungkook accused."no, kook, he just said that he understands where you're coming from and that-""jimin and i are nothing alike. he blames his past for being the depended person that he is, i only grew stronger from mine.i was depended on one person my entire life, but i walked out of it, and i learned that i don't need him, that i don't need anyone else in my life beside myself and my son.i'm not a fucking charity case, i can do fine on my own and i am doing fine on my own even if i sometimes feel like i'm not.i'm also not a china doll, not anymore. i've been through so much shit in my life, nothing can hurt me anymore. you don't need to 'take care of me' or give me more attention or love because of my 'situation'. i was fine without you, and i will be fine without you.i want you, but i don't need you. don't think for a fucking second that history is going to repeat itself and you're going to be my 'new yoongi'. i'm over it, and it only made my skin grow thicker. i'm much stronger than he is, and i'm much stronger than you too.i can make my own decisions with my mind clear, just because i've been wounded doesn't mean i'm still bleeding, so don't treat me like i'm injured"hoseok looked at jungkook dumbfounded while the latter stormed out of the room."i'll meet you in class"jimin wasn't right,nor taehyung was.and now hoseok feels like he made a big fucking mistake, and that he just lost jungkook. 



Hide and Seek.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




after the practice was over, jungkook walked quickly towards the exit with baby yoongi in his arms, hoseok chasing him.the older grabbed jungkook's shoulder, "jungkook, please... let's talk this out, i don't want to lose you"jungkook didn't even turn around, "we have nothing to talk about" voice cold.hoseok felt helpless, he walked over to face jungkook, jungkook diverted his gaze, avoiding eye contact."let me explain myself, let me explain what happened. i didn't mean to hurt your feelings, i'm sorry""hoseok" they both looked at the direction of the deep voice."yes, seonsaengmin" hoseok bowed to his boss, jungkook followed the action."may i steal you for a second?""sure thing" fuck you, now it's not the time to talk, that's what hoseok actually wanted to say.the elderly man shot a glare at both of them, and then back to hoseok, "i'll wait for you in my office"hoseok bowed the second time and watched the man walk away.hoseok looked back at jungkook and his face fell."go, he's waiting for you"hoseok took out his keys from his pockets and handed it to jungkook, jungkook looked at it confused."wait for me at my place, please give me a chance to explain... please, kook..."jungkook scowled. looking at the keys, considering.he flicked his eyes up to hoseok and remembered how the older helped him when he needed him the most.he growled and took the keys from hoseok's hand, "fine"hoseok sighed in relief. - after a long conversation with his boss he got inside his house, he closed the door behind him and took a deep breath.he turned his head only to find jungkook sitting on his couch with baby yoongi in front of him.they were holding hands, jungkook pushing him back a little while holding tightly at the baby's hands, and then quickly pushing him back up with an exaggerated 'ah'.and hoseok was startled by a sound he never heard before.yoongi's laugh.jungkook smiled widely and did the motions a few times, making an airplane... or was it a race car? maybe roller coaster sounds? hoseok wasn't too sure. but the toddler kept on laughing cutely.hoseok leaned against the wall and watched the scene in front of him in awe.the hazel haired older had watched yoongi for awhile now, and no matter how many times he had tried, making yoongi smile or laugh always ended up being a failure on his side.but here jungkook was, effortlessly making his kid laugh loudly with a simple action.jungkook noticed hoseok's presence and looked at him, giving him half a smile while continuing playing with his son.hoseok smiled back and sat behind yoongi, "his laugh is lovely, i've never heard it before" he spoke quietly, not wanting to interrupt the beautiful moment."mr kwon said that moving a lot calms them down, so i wanted to try" jungkook spoke just as quietly."i think you calm him down" they shared an intense stare before jungkook stopped what he was doing with yoongi and turned around to search something in his bag.jungkook took out a few small pieces of legos that were scattered around in his bag and put them on the tea table in front of the couch, he gently placed yoongi on the floor to play with it.the younger inhaled deeply and faced hoseok, "what did you want to talk about?""you didn't give me a chance to talk last night, i wanted to explain myself"jungkook crossed his arms, waiting, brows furrowed.hoseok cleared his throat and told him everything jimin and taehyung told him."why are you listening to people who are not even in my life anymore? both of them don't know shit about me now.taehyung may know very little, but not enough to decide whether or not i'm ready for fucking anything in life.you're the one who knows almost everything about me, you should be the one making these decisions for yourself, not them""i know. i know, you're right. but what they said made so much sense to me at the time... i don't know what i was thinking.but- i honestly don't know what to do, kook. i'm confused, and scared. i'm scared that we're doing the wrong thing, i'm scared to rush into something we're both not ready yet""i don't know what i'm doing, either," jungkook admitted, "i'm scared as much as you are. i've never had this before, i was never in a real relationship before with someone i wanted who isn't.. him.yoonah was forced. so i don't know how to act.but i don't want you to think that i'm still a lost boy who needs direction, mine and yoongi's relationship was based on dependency and obsessive behavior, dominance and violence. i was already in a relationship where i was seen as small, a boy who needed to be cradled and babied. i know that you don't view me that way but i know the main reason you're scared to rush things is because of my past, and fucked up mind.i will probably always have a twisted way of seeing life, and i will probably always have nightmares and bad thoughts but- but believe me, hyung, i've seen hell and i've met the devil - and i still survived, and i'm stronger than ever. if i could walk away from twenty six years of manipulation, addiction, need, reliance... i can do anything. you saw me in my worst because that was a normal reaction having to go through something traumatic, but my mind was already traumatized in the first place, nothing surprises me anymore.if you want to be with me... you need to know that even if we go slow, even if we won't be together - i'll still be fucked up.but i'm a better fuck up than i used to be, and i know i can do it on my own, because i have my son with me""it doesn't have to be this way. you don't always have to feel that you're fucked up-""look, it's cute that you're trying but even years of therapy didn't help. i will never be completely okay, and i'm okay with that. but i'm trying my best to act like i am. be it with you, or without you.nothing will change if we'll be together, or not.so now it's your decision, because i do want to try it. it won't distract me from fixing my life because that's what i always do, i always try to fix my life"hoseok suddenly smiled.jungkook raised an eyebrow."you know what teacher dong told me?"jungkook widened his eyes and looked around, to his left and right to see if anyone else had heard what he had heard, but they were alone, with baby yoongi playing with his legos on the floor."did- did i just do this entire monologue to myself? did you not hear a word i just said?""he said he wanted you to have your own class, your own students. he said he saw how much potential and how much passion you have and he was stunt by how determinant you are. he wanted me to help advertising your name around, and even move some of my students to your class"jungkook felt his heart drop.he looked at hoseok like he just fell from the sky, and hoseok's smile grew wider."is this a joke?"hoseok shook his head.jungkook lifted his brows, "are you... is this for real?""you were right. you don't need me, or anyone else in your life, you can do anything you want on your own, and do it better than anyone else""oh my god..." jungkook felt like he was going to faint."oh my god, hoseok! oh my god!" jungkook let out a disbelief laugh mixed with a sob and hugged hoseok tightly, heart filled with joy.hoseok hugged him back."oh my god..." jungkook repeated, he still couldn't believe it.after everything that he's been through, after everything, he was now proving everyone, and himself, that he can do it.he did it.he fucking did it. "and as for my decision..." hoseok parted their hug, and pressed his lips to jungkook's for a quick kiss.he then pressed their foreheads together when the kiss ended, "i want to be with you, but i still want us to take it slow. i want us to learn together" he whispered and looked into jungkook's mesmerizing eyes.jungkook flushed, "i'm sorry for reacting the way i did""hey, it's okay. no one promised us it'll be easy, and it probably won't since we both carry a lot of stuff on our shoulders.but we're in this together, okay?"jungkook nodded and planted a kiss on hoseok's lips.hoseok grabbed younger's face and deepened the kiss, breathing getting louder.when they heard a single ring coming from jungkook's phone they both groaned and disconnected their lips.jungkook checked his phone to see who he got a text from. "i left the house, you and yoongi can come back.i left the keys under the front door rug"- yoongi. jungkook froze.



Chapter End Notes
THE COMMENTS ARE DECREASING AGAINDID YALL LEAVE FOR OUTCASTDON'T LEAVE ME HEREbtw Literarygirl19 I HATE YOUI HAVENT LISTENED TO ANYTHING BUT YOU'RE A USELESS CHILD FOR THE PAST TWO DAYS WHAT HAVE YOU DONE


Running With Nowhere to Go.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook looked at the phone, frowning."what's wrong?" hoseok mimicked the younger's worried facial expression.jungkook ignored the older's question and called yoongi. no answer.he grunted and tried again, and again.no response.when he tried for the sixth time, hoseok gently lowered the phone off jungkook's ear, jungkook looked at him."what happened?"jungkook swallowed, "yoongi just texted me that he left the house and that me and baby yoongi can come back"hoseok raised his eyebrows, "that's great, kook! you got your place back!"but jungkook didn't feel all that great."he's not answering me""well, you two decided not to be in each other's lives, maybe he's just following that""he literally just texted me""with useful information for you, maybe he got himself a house or maybe he found someon-" hoseok stopped talking.jungkook glared at him, "i'll ignore you thinking i give a fuck if he found someone, but i don't think that's the case""whatever the case is, it's none of your business anymore, isn't it?"and jungkook knew hoseok was right.he sighed and threw the phone in front of him on the couch.the silence was suddenly interrupted with a growl.jungkook's stomach.jungkook widened his eyes and he felt his cheeks turning hotter, he knew he was blushing.oh god he wanted to die.hoseok laughed good naturedly, "we had an intense practice, i'll go make us something to eat"he planted a quick kiss on jungkook's lips and got up, he ruffled baby yoongi's hair while making his way to the kitchen.jungkook's eyes followed hoseok until he was gone, he quickly took his phone."is everything alright?"he bit his lower lip, he hated himself for caring too much, still. after everything.he gasped as quietly as possible when he got a text back, heart thumping in his chest."i can't talk right now, everything is fine."so why was jungkook still worried?  - "is this all, kook?" hoseok groaned, dragging jungkook's very heavy suitcase behind him."i think so" jungkook got inside his house, pushing at yoongi's stroller with one hand and the second hand held said baby tightly.he looked around the house and took a deep breath.he hasn't been there since...he placed yoongi on the floor and folded the stroller, he placed it where he used to place it when he lived there."where should i put the suitcase?"jungkook pointed straight, the door to his room was closed.hoseok huffed and pushed the suitcase towards the closed door, after opening it he got inside and rolled it towards the bed.when jungkook walked inside, he suddenly felt like he couldn't breathe.it was like every single bad memory he's ever had came back to him.he froze, panting harshly."no!" hoseok was startled, he turned around to look at jungkook in shock."no what?"jungkook tried to calm himself, body shaking violently."i'll sleep in the guestroom, put it there"hoseok was confused for a second,before it hit him.he stole a glance at the bed and shut his eyes close, there was nothing in particular on the bed that made hoseok's stomach flip beside the fact that he knew what happened there the last time jungkook was in this room."jesus, kook," hoseok hissed, he opened his eyes and looked at panicked boy in front of him, heart aching, "maybe this was a bad idea. want to stay in my place?"jungkook shook his head, "no, i'll sleep in the guestroom." - they were sitting on jungkook's couch with their feet on the tea table in front of them.jungkook had his laptop on his lap while hoseok scrolled through his phone with his head leaned on the younger's shoulder."you know, mr kwon told me i shouldn't put yoongi in nursery school, that he is not ready for that yet"hoseok lifted his head to look at jungkook, "and are you ready?"jungkook looked down at hoseok and shook his head cutely.hoseok smiled, "then it's not the time""am i being selfish?""sometimes a parent needs to be selfish to not hurt their kids"they were both startled by a knock on the door."jesus, i forgot how often people knock on this fucking door" jungkook growled, he waited for hoseok to straightened up and take jungkook's laptop from his lap.jungkook got up and walked towards the front door, opening it."i'm not a fucking mailman! you need to take care of your own mail! it was falling off the mailbox with how filled it was!" and then jungkook was hit with a pack of mail papers to his face."hey!" hoseok called angrily, but jungkook pushed him back.the old man took his cane and limped his way back.jungkook groaned and picked up his mail, closing the door after he was finished."what the fuck was that?! who the fuck does he think-", "seok," jungkook chuckled, "he's like two hundred years old, leave him be"hoseok was still angry, he folded his arms while jungkook took a seat by his table kitchen and put all the mail on the diner table."jesus, did he not check our mail?" jungkook whispered mostly to himself.he went through the mail while hoseok sat in front of him."bills...bills...coupons...bills...more coupons..."jungkook then frowned when he found something out of ordinary."keonkang hospital? what is that?"the younger opened the envelop and unfolded the letter than was placed inside."bills for a surgery? what surgery?" jungkook was mostly talking to himself, eyes scrolling through the words fast."hepatic cancer... what the fuck is that? is this mine?" jungkook looked at the envelop again, it was indeed his address and indeed his name on it, since he was the original owner of the house.jungkook came back to reading the letter."sum of money was paid by min seokjin...?that's my uncle... information and confirmation of patient...sex: maleage: forty ninename: min... min yoongi..." jungkook's vision turned black.



Chapter End Notes
I HOPE YALL COME BACK TO ME AFTER FINISHING WITH OUTCASTDONT FORGET ABOUT ME I'M STILL HERENEXT CHAPTER IS GONNA BE ANGSTY AF


Putting Out Fire With Gasoline.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook got up from his chair, panting hysterically. "i fucking knew something was wrong" he whispered and scrolled fast through the letter again, as if doubting that it was real.as if doubting that it was really happening.hoseok stared at jungkook with wide eyes, completely shocked. he didn't know what to say, but he knew not saying anything would be better for both of them at the moment."fucking liar, he always fucking lies" jungkook slammed his fist on the table, startling both hoseok and yoongi.he stormed into the living room and grabbed his phone off the couch, he dialed. leg jumping restlessly, heart thumping in his ears, chest heaving."hey kook... let me call you back-""tell me what the fuck is happening. now." jungkook was furious.no.he was beyond furious."what are you talking about?" he could hear seokjin's voice on the other line."you know damn well what i'm talking about! so talk!" jungkook raised his voice.hoseok followed jungkook to the living room, picking baby yoongi up to his arms, watching jungkook while feeling helpless.jungkook heard seokjin sign, "how did you find out?""i'm the one who's asking the questions now, don't test my patience""he's fine now, kook, they took the cancer now. he's coming back home tomorrow""what home?! he fucking texted me that he left the house and that yoongi and i can come back, what the fuck are you talking about?""...what? they told me in the hospital that he'll be released by tomorrow""you were here?" "i came for the surgery, i came back an hour ago... they confirmed that he's going to be just fine and-""and did you fucking believe them? you fucking know how good he is at lying and manipulating people, for fuck's sake... do you not know him?""did he really text you to come back home...?""he's not coming back from the hospital any time soon, tell me where he is""jung-", "tell me where is he!!!" jungkook didn't even let seokjin get a word out after he told jungkook where yoongi was staying, he just hung up the phone and stuffed it into his pokcets.the youngster rushed to get his coat and keys, back facing hoseok, "are you staying with him or should i take him with me?""jungkook, i don't think this is a good idea""stay the fuck out of this, hoseok"hoseok frowned, visibly hurt, "don't let your anger out on me."jungkook closed his eyes and took a deep breath, he turned around and stepped towards the older.he took hoseok's face in both of his hands, trying to calm himself down.he looked deeply into his eyes."look, seok, i want you. i want us to work.but i don't want to explain this to you, i don't need to.this is a part of me, this is something you're going to have to deal with, okay? i know that you're against it, but i can't do anything about it"hoseok sighed, "i'll keep an eye on yoongi""thank you" jungkook whispered. - yoongi flinched when his hospital room door was kicked open.he widened his eyes and sat up the bed, hissing in pain at the sudden action he just made."jungkook..."jungkook looked enraged, standing at the doorway, ready to kill.jungkook got inside the room and slammed the door shut behind him."fucking," jungkook took off his coat and threw it at yoongi's direction, "liar," he threw the keys he had in his pockets at the older, hitting his arms,"always," jungkook then threw his phone, hitting the older's leg, "thinking about yourself-" jungkook took the chair that was on the side of the bed and slammed it on the wall loudly."jungkook-" yoongi tried to get up but the pain was too overwhelming. jungkook grabbed yoongi's robe and pulled it towards him, they were face to face."selfish motherfucker" jungkook hissed through his teeth and pushed yoongi back, punching him straight to his face.yoongi gasped, covering the injured area on his jaw with his hand.jungkook just kept on hitting him, the next fists were weaker, powerless.and yoongi just took it.he sat there quietly, letting jungkook take all of his anger out on him. when jungkook was finished, he looked at yoongi, breathing hard.he couldn't hold back his tears anymore.he burst down crying, covering his mouth with his hand.yoongi was shaking, letting his own quiet tears run down his face."i'm so sorry..." he whispered, voice pained."stop!!! stop fucking saying that!!! you always say that, i don't believe your sorry's anymore! what did you think would fucking happen? you would die and then what?! and then fucking what?!""i didn't think you'd care" yoongi just couldn't look at him."i would live my entire life feeling guilty for not helping you, for not being there""i don't want you to be here, i don't want you to help me""how could you... how could you made me go through this again? go through your death again?""i deserve it after what i did to you""selfish. selfish. selfish. always thinking about your own ass. what about me? what about namjoon hyung?i'm- yes, you made my life a living hell, you did. but you're still my father, and you're still an inseparable part of my life. you will always be.i hate you but- i- i don't know.i don't know.i don't know what i'm this mad," jungkook gasped loudly, crying his heart out, "i don't want you to be in pain, i don't want you to die on me.how dare you die on me when you're supposed to be suffering from what you did to me until you're old enough to die from age?how dare you die on me and... leave me here alone? after everything we've been through i- i don't know. i don't know why i'm so-"yoongi finally turned his head and looked at jungkook, he sniffled, tears keep coming.jungkook covered his face with his hands and let himself cry, "i hate myself for still caring so much about you""i don't deserve this""i know you don't, but- but i can't help it, i don't know how to explain this""i understand"and he did.he did.and jungkook cried harder, because yoongi was the only one in this world who could understand him."i'm not dying yet"jungkook hands dropped, he looked at yoongi through teary eyes."how long...?""five years"jungkook covered his face with his inner elbow and tried to quiet his cries, with no luck."you fucker... and to think you thought about hiding this from me""what was i supposed to say, jungkook? call you and tell you that i have cancer and that it's terminal? in our last conversation you made it clear that you don't want anything to do with me, how could i drop this on you?""you're punishing yourself on my account, you're punishing yourself on seokjin's account, you're punishing yourself on namjoon's account...you think you're helping us while not being a burden but... we would've blamed ourselves our entire lives if we knew you died without getting the help you need""i don't know what to do, jungkook" yoongi wiped his tears but with no help, the tears just kept on coming and coming."you always fucking do this. you always drop bombs on me, even if you don't plan to.you always fucking lie to me and then say that you're sorry,you always fucking ruin my life everytime i think it's getting better, i hate you,"jungkook pulled at yoongi's robe again, shaking him."i hate you!!!i hate you!!! i hate you!!!" he screamed in his face, yoongi took a hold of his hands."stop..." he hushed the younger.jungkook leaned his head down against yoongi chest and let all of his sorrow out, sobbing loudly.yoongi hugged him tightly and cried with him."i would've never forgiven myself if i didn't find out""at least you can forgive yourself now, i'm way passed that""i would've never forgiven you, either""you shouldn't forgive me for anything""i don't want you to die..." jungkook sounded so small.so scared.and yoongi hated himself for making jungkook feel like that again.it was all because of him. they didn't even notice how they fell asleep in each other's embrace from over crying, on yoongi's cold hospital bed.



Chapter End Notes
ayyi have a day off tomorrow so yall can ask any questions you want and i'll reply! or if you just wanna talki'll reply to everyone regardless


Years Have Come and Gone.



jungkook struggled to open his swollen eyes, he managed to squint one open and was startled when he saw yoongi's face centimeters from his. he took a sharp intake of breath and quickly straightened up, looking at the sleeping figure beside him.he groaned and brushed a hand through his hair, memories of the night before coming back to him.the younger flinched when the door was suddenly opened and a cheery looking woman came inside with an iv bag in her hands.the smile was quickly removed from her face when she noticed jungkook in yoongi's bed, "oh, i didn't mean to interrupt""no no..." jungkook's voice was hoarse, either from sleeping or screaming. could be both. "it's okay, i'm his son" and her wide smile was back, "it's nice to meet you," she bowed, "i'm lim inna, your father's nurse"jungkook bowed his head lightly, rubbing one eye with his fist. he slid off the bed."don't go because of me, i just came here to wake your father up so he could eat something and then switch his iv bag"they both turned in unison when they heard a groan, yoongi then whined and turned around in his sleep."good morning, sleepyhead" the nurse placed her hand on yoongi's leg and tried to move him a bit so he would wake up. "leave me alone" yoongi buried his face in his pillow, voice muffled."come on, i need to change your iv bag and give you something to eat. what would you like?""anything that's not from this hospital"the nurse giggled, "you're so grumpy in the morning. i'm glad you finally had a good night sleep though, i don't think you've rested ever since you came here. your son must calm you down" she smiled at jungkook, but jungkook was too busy looking at yoongi with a frown on his face.yoongi wasn't as tired anymore.he turned around to steal a glance at jungkook, and then at the nurse, "just give me anything, i don't care"he just wanted her to get the fuck out."i'll be right back"  "god, she's the most annoying human being i've ever met""you haven't slept since you were hospitalized?"yoongi sighed and looked back at jungkook, "i couldn't sleep. too many worries, too many thoughts""and last night...?""i guess you do calm me down. even with all the stress you're giving me..."jungkook snorted and leaned his shoulder against the wall, crossing his arms, "i don't know what came over me last night""you were shocked, and confused. it's understandable""i hit you pretty hard, didn't i?""it was overdue. you should've beat the shit out of me a long time ago" yoongi smirked.jungkook chuckled, "your surgeon is really nice"yoongi's eyebrows furrowed, "what do you mean?""last night when i came over, he asked me who i was. i told him i was your son and that i just find out that you've been lying to me that everything was fine even though in reality you have terminal cancer, and that i'm fucking pissed.i told him that i'm going to explode so they should expect that, but that i'm not going to hurt you"yoongi blinked, "you punched me in the face and threw your keys on my leg but okay""he said that things like that happen often in this section, that people find out and come here screaming and demanding answers, so they're used to it.and i'm a darling, so he believed me when i said i wouldn't hurt you" jungkook smiled sweetly."that doesn't make any sense and now i'm worried that i'm not safe here anymore... but go on""honestly i'm surprised no one barged inside but i guess my tantrum wasn't that loud""how are you?""i should be the one asking you that.""i'm already dying, you're not"jungkook closed his eyes, hearing yoongi saying that hurt him more than he expected."i don't know how i am, i don't know what i'm feeling," he opened his eyes and licked his lips nervously, "i just want you to be okay""why, jungkook? after everything...""what can i do now? hate you for the rest of my life and leave you here to suffer and die on your own? okay, you hurt me. you ruined me.and okay, you deserve it.but this is really happening right now, and you need help. you need me now more than i ever needed you""i always needed you more than you needed me, jungkook"jungkook took a deep breath."how's chemo going?"yoongi cleared his throat and looked down, "i don't..."jungkook widened his eyes, "is it too late for chemo...?"yoongi shook his head, "i just- i don't- i don't think i deserve a chance-""are you fucking serious? did you decline chemotherapy because you don't think you deserve a chance to live?""i also don't want to go through this, i don't want to go through this hell, i know what it involves""it could save your life""but is it really worth saving?"jungkook's breath hitched, he felt like his heart was stuck in his throat."you're going to get chemotherapy, and that's final."yoongi raised an eyebrow, "excuse me?""you're not excusable. i demand you to go through chemo."yoongi sighed, "jung-""don't. don't make me watch you kill yourself because of me and blame myself my entire life," jungkook took a seat on yoongi's bed beside him, "don't make me pity you because you ruined both of our lives and now you regret it, don't fuck up my life by worrying about you and feeling like i haven't done enough, or anything at all to try and help you"yoongi bumped the back of his head against the wall behind him and closed his eyes, "tell me how to stop hurting you, jungkook, because i don't know what to do anymore""i-if you feel like you don't deserve to live because you don't have me in your life then... i'm here, okay?" yoongi turned his head to look at the younger, "i'm going to help you go through this, and don't tell me that you don't deserve this. don't tell me you don't need my help. i'm here, with you.you're not alone, you have me. this is the least you can do for me, after everything you've made me go through. do this for me, okay?"yoongi felt his eyes getting teary, emotions bubbling inside, "why do you still care so much?" voice broken.and jungkook didn't know how to answer that, because he himself didn't know why he still cared so, so much.



Tenebrific.



jungkook went to make himself some coffee at the hospital's cafeteria when yoongi's surgeon walked inside.yoongi bowed slightly, the man bowed back. he had a smirk on his face, "your son is a feisty one"yoongi chuckled, "you have no idea""doesn't take shit from anyone"yoongi laughed at the man's bluntness and nodded, "and i'm not an exception""he was like that the first time i saw him almost nine years ago, too"yoongi tensed and stared at the man."he still looks seventeen, though a lot stronger"yoongi's breathing got louder, heart beating faster.the surgeon put his hand in front of him in dismiss, "don't worry, it doesn't change anything. i'm a professional and i'm still your surgeon. my job is to help you get better no matter what my personal thoughts are. i'm still going to do anything i can to make you feel comfortable""you know." it wasn't a question."i'm surprised the entire town doesn't, you two were a big deal almost nine years years ago, all over the news. obviously they never revealed your faces and names, but jungkook at the time told me why he was here and what happened so... one plus one...""you remember his name""i could never forget. i could never forget that story.""why are you telling me this? i already know what a shitty person i am without you reminding me""i just think... that if he's still by your side after everything, that you have a chance to make up for it""and i think that for a 'professional surgeon', you're crossing a personal line here" yoongi shot.the man nodded in apology, "you're absolutely right, my apologies" he was about to turn around and leave.yoongi took a deep breath."i want to start chemotherapy"the man snickered, back still facing yoongi."we'll start in two days, you need to recover from your surgery a little bit, since chemotherapy for liver cancer patients involves another surgery as well"and yoongi regretted his decision in a second, he was about to protest but suddenly someone opened the door, "oh, hello" jungkook bowed to the surgeon and walked inside. the surgeon bowed back.jungkook took a sip from his coffee and took a sit beside yoongi's bed, "he's going to start chemo by the way" jungkook said nonchalantly, as if yoongi had no say in the matter.the surgeon smiled a proud smile.so did yoongi.and maybe,just maybe,it was going to be worth it, if it's for jungkook. -  jungkook sighed in relief and tiredness when he entered his own house, kicking off his shoes and throwing his coat on the nearest chair.he slumped on the couch next to hoseok and sighed again.hoseok turn off the tv show he was watching and turned his body to face jungkook, "hey"jungkook titled his head slowly to look at him, "hey""want to talk?""where's yoongi?""nap time"jungkook bit his lower lip and nodded."talk to me" hoseok nudged his shoulder against jungkook's.jungkook chuckled quietly."it's terminal, and he needs to stay in the hospital because his symptoms might get worse soon.he lied to seokjin that the surgery went well, but the cancer had spread too quickly, they couldn't stop it.they gave him five to ten years, five if he keeps drinking and ten if he starts chemo.he didn't want to go through chemo at first, but i didn't really give him a chance"hoseok studied the younger, "i have to ask something, kook""why do i care after everything? after the hell he put me through?"hoseok nodded."i think... it's more for me than for him, if that makes sense. it's like..." jungkook groaned, he didn't know how to explain himself. "we had this fucked up relationship that fucked us both up. and even if we weren't in touch, we were still fucked up but we could understand each other's fucked up minds, we were the only ones who lived through this hell, together. and if he were to die... no one would understand me anymore.god, when i say it out loud it sounds so stupid. this is stupid.i don't know why i still care, i don't why our toxic connection can't be cut. i don't want him romantically anymore, but i think in the back of my mind, i'm still that kid that just craves his father's love. i don't know.or maybe i'm just selfish and i don't want to feel guilty when he dies knowing that i didn't do everything i could to help him when he needed me the most,or maybe this is me trying to show him that i'm the better person, the bigger person. that i can be there for him when it's tough, where he couldn't do the same to me. well, most of the time. or maybe i'm just too good of a person-""or maybe it's a little bit of everything," jungkook blinked, "not everything is black and white, not everything is yes and no. you can feel everything and nothing at once, you can't call your feelings stupid - this is just how you feel, you can't help it. personally, i can't wrap my hand around what's going on between you two, but on the other hand i know that i will never understand you, or this, as much as he does. i don't condone it, but i'm trying to understand. i'm trying to be as open minded as i can, because like you said, this is a part of you and if i want to be with you then i'll just have to deal with it"jungkook smiled, heart warm."he starts chemo in a few days, i'll have to be there for him since he can't be alone""i got your back, babe," hoseok smiled though he felt uneasy on the inside, he didn't like this at all, he wanted jungkook to move on but it was like fate couldn't break jungkook and yoongi apart, "i'll take yoongi with me, and i'll wait for you til you come back"jungkook grunted and pulled hoseok closer to him, kissing his soft lips, "you're perfect, i honestly can't thank you enough for being so understanding" hoseok smiled dreamingly, planting quick kisses on jungkook's lips back.the younger felt relaxed in hoseok's arms, he felt like he could trust the older with anything.there wasn't an animalistic, unexplainable passion between the two like he had with yoongi.this was acceptance, and trust.  although...now that their tongues were tangled together in a heated kiss, jungkook wasn't so sure about the non animalistic passion part anymore.the air was getting thicker, and so were other parts in jungkook's body.he huffed and startled hoseok's lap, deepening the kiss while holding hoseok's face in his hands.hoseok groaned and ended the kiss rudely, panting, looking up at the younger."jungkook..." he breathed out. jungkook let out a whine and pressed their foreheads together, "how slow is taking it slow for you?"hoseok snorted, "this is not slow"jungkook pouted, "this is torture""are you getting off?"hoseok obviously meant getting off of him, but jungkook's mind wasn't in the right place at the moment."god, i wish"hoseok laughed and moved jungkook off of him on the couch, trying to calm down his own heart beating."i don't want to ruin this""how is me fucking you going to ruin things?"hoseok raised an eyebrow.jungkook clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes."fine, a blowjob"hoseok blinked, unamused."brojob...?""what the hell is a brojob?""two bros giving each other a handjob""first of all, i'm not your bro.second of all, you keep saying that you're the one going to fuck me as if it's a fact" hoseok smirked. jungkook cleared his throat and scratched the back of his head, "that's because i'm not really... ready. mentally. for the opposite to happen..."and then it hit hoseok.and he wanted to bury himself alive."oh god, jungkook... i'm so sorry. i'm stupid. god, i'm sorry"jungkook chuckled and got up, not hormonal anymore. "it's okay, let's go make dinner before yoongi wakes up"hoseok's brows furrowed, "i totally ruined the moment, didn't i?"jungkook smiled sweetly, "you did, but it's for the best. we're taking it slow, right?" he winked and made his way to the kitchen."slow..." hoseok repeated and watched as jungkook disappeared into the kitchen.and he couldn't help but wonder for the nth time, if he was doing the right thing.but why does everything that's so wrong, feel so fucking right?



Save Me.



baby yoongi grabbed the spoon out of jungkook's hand rudely.the three were sitting on the cushions they put on the floor across the tea table in jungkook's living room.jungkook frowned and took the spoon from the baby's hands, "if you want it, you have to ask for it"hoseok chewed on his food and watched the scene in front of him silently.jungkook noticed that yoongi was about to throw a tantrum, but he stopped it in time.yoongi was about to raise his voice, scream to get what he wanted but jungkook raised a finger in front of the toddler, signaling him 'no'. yoongi stared at the finger and blinked."ask nicely, i don't listen to babies who make chaos"yoongi then scrunched his face, face turning red and eyes getting teary.jungkook picked up the spoon and showed it directly to yoongi's eye direction, making him notice it. "you want it?"yoongi was trying to understand what was happening, jungkook noticed.jungkook made a motion with his free hand, opening it and closing it, as if he was asking for something like babies do.hoseok got what jungkook was trying to do, but he wanted to tell him that yoongi was too young to actually understand. yoongi then studied the motion for a long time before he tried to mimic it. jungkook smiled and handed the spoon to the baby, yoongi seemed to calm down.hoseok was surprised, to say the least."you're getting really good at this""mr kwon helps a lot... it's hard though," jungkook kept on eating his food, "it's hard accepting his situation yet put boundaries when needed""and it's going to be even harder in the future, but from the looks of it... i'm pretty sure you'll handle it well"jungkook smirked, "i can handle anything"hoseok sighed and started at jungkook for a while before speaking, "yeah, you can."  it was the night before yoongi's next surgery.the arrangement was that jungkook will come an hour before the surgery and first chemotherapy treatment and will stay the night.though he promised hoseok he will come to class in the next morning, hoseok decided not to let his hopes up."i'm going to head off, babe" hoseok was about to kiss jungkook goodbye but the latter wore a heart clenching pout on his face.hoseok frowned, "what's wrong?""stay the night"it was raining outside, but hoseok started to get sweaty."i don't think this is a good idea""you practically live here already, spend the night""jungkook-", "i won't try anything weird, i promise~" and hoseok agreed.only to find himself underneath a very panting and sweaty jungkook, grinding against him fully clothed. hoseok groaned and grabbed at jungkook's hips tightly, thrusting his hips upwards only to make the younger title his head back and bite back a moan at the friction."i'm close..." jungkook pressed his moist bare chest against hoseok's own and rolled his hips expertly."i want to watch your face when you come" hoseok brushed the sticky strains of hair that were glued to jungkook's forehead as a result of him sweating violently, and stared jungkook right in the eyes.jungkook whined at that, holding hoseok's slippery biceps and thrusting back to the older's hip rolls, staring back at him, feeling euphoric. the younger shuddered when he came in his jeans, still grinding against hoseok, mewling quietly and melting at the way hoseok was looking at him.hoseok couldn't believe that a person could be this beautiful doing anything, but he thought jungkook was the prettiest when he came.eyes half hooded and teary, mouth slightly open, releasing the most sinful of sounds, cheeks rosy. and hoseok was proud that he managed to do that to him.hoseok came in his own pants a few seconds after, it wasn't even because of the dry humping, just jungkook's entire existence made him want to bust a nut if he were to be completely honest. jungkook groaned and rolled himself off of hoseok, he fell next to the older on the bed and breathed hard.hoseok was breathing hard as well."ew""ew is right" hoseok chuckled, the wet feeling in his underwear felt disgusting, and he knew jungkook would agree."i didn't think this through"hoseok rubbed his face and turned his head to look at the younger, "this isn't taking it slow"jungkook clicked his tongue in annoyance, "look, seok. i'm taking it as slow as i can, i need this sometimes. this is all i've ever known""see, this is why i didn't want to do this. i didn't want you to think that you need sex or anything related to that when you're stressed or-""my entire life was revolved around it. whether it was consensual or not, this is all i know. i'm trying my hardest, but sometimes i just need it""you don't, jungkookie. you can change the way-", "ugh, seok. don't preach me after i had an orgasm, can we talk about this tomorrow?"hoseok's face softened, "are you nervous for tomorrow? is that why...?""i'm attracted to you, and you're my boyfriend," hoseok smiled at that, "so i'm allowed to do dirty things with you""you didn't answer my question""yes.yes, i'm nervous.""then next time, when you're stressed, instead of searching for a sexual release, just talk to me.sexual release is shallow, the pleasure is temporary and you still feel bad afterwards, talking... isn't always like that"jungkook blinked.they talked the entire night about their thoughts and worries,and as much as jungkook loved, or was used to anything sexual,he agreed with hoseok that this was way better. he didn't feel as stressed anymore with hoseok next to him.



They Say I Have a Problem.



jungkook's leg was shaking up and down in nervousness, waiting restlessly in yoongi's hospital room for him to come back from the first session of chemotherapy. they both had a conversation with yoongi's surgeon, doctor bae, prior, about the tests he should go through before, the kind of cancer cells destroyers yoongi is going to get, the surgery it involves, the frequency of the treatments, side effects and the results.the younger bit his lower lip, heart beating his ears. right after yoongi's second surgery they rushed him into starting chemotherapy, and jungkook almost felt bad for making him go through this.they asked jungkook if he wanted to be in the same infusion room as yoongi since he was allowed one person to be with him, jungkook declined the offer. he didn't want to see it.he didn't miss yoongi's disappointed look.he looked at the wall clock, he was waiting for three hours.jungkook perked up and got up from the chair he was sitting on when the nurse opened the door and rolled yoongi's bed into the room.yoongi had an iv bag inserted in his vein, he was holding the stand while his bed was being rolled to its previous place in his room."how is he? how are you?" jungkook looked at the nurse and then quickly turned to yoongi."he's fine, he's reacting well for now. the first and second sessions are always the scariest but easiest to go through""so it'll become worse""it will," mrs lim, the nurse, admitted and nodded her head, smile gone, "but it's for the best. it might help him a lot""might" jungkook squinted his eyes."hepatic cancer is one of the most difficult cancers to get rid of, the treatment will be more aggressive than usual. we explained everything to mr min already, if it will go well, chemotherapy might give him a few more years to live. it won't get rid of the cancer completely, it is indeed terminal"yoongi stole a glance at jungkook, and he knew the boy had enough of hearing the brutal truth."hey inna, can you go make me some tea please?"

"want something?" she faced jungkook, the latter just shook his head."sure thing, mr min" she then smiled and walked out of the room, closing the door after her."kookie, look at me" yoongi asked softly.jungkook did just that, eyes red.yoongi's heart ached at that."want to try my medical marijuana?" jungkook snorted, wiping his eyes.  "oh fuck" jungkook coughed and handed the joint to yoongi, exhaling the smoke with a sour face.they were alone in the cancer patient smoking room."isn't it the best shit you've ever smoked?" yoongi chuckled and inhaled the blunt. "does it help you? with your pain, that is"yoongi hummed in approval and released the thick smoke, "i don't feel any pain when i'm smoking it. but they told me nothing will help the side effects of the chemotherapy, not even the anti drugs they're going to give me before the sessions"jungkook sighed, "i hope it's going to be worth it in the end..." he murmured."hey, even if it's not, at least we tried""i don't want you to suffer like that""i'm going to suffer either way, it is going to get worse with or without chemotherapy. but what if it does help? then i'll live longer, isn't that what you wanted?"jungkook frowned, "you're making it sound like you only do this for me""i do, though" they shared an intense look before jungkook quickly diverted his gaze."i want you to do this for yourself, as well""you're asking me for too much"jungkook took the blunt from yoongi's hand and took a big puff, yoongi smirked.when jungkook exhaled he smirked back, "this is the best shit i've ever smoked"  jungkook came back to the hospital the next day for yoongi's second session with two bags of sushi and noodles from the restaurant they both used to like.when yoongi was done with his second session he came into the room hungry, and couldn't be more thankful towards jungkook."you're my angel. i've never craved for food like this in my entire life, i can't eat hospital food anymore" yoongi said while chewing on his food.jungkook smiled, "how are you feeling?" he was worried, yoongi could tell."still fine""tomorrow will be the third session..."yoongi nodded, "and the last one for this month""everyone is saying the third one is when things become difficult""i will be fine, they will give me the drugs i need to handle it and i have my marijuana with me"jungkook scowled, "you told me it wasn't going to help""you're here, too" yoongi looked at him, jungkook looked back."maybe i should stay the night tomorrow"yoongi frowned, "nonsense, you have your own life with your son and boyfriend, focus on them"it was weird hearing yoongi referring hoseok as his boyfriend."what if it really is as bad as people make it to be?""i'm in a hospital, jungkook, i have all the help i need"jungkook wasn't convinced.   jungkook was the most nervous on the third day, he couldn't even sit.he was pacing around the room, waiting.he felt like days passed before the door was opened and the nurse rolled yoongi's bed inside the room.jungkook gasped and ran to the bed, stopping it from moving. "are you okay?"yoongi chuckled, dark bags under his eyes, "i'm fine, kookie, move"jungkook bit his lower lip and moved, following them."you know how to use the emergency button, right? if you feel any pain at all, just press it or have your son call us immediately.we do not know how you will react to the drugs and anti drugs yet, so don't think twice before alerting us.i left you a jug of water, make sure to keep yourself hydrated"yoongi nodded, looking tired than usual.the nurse walked out of the room, jungkook closed the door."you're not okay""i am fine, i'm just tired a little bit""are you hungry? hoseok made you a homemade sandwich" jungkook walked to the desk next to yoongi's bed and handed the sandwich to him.yoongi took a small bite from the sandwich, chewed on it a bit and then scrunched his face.jungkook rolled his eyes, "are you going to make fun of him now?""i can't taste anything"jungkook tensed, heart beating faster."want to try something else? there's still leftovers from the food i brought yesterday"yoongi handed jungkook the sandwich back, the raven haired quickly searched the bag for a closed box of noodles they didn't even touch yesterday and gave it to yoongi.yoongi opened it, opening the plastic chopsticks that were inside and started to eat,he chewed and looked at jungkook, he then shook his head.jungkook's shoulders drop, "nothing?""no, but it's okay. it's probably the side effects"jungkook took a seat next to his bed, "want to try smoking?""stop worrying," yoongi smiled, "i'm fine. i thought it'd be much worse, but it was fine. they always tell me to wait in the infusion room for half an hour after everything to make sure i'll react well to the drugs, i don't think it can get any worse than this""are you scared?""of what?""everything.the side effects, dying..."yoongi took a deep breath, "i think you'd have to be stupid to not be afraid of dying"jungkook looked like a sad little puppy and yoongi just wanted to hug him."but i'll be fine, i don't have to think about this now. and neither do you""it's all i think about""how's yoongi doing?" yoongi always knew how to distract jungkook, for better or worse.and jungkook told him about mr kwon, about how he's improving his parenting with yoongi little by little, he told him a little bit about hoseok as well. yoongi just sat there and listened, proud yet uneasy. they didn't even notice how a day turned night with how much they were talking."it's getting late" jungkook looked through the window.yoongi followed his eyes and was surprised to see it was getting dark outside, "shit, i'm sorry i kept you here for so long. i didn't even notice we were talking so much""it's okay, but i should probably go back home considering you're doing fine"this was the part yoongi hated the most, he hated seeing jungkook go."let's smoke a little bit before you go"jungkook chuckled, "come on" he helped yoongi get up from the bed, and then something caught his eyes.yoongi was barefoot, and he noticed the y.k tattoo he had on his foot."you have to get rid of that" jungkook chuckled.yoongi blinked and looked at his foot.he furrowed his brows, "why? you're still my son, nothing has changed""everything has changed"yoongi then groaned, closing his eyes shut."what's wrong?" jungkook widened his eyes."my legs are kind of starting to hurt..." he groaned again.and then it hit him.it was like nothing he has ever felt before. it was undescribable pain.he screamed and fell forward, jungkook held him tightly and hopped him to the bed, beads of sweat starting to form on his forehead.he quickly pressed the emergency button several times and tried to soothe yoongi with shaky words.the nurse and a few doctors rushed dramatically to the room and jungkook stepped back.all he could hear was yoongi's pained screams,he couldn't stop the tears from coming.  yoongi was lying on his bed, drugged out of his mind.bags under his eyes, face pale, he looked and felt like death.jungkook didn't know what to do, he just sat beside him on the bed."i feel sick""they said you're going to feel like that""i'm going to throw up""they said that too"yoongi groaned, "shut up" jungkook wasn't offended, he couldn't imagine in how much pain the older was in, he shut his mouth."i'm going to die today""this is the side effects, it'll pass soon""god jungkook," yoongi covered his face with his hands, "how am i going to go through this everytime?""this is for your own good, dad, remember how we talked about it yesterday? this might help you""give me the bucket"jungkook blinked, "what?""give me the fucking bucket"jungkook looked to his right and noticed the bucket the nurse left in the room, jungkook quickly got up and handed the bucket to the older.yoongi was throwing up for hours.jungkook texted hoseok that he won't be coming back home tonight, hoseok replied that he understands and that he will come visit yoongi with baby yoongi tomorrow morning.the younger felt warmth in his heart with how accepting hoseok was.yoongi was refusing to get help from anyone around.only jungkook was allowed to sit next to him, brushing his hair back while he was throwing up to make sure no vomit could get caught in his hair.jungkook patted the damp hand towel all over yoongi's sweaty face, the latter was panting hard.jungkook never saw yoongi this weak, yoongi would disagree.  it seemed to have stopped after a few hours, jungkook told yoongi to try and sleep.yoongi didn't say a word.jungkook fell asleep on the chair next to yoongi's bed, exhausted.he woke up shortly after, or so he thought.he looked at the clock and noticed he was sleeping for three hours.he switched his sleeping position on the chair and was about to close his eyes before gasping.he saw yoongi sitting on the bed, eyes wide open."why are you awake?""i can't sleep..."even after such an exhausting day, with body filled with drugs, yoongi couldn't sleep.and jungkook knew the reason why. he sighed and got up from his chair and got closer to yoongi's bed."move"yoongi blinked, confused. "what?""move, i'm tired"yoongi frowned, even more confused, he moved.jungkook climbed the bed, squishing himself between yoongi and the bed handles."jungkook-", "night" the younger turned around, back facing yoongi.yoongi smiled, "you're stupid""you're stupid too, since this is the only way i can get you fall asleep""thank you..." yoongi whispered and lied back."mm..." jungkook's mind was drifting to sleep.he tensed when he felt a hand wrapping itself around his body. heart beating fast, and opened his eyes and waited.a few moments passed and he could hear soft snores behind him, yoongi's breath hitting the back of his neck.the older was finally sleeping.jungkook sighed, he looked at yoongi's hand wrapped around him.he then took his own hand and intertwined their fingers, closing his eyes.he fell asleep peacefully for the first time in three days.



Too Many Times.



jungkook groaned when his consciousness came back to him, he rubbed his eyes and yawned.when he finally opened his eyes, they turned wide immediately at what he was seeing in front of him.he gasped and perked up quickly, getting off the bed."this isn't what it looks like, seok" his voice was hoarse from sleep."i sure hope so" hoseok looked mad, holding baby yoongi in his arms, standing by the door.they both looked at the direction of the grunt they just heard, yoongi slowly sat up and leaned his back against the wall on the bed."god, what is that smell?" yoongi felt like he was about to throw up again.hoseok looked down at the toddler, "i guess he was too excited to see his dad"jungkook ruffled his own hair, heart beating inside his damn head, he quickly took the baby from hoseok's hands, "i'll take care of it"hoseok stopped jungkook in his track, pulling at his arm and getting the younger closer to him, he planted a loud kiss on the boy's lips."missed you"jungkook stole a glance at yoongi, who diverted his gaze from the scene."missed you too" jungkook whispered, clearing his throat, cheeks turning red.he quickly ran out of the room.hoseok closed the door behind him."this is really not what it looks like""i know, i trust him"yoongi turned to look at the man."i just don't trust you" hoseok folded his arms.yoongi shook his head, "i'm not trying to sabotage your relationship""oh really?" hoseok snickered darkly, "you may fool him, but you'll never fool me"yoongi squinted his eyes, "what are you talking about?""you want to tell me you didn't know the bill from your surgery will arrive to his address? you want to tell me you really didn't know he was going to find out?""i have cancer, hoseok. i'm going to die, the last thing i thought about was the surgery bill. he came here by himself, he wanted to be here on his own will, he wanted to help me, i didn't want to get help. not from him""do you think i'm stupid? why did you text him to move back to his place the same day the letter arrived?""'coincidence? i knew i was going to stay here for a while, and i knew he was living with you by default, i wanted him to get his house back since i won't be living in it anymore""i don't believe you""i'm not trying to make you believe me, i don't care what you think. you wanted answers, so i gave them to you""let's say you're telling the truth... why were you two sleeping in the same bed? hugging? can you explain that?"yoongi took a deep breath, "he calms me down, this was the only way i could sleep. i crossed a boundary i shouldn't have crossed, i know. i'm sorry.""you've crossed a lot of boundaries you shouldn't have crossed with him"the older sighed, "what do you want me to do? kick him out? he's my son. he didn't even ask me if i want him to be here all the time, he does what he wants""you're not making it easier for him, and i don't think you're all that miserable when he's around""i'm not, is that what you want to hear? that i'm happy that he's spending time with me? i am. but i'm not trying anything else other than that, i just want us to be okay""you will never be okay as long as you are around one another, this is a never ending cycle. you will end up hurting him again one way or another, you know it. if he can't let go, then you have to do that""i know you're right, but i'm not strong enough""i'm not opposed to the idea of... helping""don't fucking threaten me""hoseok"hoseok tensed and turned around."let's go home" jungkook said quietly. - "are you out of your fucking mind?" jungkook was furious, throwing his keys on the table harshly after placing baby yoongi on the floor to play with his toys."i'm the one who's out of my mind?" hoseok raised an eyebrow."i told you to stay out of it, this is none of your business""i've been babysitting your son while you were spooning with him, i think this has now become my business."jungkook brushed a hand through his hair in frustration and huffed, "you offered""this is not my point""i'm sorry, okay? he couldn't sleep and i- i calm him down, he's stressed and he's in pain and-""there are drugs for that, there are doctors for that. you can't help him all the time, you can't be there all the time"jungkook shook his head, "this is different, this is stronger than that. the connection we have... is stronger than that""connection? jungkook, he fucking raped you!" hoseok shouted, jungkook froze and widened his eyes."did you forget about that? did you forget about all the things he put you through? molesting you since you were ten, mentally and physically abusing you, selling you to a head mafia, cheating on you... raping you again... jungkook, did you forget all of that? he doesn't deserve your help, he doesn't deserve your sympathy and pity. he has his brother, and he has the doctors to help him. you need to help yourself, help yourself get away from him.you were doing so good, you got your own life back on track. why do you want to ruin it again by getting involved with him?"jungkook's eyes were teary, and hoseok hated himself a little bit for causing it."this isn't the same. he can't hurt me anymore""he will find a way, he always does. he still wants you, he's still in love with you. do you think he's not going to try anything? do you think he's not going to try to lure you back?""i don't want him like that anymore""he knows how to manipulate your mind"jungkook closed his eyes and released a shaky breath, "i'm going to sleep, i'm tired" jungkook cried himself to sleep.hoseok heard everything, hugging his legs on the sofa. - hoseok turned around when he heard a noise coming from the hallway.jungkook was leaning his shoulder against the wall.hoseok's face fell, "i'm so sorry babe..."jungkook shook his head, "i'm the one who needs to be sorry"hoseok frowned."i don't know why i still care, i don't know how to explain this. he's my father, he's going to die, and he's alone. even after everything, i would never forgive myself if i let him suffer alone""so you're still going to visit him"jungkook sighed and sat on the edge of the sofa, putting his hand on hoseok's thigh."i'm not going to sleep in the same bed with him again, i promise, you were right.but i do feel like i need to be there for him, even if it sounds absurd to you..."hoseok inhaled through his nose, "so what, kook? you're going to wait five to ten years til you'll finally be free from him?""he's not going to hurt me anymore. i'm not going to let him hurt me anymore.""how many times have you said that to yourself?"too many times.too many times.too many times."nothing will change"  hoseok didn't believe him. 



If You Want to Fight, Then Let's Start a Show.



waking up with hoseok next to him always felt refreshing to jungkook."kook, can i ask you something?""no, i'm not marrying you"hoseok snorted and rolled over to his side to face jungkook, "i'll cancel the honeymoon in vegas, then"jungkook widened his eyes comically and rolled to face hoseok as well, "yes, yes i do"hoseok laughed, "about starting your own class..."the smile on jungkook's face faded, he released a sigh, "i totally forgot about that""do you think you're ready now? with your father and all...""no," jungkook admitted, "i want to be fully in it, i don't want to be stressed while doing that""but kook... this is not going to end soon""at least until he finishes chemotherapy""and then you suddenly won't be stressed or worried anymore?""seok..." "i'm sorry, i'm trying to understand""give me a little bit more time""you were starting to get back on track, you were doing great focusing on your own life, and now you're suddenly focused on him again. i'm just scared that it'll ruin you again, that- that he'll ruin you again."jungkook was tired of having the same conversation over and over."you pressuring me to do something i'm not ready to do yet is no better than what he's doing" jungkook huffed and was about to turned around and get off the bed.hoseok's hand grabbing his arm stopped him."you're right, you're right. i'm sorry""hoseok, i'm not jimin"hoseok froze."i don't need your guidance, i don't need you to be a father figure to me - god, believe me when i say that.i know what i'm doing, and i know the consequences for my actions. i'm thankful for you, that you're trying to support me even though you don't completely understand where i'm coming from but i don't need you to teach me between wrong and right, and i don't need you to constantly preach me about the things i choose to do.i already told you, i used to be in a very dominant based relationship, i don't want a second round"hoseok was shocked, he let go of jungkook's arm as if it was on fire. he slowly sat up the bed.shaking his head, "god, jungkook- i didn't mean-"jungkook closed his eyes, "i know, i know you didn't. i know you only want the best for me, but i'm the only one who knows what's best for me.not my brother,not my uncle,not my father,and not you."hoseok smirked, "it's hard, isn't it?"jungkook blinked and turned his head around to face the older."it's hard being in a relationship with someone new, isn't it?i was used to parent jimin in every move he did, and you were used to yoongi understanding every move you did.it's hard not understanding one another, since it's so new"jungkook nodded quietly and then chuckled, "it's like we don't know how to be in a normative relationship""i sure as hell don't," hoseok smiled, "do you?""nope" jungkook smiled back.hoseok took jungkook's hand in his own, cupping it. "but i want to try, i want to climb through the struggles. i think you're worth it"jungkook's cheeks started to heat up, he squeezed hoseok's hand. "i think you're worth it, too"  the air in the room was getting thicker with hoseok grinding his hips down between jungkook's spread out legs.jungkook gasped into the older's mouth at the friction, gripping at his hair with one hand and grabbing the hazel haired man's waist with the other.fingers ghosting underneath his shirt, crawling up his abdomen. jungkook groaned and stopped the kiss rudely with a loud smack, looking into hoseok's eyes with eyes drunk.hoseok looked back at him just as hungry, teasing the hem of the younger's shirt with his fingers.the excited younger pushed hoseok body back a little and sat up, taking off his shirt.the older bit his lip at the glorious body in front of him, an entire feast lying at his mercy underneath him.hoseok released an animalistic growl and glued his lips to jungkook's neck, hand feeling jungkook's defined abs.jungkook felt shivers running down his spine with the way hoseok was biting and sucking on his neck, underneath his ear.he released a pretty loud moan when hoseok rolled his hips just right while biting at his earlobe. "take it off" the younger whined in hoseok ear, holding the back of his neck.hoseok licked one last stripe from jungkook's collarbone to his jawline and sat up on his knees, taking off his own shirt.fit body glistening with sweat, jungkook wanted to eat him alive.jungkook sat up as well and wrapped his hands around the man's hips, leaving a trail of kisses from hoseok's navel up to his chest.hoseok panted, looking at the younger while brushing his hand through the black hair. jungkook took one of hoseok's nipples to his mouth, nibbling on it and pulling at it slightly with his teeth. hoseok shuddered, pleasure creeping up his entire body. his pulled jungkook's hair, making the younger push his head back and look at him.hoseok bent down and kissed the boy senseless, all teeth and tongue, breaths mixing together."i want to fuck you" jungkook grunted, sliding his hand down hoseok's back until he got to where he wanted.he grabbed hoseok's mounds and spread the older's cheeks through his pants.hoseok pushed jungkook's body back to lie on the bed, the latter's body bouncing slightly at the impact.the older slid jungkook's own pants off, and as if he just can't keep his lips to himself, he immediately started to wetly kiss jungkook's hardening excitement through his now very tight and wet with pre cum boxers.jungkook closed his eyes as the pleasure was almost too much for him to handle, he threw his head back.hoseok slowly, almost agonizingly, slid jungkook's boxers down. gasping when jungkook's proud cock sprung out in front of his eyes.the older didn't even wait for jungkook to get used to the cold air hitting his most sensitive part, he just took jungkook all in."fuck-" jungkook picked up his head to look at the scene in front of him.hoseok's lips wrapped around his dick, tongue picking out while sliding his mouth up and down the shaft, side to side.the older looked up at jungkook while jungkook looked back, lips slightly parted, releasing obscene sounds.hoseok smirked with his mouth full of jungkook's cock and hollowed his cheek, using his hand to massage the base while sucking the rest like his life depended on it.when hoseok's other hand started to play with the younger's sensitive and full ball sack, jungkook knew he was going to lose it soon."oh god, hyung..."hoseok moaned around jungkook's member at the sudden use of honorifics, bobbing his head up and down faster, filling the room with noises of slurping.when he felt jungkook's cock getting a bit thicker and moving slightly in his mouth he knew the younger was about to come.jungkook came with a loud groan, shooting his load down hoseok's throat, and hoseok gladly swallowed him dry.jungkook quickly sat up, ignoring his exhausted and drained body, he cradled hoseok's face gently in his hands and kissed him, tasting himself on the other's tongue.when his hand sneaked its way to hoseok's crotch the older quickly pushed his hand away, jungkook disconnected their lips and raised an eyebrow."i'll be fine, don't worry about me" hoseok breathed into the younger's mouth and started to kiss him again before the younger could protest. jungkook noticed that it wasn't the first time hoseok stopped him from touching him like that, ignoring his own release for jungkook's own pleasure. - "i think hoseok got a small dick"yoongi choked on the salad he was currently eating.



If You Get Burned, Don't Be Surprised.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




yoongi wiped the tears that were running down his face from choking violently."i'm eating" the older coughed while looking at jungkook in utter shock."like, everytime we get intimate he'll just reject me touching him while making me cum some way or another, and i've never seen him naked from the waist down"yoongi blinked, "i don't really know how i feel about having this conversation"jungkook ignored him, "so the only logical explanation i have is that he's got a small dick and is too embarrassed to show me because he thinks i'd leave him"yoongi sighed and placed the half eaten salad on the desk next to his hospital bed, he definitely wasn't hungry anymore. "did you try to talk to him about it?"jungkook shook his head, "i just don't understand why would he think i'd leave him for something like that. i like him for he is, not his dick- oh my god""what?""maybe that's the real reason jimin cheated on him and that's why he's scared""they dated for ten years, i doubt that's the reason""do you think jimin topped? that's so weird, considering he's a slut that likes to get fucked by anyone who comes his way"yoongi snorted, "maybe that's not the reason he's not letting you touch him, maybe you should just talk to him about it""maybe jimin likes small dicks"yoongi raised his eyebrow, "excuse me?"jungkook blinked dumbly, "what? no! i'm not talking about you, why are you making everything about you?"yoongi wanted to ask the same question but decided to keep his mouth shut."maybe he doesn't want to rush things""yet he sucked my dick this morning"yoongi grunted, jealousy was an ugly thing.he tried to brush the nasty feeling, spending time with jungkook was all he wanted, he needed to bear with anything."get him drunk, then""that's rape, you should know"yoongi's breath hitched. they were looking at each other."anyway," jungkook tried to break the intense silence he just created, "even if he does have a small dick, why is that a problem? i can top, i don't mind.i'm a great top, right?"yoongi widened his eyes, "are you asking me this question?" he looked to his left and right, confirming himself that there was no one else beside him that jungkook could refer that question to.jungkook nodded.yoongi took a deep breath, considering his life choices. "yes, you are great top"jungkook suddenly regretting everything."okay, wow. i think i just realized how weird this entire thing was. i'm sorry"yoongi chuckled, "it's okay, i understand. i'm the only one you can talk to beside hoseok" jungkook cleared his throat and scratched the back of his head awkwardly, "yeah, i think i became too comfortable around you""is that a bad thing?""us being around each other is a bad thing" jungkook chuckled."why? you don't view me romantically anymore, and i'm dying. i think we're doing fine" yoongi smirked.jungkook studied the older, "do you... still?"yoongi gulped and straightened his sitting position, facing the younger. "what do you think?""how are you okay with everything?""i'm not. do you think i like hearing about you with another man?but you spending time with me means the world to me, especially since we don't have a lot of time.so i do want to hear about your life, i want to know about the things you currently do, i want to be involved even if it's by stories you tell me.you still being by my side after everything i've put you through gives me hope, you give me hope.you're still my son, after all - you are everything to me""to be honest, i don't know if i still hate you or not. i think there's a part of me that will always hate you. but i couldn't bear the thought of you dying with the fact that i still hate you, i couldn't stand the thought of you suffering alone from a mistake we both made""both?""i'm not as stupidly naive as i sometimes make myself seem," jungkook smiled, "i know i've triggered a lot of hidden ticks inside your mind""yeah, but who's fault was that? i made you infatuate with me in the first place, i made you develop dependency in the first place. and after you've grown, i just could never say no to you, never actually wanted to""it's just... like i said before, it was always you and i against the world, but i left you to face the world alone. and if you died without me knowing or helping you - i would've never forgiven myself""i used to think it was you and i against the world, but after you had your epiphany i thought maybe it was me against the world...but after i hurt you again-" jungkook froze, "i realized it was me against myself"jungkook looked down at his fingers, "what do you think about hoseok and i?""i think he's a condescending asshole who doesn't deserve you," jungkook chuckled and clicked his tongue, rolling his eyes, "but i trust him to never hurt you"jungkook flicked his eyes to look at yoongi."he's a good kid, and he makes you happy so..." he shrugged, "i'm sorry if i made you guys fight""we always argue," jungkook sighed, "that's also why i didn't want to mention the small dick thing... i just think we're both nervous since it's new to both of us.i've never been in a serious relationship"yoongi tried not to get hurt by that, tried to ignore his aching heart."you both got out of two very complicated relationships, give yourself a break. and time. and talk, always talk. don't hide things like you always do, don't make it blow up, don't ruin this for yourself"jungkook let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding, "thank you"yoongi smiled. - jungkook closed the door behind him when got back home, he was greeted by hoseok standing in the middle of the hallway staring at his phone."hey, seok, i wanted to talk-", "jimin just texted me"jungkook was taken aback."what does he want?""he apologized for disappearing, and he asked if my offer still stands""that he moves to your place?" jungkook squinted his eyes.hoseok nodded and looked at jungkook in concern.jungkook suddenly nodded, crossing his arms. "okay""okay?""okay""will you be okay with him and i living in the same house?""you don't have to come back"hoseok was confused, "what are you talking about?""you can stay here"hoseok raised his eyebrows, "are you asking me to move in with you?"jungkook shrugged. hoseok smirked, "what about my studio?"jungkook licked his lips and smirked back, "have i shown you my office room?" 



Chapter End Notes
HI PRECIOUS BABIES I MISSED TALKING TO YOUjust wanted to point out that if some of you are confused, most things i mention have already been mentioned in the story.i remember someone asking about yoongi's y.k tattoo - it was mentioned in unglued tearsand if someone is confused by the ending of this chapter - in unglued tears, jungkook told namjoon that the 'new babysitter' couldn't hear hostaged yoonah's screams since that room was soundproof for it was supposed to be a dancing studio.BTW LMAO I JUST SAW A TWEET WITH A SCREENSHOT OF MY STORY AND PEOPLE FREAKING OUT AND ASKING WHO THE FUCK IS THAT TWISTED AND WHY WOULD ANYONE WRITE SUCH A STORY JUST FROM THE TAGS I'M TRIGGERED I'M SO GLAD YOU GUYS GAVE MY STORY A CHANCE


You Made Your Bed, I Made Mine.



"i think that's it?" hoseok looked at his stuff scattered around jungkook's, and now his living room."is he already...?"hoseok nodded, "it's basically still his house as well, so we didn't need to sign anything"jungkook crossed his arms, "i don't understand how you didn't know he was hiding, didn't the police come straight to your house since it's his place too?"the older shrugged, "i guess he tried really hard to not get me involved""i can't believe we're moving in together before we even had sex" jungkook sneaked his hands around hoseok's body, hugging him from behind.hoseok chuckled and turned his body around in jungkook's embrace, "we already lived together at my place"the younger nuzzled his nose against hoseok's neck, "yeah, but we weren't..."the taller man wrapped his hands around jungkook's shoulders, smirking, "was that what you wanted to talk to me about last night?"jungkook nodded."the time will come"the raven haired boy pouted, "when?""jungkook, are you even ready to have sex?"jungkook blinked in surprise, "right now? fuck yeah-", hoseok snorted, "in general. what happened... happened so recently...""i fucked some random woman at the bar and i fucked taehyung after what happened, i felt empty inside but i was physically fine""what will be different now?"jungkook frowned, "of course this will be different, i have feelings for you. we are in a relationship.""i still want to give it a little time, until we're both ready. i don't think we are at that place yet""okay, then why don't you let me touch you? how come i'm the only one who gets release?"hoseok cleared his throat, "we'll talk about it when times come, okay?"jungkook wanted to tell hoseok that no matter the reason, he'd still like hoseok. he'd still want to be with him no matter what.but the screeching coming from yoongi's room interrupted them.they both widened their eyes.jungkook ran to the baby's room and saw his son hitting himself, crying and screaming, face wet and red."hey hey baby, what happened?" jungkook's brows furrowed in concern while he picked the baby up to his arms, hoseok behind him.the baby didn't respond, just kept on crying and hitting his head with his fists in what seemed like frustration.jungkook looked around the room to see if anything could trigger the toddler, but he found nothing.he grunted and took both of the baby's little hands in his own free hand, preventing him from hurting himself further.jungkook clicked his finger in front of yoongi's eyes so he could focus on him, the toddler kept on crying but looked at jungkook's fingers.the young man took his finger and slowly moved it into his wide open mouth, signaling yoongi the motion of eating, as if asking the baby whether he was hungry.the baby whined.jungkook looked to his side and picked up a clean diaper, wiggling it in front of the baby's arms.the baby whined again.jungkook pouted, "what, baby? what?""dada"jungkook's heart melted at that, it was still the only word yoongi could say."i'm here baby, dada is here" the baby started crying loudly again, jungkook felt helpless."i'm here, yoongi...""maybe he's not talking about you" jungkook turned around to look at hoseok with a scowl."what other dada does this baby ha- oh.""yeah, oh." - "of course he missed me, your monster of a boyfriend didn't even let me say hi to him" yoongi cooed at the baby in his arms. jungkook chuckled, "stop it""we hate hoseok, don't we baby?" yoongi asked the toddler using an annoying baby voice. jungkook snorted and rolled his eyes, "jealousy doesn't look good on you, you never wore it well"yoongi diverted his gaze to jungkook and snickered, hugging the unresponsive baby in his arms."well, he doesn't look too happy but at least he stopped crying so it probably means he just wanted to see me""he started to become really responsive to me, the sessions with mr kwon help a lot, i learned so much""well, you and him always had a special bond. i think you started to realize it when you stopped being scared of dealing with him""i think it'll become more difficult in the future""it will, of course. when he'll have to deal with strangers like kids in school and such, but it's a difficult experience for every parent. god, i cried for days when namjoon started first grade"the younger laughed, "aren't the moms supposed to cry?" "sunjung? please. she was way emotionally stronger than i was, i was a wuss until she died. i was the over paranoid parent, scared that something would happen to the both of you, always scared that someone would hurt you""oh, the irony"yoongi's smile was gone, he cleared his throat and looked at baby yoongi that was sitting on his lap."sorry" "what are you apologizing for? you're right. i was the one who hurt both of you the most""do you want him to know?""that i have cancer?""that you're dying"yoongi took a deep breath, "no. i don't think he needs that on his head right now, plus, i don't think he'll care""i sometimes wish i could be like namjoon. just... not care about you at all"they were looking at each other, eyes saying so much."i sometimes wish that, too. i wished you didn't care about me, i don't deserve that"suddenly, yoongi felt like he was suffocating.he groaned quietly, "hey, jungkook?" he tried to make his voice not shiver."mm?""i'm hungry, can you and yoongi go grab me something to eat?""from the cafeteria? i thought you hated-", "then from a restaurant near by" yoongi cut his words, breaths getting shorter, body begins to sweat.jungkook frowned, "are you okay?"no."yes, just hungry"jungkook got up from the chair and studied the older, "i'll leave yoongi here, it'll be faster-", "no, no. take him with you, i need to go the bathroom" "hey, dad. are you sure you're okay?""yes, go"so jungkook took baby yoongi in his arms and left the room.yoongi released a breath and pushed the emergency button he had next to his bed, the pain was almost too much to handle.he didn't want jungkook to see that.he didn't want jungkook to know how bad it really was.  jungkook felt uneasy.he felt like he shouldn't have left yoongi's room.when he saw nurses running through the hallway, he just knew. he just knew something was wrong.he quickly turned around and bumped into someone."i'm sorr- oh my god""oh my god" the person echoed, just as surprised as jungkook was.



Got Nothing But Madness Inside.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook studied jaehyun, long hair gone, head wrapped in a bandage, underarms over two crutches on each side of his body.once handsome features now seemed tired, jungkook bit his lower lip and furrowed his eyebrows."i thought you forgot about me" the taller man smirked."god... i had a lot of things going on i- how are you?""as okay as a man who was shot in the head can be" jaehyun chuckled.jungkook stared at him, still completely shocked. "how is that possible? i mean, how are you...?""alive?" the younger nodded dumbly, "he missed my brain, i was lucky"jungkook looked down at the man's clothes, he noticed he wasn't wearing the usual hospital gown, he was wearing his own clothes."i have to come back for check ups once in two weeks, i was already discharged" jungkook didn't know what to say, he didn't know how to react to any of this."i think you owe me an explanation"jungkook gulped.  they were sitting next to each other outside the hospital on a bench while jungkook told jaehyun everything.well, almost everything."okay, so, you want to tell me that... you slept with a woman and accidentally got her pregnant even though you were wearing protection, her head mafia step father found out about it and threatened to kill you if you don't marry her and raise the baby, so you ran with the baby once he was born and they both tried to kill you, your friends and family?"in his defense, jungkook never promised that he will tell him the whole truth.jungkook hummed."none of this makes any sense"if he only knew the truth."my entire life doesn't make any sense" the younger chuckled sadly.jaehyun smiled, "your son is cute, quiet"jungkook couldn't help but smile too, he looked down at the baby sitting on his lap, "yeah"jaehyun picked up his stare and looked at jungkook, "i forgot to ask how are you? how is everyone who was involved in this mess?""my dad killed mr kim, and the others... living their lives""why are you here?" the older frowned.jungkook's took a deep breath, "my father has cancer""and?"jungkook raised an eyebrow, "excuse me?""that man did horrible things to you, why do you care if he has cancer?"jungkook wished he could answer that without thinking about it for so long."he's my father""he did nothing to earn your care"jungkook suddenly felt the need to explain himself to jaehyun, to defend himself,and yoongi."he was great father until everything started, for both my brother and i. he always did everything he could for both of us, especially after my mother died.and even after everything started i- he never hurt me. nothing was against my will until he started drinking.but he got better and i... i fucked things up. i made things worse and it left us more damaged than we already were.i think he needs to be around me to not hurt me or himself, he needs to know that we are both on good terms and that i'm by his side"it was the first time jungkook had spoken up about his true feelings, he didn't know why he chose jaehyun to be the one to tell him that.maybe he needed to get it out of his chest already."you're more fucked up than i thought you were"jungkook widened his eyes in shock at jaehyun's words."i'm sorry, i know i'm supposed to be a therapist but i've been shot in the head because of you, i think i'm allowed to voice my opinion"the younger blinked and waited."nothing was against your will until he started drinking? what will do you need to have at the age of ten beside playing with car toys? you didn't know any better, you didn't know anything at all. you thought what he was doing to do you was normal, you lived your entire pre teen and teen years thinking that your relationship with him was normal.and why are you blaming yourself for anything? the damage you inflicted on him was the result of the damage he inflicted on you.and you thinking he needs to be around you to not hurt you is- this isn't okay, jungkook"jungkook shrugged, "what can i do? hate him forever and leave him here to die on his own? he's dying, and he's alone. and if he were to die with me being the only person who could possibly help him, i would've never forgiven myself. no matter how much he corrupted me, 'cause i fucking know myself""if he was a good father he would care about you that way you care about him""the only thing i was always sure about when it came to him was the fact that he always cared and will care about me. even after all the shit he's done, and even while he was doing it, i know that he still cared for me, loved me. i know that you don't understand-" "do you still love him?"jungkook was taken aback. "not romantically, no""doesn't sound like it""not anymore, after i realized how wrong it was""are you sure you didn't decide to stop it just because you realized it was wrong and not because you stopped having feelings for him?"jungkook froze."sorry, i was over the line"jungkook shook his head, "it's okay""you were rushing somewhere before, did i interrupt something?"jungkook gasped loudly and got up from the bench, remembering where he was planning to run in the first place."i have to go" he adjusted yoongi in his arms."go take care of your old man"jungkook sighed, "i forgot to thank you for what you did, i apologize. for everything"jaehyun shrugged and smiled, "i hope you'll be okay eventually, jungkook. it seems like you still have a lot to work on"jungkook decided to ignore that remark, "thank you so much.""goodbye, jungkook""goodbye, jaehyun. take care" - jungkook opened the door to yoongi's room as quietly as possible, he peaked behind it only to see the older lying on his side with his hand tucked under his head.eyes staring at his soul.jungkook got inside the room slowly and closed the door behind him."why didn't you tell me you were in pain?""i didn't want you to worry" jungkook sighed and went to sit beside the older's bed, "did they give you painkillers?" the man nodded."i met jaehyun"yoongi sat up quickly, puzzled, "what? he's alive?""apparently," jungkook snorted, "it was weird""god, i bet it was. poor kid was shot in the fucking head because of our drama. what did you talk about?"jungkook didn't want to get into it."why aren't you sleeping?"yoongi groaned, "i can't sleep"jungkook looked at him unamused, he handed baby yoongi to the older, "try to sleep with him next to you, maybe it'll help" only when jungkook was jolted from his sleep he realized he himself fell asleep on the chair.he turned his head to look at yoongi with his closed, hugging the baby in his arms.he titled his head to the side and smiled at the scene in front of him.until he heard a sigh.his smile was dropped."you're not asleep""i tried"jungkook growled, "i can't sleep in the same bed with you everyday""i know you can't"jungkook looked at the dark bags under yoongi's eyes."how come nothing helps you sleep?""i don't know. they tried so many sleeping pills, they even tried injecting me sleeping pills - i don't know how legal is that.they've tried everything, nothing helps me sleep besides-""besides me""yeah""so if i'm not here for an entire week-", "i won't sleep for an entire week, i guess. i'm assuming it's because i'm in a hospital, if i was home it would've been different. nothing calms me down here"jungkook sighed deeply and got up from his chair, dragging the chair to the door, leaning the chair back so it would be pressed under the door knob."what are you doing?" yoongi frowned."locking the door""why?"jungkook didn't answer, he turned around and walked towards the bed, lifting one knee up the bed."move yourself and him with you"yoongi did just that, heart beating faster.jungkook climbed up the bed, positioning himself comfortably. "you don't have to do that""oh okay, and make you stay awake when you look like death?"yoongi chuckled."i'm going to leave after you fall asleep""fair enough""shut up. sleep."yoongi smiled, heart filled with warmth.he couldn't believe he was on the same bed with jungkook and yoongi again, after everything that's happened. he didn't think this day would come.they both made a move to hug the baby between them, only to make their arms tangled around one another.they both laughed at the crazy situation, laughing and thinking what the fuck are they actually doing.but only the understood one another.no one else could.yoongi felt at peace when jungkook was around, jungkook didn't. jungkook never felt at peace when he was near yoongi.but he was used it.he was used to yoongi.and he started to think about what jaehyun said to him.he didn't realize he was staring at yoongi, and yoongi was staring back.he didn't even realize how close the actually were.yoongi sneaked a hand around jungkook's body and pressed him closer to him, not too close since baby yoongi was between their bodies."thank you" yoongi whispered, jungkook closed his eyes, entire body shaking.physical contact with yoongi still made him uncomfortable.he started to ask himself why he was doing this? why couldn't he just let yoongi go?why can't he run? yoongi gave him millions opportunities to run.why is he stuck in place?always stuck.yoongi is a nightmare jungkook just can't wake up from.jungkook inhaled sharply when he felt yoongi kiss the top of his head."thank you" yoongi whispered again and brushed jungkook's locks from his forehead, kissing the younger's forehead.jungkook shut his eyes tightly, turning his hands to fists.when yoongi kissed his nose, he made his worst mistake.he opened his eyes.yoongi was so, so close. noses brushing.both set of eyes focused on each other.jungkook wanted to die, but he never felt more alive.he hated yoongi, but he hated himself even more.when the older leaned down, lips ghosting over jungkook's, the latter gasped almost silently."don't." he tensed, and yoongi froze."don't do this" the younger whispered helplessly, closing his eyes again.maybe the nightmare called yoongi will be gone if he closed his eyes."i'm sorry.""just... sleep" why does he keep making the same mistakes?why can't he move on?why?why?why? - when jungkook came back home he was exhausted, he felt exhausted. baby yoongi sleeping in his arms."hi, baby" jungkook wanted to cry at the sound of hoseok's voice.he gently put baby yoongi on the couch, supporting the baby's body with a cushion.he turned around and hugged the older tightly, hoseok huffed and hugged back, laughing."i missed you too"jungkook quickly wiped the tears that were running down his face before hoseok could see them.



Chapter End Notes
I'll be able to reply to your comments tomorrow <3


Addicted to the Numbness.



"talk to me"jungkook groaned and opened his eyes, looking at hoseok lying next to him on their bed."about what?""something is bothering you" hoseok gently caressed jungkook's cheek, the younger leaned to the touch."am i that obvious?" he chuckled."you're not very good at lying" the older smiled."remember when i told you about jaehyun? the therapist i had in the asylum..."hoseok frowned, "the one you had sex with? who was shot?"jungkook nodded, "i met him at the hospital"hoseok raised his eyebrows in surprise, "woah, i didn't think he would make it""me neither""so what happened with him?""we talked, about everything that's happened and he- the conversation kind of shaken me""in what way?""we talked about my dad"hoseok inhaled loudly, waiting for jungkook to continue."and i was starting to get mad at myself. for still caring, for still being there for him after everything. i'm angry at myself for not being able to cut ties with him, i'm angry at myself for not being able to get away from him"hoseok studied the younger, "did he try anything?"jungkook tensed."talk to me, i will not get mad"jungkook let out a breath, "he tried to kiss me""mother fucker..." hoseok hissed through his teeth, stomach flipping, "how did that happen?""he couldn't sleep, so i-", "so you slept in the same bed with him again""i told him i'll leave the second he falls asleep, and i guessed i mislead him""i think he was the one who mislead you, that man knows how to manipulate you. maybe he was able to sleep just fine, maybe he was just looking for an excuse for you to be in the same bed with him."jungkook closed his eyes, the thought of what hoseok had just said being true made him sick."whenever i initiate physical contact with him, i'm fine. but whenever he starts i just-" hoseok wrapped his hand around jungkook's body and pressed himself closer to him, embracing him."please don't keep anything in, i want you to know you can talk to me about anything. i will never judge you"jungkook sighed and placed his hand on hoseok's hip, looking into the older's eyes, "i felt confused. scared. i felt helpless, i always feel helpless around him even when i act like i'm strong and in control.i don't know how to stop it, everytime i think i'm ready to let him go something happens that keeps me coming back""it pains me that you keep blaming yourself as if you can control it. how can you expect yourself to let him go after years of manipulation and dependency? i know i sometimes try to bring you back to your senses, but that's only because i'm worried when you're around him. i know it's not something you can change, it will always be imprinted in you.but i really want you to know that this is not your fault, only his. even when you're the one who keeps coming back - it's because the unhealthy connection he made between you two will always be there, that's all you've ever known. and maybe it would've stopped if he hadn't started to get sick, but we can't always get what we want in life""i think you were right, i think it was a mistake to help him"hoseok shrugged, "i tried to stop you to an extent, i could've tried harder but this is your life. and you're right, you're not jimin, and i'm not a father figure to you. this is an equal relationship, so i let you do what you want even if i'm against it. you know what's best for you, but you also got to make your own mistakes""the thing is, i never learn from my mistakes"hoseok's brows furrowed, "were you confused about your feelings?"jungkook froze, heart beating fast."jungkook...""i don't know. i'm scared of him yet i care for him.i hate him yet i love him""love him as a father or...?"jungkook closed his eyes again, lowering his head against hoseok's chest, exhaling through his nose."i want this. i want us. i want you. i want to get out of this hell called yoongi."hoseok hugged the younger tightly, kissing the top of his head. - jungkook closed the hospital door behind him, leaning his back against it while still holding the knob.yoongi perked up, he stared at jungkook.they were staring at each other in silence. full of tension.yoongi decided to speak up first."i don't know what came over me last night, you have no idea how sorry i am"jungkook closed his eyes, he wasn't ready to see yoongi's reaction to what he was about to say."i'm not coming back here anymore"yoongi's shoulder dropped, same with his heart. "jungkook, please... i fucked up but-""i already called seokjin hyung and told him to come, at least until you finish with chemotherapy.""i will stop chemotherapy"jungkook opened his eyes and shrugged, eyes tired. "it's your decision"tears started to fill yoongi's eyes, "jungkook, this is not fair""i'm not blaming you, we're both at fault here. we both crossed a line we shouldn't have. we can never have a normative father and son relationship, from both sides.someone has to stop it, and i decided it should be me""you can't keep playing with my heart like that. one day you're here and the other day you're walking away from me... you're hurting me"jungkook couldn't keep it together anymore, he let out a sob, tears already staining his face, "you're hurting me all the time""so this your revenge? what happened last night was a mistake i-""i'm not punishing you. i'm stopping this madness before we do something we'll both regret. these 'mistakes' will keep on happening, and you know it."yoongi didn't answer, he closed his eyes, letting the tears flow."i'll be in touch with seokjin hyung to know how you're doing"yoongi chuckled darkly, licking his tears, eyes hiding under his bangs, "you'll come back. you always come back."jungkook slammed the door behind him.



Carry On.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




hoseok smirked when he felt muscular hands circling themselves around his body from behind while he was making dinner. the only thing that covered jungkook's lower region was the towel he wrapped around his waist after he got out of the shower. the younger peppered kisses up hoseok's nape to a spot behind his ear, making the older release a quiet moan.hoseok dropped the kitchen knife he held in his hand loudly on the kitchen counter when jungkook pressed his body to his, he closed his eyes when he felt jungkook grinding against his back side.jungkook kept on trailing hot kisses all over hoseok's neck, sucking a bruise while grabbing the older's slim hips, rolling his hips against the other's ass."jungkook..." hoseok breathed out, making a move to turn around only to be held in place even tighter than before by jungkook.jungkook leaned back a little to have a fuller view of his crotch against hoseok's behind, bluntly grabbing at the mounds. the hazel haired man groaned when he felt his ass cheeks being spread open over his pants by the younger's hands, it was getting harder to breathe."fuck..." jungkook muttered when he squeezed his obvious bulge between hoseok's clothed cute little butt.he grinded faster, searching for more friction while hoseok met him when thrusting back against his clothed cock almost desperately. jungkook inhaled sharply through his nose and once again pressed his already sweaty chest to hoseok's back, leaving hot breaths and wet kisses over hoseok's shoulder. when jungkook's hand teased its way inside hoseok's pants, he was rudely stopped by hoseok's own hand.jungkook pouted and bit hoseok's neck hard, whining while doing that.hoseok released a breathy laugh mixed with a moan followed by a hiss, and tried to get jungkook off of him.jungkook whined again, refusing to release the hold he had on hoseok's neck with his teeth."you haven't told me how things went with yoongi this morning" hoseok's voice was shaky.jungkook growled and stopped biting the older's neck, nuzzling his nose against the abused area, "why you gotta ruin my boner?"hoseok snorted and turned around, cheeks flushed.he wrapped his hands around jungkook's shoulders and planted a sweet kiss on the younger's lips. when they parted their lips, hoseok looked at jungkook with a raised eyebrow, "well?"jungkook sighed, pressing the older against the kitchen counter, wanting to be as close as he physically can be with the man in front of him. "what do you think?""he was mad." it wasn't a question."of course he was mad, he's impulsive and childish"hoseok tried really hard not to smile at that.jungkook scowled, "i'm not as impulsive as childish as he is""you're sometimes worse""i want to break up"hoseok laughed loudly and hugged the boy in front of him, "i'm proud of you. i know it took a lot of courage to do that, but at least you know it's for the best"jungkook closed his eyes and hugged hoseok back, "thank you for being there for me, thank you for being so supportive yet not pushing me into doing anything i don't want to do"hoseok studied the younger when they stopped hugging, "how are you?"the raven haired man shrugged, "same old story""i hope this was the final chapter""he's dying, there will be no more chapters" jungkook was saying that, but he almost didn't believe these words came out of his own mouth."what about yoongi?"jungkook blinked dumbly, "who were we talking about just now?""your son" hoseok snorted."oh! what about him?""he misses him""i know. i-i just know how it will go. i will have no choice but to bring yoongi to visit him, and then we'll get closer again and then the never ending cycle continues""i can do that"jungkook titled his head, "you can do what?""i can bring yoongi to the hospital once a week to visit him, i don't mind.""you two are going to kill each other" jungkook chuckled at the thought of hoseok and yoongi seeing one another every week."believe me, as much as i want to-" the younger rolled his eyes, "i know he calms baby yoongi down almost as much as you do, and he needs him. i can say and think whatever i want about him, and believe me i do. but it's a fact that he took care of yoongi a lot so, if it's for his the baby then i'll gladly do it"jungkook never thought he could feel what he was feeling for hoseok again.jungkook thought yoongi had killed every emotion he ever had, ruined every chance for him to feel something for someone else.to fall for someone else."god, i..." jungkook gulped, he couldn't say that. he couldn't get the words out. it was too soon, and jungkook wasn't too sure.but hoseok smiled, he knew. he knew.he cupped jungkook's face in his hands and kissed him, jungkook was melting in his arms. - "dada!" jungkook was standing in front of the bandages area at the super market, considering whether he should buy some in case yoongi hurts himself or others.he turned around to the sound of his son's voice and widened his eyes at the object his baby was holding in his hands."put that down" jungkook was mortified, quickly grabbing it from yoongi's small hand and putting the object back in its place."looking for condoms, kook?"jungkook flinched and turned around only to be greeted by a smirking hoseok."shut up, yoongi picked it up" the younger pouted."sure..." hoseok looked at the box of condoms jungkook just put in place, "extra thin, glowing in the dark""i'm leaving" jungkook felt his cheeks getting hotter and he knew he was blushing violently, he started to roll the cart which had baby yoongi sitting in the small baby seat it had."you want?"jungkook snorted and turned around, "why? it's not like we are ever going to have sex"hoseok clicked his tongue, "of course we will, you big pervert. i'm buying, just in case""buy what you want" jungkook didn't think he could blush more."let's pick together" hoseok had a shit eating grin on his face, jungkook wanted to slap that grin off.he froze, looking at all the types and sizes, puzzled."they're condoms, jungkook, not some math equation" "i don't know, i've never..."well, he finally managed to wipe the grin off of hoseok's face somehow."never?"jungkook flicked his eyes towards hoseok and shook his head."that's... quite unsettling""well, i'm clean" jungkook frowned, failing not to sound offended. "purely by luck""don't bother to buy anything, we're not going to fuck." jungkook turned around."i'm sorry, i'm sorry," hoseok's grabbed jungkook's arm, making him turned around, "i was just surprised, i'm not judging you. want me to pick?"jungkook chuckled, "you're going to pick the glowing one""jungkook, it's fucking glowing in the dark! we can make a sword fight with our dic- no! even better! lightsaber fight!"jungkook looked at hoseok in utter shock, "why am i with you?"hoseok snorted, can't keep up the act anymore. "i'm joking, i'll just buy the extra thin one"jungkook bit his bottom lip nervously and watched as hoseok threw the box into their cart.baby yoongi followed the action and whined, trying to grab the box.jungkook pulled the baby back in his place, "no"baby yoongi scowled, eyes watering."fuck, no no no..."yoongi's screams were heard over the entire super market, people were starting to stare.and jungkook's heart dropped.yoongi kicked and punched the air, managing to drop everything that was on the shelf that he could reach.hoseok noticed that jungkook completely froze, paralyzed.yoongi was screeching, hitting himself in the head while jungkook stared numbly at what was happening.he knew how to handle it on his own, between four walls, when it's just yoongi and him.but now...like this..."take him outside. i'd do it but you're the only one who can calm him down. don't get stressed, ignore everyone else. this is your son, you know how to deal with him" jungkook was woken up from his trance, he picked up the panicked baby and quickly ran over to the exit.  he managed to calm yoongi down on his own, he was hugging the now calm baby in his arms, leaning his back against his car, staring at nothing in particular.hoseok puffed when he was finally near the car, dropping the bags onto the asphalt. "how is he?""fine...""and how are you?"jungkook sighed, he was tired of being a burden to hoseok. he always tried to prove that he doesn't need hoseok to baby him or take care of him, yet all hoseok was doing was to make sure jungkook is okay."i never experienced it in public""you're still learning, this is only the beginning. you were out of it at first, but you handled it on your own pretty well. you'll get used to it, kook, you'll know what to do"jungkook sighed again and looked down, he was tired. emotionally drained. suddenly his eyes caught something."oh my god""what?" "you bought the glowing in the dark condoms""what? no. i would never- yes. yes i did. i'm sorry."jungkook laughed, a real laugh.and suddenly he wasn't so tired anymore. 



Chapter End Notes
I KNOW I SAID I WOULD BE ABLE TO REPLY TO YOUR COMMENTS YESTERDAY I'M THE WORST AUTHOR I'M SORRY.just wanted to let you know that i had a shitty day (nothing too serious please don't worry, just... lady stuff and annoying people at work) and i came home and read all of your comments and it was the happiest part of my day; for real your comments mean a lot <3 thank you for supporting my creation i love yall i have the best readers ;-;


The Pain I'm Trying to Let Go.



yoongi rolled around in his hospital bed when he heard someone open the door.he was tired, he wasn't able to sleep properly ever since his conversation with jungkook.he sighed when he saw seokjin stepping inside and closing the door behind him.he had hoped it was jungkook."hi""so, let me guess," seokjin crossed his arms and leaned his back against the door, "the kid found out that you're sick and wanted to be there for you and you took advantage of that and tried something weird and he ran away from you"yoongi growled and rolled over again, back facing seokjin.seokjin rolled his eyes and took a seat on the chair next to yoongi's bed, "let him go, yoongi""he's the one who's not letting me go." yoongi's voice was muffled, face buried in the pillow he laid his head on."i'm sure you didn't try to make him leave"yoongi rolled over again, this time straightening up, leaning his back against the wall and turning his head to look at seokjin, "i hurt him again, hyung. how could i tell him to fuck off after he gave me another fucking chance even though i hurt him again?""because this is for his own good, for your own good. this is the same shit all over, aren't you two getting tired of it?""he's not coming back again.""good, you need to focus on your health""i don't care about my health if i don't have him in my life anymore""stop being an angsty sixteen year old emo boy, how's chemo going?""like shit. i hate every second of it""are you in pain?""all the fucking time""i'm thinking about coming back"yoongi widened his eyes, "don't you dare""now that jungkook isn't in the picture, i'm not going to let you go through chemo alone, yoongi""don't do this to me. don't make me hate myself even more for stopping you from living your life" "you're my brother""so what? you have business there, you have a house there""i have business here too""mr kim is dead, you're alone in this business now. what money are you going to make here?""i'll figure something out""i will not let you give up on your luxurious life for me""i already did that once, i would do it again in a heartbeat, yoongi. you would do the same for me""i'm tired of people stopping their life for me""who else stopped their life for you?""namjoon, dropping out of college to take revenge on me for more than a fucking decade.jungkook... after seven years of being a part of me..."seokjin frowned, "what life was jungkook living before you two met again? he was fucking people left and right, got messed with a head mafia and got addicted to heroine. you were the one who was doing fine before namjoon and jungkook came back into your life, jungkook never knew how to live without you""the tables have turned" "and that's great. he started to get his life together, new relationship, new job... he's finally getting better, do you want to ruin that for him? he used to be lost without you but now he isn't. he moved on."yoongi sighed, he knew seokjin was right, he bumped the back of his head against the wall behind him, closing his eyes. "it depends on him and him only""what do you mean?""if he wants to leave, he can leave.but if he wants to come back, i will not stop him.""you will hurt him""i always hurt him""how are you feeling about him and hoseok?"yoongi cringed, body shuddering, "i fucking hate him"seokjin snorted, "figured as much"yoongi inhaled, "but he's good for jungkook""i think every person would be better for jungkook than you""he has a small dick, though" yoongi smirked.seokjin scrunched his face, "i did not need to know that, and i really don't want to know the reason you're happy about this fact" the door was opened and yoongi's surgeon walked inside. seokjin got up from his chair and bowed to the man, "hello, i'm yoongi's older brother"the surgeon bowed back, "it's nice to meet you" he then turned to yoongi."are you here to tell me that i don't have cancer anymore?" yoongi smirked.the man sighed and yoongi's smirk was gone."i have bad news" - "whoa, seok. this is huge""you like it?" jungkook felt hoseok's hand massaging his shoulders from behind.jungkook looked around the huge empty studio, mouth wide open."do i like it? i love it" jungkook said in awe."it's going to be yours, baby. we will need to renovate a little bit, but it will soon be all yours"jungkook turned around and wrapped his arms around hoseok's shoulders, looking into the taller man's eyes, "you have no idea how happy and thankful i am, hoseok. you're making a dream of mine come true. after everything that's happened, i never thought i would get to this point"hoseok smiled, leaving a peck on jungkook's nose, "you start your class with three students, like i did when i first started with the three of you. i already have three students who are waiting to get into my summer class, i will resign them to your class instead, whenever you're ready"jungkook scowled and took a step back, disconnecting their embrace, "i don't want you to give me your students, they want you, not me""you and i are almost on the same level, jungkook, do you really not see how good you are?""i'm not as good as you, you were dancing since you were a teen. i stopped when i was seventeen""yet you're almost as good as i am, believe in yourself. i'm not just saying that because you're my boyfriend, you really are good. don't forget that the big boss wanted you to have your ownclass, he saw how good you are"jungkook blushed, looking at his son who sitting on his stroller next to the couple, as if he could save him from his embarrassment. the baby just blinked, looking into space.jungkook was startled when he heard his phone buzzing, he groaned and pulled it out from his pocket."who is it?" hoseok asked.jungkook frowned, unknown number."i don't know..."jungkook pressed answer."hello?""hello, mr min? i'm speaking from keonkang hospital"jungkook's heart dropped. 



Deceived.



"yes," jungkook looked at hoseok while still being on the phone, gulping, "i understand."hoseok was looking back, focused on what was happening.the younger cleared his throat and looked down at his feet, licking his lips, "i can't come today in such a short notice, i will stop by tomorrow"hoseok frowned."sure thing, thank you" jungkook hung up and stared at his phone."what's wrong, kook?" hoseok squeezed jungkook's biceps. "can we go home?""of course..."  "i'm going to take a shower" jungkook said once they were inside their house."jungkook, who was that? what has gotten you so troubled?"the younger unbuckled yoongi out of his stroller and picked him up, he turned around and looked at hoseok.he let out a sigh, "it was from the hospital"hoseok widened his eyes, "is everything okay?""not really. they diagnosed him with anemia, they still don't know if it's a side effect of the cancer or the treatment so they delayed his next session of chemotherapy. he needs blood transfusion and i signed a contract that said that if he needed anything...""so they want you to transfer blood to him" jungkook nodded."they told me they checked seokjin's hyung blood and there was no match, so they want to check mine""why did you tell them that you can't come today?"jungkook didn't believe he was about to say what he was about to say."because i don't want to do that."hoseok was taken aback, looking at jungkook in utter shock."i know how it will go. i go there, there will be a match because of course there will be a fucking match, it's my life we're talking about.and then we will be stuck in a room together for like four fucking hours and talk and i'll come back again and-" jungkook found it hard to breathe, heart beating faster."hey hey, baby, it's okay..." hoseok moved closer to the shaking man in front of him, "i understand. you don't have to do that""that's the shitty part, i do. i do have to do that because i signed the fucking thing"hoseok groaned in frustration, "can't your uncle do anything about it?"as if on cue, jungkook received a text.'do this for me, jungkook.' - seokjin."for fuck's sake" jungkook gritted through his teeth, looking at the screen of his phone."what happened?""when he's hurting me, they all want me to stay away from him. but when he's the hurt one, they suddenly want me to help me because they know i'm the only one who can.but they tend to forget that i'm the one who gets sucked in, that i'm the one who's going to get hurt again"hoseok took a deep breath, "you're not going there."jungkook raised an eyebrow."i won't let that happen, i won't let them make you pity him or make you feel guilty over this. you made your decision and they need to respect that.i'll bring baby yoongi to meet him tomorrow and i'll talk to him about it."jungkook bit his bottom lip nervously, "i don't know if this is a good idea"hoseok shrugged, "we'll figure it out tomorrow" - seokjin looked at hoseok with a blank face when he opened the door to yoongi's room."couldn't the kid move his ass over here?""could you move your ass over? you're blocking the way" hoseok spat back, he wasn't going to let anyone shit talk jungkook. seokjin widened his eyes and gasped dramatically, "you rude son of a-", "hyung" both seokjin and hoseok looked at yoongi.yoongi and seokjin exchanged a look and hoseok adjusted baby yoongi in his arms."go get me something to eat""you're not going to kick me out" seokjin frowned."are you doubting me? i'm hungry. i have cancer, i'm dying and i'm hungry. are you going to say no to me?"seokjin grunted and rolled his eyes, "what do you want?""the usual, thanks"seokjin bumped hoseok's shoulder with his while walking away, not before ruffling baby yoongi's hair lightly."jesus christ, he's like an old baby" hoseok closed the door behind him.yoongi snorted. seokjin was indeed a fifty two year old baby.he followed hoseok until the latter stood right in front of his bed."he's not coming back""seokjin? it wouldn't take him that long-", "i'm not talking about seokjin"yoongi inhaled through his nose and looked dead into hoseok's eyes, "i know.""no, i don't think you do. i think manipulation goes through the family, don't you dare make him feel guilty or feel like he has to do anything for you. i'm talking about your brother, as well""why are you here? what do you want, knight in a shining armor?" yoongi's words were venomous.  "i'll come over once a week to calm the baby down" he handed the baby to yoongi, and yoongi sat him on his lap, smiling at the toddler.yoongi flicked his eyes up to hoseok, "how is he?""he's fine" hoseok replied flatly and took a seat next to yoongi's bed."come on, hoseok, you've gotta give me more than that. i know that he doesn't want me in his life, but i still care"hoseok studied the man, "i don't have to tell you anything"yoongi clicked his tongue, "so what? are you going to hide information about jungkook from me until i die?"hoseok groaned, "he's getting his own studio, he's starting to teach on his own"yoongi's mouth was open wide, looking at hoseok in disbelief. "oh my- fuck... this... this is amazing. he deserves it so much""he does, he deserves the best.""wow, i'm- wow." yoongi looked genuinely happy for jungkook, and hoseok couldn't help but wonder if this is how jungkook kept falling over and over again. "we only have an hour, do you want to spend it with your grandson or talk to me?""how are things between you two?"hoseok raised an eyebrow, "excuse me?""are you guys still arguing?"hoseok snorted and shook his head, "did he tell you everything?"yoongi stole a quick glance to hoseok's crotch and chuckled, "most things" he quickly diverted his gaze to the baby. hoseok blinked, confused as to what had just happened.he hugged himself and let out a sigh, "we're learning together, this is new for both of us""it's not easy""no, it isn't""jungkook isn't easy to be with"hoseok frowned, "are you trying to make me lose interest in him?..."yoongi laughed and shrugged, "tried my luck""you're sick... you're disgusting""speaking of disgusting, where is my brother? i was hungry for real" hoseok studied the older, and then he realized.yoongi didn't take him seriously.yoongi thought hoseok was just a quick distraction to jungkook.yoongi didn't think hoseok was going to stay. but hoseok didn't care what yoongi was thinking.his opinion didn't matter.his opinion didn't matter to jungkook anymore, either.hoseok opened the door, he was about to look for seokjin, but when he noticed where seokjin was he froze."oh my god" he whispered and quickly returned to the room.yoongi looked at him, blinking."he's... i think he's busy"yoongi scowled, "busy? what is he doing?"hoseok cleared his throat, "talking to that smiley nurse... she's touching him suggestively... i don't know"yoongi closed his eyes and pulled the baby closer to him, "i can't believe this. the two most annoying people on this planet"hoseok suddenly got a text, he pulled out his phone from his pocket."i'm bored, come back to me :("and hoseok knew this wasn't the real reason jungkook wanted hoseok back home.he knew jungkook was nervous."i need to go""it's him, isn't it?" yoongi looked at him."i'll come back next week"yoongi sighed and handed the baby back to hoseok."thank you..." yoongi said when hoseok was about to leave the room.hoseok's back was still facing yoongi, "i'm not doing this for you." and then he was gone.



Unraveled Fears.



hoseok waited in the living room while jungkook was tucking yoongi in.he perked up when he heard the door closing quietly, jungkook making his way towards him."hey" jungkook smiled and bend over to plant a kiss on hoseok's lips, taking a seat next to him on the couch."hey" the older smiled back.jungkook licked his bottom lip before lightly nibbling on it, "are you hungry?"hoseok shook his head and placed his hand on jungkook's thigh, caressing the area, "are you?"jungkook shook his head as well, bouncing his other leg up and down, hoseok noticed that the younger looked quite fidgety. "i didn't murder him, if that's what you were wondering"jungkook froze, eyes wide. he then let out a breathy laugh, body language more relaxed, "i knew i could trust you" he joked."it was fine, i wasn't there for long since you texted me to come back home""i was bored"hoseok chuckled, "were you bored or nervous?"jungkook groaned, "i just don't know how i feel about all of this, i don't know if this was a good idea""we don't have to do that, you know""i know, but yoongi misses him..." hoseok studied the boy, and he started to think that it wasn't the only reason.that baby yoongi wasn't the only one who misses the older."he doesn't think we're serious" jungkook rolled his eyes and grunted, "of course he doesn't""he thinks our relationship is laughable""i've never been with someone else, i've never been in a serious relationship, he doesn't know how to react to that"hoseok motioned jungkook to moved a little bit, jungkook obliged and hoseok laid down on the couch, head leaned on jungkook's legs.the latter smiled and started to play with the older's hair.hoseok looked up at jungkook, and he knew what he wanted to ask."he... doesn't look good"jungkook tensed, hand stopped playing with his hair."he's paler, he looks tired and-", "why are you telling me this?""you wanted to ask that, i can see it in your eyes""i don't care, i don't care anymore. i don't want to know anything about how he's doing" jungkook nudged hoseok's head, the older groaned and sat up straight, jungkook got up."i won't go there again if you don't want me to, jungkook""aren't we doing this for my son?""i don't want to do anything that makes you uncomfortable""everything about him makes me uncomfortable, but i don't want to let this affect me""but it does."jungkook sighed, "let's make a deal, shall we? you go over there once a week, and tell me nothing. even if i ask, even if i look like i care, don't tell me anything.i want my son to be calm, but i also want my mind to be calm. i'm tired of stressing over this""okay, okay," hoseok stretched his hand towards jungkook, "now c'mere, gimme hugs and kisses"jungkook snorted, heart getting jittery. he startled hoseok's lap and wrapped his arms around the other's shoulders, leaning in for a kiss. - 'i want to talk' - seokjin.jungkook growled while looking at his phone, mouth full with food.it was early in the morning, way too early for getting a message like that.even baby yoongi as still asleep."what's wrong?""seokjin hyung wants to talk"hoseok clicked his tongue in annoyance, "why can't this family let you go?"jungkook wanted an answer for that as well.'i don't have anything to talk with you about' jungkook replied and turned off his phone, continuing eating his breakfast.'i'm outside your door' jungkook got up from his chair fast, making the chair slide back loudly."he's here""what?" hoseok looked at the younger, shocked expression on his face."fucking hell..." jungkook muttered under his breath, walking fast towards the door.when he opened it, he found seokjin leaning against the doorstep."you're being unfair, hyung""i know, let's talk" seokjin said softly, jungkook knew that hoseok was standing behind him, he felt it.seokjin flicked his gaze up towards hoseok, "i'll bring him back by midnight, prince charming"hoseok squinted his eyes, crossing his arms, "we have work in an hour"jungkook stared at his uncle and inhaled, "start the class without me, i'll join later"hoseok wanted to say no, he didn't want them to talk. he didn't want seokjin to make jungkook pity yoongi about his condition, he didn't want jungkook to fall into that trap again.but he knew he had no say in the matter.he sighed in defeat, "should i take yoongi with me?"jungkook turned around, brows raised, "would you mind?""of course not" "thank you"  - jungkook and seokjin were sitting at a near by cafe across one another, two cups of coffee at their table."i hate myself for asking this, for begging you do to this. i know i don't have the right, i know that i've been giving you and my brother hell for what you two had, i know.but this is his life we're talking about, and the day our parents died i promised myself that i'll take care of him no matter what happens, just like namjoon promised himself that about you. i know he was a monster, still is. i will never forgive him for anything he's done to you, to namjoon... i will never see him the same again, and he will never have my respect again.but i can't let him suffer like this, i can't let him die like this... he's still my brother. god, i wish i didn't have to do this, especially not to you.but i have to, kook... you're my only hope""that man had ruined my life. had killed every piece of innocence, happiness and hope i've ever had. gave me nightmares, anxiety... fucked up my entire view about the world. so why, hyung, tell me why would i want to help him?""do this for me."jungkook chuckled, there was something dark surrounding him, it gave seokjin goosebumps. "and what the fuck have you ever done for me?"seokjin cringed at the younger's words, "excuse me?""you were never there for me, even after you found out. you were always by his side"the older scowled, "that's not true, jungkook-", "you were the one who got him out of jail, you're one of the reasons he came back into my life, not just namjoon"seokjin's shoulders dropped, "i beat the shit out of him when i found out, i always tried to make him stay away from you. and when i knew it was stronger than me, i brought him to yours and yoonah's wedding, i did it for you. and as for getting him out of jail... jungkook, he's-""so what if he's your brother?!" jungkook started to raise his voice, people were starting to stare, "he's my fucking father! he's namjoon's father! and what?! that man made me go through hell, i don't care how he's related to me, that doesn't matter. that doesn't mean anything, blood means nothing. and i understand that now that i have yoongi.i love my son more than anything and i would never even think about hurting him and he's not blood related to me, yet all your dear brother ever did was hurt me even though he is blood related to me.tell me why the fuck does it matter?"seokjin didn't know how to answer that, he just stared at jungkook."i don't want to anything to do with him anymore, i don't want anything to do with you either since you will always be by his side.leave me out of this, i don't fucking care anymore.i don't care if he fucking dies."and then jungkook was gone. - "where were you?" yoongi raised an eyebrow when seokjin walked into his room."had to make a business call to china" the older lied and closed the door behind him, looking at his brother.yoongi looked worse each day.seokjin crossed his arms, "how are you feeling?""they had to stop giving me medication since the anemia is increasing, so now i feel all the pain i shouldn't feel" yoongi chuckled."you're going to be okay, alright? we're going to find you someone""the waiting list is long, seokjin. i doubt they'll find someone before this will get worse"seokjin took a deep breath, "we're not giving up"yoongi leaned his head back to the wall, "i just hope they didn't call jungkook"seokjin's heart dropped, "what?"the younger diverted his gaze to seokjin, "he's still registered as my caregiver. i hope they didn't bother him with this, i don't want him to get involved""you don't? what if he can help you?""god, i would rather die than to have him feel like he needs to help me after everything i made him go through"seokjin didn't even notice his body was shaking."god, yoongs... i think i made a mistake""... what did you do?" - 'i'm not coming' - jungkook."fuck..." hoseok gritted through his teeth, he knew something bad happened in jungkook's and seokjin's conversation, he just knew it.but he had to focus on his class, he had to continue working."alright, kids. let's start over" hoseok clapped his hands, smiling.even though his mind only wandered to jungkook. - jungkook was sitting on the shower floor, hugging his legs, letting the water stream on his body.letting the water mix with his tears.letting the water wash all the pain away.  
“Who said 'please' that made you hate the word so much?"
Andrew gazed at him in silence for a minute. "I did.” 
― Nora Sakavic, The King's Men




Hurts Like Hell.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




when hoseok came back home with baby yoongi sleeping silently in his arms, he found jungkook cooking while humming.hoseok frowned and laid the baby down on the couch, placing the tea table next to the couch and putting a pillow on it to make sure they toddler won't fall off the couch.he walked into the kitchen, "kook?"jungkook turned his head quickly, and his eyes turned into crescents, wide smile on his face, "hey! you're back" he wiped his hands on a hand kitchen towel and ran to hug the older.hoseok huffed and hugged the younger back, uncertain."is everything fine?""mhm" they parted the hug, though arms still wrapped around one another, looking at each other.the hazel haired man still wore a scowl on his face, "how did the conversation with your uncle go?" he studied the boy."fine," jungkook shrugged, "i told him that i'm not interested in helping and he let it go""really? after chasing you for this?" hoseok squinted his eyes."we had a nice, friendly chat""jungkook."the smile was wiped off jungkook's face, "don't."hoseok took a deep breath, "how bad was it?""i want to forget that conversation ever happened, let's move on from this" tone cold.the older wanted to keep asking, he wanted to know, he wanted to comfort jungkook, but he knew that with the latter it will only make things worse."okay, i'll drop it. but you know you can talk to me about anything, right?"jungkook smirked and put his index finger under hoseok's chin, eyes half hooded, "how about we do something else other than talking?""i thought we already talked about this, sex isn't the answer""there isn't a question, everything is fine and i want to have sex with my hot boyfriend""i want a lot of things, too" hoseok grabbed jungkook's arms. jungkook sighed, "we don't always need to talk about what is bothering us. you wanted me to be independent and not rely on anyone, right? then let me handle this myself.let me fight my own demons"hoseok knew jungkook was right. "i'm just worried""i know baby, i know," jungkook's pressed his body close to hoseok's, nuzzling his nose against the other's jaw line and sliding his hands down his back to the waistband of his pants, thumbs teasing under it.hoseok chuckled and pulled jungkook's hands away, "what did you make?" he looked over the food jungkook was making, and jungkook groaned. - "maybe he's a virgin"taehyung blinked, "wha- why are you here? why are you telling me this?"jungkook pouted, sitting on taehyung's couch, "i have no one else to talk to about this""i thought you were in therapy"jungkook furrowed his eyebrows, "how can i talk with my therapist about mine and my boyfriend's sex life?""what sex life?"taehyung burst out loud with laughter when jungkook punched his arms.snickering, "see? that's the type of shit you used to say to me. be my friend again"taehyung asked jungkook how could they be friends again after everything they've been through, after everything that's happened...but he decided to keep quiet.jungkook obviously felt lonely, and he needed taehyung to be there.and jungkook knew he was being selfish, talking with the the man who's been in love with for years about his new love interest. but he had no one, and sometimes he needed to talk about hoseok, not just with hoseok.they both used one another for different reasons, and they both learned from it.taehyung let out a breath, "you said he's been dating jimin for like, what, ten years? i really doubt that he's a virgin""oh, he fucked jimin, i know that for sure. the opposite though..."taehyung cringed at the thought, his childhood friend and dance teacher together. intimate. "well, from what i understood he and jimin had quite... intense sex life, right?"jungkook cleared his throat, "that's what i got from hoseok, jimin and... yoongi.""maybe that's all he knows? maybe he's afraid he'd lose control during sex, and that you'll get scared since you're traumatized. maybe rough sex is all that turns him on but he knows he can't do that with you"jungkook frowned, considering taehyung's words."i can fuck him rough"taehyung blinked dumbly.jungkook blinked too."i'm sorry""it's okay" taehyung stretched the back of his head awkwardly. jungkook really needs to stop talking about sex with people he slept with."maybe you should just, i don't know, talk?"jungkook grunted, "i'm so tired of talking""if you want to know the reason, you need to ask him""he keeps avoiding it"taehyung shrugged, "maybe he's got a small dick"jungkook widened his eyes, "that's what i was saying!" - "dad is sick"namjoon snorted across the glass wall between them, holding the receiver in his hand, "i know, kook, that's why i'm in jail""no, he's sick sick""oh.""he has liver cancer and he's dying"the older shrugged, "good"jungkook's shoulders dropped, "good?""good. he deserves that"the younger sighed, "yeah...""you don't think that.""i don't know what i think.""how much time he has left?""five to ten years"namjoon snickered, "well, he'll be dead by the time i get out so it doesn't really matter to me"jungkook nodded numbly."what's wrong, kook? are you worried?""i was there with him when i found out, i made him go through chemo"namjoon's expression turned cold, "are you two back in touch?""not right now, no""let me guess, he hurt you again""not really, no. he just- he tried to kiss me and i realized that no matter how much i care, we can never have a normal father and son relationship, i just had to stop it before i'd fall again""that man just keeps abusing you"jungkook frowned, "he hasn't hit nor raped me""he doesn't have to." and that it hit jungkook harder than he thought.he felt paralyzed, staring at namjoon. a single tear, and more follow."you're not just telling me this, what do you need?""i don't know. i don't know. he's getting worse and he needs blood transfusion and i don't want to do this.""then don't""and then when he dies, i'll blame myself""just remember the things he did to you and it'll pass""it won't."the shared an intense stare, and then he saw the broken look in his little brother's eyes.and namjoon knew what jungkook wanted.he knew why jungkook came.a silent pleading. they said their goodbyes, and namjoon was on his way back to his cell, two officers follow him."hey, can i ask you something?""yes?""is it possible for me to donate blood?"



Chapter End Notes
guys guys guysFleurie - Hurts Like Hellomg this song was written about my story i swear


I've Built a Home and Waited For Someone to Tear it Down.



jungkook had his head leaned on hoseok's shoulder, feet on the tea table in front of him.they were watching some drama hoseok liked, eating microwaved popcorn out of a big bowl.both hoseok and jungkook were startled when jungkook's phone suddenly went off.the younger looked to his right, at the screen of his phone, unknown number.hoseok peaked over jungkook's shoulder, "do you think it's from the hospital again?"jungkook kept staring at the number before turning his head back to the tv, "i don't care"hoseok studied the younger's face and then decided to turn his head back to the tv as well, wrapping a hand around jungkook's shoulder, pressing him closer.jungkook leaned his head back on the older's shoulder. they heard crying coming from yoongi's room, jungkook groaned and handed the popcorn bowl to hoseok, getting up.jungkook's phone went off again, this time it was the voice mail."can you check it for me? i'll go see what he wants, the password is my birthday" and at that, he was gone.hoseok panicked, was jungkook trying to test him?please remember his birthday,please remember his birthday,please remember his birthday, he kept telling himself while pressing the numbers zero nine zero one.the phone unlocked and hoseok sighed in relief.he pressed play on the voice mail jungkook had received.   hoseok leaned back against the wall next to the couch, leg dancing up and down.jungkook quietly came out of yoongi's room, closing the door behind him."he was cold-" jungkook froze when he saw hoseok's expression, "what happened?""it was namjoon"jungkook felt like his heart stopped."he said there wasn't a match with his and yoongi's blood and that he's sorry"the younger gulped, staring wide eyes at hoseok."i thought you didn't care""i don't""so why did you ask namjoon to do that?""i didn't""jungkook..." hoseok's tone softened."i didn't ask him, i just told him what is going on""so you basically asked him subconsciously since you're too scared to do that""i-""oh, and taehyung texted too while i was listening to namjoon's voice mail. he said he had a great time seeing you and that he's happy that you two are friends again"jungkook let out a breath he didn't even know he was holding."i felt alone, i wanted a friend, someone subjective" "you're becoming him"jungkook grimaced, "excuse me?""manipulating everyone to do the things you want, not considering anyone's feelings involved.you even manipulated him.are you that insecure and lost without him that you have to force people to do what you want to feel in control?"jungkook was taken aback, "i thought i told you to stay the fuck out of this""how can i, jungkook? this is all you ever think about, this is affecting your emotions, the way you talk to me, the way you treat me. you're either turning passive aggressive, or trying to ignore it completely. this is what your world revolves around, how do you expect me to stay out of it?"jungkook bit his bottom lip, begging to god that the tears won't fall. not now."if you still care, do it""i'm tired of caring about him, i try to act like i don't but i do." jungkook finally admitted."it doesn't take a genius to figure that out, jungkook. i knew all along, you just decided to run from it"jungkook grabbed the back of his neck, his shoulders hurt, "it's stronger than me""i know.""is this becoming too much for you?"hoseok let out a sigh, "i just don't know what to do, kook. on one hand, i want you to stay away from him but on second hand, i don't want you to suffer like this, i don't want you to keep battling with your own mind, own feelings""i don't know what to do either" this is the first time i'm trying to live, actually live, without him, jungkook wanted to say."do you think that donating your blood to him will make you feel better?"jungkook shook his head, "it's a 'damned if you do, damned if you don't' situation. if i don't do it, i know i'll regret it for the rest of my life.but if i do... it's the same. i'll hate myself for caring again, for helping him after he fucked up my entire life""jungkook, do you see yourself out of his life until the day he dies?"jungkook almost gasped at the question, he didn't think about it."i don't know"hoseok licked his lips, "okay, let me ask you a different question. he's going to die either way, but his situation is getting worse.do you want him to get better so he could live longer and not suffer as much?"jungkook finally let the tears flow down his cheeks, "yes""then you don't have to fall again, jungkook. you don't have to be in his life, you don't have to even fucking see him.do this for your inner peace with yourself"jungkook broke down crying, tired.tired.tired.drained.exhausted.hoseok hugged him tightly, kissing the top of his head, "you'll get through this, baby. it'll take time but i promise, there is a way out of this hell"there isn't, jungkook wanted to tell him. - jungkook blinked, "can you repeat that?""min yoongi was discharged this morning""he has stage four liver cancer and severe anemia on top of that which requires blood transfusion immediately and you want to tell me he was discharged?" "as long as he has someone to take care of him at home with the medication he needs and whilst there's no blood transfusion yet, there's no point in keeping him in the hospital unless it's for chemotherapy and other tests"jungkook looked at her with wide eyes, "someone to take care of him? i'm his caregiver""what's your name?""min jungkook"the woman scrolled through the papers and shook her head, "he unregistered you as his caregiver""he what?""there's someone else written here"jungkook's heart dropped, did seokjin take yoongi with him to china?"who is?""i'm sorry, i can't tell you that""i'm his fucking son!" jungkook raised his voice."sir, i cannot give you any information about min yoongi outside this hospital if you're not written as his caregiver, i'm going to ask you to leave before i call security" - jungkook stormed inside his house, slamming the door shut."what happened?"jungkook ignored hoseok, he dialed seokjin.seokjin declined the call, and jungkook growled.he was beyond angry."fucking hell..."hoseok sighed, adjusting the baby in his arms.jungkook suddenly got a video call from seokjin, the younger frowned and answered it."jungkook?""where is yoongi? how did they let him out of the hospital in his situation? where did you take him?""i'm in china, jungkook""how the fuck did you take him to china?! he's sick!""i didn't take him with me""what?""he's not with me. i- we had an argument, brother fight. i took a flight back to china, i don't know where he is and why they let him go""they told me someone else was registered as his caregiver, was that you?""no"jungkook's shoulders dropped.hoseok gulped, "i think i know where he is"jungkook's eyebrows furrowed, and then when it hit him he hung up the call. - jungkook banged his fist against the wooden door.hoseok's old door.jimin's new house."who is it?"  it was yoongi's voice.



I Need Something Fake.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook tried to calm down his beating heart, tried to relax his shaking body. "it's me" he wasn't sure if he could hear him, but the door was open the second he finished talking.yoongi stared at the boy with a shocked expression, "jungkook..."jungkook's eyes drifted to jimin who was peaking behind the man in front of him and jungkook felt stupid.he has no right to get mad, he has no right to be angry at yoongi nor jimin anymore."i- i just wanted to make sure you're alive," jungkook cleared his throat and looked down, "i was at the hospital and they told me-""you were at the hospital? why?" the younger opened his mind to answer but the words couldn't come out. what could he say? that he wanted to donate his own blood? that he still cared after leaving the older alone at the hospital?jungkook felt embarrassed. jungkook found himself small and hopeless in front of yoongi yet again, and it wasn't even the older's fault this time.or was it? "they probably called him to inform him that you left the hospital since he used to be registered as your caregiver and since he's your son"jungkook flicked his gaze up to jimin, eyes wide. did jimin just come to his rescue? "oh..." yoongi swallowed the lump in his throat, "how did you know i was here?"jungkook let out a breath, "it wasn't that hard to figure out"yoongi nodded.the atmosphere was so awkward jungkook almost couldn't handle it, "well, i'll go...""wait," jimin lightly moved yoongi from his way, "jungkook, can we talk?"jungkook eyed jimin, unsure."i don't think we have anything to talk about" "i have things to say, please..."yoongi watched the exchange, "you two can talk in the living room, i'm going to sleep" he said tiredly, he threw one last glance over at jungkook and turned around, dragging his legs to the room he was sleeping in.jungkook's eyes followed the older, "he looks bad"jimin nodded, "he's getting worse. i wanted to donate my blood but there was no match"the younger quickly turned his head towards jimin, "why are you helping him?""let's talk inside, please?"   "would you like anything to drink?""jimin."the latter sighed and sat next to jungkook on the couch."nothing is going on between him and i""i don't care about that anymore, you don't have to lie to me""i'm not, he helped me when i needed help and when hoseok told me he was sick i knew i had to return the favor. he only accepted my offer because he didn't want to be at the hospital anymore. there isn't any attraction between us, what happened was a one time thing-", "two time thing" jungkook corrected."two time thing" jimin agreed, "but it was different back then, we both had unfinished issues and i- we both didn't consider anyone's feelings, not even each other's.as for myself, i can fully say that i fucked up, and that i made a horrible mistake, and i hurt you and i will always feel sorry about it""why are you telling me this? i told you i don't care anymore""are you ever going to forgive me?" jimin looked at jungkook, eyes sad."what do you want from me? you want us to be friends again? because that's never going to-", "no, i just want your forgiveness. you've forgiven everyone involved yet i'm the only bad guy in this story... i wanted you to know how sorry i am, and that i don't want anything to do with him other than to help""you're helping him even though you know what he's done to me""he saved my life, jungkook""and he ruined mine."jimin bit his bottom lip, "what do you want me to do now? kick him out?""no... no, it's good that he has someone to take care of him. does seokjin know?"jimin nodded."so are you registered as his caregiver now?""yes, that was his decision. he didn't want the hospital to force you to do stuff you don't want to for him""what about his chemotherapy?""still delayed until the blood transfusion" jungkook hummed."say... were you in the hospital because you wanted to donate yours?"jungkook chuckled, "i just had a feeling that mine will match"jimin smiled, "i have a feeling that it will, too... so did you?"jungkook nodded, "waiting for the results" they fell into a comfortable silence."well, i need to go" jungkook got up from the couch, jimin followed."okay""thank you, for taking care of him that is""sure"jungkook released a breath and turned towards the door, jimin still looking at him."i- we're okay as we can be, jimin" i forgive you, that's what he wanted to say.jimin closed his eyes and licked his lips, arms cross, "okay" he had a small smile on his face.he seemed... relieved. like a heavy weight had been dropped off his shoulders."how are-" jimin gulped and closed his mouth.jungkook turned around wearing a smirk, "how are things between hoseok and i?" "yes""we're fine, slowly but surely, you know?""i hope you guys will be happy""we are" jungkook smiled, jimin smiled back.when jungkook turned his back to the older again, he froze."hey, say...""mm?"jungkook cleared his throat, "this might sound weird but- we haven't really... is there something that he is insecure about when it comes to...?"jimin gawked at the younger, "you two haven't...?"jungkook shook his head."oh boy, good luck" jimin snorted.jungkook's shoulder dropped, he knew hoseok had a small dick. he knew it."this is about the size, right?""don't worry, it's a struggle at first but you'll get used to it""how bad is it?""i've managed to get through it for eight years, you'll be fine""eight? i thought you two were together for ten years""yeah, but he refused to sleep with me until i turned eighteen"jungkook blinked, "wow okay, this is starting to get weird""just be assertive, he'll fall to it eventually"jungkook nodded dumbly."thank you..." and then he was gone. "you asshole" yoongi had his shoulder leaned against the hallway wall.jimin giggled and turned around, arms folded."what did i do?" he looked at yoongi innocently. "you knew very well what he was referring to"jimin shrugged, "he said size, i didn't tell him what size i was talking about"yoongi frowned, "how... bad is it?""oh," jimin announced dramtically, reminiscing, "after the first time we had sex, i couldn't walk properly for two weeks straight"yoongi's frown deepened.  - jungkook closed the door behind him when he finally came back home. "is he asleep?" he asked hoseok, who was walking closer to jungkook to greet him with a hug."yes," hoseok frowned, dropping his hands to his side, "why?"jungkook moved quickly towards the older and grabbed the back of his head, pressing their lips to a wet kiss.hoseok groaned into the kiss, placing his hands on jungkook's waist. they looked each other in the eyes when they parted the kiss."i want you, i want this, i want us. seokkie, i-""okay, okay..." hoseok whispered, catching jungkook's lips with his own.



Chapter End Notes
There's still two more weeks -+ to the final chapter of the Demons and Butterflies series. :(I already have an idea for a new work but I don't promise anything! I can only tell you that it'll be angsty and YoonKook focused, but nothing is confirmed yet.There was a question I always wanted to ask you guys but I always forget, who is your BTS bias? I've always wondered.Mine is not that hard to guess since my username is Yuki_Kookie lmao, BUT my bias wrecker is Taehyung, I bet you didn't expect that from the way I've portrayed his character in this story haha


Under the Dark Night.



the air in their room was getting thicker, hotter. the lights were off, the only light was the coming from outside the open window, hints of the moon and street lights hit their bodies.hoseok had his back leaned against the wall, resting comfortably against the pillows while jungkook was startling his lap.they were kissing passionately, tongues fighting for dominance against each other, breaths mixing together.jungkook had a handful of hoseok's locks between his fingers, tugging at it lightly while attacking the older's lips with his own.with his heart beating fast in his chest, hoseok placed his hands on the younger's waist, moving his thumbs in a circle motions over the smooth skin under the younger's shirt.jungkook disconnected their lips with a wet sound and repositioned himself on his knees, sitting up straight and removing the piece of cloth over his head, chest heaving.hoseok stared at the piece of art in front of him, feeling up the toned abs up and down until he stopped at jungkook's sensitive nipples.the raven haired man took a sharp inhale at the feeling of cold hands touching him.the older bit his bottom lip and flicked his fingers over both nubs, making the boy twitch. he then wrapped his hands around the other's body and pressed him closer to him, leaving a trail of wet, hot kisses on every exposed skin.jungkook released small sounds while pulling at hoseok's shirt from behind, wordlessly begging.hoseok left one last kiss on jungkook's chest and leaned back so he could take off his own shirt.the older buried his head against the crook of jungkook's neck, sliding his hands all over the sweaty, muscular back.the younger then placed his hand on hoseok's chest and pushed him back to lie on his back, hoseok huffed and smirked.jungkook smirked back, hovering over the older as he started to leave marks down his neck, to his chest, abdomen. hoseok threw his head back, brushing his fingers through the younger's hair in encouragement.jungkook sucked a bruise on the older's hip bone, both hands teasing hoseok's waistband.hoseok propped himself on his elbows and looked down at the younger, "kook, wait-"jungkook looked up at hoseok and straightened up, "i don't care."hoseok raised an eyebrow."i don't care about the size, seok, i want you and i don't care about anything else, i want to make you feel good, show you how good you make me feel""size? what are you talking about-" hoseok gasped when his sentence was cut off when jungkook took both his pants and boxers in one go.and there was silence.  "what the fuck is that?" jungkook blinked, looking at hoseok's member standing proudly in front of his face.hoseok was dumbfounded, "my dick""that is not a dick, hoseok, this is a third leg. jimin said-"hoseok frowned, "jimin?"jungkook cleared his throat, still looking at hoseok's cock "we talked"hoseok put his index finger under jungkook's chin and lifted the boy's gaze to look at him, "i- as much as i want to hear about that, i don't really think now is the time. but- did you two talk about my... dick?""i asked him if there's a reason you don't let me touch you, and i thought for a long time that you... maybe you're insecure about the size and-"hoseok widened his eyes, "jimin told you that i don't let you touch me because i have a small dick?""no! not really. i asked him if it was because of the size and he said yes i guess i didn't get what size he was referring to-" the younger didn't even notice he was blabbering."kook."jungkook gulped and looked at him."baby, the size of my dick had nothing to do with that""oh.""why didn't you talk to me about it? why did you talk to jimin instead?""i tried, but you always changed the subject"hoseok sighed, "i guess i was nervous, i'm sorry. i hope you didn't talk to someone else about it""taehyung" jungkook whispered quickly. and yoongi - but he wasn't planning on saying that.the older groaned, "let's agree not to talk with other people about our personal problems, every issue we have we can solve ourselves. these people are only making it worse for us"jungkook pouted, "so what's the reason?"hoseok let out a deep breath, "i... jimin and i had certain... preferences when it comes to sex""you're the korean mr grey." hoseok snorted, "not quite. but yes, our sex life was definitely different. it was based on a lot of dominance and role play, and... a lot of... force"and then jungkook understood."you- are you scared you're going to hurt me?""i know i won't hurt you, i will never hurt you. i just don't want to lose control with you"jungkook bit his lip, remembering when he and yoongi tried to 'spice things up' in the bedroom, only to end up with a panic attack, remembering the past.the present."do you lose control when you have all the control?"hoseok nodded."what if- what if it's the opposite? what if i have the control?"the hazel haired man shrugged, "i have no idea, i've never tried it like that before""does it have to be intense? does it have to be-?""i don't know, i don't know anything else. we developed it together and i guess it stucked to both of us.i want to make love to you, to have the most vanilla sex we can have and enjoy-"jungkook gasped, "i'm not vanilla"hoseok chuckled, "i'm sure you aren't. i just- i just know you have limits"jungkook nodded, "i do.""we can try it as you want, i don't care as long as it's with you. i just had to tell you that, i had to tell you that i was scared to lose control. i still do""but if... if you feel like you're losing control and you do something i don't like and i stop you, you will stop... right?"hoseok looked into jungkook's eyes.scared.traumatized.jungkook looked like a frightened child.hoseok felt sick.with each day passing he realizes how much pain yoongi inflicted on the younger over the years."of course i will stop if you tell me to stop, jungkook..." and hoseok wasn't sure jungkook believed him.hoseok's shoulders dropped, "are you even ready to have sex when you're sober, jungkook?""i'm not sure anymore""did i scare you?""yes." jungkook admitted."i'm sorry...""it's okay," jungkook shook his head, "i'm glad you told me" jungkook's phone suddenly went off, startling them both.the latter quickly grabbed his phone from the nightstand and answered it before it will wake yoongi up."hello?"hoseok pulled his pants up, sitting up straight and looking at the younger who was still startling his lap."what?!" jungkook looked shocked, angry."can i ask why? what the fuck is wrong with-" he groaned, listening to the words the other person on the line had to say."okay. thank you. bye" jungkook hung up and threw the phone on the bed, face red."what happened?" hoseok's brows furrowed."there was no match"hoseok was confused, "no match with whom?""my father and i. he's o negative and i'm a, i can't donate my blood. fuck." jungkook got up the bed, frustrated. hoseok took a deep breath, he wasn't surprised jungkook didn't tell him he was going to try to do it even after telling him countless times that he doesn't care.of course jungkook still cares, how could hoseok think otherwise?he doesn't stand a chance. he never did.but what can he do now when he's falling hard for the man in front of him...? - "i swear to god if you tell jungkook that i'm doing this..." yoongi stood with his arms crossed in front of hoseok, shoulder leaned against the doorstep while the nurse injected the iv bag into hoseok's vein. "i... hoseok, i don't even know how to begin thanking you. i can't believe you're o negative too...""i'm not doing this for you." hoseok glared at him, and yoongi shut his mouth.maybe he was doing that so jungkook won't be worried.maybe he was doing that so jungkook won't be worried, and stop thinking about yoongi. 



A Soul to Sell.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"do you think they had sex yet?" jimin choked on his food, turning around to see yoongi standing by the kitchen doorstep with his arms folded, frown on his face."someone is feeling better" jimin chuckled with his mouth full."i can't stop thinking about it" jimin swallowed and turned around to his food, "stop thinking about your son having sex with someone else, it's creepy"yoongi huffed in annoyance and took a seat in front of jimin across the table, "don't anger me, i spent the night at the hospital and i haven't been sleeping""i can't believe they found someone so quickly, i thought the waiting list was too long"yoongi flicked his gaze up to jimin, "yeah..." he cleared his throat, he didn't want to tell jimin who that was."you look good, hyung"yoongi raised an eyebrow, "are you trying to hit on me? 'cause that's not going to wor-", "no," jimin looked at him with an unamused expression, "i meant that you look better""i feel better" "that's great, did they tell you when you will start chemo again?""next week"jimin nodded, and then stopped chewing, "want me to come with you?""it's okay jimin, you're doing more than enough. i don't want you to risk yourself for me anymore""i'll have to take you home anyway""you don't have to stay with me all night long, though. it's okay" "do you always have to stay there for a night after a session?"yoongi nodded, "since my symptoms are unexpected and could get worse they want to make sure the chemo doesn't trigger them, they want to make sure my body accepts it even though i've done it already"jimin didn't feel hungry anymore, "i don't know how i feel about you being there alone. why did you have to fight with seokjin hyung?""if there's something jungkook took from my brother is sticking his nose to other people's business""was it about the blood transfusion?" yoongi nodded, "he begged jungkook to do that through manipulation even though jungkook specifically said he doesn't want to do that."jimin frowned, "jungkook told me he did"yoongi froze, "what?""when we talked yesterday, he told me he got his blood tested for you and that he was waiting for the results"the older felt dizzy."maybe there was no match""or maybe there was, be he regretted it"jimin furrowed his brows, "why would he do that? i- hyung, he still cares about you"yoongi closed his eyes, heart beating fast, "don't say that."jimin's face softened, "why?""it's easier to believe that he hates me and that's why he's not by my side.if i know that he still cares i... i will have an excuse to run after him""why do you think he came two nights ago? he wanted to make sure you were fine"yoongi opened his eyes again, looking at jimin with a blank stare, "i fucked up"jimin inhaled through his nose, "i figured as much, i don't even want to know what happened between you two that made him want to cut all ties with you""i don't know how to not fuck up when he's around me""act like a father, not a lover. he cares about you because you're his father, not his past boyfriend""but i love him.""if you want to keep him by your side, you still have a chance since he cares about your well being. just keep your feelings to yourself, he obviously doesn't share them with you anymore and you need to respect that. by doing the opposite, you're basically disrespecting his wishes""i don't know if i want to keep him by my side, i don't think i deserve it""i'll just text him to give him the date of your next chemo session, let's see what happens""don't, i'm bad for him, he's better off without me""not if you're going to control yourself""i can't control myself around him"jimin's blood turned cold, "fine. i won't do anything, this is not my business"yoongi bit his lower lip, observing the younger in front of him, "just the date?"jimin smirked, "just the date, nothing more. will you be a good boy?"yoongi scrunched his face, "who the fuck do you think you're talking to?""now, that's the yoongi i like"  - "babe, i'm fine" he wasn't.hoseok felt like shit, body drained, light headed.he groaned and laid on the bed slowly."you fainted in the middle of class and you want me to believe that you're fine?""i probably got dehydrated"jungkook frowned and sat next to hoseok on the bed, "want me to bring you more water?""no, i'm fine with the three liters of water you made me drink on the way home, i will throw up again""you're going to the doctor first thing in the morning and that's final"hoseok grunted, "fine, but after that i'm going to wor-", "no the fuck you don't.""jungkook, i have to. the class is relied on me""i'll replace you, you're going to rest until you feel better. and it doesn't take a night to feel better after dehydration"the older pouted, "then you're staying with me"jungkook chuckled and caressed hoseok's arm, dragging his fingertips over the exposed skin, hoseok wanted to hiss, jungkook was touching right below the covered injected area from last night, but he didn't want the younger to get curious, "and who's going to earn money? yoongi?""i'm the one who's paying you anyway, i'll pay you for the days you miss"jungkook rolled his eyes, "no""i'll pay you extra if you stay with me""you can't buy me with money. and besides, what will i even do here with you? be your personal nurse?"hoseok blinked, "double the extra paycheck, i like that idea"jungkook smirked, "if you want me to be your nurse, i can do it for free, i don't need your money""is that a promise?" hoseok's eyes turned dark.jungkook licked his lips and looked down at hoseok's... excitement. he looked back up at hoseok's face, "i'll think about it when you start to feel better"hoseok's eyes returned to their previous form, a scowl on his face, "now, that doesn't make any sense. as a nurse you're supposed to take care of me when i'm sick, not when i'm healthy"jungkook laughed, "how are you feeling?"the older took a deep breath, "not great actually, i think i'll just go to sleep. i feel dizzy""i wonder what started this..." jungkook bit his lower lip and looked at hoseok in concern.hoseok cleared his throat, he knew what started this.hoseok came to the conclusion that lying to jungkook is the worst."want to cuddle?"jungkook sighed, "i need to make yoongi fall asleep, if we want to take a nap he needs to take one too...""i'll wait for you""nonsense, you go to sleep. i'll bring you a bottle of water to have by the bed"and jungkook was gone.hoseok stared at the ceiling, he felt how the guilt was eating him alive.he was startled when he heard the sound of a text coming in.it was jungkook's phone.hoseok grabbed the younger's phone, "hey, kook! you got a te-"'i know that you were worried so in case you were wondering, yoongi finally got his blood transfusion, he's doing fine... as fine as he can be' - jimin's number.another text.'his next chemotherapy session is next thursday at seven pm, he'll come alone.'"this fucker" hoseok whispered and reread the text.they were trying to lure jungkook back in, he just knew it.he looked around him, and he came to the final decision. he deleted the second text. "you called?" hoseok gasped and turned his head towards jungkook's direction.he quickly collected himself, heart still beating fast, "jimin texted you""oh..." jungkook took his phone from hoseok's hand and read the text, shoulders visibly dropping, "woah""what does it say?" liar.jungkook was still looking at his phone screen, "someone donated their blood to my dad""that's great, it's what you wanted... right?"jungkook wanted to know more.needed to know more."yes" liar.



Chapter End Notes
btw about the blood types - it is very possible that yoongi's blood type doesn't match with namjoon's or jungkook's.no one but -O can donate to -O, this blood type is also very rare so if sunjung was either A, B or AB it is very possible that both kids got her blood type rather than yoongi's.it also possible that the child doesn't have either of the parent's blood type.(no plot twists about yoongi's and jungkook's blood relation lmao they are indeed a father and a son)


Til the Day I Die.



"did he answer you?" yoongi had his shoulder leaned against the hallway wall, looking at jimin who was sitting on the couch watching tv.jimin sighed, sympathy in his eyes, brows furrowed. he shook his head slowly.yoongi licked his lips and rubbed his temple, "sending him the date was a mistake, he doesn't care and that-"hurts me.kills me."i'm sorry.""don't be. i shouldn't have let you do that in the first place" he turned around and walked to his room, closing the door behind him.jimin bit his bottom lip and peaked at his phone - no texts.he groaned and threw his head back in frustration.  - jungkook beamed when he felt hoseok's arms wrapped themselves around him from behind on their bed."morning" the younger said softly, leaning back to the touch, pressing himself closer to hoseok's chest."morning" the latter replied groggily while nuzzling his nose against the crook of the younger's neck."how are you feeling?""like shit, i need to be spoiled until i'm better" jungkook snorted and turned around in hoseok's embrace, "i have a meeting with mr kwon soon, i can't spoil you all day. nice try, though"hoseok pouted, "what will i do in this empty house? all alone? sick, on top of that?""i'm sure you'll survive""what if i don't?""i won't let you die on me, too" jungkook chuckled and rolled his way out of the bed.hoseok didn't miss the 'too'.the younger stretched his body, yawning loudly while hoseok looked at him.adoration, guilt, hoseok was feeling everything.hoseok kind of understood yoongi in a way, the way jungkook could mess with his mind without even intending.   hoseok watched sadly as jungkook was all ready to go, yoongi in his arms."you're leaving me"jungkook clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes, "i'll come back in a hour, you big baby""i'm sick and i want to be with you, is that a crime?"jungkook giggled and hoseok melted, the younger kissed him briefly, "go rest""okay, mom"jungkook looked at him unamused, "i'm leaving""don't forget about me!""shut up!" jungkook called, though there was no venom in his words, he closed the door behind him.hoseok quickly ran to the room and took his phone.he waited on the line and sat on the bed, leg bouncing up and down."hello?" "hey, my name is jung hoseok and i was hospitalized two night ago for a blood transfusion, i was the donating one. i fainted yesterday, and i feel week. i wanted to ask if it's normal?"  when hoseok got the confirmation he needed, that it was indeed a normal reaction and if it goes on after a couple of days he should make sure to check it, he decided to practice a little in jungkook's studio.the boredom was winning over him, and the stress as well.dancing was the only thing that calmed him down, now that jungkook is one of the reasons for his stress.he danced and danced until there was no strength left in his body, he fell on the ground, sweating and panting.he was still weak, he noticed. stamina a lot weaker.he didn't even notice how many hours he was dancing until the door of the studio suddenly open.hoseok perked up and turned his head around towards the door."what are you doing?", jungkook frowned, concern on his face, "you're still weak""i had to, i can't not dance"jungkook sighed and closed the door, making his way next to hoseok, sitting down on the floor."how are you?""not in my greatest shape. how was the meeting?"jungkook nodded, "it was good, yoongi fell asleep on the way back. glad to see you survived without me"hoseok smirked, "i almost didn't make it"jungkook smirked back and leaned to kiss the older before scrunching his nose, "you sure smell like death"hoseok fake gasped, dramatically widening his mouth, "how dare you?""go take a shower before that smell sticks to me" jungkook pinched his nose."your nose is too big, that's why you smell it so strongly""oh, it's on, mister" hoseok laughed, "come take a shower with me"jungkook studied the man and snickered, raising an eyebrow, "let's go, then" he got up from the floor and took his shirt off.hoseok's heart started to beat faster, he got up as well and took his shirt off.the younger's smile faded."what's that?"hoseok frowned and followed jungkook's eyes, he froze.the bandage on his arm.fuck.hoseok cleared his throat, "n-nothing, when i fainted i kind of hurt myself so i wrapped it""let me see... is it bad?"hoseok quickly pulled his arm back from jungkook's hold, "i'm fine, baby, forget about it""you'll have to take it off in the shower anyway, i want to see""jungkook, drop it."the raven haired boy was taken aback, "are you... hiding it from me? what's wrong with you? how bad was it?""i'm going to take a shower"jungkook grabbed his arm and took of the bandage off forcefully.they both froze.hoseok closed his eyes.jungkook couldn't take his eyes off hoseok's arm.that wasn't just a bruise, it was a bruise from... injection."are you taking drugs?"hoseok opened his eyes and looked at the younger with a shocked expression, "what? of course not, jungkook""so what the fuck is that?"hoseok took a deep breath, he didn't know what to answer. silence."hoseok, what is your blood type?"hoseok closed his eyes again, "don't do this"jungkook tightened his hold around hoseok's arm, making the latter hiss in surprise, eyes now wide."i asked, what is your blood type?" jungkook's tone was dangerous."o negative..."jungkook's shoulders dropped, face falling, "tell me you didn't"hoseok kept his mouth shut."hoseok, tell me you didn't do what i think you did""i thought that's what you wanted, was i wrong?"jungkook looked at hoseok, still in utter shock, "why didn't you tell me?""you would've never let me do it""hoseok... why?""no matter how opposed i am to everything that's been happening, i know that you care. i know that it's bothering you.i asked you if you want him to live longer, and you said yes.how could i sit and do nothing?when you told me he was o negative too, i knew it was a sign"it was half true, hoseok wasn't going to explain the full reason.he wasn't going to tell jungkook that he did that to make jungkook forget once and for all about the devil he calls father."you didn't have to do it, i'm so- i'm so sorry if i ever made you feel like you have to do it for me... god, hoseok-""i love you, jungkook," jungkook tensed, eyes wide, "i would do anything for you, as cheesy as it sounds"jungkook was breathing hard, looking into hoseok's eyes.and he believed him.and it wasn't because it was all he's ever known.it wasn't because he was raised to believe hoseok's words.his heart was fluttering, not because he was forced to feel this way.not because he had to.he believed hoseok really loved him, and would do anything for him.that proved it. as fucked up as it was, this what made jungkook trust the older.he grabbed hoseok's face with both hands and pressed their lips together.it was messy, clumsy but full of emotions poured into it.maybe he was thankful,maybe he was relieved,maybe it was everything.but he trusts hoseok.he felt like he finally trusts a person who was worth it. and hoseok tried to ignore his thoughts, thoughts about jungkook kissing him because he saved his father's life... or in other words, he saved his true love's life and jungkook was thanking him in the only way he knows how.



Which One of Us is Worse?
Chapter Notes
WARNING - hopekook smut

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




hoseok moaned into jungkook's mouth when he was pushed against the wall, hands tightly holding onto the younger's waist."kook-" jungkook cut his words with another searing kiss, pressing his body against hoseok.the hazel haired man tightened his hold on the boy and slightly pushed the latter off of him, meeting his half hooded, filled with lust eyes."honey, wait a second..." "i don't want to wait anymore, i'm ready."hoseok's heart missed a beat, "baby, i don't want this to be a way to thank me for what i did, i don't want to take advantage-""you're not taking advantaged of me, i'm a grown ass man and this is not my way of thanking you.i- hoseok, you've just proven me that you know what i'm feeling even i don't say anything, that you you'd anything to calm me down... that you truly care about me and that i can trust you. i trust you, and i want this"hoseok studied the younger, still unsure."i want you" jungkook whispered and bit his lower lip, eyes almost closing. he leaned his head so his lips could ghost over hoseok's.hoseok was intoxicated by jungkook's scent, jungkook's presence. "are you sure?" hoseok's voice dropped an octave, jungkook's cock twitched at that."i've never been so sure of anything my entire life" the raven haired man breathed out, placing his hands next to either side of hoseok's head on the wall."are you sure sure?""fuck me."and that all that took for hoseok to lose his fucking mind.he grabbed jungkook by the back of his neck with one hand, pulling him down for a bruising kiss.the younger gasped when he was suddenly turned around and now his back was pressed against the wall with hoseok hovering him.neither would admit the embarrassing squeal that came out of jungkook's mouth when hoseok grabbed his ass through his jeans and picked him up.jungkook wrapped his legs around his hips instinctively, circling his arms around his neck for support.hoseok rolled his hips up sharply, attacking jungkook's lips.the younger mewled at the friction of hoseok's bulge brushing against his clothed ass and tugged at hoseok's hair, strands between his fingers.the older inhaled through his nose and turned around with jungkook still in his hands, he crouched and gently laid the man on the floor.jungkook immediately spread his legs, and hoseok crawled between them, resting his forearms on each side of jungkook's head, breaths mixing together.sweaty chests glued to each other.jungkook bucked his hips up to meet hoseok's, "take it off" he almost pleaded with a strained voice.hoseok chuckled and straightened up, sliding off his pants and boxers, cock freed, standing proudly.the boy licked his lips and repositioned himself on all fours, face centimeters from hoseok's dick."i... can we talk about this?"hoseok looked down at jungkook and blinked dumbly."how is this even humanly possible?you're asian, that's not even genetically possible. how did you fuck jim- my god, he's so small, seokkie, it's a miracle that he can still walk on two legs""can you not talk about jimin when i'm about to deep throat you?"jungkook flicked his eyes up to hoseok.the older flinched at his own words, eyes wide, "unless you don't want it"jungkook looked back down at hoseok's cock, "i might throw up with how big it is"hoseok snorted, "i'll be gentle""i don't remember asking you to be gentle"  hoseok grunted at the noises jungkook was making.slurping, chocking and moaning around his cock, coating it with saliva, tongue stroking the shaft while his movements were being controlled by hoseok's grip on his hair.when hoseok felt like he was about to reach his limit he gently pulled the younger's mouth off his dick, jungkook releasing it with a loud pop sound.the older almost cooed at the sinful sight beneath him. jungkook looking at him with big, teary, innocent eyes, lips wet and red, body begging to be touched.he rested jungkook back on the floor and and kissed him deeply while removing his jeans and boxers, leaving the younger stark naked underneath him. jungkook held the back of his thighs up in the air when hoseok went to town on his hole.sharp tongue probing at his entrance, delicate fingers gripping tightly at his ass cheeks and spreading it.the younger squirmed when hoseok's fingers pushed through inside of him, the other hand smoothing up his thigh in reassurance.there were beads of sweat on hoseok's forehead, heart beating fast at how tight and warm jungkook felt.he made his way up jungkook's body, noses touching."god, i usually last much longer in foreplay but i just need to be inside of you""come on, then...""should i get the condom?"jungkook squinted his eyes,"the glowing one? forget about it""i bought a normal on-" hoseok's words were cut off once again by jungkook's lips on his own."stop worrying so much" hoseok melted at that smile. "are you ready?"jungkook nodded and bit his lower lip, not trusting his voice.when the older's cock touched his opening, he froze.flashbacks were flashing inside his mind.in front of his eyes.memories.bad ones.horrible ones.heart beating in his ears.tears forming in his eyes.he was mad at himself.he wad mad at yoongi.hoseok looked at jungkook's face and frowned, "baby?""i can't do this..." jungkook panted, dropping his legs on the floor and covering his face with his hands."hey hey," hoseok lifted the boy up and hugged him tightly, "we don't have to do this, "i'm so sorry" jungkook hugged hoseok back just as tightly, letting himself cry on his shoulder, body shuddering."it's not you who should be sorry, love"it should be him.yoongi. - "aren't you scared to let him go by himself?" hoseok asked, looking at yoongi who was wobbling his way to the playing area at the park.jungkook and hoseok were sitting next to each other on the bench in front of it.they didn't talk about what happened the other day, they didn't have to."we're right here, let him discover a little"hoseok raised his hands in defeat, "you're the dad"jungkook had goosebumps, "this is weird""what is?" hoseok looked at the younger."my association with the word dad is... it leaves a bitter taste on my tongue, brings back a lot of ugly memories.but when you say it to me i- i feel proud"the older smiled, "you should be proud"jungkook smiled back, taking hoseok's hand in his own."want to play with me?" they heard a little girl's voice, they turned around to see the girl handing a toy to yoongi.yoongi looked at her with a blank stare and turned around from her, wobbling away.hoseok chuckled, "savage. like his father"jungkook chuckled sadly, he actually wished yoongi will make friends.yoongi fell on his butt, but unlike other babies that would fall and cry, he just sat there and played with his fingers.jungkook took a deep breath.they suddenly heard a dog barking, jungkook turned his head towards the noise and saw a big black dog running and barking towards yoongi.blood turning cold, he gasped loudly and both he and hoseok got up from the bench, both ready to run.but then the dog stopped and started sniffing the toddler.and yoongi laughed.loudly.jungkook has heard yoongi laugh before, but not like this.the dog laid its big head on yoongi's little legs and wiggled its tail, waiting to be pet.yoongi smiled widely, letting out cute little giggles while petting the dogs as gently as he could.jungkook froze, looking at the scene in front of him.hoseok smiled, "my god, this is ama-" he caught jungkook's face. jungkook's thinking face."jungkook, don't you even dare thinking about it, don't you fucking dar-"  hoseok looked at a very happy and smiley jungkook with an unamused look when the latter brought home a huge ass dog the next morning.



Chapter End Notes
starting from thursday i'll probably post 2 chapters a day, not a promisemaybeidkbtw i added hopekook - i'll explain everything on the last chapterlove yall the mosttt <3


Way Down We Go.



"that monster peed on the couch"jungkook punched hoseok's arm and pushed him away from the couch, looking at the big stain."be nice to pukka"hoseok turned his head to look at the big black golden retriever sitting near his leg, wiggling her tail with her tongue out with baby yoongi sitting next to her.he groaned.she was cute, he guessed.but then when the smell of piss hit his nose he remembered why he hated her in the first place."she doesn't look like a puppy, why is she peeing on the couch? is she not trained?"jungkook bit his lower lip.hoseok took a deep breath, "what did you do, jungkook?""i- she's not a puppy, not even close.""that's what i said... what do you mean not even clos- how old is she, kook?"jungkook mumbled something under his breath, it was so quiet and fast that hoseok couldn't quite catch that.the older frowned, "jungkook""she's a senior dog... and has kidney problems... and probably won't live long..."hoseok's shoulders dropped, he wanted to be mad at jungkook for bringing an old, sick dog to their home when they have enough problems as it is, but there was one question in his mind."why would you do that to yoongi? what if she suddenly dies after spending so much time with her?"jungkook sighed, "you're right, i know. but they told me in the animal shelter that no one wanted to adopt her and that they wanted to put her down. i couldn't... hoseok, how could i leave an old, sick living thing to die on its own?"hoseok thought that this wasn't an unfamiliar scenario to jungkook.that dog was an emotional replacement to... to yoongi.another reason to hate that fucking dog."i'm not taking care of her, you can forget about that. i'm not cleaning after her or taking her out" hoseok turned around in anger.or was it jealousy? was he jealous of a dog?he stopped when he heard precious laughter.he turned around and his features softened when he saw how well yoongi was playing with her, how he would throw a toy and laughs when she brings it backjungkook was hugging himself, smiling at the scene in front of him.hoseok grunted, "i'll only take her out at night time, and that's final."he was about to turn around again when he suddenly heard... words."poogga!" both jungkook and hoseok froze and looked at the pair on the floor.jungkook's eyes were wide, they started to get glossy, heart filled with unreadable emotions.the toddler kept making noises that sounded like sentences to pukka, petting her and smiling at her."he's talking to her..." hoseok picked up his gaze to look at jungkook, and he knew he couldn't fight this."i'll only clean after her if she pees... poop is on you." he growled and turned around, making his way to their room."love you!"hoseok tensed, he blinked rapidity and turned his head around to look at the younger.jungkook was smiling smugly, winking mischievously. like he was planning the entire thing from the beginning.hoseok clicked his tongue, "go fuck yourself" but he was smiling back. - "why is there a fucking dog in my house?" yoongi had his shoulder leaned against the hallway wall, hands crossed."first of all, this is technically still my house," hoseok adjusted baby yoongi in his arms, "second of all, thank you. i was asking jungkook the same thing. but she and the baby are inseparable"yoongi raised an eyebrow, "it was jungkook's idea?"hoseok nodded and handed the baby to the older, yoongi smiled at the toddler and took him to his arms."i never allowed pets inside the house""maybe that's the reason" hoseok shrugged.yoongi was about to open his mouth, but he caught jimin signaling him not to answer back behind hoseok's back.the older inhaled sharply, he threw a deadly stare at hoseok and went to sit on the couch, his legs hurt, he couldn't stand for long.pukka sniffed around the place, getting to know the new scents she was smelling.when she got to jimin she started to wiggle her tail aggressively and jumped on him.jimin laughed and petted the cute dog, "she's adorable"yoongi looked at jimin with a blank stare, "don't even think about it""that's what i told jungkook and look where we are today" hoseok sighed and looked at pukka, who was sniffing her way to yoongi.the dog suddenly froze. she picked her head up to yoongi, her tail almost hidden between her legs.she started to bark, loud. startling everyone.she kept barking at yoongi, "what the fuck is wrong with her?"when she was about to jump on the older, yoongi gently placed the baby on the floor and the dog was relaxed again, circling her way around him.she caught yoongi's stare again and snarled. "dogs can feel evil spirits inside of people"hoseok may have given his blood to yoongi, but the older couldn't stay quiet anymore.he took a deep breath and stood up, furious, "listen here, you mother fuc-"hoseok hissed in pain when jimin smacked him on the back of his head."play nice, you two."yoongi sighed, "i want to spend time with my grandson, will that dog keep attacking me everytime i touch him?"the question was referred to hoseok.hoseok took a deep breath, "i'll hold her. i suggest you go to another room, i won't bring her next time"  jimin cleared his throat when he stayed alone with hoseok in the living room, yoongi and the baby inside yoongi's room."seok... can i ask you something?""what's wrong?"the younger licked his lips, he seemed nervous, brows furrowed, "i texted jungkook about yoongi's next chemo session and he hasn't answered me... i can't come with him and i know jungkook doesn't want him to be in this alone and now that seokjin hyung isn't in the picture... i know that you and yoongi hate each other but... but did jungkook see the message? did he tell you something about it?"hoseok gulped, crossing his arms, "no, he hasn't said anything to me about it." he lied."oh... okay"hoseok wanted to throw up, the guilt was creeping up inside of him. - it was thursday, and hoseok wasn't able to fall asleep last night.he looked at his phone, it was six pm.an hour before yoongi's chemotherapy session.he was sitting in front of jungkook who had baby yoongi in a stroller next to him in an italian restaurant, he wanted to spoil his boyfriend.or maybe distract himself.but when he looked at jungkook, how his strong jaw was supported by his delicate hand, looking down at the menu.pursed soft lips, innocent eyes.he hated himself.jungkook didn't deserve it. "jungkook...""i think i've decided what i want""jungkook-""want to share a plate?""jungkook, yoongi has a chemo session in an hour"jungkook flinched, eyes flicking to meet hoseok's."what?""it starts at seven"the younger's breath was caught in his throat, "how do you know?""i-" hoseok took a deep breath, "i lied to you.""about what?" jungkook's eyes got dark.and he told jungkook everything he's done.jungkook looked at him in disbelief, breathing hard, body panicking.he quickly got up, the chair was dragged back loudly, making people stare, "keep an eye on him."it wasn't a request.he ran out of the restaurant, and hoseok felt like the biggest piece of shit in the world.



Over and Over Again.



when jungkook stormed into yoongi's hospital room, his body felt ice cold at what he was seeing in front of his eyes.two nurses by his side, one injecting into his vein a substance jungkook wasn't familiar with,the other was holding a bucket under yoongi's head while the latter vomited into it.jungkook grimaced at the sounds of pained hurls coming from the older's throat."what happened?"yoongi picked his head up from the bucket at the sound of the familiar voice while the two nurses turned around to jungkook's direction."he's not reacting well to the therapy"jungkook closed the door behind him and rushed to yoongi's bed.the older looked terrible. face pale, almost on the yellow-ish side, dark bags under his tired and red eyes."we've given him some painkillers and something that would calm the side effects"yoongi groaned and started to throw up again, and jungkook's heart ached.he couldn't believe he almost didn't come, almost left yoongi to suffer on his own.it was jungkook's long time wish, that yoongi would suffer badly,but now - now that he's actually seeing it, he understood the meaning behind 'be careful what you wish for, because you just might get it'.   "open up"yoongi grunted in annoyance and opened his mouth wide.after the influence of the drugs yoongi was given has started, he complained about the taste of vomit in his mouth.when jungkook suggested that he would go brush his teeth to get rid of the taste, the older said he couldn't move his body yet.so he decided to take things to his own hands, literally.yoongi was half sitting on the bed while jungkook stood up in front of him, brushing his teeth and tongue as thoroughly as he could."this is embarrassing" yoongi complained, voice muffled by the tooth brush that was inside of his mouth."spit," jungkook brought the bucket under yoongi's chin, and the latter spat the toothpaste into the bucket."what's embarrassing? the fact that you just had a bad reaction to your chemotherapy and now you can't move your body from the pain?""it's embarrassing that you need to take care of me like i'm a baby"jungkook sighed and threw the toothbrush inside of the bucket, the nurses will throw it up and bring yoongi a new one in the morning anyway."would you prefer a nurse to do that for you?"yoongi flicked his eyes up to jungkook, "i didn't think you'd come"the younger took a deep breath, "i almost didn't, i didn't know you had a session today"yoongi frowned, "jimin told me he texted you"the raven haired boy gulped, "hoseok deleted that text"yoongi's face turned cold, and laid down on the bed, "i knew i hated that son of a bitch for a reason,"he then turned his head towards jungkook, "you didn't have to come, though""i know i didn't have to. i don't have to do anything involving you, but i couldn't leave you here alone now that seokjin isn't here"yoongi looked into jungkook's eyes."why did you two fight?" "you know why""i don't think i do""i didn't want you to do the blood transfer thing, i didn't want you to feel obliged to do that. all he did and said to you happened behind my back, without my permission. i wanted to give you space, like you asked for"the younger crossed his arms, looking down at his feet, "he was worried, i guess""don't side with him, what he did was wrong"jungkook picked up his gaze to look at yoongi, shoulder leaning against the wall, "i just don't want you to be alone in this, but i also don't want to be here""you shouldn't have came, i wouldn't blame you""i would blame me."they shared an intense stare, silence filling the room."why did you leave in the first place?", yoongi couldn't help but ask that question, "was it because i tried to...?"jungkook closed his eyes, "it was definitely one of the reasons""what were the other reasons?"jungkook opened his eyes slowly, "do you really need more?"yoongi let out a breath, starting to feel his body again."how are you feeling?""like hell, but better"jungkook nodded and sat on the chair next to the bed, "you should try to go to sleep""i can't sleep in this damn hospital""i'm not sleeping in the same bad with you.""i didn't ask you to." yoongi replied.jungkook leaned back in his chair, throwing his head back and closing his eyes, "try to sleep, count some sheep, i'm going to sleep""jungkook, you really don't have to do that""good night, wake me up when you feel like shit"yoongi looked at son, heart filled with warmth.how could he feel like shit with jungkook around?he smiled.   jungkook woke up from sounds coming outside the room.when he opened his eyes he realized the door wasn't closed, probably the nurses who came to check on yoongi didn't close it.he yawned quietly and got up from his chair, scratching one eye.he walked to close the door, he turned around to come back to the chair he was sleeping on yet he was greeted with a very wide awake yoongi looking at the ceiling on his bed.he observed the scene in front of him, studying yoongi.fighting with his own mind, own demons.why did he feel so bad for the dying man in this room after everything?why? why did he feel like this?why does he feel like this?why does he still feel like this?he took a deep breath and came closer to the bed, climbing on it.yoongi widened his eyes."move" jungkook said groggily, eyes half closed."i don't think this is a good idea, jungkook""i want you to sleep as long as you still feel alright, i don't want the drugs to stop effecting your body until you've been sleeping properly"yoongi hated how weak he was against jungkook.he moved, making space for jungkook to lay next to him.they were both lying on their back, staring at the ceiling."i'm glad i didn't entirely ruined everything... i can't thank you enough for being here for me again""the conversation with jaehyun kind of messed up with my mind"yoongi looked at him, "why? what did he say?""we talked about you"yoongi tensed."and i told him about our... break up, if i can even call it like that... and he asked me a question that made me... think, a lot.""what did he ask?" yoongi's voice was quiet.jungkook inhaled deeply, turning his body to face yoongi's."he asked if i left you because because i realized what was going on between us was wrong and... and not because i stopped having feelings for you"yoongi's heart started beating faster."what was your answer?""i didn't answer him""then, what is the answer?""i don't know. i don't know what the answer is, all i know is that i keep coming back"god, he loved him.it hurt.the fact that jungkook might still have feelings for him ripped yoongi's heart apart.jungkook's face was so close to his."i think you need to go."jungkook blinked, he was taken aback, "what?""you have to leave."because i can't control myself around you.i can't control my feelings around you.and jungkook looked at the man lying in front of him, the man he was about to lose.the man he wanted so many times to lose, but couldn't.he couldn't get rid of him."i'm not going to leave you alone""i don't want to do something i'd regret again"jungkook's body was shaking, heart almost bursting out of his chest. "i'm not going anywhere"yoongi's eyes turned dark, but jungkook wasn't scared."are you sure?"they stared at one another in silence.  "i'm sure" he whispered.  the kiss wasn't unexpected,but the sparks and feelings that came along with it were. and jungkook fell back again to where he first started.over and overand overand overand over again.



Not an Update!



The next chapter will be published later today, don't you worry.I've been asked by two readers, I believe, to do a fanfic recommendation.so I decided to do that! I enjoy all the fanfics I'm subscribed to, but there's a few that get me excited everytime I get a notification about an update so I wanted to share it with you guys!note - Even though YoonKook is definitely my OTP, I ship basically everyone in BTS, and honestly if the plot is good I don't really mind the pairing, so there are various ships here. (Alphabetic order) * Because I could not stop for Death-- (He kindly stopped for me) by namwho - MinJoonNamjoon grins, taking Jimin’s hand in his own and rubbing slow circles against Jimin’s palm with his thumb. Thinks about all the ways he could make Jimin cry, could hurt him and break him. Namjoon thinks he wants to eat Jimin up. A super villain AU in which Namjoon finds Jimin and decides he won’t ever let him go. * blue flame special - nonheather - HopeKookhoseok just got dumped and now a clearly under aged bartender is refusing to serve him a much needed round of shots.("can you do this teenage angst thing some other time? my ex just walked in with his new boyfriend and i could really use some liquid cowardice."the kid narrows his eyes in the direction hoseok had nodded toward. "seokjin hyung's your ex?")hoseok nods. "you know him?""yeah," jeongguk glares at hoseok and begins stepping away, definitely refusing to serve him any drink at all. "he dumped me for you.") * Caged birds - LovulovuDate - JiKookJungkook wishes his bodyguard didn't view him as a kid anymore. * color me blue - xiajin - YoonKookyoongi wonders exactly what in the world went through his head when he decided that he wanted kids. like, what. what. * fire and feather - lace (bomnari) - OT7 (but a lot of YoonKook)Two brothers fall from their nest into a world they've only ever seen from the skies. * hold me tight (can you trust me) - linzeigh - JinKook/JiKook/JinMin Jungkook finds out that Jin's been cheating on him with Jimin, and when he confronts Jimin, things don't go quite as planned. * House of Cards - sugamins - TaeKook/JiKook/VMin MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE FANFIC OF ALL TIMES. CRIED LIKE A FUCKING BABY.Jungkook is the heir to a mob empire, the most notorious in the whole of Seoul. Taehyung is a rookie sent in to infiltrate by his select team and bring the empire crumbling down."You knew the game and played it, it kills to know that you have been defeated." * Human - neptune_scar - TaeKookWhen robotics graduate student, Kim Taehyung, and his friends decide to create a highly advanced android, he discovers that the line between man and machine might not be as clear as he once thought. * In Slow Motion - epistolic - YoonJinThe world ends for Seokjin on a Friday night.(Or: Yoongi is cheating, and Seokjin finds out.) * marrow - ocelot - YoonKookYoongi, a struggling photographer, becomes obsessed with a homeless boy named Jeongguk. * one nocturnal son of a gun - deuxoiseaux - YoonSeok i know i'm young, but if i had to choose [him] or the sun / i'd be one nocturnal son of a gun (a series of non-linear snapshot domestic au drabbles. gonna be heavy on fluff and porn. i'd apologize, but i'm not that sorry.) * Stop My Heart - wowoashley - TaeKook"What does it feel like?""What?""Knowing you fixed the heart of the man who broke yours?" * Wait For Me - skeleton_soups - YoonKook/TaeKookAU where Yoongi has a car with a backseat, a darkside and a need for adventure. Jungkook has a crush and lacks willpower. * When God Blinks - increment - JiKook WARNING: I CRIED SO FUCKING HARD. BEWARE. There were times that Jimin treasured with his forsaken life. Clumsy hands, hot coffee, jogging. Small dogs and oversized sweaters.But, there are other valuable times that are up for debate. The glorious hours in which his parents are too occupied reading the bible. Times when everyone else is not looking, when the world is too busy and no one bothers to pay an ear or a pair of eyes. Because when God blinks,Jimin can sneak a little more time to play. A cracked, forbidden love stapled together by a foolish, silly game. * White canvas - HanMinGi - YoonMinYoongi always feels empty, and tries to fill the void with painting... until a little boy coming from North-Korea enters his life.   if you'd like, you can recommend me some fics as well :3
 



Am I Flying or Falling in Your Arms?



when it downed to yoongi that he has jungkook's permission to keep going, the older inhaled sharply and rested his hand on the other's soft cheek, kissing him deeply.jungkook kissed back almost desperately, like he missed yoongi's taste on his tongue.he did.he was tired from looking for excuses, he just wanted to stop thinking, just for tonight.all thoughts of hoseok were gone from his mind.the younger rolled over to startle yoongi's body, both knees on each side of the older, trying not to add too much pressure on yoongi's fragile body.yoongi looked up at the younger man on top of him, hands tenderly trace their way up jungkook's clothed thighs, stopping at his hips. he couldn't believe this was happening.he couldn't believe he had jungkook like this again. they were both panting, the air in the room was thick and hot.looking at each other with so much to say, but not enough courage to actually say it."i ask you again, are you sure?"he was never sure when it came to yoongi."yes.""what do you want me to do from here?" tell me, so i wouldn't do anything you don't want to.
tell me, so i wouldn't hurt you.
he gasped when jungkook's answer was a sudden roll of his hips against his own. the grip he had on the younger's hips tightened, it sent shivers down jungkook's spine.why wasn't he scared?maybe because he knew this time yoongi couldn't hurt him.maybe because he knew he was going to lose that man under him forever. when the realization hit him, nothing else mattered in the world.it was just him and yoongi, all over again.falling into the same addiction, all over again.yoongi tried to hide how nervous he actually was, how his hands were actually shaking, how fast his heart was beating in his chest.jungkook leaned down to kiss him again, pouring every emotion he had, be it good or bad, into the kiss.and yoongi swallowed it all. he swallowed jungkook's unspoken words.it almost became too much to yoongi, closing his eyes shut to stop the tears from coming.tears of yearning, tears of longing.bodies pressed tightly, yoongi allowed himself to sneak his fingertips under jungkook's shirt, touching the warm skin. he was addicted to anything jungkook had to offer.jungkook straightened up, he looked like he was just as affected."chemotherapy kind of ruined every limb, every organ of mine so i don't know if-"the younger threw his shirt over his shoulders, revealing his god sent body to yoongi.and for the first time in a long time, yoongi felt his member coming back to life."never mind" he groaned and sat up, ignoring the pain he felt throughout his body.he wrapped his arms around the boy and pressed him closer to him, leaving small, quick and hot kisses on jungkook's abdomen. "i missed you so much" jungkook shuddered at the hot air yoongi whispered onto his skin.he took a deep breath and tangled his fingers in yoongi's hair.he felt the strands literally break between his fingers.he widened his eyes and looked at his hand, looking at yoongi's hair on the palm of his hand.jungkook could feel yoongi tensing. "did it start?" yoongi's voice was thin, almost frightened.jungkook collected himself and leaned down, cupping yoongi's face and looking into his eyes."hey hey, look at me," jungkook asked softly.yoongi did, brows furrowed."this is the least worst side effect, okay? i know- i know it sucks but at least it's not painful. you're not in pain.you've been through a lot, this is nothing for you. you'll get through it like a champ, and when chemo stops it'll grow back"yoongi closed his eyes, taking a deep breath and brushing his hand through his hair, feeling it breaking slowly. jungkook stopped yoongi's hand, "stop.""i'll look like a damn rat"jungkook studied yoongi's features, his feline eyes, button nose and bow shaped lips..."you'll look good. we look good in anything, it runs in the family" jungkook smiled.the older chuckled sadly, emotionally drained.but at least he had jungkook by his side for now.  they continued from where they stopped.jungkook was already stark naked, and yoongi wanted to just... touch him. touch him before he leaves again.because jungkook will leave again, he knows it.yoongi looked tired, jungkook noticed.but neither of them could stop now, so jungkook decided he would do everything.at the end of the day, in the back of his mind, he always wanted to please him.he slid his hand up yoongi's hospital gown, feeling up the smooth thigh until he reached yoongi's member.yoongi threw his head back, jungkook's breath was ghosting over his sensitive of places.jungkook darted his tongue out, licking the shaft from the base to the tip before swallowing it all. yoongi felt heavy and warm on his tongue."baby..."jungkook felt goosebumps all over his body at the pet name. yoongi wasn't the only one who's ever called him baby.hell, even hoseok called him baby.but when it came out of yoongi's mouth, jungkook couldn't help but remember the good days, the happy days.the days he loved him and only him.the days before the monster was revealed.he bobbed his head up and down, coating yoongi's cock with saliva.he was startled when he felt yoongi's hand on his own, he flicked his eyes up to meet yoongi's...and they interlocked their fingers.jungkook released yoongi's cock from his mouth and spat on it, wetting it even more.they refused to break eye contact when jungkook put two fingers inside his own mouth, sucking on them.yoongi's mouth was slightly open, mesmerized by the scene in front of him.jungkook closed his eyes, playing with his tongue around his fingers.the older gulped when jungkook suddenly turned around, bending over.yoongi panted, definitely enjoying the view.jungkook circled the wet fingers around his puckered, pink entrance, gasping at the chilly feeling.the older was thankful to jungkook, as much as he wanted to prepare the younger himself, he had no strength in his body.jungkook closed his eyes shut and mewled when he slowly inserted one finger inside of himself, giving yoongi a show.he pressed his forehead to his arm that was laid on the bed, breathing hard while the second finger pushed through the tight ring of muscles.the younger pushed his fingers in and out of himself, scissoring."fuck..." he moaned, cock red and angry, throbbing and leaking with pre cum."come here" yoongi rasped. jungkook looked back and positioned himself on top of yoongi's cock, sitting down slowly.letting his body devour yoongi.yoongi grunted when he was fully inside jungkook's hot and familiar body, filling him to the hilt. and jungkook continued his show.spreading his ass cheeks with his hands, with feet on the bed he jumped up and down on yoongi's member, coating it now with his own body fluids.yoongi watched as jungkook's ass bounced everytime it reached his hips, dick disappearing completely inside of jungkook.it was hot, but not enough.yoongi had to see jungkook's face.his jungkook.his jungkook's beautiful face."turn around, baby"with a struggle, jungkook did.and yoongi couldn't help it, he had to cherish the moment even if his body is killing him.he sat up straight, circling his arms around jungkook body, pressing them chest to chest, planting his feet on the bed and thrusting up sharply, harshly.jungkook gasped, holding onto the older's shoulders for support, pushing back against him.they created a perfect rhythm, while having the perfect view of one another.yoongi slowed down, buckling his hips deep instead of fast now.he looked at jungkook, how his face contort in blinded pleasure.god, he loved the kid.he stopped, still buried inside of him.jungkook's chest was rising up and down, body glistening with sweat with the light of the moon hitting him from the window."i love you,i love you,i love you" yoongi kept on whispering while kissing the boy senseless.they didn't need to reach their orgasm, it wasn't the point of what they were doing.they stayed like this, connected in the most intimate of ways, kissing and talking with their hearts, until daylight came.  jungkook woke up with someone trailing kisses up his neck to the back of his ear.he groaned and opened his eyes, only to realize where he is.and what he's done.he looked to his side, and nope, it wasn't a dream.yoongi was beside him."morning"jungkook felt dead.dead.dead.he couldn't reply.he felt like he couldn't even fucking move.his brain was too busy fighting with itself that he couldn't order jungkook to fucking move.fucking go.fucking walk away.leave!!!"i-" yoongi cleared his throat, "i don't expect you to stay, jungkook. i'm not going to ask you not to leave me again""i love hoseok."yoongi was taken aback, he blinked dumbly, "okay...""i don't- i don't know why i said that""maybe you're trying to convince yourself"jungkook huffed and brushed a hand through his hair, "i have to go""i know" jungkook got up and got dressed, trying not to break down crying in front of yoongi.he was so confused.so conflicted.he knew yoongi was watching him all this time.when he was about to walk out, he then stopped."when's your next session?" he suddenly asked."it was supposed to be today, but i'm not sure if they'll do something considering the reaction i had last night""let me know, call me..." and he closed the door behind him, finally allowing the tears to show up. - hoseok perked up and got up from the couch when he finally heard jungkook walking inside the house."kook, i'm so so-" he was cut off by a tight hug.he widened his eyes and hugged jungkook back, uncertain. confused by what was happening.jungkook tried not to break down crying again, a few tears staining his cheeks."i'm not mad at you, i love you.i love you.i love you." - yoongi covered his mouth with his hand, quieting his sobs while looking himself in the mirror.jimin was behind him with an electric razor in their bathroom, shaving off yoongi's hair slowly and carefully."i'm so sorry, hyung..." yoongi knew it would've happened sooner or later.it was hard, it sucked.but jungkook was right.it was for the least worst thing that could happen to him.so yoongi decided to do the drastic change himself, thanks to jungkook's words.jungkook was always the only one who made sense for yoongi, even when he didn't make sense at all. - "i slept with him"mrs choi looked at jungkook who sitting in front of her across her desk, "hoseok?"jungkook bit his bottom lip and shook his head.and she already knew the seconds tears were coming out of jungkook's eyes.she knew they were back in this hell again.that jungkook was back in this hell again.he let himself burst down crying, begging for help.he realized that maybe yoongi wasn't the one who needed help,it was him all along.   it was always like this.yoongi got better thanks to jungkook.while jungkook got worse thanks to yoongi.



Just for a Day.



jungkook was lying - yoongi did look like a rat.that's what the older thought to himself when he was looking at himself in the mirror, brushing a hand through... nothing. he's completely fucking bald. jimin hummed and titled his head, looking at yoongi through the mirror."it doesn't look as bad as i thought it would be"yoongi squinted his eyes and turned around to look at jimin, unamused, "you thought it'd look bad?"jimin shrugged, "i'm just used to your fluffy hair"yoongi chuckled and turned around again, studying himself from each profile.he took a deep a breath, "thank you" "what made you want to do that?""jungkook." he admitted.jimin blinked, "did he come last night?"yoongi nodded, memories of last night imprinted in his mind.the younger widened his eyes, "woah hyung, that's great...", he then frowned, "you don't seem too happy, did you two fight?""no"jimin tensed, "did... did something happen?"yoongi turned around and looked at jimin, he was about to open his mouth and tell the truth.but he couldn't.because last night meant nothing.it meant the world to yoongi, but it meant nothing to jungkook.so it doesn't matter.it doesn't fucking matter."no," he ruffled jimin's hair affectionately, "don't you worry your stupid little head over this" jimin scowled, "if you keep insulting me i'm getting a fucking dog""i will throw both of you out"jimin was scandalized, "this is my house! i will kick you out!" "would you really kick out and fifty year old with terminal cancer to the streets?""i- i..." jimin stammered, "fuck you. stop using your cancer against me"yoongi chuckled and walked out of the bathroom, "i'm going to buy some hats, wanna come with me?""you know i can't"yoongi shrugged, "need something from the store?""a hot guy, please"yoongi snorted and closed the door behind him.jimin decided not to point out that yoongi did look... happy. as happy as he can be. - "was it consensual?" "well, i did say i slept with him, not that he raped me again"mrs choi folded her arms, "who initiated the act?"jungkook regretted coming, he regretted telling that to her."both? i don't know. he asked me to leave but i wanted to stay and then it just happened" her face softened, "what happened, jungkook? why...?"why after everything he made you go through?why did you do that when you were doing so good?he didn't have enough strength in him to explain why.he himself didn't even know why.he looked down at his hands, "i don't know, i don't know." and she waited, because she knew he had more to say."i guess i realized that i might lose him soon, i guess i hid my emotions for so long that i couldn't control them anymore.maybe i did leave him because i only realized our relationship was wrong, but the feelings still remainedi'm- i'm fucking confused. and disappointed. and angry. and i hate him and i love him and i-""want me to answer my own question?"jungkook stayed quiet."a person's memory development usually starts at the age of three,whilst the rational part of our brain's development only reaches full development at the age of twenty five,"jungkook sighed, the last thing he needed right now was a psychological or scientific explanation to what was happening inside his fucked up brain.   "you remember your father as a caring single parent who did everything he could to raise you and your older brother properly,a person who gave up his entire life just so you two could grow healthy, not missing anything.you also remember your father as your first love, your first sexual experience, basically your first relationship.by manipulation, of course; you couldn't have known better at the age of ten.you remember loving him both as a father and as a lover.yet when you grew older he started to become aggressive, violent.he hurt you in ways no one should ever experience in their lives, he used you physically, emotionally and mentally. when you two found your way to one another again after so many years, the feelings you had still remained.the manipulated, corrupted, fragile mind of yours was still affected by him.but you were much older and wiser, and the rational part of your brain was completely developed by then,so you knew what you two had was wrong and you let go.now that you know that this might be the end, that he might not be here soon -everything got mixed together.the memory of the times you loved him, and the memory of the times you hated him.the conflict you have is between remembering your caring father and first love -and your abuser, rapist, the man that ruined your childhood and adulthood.in the first years of your life he defined himself in a positive way to you, and then he became a monster.so you have mixed emotions because you have mixed experiences, mixed memories of him.and that's fine, jungkook.even if you feel like he's the one trying to stop it and you're the one running back to him and initiating any relation with him -it is not your fault, it's who he made you become. you can't blame yourself for your actions when he's responsible to every decision you ever made.but now -now it's your choice. now you have a say in the matter.you're the one who's going to decide what's going to happen next. you're either going to live your life happily with your son and new job and relationship, or you're going to fall into his trap again.and jungkook, the more you fall, the harder it'll be to climb up."jungkook didn't even notice he was crying this entire time.looking at mrs choi with wide eyes, tears won't stop coming.heart won't stop breaking. he almost, almost wished it was him who was dying instead of yoongi.



Warning Sign.
Chapter Notes
warning: 1st part hopekook smut

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"kook, wait..." hoseok breathed out when the latter kissed his way down his naked body. he wanted to talk, he needed to explain himself.but of course jungkook didn't want to talk.jungkook stopped at his navel, looking up at the older."are you sure you're ready?"no."yes, i want you"hoseok sighed, "i want you too, i just-" want to figure out what happened, what came over you all of the sudden."i just don't want it to be like last time, i don't want the memories to come back-""they won't.""how can you be so sure?"jungkook slid up hoseok's body, pressing their naked chests together, leaning his head low to ghost his lips over hoseok's."fuck me"hoseok's breath was caught in his throat, "we don't have to do it like this, we can switch-"jungkook shook his head in protest, he held onto the older's arms, "no, i want you" i need you to make me forget.and then he kissed him.  "oh fuck" jungkook groaned, face buried in the pillow beneath him, hands tightly gripping at the sheets.hoseok only had the tip of his cock pressed against jungkook's thoroughly prepared heat yet jungkook was already feeling the length."do you want to stop?" hoseok gently placed his hands on the younger's hips, hesitant."no, god, just- just go slow" "okay" hoseok said softly and pushed his hips as slowly as he could.jungkook hissed at the stretch and closed his eyes shut, feeling hoseok almost ripping him apart.hoseok hushed him in reassurance and drew imaginary circles on jungkook's skin with his thumbs, trying to calm down the tensed boy underneath him."i have so much respect for jimin now" the younger grunted out, and hoseok stopped."i'm going to pull out""no! no! we're almost there!" "... my tip is not even fully inside"jungkook propped himself on his palms and turned his head around to look at hoseok with wide eyes, "i already feel so full, you're going to rip my insides""do you want to stop?" hoseok asked again.the younger bit him bottom lip and laid on his stomach again, hugging the pillow, "no, keep going, i trust you"hoseok smiled, good thing jungkook was with his back to him or else he would've seen his embarrassingly blushing face.jungkook moaned loudly when hoseok pushed through his walls.he could feel every vein, every piece so skin, he could feel everything. he could feel hoseok.the older waited, letting the boy adjust to his size.jungkook panted, hoseok could see his back moving with the force of his breathing.hoseok leaned down, which caused jungkook to cry out, and left hot kisses on the latter's back.and jungkook felt safe in hoseok's arms.it was so different from yoongi.it wasn't some unexplainable passion, or some repressed feelings involved.this... this felt domestic.he felt secure.loved.cared for.he relaxed, same as his body."you can move, seokkie" they fucked like this for a while, slowly, carefully.until jungkook started to get used to hoseok's length, his cock was reaching spots he never thought existed inside of him.he felt it even more when hoseok flipped him around and threw his legs over his shoulder, bending him in half.he started to feel braver when he decided to ride hoseok to reach for his release.and hoseok was so, so in love.seeing jungkook become a moaning, sweaty, blushing mess because of him made him feel proud.seeing jungkook reach his orgasm while shaking violently on top of him made him reach his end as well.gripping the younger's waist tightly, thrusting up so that jungkook's body would swallow everything he had to offer.jungkook breathed out a laugh and dropped his body on the older's, panting hard."i love you""i love you too" - when jungkook walked inside his house with pukka pushing him after her on the leash, he saw hoseok with yoongi in arms.the younger still studied them while closing the door behind him and crouching to unleash the dog."you're going now?""well yeah, it's yoongi's day"jungkook cringed at that, it almost sounded like he and yoongi were a divorced couple.well, in a way they were...jungkook shook that thought out of his mind."want me to come with you?" he blurted out, he didn't even think before speaking.hoseok blinked in shock, "really?"the younger cleared his throat, "he and i are on better terms now and he still didn't let me know when his next session is so..."hoseok wanted to ask how the hell did he and yoongi are on better terms now but he knew now wasn't the time."what about pukka?""we'll take her with us""she hates yoongi""well, who the fuck doesn't?"   jungkook honestly didn't think this through.him standing with his boyfriend at his boyfriend's and ex's old apartment who he's been sharing with jungkook's father who he had sex with a week ago behind his boyfriend's back.jungkook started to rethink his life choices until jimin opened his mouth."maybe yoongi and hoseok need to sleep together to break this tension"they all looked at jimin in utter shock before bursting into laughter altogether.and it was all that he took for them to fall into a comfortable, non-awkward conversation.jungkook studied yoongi, he noticed that under the hat he was wearing all his hair was gone."you shaved your hair" jungkook mouthed to him while the older caught his stare.hoseok and jimin were too busy playing with both yoongi and pukka to notice."thanks to you" yoongi mouthed back, giving him half a smile, and jungkook nodded, hugging himself.yoongi cleared his throat and picked up baby yoongi from the floor, "well, i'm going to my room before that dog is going to eat me"he and jungkook shared another look before yoongi disappeared to his room. talking with jimin and hoseok didn't seem that uncomfortable anymore, seeing that there's no sexual tension between the two anymore.jungkook couldn't help but thinking if this was what went through hoseok's mind when he was seeing jungkook and yoongi together.as if in cue, the door of yoongi's room was open, and yoongi peaked his head through it."jungkook, can you hand me a diaper? i think it needs to be changed""oh," jungkook got up from the couch and searched in baby yoongi's backpack for diapers, when he found one he handed it to yoongi, "here""can you help me with it? i haven't done it for a long time"jungkook blinked, brows furrowed, "sure"suddenly pukka started to bark, running towards jungkook, biting at his jeans, trying to get him away."pukka!" hoseok scolded and got up to grab the dog.jungkook kicked his leg so she would let go of her hold, he looked at her.if only she could talk...don't go.don't do this.jungkook was hallucinating.there was no way pukka knew, right?he took a deep breath and got inside the dark room, he flinched when he heard the door closing behind him.the next thing he knew he had his back pressed against the wall, body glued to his, face inches from his.heart beating in his ears."i... i just want to kiss you"jungkook closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 
"but now -

now it's your choice. now you have a say in the matter."
 jungkook pushed the older away from him, walking towards the door.yoongi hanged his head down in shame, he was weak.so weak. 
"you're the one who's going to decide what's going to happen next. 

you're either going to live your life happily with your son and new job and relationship,"
 yoongi flinched when he heard the lock of the door,he turned around to see jungkook just standing there, looking at him. 
or you're going to fall into his trap again.

and jungkook, the more you fall, the harder it'll be to climb up."
 jungkook grabbed the older's face and kissed him.   


and i've moved further than i thought i could





but i missed you more than i thought i would






Chapter End Notes
YO 3 MORE SONGS TO D&B SERIES PLAYLIST -Amber Run - I FoundLund - BrokenDennis Lloyd - Leftovers


I Know if I'm Haunting You, You Must Be Haunting Me.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook closed his eyes and leaned his forehead to yoongi's, panting. hearing the sound of baby yoongi's quiet snores - that fucking liar.yoongi was holding onto jungkook's arms, closing his eyes as well, "what does that mean?""i don't know"the older took a sharp breath and opened his eyes, "look at me,"jungkook opened his eyes slowly, looking into yoongi's eyes, feeling his knees getting weaker."what's going to happen now?""i don't know" the younger replied quietly."do you still love me?"jungkook gasped at the question, body startled."i don't know what i'm doing, i love hoseok" he frowned, mostly at himself.yoongi grabbed jungkook's chin and moved his face closer to his, eyes half hooded, "do you still love me?" he asked again, voice raspy. almost daring.almost...poisonous. it sent chills running down the other's spine.jungkook felt like a deer that was caught by a lion, and that he has no choice but to... surrender. he replied with a kiss. - jungkook let out a whine when hoseok pulled his cock out of jungkook's abused hole.the younger was breathing hard, back leaning against the kitchen wall, ass cold from sitting too long on the counter."fuck" hoseok bit his bottom lip at the scene in front of him, jungkook all spread out on the kitchen counter with his fluids coming out of his now loose entrance.jungkook dropped his legs off the counter and hugged hoseok's sweaty body, hoseok chuckled and hugged him back."what's gotten into you lately?"jungkook tensed, he picked his head up to look at hoseok, "what do you mean?""horny, touchy, expressing love more than ever... not that i'm complaining"the raven haired man cleared his throat and faked a smirk, "we just started having sex, which i waited for a long time, and you're a good fuck. what can i say?"hoseok laughed and nuzzled his nose against jungkook's neck, making the younger shiver."you spoil me so much"jungkook smiled, "speaking of which, want me to make you dinner?""with your cooking skills? god, please" the other giggled and planted a kiss on hoseok's lips, pushing him slightly so he could jump off the counter.hoseok froze.the bruises on jungkook's waist looked faded yet still fresh and angry.he couldn't have hurt jungkook that much, right? he tried to be as gentle as he could.jungkook raised an eyebrow, "move your ass, i need to clean the mess you made"hoseok studied the fingerprints and squinted his eyes, placing his hands on the imprints.jungkook frowned in confusion.the hand signs didn't match.hoseok squeezed his hold tightly, almost brutally; making jungkook widen his eyes and gasp at the painful sensation.the older blinked and brushed it off with a laugh, letting go of jungkook's body."i love you even if you insult me"jungkook tried to ignore what just happened, "i'm glad to know that you'll love me in any condition""mostly""what's your limit?" jungkook smirked, but that was just an act."cheating." they shared an intense stare, jungkook felt like he was going to black out."i'm safe, then"hoseok hummed flatly and leaned down to kiss the boy. - "how long have you known?"yoongi and the baby were in yoongi's room whilst hoseok was sitting at the living room table, petting pukka while looking at jimin who was standing in front of him.jungkook decided to go mrs choi's office for their weekly appointment, so this was hoseok's chance."known what?" jimin blinked dumbly."that yoongi and jungkook have been fucking behind my back."



Chapter End Notes
lmao for those of you who are tired dw the end is near we only got a few chapters left ♡


No Time to Think.



"what are you talking about?""jimin, just-" hoseok closed his eyes, trying to collect himself, "just don't lie to me"the younger's brows furrowed, "i have no idea what you're talking about, hyung"hoseok licked his lips and opened his eyes, staring straight into jimin's eyes, "you didn't know they were back at it again?""what makes you think that? jungkook loves you"hoseok chuckled darkly, "not more than he loves him"jimin had to sit down, "how do you know?""i've been cheated on before, i recognize the signs" jimin grimaced at that."that doesn't make any sense, he was getting better... they weren't even in touch... he fucking hurt jungkook again""i guess lying to jungkook was the worst mistake i could've made, i triggered everything back""lying?"hoseok took a deep breath and told jimin about what he did.jimin clicked his tongue and buried his face in his hands, "fuck, hoseok..."the older looked up, trying to stop the tears from coming. "jimin." jimin quickly turned his head around to see yoongi standing in the doorway with baby yoongi in his arms.hoseok looked at him."take the baby to the room, please"it wasn't really a request, jimin knew.he threw an apologetic look to hoseok and stood up, taking the toddler from yoongi's arms and closing the room's door behind him.yoongi took a deep breath and walked in front of hoseok, leaning his back against the wall and crossing his arms."do you think i'm a fucking moron?" hoseok couldn't hold back the tears anymore."no." and he really didn't. "how long have you two planned to keep this going until i find out?"yoongi just looked at him."how long has it been going on?"yoongi sighed, "about a month? when he found out that i was at the hospital"hoseok closed his eyes, "why? i did- i did everything for you so he would be happy. i donated my blood, i bring yoongi here once a week so you could see him i-"hoseok broke down, covering his mouth with his hand."i couldn't say no""don't. don't fucking make it sound like he was the one who started it""what do you want me to say, hoseok?""that you've been manipulating him again, that you got him wrapped around your finger, that- that you can't stand seeing him happy. happy without you"yoongi froze."you couldn't see him love someone else. you always have to make everyone feel second to you, less than you in jungkook's eyes.that's what you did to namjoon, am i wrong?"yoongi flinched at the mention of the name, "don't fucking drag namjoon into this, he has nothing to do with it""i have plenty of other examples. seokjin? jimin? taehyung? he can give up on people who actually care for him but he always comes back to you, at the end of the day""hoseok i-""i never had a chance, did i?"yoongi studied the younger."don't leave him"hoseok raised an eyebrow in surprise, "excuse me?""i- you're right. he loves you. he doesn't love me, it's an illusion... an obsession. you're good for him, i'm not""do you want me to stay with him while you two keep fucking behind my back?""look, talk to him about it. maybe you'll make him want to walk away from me again, i can handle it.i just can't handle him accepting me, i can't keep my feelings hidden from him when he's there to witness them""it'll be the same damn cycle all over again""don't give up on him because of me. he's worth it, you know he is""i'm not sure if i want to be in this mess anymore."   when hoseok was gone, jimin turned around to look at yoongi from the front door."you didn't even say you were sorry""i'm not," yoongi shrugged, "i'm not sorry for loving him""but you're hurting everyone on the way, including him. once again, you've ruined the life he's built for himself""there's two of us in this story, and we're both fucked up. we're both in this quicksand together""one of you wants to get out but he can't, because the other keeps pulling him back in""sometimes it's him, and sometimes it's me" -  "what do you love about me?"jungkook stopped playing with hoseok's hair.the younger was sitting on their bed with hoseok lying his head on his legs. jungkook blinked, "there's a lot i love about you""tell me""i love that you care for me, that you don't judge me, that i can trust you, that you make me laugh, that you accept me for who i am, that you'd do anything for me, that you take care of my son, that you-""how come you still love yoongi when he's none of those?"hoseok could feel jungkook's body tensing."what?"hoseok sat up and looked at the young man, "i asked, why do you fuck him behind my back when you claim that you love me?"jungkook widened his eyes.



You're My Disease.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




jungkook's entire body was shaking, "what...?"hoseok sighed and got up from the bed, facing the younger.he tried to ignore his aching heart at seeing jungkook so... scared? it was probably an image yoongi have seen a lot."i told you... i told you.and you knew, you knew that cheating was a line that should never be crossed with me. i did everything for you, and this is what i get in return?"jungkook still stared at hoseok in complete shock, heart dropping.he quickly wiped the tears that were running down his cheeks."right, i didn't want anything in return because everything i did for you,i did it because i loved you, i still do.and i thought you loved me, too"the younger let out a sob, he covered his mouth with the inside of his arm, "i do"hoseok shook his head, "you never loved me""that's not true-","you loved the idea of me. the idea of a new relationship,a fresh start from everything you've ever known. someone who can help you to get out of the hell you grew up into.someone who won't judge you for your past, is there for you in your present,and will take care of you in the future.love...you don't have enough of that in your heart since it's all filled with love towards... him.""hoseok...""why?"jungkook sniffled and closed his eyes, crying openly, "i can't explain, i don't know how to. i've hidden it for so long... it just, exploded.all my memories, my emotions... i didn't know how to stop it.i don't know how to stop it."the older realized that he was crying as well when he noticed his shirt was stained with his own tears."it's not even about you and i anymore, jungkook.you've struggled so much, you've worked so hard, you've managed to move on.how can you let yourself drawn again?"jungkook asked himself the same question."but you know, i don't blame you. i can't blame you"the younger perked up and flicked his eyes to look at hoseok's."you didn't cheat on me because you wanted to, you did it because you you had no other option.i knew i never stood a chance, i entered a story that wasn't mine.i was a distraction from a disaster waiting to happen, because... it would've happen sooner or later.you will never,everget away from him"jungkook felt paralyzed,he couldn't believe these hurtful words came out of hoseok's mouth.and it was only the beginning."you're crying like a fucking baby because you know that i'm going to leave after this,and it's killing you.because you don't want to live without me.the thing is, there's a difference between don't want to and can't. you don't want to live without me,yet you can't live without him.i never had a chance against him in your life, in your heart.i've tried to ignore the signs, that all you ever did was revolving around him.you were like a meal,and i only prepared you for him to eat. you were loving him through me.you will never, ever have normal life,a normal relationship,a normal... anything, as long as he's in your life.as long as he's in your mind.you will never have enough love to give to anyone else other than him.i thought i could help you move on but i think the damage he inflicted on you was too much.beyond repair.you're into deep, and i think both you and i realized that you'll never get out of this.and i actually pity you in a way,because you're stuck in his prison,and you got so used to it that you don't even know what freedom is.you don't know what to do when you're free, you don't know how to act.you're still that same kid he manipulated, you just physically grew over the years.well, i don't want to be stuck in this prison with you anymore, jungkook.years and years of therapy, rehab, prison, a baby, a new relationship, and i'm sure i missed a lot more... none of this could keep you two apart,then what can?i would say i wish you happiness in your life but i don't think that's going to happen as long as he's still alive.to be completely honest i don't think you'll ever find peace,and you and i both know that this isn't going to end well for the two of you." jungkook sat on the bed, frozen.frozen yet the tears just kept on coming.he watched as hoseok was packing his stuff.he watched as hoseok threw his spare keys over to him."you're not fired, you're still going to have your own studio, i'm not that mean.and... i still love you, after all."he watched as hoseok left the house.left his heart.left his life.he just sat there on the bed.frozen.as he watched his world falling apart, overand overand over again. -  jimin's phone buzzed on the table.the latter took one last puff from yoongi's marijuana and handed it to the older.he checked his phone,'tell yoongi i left him.'jimin frowned to his phone, brain too high to comprehend what he was reading."tell yoongi i left him?" yoongi quickly turned his head to his side to look at jimin. "hoseok just sent it to me"it didn't take yoongi long to figure out what that text meant."fuck" he threw the half finished joint into the ashtray that was on the table and got up from the couch.jimin looked at him, "where are you going?""i have to fucking go" he grabbed his keys and just ran out."hyung! what the fuck?! you're sick and it's cold out-" but yoongi was already gone. - yoongi's heartbeat was beating in his ears when he was about to knock on jungkook's door but realized it was open.he ignored the stinging pain he felt all over his body, jungkook was more important.he opened the door slowly, and his face fell.the door to jungkook's room was open, and he could see through the front door that the younger was sitting on his bed like a stone with pukka lying her head on his legs.he closed the door behind him and inhaled deeply, he entered jungkook's room and closed this door behind him as well.jungkook's eyes met his own and the raven haired boy just burst into loud sobbing."go away!" jungkook raised his voice, pukka growled at him.jungkook didn't know if he was screaming that to yoongi himself, or the demons inside of him.yoongi crawled into the bed and wrapped his arms around the other's, embracing him."go away" this one was weaker."i'm sorry."jungkook leaned his head on yoongi's shoulder and let himself cry.   when they woke up they were in each other's embrace.yoongi could hear the dog's steady breathing behind him.well, at least she didn't kill him yet.yoongi brushed his thumb over jungkook's puffy lips.his beautiful jungkook,his beautiful, broken jungkook.jungkook groaned and opened his red eyes, staring at yoongi.tired,he looked drained, exhausted.weak.yoongi knew jungkook gave up on fighting. fighting his own demons.he took the younger's hand in his own."i wish i didn't love you the way i do" he whispered.jungkook closed his eyes again and intertwined their fingers, "i wish i didn't love you the way i do, either"



Chapter End Notes
next chapter is the last one <3


When the Demon Killed the Butterfly.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





7 years later
  "i'm so sorry for your loss, kook" jungkook heard that sentence for so many times in his life, he couldn't help but just feel numb."thanks, jimin" he cleared his throat and got up from the chair he was sitting on in jimin's and hoseok's apartment.hoseok titled his head and looked at jungkook, face filled with sympathy, hugging himself awkwardly, "i know that we didn't get along, but i am really sorry for your loss"the younger licked his lips and flicked his gaze in hoseok's direction, "i know, thank you"jimin took a deep breath and crossed his arms, leaning back against the chair, eyes still on jungkook, "how is yoongi taking it?""i don't think he gets the concept of death, i don't think he really understands""did you two have the... talk?" jimin asked hesitantly."i did explain it to him, but i don't think he realizes what is happening""and how are you?" of course hoseok would be the one asking that."i'm fine, i was ready for this" jimin and hoseok exchanged looks."i'm fine." jungkook repeated flatly, "we all knew it was going to happen... i'm just worried that yoongi will start asking questions and i'd have to explain it again""maybe try distracting him" the blonde suggested."i am, i'm taking him with me to the convenience store, maybe i'll buy him the candy he likes""are you leaving?"jungkook checked his phone to look at the time, "yeah, yoongi finishes school in like fifteen minutes, i need to pick him up""tae and areum are on their way with the baby, and seok's boy toy" jimin yelped when hoseok slapped the back of his head."we talked this morning, i told him i probably won't stay for long"jimin pouted, "tell yoongi i said hi"jungkook nodded when he suddenly got a text, he looked at his phone.he could fucking hear hoseok's smirk, "anna?""yeah, she texted me that school was finished a little bit early today""so she got some free time, now" jimin was smirking too.jungkook rolled his eyes, "she's sixteen and she helps my son in school, you two perverts""she doesn't dress like a sixteen year old girl" hoseok snorted, jimin laughed.jungkook frowned, "you have issues, i'm leaving" - "thank you, anna" jungkook smiled to the foreign teenager, a petite girl with a pearl like skin, long blonde locks and big blue eyes. he handed her the money she earned and she took it with both hands, bowing to the older."thank you" she replied with a perfect korean and a bright smile.jungkook eyed her up and down despite his brain telling him not to do so.tank top too tight, shorts too short.fucking sixteen year old these days.he took yoongi's hand in his own and scratched the back of his head with his free hand, "i'll pick you up tomorrow at eight, as usual""sure thing, thank you for dropping me home, jungkook oppa" she bowed again and turned around.her ass was fucking peaking from behind her shorts.jungkook took a deep breath and forced himself to turn around and open the car door for yoongi to get inside.asking the lord for forgiveness. he closed yoongi's door and walked to the driver's side, he sat on his seat and held the wheel, releasing a breath.he turned to look at yoongi, he wanted to ask him how was school and... how he was doing, and then he noticed how red his son was, he was blushing.jungkook burst out laughing and patted the younger's head, "you're your father's son" - jungkook parked in front of the supermarket, he stopped the car and unbuckled himself, turning his body to face yoongi."baby, we're going to buy some groceries. you know what that means, right?"yoongi groaned and nodded."say it, then"yoongi shrugged his shoulders, turning his head away."use your words" jungkook gently grabbed yoongi's face, forcing him to look at the older."no screaming, no kicking, no dropping stuff, i should not make a scene, if i want something i need to ask nicely, and when daddy says no it's final""and do you promise to follow all of that?"yoongi looked at him with his big brown eyes and nodded, brown wavy hair bouncing while moving.jungkook smiled, "attaboy, let's go"when jungkook got out of the car and opened the door for yoongi to get out, he saw his kid frozen.jungkook's shoulders dropped and his face fell, this is not going to be an easy day."come on, baby"yoongi shook his head violently, eyes getting teary.jungkook sighed and crouched, "why don't you want to go?"yoongi didn't reply, he just kept on shaking his head violently, followed by his hands.jungkook grabbed his hands before he could hurt himself, "talk to me, what's wrong? why are you mad all of the sudden?"yoongi began crying loudly, pushing his body back and forth, jungkook frowned and unbuckled the younger, turning him around."i'll buy you some candy, what do you say about that?"yoongi stopped crying and sniffled, jungkook smiled.   yoongi was still sniffling, tears running down his face while he was pushing the cart with jungkook behind him pushing it with him, securing himself around him."want to make chocolate cake tonight like we did last week?"yoongi didn't answer, just kept on walking and pushing the cart.jungkook looked down at him, the boy was angry. hands flapping, head ticking. of course he would be angry, the kid just lost someone important to him for the first time in his life."let's go to the candy section" they both turned around and pushed the cart towards the candy area. that's when yoongi lost it.he started screaming, he pushed the cart harshly, making it hit some of the candy that were at reach and made them drop on the floor with a loud thud.jungkook quickly kicked the cart, perfectly stopping it in front of yoongi and holding it with his leg, preventing him from moving forward and destroying the rest of the store.people were looking and whispering, but jungkook couldn't care less about that."that's the opposite of not making a scene, yoongi" jungkook said calmly yet firmly.yoongi cried loudly, trying to push the cart from his way but jungkook was stronger.the older then looked up and noticed something."hey, that's your favorite, want to get that?"yoongi stopped crying and followed jungkook's eyes."i can't reach that""you can climb on the shelves"yoongi gasped, "that's illegal"jungkook smirked, "i won't tell"yoongi blinked and looked up again."come on, i'll be right behind you to make sure you won't fall"yoongi tried to hide his excited smile, he stuck his tongue out in concentration and started to climb up the shelves to reach for his favorite candy.jungkook stood behind the boy, looking to his sides to make sure no one was watching.yoongi reached his hand with a struggle, but he managed to get the bag of candy eventually."i got it!" he exclaimed happily, and jungkook quickly grabbed him by his waist and turned him around, making him land safely on the floor, laughing."that's my boy!"  when they got back to the car after putting the grocery bags in the backseat, yoongi was way calmer."see, it wasn't that bad"yoongi nodded quietly.jungkook looked at his son and sighed, heart aching, "are you sad?"yoongi nodded again, looking down at his hands, flapping them. jungkook took the boy's hand in his own and rubbed his thumb over the soft skin of the other's small hand. "i'm sad, too" - it was quiet when they entered the house, cold, empty.jungkook took a deep breath."i hope your buried that dog far away from here"jungkook widened his eyes and turned around to look at the man leaned against the hallway wall.he quickly stole and a glance at yoongi, who was frowning.he picked up his gaze again, "i'm going to fucking murder you.""that's no language to speak in front of a child," yoongi smirked and walked closer, hugging the boy, "i'm sorry, i'm sorry. are you okay, baby?" he cooed to little yoongi."i miss pukka" "i know sweetheart, but that's just a part of our live-", "i'm getting a new dog"yoongi tensed and broke his hug with the little boy, facing jungkook with a shocked expression on his face, "jungkook" he sounded scandalized. little yoongi seemed to be happy with the news.jungkook ignored his father's moans and cries, he turned his head to his son, "do you have homework?""not much" "do you need my help?""i'll try starting on my own, i'll let you know if i need any help"jungkook wanted to cry. his kid was so mature.he squeezed little yoongi, moving him from side to side, "i love you so much" he leaned his head down and attacked the boy's face with kisses.yoongi smiled at the scene."dad, get off" little yoongi whined and tried to push jungkook away."i never want to let you go""dad" the boy growled.jungkook sighed and parted the hug, "fine, go do your homework"little yoongi ran to his room."are you crying?" yoongi crossed his arms and snickered."no" jungkook replied.wiping his eyes quickly."i'm going to cry too, i don't want another dog in the house""you're not going to be here soon anyway, why do you care?"yoongi gasped dramatically, "excuse me, according to the doctors i have three more years to live, that's three whole years with another fucking dog"jungkook laughed and ruffled yoongi's full grown hair, "you're a big boy, you'll get over it" he said and was about to unpack the bags.he gasped when he was turned around and pushed against the wall, yoongi's body pressed to his own.hands sneaking into the inside of his shirt, caressing against the skin of his hips."i'm a big boy, huh?" he rasped and looked into jungkook's eyes."yoongi is in the other room, don't be a pervert" jungkook breathed out, face flushed red. "how can i not be a pervert when you look like a damn meal?" the older groaned and planted a kiss on the raven haired man's lips.jungkook returned the kiss and wrapped his arms around yoongi's shoulders, "come on, help me unpack"yoongi leaned his head down to jungkook's shoulder and released a whine. - yoongi was smoking his joint in the kitchen, focused on his phone while jungkook was making dinner.jungkook was getting annoyed by the sound of texts coming in from the older's phone."who the fuck are you talking to so much?"yoongi picked up his gaze, jungkook was still facing with his back to him, "no one" he muttered."is it jimin?"there was silence.jungkook let out a breath and stopped what he was doing, he turned around and looked at yoongi with an unamused glare."is this about that stupid broadcasted game you two are playing?"yoongi lowered his head in shame, "i'm a stay at home cancer patient and he's a stay at home runaway, we get bored"jungkook clicked his tongue and turned around, "you two are insufferable"yoongi frowned and put his phone on vibrant.there was a knock on the door."it's him, open up" yoongi groaned and placed his joint on the ashtray, getting up from his chair and dragging his feet to the door."still alive, old man?" namjoon pushed through him.yoongi closed the door and dragged himself back to the kitchen, "unfortunately""whachu making?" he appeared behind jungkook, stealing a tomato that was on the cutting board.jungkook slapped his hand away, "that's for dinner""ugh, fine. where is my favorite little boy?""he's doing homework, don't interrupt him"yoongi studied his older son, he was wearing a tank top so his stereotypical prison tattoos all over his arms and hands were visible. he scrunched his nose, "what did you do to yourself?"namjoon sighed, "are you going to ask that everytime i come over? i'm going to get most of them removed once i'll find a job, i only got out of jail three months ago""no jail talking. seokjin, inna and the twins are coming over in an hour and we have to make her believe that we're a normal family"both yoongi and namjoon snorted. - jungkook plopped on yoongi's bed with a sigh, yoongi crawled to lay next to him."i'm exhausted"yoongi smiled and rolled over on his back, patting his own stomach.jungkook understood the gesture and laid his head on the older's stomach, yoongi started to play with his hair, his ears..."i can see that, you've had an intense day"jungkook closed his eyes, trying to focus and the pleasant feeling of yoongi's hands on him."two days. pukka's death was a lot too, especially to yoongs... it triggered a lot""are you going to work tomorrow?""do i have a choice? the class relies on me, their parents are paying me""i really want to see one of your classes" jungkook smiled and opened his eyes, "you can come tomorrow"the older sighed, "i have a check up tomorrow"jungkook studied him, "are you feeling alright? your skin doesn't look the best"yoongi chuckled, "i'm dying, i don't think it'll ever look good""i'm just glad chemo helped you live longer"yoongi's traced his hand on jungkook's arm and squeezed it, as if to wake up the younger from the dream he was living in, "it's temporary, you know that, right?"they looked at each other, "i know""do you think that if i wasn't diagnosed... that if i wasn't dying... do you think we will still be like this?"jungkook took a deep breath and diverted his gaze to the ceiling, "no"yoongi pressed his lips into a line and nodded."i'll admit that the main reason my feelings floated back was because i knew it was going to end soon, and that i'll never get to be with you again""what are you going to do when it happens?""dad...""kookie..." yoongi pressured.the younger groaned, "i don't know, i don't think about it""you have to. i don't want to die knowing that you'll be lost""i won't be, i have yoongi with me and i'm going to focus on him and him only""you're doing that now""and i'll keep doing that" "what about a relationship?"jungkook shrugged, "i don't think i'll have one, i don't want one"yoongi frowned, "what do you mean?""i honestly rather be alone and help yoongi with whatever help he needs, i want to focus on my career. i don't think i'll be capable of having a relationship, i've tried that with hoseok and it just didn't work. i'm too fucked up to love anyone but you, and i don't think it'll change even when you die"yoongi inhaled sharply, he was about to open his mouth to say something before jungkook cut his words."i don't know what will happen three years from now, five, ten, twelve years from now - i don't know.maybe someday i will find someone who can handle my mental state and dependency and scars and every fucked up part of me, i'm just not looking for it"jungkook widened his eyes when he heard a sniffle, he looked up at yoongi who was wiping his tears quickly."why are you crying?""i'm... i'm just sorry. there's nothing more that i love more than being with you like this, but the affect it has on you... i just- god-"jungkook smiled sadly, "i didn't give up on life, dad""but you gave up on love""i don't care about that. the love i have for my son is enough to fill that, and i can get physical 'love' everywhere i go so i won't miss that either" jungkook laughed, but yoongi didn't find it funny.jungkook just... accepted the fact that yoongi ruined his life.maybe yoongi needed to accept that, too."there is one thing i'll say to you when i come to visit your grave alone, though""and what is that?" "i'm finally free now"   yoongi was on his knees, holding jungkook's body by his waist while the latter was sprawled underneath him on the bed, hands gripping the pillow case by his side.hips rolling over his, jungkook's heat was swallowing him, devouring him.jungkook had his head thrown back, eyes closed, mouth slightly open; releasing the most beautiful of noises while yoongi rammed his member inside of him.yoongi hated when jungkook tried to stay quiet, he wanted to listen to jungkook sing for him all night long.their own private song, filled with sinful secrets and forbidden promises.he slid his hands up jungkook's sweaty back and pulled him up to him, jungkook instinctively circled his arms around yoongi's neck.eyes filled with lust, half closed, lips releasing quiet whines and mewls, feeling the drag of yoongi's cock against his walls.yoongi caught his lips in a kiss, a kiss that said so much but not enough.a kiss to say i'm sorry,a kiss to say i'll miss you,a kiss to say i love you.i love you.i love you.because, at the end of the day, both of them didn't know anything else but to love one another.  when they came back from their high, jungkook started to quickly get dressed.yoongi covered his lower region with his blanket and rolled over to look at jungkook, pouting, "stay the night"jungkook clicked his tongue, "you know i can't, we can't let yoongi find out""i miss sleeping with you""i know, i miss that too""at least gimme a goodnight kiss"jungkook snorted and crawled over yoongi's bed, perking up his lips.yoongi laughed, he then cupped jungkook's face and kissed him strongly."daddy?" they both startled and gasped, parted their kiss as fast as they could and looked at the direction of the door with terrified looks. - jungkook took a deep breath and opened the door to yoongi's room.the kid was waiting for him in bed, hugging his legs.jungkook's heart was beating fast, he closed the door behind him."hi..." he said quietly and walked closer to yoongi's bed.yoongi wasn't looking at him."can i sit next to you?"yoongi didn't answer, so jungkook sat on the edge of the bed."yoongi-""you kiss me on the lips sometimes, but it wasn't the same"jungkook looked into his eyes, "no. no, it wasn't" he admitted.there was no use in lying to his son, he was smarter than any kid his age.and lying would only break the trust they both worked so hard to build between them.yoongi frowned, "do you like grandpa like i like anna?"jungkook didn't trust his voice, he just nodded."but that's not normal, right?"jungkook shook his head. yoongi looked straight into his eyes, "you're not normal"jungkook felt like his breath was caught in his throat, "no. did it change the way you think about me?"the older was surprised when yoongi shook his head."no, because i'm not normal too but you love me anyway, so i still love you"jungkook widened his eyes, eyes glistening."you always tell me that i'm not weird, i'm just different from everyone else because i'm special.you're different from everyone because you're special, too.we're both special"jungkook let out a sob and hugged his son, letting tears run down his face."you're right baby, we're both special"his heart was filled with pride and pure, pure love."will you explain it to me when i'm older? because i- i don't understand and you promised me you're going to explain to me anything i don't understand""yes, i'll explain everything to you when you're older, i promise"jungkook was about to faint when he felt yoongi's small hands wrap themselves around him, "i love you, daddy""i love you, i love you so much"and maybe jungkook didn't win the war he had against his demons,but he did win yoongi in one thing,he will be a better father.he is, he is a better father, more than yoongi ever was.so now, he felt like he won.even though he lost.he lost when he realized his worst enemy wasn't yoongi,he lost when he realized his worst enemy was himself all along.    “I am living in hell from one day to the next. But there is nothing I can do to escape. I don't know where I would go if I did. I feel utterly powerless, and that feeling is my prison. I entered on my own free will, I locked the door, and I threw away the key.”  
 ― Haruki Murakami 



Chapter End Notes
i know i said i'll explain everything on the last chapter but i'm such an emotional mess rn this has been a 4 month ride and my first published work aND I'M SO EMOTIONAL RNI'LL MAKE ANOTHER POST EXPLAINING EVERYTHING AND ANSWERING YOUR QUESTIONS I PROMISEI LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH I'M GONNA MISS THIS STORY AND YOUR COMMENTS WHY AM I ACTUALLY CRYING HELP ME


TO MY LOVELY READERS



HI MY PRECIOUS BABIES THIS IS GON BE LONG AND MESSY CUZ I HAVE LOTS TO SAYSo now that I've calmed down I can write a proper post and a proper goodbye.You guys have no idea how much this story mean to me, how much your comments mean to me...I've been writing songs and stories for as long as I can remember myself, and I published very little of them (quickly deleted afterwards) but none of them was like this one.I thought a lot about whether or not I should upload this story, because I knew how controversial and sensitive and almost unspoken of this subject is.But after seeing so many fanfics about people who were actually sexualizing and romanticizing it, I decided it was the right thing to do. Whether it was for raising awareness or anything else, I just knew I will have supporters, people who will appreciate it.So since I saw people were kinda interested in me and my life, I just wanted to share with you guys that I myself have never experienced incest first hand, so it wasn't written from my own personal experience.With that being said, my last relationship was a very manipulative, very emotionally abusive and very unhealthy so a lot of Jungkook's actions and thoughts were indeed from my own personal experience which I related to a lot in the past.I was mad at myself as much as Jungkook was mad at himself and as much as the readers were mad at him, so this story felt so real to me.I'm also very into psychology and I read a lot of books, see a lot of movies and documentaries about the human mind and how it works, why do we do the things that we do, why do we feel the things that we feel, and I also like to see the other sides, the unheard sides such as murderers, rapists, criminals. I can't comprehend it since I'm not one obviously, but it just interests me so much.My main inspiration for this story was actually from one episode of Dr. Phil, when the guest was a girl who was molested by her father ever since she was little.She told him that he used to sell her body to his friends to get drugs, that they would do drugs together, that they would have sex and she felt like she was his wife, other wife.She was so manipulated, so corrupted by him, so fucked up, so twisted. She even begged him to kill her because she wanted her suffering to end.when Dr Phil asked her if she still loved him, she started to cry and admitted that she did. I cried so hard, like you cannot even imagine. I would re-watch it, because I could not understand how can she still love him after all that he made her go through.The video is weirdly not on YouTube anymore, but I remember that episode very well.I honestly didn't plan to continue the story, but seeing all of the support, comments, theories made me want to do it, you guys inspired me to do it.I can also honestly say that the story wrote itself. I used to just sit on my bed with my laptop on my lap and just write, without thinking, it literally just came out of me.All the character developments, regressions, dialogs... it just came out. I can't express with words how much I thank each one of you, how your comments literally made my entire day.Whenever I came back home from work, I'd just read your comments and everything would be x10 better.I would always want to come home and just write, write for me, write for you.You guys were honestly my muse, I cried so hard while writing the last chapter and I cried so hard while posting it, too.I'm starting a new page in my life right now, and you guys were there with me the entire process even though you weren't aware of that.You guys mean the world to me, you don't even understand.I'm so glad you stayed and read even when things started to become too much. Thank you, just... I'm probably forgetting a lot of the things I wanted to say but all I can say right now is thank you, and I love you so much.You guys made my life better.  Okay now for HopeKook.As I said before, I ship all of BTS so I don't care about shipping that much.But here I realized that for some people it was kind of a big deal.But the other pairings (such as YoonMin and HopeKook) weren't the main point in this story, they were just 'obstacals' standing in YoonKook's way.Of course there was also the surprise effect, but I also didn't want people to think that either Jimin or Hoseok could stop YoonKook's twisted, obsessive relationship.Because their dependency to one another, their addiction to one another was the important part.But I've seen a lot of people complain and I didn't want to make anyone feel uncomfortable or mislead so I added HopeKook at the end.  As for the other ending, When I wrote the last rape scene, I started to second guess myself. I didn't know if I should continue the story like this, but then I decided to do it because that's just how fucking life is.Ill people are ill, especially if they don't get the help or support that they need, not everyone is strong enough to get through shit on their own.The alternative ending was supposed to end with YoonMin and HopeKook, but I'm glad I didn't do that.That's not what this story represents.  As for your questions about the ending -It could be whatever you want, it's up to your imagination. It's a open-closed ending.There is not answer to any of that, because there's too many.You decide your own ending, you decided who's Taehyung's wife, Hoseok's new boyfriend, Yoongi and Little Yoongi's relationship, the aftermath of Yoongi's death etc etc etc.I finished it like I wanted, and there are no more to it ;3  I cried so hard while reading your comments, I'm so touched that this story affected you as it affected me.I'm just so thankful.I'll reply to your guys' comments soon, or tomorrow or whenever I have the time.I want to actually sit and reply to each one of you and say how much I thank and love you all.I'm a little bit short on time right now, but I will do it when I have the time.I love you so much, really.You will not see the end of me, I already have another work planned in my mind for you guys.I love you, take care <3and I will never forget this story, and you guys, and this experience in general.It has been a long ride, god...I'm happy. :3 GOD I HOPE I DIDN'T FORGET TO ADD ANYTHING I WANTED TO SAY FUCK I PROBABLY DID PLEASE DON'T HATE ME



>:3



are you even ready for what I'm about to drop  yesthere's a continuation



Chapter 80



hi guyssss i was told by some of my readers on kkt that they didn't get a notification that i made part 4 of this series SO https://archiveofourown.org/works/15255198/chapters/35384679 make sure to support my new story, love you guys <3




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



