



Impurity - FlareonFan - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Impurity
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13904805.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
sorry namjoon was only mentioned briefly, Fluff, Smut, Grinding, pillow humping, Angel/Demon Relationship, Angel Wings, Demons, Min Yoongi | Suga is Bad at Feelings, Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Top Jeon Jungkook, Romance, sin - Freeform
Series:
Part 1 of
Angel/Demon AU
Stats:

        Published: 2018-03-08
        Words: 5283
      

Impurity
by FlareonFan
Summary
Jungkook is a demon; Yoongi is an angel. And he is most definitely not allowed to be in a relationship with this demon.Over the years, he's emotionally suppressed all his urges to sin. Among the angels, no sin goes unpunished.But putting his lustful feelings in the back of his mind gets hard when Jungkook won't let him be.



Impurity


Sprawled out on the couch, Yoongi read a book, letting the TV’s noises occupy his mind at times. The rising sunlight radiated through the windows, illuminating his living room. With a yawn, he turned the page, reaching over to the table to take a sip of his coffee.


Knock knock knock.


Three loud bangs caused him to jump, nearly spilling the coffee everywhere. He tossed the book down on the couch and scrambled to the door, not bothering to mark his place.

Yoongi swung the door open, and his heartbeat accelerated. 

Jungkook stood there, leaning against the doorframe. At the sight of Yoongi, his eyes crinkled in a wide, toothy smile. “Good morning, Yoongi,” he beamed. Yoongi stepped away, nodding at him, but Jungkook didn’t step in.

“You can come in, if you want to,” Yoongi muttered, staring at his shuffling feet. When Jungkook made no move to do so, he sighed, raised his head, and looked him directly in the eye. Jungkook chuckled at him, as though waiting. “What do you want?”

“You should be more direct with me. Say ‘

please come’

 or 

‘I want you in here, Jungkook’.

” His voice dropped as he mocked Yoongi.

He scoffed and started shutting his door. “Forget it. I’m an angel, in case you haven’t noticed, and we’re not supposed to associate with demons. 

Especially

 perverts like you.”

Jungkook put his foot on the door and kicked it open farther, his leg’s strength greatly outweighing Yoongi’s half-assed pushing. “If you followed the rules, I wouldn’t be here in the first place.” Though he didn’t step into the house, he leaned close, his mouth against Yoongi’s ear. “Tell me what you want me to do.”

A shiver ran up Yoongi’s spine. Every bone in his body tensed. But he could still play along. Slowly, Yoongi’s hands rose to cup Jungkook’s face, and he got on his tiptoes. Jungkook closed his eyes and parted his lips, leaning forward. Yoongi sidestepped and whispered into Jungkook’s ear.

“I want you to fuck off.”

Jungkook jerked his head back and frowned, his expression resembling a petulant child. “You don’t want me to fuck off, Yoongi. It’s actually kind of ironic.” He stepped into Yoongi’s house, stripped his coat off, and wandered to the kitchen. Yoongi followed, pushing back a smile, for he had won. “Angels are supposed to be honest creatures, but I’m the only one between us who can tell the truth.”

“I’m not allowed to tell you the truth, Jungkook.”

“Like I said before,” he refuted, his mouth full of saltine crackers, “you’re not allowed to be friends with me, but here we are.”

Yoongi leaned against the wall and watched Jungkook gorge his mouth with whatever he could find in Yoongi’s kitchen. Demons usually cheated, lied, and stole to get everything from a place to live to food to eat. However, Yoongi preferred that his best friend eat his food rather than go out and steal.

“C’mon, let’s go watch TV.” Jungkook grabbed Yoongi’s wrist and dragged him to the couch. As Yoongi flipped through channels, Jungkook leafed through the book that rested there. “What is this, hyung? Let me read.” Yoongi was too busy to care until it was too late. 

“I thrusted my hips into his-

”

Yoongi’s immediate reaction was to shove Jungkook down, knocking the book out of his hands. “Enough! I can’t get any peace with you around, can I.”

Jungkook chuckled, getting comfy in his laying position. He crossed his ankles and propped them on Yoongi’s knees as he fiddled with the remote and continued his ranting. “Too bad, huh? I’m a fucking nightmare to deal with.”

With an eyeroll, Yoongi set the remote down, watching the TV play some sort of murder mystery crime documentary or something. Surprisingly, Jungkook didn’t cause any more mischief besides keeping his feet propped now on Yoongi’s thighs. Not that Yoongi minded too much.

In fact, he moved his hands to the soles of Jungkook’s feet, rubbing in slow circles. Jungkook’s toes curled, and he let out a happy sigh. Yoongi glanced over.

Oh, yeah.

Jungkook wore sweatpants on this particular day.

That seemed to outline something Yoongi could not even 

think 

of.

Because he was an angel, free of sin, not free to sin. 

Under normal circumstances, it would be fine for an angel to give in to lust if their partner was someone they believed they would marry. However, Yoongi was a very unlucky man, and this exception wouldn’t work for him and Jungkook for two reasons.

One, was that Jungkook and Yoongi weren’t in any official relationship. As much as it pained him to think of, Jungkook was a demon. And demons, being the opposite of angels, were not known for their fidelity.

Two, was that Jungkook was a demon. Angels who found their hearts captured by a demon’s temptations faced a lifetime prison sentence in heaven, or permanent banishment to hell.

Both of which sounded unpleasant.

But it was hard to focus on 

consequences

 when Jungkook’s foot rubbed his crotch in that way. They had played this game before, but it never lasted too long.

Until now. Jungkook seemed determined today. He sat up, his bulge still prominent in his pants. It took all the self restraint one could find in heaven for Yoongi not to look. “Hey, angel,” Jungkook muttered, a finger tracing Yoongi’s jaw. 

Something about Jungkook’s intonation made him shudder.

“What is it, demon?”

“Why’re you nervous?”

Yoongi scoffed. “I have no reason to be nervous around you, we’ve been friends for years now.”

“You can trust me, you know. I’m not going to tell anyone.” Jungkook’s hand moved to Yoongi’s neck, rubbing back and forth.

His mind raced. Yoongi clenched his fists, struggling to breathe. Suddenly, Jungkook’s face moved in closer, his doe eyes closing. One of his hands rested on Yoongi’s jaw as he leaned in slowly.

“Wait,” Yoongi choked out. Jungkook removed his hands, his head tilted. “I’m- fuck-” Yoongi felt something twitch in his pants. With a small sob, he sprinted into the bathroom, slamming the door shut and locking it.

“Yoongi,” Jungkook called down the hall, stomping after him. “Hey, I’m sorry, it won’t happen again, I promise.”

Yoongi sat against the door, curled up on the floor, a hand pressed to his mouth. The other hand pressed down on his bulge. He begged in silence for this warm feeling in his body (

especially 

there) to die down.

“I-” he muttered, cut off by a sob. After a few deep breaths, he continued. “I’m sorry, I don’t know why this keeps happening with you.”

“What’s the matter? What’s happening?”

“Um.” Yoongi knew too damn well what was happening to him. But if he told Jungkook, the demon would intensify his own seduction. Because, Yoongi thought, if anyone could drag him out of his vow not to sin, the man was on the other side of this door.

“Hello? Angel?”

“I’m sorry. It’s just that I panicked for no reason at all. I really don’t know why, really.”

“You said really twice.”

More deep breaths, Yoongi told himself. To his relief, his arousal had died down with that conversation. He stood up and opened the door, looking up at Jungkook’s face, which softened upon seeing Yoongi’s state.

“Hey, look at me,” he whispered in a gentle voice, placing his hands on Yoongi’s cheeks. He wiped a tear that had slipped from Yoongi’s eye. “If you don’t want to, you don’t have to tell me why you were crying. I just wanna know if you feel better now.”

Yoongi sniffled and nodded. However, Jungkook’s hands felt so soft, so gentle against his skin that he held it there with his own hand.

The two of them stayed there, indulging in the moment for a bit.

Finally, Jungkook removed his hand (which was almost painful for Yoongi). “Let’s keep watching TV then, yeah?”

With a gummy smile, Yoongi made a small sound of acknowledgment. Jungkook beamed at him.

***

“Jimin, for the love of all that is holy, please answer-”

The door flew open to reveal Jimin, his sweatshirt on backwards and upside down. His face was bright red. Yoongi didn’t dare to ask. “Hey hyung, what are you doing here?”

“Let me in. You know why.”

Realization dawned on his face. He beckoned Yoongi in and closed the door. On the couch was a human, tall and pretty looking, similarly red in the face. Again, Yoongi dare not question the activities of Park Jimin. “Hyung, this is my friend, Yoongi. Yoongi, this is Taehyung, my 

best

 friend.” He stuck his tongue out at Yoongi. Taehyung smiled and pretended to check out his nails.

The boy was not an angel, so Yoongi had to be careful.

Yoongi flared his nostrils. “Yeah, yeah, whatever. Just bring me into your bathroom, I’ll fix whatever leak you have.”

Both Taehyung and Jimin gave him an odd look, but Jimin grabbed his wrist and led him there. “Hyung, by the way,” he said once they got to Jimin’s room, “you don’t need to hide anything from Tae. As long as you don’t tell anyone.”

“I won’t. In fact, there’s kind of something I wanted to ask you about too.”

“What is it? Sit on my bed, I’m all ears.” The two of them plopped onto Jimin’s simple blue and black striped comforter, feet dangling off the edge, facing each other.

Yoongi cleared his throat. “Have you ever been tempted to sin?”

“All of us have, silly. We’re angels, but that doesn’t make us perfect.”

“I mean, like…” He sighed. This matter wasn’t one he should freely speak of, but he was in enough trouble just thinking of these sinful thoughts. “Dangerous sin. The kind that could get you sent to hell, or prison. The stuff that God will personally be pissed off at you for.”

Jimin laughed. “I won’t ask about your situation, but I think we might be in a similar boat. So I’m not really the expert you should ask about this. You probably came here to see Hoseok anyway, right?”

“Yeah. Just let me in.”

He fluttered his eyelashes and smiled widely. “What’s the password?”

Yoongi groaned. “Will you, Park Jimin, the most precious, pure, and perfect angel, grant me permission to enter the Angel’s Room?”

“Granted. Just, uh, help me slide this bed.” The two of them moved to opposite ends of the bed and pushed. Underneath was a stack of boxes that Jimin kicked to the side. On the floor, a glowing, white trapdoor was revealed. “Go ahead, hyung, and tell them I said hi.”

Yoongi, being one of the smaller angels, fit his body into the door quite easily. First his legs, then his stomach, then his arms and head crawled in, descending on a ladder, four white walls surrounding him closely.

There were only a select few angels in every country allowed to have portals to the Angel’s Room. If a demon ever got in, the room would be ‘corrupted’, and God would punish whoever let him in by sentencing their soul to hell. It was meant to be a peaceful place. A safe space of sorts for angels who found themselves frustrated by their inability to relate to human sin.

He closed his eyes and counted to sixty seconds, still descending.

When he opened them again, he was only a few steps down from the floor.

Screw it, he thought, letting go and falling down. He nearly lost his balance when he got to the bottom.

The Angel’s Room never changed. Every inch of wall or desk had at least some aspect of white, most of them being secondarily painted with gold. All around, angels socialized, played table tennis, made jokes to each other, or swam in the pool room.

Yoongi caught Hoseok’s eye, who was practicing some sort of secret handshake with Jin. Hoseok made some excuse to Jin before running over to Yoongi, the latter of the two heading to table tennis.

“Hyung, it’s been so long,” he cried, throwing his arms around Yoongi’s smaller form. “You came here to spend time with me, right?”

“Sort of,” Yoongi muttered back. “I was hoping you could actually help me with a problem. It’s important, or else I wouldn’t have come to you.”

Hoseok scoffed, and Yoongi wanted to apologize at how rudely that might have come out. “So I’m just your therapist now, huh? Alright, let’s go sit over there and have a little chat.”

They went to a neary couch and sat next to each other. “I’ll get right to the point, I guess. I’ve been tempted to sin.”

“That’s pretty normal, haven’t we all?”

“Yeah, that’s obvious, but…” Yoongi swallowed, his toes curling and uncurling in his shoes. “The sin I’m being tempted with is dangerous. Possibly deadly.” 

Hoseok raised both of his eyebrows, but didn’t speak yet.

“And this isn’t normal temptation, either. The more I think I can resist hi- it, the more it seems like I want it.”

Hoseok nodded and hummed, eyes fixed on the floor. “This sin carries a pretty heavy sentence though, right? Otherwise, I can’t imagine you would have come to me. That in itself is pretty dangerous.” He rubbed Yoongi’s shoulder. “I don’t want you getting punished, because I don’t think you’re a bad, sinful person. You’ve always been able to resist it before, so I have faith that you can figure it out now without doing anything rash.”

Yoongi smiled at him. “Thanks.” He still had his own doubts, though, until Hoseok continued.

“This is serious, hyung. You really need to distance yourself from whatever is causing you this temptation, no matter what it may be. You have to learn to live without its presence entirely. That’s physically possible, right?”

For a moment, Yoongi had to contemplate. The logical answer was ‘yes, of course’. 

Unfortunately, the emerging, sinful part of his mind thought it would be impossible.

“Yeah, I can go without it.”

“Good. You have to keep the thoughts of it in your own head. Don’t speak about it after today. Don’t even think about it. Remember that no matter what, I’m here for you to talk to, okay?”

He nodded, but on the inside, was just as unsure as he was when he had come in. Perhaps even more. “I’ll do my best.”

“If you need, Namjoon can cleanse you of your sins. It messes with your memory a bit-”

“Oh, that’ll be fine.”

“Whatever you say, hyung. But I’m warning you that in a week, I’m going to-” he paused, maintaining eye contact. Then he leapt and almost screamed, “scare you! And you better not be sinning, are we clear?”

Both of them collapsed onto the floor, rolling around, wrestling, and laughing. “I got it, Hoseok! Ah, not there- 

aaaah-

” Hoseok tickled his sides, causing him to shrivel up and shriek.

They came to a slow, awkward pause when several other angels glared at them.

At one angel, kneeling over another, his hands on the other’s body.

Yoongi, screaming on the inside, wriggled his way out from under Hoseok. Without making eye contact with or saying a word to anyone, he dashed away and scrambled up the ladder.

***

It was 7 in the goddamn 

morning

 and Jungkook had the nerve to text Yoongi. A demon indeed.


Kookie: yoongi, my darling, my love, my favorite angel!!! let’s do lamb today for lunch at our usual place <3<3<3



Me: why today



Me: fuck that why are you offering when i’d be the one paying for you



Kookie: because you love me <3<3<3


Yoongi bit his lip hard. Hoseok never lied to him; surely, in no more or less than a week, he would check on him to see if he had been sinning lately. Therefore, he should be ignoring Jungkook, as much as it pained him. After all, he had been a good angel all his life. It would be foolish to let this spark of lust ruin his chances of getting into heaven.

Another text came seconds after. Yoongi silently cursed himself for always being a quick replier.


Kookie: don’t ignore me, angel, i know you want me


That text didn’t make Yoongi blush. It didn’t make him throw his face into a pillow and groan. It didn’t make him twitch in places he shouldn’t be thinking about.


Kookie: to hang out with you today


Yoongi rolled his eyes at the antics. However, he had no choice but to ignore the texts coming in. It was for his own good. He had to dispose of the thing forever.

As he walked to the toilet, Yoongi clenched the phone, his knuckles white. He held the phone above the water, almost ready to loosen his grip until Jungkook texted him again.


Kookie: be that way, and i’ll be at your house in 25. just to check up on you, and because we’re going on a date later. love you <3<3<3


Of course, Jungkook’s confessions of love and lust meant nothing but short quips. Demons operated in flirtatious, backhanded ways. Deep down, Jungkook didn’t mean 

any

 of it, Yoongi thought, not bitter at all.

Despite himself, his heart did a little dance at Jungkook’s words.

So he walked away from the toilet, working phone still in hand, and went to make himself toast as he turned on the TV. He sprawled on the couch and received another text from his concerned demon.


Kookie: oh dear, this isn’t about the whole ‘sin’ business, is it? did some of your angel friends feed you nonsense? i’ll get your mind where we want it, angel <3<3<3


Fuck, fuck, fuck. Angels weren’t supposed to swear, but Yoongi cursed out loud. Being called an angel all the time in such a suggestive way got to him sometimes. His chest hurt. His heart was ready to burst. And 

oh God save my soul,

 Yoongi thought, because he was getting hard again.

Tears formed in his eyes. From frustration, though he loathed to admit it. Somehow, suppressing this urge in particular took more of a strain on his mind. Not only his mind, but also his body hurt when he had to force himself to stop thinking of this.

Yoongi raised his hand to his mouth and bit down. 

Hard.

 Enough to hurt so that he would stop reacting to Jungkook’s teasing.

Enough to leave bruise marks on the areas his thumb met the back of his hand and where it met his palm. A tiny drop of blood ran down his forearm.


Knock knock knock.


Oh.

So maybe Yoongi hadn’t considered that Jungkook would be here to see him. Before answering the door, he ran to his room, took a pair of gloves, and pulled them onto his hands on his way to the door.

He opened the door, and Jungkook’s unsure expression relaxed. “Oh, thank God you’re okay, hun!” Jungkook threw his arms around Yoongi. “I was so worried when you weren’t answering my texts. Didn’t you see that I texted you? Did I upset you for some reason?”

Yoongi tried to look Jungkook in the eye. He instead pulled back, snapped his head away, and gestured for Jungkook to enter.

“Please talk to me,” Jungkook whispered, taking his shoes off. He didn’t move more than an arm’s length from the door. “I never wanted to hurt you.”

“You didn’t,” Yoongi squeaked out, backing away. “I just- talked to some people. About things. Well…” Angels, being the pure, sinless beings that they were, did not lie. When they tried to lie, the words were exceptionally difficult to push out. “I had my doubts about being your friend.”

“So it 

was

 someone else’s fault.” If Jungkook caught on to his lie, he didn’t show it.

“Ah, no, I’m the one who ignored you.” Yoongi hesitated, considering adding an apology.

“You shouldn’t feel bad. I expected there to be some problems along the way. It’s normal to have some doubts, but I’m always here for you, okay?” Jungkook reached out and tucked a strand of hair behind Yoongi’s ear. He didn’t move.

“Thank you.”

“No problem.” Still, he didn’t budge.

“Uh, do you wanna come in or something?”

“Right. One more thing.” Jungkook pointed to Yoongi’s gloved hands. “What.”

Shit. That wasn’t nearly as smooth as Yoongi hoped it would be. “I have no explanation. Just picking up a new fashion trend, yeah?” His voice trembled slightly, but even Jungkook heard, and he furrowed his eyebrows.

Jungkook took a few steps forward, to which Yoongi stepped away, holding his hands behind him. Lying was no use now. Unfortunately, though, that meant Yoongi didn’t have many tricks up his sleeve.

“Tell me the truth.” Jungkook’s eyes bore into Yoongi’s. “Why are you wearing gloves?”

His authoritative voice, his tall, straight stance, his gorgeous eyes, his hands, his muscular arms, his manly chest, his jawline, oh no, oh no, 

oh no-


Yoongi broke in a sprint to the bathroom. He wasn’t fast enough for Jungkook, who seized his wrists before he could get away.

At that point, Yoongi had no chance, and they both knew it. With a hand still binding his wrists, Jungkook picked Yoongi up and carried him the short distance to the couch.

He only released Yoongi when he was sitting on top of him. 

What a fucking nightmare of a best friend,

 Yoongi thought to himself. 

Jungkook, much to his surprise, got off of him within seconds. Yoongi rubbed his poor, crushed thighs, pulling them in front of him to hide his crotch from view.

“Let’s talk,” Jungkook started, grabbing one of Yoongi’s hands. That should not have turned him even more sinful. It was the purest of touches, but Jungkook doing it made it different entirely.

“My gloves,” he muttered, taking his hand away to pull them off. As he tossed them to a nearby table, Jungkook grabbed the bitten hand in both of his and inspected it like a scientist would look at a fossil or something similar.

“What happened?” Jungkook asked in a hushed, nearly silent voice. Yoongi’s heart fluttered.

“I bit myself.”

“Why?”

“Frustrated.”

“With?”

He swallowed. This was it. He didn’t want to live under the constant pressure of other angels to be ‘pure’ and ‘free of sin’, but he didn’t want to live his life in hell. So what if he let himself go to hell? He trusted Jungkook enough to catch him. 

“I’ve been close to sinning so much lately. I really want to give in. It keeps me up at night, thinking about it and hoping it’ll go away if I ignore it. That seems to make it worse. But no matter what, I can’t- can’t-”

Yoongi crawled to Jungkook, burying his face in his chest, letting the tears flow. Fuck. There was so many things pent up in him that he scarcely knew where to begin.

Jungkook rubbed his back, shushing him and kissing the top of his head. “Can’t what? Come on, say it, you’re doing so well,” he cooed. With the other arm, Jungkook held Yoongi close to himself.

“I can’t touch myself. 

Oh,

” he added, as if realizing that he’d really just said that.

Jungkook continued rubbing him in slow circles. “What if you do?”

“I’ll get punished. Disallowed from the Angel’s Room. Everyone will hate me. Hoseok, Jimin, Jin… they’ll all hate me.” He continued to sob into Jungkook’s shirt. Getting his back rubbed, though, felt amazing.

“Don’t worry about them. They’ll understand. If they don’t, they’re not worth your time. No matter what happens to you or how much your God punishes you, I’ll make sure you’re okay. Because I love you.”

Yoongi’s heart exploded into a million little pieces. He hugged Jungkook with a death grip. “I love you too,” he replied into Jungkook’s chest.”

“I didn’t hear that, come again?”

Yoongi pushed himself up, now sitting on Jungkook’s lap. “I love you too, Jungkook. So much.”

They spent the rest of the day together, cuddling in peace. At some point a little after noon, Yoongi took Jungkook out for lamb skewers, and to his utter bafflement, Jungkook payed for it all.

Later that night, after an unproductive day, Jungkook suddenly smiled. “Hyung, there’s something I brought for you. A little gift.”

“What?”

“You see,” he explained, clearing his throat, “I have a good friend- a human- who’s also dating an angel.” From his pocket, Jungkook pulled out a comb. “Apparently, this specific brand of comb feels amazing, nearly orgasmic on an angel’s wings. I bought it to try it on you, if you don’t mind?”

“Oh.” Yoongi shrugged, stripping his shirt off. At this point, he was ready to lose all hesitation about opening up to Jungkook. He moved to face the back of the couch, his arms hanging over the end, his wings spreading as far as they could. “Do it, then.” His wings already shook in anticipation, communicating his emotions for him.

Jungkook moved behind him, standing in front of the couch. In one hand, he held the alula of the wing, and in the other, he brushed the comb over it, slow in his movements.

The effect on Yoongi was instantaneous. His thighs squeezed together in a poor attempt to hide his growing, nearly fully hard erection. Unrestrained moans spilled from his lips with every stroke. He pushed his hard length against the front of the couch and-

Jungkook pulled the comb away. Yoongi turned around with a glare. “What the hell, why don’t you keep going?”

“Let’s try this again later. I think you’re about to, you know.” His eyes trailed down to Yoongi’s bulge, then back up again. “I’d be happy to make you come, but I want it to be proper sex, yeah?” He didn’t even conceal his shit-eating smirk.

Yoongi scoffed and grimaced. “Sometimes, I forget that my best friend is a demon. And you live up to the name 

too well

.”

***

That night, Yoongi pondered long and hard about what Jungkook had said- and what he had said. No matter what the angels insisted upon, no one could know if he relieved himself right now.

So he reached for a pillow, laid face down and tucked it under him, letting his mind wander.

All he could think of was Jungkook. How nice it would feel to let go of his inhibitions and take what he wanted. How willingly Jungkook would give that to him, how well he would do that.

Before long, in his mental fantasy, Jungkook started to fuck his ass hard and dirty. Though angels were prohibited from watching pornography, it would be a lie to say Yoongi followed all the rules.

Fuck, that would feel good, Yoongi thought, thrusting into the pillow.

One of his hands hugged the pillow to him, keeping the friction where he wanted it. With the other hand, he reached around. Gently, he rubbed his rim with the tip of his middle finger, his index and ring fingers holding him open.

He started to thrust his hard dick into the space between his pillow and himself, causing him to release unrestrained moans.

“Jungkook,” he gasped out on one good thrust.

He didn’t expect to get an answer, but… “Yoongi?”

“Shit!” He had somehow forgotten letting Jungkook spend the night here. In two seconds, Yoongi pushed the pillow away and threw a blanket over himself. Jungkook stared, wide eyed, open mouthed. In his aroused state, Yoongi couldn’t help but notice the bulge in his pants. And its impressive size compared to his own. Against his will, he let out a tiny whimper.

Jungkook took a deep breath. He stepped into the room, stripping off his clothes in the meanwhile.

Heart racing, Yoongi watched his every move with unblinking eyes. Smooth abs were revealed to him first, then toned thighs, then a long, thick cock, tinted red. Overall, the most beautiful body Yoongi had ever seen.

“Hey, Jungkook,” he muttered, unsure of what to say next.

Jungkook just smiled, motioning for him to scoot over so they could lay side by side. “I saw what you were doing, sweetheart,” he cooed, giving Yoongi’s forehead a kiss.

“Why would you invade my privacy, then?” He snapped back. But he didn’t intend any poison in his lethal tone. 

“I wanted to ask- and I’ll leave if you say no. You want me to take the place of that pillow?”

 “Yes,” he replied in a hurry. Yoongi’s heart soared at the offer. Jungkook grabbed his hips with strong hands. 

With ease, Jungkook grabbed him by the hips and lifted him to sit on his thighs. Dark eyes swept over Yoongi’s lithe form, and he tried to shrivel up, scoot away and cover his body with his arms. However, Jungkook took his wrists instead and put them to his sides. His eyes were free to roam with no resistance on Yoongi’s part.

The sheer strength Jungkook held to be able to restrain Yoongi made his cock drip pre.

“You like being handled like that, doll? Bet you’d like it if I tossed you around a little more, hm?”

Yoongi gasped and rolled his hips down. Jungkook’s fingers moved to lace with his, thumbs rubbing Yoongi’s palm. The sheer contrast between holding hands like innocent teenagers and hearing some of the 

dirtiest

 words that have ever graced his ears made him even hotter.

Finally, Jungkook let go of both his hands, receiving a grunt of complaint. Yet it turned into a gasp when Jungkook grabbed his cheeks firmly and squeezed.

“I’ve always wanted to do that,” he confessed quietly.

Poor Yoongi, he had no smooth response and had to resort to turning even more red. Good thing the lights were out. “You lewd demon,” he choked out. 

Jungkook, still cupping Yoongi’s ass, scooted it forward so their hard dicks rubbed together. They each let out a moan at the contact. Surprisingly, Yoongi was the first to start thrusting, his hips gyrating, searching for the tiniest bit of friction.

Momentarily, Jungkook would give a strong thrust up, giving them each surges of pleasure.

It wasn’t even ten minutes of grinding and moaning when Yoongi’s hips stuttered. “Oh, Jungkook, it feels good- really good, right now, I don’t know-”

“Shh, it’s okay, baby. That’s what it feels like when you’re about to come. I’ll help you out, I’m really close.”

Spreading his cheeks even wider, Jungkook moved one of his fingers to Yoongi’s tight hole. As Yoongi had tried earlier, he massaged the rim, but in a much more skillful manner.

“Fuck! I’m about to- 

aaah-

” Yoongi threw his head back and closed his eyes, his thrusts slow and heavy as cum spurted from his cock. At the same time, Jungkook came with him, moaning his name loud.

Neither of them moved in the seconds afterwards. Yoongi stared in fascination at the white substance that coated their stomachs. He knew it was cum, but he had never seen it… or tasted it.

As if he knew what he was thinking, Jungkook said, “next time, we’re sucking each other off, unless you have a better idea.”

“What do you mean ‘next time’?” Yoongi’s face turned red again as he stumbled to the bathroom, snatching a cloth off the rack and running the sink.

“Don’t even try to hide it, you want there to be a next time. You love this.”

Yoongi scoffed. “Maybe I do.”

After he cleaned their mess, Yoongi dove into his bed and cuddled up to Jungkook. Perhaps living a life of sin would turn out to be all he had ever wanted with this man.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



