



In Heat - Khymer - Sha Lu falseTian Shi
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

In Heat
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16829266.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
殺戮の天使 | Satsuriku no Tenshi (Video Game), 殺戮の天使 | Satsuriku no Tenshi | Angels of Death (Manga), 殺戮の天使 | Satsuriku no Tenshi | Angels of Death (Anime)
Relationship:
Isaac "Zack" Foster/Rachel Gardner
Character:
Isaac "Zack" Foster, Rachel Gardner
Additional Tags:
the e does not stand for everyone, ice water is needed for cooldown times, Sexual Content, Ray is an adult in this fic obviously, read at your own discretion please, Post Game
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-03
        Words: 20679
      

In Heat
by Khymer
Summary
While on the run, Zack and Ray temporarily make camp within a forest. Unfortunately, the weather hasn't been entirely kind to the two. During the heat of the summer night, a dip in a nearby lake seems to be exactly what they need.
Notes
I'm still writing my other projects, don't worry! Decided to throw some gasoline onto the fire of recent sin fics being posted lol

          See the end of the work for more notes




In Heat

4 years have passed since Zack broke Rachel free from the facility. They’ve been on the run since then, and camped in various locations. Even now, the two have gathered supplies to sustain their nomadic way of life until the supposed day for the oath to be fulfilled - or to Zack, until Rachel’s smile stops sucking. The pair chose to make their next camp in the middle of a forest. Their original plan was to cut through until the next town, but their portable radio signalled news of increased police activity nearby. It was best to wait it out for a while until they made their move again. They set up their living area with a travel tent they obtained through stolen money, had enough provisions to last them a while, and to their advantage, they were camped near a lake. Ray could filter any water collected, boil it, and then cool it in some jugs for safe drinking. Thank god this girl had smarts - well, not a girl anymore, she was a woman now. Rachel was 18 years old and Zack was 25, yet every passing day, Ray still appeared as the same brat he made into his companion, though with some differences he can’t ignore. Putting those differences in the back of his mind, the weather hasn’t been exactly kind for the both of them. It was in the middle of summer, and lately it’s been muggier from the last few days. They’ve seen a gathering a clouds here and there, but not a single drop of rain to cool the environment around them. “Nature’s being a fucking cocktease…” Zack growled aloud. “I’d have to agree with you...if the clouds show rain, it could at least rain where it needs it the most.” Even during the nights, the weather was just as hot and muggy, making the privilege of sleeping in their tent just as uncomfortable. The two often slept together in the same bed, but they obviously kept their space to prevent a build up of body heat. Not like it helped anyway, neither one of them could sleep as sweat collected on their skin. Ray let out a heavy sigh as she quickly sat up, then unzipped the opening of their tent. Zack blearily opened an eye to see the woman shuffle out, “Where are you goin’?” “To the lake to cool off, I can’t sleep in this heat,” Rachel replied with a grumble, “...you want to come with me?” Zack sat up a little as he tugged at his hoodie to release some heat, he hummed out his discomfort, and slowly picked himself up to follow the woman. “Sure, why not? I’m sick of stewing in the tent anyway…” The two made their way to the nearby lake, hearing the faint waves splashing against the shores, like it was beckoning them to cool themselves off. Isaac stared at the giant pool of fresh water, then knelt down to start unlacing his boots to kick them off. He wondered why he even bothered to slip them on just to take them off again, he’ll just haul them back to the tent after a quick dip. Zack set his clunky boots off to the side, then rolled the leggings of his pants up before stepping into the water, and immediately felt the soothing, cool temperature on his skin. Fuck, it was a relief, enough to make the man let out a pleased sigh. “Damn, I needed this...good idea, Ray,” Zack said aloud, then turned to Rachel’s direction. The woman stood at the shore, her feet already ankle deep in the water, but she wasn’t just going to soak her feet like Zack was doing. The woman grasped at the bottom of her shirt and began to slip them off. Isaac loudly sputtered in shock, as he turned his gaze away. “W-What the fuck are ya’ doin’?” he shouted. The woman turned to Zack, seeing him flusteredly look away from her, “I’m taking a dip to cool off. I don’t want to get my clothes all wet, now do I?” “S-So you’re just gonna get butt-fuckin’-naked right in front of me?!” Rachel raised a brow, not really expecting Zack to be so prudish, especially since this man had seen all sorts of sights in his life. “I don’t see a problem, it’s just the two of us here after all,” Rachel said, unclipping her bra and tossing it to where her shirt now laid. “Besides, I don’t have anything to hide.” “Anything to…?!” Zack stuttered. Of course she did, her entire naked body was what. Yet, the woman had no shame to reveal herself as she slipped off both her shorts and panties, then tossed them with the rest of her clothes. Isaac just stood there, completely flabbergasted, she just stripped down so casually with little care or worry about herself, while he was within the same area as her. Zack wanted to cool down, but he was not expecting this, of all things, for her to have in mind. Still, Zack couldn’t stop watching, couldn’t stop observing those notable changes in Ray from those 4 years. She had gotten taller - though was still short by his standards, her form took on a curvier and feminine shape like alot of women he’s passed by, and there was her face as well. It still bore youthfulness to it, but mostly maturity, Rachel is a woman, and Zack can’t forget that.  As the man stared, something about her nude form and the environment around them just made her all the more alluring. Despite that it was another muggy night, it was still cloudless enough for the full moon to shine its luminescence through the area. How the glow made Rachel’s porcelain skin show, along with the moon’s reflection to add to this ethereal-like appearance to her. To Zack she could look like some sort of phantom...or perhaps something more enticing. Rachel brushed her golden locks back as she began to step further into the lake, she shivered a little from how cold it was, then took a deep breath before diving the rest of her body in. It only took a few seconds for her to resurface, and let out a stunned breath. “Phew...it’s cold, but it’s not so bad,” Ray announced, “C’mon Zack...come hop in! It feels nice once you get used to it.” Isaac just stared at her, then to the water a bit nervously. “Really, it feels nice!” Ray beckoned, “just a quick dip will cool you right off!” He knows the woman isn’t lying, but that’s not what’s making him so hesitant. It’s the fact that she’s asking to do the same thing as her - to strip down bare naked. Despite all the years of travelling together, Zack still wasn’t comfortable with just displaying his entire body like that. She’s seen his scars, but not his entire naked body, and he was unsure to even start now. It’s not just because it’s Rachel, he trusts her completely, but it was because they were both of the opposite sex, and he just wasn’t 100% on joining her in the nude. Still, even with his feet submerged in the cool water, Zack was still burning up in the rest of his clothes, not to mention, his bandages as well. Zack swallowed hard as his heart beat increased in pace, and his hands found themselves at the zipper of his hoodie. He wants relief from the heat and humidity, and to rid himself of this smothering feeling. First, he needs to undress. The man nibbled at his bottom lip, then glanced at Rachel, who curiously waited on him. “I can’t believe I’m gonna fuckin’ do this…” Zack muttered to himself. “Hey! Turn the fuck around!” “Turn around?” “Yeah, and don’t peek, dammit!” Zack shouted. Ray tilted her head in confusion, but if it’s what Zack wants, she may as well listen. Isaac watched the woman turn around in the water, giving him some sort of solace on his mind. Still, he was so nervous about doing this, that he was shaking. Zack’s fingers fumbled at the zipper a couple times, before finally clasping the metal tab and pulling it down to the bottom of his hoodie. Once he slipped off that, then he did the same for his pants, pulling them down and leaving him in his boxers. ‘Christ...I’m actually doing this…’ Zack thought to himself before glancing around every so often to make absolutely damn sure no one was around to watch - more or less, get a peek at his self-thought disgusting figure. Isaac took a deep breath as he dug his fingers into his bandages now, unwrapping and tearing off places to let the thin cloth just slide right off his body, and free his scarred skin to finally breathe. Finally, there was his boxers. His thumbs dug under the rim, as Zack focused on the water right in front of him - just slip it off and fucking bolt. ‘Okay...1...2...3!’ Off the undergarment went, as Zack dashed into the water. “TITS ON CHRIST THIS WATER IS COLD!” Looks like this was Ray’s cue that it was safe to turn around. The woman turned to see the man huddling to himself and shivering from the sudden chill of the water. “It’s not so bad, right?” “I’m freakin’ naked and in freezing cold water,” Zack growled in discomfort. “ Fuck, this is weird.” Rachel can see the discomfort on the man’s face, and could sense the growing anxiety. She just wants to help, and have him feel the same sense of relief from the horrible muggy weather. Zack rubbed at his skin to try and regain some warmth, but heard the woman start to approach him, “Don’t come near me! Just stay right there!” Ray flinched for a moment from his harsh tone of voice, it left her feeling a bit disheartened. Maybe she pushed him into doing something he didn’t want to do, still, she wants to ease the awkward tension in the air, and help Zack feel a little more at ease with this situation. Sure, they’re skinny dipping, but it was still better than sweltering in their tent together. An idea came to mind, something so simple, but playful. Suddenly, Zack felt a splash of cold water hit his skin, with Rachel scooping up more and throwing it in his direction. The feeling of cold liquid splashing against him shocked his senses over and over, which began to agitate the man. “Knock it the fuck off!” Zack grumbled, “Ray, cut it out!” The splashes continued, with her expression growing more smug. “Ray!” “Come and make me,” Ray said. Scooping up yet another handful of water to throw towards the man. A few more splashes in, Zack growled before reeling his hand back and tossing his share of water back at Ray. Instead of hearing her yelp, or shout her own share of annoyance, he heard a laugh. It was an innocent and playful giggle, something he’s never heard before from the woman. How the fuck is he supposed to react to that? Anyone who dared to laugh like that often got ripped to bits, but with Ray...he kind of wants to hear it again. Zack dunked his hand into the cool water and began to fling it at the woman, watching her recoil, and let out another laugh. This made a smirk creep on Zack’s lips, until he felt another wave of water being thrown at him again, soaking his skin and hair. It was becoming contagious, her hearty laugh and playful vibes was starting to coax his own share of laughs. Back and forth, the two began to fling water at each other, turning this moment of teasing into a playful battle. They were getting soaked as their little fight progressed. Rachel, however, was starting to change tactics. As Isaac threw his share of water towards Ray, he watched her dodge and evade his attacks, while she splashed him with her own. Zack let out a huff as he tried to get her again, flinging water again and again, but he saw Rachel start to wade away from him. She wasn’t going to escape, Zack won’t let her win. So, Zack chose to chase her down in the lake. He was so focused on catching her and paying her back for getting him drenched, that the discomfort he once felt earlier didn’t cross his mind. Closer and closer Zack began to reduce the distance between him and Rachel. The woman tried a few tricks to slow him down, like splashing at him in mid-chase, or changing directions to escape Zack’s clutches. “Wait until I get you,” Zack said, lunging a hand out towards her. The woman barely escaped his grasp and splashed at him again. This didn’t deter the man, not even enough to flinch. Zack reached out and grabbed the woman by the sides, and quickly yanked her close. Rachel let out a short yelp, as she felt Zack’s arms wrap around her body and press her close against his. The woman writhed and squirmed in his grip, which only drove the man to press her closer against him. She wasn’t going to slip away, Isaac was ready to let out his trademark cackle, feeling confident with his new victory. Suddenly, he felt a warmth press against his hips. His bare hips. Reality kicked in his senses, and caused Zack to shove Rachel out of his arms. “Zack?” Isaac said nothing, as he began to back away from Rachel. She can see that discomforted expression on the man’s face yet again. “Zack, what’s wrong?” “We got too close, that’s what’s wrong,” Zack replied, sinking himself in the water to hide his body. That answer wasn’t specific enough for Rachel. Zack’s been very evasive this entire time, “...And? What about it? Why is it bothering you so much?” Isaac shot himself up, obviously frustrated about her naivety, “What about-...put two and two together, Ray! I’m a man and you’re a woman! It’s a no brainer what the problem is!” Rachel stared at the man, she wasn’t dumb about the situation, not at all, she just didn’t seem to care. What Zack was implying to her wasn’t hard to figure out, he was a man, and she a woman - all alone and in the nude. There was no question what kind of situation that could happen between them. If she still continued on, there could be a possibility that Zack could cave into a different predatory instinct, a different type of lust. Just the thought of Zack doing that though, it made her cheeks grow warm, and her heart race. Rachel had grown into a woman, Zack may have seen her as the same person during their years together, but she began to see him differently. Isaac was her partner, and eventually her executioner, but he was also her ally and her greatest friend. Over time, Rachel saw different sides of Zack no other human on this Earth would see, both physically and emotionally. To her, Zack was the most human individual that she’d come to know, and during those years growing up, she began to feel a fluttering fondness for the man - a secret desire. Rachel wasn’t a brat anymore, she was an adult. “What about it?” she mutters, “You are a man, and I am a woman. I see no problem with that. It’s just the both of us alone out here...and whatever happens between us...will happen…” Isaac’s mind went blank for a moment, her bold and upfront personality remained the same, but everything else about her changed so much. Rachel knows damn well that if they continued, the possibility of sex could occur - whatever happens, will happen. She was going to allow it. Rachel wanted Zack to stop seeing her as the brat he befriended, and see her - truly see her, as a woman. Well, he can see it now. The mental images of Rachel’s nude form bathed in the moonlight never left his mind, and how entrancing she was under that natural glow. Was this what people call beauty? If so, then Zack doesn’t want to stop gazing at it, at her. Zack’s cheeks began to grow hot, but it wasn’t only just that he felt. Lower down his body, he began to feel a warm stir within his core. Slowly, Rachel began to approach Zack again, her upper body rose from the water surrounding them, exposing her drenched bosoms before him. Isaac’s bi-colored eyes quickly focused on Rachel’s upper body, but changed direction as soon as the woman cradled his face in her hands. Her eyes are different now, not that usual hollow and dead look Zack was so accustomed to, but they had a new glimmer to them. This glimmer showed a sense of adoration in Rachel’s stare, but also this sense of life to them, something that Zack just can’t stop gazing into. She adores him, very much. Rachel couldn’t care if Zack was covered with scars, he was attractive to her. Because, unlike any “normal” person, Rachel saw Zack through them all. He was nothing more, and nothing less - especially nothing less. He was Zack. The two began to feel this strange sensation between the both of them, an unknown and silent force that began to pull them closer - an attraction. Little by little, the distance between them began to close, Rachel stepped a couple inches closer, while Zack allowed this intrusion of his personal bubble. With her cupping his cheeks, he had no way to retreat - even if he wanted to. The couple just stood there in the lake, gazing at each other in a standstill, like neither one was sure who should make that first move. Attraction seemed to do its trick as that silent pull began to help move Zack and Rachel closer at the same time. The distance between them grew shorter and shorter, until their lips began to connect. It was a gentle press at first, until their mouths locked into a proper kiss. They felt a warm and pleasant sensation as their kiss progressed, and their hands began to coil around their bodies to remove any space between them. Air began to make its demand for the couple, forcing them to reluctantly part, yet they refused to make anymore space to be apart. Both Zack and Ray stared into each other’s eyes as they recollected their breaths, only for that power of attraction to draw them close again. Their lips found each other once more, only Zack placed a hand behind Rachel’s head to keep her close, as instinct guided the man to do something a little different. Their mouths opened a little more, which allowed Zack to start discovering her. Rachel inhaled a sharp gasp as something invaded her mouth, and grazed against her tongue. Her fingers lightly gripped at Zack’s arm, but not once thought came across her mind to back away. Instead, she welcomed it, and savored this new taste. Eventually, the couple adapted to this new form of kissing, turning it passionate, needy, and deep. Despite being in the cool water, the couple were feeling a growing heat between them the more they fervidly continued their kiss. They occasionally pulled back a few times to regain their need for oxygen, only to pull themselves back in for yet another moment of heavy liplock. If the two knew what ecstasy was, they could definitely feel it. It was a blissful haze that clouded their minds during their moment of savage liplock. Their tongues swirled and danced around another to steal each other’s sinful flavor, while kindling the surging heat accumulating within them. Rachel’s arms wrapped tightly around Zack’s frame, pressing herself closer against the man’s body. Her breasts gently pushed against Isaac’s pecs, just feeling the plushness of her feminine body, drove the man to guide a hand down Rachel’s spine until it reached her hips. Her skin felt so soft, silky, and supple underneath Zack’s calloused fingertips, and the further down they travelled, he felt how curvy Rachel’s womanly body had morphed into. Zack’s hand found its way to her buttocks, and temptation guided the man to gently grab at her nude body. “M-Mh…!” Just the sensitivity Ray felt caused a reflex within her, causing her body to jolt from the sudden touch, and buck against the man holding her. During their sensual haze, neither one realized just how close they pressed themselves together, until Isaac began to feel it. That sudden buck against him, he felt a sudden surge of warmth rub right against him, between his legs, and sparking a sensation he’s never felt before. “Hnng…” Zack grunted at first, before he couldn’t hold back this sound being torn out no longer, “H-haah…” Ray silently stared at the man in front of her, such a hot sigh rung in her ears, and made something twist into knots within her core. She felt him, and hearing his response made her feel a sense of curiosity and excitement. It was the most vulnerable sound she’d ever heard from a sturdy man like Zack, there wasn’t just a weakness behind it, but it was a consensual weakness. Rachel wants to hear it again, she wants to feel Zack’s body against hers again, she just wants everything new to be discovered from Zack. “Ray…” Zack whispers. The woman pulls Zack in for another deep kiss, her tongue delved into Zack’s mouth, as if she craved his flavor like she could starve without it. The man shuddered with her physical boldness, but did nothing to resist, just everything that was occurring now was filling him with a sense of addiction - this was more than enough for Isaac to grab at Rachel’s ass with both hands to press her close. Ray softly panted from the feral squeezes on her rump, but this only fueled her need. If close if what Zack wants, close he will get. The woman responded to Zack’s advances by picking up one of her legs and coiling around his, leaving the both of them to have their hips meet. He can feel her now, alot more than ever, Rachel’s heat. It was a primally warm sensation pressed right against his crotch, making the man’s heart pound hard in his scarred chest, and filling his head with thoughts that never plagued him before. At this point, dipping into the cool lake no longer had its effect, as originally intended, they were both feeling hot again. Yet, this heat wasn’t the muggy and miserable sensation they wanted to relieve themselves from. They were burning within, but were driven to only make this heat grow, instead of chill. Isaac’s off-colored eyes stared into the abyssal blue of Rachel’s orbs - that glimmer, that want he can see clear as day in them. It’s obvious that something more is to be done in this situation. The things the both of them were exposed to in the streets, especially during the late hours of the night. It was hard to ignore the sounds of lust coming from various prostitutes, or even creeps looking for a place to just crank one out. The physical mechanics began to replay in his mind, just before Zack made the kill on the busy fornicators in his turf. How two people fervently pressed their bodies against one another, and motioned their hips in some sort of gyration. Rachel’s action was merely out of reflex, but Zack was going to make his a little more consistent. Zack held onto Rachel firmly, his fingers pressing fairly hard onto her skin as he began to roll his hips against hers. It was a gentle sway at first, but it was enough to rub his growing heat against hers. “Mhh…!” A soft whimper hummed in the back of Rachel’s throat, something that just slipped from her mental grasp. This movement and meeting of bodies caused a strange sensation to spark between Ray’s legs, a tingling heat that told her instincts to repeat and tease this with movements of her own. This made Zack growl out his own share of torn sounds, so this is why people spent energy on something like this. He never expected this to feel so strange and so good. It was very pleasing to Zack’s senses, aside from the usual thrills he got from committing crimes. The couple began to move their hips against each other, gazing and listening intently on new reactions to judge which ones were best. Rachel was shuddering, to have this new pulsing feeling overcome her senses, it was no wonder Zack sounded so vulnerable the first time. “Haah…” Zack huffed out, he was just as wrecked as she was. Aside from the hot throbs he was feeling from his groin, there was also a sense of stiffness with reach rub against him. Rachel could feel it too, growing hotter and more firm against her sex. “Z-Zack…” she mewled. The man got goosebumps to hear that tone of voice, begging him in such a way to continue. This drove Zack to lean close to Rachel’s neck and hungrily drag his tongue against her skin. How smooth and sweet her skin tasted to him, he leaned even closer to start swarming her neck with his lips, and began to firmly suckle on it. “Zack…a-ah…” A chill crawled down Zack’s spine, making him breathe an aroused growl from the back of his throat. His teeth found her skin this time, raking at her supple neck in some sort of feral claim on her body. The leg coiled around Zack pushed him against Ray a little more, as the woman tried to motion her body against his thrusts. It had an effect on the couple, like her body was signalling the man exactly all the right spots to rub, and vice versa. Neither one could see the actions they were performing, but they sure as hell could feel it. Something hot and hard rolling against Rachel’s body, while something slippery and warm slid on Zack. “Aah…” Rachel gasped, feeling the man moving his hips a little quicker, “Nnh! Zack...” “Hnn...keep making more of that sound…” Zack growled. He wants to keep hearing it, such a sound is exciting him, making him hot and bothered. He just wants to hold Rachel against him and render her body under his mercy. His instincts were starting to kick in for this new kind of lust. God, she wants to, but the environment they were in now really wasn’t suited for this kind of thing. She’s burning up inside, but at the same time, she was getting cold from the lake water around them. The woman reluctantly slowed her gyrations, and brought a hand up to pull Zack into kissing her again. Their mouths opened up to welcome the dance of their tongues once more, it’s just enough to direct Zack’s focus onto her. “Let’s get out of the water first…” Ray said, cupping Zack’s cheeks, “...I don’t want to stop...but I want us to be in a spot where we’re comfortable...you understand?” Isaac glanced at the water all around them, it was starting to grow a bit difficult to cave into these new impulses driving him. He can hold and press the woman against him all he wants, but he wants more freedom to discover this. These grinds felt so damn nice, but like the sights he’s seen in the alleys, there were definitely other activities to be done. “Okay...y-yeah...let’s get out.” Slowly, the couple released their heavy grip from each other, both feeling reluctant to stop, due to the nagging throbs within their loins. They craved more stimulation, more friction, or something to help spark those wonderful sensations again. Ray grasped Zack’s fingers and guided him out of the lake with her. The two eventually came ashore where they can really see each other’s bodies. That moonlight glow on Rachel’s porcelain skin again, it sent shivers along Zack’s body as he craved to feel it again in some way or another. He wants to taste the pulses on her throat again, run his fingers along her breasts, and map every new detail of Ray’s feminine form. As Rachel gazed at Zack, she could see the man’s firm physique again. Her fingers gently trailed along the man’s abs, grazing with a tender delicateness past the fading scar of his stomach wound - it had healed quite nicely through the years. However, what caught her eye the most, was a new change in Zack. Her eyes focused between the man’s legs, seeing where natural skin tone met the slight tanning of Zack’s scars, and the trail of body hair that did manage to grow on the man’s body. The bits of stubble leading from his navel further down to Zack’s pelvis, where a tuft rested at the man’s hips. Within that natural patch, is exactly where Ray’s gaze was fixed. This was the first time she actually got to see Zack, all of him, but it was also the first time to see him in an aroused state. Isaac’s cock had hardened during their moment of sultry grinding, standing firmly erect and elongated. Ray often guessed what Zack’s size could be in her moment of secret fantasies, but she was surprised how big he was. Like with Zack’s moans, his anatomy got her curious, she wants to observe more of it, explore more of it, and see how Zack would respond. “Why do ya’ keep starin’ at it, Ray?” Zack grumbled. “Ain't ever seen a guy in th’ buff before?” Rachel really had no response, she was enthralled by the sight, really. She glanced back up at Zack, then to his member yet again. With no other words, the man watched Ray get down onto her knees to come face-to-face with his dick. “R-Ray?” Zack sputtered in surprise. The woman placed a hand at Zack’s hip, she wanted to keep him in place as she gazed at every detail of his member. It lightly twitched from throbs coursing through the shaft, not only that, she could see that Isaac was all natural, as the head was still protected by that extra layer of skin that had yet to stretch back from arousal. She wants to feel him, every part of Zack’s male anatomy, and see what made him such an amazing man. Zack watched the woman bring her hands in a new position, and flinched as soon as one grasped the base of his cock, while the other… “Nngh!!” Zack chokes. Her index finger pressed against the tip, it was hot and strangely slippery to the touch. Yet, this drove her to gently roll her digit against it. Zack’s legs shook hard from the touch, as another moan tore from his throat. Rachel glanced up at him, and saw that vulnerable expression again, along with hearing even his breath have a shudder to it. Rachel swirled her finger along the tip a little more to gauge more reactions from the man. ‘He’s sensitive here…’ “R-Ray...hn…” The woman pulled her hand back just for a moment, before coiling her fingers around the head, and gently motioned that fold of skin back to present the entirety of Zack’s cock head before her. It had reddened from the abundance of blood flow during arousal, which continued to drive Rachel’s sense of sexual curiosity further. Isaac couldn’t keep his eyes away, it was like some sort of strange show being presented right before him, as Rachel’s exploring touches was overwhelming him. So, this was pleasure, or at least a part of it. The grinds from earlier felt amazing, but what Rachel was doing to him right now, showed signs of it increasing tenfold. Ray’s thumb glided against the head, getting a mental map of Zack’s physical detail, while also memorizing the sounds of Zack’s reactions. The shudders and yelps were the biggest flags that where she touched was very sensitive, while the hums told her that it wasn’t as great, but still fairly pleasing. As one hand explored the head, the other that stayed camped at the base of the shaft began its own movements. The shaft was so rigid within her grip, but also very alive with the throbs squirming within her palms. Slowly, her hand gestured back and forth on the pulsing shaft, feeling the protective layer of skin slide along with her touch, as she watched Zack’s hips twitch in response. She was grazing new nerves on him, and watched Zack’s expression, while her hand ran to-and-fro on his cock. “Nh...f-fuck…” Zack groaned. He can feel her warm hand sliding back and forth, while her exploring fingers continued to tease and tickle the nerves on the head of his member. “Gh...Ray…” Rachel pulled her finger back for a moment, but saw something string along her digit. It was warm and sticky, and she watched it seep from its source. This strange fluid dribbled out from the tip of Zack’s cock, with only more trickling out as the throbs continued. ‘It’s Zack’s…’ Ray thought to herself, ‘...it’s semen, isn’t it?...’ Soft moans escaped Zack’s lips as Rachel’s fingers rubbed and pressed against the tip, as if she was toying with this fluid. He watched this clear and viscous fluid bead on her digits. “Hn...w-what’s that?” Despite witnessing different sexual acts during his life on the streets, Zack was still a virgin, physically, and in some cases, mentally . Ray glanced at the fluid on her fingers again, she was just as exposed as Zack was - either by her internal education, or the same sights on the streets, and recalled something about this situation, ‘No...it’s normally white?...More keeps leaking out...maybe the rest hasn’t come out yet.’ In this position, the sights she came across, along with mentally noting Zack’s sensitivity, ideas began to flood into her mind. Ray stared at Zack’s hard and dripping dick, if her fingers were enough to make Zack shudder and moan, then maybe she can try something a little different. “Hey, Ray….didn’t ya’ hear m-...” Zack paused, his eyes widening as the woman inched herself closer to his cock. The woman held the base of Zack’s length, while she slid her tongue out to reach the sensitive head. Slowly and carefully, the tip of her tongue dragged against the underside of the head, and trailed upwards. “O-Oh fuck!” Strength immediately left Zack’s legs, buckling the man underneath his own weight, and toppling him backwards. The only thing that caught him from completely falling back was a nearby tree, he uttered a faint hiss from the bark scratching against his skin, but he was pinned from the sensory overload taking over his body. Rachel’s tongue was so warm and slick as it grazed his nerves, and lapped up the slippery fluid that leaked out from him. ‘I can taste him…’ Ray thought to herself, ‘...he...Zack tastes good…’ Zack’s sample lingered on her tongue, filling her palate with his primal flavor - it was a hot, feral, yet sweet taste. Even though it was a small lick, it was enough to leave Rachel craving for more. “Haah...Ray...h-holy shit…” Zack panted. She was just starting, and the man could see that carnal determination in her eyes. He wasn’t sure if he was ready for this, it felt wonderful, but he never expected to be rendered weak so easily from something as simple as a touch - hell, a lick. Zack’s fingers dug into Rachel’s soaked, golden hair, and tried to pull her back for a moment to let him think. Even debate if she really wanted to do this, doesn’t she even know where she was putting her mouth? This didn’t stop her. Zack’s strength didn’t come back to him just yet, which enabled Rachel to dip her head back down, and continue her actions. This time, she wasn’t going to use just her tongue. Isaac threw his head back, as a hot moan escaped his lips. His hips bucked hard from this new sensation that took hold of his body, while Rachel uttered a hummed grunt. She slid her mouth on him, her lips wrapping around the head, while her tongue cushioned the shaft, as he tried to take in as much as she could. Zack was large, and she wasn’t sure if she could take in all of him, maybe it was something she needed to do more than once to really adjust to this. Still, she was determined to give this new activity a try. Rachel’s hand made sure to keep Zack’s shaft propped into her mouth, while her other hand anchored itself at the man’s hip. Her mouth lightly suckled at the head, feeling Zack’s fingers tighten in her hair, while the man quivered from the pleasure. “Sh-shit...nh…!” Zack can do more, she knows more sounds can be torn out, just from thinking about it, she knows that she needed to move on him. So, she began to bob her head back and forth on Zack’s cock. “H-Haah! R-Ray!” Zack yelped, bucking his hips yet again. Reflex made him lightly tug at Rachel’s hair, as heat began to swell within his core. She’s sucking and slurping on him, Isaac knows this action, mostly from catching the horny victims he's cut down - it's a blowjob, and he can’t believe that Rachel is giving this to him. It feels good, it feels way too damn good to stay quiet about it. Zack was pinned, forced to stay propped against the tree behind him, while Ray slid her mouth back and forth on the man’s throbbing appendage. With every bob of the head, she tested her abilities, trying to take in a little more of him until she sensed a limit. The yanks she felt on her soaked hair stung a little, but at the same time, it encouraged her to slurp on him even more. Isaac’s senses were in a frenzy, and his yanks were proof that he was losing control of himself. “Hhn...mmh...ah…” Zack panted, “fuck...a-ah...oh god…” The woman can taste the abundance of Zack’s flavor filling her mouth, she can feel his throbs squirm inside of her mouth, and revelled in Zack’s raw moans. Not only that, she was starting to feel the man move his hips in reply. It’s just like in the lake, his waist gently rolled to thrust his dick inside of Rachel’s mouth, and allow her to take in just a few inches more. Rachel hummed a pleased moan, with her voice vibrating on the man’s cock. “G-God!” Zack groaned sharply. “mmh...Christ, Ray…” This feels so different, but to Zack, this feels so damn right. His fingers relaxed its grip to slide to the back of Ray’s head, gently pushing her back and forth during her sucks, while his hips continued their gyrations. Just pumping his hips this way gave Zack a sense of satisfaction as Rachel continued to hum and slurp on him. “Hnn...R-Ray...a-ah...god, Ray…” Zack purred in between moans. He couldn’t stop speaking her name, he didn’t want to stop, as it was her and only her that was filling his being with this kind of pleasure. “Ray...f-fuck, Ray…” This allured Rachel, encouraged her to suckle on him fairly harder. Hearing Zack passionately sigh her name told her that Isaac was enjoying every moment of this, that she earned this right to see and hear him in this state of vulnerability. Hard, gentle, quick, and slow, with the occasional pleased hum rattling against Zack’s body as her sucks continued. Rachel was so focused on slurping Zack, she couldn’t eye his reactions, but she can absolutely hear it. His breath shuddered in between pants, loud moans tore themselves out, while Ray’s name continued to slip past his lips. Now, two hands camped at the back of Rachel’s head as the thrusts rolled with her suckles. Zack’s moans grew much hot and heavier, with the man taking long, deep breaths in between moans. He was a mess, it was clear he was trapped in this first time experience of carnal pleasure. His mouth hung open the entire time as primal sounds escaped Zack’s voice, and the man tried to catch his breath, which caused drool to start pooling at the corners of his mouth. During it all, Ray was showing signs of enjoying herself. Suckling on him was a pretty proactive task, even her jaw was giving signals of growing fatigued, but she was so bent on tasting more of Zack’s flavor, and feeling the man tremble underneath her taste buds. Not only that, his moans - god, she loved his raw moans. Just hearing those passionate sounds was making her body react. Her stomach twisted into knots, as heat throbbed and collected between her thighs, along with a sort of dampness. Something began to change though, she felt the pulsing beat of the man’s throbs increase, with the squirms becoming just as lively inside of her mouth. There was also a sort of expansion of girth and heat, like the man was starting to swell a little - was she sucking on him too hard? Isaac could feel Rachel slow down a little for the sake of comfort, but the man roughly pushed her against his dick. “Ngh!...N-No…Faster, Ray!” Zack gasped. “God, please. Suck on it faster!” The man’s hips were moving in a slight erratic manner, as if he was trying to continue his thrusts, but something was straining his body. Even his moans had its share of faint grunts that followed. Something must be happening to Zack, but he just wants Ray to slurp on him faster than before. So, she placed both hands on Zack’s hips, while his hands behind her head helped in the process. Back and forth, her mouth slipped and glided on the throbbing shaft, stroking every inch her mouth could allow with her lips. Zack tilted his head upwards as a longer moan escaped his lips. Despite the erratic pace, he continued to gyrate his pelvis to meet the set speed. He could feel it, something just looming deep within his core, burning him inside with every bit of stimulation exciting his cock. It was building up, more and more with every thrust and suckle, just giving Zack this teasing, tingling sensation that screamed at him to keep it up. It wasn’t just heat Isaac felt that sent his body in a frenzy, but also a tightness within his own skin, as muscles began to tense up in places he didn’t expect. Then, there was this odd pressure and congestion he felt, starting from the base of his spine, to between his legs. Something wanted to come out, this weird sensation flagged this inside his mind, and the pressure was just seconds from releasing whatever was accumulating within him. “Hhn...ah...g-gonna...it’s gonna…” Zack struggled to say. ‘Something wants out...it’s gonna come out…’ The fingers in Rachel’s hair began to coil around her locks again, the man pressed himself hard against the tree, as that hot and teasing sensation was burning more within him. It’s growing, it’s taking control, and Isaac was losing grip from reality. “R-Ray!...Aah!...Ray!” More, Rachel wants to hear more of those desperate moans, as her head continued its greedy bobs. Isaac’s thrusts shifted into sudden bucks, as he felt his body start to tense up and seize against his control, his legs stiffened for a moment until they began to tremble from something taking possession of him. Zack sucked in a sharp gulp of breath, before huffing out hot and demanding moans that gradually grew louder. Something was happening, Isaac was becoming lost, and it’s taking him. “Nnngh!...F-...Fuuuuck!” One more deep inhale, and suddenly a long and passionate moan escaped Zack’s lips. His body pressed hard against the tree he leaned on, while Ray continued her fervid sucks. The man was overcome with so many senses hitting him at once - pleasure, bliss, and relief. His raw vocals were basically screaming it without the need for words. Every moan he made was long and drawn out, signalling this sense of pleased satisfaction within the man’s body. Isaac was experiencing his first orgasm. Ray slowed her sucks to hear such sounds, it was like some sort of addicting song to her. She’s never heard such a sultry sound from Zack before, and she was enjoying every second of it. Her eyes no longer focused at the man’s hips, and trailed up to gaze at his expression. His mouth hung agape, eyes clenched shut, and his expression showing the strongest sense of consensual weakness she’s ever seen. The throbs inside her mouth continued, pulsing wildly, and squirming, as if something was about to escape. Then, she could feel it. Something hot and thick suddenly splashed onto Rachel's tongue. She felt a strong stream of it flood in at first, then another. Ray softly gasped at first from this new taste filling her mouth, but instinct told her not to pull away, but rather, to collect as much as she could. With every hard throb, more flowed out, until Ray felt her mouth couldn’t take any more of this sticky content. The woman pulled her mouth back, as she watched Zack’s cock twitch from a couple more pulses, and trickle out the last flows of this liquid. It was milky white this time, and just as gooey as the clear liquid from before. It seeped out from Zack, and dribbled down the shaft, before a collection of it dripped onto the ground underneath them. His seed was in her mouth, this new flavor sat on her tongue, as she brought her hands up to keep the contents from spilling out - it’s Zack’s...it’s Zack’s pure taste in her mouth. Ray’s cheeks burned crimson, coming to the realization that Zack just came inside her mouth, but, she didn’t dislike it. She was just caught off guard from how strongly the fluid escaped the man, after all, this was the first time Ray experienced someone ejaculate before her, and that first was Zack. This taste that collected in Rachel’s mouth was much different than his previous flavor - it was much hotter. Zack panted heavily, his mind was trapped in a sort of heavenly haze, when his body succumbed to this new sensation of bliss. Never had he ever imagined the human body could feel this good before. It was slowly starting to make sense why people often did these things. The man’s grip on Rachel’s drenched locks loosened, and his arms fell to his sides. His mind was still spinning as it was returning from the clouds, and his muscles trembled after tensing up so hard during his period of orgasm. His back stings, it was enough for Zack to let out an annoyed hiss as his blurred vision tried to focus on his surroundings. Slowly, he was remembering, he lost control of his legs and pinned himself against a tree, and the bark scraped him. All because Rachel slid her tongue along his erect cock. To be rendered so weak so easily, and feel this sensation that Isaac knew he could never grasp mentally - it was one hell of an experience. He doesn’t feel the snugness around his member anymore, he still feels the faint throbs, and tingling of his climax haunting his thighs, but he can still sense Rachel camped between his legs. His bi-colored eyes stared at Ray, and saw her clasping her hands at her mouth, then noticed she was gulping something down - but what? Zack’s vision finally cleared, and he can sees a trail of white in the corner of Ray’s lips, before she used the back of her hand to wipe it off, then greedily lap it up, followed with more of this white and sappy liquid off her digits. Watching her do that was making Zack’s heart race a little, but couldn’t understand why. That is, until he glanced down at his body. He can see it, the last drips of milky white stringing off the tip of his cock and puddled at the splotches pooled on the ground. This strange fluid Rachel was lapping off - possibly swallowed, along with that sense that something was coming out of his body, it was making sense now. This milky liquid was his. Whatever came out ended up in Rachel’s mouth, and she just drank it up. Even now as he’s watching her, he can see this strange carnal enjoyment as she dragged her tongue along her soaked digits. Isaac couldn’t stop watching, his mind was in a stir of how to feel about this, he was shocked, confused, but most of all, very aroused. The man stared a little longer, watching the satisfaction on Rachel’s face, like she was pleased with what she’d done. Instinct was swarming in Zack’s mind, those of a familiar predatory nature. Yet, it wasn’t blood he longed, he wanted to grab this woman before him, force her at his mercy, and then...then...he didn’t know. Fuck it...he’ll figure that shit out when he gets to it - that’s how he always rolled. Ray noticed Zack shuffling to stand up straight, hearing a faint groan, as he forced the strength back into his legs. The scratches he felt on his back no longer seemed to affect him either, he silently stared at the woman with that savage look on his face, like he was ready to attack at any given moment. With no warning, Isaac grasped at Rachel’s wrist, and tugged at her arm. “Zack?” “Up,” he growled. His tone had deepened, almost sounding animalistic as he spoke to her. The gold half of his stare almost glowed at her as he locked onto his prey. Rachel did as Zack commanded, and used her other hand to dust off the dirt that collected at her knees. Zack didn’t want to wait any longer, he wants Rachel right now. Ray felt Zack tug at her arm again, and noticed he was trying to lead her back to their tent, but something forced her to stop. Isaac noticed her resisting him, which caused him to turn around in slight annoyance - Zack was not a patient man. “I don’t think we should leave our clothes behind,” Ray said, “let’s collect them really quick.” Isaac pouted with a huff, sometimes this woman was always too damn right. It was just them in the wilderness together, but there was still the case of animals running off with their clothes, and neither one of them had any spares. Frustrated and horny, Zack grumbled as he walked up to their piles of clothes and bundled them up into a tight ball. With clothes tucked under his arm, and boots in one hand, Zack immediately grabbed Rachel by the wrist again, and lead her towards their camp. With little to no fucks to give, Zack dropped his boots, and chucked their clothes in the corner of their tent. The force was enough to jolt their shelter for a moment. Clearly, this man wasn’t going to wait a second longer. “There, it’s done. Let’s hurry up and fuck now.” Rachel knew Zack was blunt with what was on his mind, but his sudden demand made the woman’s thoughts pause for a moment. After what she just did to him, of course this was going to be the result - even before that, she knew what she was getting herself in to. She wanted Zack’s attention, and to have him notice her as an adult, yet she still had self-doubts about herself. This was going to be her first time - their first time, what if Zack ends up not liking it? What if she wasn’t good enough? “Hey, quit yer’ daydreamin’,” Zack grunted, “thinkin’ about it isn’t gonna make this happen any sooner, ya’ know.” The man nudged Ray to crawl inside the tent, this snapped her out of her cloud of doubt, and felt Zack push her onto the plush bedding they set for their tent. Isaac crawled his body on top of hers, hovering right over her as he stared down at her with that predatory gleam in his eyes. It was almost similar to his killer glare, but Rachel can see this desirous nature glimmering in those heterochromatic orbs. ‘Fuck, I just wanna jump her so fuckin’ bad...but how exactly do I do this? How does it start?’ Zack pondered to himself. ‘Just starin’ at her...Christ, I can’t believe how hot she is...it’s turning me on so much...and...why the fuck am I feeling hungry?’ Rachel could feel Zack’s stare along her body, and how he scanned every detail about her. He sat himself between her legs, as his eyes stared at Ray’s supple bosoms. She wasn’t very voluptuous, but it seemed to add to Rachel’s physical charm. They were still large enough to catch Zack’s attention, still round enough for Zack to feel the temptation to bring a hand up and cup those breasts. Her soft and silky skin, Isaac’s scarred fingers traced along her tender belly, feeling goosebumps rise underneath his touch. Either from arousal, or simply the draft in the air, Ray’s nipples had hardened, which made them another target for Zack’s attention. Zack gazed at those erect buds, even noticing the vulnerable expression on Rachel’s face as slight shudders caused her breath to tremble, like she was nervously anticipating for the man to touch her again. She was right to anticipate, Isaac’s fingers slid upwards from Rachel’s belly, and to her soft mounds. His fingers wasted no time to toy with her supple buds, feeling how firm and malleable it was as his digits rolled back and forth. “Nh...Z-Zack…” Ray whimpered. His fingers continued their touches, pressing, rolling, and even pinching at her nipples. Every interaction was causing that nagging stir between her legs again, making her squirm in an attempt to rub them together. Seeing the weakened expression on Ray’s face caused a smirk to appear on Zack’s face, he breathed out a soft growl, as that sensation of hunger began to take hold of his impulses. The taste of her skin from earlier, and how sweet her flavor was to him - what’s stopping him from staking claim again? Zack lowered his head, and pressed his lips on the space between her breasts. His thumb pressed fairly hard against her right nipple, while the man began to direct his mouth towards the other. “Z-Zack…!” Ray gasped. His hot tongue glided against the erect bud, feeling it graze against his taste buds, while Rachel’s whimpers and gasps hummed in Zack’s ears. She tasted even sweeter to him, and could feel her heartbeat underneath his tongue - it was pulsing at a frantic pace from either anxiety or pure excitement. That was only for Rachel to know, and for Zack to guess. ‘More…’ Isaac retracted his tongue for a moment, staring at the peak soaked with his saliva. He licked his lips to keep her flavor in his mouth a little longer before dipping his head down and swarming her nipple with his entire mouth. Rachel gasped sharply as he felt Zack start to suckle on her breast, while the other hand played with her other nipple. “Mmh…!” Ray groaned, with her arms quickly wrapping around Zack’s head. Zack can feel Rachel’s knees graze against his sides in a weak attempt to rub her legs together, as if the stirring within her loins was driving her crazy. Isaac sat himself up for a moment, the hunger he was feeling for Rachel was only increasing further, as if instincts screamed at him that there was more to Ray he’d yet to discover. The images of Rachel greedily sucking on him, and how amazing it felt on his body. Not only that, the moans she got him to spill out beyond his control - he wants to hear it coming from her. Zack wants more reactions, more sensations, more, more, more… Rachel watched Zack as his eyes began to lower on her body, she could sense his growing intentions, as he quietly moved to give himself some space. Isaac grasped at Rachel’s knees, and began to open the woman’s legs wide. He wants to see her, all of her. Ray’s face burned hot as she could feel the man’s stare being directed at her sex - she feels so exposed, but at the same time, she wants Zack to see her. A hot breath escaped Zack’s lips as he gazed at Rachel’s womanhood, just gazing at it made his cock throb, almost nagging him to bring a hand down to touch at himself. Her body was a lively rose color from being so flushed from arousal, and the more Zack opened her legs, the more he could see that she was damp. Soaked was more like it, she was drenched from excitement during their moment of passionate grinding in the lake, to being turned on by Zack’s raw moans during his blowjob - her body craved Zack. Isaac continued to stare at her sex, and felt that sense of curiosity - if Rachel brought her hands up to feel and find what made him sensitive, then he earned the right to do the same. Zack released his grasp from one of her legs, and guided it to have a feel. Rachel’s heart pounded hard in her chest, but her need for Zack willed her to curve her hips just enough for his fingers to meet halfway. Her body’s lips were hot and soft to the touch, not only that, he can feel how slippery it was from her arousal dripping between her legs. Zack pulled his fingers back for a moment to watch this fluid string against his digits, before bringing his fingers back up and pressed them against her lips to spread them. “Zack…” she mewled. The man’s eyes widened a little, seeing what else was hiding within her body’s lips, velvety petals openly displaying themselves right in front of Zack, enticing him to explore more of this new territory. Saliva welled in Zack’s mouth as he stared at the woman’s soaked folds, his other hand left Rachel’s leg to join in the exploration, while his digits held her open. Using his index and middle finger, he slid it along the soft and slippery folds, and felt the woman writhe under his touch, while she tilted her head back. “Nnh!” ‘More…’ Up and down his fingers went, watching Rachel’s hips squirm against his touch to follow his digits, until he decided to swirl them around her sensitive flesh. Ray sighed out a soft moan, as her hips bucked for a moment, feeling those hot fingers swirl in simple little circles, tickling and teasing her nerves, while she felt heat growing between her loins. Zack pulled back his fingers for a moment to readjust them, and spread her tender lips a little wider. He planted them a little further up, feeling the small tuft of golden curls, while her lips opened up a little more of what she had hiding. Just sitting right above her feminine petals, Zack could see a sweet, little bud lightly pulsing between his digits. ‘Ah...what’s this?’ Zack mused to himself, bringing his fingers up to have a feel. His index finger pressed and rolled against the small pearl, and watched the woman’s hips buck hard against his fingers. “Z-Zack!” Ray moaned loudly. She almost shouted it, which caused her to cover her mouth in embarrassment. Looks like he found that sweet spot that makes her tick, an amused smile creeped upon his face, as he watched her sheepish demeanor. Now, of all times, she’s being shy? “It’s just you n’ me here, Ray…” Zack muttered under his breath, “moan and scream all ya’ want...cuz the only thing here that’s gonna hear us is fuckin’ nature itself…” Rachel hummed a soft whimper as first, until Zack’s fingers rolled against her clit yet again, making her throw her head back against the bedding. Her hips arched slightly, as heat and stimulation continued to grow. Isaac felt his dick throb again, relishing in watching this woman writhe under his touch, his fingers rattled and swirled around her tender bud, and felt the hot throbs with every exploring touch. “Zack!...A-Ah!...Z-Zack!” Ray mewled loudly. Her moans were sending chills down Zack’s spine, but he knows she can be louder, passionate, and helpless - just like she rendered him. ‘More...more...more…’ Isaac pulled his digits back again to readjust himself, he gazed at the collection of Rachel’s arousal on his fingers, occasionally toying with it to watch it string and bead at the very tips. His bi-colored eyes gazed at Rachel’s soaked sex, like with her nipples, just gazing at her pulsing clit was making that hunger grow. Ray licked and sucked on him, not caring a single bit of what she was putting her mouth on - not only that, the look of satisfaction she had on her face as she swallowed him. ‘Lick her, suck her, drink her dry…’ his instincts nagged at him. Zack swallowed hard, downing the excess saliva collecting in his mouth. The man brought his hands back up to part her rosy lips and expose that little pearl resting at her folds. He watched the small drips of arousal bead and drip from the distance of Zack’s fingers, while he locked onto his target. Rachel tried to sit up a little to see what Isaac was up to, she can feel his stare, but couldn’t figure out what exactly he had in store.Until he suddenly dipped his head down. “Isaac!” Zack’s hot and slippery tongue rolled against that sensitive bud, and felt Rachel’s hips buck hard against his mouth. A new flavor coated his palate, while his tongue continued it’s long and discovering lap. The man retracted his tongue, and began to mentally process this new taste filling his mouth. Her nectar was the sweetest thing he’s ever tasted, more so than her tender breasts. ‘Holy shit...god...she’s fuckin’ tasty…’ Entranced by this new and sinful flavor, Isaac dove his head back down between Rachel’s legs, and began to drag his tongue against all of her - her clit, her folds, even teasing near her entrance to lap up every trace of her juices. Rachel’s legs shook hard, her hands immediately dug into Zack’s messy hair, while her voice began to expel more moans. “Haah!...Mmh!...Zack!...” Her thighs were hot, pulsing, tingling, and quivering underneath the man’s mouth, while he leisurely dragged his tongue in every inch he could find. Gliding against her folds, swirling around her clit, even teasing at her outer lips to lick up every trace of her flavor he could find. Satisfied with this sensual flavor intoxicating him, Isaac pressed his mouth firmly against her sex, humming a pleased growl, while his lips began to suckle on her. “O-oh, Zack...ah...Zack!” she continued, her moans growing louder with every hungry slurp. She felt Zack pull back for a moment to let out a hot breath, and heard soft words being growled out. “Mine...it's mine...it's mine…” he grumbled, dragging his tongue against the woman over and over as the words repeated. “Mine…” Rachel and only Rachel belonged to him now, and every hungry slurp was his claim on her body. Zack was here, Zack is making her feel this way, and only Zack has this right to touch her like this. Aside from Zack’s feral words of possession, his actions were just as loud, Rachel can hear his tongue lap against her sex, and hear his lips take part in suckling and slurping against her folds. Her toes curled, and her fingers lightly gripped Zack’s hair, as more hot moans escaped Rachel’s lips. Her voice was beyond her control, Zack’s mouth was hot and savage against her body - so this is what Isaac felt when she sucked on him. This lost sense of bliss, as her partner greedily pleasured her. “Zack!...Nhh!...Ahh...Zack!” she moaned, crying his name out like a prayer, “...Haah…! Don’t stop!” Isaac hummed another hungry growl, and pressed his lips harder against Rachel’s sex, only this time, he focused his hard sucks onto her clit. He wants to feel those throbs under his tongue, have her shudder from every movement of his mouth, and listen to her carnal cries as he sates his savage thirst. As soon as his tongue roughly dragged along Rachel’s pearl, the woman almost shouts out her moan. Her hips thrash against Zack’s mouth, and the control she has over her quivering legs seize just for a moment. “Mmph?!” Her inner thighs squeezed against Zack on reflex, pressing hard against his head until the man had to pull back. “What the fuck, Ray? Ya’ tryin’ to pop me or somethin’?” Zack snarled in annoyance. “H-Haah...nhh…” Rachel panted, feeling her legs finally relax, so she could spread them open again in apology. She shook her head to answer him, while Zack’s hands found their way back to her legs to accept her token. “I didn’t make ya’ gag on my dick...so don’t go tryin’ to squish me...got it?” “Ah...s-sorry...I couldn’t help myself...it...it feels so good, Zack...please don’t stop...please…” Ray pleaded, her thighs begging for more stimulation. Isaac huffed, then brought his thumb up to play with her clit, smirking to feel her writhe from the touch, “...Alright, just cuz ya’ said, please.” To hear her say that he was making her feel this good, it gave him a surge of confidence. She’s loving what he’s doing to her, even if Zack was merely acting on hungered impulses, and perhaps a bit of selfishness. Zack licked his lips, he wasn’t done laying claim to this woman yet. His hands gripped tightly against Rachel’s legs, as if to remind her that she wasn’t going to squish him again - whatever he’s going to do to her, she’ll have no choice but to take it. Zack slid his tongue out again, and delved it between Rachel’s lips. He felt that aroused trembling again, as he guided his tongue upwards to find her sweet button once more. He’s not done suckling and teasing it. Once he felt that familiar buck, he knew he found the throbbing bud, and immediately swarmed Rachel’s womanhood with his mouth. “Mmh…” Zack hummed in enjoyment, savoring her sensual taste, and revelling every second of the woman’s squirms against his mouth. Again, he suckled and slurped her body, and directed his focus back on her clit. “Hnn!...R-Right there!...Z-Zack...ah!...Th-there!” Ray cried, her legs fighting hard against Zack’s grip. “Right there!” Zack hummed against her body yet again, letting his voice vibrate on her sex, just as she did to him, while his tongue lapped up and down her soaked core, before his lips would suckle hard on her stimulated bud yet again. The woman wasn’t quiet for a single second, her breaths became raspy and hitched, beckoning Zack’s name whenever she moaned, and yelping when he licked at her nerves just right. It was like paradise for the both of them, Zack was loving Rachel’s taste and moans, loving to feel her body move and grind against his tongue, and loving how she screamed his name in delight. Rachel was trapped in this savagely hot bliss, at times it feels frustrating, until she felt Zack slurp on her most sensitive areas yet again, making pleasure continue to knot up within herself. She can’t stop moving, can’t stop moaning, she just wants to stay drowning in this hot sensation of pleasure Zack was giving her - and this was just his turn to please her with his mouth. Oh, if this was bliss, she could only wonder what the actual act of sex would be like with Zack. Rachel’s fingers combed vigorously through Zack’s hair, while it gently pressed the man against her body, she doesn’t want him to stop for a second. Isaac continued his licks and suckles, collecting every little drop he lapped up, and greedily swallowed what filled his mouth. ‘Mine...mine...mine…’ the thoughts continued again. Ray seemed to agree in her own way, her hips squirmed against Zack’s mouth until it moved in a gentle rolling motion. Like with Zack’s gentle thrusts, she too craved to motion her waist, just to fulfill that desiring need to rub all this heat and frustration that’s swelling within her loins. Zack was enjoying every second of it, having her grind so fervently against his mouth, and giving him plenty of new spots he’d yet to grace with his attention. Isaac growled out another pleased hum in the back of his throat as he suckled hard on Rachel’s sex and gently juddered his mouth back and forth on her. He couldn’t understand why he felt the need to just rattle his face like that, but it was definitely rewarded. “Haah! Nnh…!” Hearing Rachel’s moans, feeling her quiver, and tasting every drop of her erotic flavor - Isaac was feeling this new sense of thrill, something that no amount of despair-ridden screams could excite him. For once, the sounds of his victims during his kills didn’t satisfy. It’s all Rachel’s sensual moans and mewls ringing in his hears that just beg him to keep her in this euphoric state. “Z-Zack...ah…” she breathed. Isaac felt those goosebumps rise in his skin again, hearing her beckon his name like that aroused him, and made his body throb - he could stop right now and just fuck her on the spot, if he wasn’t enjoying her taste so much. Zack pulled back just for a short moment to gulp down what he slurped, and decided to rile her up just a little further. Instead of just ravenously lapping away at Ray’s stimulated folds, Zack chose to slowly glide his tongue along her this time. Ray’s breath was hitching again, then huffed out a prolonged tremble, as her hips curved along the man’s tongue. It’s as if Zack was tickling every nervous in this slow and torturous pleasure, he could even feel Rachel’s legs quaking in his tight grasp. One lap, then another, getting the same shaky result, until he decided to drag his tongue a little further, and slowly trail his tongue against her clit once more. She’s pulsing so much underneath his tongue. “Aah!...A-ahn!...” “Mmh...you like that?” Zack purred, inching his lips up to give her a firm suck. The buck of Ray’s hips should be answer enough, it feels incredible, even if the man was taking his sweet fucking time with her. Once she felt Zack run his tongue against her sensitive bud yet again, her leg quickly cocked upwards out of reflex. “Z-Zack!” Ray shrieked. “Haah...y-yes!” Her thighs are swarming with heat, every graze of the tongue sends her senses in a frenzy, and during it all, she’s feeling this drive to keep it going - faster, rougher, and relentless. Deep, deep within her core, something’s building, frustratingly little by little with every bit of attention from Zack’s mouth. It’s causing Rachel’s breaths to draw longer, hotter, and huskier. Her hips craved for more, and picked up her gyrations. Isaac noticed Ray’s motions growing more desperate, her moans becoming raspier, and her body jerking against every bit of stimulation he gave to her - having experienced it himself, Rachel must be feeling that sensation of nearness teetering within her body. The slowly building tension, causing her body to catch every bit of stimulation it needed to achieve that state of euphoria Zack once had. It’s not hard to forget how desperate Zack was when he was in that state, he can already recall the words begging Rachel to suck on him faster. “Mhh!...M-More, Zack!...Please!” Isaac pulled back to lick at his lips, he picked up Rachel’s legs and draped them over his shoulders - at this point, he couldn’t give a damn if Ray did squish him, she’s so damn close to feeling that same overwhelming pleasure he once felt. Zack wants to see her become trapped in it. He gripped tightly at one leg to anchor himself at Rachel’s womanhood, while he brought his other hand up to spread her lips again. His tongue swirled around the bud, it’s throbbing much wildly this time, he can taste how aroused this woman was. Rachel’s fingers acted on reflex and lightly yanked a tuft of Zack’s hair as the man relentlessly rolled and dragged against her most sensitive nerves. It’s just like what he did when caught in the moment, the inability to control one’s self when drowning in a sensation never experienced before. This only fueled Zack to continue pleasuring the woman, teasing at that stimulated pearl, and following her hips whenever she bucked with delight. “F-Faster! Haa...Faster, Zack!” She feels close, she doesn’t know exactly what this closeness was, but this demanding frustration screamed that something was going to happen to her if she continued this path. It feels so good, it feels ways too good, that she wants to experience what the end result will be. Ray’s legs couldn’t keep still, one stayed cocked upwards, while the other pressed against Zack’s shoulder, her toes couldn’t decide to extend or curl from the pleasure. As Zack pressed his mouth against Rachel’s folds, he noticed a new change - she’s tasting alot differently now. The man hummed out an approved growl, and juddered his mouth against her yet again. ‘It’s much sweeter...it tastes so good...I want more…’ His lips and tongue refused to stop for even a second, Zack wants every new drop seeping from Rachel, while the woman was losing her grip from reality. “Zack!...I...I’m!” She can’t think, all that’s swirling in her mind is this heat and pleasure knotting between her legs. Her body is shaking, she feels her abdominal muscles tensing up, and this looming sensation deep within herself slowly taking hold of her senses. Ray’s slipping, she can feel herself slipping with every lick. The heat is taking over, the pleasure is taking over. Her vision is hazing into white. “Zack!...” she gasped, only to feel Zack’s tongue graze at her clit again. This made Ray’s hips jerk hard in Zack’s mouth, while she tilted her head back hard into the bedding underneath her, “...I-Isaac!” One more slow drag of the tongue, and Zack could hear Rachel gulp in a deep breath, until a hot and sharp moan escaped her lips. Her fingers gripped tighter onto the man’s hair, her hips arched for Zack’s mouth to claim, and her body seized from this new sense of bliss taking over. It’s all she felt, her eyes were clamped shut, while she was stuck in this pleasurable out-of-body experience - ecstasy, that’s what she’s feeling for the first time, ecstasy at its purest. All Zack can hear from the woman now, were long moans, hearing the aroused gratification in every tone being sung from Rachel’s voice. Her voice is so raw, so primal and sensual, he would love to hear such sounds every fucking night, instead of terrified screams. As the man leaned to give the woman one last suckle, his bi-colored eyes focused on her expression. She’s an absolute wreck, he can see how mentally trapped she was. Even with her eyes closed so tightly, her face is showing the most lively and human emotion he’s ever seen. After her climatic cries have passed, Zack could hear the faint strained grunts in her sighs, as her hips squirmed in his mouth. He can taste it now, that sweetness filling his mouth in abundance this time. Ray’s true flavor. Now he can understand why Rachel was so pleased when she drank him up - this forbidden essence filling his palate and giving him this sense of intoxication that screamed for more. He drove Rachel to this state of euphoria, and this was his reward. Now that Rachel’s senses are gradually coming back, her grip on Zack’s hair loosened, her hips trembled from being so tense, and her body carefully lowered itself back onto the bedding to relax. The woman panted heavily, feeling her head spin from lack of breath, and from such an inescapable high. It was such a hot, sinful, yet wonderful feeling. If such an act with Zack really was sinful, well, then Gray was right to call her a witch - she would rather be such than a prudish saint any day. “H-Haa...Z-Zack…” she panted, “...mh…” Zack pulled himself back to let the woman recover, the last strand of her juices clung to his tongue until the distance eventually broke the primal thread. He’s pleased, satisfied, and quenched from drinking her up. Most of all, he fucking loved what he just did to her - and they’ve yet to full experience the full act of sex. He’s incredibly hard, and craving to take this woman in front of him. Surely, Rachel must be thinking the same. Ray could feel lips pressing against her inner thighs, they weren’t hungry suckles, but butterfly kisses. Isaac is bathing the woman’s body with his lips, starting from where he gave her the most pleasure, before working himself up. Isaac paused for a moment to look at Rachel’s abdomen, and saw that small patch of skin for a scar - a bullet wound. Zack growled to himself, this was the only patch of territory staked by Danny during their escape. The man grit his teeth, the eyeball freak is long dead, and Zack just gave Rachel something Danny will never dare to dream. Danny can’t defend his territory now. “Yer’ mine, Ray…” Zack muttered under his breath, before dragging his tongue against the scar, “...I’m gonna keep ya’ all to myself…n’ no one else is allowed to have you…” Rachel’s cheeks grew slightly red, hearing Zack’s declaration of possession. Her heart fluttered, with what she just did to Zack, and how passionately she cried out the man’s name - hell, even daydreamed fantasies such as this, Isaac was hers too. No one else is allowed to have him. “...Then...prove it to me, Zack…” Those were the magic words. Even all those years ago, Rachel knew exactly what to say to encourage Zack to act. The man crawled over Ray’s body, while he leaned his mouth down to nip and suckle on her neck - he wants her skin marked for all the world to see. Small welts and rakes lined on Ray’s neck and collarbone, while Zack tenderly relieved the stings with the gentle stroke of his tongue. All the while, Zack was proving his claim in one form, his hips met with Rachel’s again, a supposed repeat of what took place in the lake. His hard cock rested on Ray’s damp folds, feeling the full warmth of her heat this time, and excited pulses against his body. It was almost like the couple knew exactly what the other was thinking, and wrapped their arms around each other, while they began to move their bodies in a tender gyration. Rachel trembled, still feeling the lingering aftermath of her previous orgasm being teased back out. “Ah...Zack…” Ray purred. “Ya’ feel fuckin’ good, Ray…” Zack growled in Rachel’s ear, then shuddered as he felt the woman kiss at his neck, “...mhh...keep doin’ that…” Ray responds by trailing her tongue along Zack’s collarbone, while her leg coils around his hips to press him against her. Zack hummed out a soft purr, before sitting himself up upon his knees, and grasping Rachel’s leg to keep her pressed against himself. Ray can see Zack’s member resting so snugly against her, the woman wantonly licked at her lips, and rolled her hips up to coax Zack to continue. Isaac gives her a sly grin, as he complies. The man starts to gently gyrate his hips back and forth to rub his cock a little more against her, giving Ray a good view of what he’s doing to her - of what he will do to her. The gentle grinds is just what their bodies ordered, getting the both of them stimulated and wet with natural lubrication. Ray can feel Zack’s dick throb against her, while she can see the growing need in the man’s eyes. Slowing his hips to a halt, Isaac slid his hand down to grasp at his hard cock, gently stroking it at first to entice the woman further. Ray’s eyes focused on the man, watching his hand slide back and forth on the squirming shaft. Just putting on a show wasn’t Zack’s intention, the hand holding onto Rachel began to pull her more onto his lap, raising her hips up closer to him. “Zack…” she whispers. Instinct is guiding him what to do, his state of confusion starting to blur as he gazed at Rachel’s body. He wants her, Zack wants to cave into all those desires he felt as this all began to escalate. “...I wanna fuck you…” he growls. Those bold words again, just like when Rachel was being guided into the tent. Her hips rested on Zack’s lap, as the man held onto himself for that next step. Ray glanced at Zack, and arched her hips to silently grant him permission. As he said, she was his now, and no one else is allowed to have her - she wants that proof, she wants Isaac to claim her all to himself. Rachel wants to be Zack’s woman. Now that she thinks about it, this situation was like an adult version of their oath. Right now, Rachel is at Zack’s mercy, and here she is, desiring Zack to take something from her. To kill a part of her - her final bits of innocence. Isaac was more than willing to fulfill this sinful oath together. The scarred man followed his instincts this time, after spending so much time pleasuring Rachel with his mouth, he learned more parts of her, with more to be discovered. He kept a firm grasp on Rachel to keep her in position, as he guided the tip of his cock towards her entrance. Just the sudden sensation of heat teasing at her opening made the woman flinch - it’s happening now, he’s going to take her. Isaac quietly motioned his hips to start pushing his dick inside of her, letting his hand keep the shaft aligned as a snug heat began to wrap all around him. “Hn…” he grunted in the back of his throat. She’s encasing him, taking him in, while the woman tilts her head back and lets out a hot sigh. Zack’s entering her, she can feel the insatiable heat slowly pushing forward, brushing her insides, warming her, and squirming so life-like inside of her. Isaac is in her now. ‘He’s...he’s inside me...it’s so much...he’s so big...b-but...he’s…’ her thoughts spun. Rachel knew Zack was large, but her body felt overwhelmed from the length and girth expanding her walls beyond the limit it was accustomed to. It stings a little, but she doesn’t want it to stop, she wants Zack to be completely inside her. ‘F-Fuck...it’s a tight fit...god...I can feel her all around me...she’s shaking so much…’ Her body was trembling, mostly from nerves she never knew to exist being caressed by Zack’s penetration alone, along with the sensational high she felt from her first time becoming connected with Zack. It’s not just her feeling just as wrecked, this was Zack’s first time as well. He’s invading another body, feeling it welcome him in, but at the same time, he wants this moment of penetration to be just as comfortable for him as well. Slowly and carefully, the man’s hips pushed further, until it began to touch with Rachel’s body. He can go no further, he’s fully inside her now. ‘She took me all in...holy shit...I can fit…’ Aside from his strong desires to wildly fuck the woman underneath him, there was still that faint sense of worry about breaking her. She is a woman, but she still appeared delicate to him, and last thing he wanted was to cause her pain after such a rush of pleasure they both gave each other. “Zack…” Ray mewled. “It’s in...I’m in ya’ now…” “Mmh...y-you are…” Ray continued, “...ah...it feels good…” Isaac softly chuckled to her comment, “...I didn’t even start yet…” Even just staying like this, they were both enjoying this moment of shared heat and pleasure, as they felt their consensual throbs pulse against their connected bodies. Just the pleasures they felt with their partner’s mouths was overwhelming and wonderful, but just feeling that spiritual high just from penetration was a strong enough sign that what was going to happen now, would only top that. Rachel pressed a heel at Zack’s hip, as if to quietly tell him to start them off. She wants to feel what he is capable of, what they are capable of experiencing together. Zack smirked to himself as he held onto Ray’s hips firmly, sitting himself straight as he began to repeat the mechanics of his grinds. Back and forth his hips moved, only this time, the sensation they both felt was far greater than just rubbing nerves together. “F-Fuck…” Zack growled. Zack could feel Rachel’s heat causing a pleasurable friction, not only that, her body was responding to every movement. It tightened when he slid back, then relaxed when he pushed himself in, as if Ray’s body knew how to tug and stroke him on reflex. “Aah…” Rachel softly moaned. She can feel the man’s heat dragging in and out of her, from the girth of the head rubbing and expanding her walls, to the squirming throbs of the shaft writhing inside of her. Back and forth she felt it fill her up, rub and tag spots she’s never felt before - the woman huffed out her share of hot moans, while she reached her hands back to grasp at the pillows behind her head. “Aahn...Zack…” she purrs. So, this is what sex was like, it was wonderful, invasive, hot, and sensual. What she felt, Isaac felt. The couple breathed their share of moans as their bodies worked to find that perfect rhythm. As Zack pushed himself inside, inch by inch, Rachel’s hips rolled upwards to meet up with him, allowing the man’s invasion as deep as he can go. As their hips pulled back, Zack can feel that pleasurable squeeze from Rachel’s tight body. They can feel everything that was happening - every throb, every inch, and every movement. Their gyrations were slow at first, but even then, the sensations were just so powerful. “God...haa…” Zack growled under his breath, “...ah...R-Ray…” Back and forth he rolled his hips, feeling his body repeatedly touch Rachel’s every time he pumped himself inside. He’s getting the hang of the movement, but like with the oral pleasure he felt a moment ago, the stimulation required alot more speed. Isaac’s fingers pressed on Ray’s hips, and focused his heterochromatic eyes on the woman before him. He wants to watch her reaction as he began to move his waist at a faster pace. “Zack…” Ray gasped, then squirmed hard. She can feel it, this pleasing friction warming up inside her with a growing intensity. “Aah!” “Nnh...Ray…” Her expression was almost similar to the faces she made when Isaac swarmed her with his mouth, only, he can see a stronger sense of desire on her face - like she craved Zack, his body, and everything he can do to her. Isaac watched how his actions impacted the woman underneath him, how their bodies began to collide a little rougher against each other, and even how this increased movement was causing Ray’s supple breasts to start bouncing to this motion. Ray’s fingers dug hard into the pillows of their tent, the pleasure possessing her made it difficult for her to watch the man repeatedly thrust inside of her. She either tilted her head back, once a spot got tagged, or she would clench her eyes shut, while hot moans escaped her lips. Even Zack couldn’t resist observing what he’s doing to this woman, having her resting on her lap, her legs spread wide open, while he watched his own cock repeatedly glide in and out of her. Those same possessive thoughts swirled in Zack’s head again - Mine. Rachel is his now, and it’s him that’s doing this to her. Isaac huffed out a couple hot moans, feeling Rachel’s inner walls quake and squeeze all around him to continue its natural strokes. He shuddered a couple of times when he felt the head rub inside the woman, just as she tightened around him on euphoric reflex. He’s craving everything about Rachel too, her tightness, her warmth, and most of all, the sounds of desire in Rachel’s voice as she beckoned his name - it’s more than enough to tempt Zack to answer her call in between moans. “Aah...R-Ray…” he growled out. Zack wants more of her, more heat. What better way to increase it, is to give it more friction, so he picked up the pace of his thrusts. “Ray!” Like before, the couple could feel the difference, and they were enjoying every second of it. Isaac’s waist continued its to-and-fro motion, repeatedly dragging his hard cock inside of Rachel, while his hands held her firm against his body. Zack was burning up so much energy just to fuck her at this pace, he can even feel his pool of stamina sapping away with every propulsion of the hips, but the pleasure all around him felt way too good to stop. Their tent was filling up with their growing body heat, enough to make sweat start to collect at their pores - yet, neither one of them wanted this to cool down. No amount of lake water could cool this savage warmth. They craved more. Rachel can feel Zack stirring inside of her, flooding her senses and clouding her thoughts, while her heels pressed against Zack’s hips. Her own movements were just as hot and needy as Zack’s thrusts, quickly finding that next rhythm to push him deeper inside of her, and make him tag every sweet spot they’ve discovered. If the pleasure knotting up and burning within her felt so good during Zack’s relentless suckles, this was a whole new level. He’s getting rougher with each slam of the hips, the speed almost made him lose track of the amount of force he putting into his thrusts. The harsh contact inside of her, almost made Rachel jolt for a moment, but, she strangely likes it. This show of force pushing inside of her is striking more nerves inside that’s sending her body in a frenzy, rewarding Isaac as well with her physical responses. “Mmh! F-Fuck!” Zack growled. “Again…” Ray pleaded, “...h-harder…” Her legs pressed against Zack’s waist to show her demand, and try to coax his thrusts to give her that roughness. “Harder, Zack!” she moaned. Her begging tone again, filled with desire and desperation, almost like she could cease to exist if she and Isaac stopped everything. Zack breathed out a couple hot breaths, his fingers pressed strongly against Rachel’s skin as he motioned his waist to push himself harder inside the woman. “Zack!” she shrieked. “Aaah!” Her body tightened all around him, and shook from a surge of ecstasy shooting through her, just for a split second - this is exactly what her body craves. Even Zack loved this response, her body was stroking him in this hot and snug grip, while her quaking walls pulsed against him to further the pleasure. The man watched the quivering woman underneath him, and greedily licked his lips - if harder she wants, harder she will get. Again and again his hips roughly pushed against Rachel’s, slamming his stimulated member deeper inside the woman, while revelling in her hot moans. “Haah!...Aahh!...Don’t stop!” she cried. “Don’t stop!” This new side of Rachel that Zack as never seen before, it was so fucking alluring, but at the same time, she was still just as demanding as her usual self. Isaac hates being told what to do, he always wanted to do things his own way, and this activity is definitely no exception - however, he’s going to let this slide. Rachel’s body was begging for him to fuck her, he can feel it, even if she continued to scream it. Isaac knew he was not being used, especially with how Rachel stroked and sucked on him the way she did. He allowed Ray’s sensual demands, because he too is sharing the benefit of this pleasure. “God...haah...nnh!” Zack grunts under his breath. He could hear the sounds of their hips crashing together, their lubrications mixing with every stir, and Rachel’s hitched breaths following his own share of moans and grunts. His bi-colored eyes focused on the woman he was waist deep in, he could stare at her lustful expression all day - it’s the most alive he’s ever seen her, even more alive than her preciously “dull” smile. “Gh...god Rachel…” Zack choked out, “...mmh, fuck...ya’ feel so good...ya’ know that?” If Rachel’s heart wasn’t racing already, it would be fluttering from such an erotic compliment. “I’m burnin’ up so much...haah...but I don’t wanna stop…” Zack continued, slowing his pace just a bit to roughly push against her in a couple hard pounds. He doesn’t know why he wants to talk, but something within him felt the need to spill out his thoughts, “...like this heat feels good this time…” “Aah!” Ray gasped, “Z-Zack…” “Nhh...ya’ like when I hit inside you like this?” Zack purred, giving the woman yet another forceful thrust, “haah...yer’ body feels like it wants to take me all in…” Isaac pounded hard inside her again, tagging more of her sensitive nerves, and feeling Rachel roughly buck against him. “Zack!...” Rachel whimpered, “ah...I-Isaac…” The man felt the hairs stand on the back of his neck, he can see the look in her deep blue eyes how badly she wants him, along with a sense of pleading for Zack to continue fucking her. It was like this heat drove them to do this, to just discover this growing carnal tension, and fill the wilderness with their passionate sounds. He wants to fuck her harder, deeper, and with much speed. This position felt amazing, just having her rest against his lap like this, but he wants more room to move - Zack wants to see how much further he can push the both of their limits. His hips slowed to a stop, and heard the woman whimper in protest, she’s not done having sex. “Zack...n-no…” she pleaded. “Calm yer’ tits…” he growls. “No way in hell I’m quittin’ now…” Ray shuddered as she felt Zack’s hard heat sliding out of her, with an abundance of her juices trickling out. His cock was drenched and slippery, twitching from strong throbs coursing the shaft, as if it nagged to continue the stimulation. He knows he’s not done, but he wants to try something different. Zack leaned up to press his lips against Rachel’s, bringing her to a deep kiss as some sort of reminder that he’s not done with her. The woman hummed a pleased sigh as his tongue found hers, she wants to press her heels against Zack’s waist again to continue - or at least, rub against her, but she felt Zack push her legs off him. The man panted heavily as he pulled back for air from their kiss, then picked himself up. He placed his arms at her shoulders, and motioned Rachel to move in the direction he guided her. “Turn around…” “Mh?” “On yer’ belly…” Zack mumbles. The woman was confused, but carefully moved herself on the tent’s bedding. She can still feel the stimulation that was pooled between her legs, and inhaled a sharp gasp from her body pulsating. As soon as she laid herself back down, she felt Zack pick her hips up, and prop her to stay on her knees. Isaac stared at the woman’s folds, she’s dripping wet, almost tempting for him to drink again, but he’s not done staking his claim on Ray. The woman watched Zack shuffle himself to her lifted posterior, as his hand went down to grab at the base of his cock again. Now, she can figure out why he chose to stop, Zack was merely pausing, and wanted a better position for them to have sex. As Zack inched closer to Ray, he noticed her moving to better situate herself in this position, her legs parted a little more, and curved her hips just enough to invite Zack to penetrate her again. “Good girl…” Rachel’s fingers gripped at the bedding underneath her, while she watched Zack from the corner of her eyes. One calloused hand placed itself at Rachel’s lower back, while the other guided Zack’s member into her opening once again. Just like before, the couple shuddered to feel the sensation of connecting - it feels way too good to feel their partners heat meeting with their own in such an invasive, yet welcoming way. Zack has more room to move his hips, not only that, he’s inching further inside her than before. All that rough pounding must’ve made Rachel adjust to the size of his length. As soon as their hips touched again, Zack grasped at the woman’s thighs and roughly pulled her against his body, while his hips moved to push himself for a deep thrust. “Nnh!” Like before, Isaac moves his hips slow to adjust to this new position, before he feels comfortable to gyrate his hips in a swifter motion. This position feels much different now, like he was tagging entirely different spots compared to having sex face-to-face. “F-Faster…” Ray whimpers. She wants that rough and wild pace again, that constant surge of bliss shooting through her when she least expects it, even if it hurt a little. To be honest, she expected this was how Zack would have sex - feral, untamed, and rough. It suits him. She couldn’t picture Isaac as any other kind of lover. Ray felt the man press his torso against her back, hovering his body against hers, planting his hands on the bedding next to Rachel’s, and pumped his waist to-and-fro at a wilder speed. It’s like Zack was tapping into his deepest animal instincts as he fucked her. With how she was behaving as well, it could be the same, like she craves this kind of sexual dominance over her - maybe this heat wasn’t the effect of the weather at all, but perhaps something entirely different. In and out, Zack’s member pounded inside Rachel, his body colliding hard into hers, while Zack began to drag his teeth against the woman’s shoulder. It’s almost like he’s pinned her down against the bedding, as he fucks her senseless, yet Rachel didn’t want to resist. Her moans and gasps fueled Zack to continue thrusting inside her like this. The friction grazed her trembling nerves again, the force of Zack’s thrusts struck her sweet spots, and she could feel other areas of his body tap and tickle against her from the momentum. “Hnn...haa…” Zack panted, almost sounding like a feral snarl. Her moans and mewls aroused Zack greatly, and she felt absolutely wonderful as he slipped in and out inside of her. His member squirmed and thrummed hard inside Rachel’s channel, as her body stroked him in response, and he could feel the head tagging plush spots that gave him his own share of pleasure shooting through him, coaxing the man to just do it again and again. His body is tingling, that familiar sensation he felt when Ray sucked him off, along with the drive that screamed at Zack to go faster. It’s not just Zack feeling this sensation creeping up, Ray was feeling it too, and her reaction was to push her hips back against Zack to have him pound harder. Zack watched the woman writhing and clutching the bedding underneath them, her expression was still just as blissful as ever. If any other person ever dared to show this liveliness in front of Zack, he’d cut them all up to bits - Ray was always different. Yet, it still feels like something’s missing. Her moans were like music to his ears, but if memory served him right, they weren’t tearing out as raw like last time. An image sparked in Zack’s mind, and how he leisurely dragged his tongue against Rachel’s pulsing clit. His hips are already busy pounding into Rachel, but perhaps, he can free a hand to step things up a notch. How would she react? Zack was dying to find out. “Haah...Zack...ah, Zack…!” Ray panted, unaware of what Zack had in mind. She was so lost in the sensation of the man’s length dragging repeatedly inside of her. With one hand leaving their bedding, it journeyed between her legs, until it dipped between her soaked lips. “Haah! Aah!” she yelped, “Z-Zack!” His digits pressed against Rachel’s clit, the sensitive bud throbbed wildly underneath his digits, as he began to judder them about. Ray was shaking much harder this time, her hips bucked against Zack’s touches, while her legs felt like rubber from the pleasure. She’s being fucked hard by Zack, while his digits are riling her body up even more, it’s a sensory overload of heat and stimulation swelling within her thighs. Her voice lost control and tore out those strong moans again. Isaac’s fingers were getting soaked as he continued to play and rattle her bud, while his hips picked up in speed. She’s incredibly tight, snugly stroking the pulsing shaft, as it glided in and out of her. His vision is threatening to blur from the pleasure hazing his thoughts, but he wants to see the result of his actions - her face. Rachel’s mouth was agape to let her loud moans and pants escape, her cheeks are flushed, tears welled in the corner of her eyes from her senses not knowing what to do, but her expression still showed a strong desire to it. It’s an expression that actually showed life in Ray, both life and pure delight - something that always got Zack’s instincts in a frenzy. This is exactly what he was looking for - just like waiting on Rachel’s perfected smile. The man’s teeth began to grit as he was feeling his killer instincts rise. Only, there seemed to be a strange twist, Isaac’s killer instincts seem more than satisfied with what’s happening right now. She’s writhing and at his mercy right underneath him, only to fill his ears with louder cries of pleasure that kept his killer adrenaline pumping. Zack was killing her with pleasure instead of a blade. They’re both throbbing wildly, beaded in sweat, and burning from internal heat filling them up. That sensation they both felt, that lingering collection of pleasure knotting up within their cores continued to build. They’re both horny and frustrated, while desiring to reach that overwhelming high. Zack’s breaths growled out his moans, but a share of hitched grunts began to escape as well, and as for Rachel, she mewled and whimpered under the combination of Zack’s feral thrusts and caresses. “Haah...Zack...y-you’re…” she gasped. She can feel him, just like when she sucked on Zack, that swelling that began to expand and push against her trembling walls, making him feel much thicker inside of her with each thrust. He’s squirming so much as well, even with his dick sliding in and out of her, she can feel the hot throbs pulsing so deeply inside. The woman shook as she slid a hand underneath herself, finding its way between her legs and gently touching at Zack’s fingers. Isaac glanced at Ray, and saw that gleam in her eyes, signalling Zack to go faster - she was going to take care of the rest. Enthralled by this, Zack retreated his digits, and lapped up what collected on his skin. He can taste that familiar sweetness again, what he slurped just as Rachel was heading in the clouds. Isaac lowered his torso against Rachel’s back again, then brought his freed hand back to grasp at the bedding tightly to anchor himself. Within seconds, Zack propelled his waist as fast as he could go. “Nhh!...R-Ray!” he growled, “F-Fuck...Ray…!” Rachel’s fingers went straight to work with what Zack had done to her prior, she rolled her fingers back and forth on her clit, even rolled them about in hot circles, while she felt the man push himself harder and harder inside her. His body is pressed so firmly against her, while his hips continued to crash into hers at such a savage pace. Ray gulped hard in a need to fight back saliva pooling at the corners of her lips, she couldn’t help herself, there was no way in hell she could keep her mouth shut - her voice wanted out. “Zack...mmh!” Ray gasped, feeling her legs tremble hard, like she wanted to collapse. “Zack!” She can feel Zack’s body preparing itself for that eventual end, he’s become much stiffer inside of her, his body is burning hot, and the throbs only grew wilder against her tightening walls. Not only that, Zack’s thrusts were slamming harder, as if he was trying to go as deep as he can before reaching that peak. There was a slight stiffness to his motions as well, instead of stirring himself inside of Ray, his hips feel limited to swaying back and forth during its quickening speed. Grunts were escaping Zack’s throat, as he felt that familiar tension within his body. ‘I-it’s happening again...it’s gonna come out…’ Now Zack is exactly aware of what’s going to escape him, that sticky, white fluid that Rachel lapped up earlier, it’s going to spill out as soon as he achieves that pleasure again. It’s not just tension Zack can feel all around his body, he can feel Rachel too, even she is starting to cave from her climax just lurking ever so closely. Her fingers are having trouble keeping up in stimulating herself, her channel has become slippery and hot with every hard thrust inside of her, and she felt her body threatening to seize just like before. Isaac notices Rachel is shaking, she’s shaking hard all around him, as her sex got tighter in the midst of Zack’s thrusts. Her breaths are almost frantic and raspy, she’s feeling the heat starting to take hold, with the friction of intercourse only sparking the stimulation even more. In desperation, the woman pushed her hips against Zack’s fervently, sensing him tag those sweet spots yet again. “Z...Z...ack!” she moaned. Isaac can hear it now, that powerful moan filling their humid tent, and announcing to the world that Zack had just pushed her to that heavenly state of bliss. This climatic moan sounded so much different though, he can hear the passion in her voice, the desire Rachel has for him, and that only he is making her feel this way. She’s trapped in this pleasure, this carnal love for Zack. He can feel her too, this moment of connection has Zack share Rachel’s pleasures, and he’s getting close to becoming just as lost as she was. The tight heat and trembling all around his body feels so good, encouraging the man to continue thrusting his hard cock inside of her. This seemingly prolonged the sensation of pleasure for the woman for just a few seconds more, while he is just a few seconds closer to reaching his own climax. “Nhh...R-Ray...haa...Ray…!” A few more thrusts is all he needs, he’s so close to feeling that pleasure, that relief from the building pressure within his own body. Just a few...more...pushes… Isaac’s body was shaking, hard grunts were choking in the back of his throat, while he felt a faint trail of drool escape the corner of his mouth. His cock his throbbing hard, and the pressure he’s feeling at the base of his spine is just a hair-trigger away from releasing everything. One more hard push inside of the woman, and suddenly he felt the world around him fade into white. The man took a sharp gulp of breath before a long and hot moan escaped Zack’s lips - so hot, that his breath was almost visible. His hips froze for a moment, as the tingling pleasure of his climax surged all through him, before quickly going back to swaying to-and-fro to continue his final thrusts. Rachel is slowly coming back down from her moment of sexual high, her thighs are still ghosting that pleasure within her as Zack continued his repeated penetration. Her fingers finally had control again, as they gently teased a little bit more of the sensation with the gentle rattles against her clit. She panted heavily, but was enjoying every moment of experiencing Zack’s side of his orgasm - like him, she too can feel it. His throbs are pulsing hard, squirming and pushing inside of her sex, as his thrusts rolled deeply inside of her. She can feel Zack nudging against her plush spots again with constant strong pushes, like he needs to tag it. Rachel can also feel Zack’s hot breath against her neck, as his body is pinned against hers. Then, there’s his voice, so feral but vulnerable at the same time, and even she can pinpoint a difference in tone. Content, there’s content in his voice, like he was glad that it’s Rachel he did this with, and glad it’s Rachel that made him feel this experience. ‘Zack...he’s…’ Before she could think of anymore of Zack’s pleasure, there came the other part of Zack’s orgasm, following behind his moans. “A-Ah!” Something hot began to spill inside of her. Rachel shuddered at first, sucking in a gasp, as the sudden surge of warmth began to splash inside of her walls again and again - like something was flowing inside of her. It’s a strange sensation, like having Zack’s invasive heat fill her up, but this is something far different, it just keeps filling her up with every hard squirm of Zack’s member pressing and rubbing inside of her. She’s feeling full and warm inside, and she doesn’t know what to think. It’s so foreign inside her, but at the same time, she feels…a strange satisfaction. It’s Zack’s, she knows it, and remembers when it flowed into her mouth. Isaac just came inside of her, primally marking her as his. Panting heavily, Ray’s legs couldn’t hold her hips up any longer, and slowly collapses onto the bedding, sliding Zack’s twitching cock out of her. Yet, he wasn’t entirely finished. One more squirm, and a final leak of Zack’s seed poured from his member, and dripped onto Ray’s lower back. Leaving the man to rest against the woman, while his body pushed out the last remnants with lingering throbs. They were both exhausted and spent, needing just a moment to recover. Both Zack and Ray struggled to catch their breaths, more or less, figure out if they were still in the real world. Rachel’s womanhood lightly twitched from the last throbs pulsing through her body, while also dealing with this new foreign thing inside of her. Zack on the other hand, hummed out a grunt in the back of his throat as he tried to pick himself up, his stomach muscles feel sore, especially after tensing up so hard during his climax. Like Ray, he too can feel the ghosting pleasure linger between his legs. “Ch-Christ…” Zack huffed out, “...Ah, God…” For once, he actually feels fucking exhausted. This was a first for Zack to actually spend his unnatural pool of stamina to its limit. He squirmed against Rachel a little, as he tried to sit up, his head is spinning so much - way more than the climax he had endured from oral. The man could hear whimpers mixing with pants coming from Rachel, “...Haah...w-what’s up, Ray?” Zack managed to pick himself up, and motioned himself to hover above Ray, he brought a hand up to tilt her head to him - he wants to kiss her. The woman trembled, and eagerly accepted his kiss, with the couple turning it passionate in a heartbeat. Sweet moans escaped, as the two invaded each other’s mouths, and savored their pleasing taste. Ray reluctantly had to break for air, feeling a string of saliva bridge off her tongue with Zack’s. “...I-it’s inside me…” Ray whispered. “Huuh?...What’s inside?” The woman whimpered again, keeping the lust-filled blush on her face, “...You are, Zack…” Isaac raised a brow. At first, he thought that she was assuming that they were still connected. The man sat up to see his spent member had softened to its natural, relaxed state, now that he was completely satisfied. However, he could spot evidence of what Ray is trying to imply. The woman slowly picked her hips up a little, as her legs trembled. Zack could see the small collection of that familiar white goo on Rachel’s lower back, but as the woman lifted herself up, he noticed what she was trying to show him. The reason why she was whimpering, was mostly from the new sensation of being filled up, but also, because Isaac’s seed was starting to leak out of her. He can see it forming at her opening, before trickling out, and dripping between her legs. This is what she meant by having Zack inside of her - even though they’re no longer connected, he still spilled a part of himself in the woman. That sappy fluid Ray so leisurely lapped up. It’s him that’s inside her, it’s all him, and it’s being displayed just who laid claim to Rachel. Hell, the whole world knows now. ‘She seems so fuckin’ pleased with havin’ it in her...sh-shit...just staring at me drippin’ out of her is pretty hot…’ Zack wants to watch a bit more, bringing his hands up to spread her legs open a little wider. “A-Ah...w-wait...Zack...it’s gonna spill out…” He doesn’t care, he wants to watch. One hand held one of her lips apart, while the other began to slide a thumb inside of her. Ray softly gasped to sense that small intrusion, then whimpered again, as she felt Zack use his thumb to open her up a little more. “God, I really did fill ya’ up, huh?” Zack muttered in aroused amusement. “More just keeps pourin’ out…” “Mmh...Z-Zack…” Ray whispered, bringing a hand up between her legs to try and stop him. Most of all, she was trying to catch what trickled out, “Aah...we’re gonna get the bed dirty if you keep it up…” Isaac glanced at Rachel, watching his claim on her body was arousing to watch, but she had a point - it’s still a hot and sticky mess to deal with. Zack retracted his hands, and picked himself up to scoop Rachel in his arms. The woman could feel it shift inside of her, as Zack held her close in his arms. “C’mon...we’re both a mess...let’s go wash up…” “Are we going to swim in the lake again?” Ray asked. “Nah, just a small dip…” Zack softly chuckled, “...I mean...if we did go swimmin’ in it again, pretty sure we’re gonna be doing this all over again. That is, unless you’re down for a Round 2.” Rachel’s cheeks burned a little, the possibility of having sex again was now highly probable. They both enjoyed it, however, she too was tired and low on stamina. Even if she was as sexually excited as can be, she wouldn’t be able to keep up with Zack’s wild nature. “Of course...but not now...we’re both worn out,” Ray giggled under her breath, “any other time, absolutely...I’d love to do it again…” “I’ll hold you to that, Ray.” Isaac carried Rachel out of their tent, and quietly headed down towards the lake’s shoreline. Thank god their cries of passion didn’t attract any attention, last thing they both wanted were voyeurs. For some reason, the weather around them didn’t feel as miserably muggy as it was before. In fact, it felt nice and cool. Could it have been their tent with their growing body warmth that made it so, or perhaps they got the heat out of their systems? The thought amused Zack a little, maybe that was it, they were both hot and miserable because of a different kind of heat - the idea of using the lake to cool down was the catalyst to put it all together. Would make sense with Ray just stripping down into the nude, like she did. Well, it was time for the lake to wash off what it started. Zack waded through the water, just enough to lower himself down, and sit in waist-deep water. He kept the woman closely against him, as they both began to rinse the sweat off their bodies - not to mention, Zack’s scrapes from earlier. There was still Rachel’s other problem, Isaac leaned her back a little against his body, while he slid his fingers down to her womanhood. “Zack…” “Just relax...gonna clean ya’ out…” Zack muttered, before delving his fingers inside of Ray. Rachel’s hips arched a little, sensing Zack’s fingers move inside of her, then crook at an angle. Zack sensed her trembling to his touch, she must still be sensitive. He smirked, deciding to make a simple task a little more pleasing for the both of them - just that small taste of it again before they both call it a night. Isaac pressed his lips against Rachel’s temple, letting one hand grasp at her breast, while his fingers continued to thrust inside of her. He’s scooping out the last traces of his seed from inside of Ray, while pleasuring her in return. “Haa...mmh!” It may not be the same as having Zack’s member inside of her, but it still felt just as good, she can feel Zack’s middle and ring fingers push deep inside of her, making up the lack of girth with having plenty of length to tag at her sweet spots. Ray’s hips shook, and gently rolled with Zack’s touches. He can hear her soft moans again, instead of it being filled with a hot lust, her moans had loving sighs to them. Ray is loving this, loving Zack, and is feeling completely relaxed with what he’s doing to her - maybe she really can picture Zack as a different kind of lover. Ray brought an arm back to wrap it around Zack’s neck, as she tilted her head to meet his lips. Isaac happily responded to her silent request, by locking lips with the woman, and allowing her to take the lead in deepening it. He can taste her sweet moans as his fingers continued delving inside of her, letting her ride out that final act of pleasure as they bathed. He can no longer feel that warmth pooled up inside of her, meaning that he must’ve finished cleaning out the last traces lingering within. Satisfied with that, the man decided to quicken the pace to rile the woman up further and help her reach her climax. “Zack...ha…!” Ray gasped, pressing her back hard against Zack’s chest. Her hips arching against his touch, and allowed him to do as he pleased. The woman panted heavily as Zack’s fingers rubbed and stirred inside of her, then felt her legs begin to shake as she felt that hot sensation collecting within her thighs again. She really must be sensitive, she’s feeling that peak much sooner than last time - either that, or Isaac was really doing something right with his digits. Ray’s body was starting to tense up, the stimulation swelled within her loins, and her hips bucked much more frequently. She’s getting closer, holding onto Zack as best she could, until she felt that ecstasy take hold of her one more time. Rachel rested her head against Zack’s shoulder, while her voice tore out her enraptured breaths. Her hips jerked hard against Zack’s fingers, before finally surrendering to the pleasure Zack gave to her. Pleased with this, Zack slowly removed his digits from inside her to tease at her malleable pearl one last time, just to help keep the woman in this state of bliss as long as she could. Isaac pressed his lips against Rachel’s temple again, feeling her quake from his actions, looks like it was doing the trick. He listened to her sharp gasps and mewls, while her hips pressed against his digits. Eventually, her body had to relax, and tiredly sat herself back down on Zack’s lap. The man pulled his hand back to let Rachel recover, while his lips continued to kiss at her temple, cheek, and the nape of her neck. Clearly, this woman has become an addiction to him - then again, she always has in some way, but now, it was more of an addiction between adults. “Z-Zack…” Ray sighed, “...hn...I think I’m ready to get out now…” Isaac quietly chuckled, “Yeah, me too...let’s go to bed, Ray…” The man scooped Rachel up to carry her back to their tent. He drug his feet against a small towel they used as a makeshift rug, last thing they wanted was to track dirt inside as they slept. He lowered Ray onto the bedding, with him huddling right next to her. Sleeping right at her side, and in the nude, it was a very intimate and secure atmosphere between them. It was that tender display that they were comfortable with each other’s bodies, and allowed one another to be at their most vulnerable in their presence. Rachel squirmed to turn herself around to face Zack, and gently tangled their legs together. Her head rested against the man’s chest, as she listened to the man’s heartbeat - it was soft and gentle, despite how much its racing. Isaac grabbed their blanket, then draped it over their bodies, before letting his fingers find her hair. “Whatever happens between us, will happen, huh?” Zack softly repeated her words. Rachel faintly blushed with a shy smile, “Yeah...I don’t regret it though, not at all. I’m happy it was with you, Zack.” “I’m not regrettin’ it either...it was fuckin’ amazing, Ray…” Zack replied, his tone nearly a whisper, “...and ya’ got yer’ wish...you’re definitely not a brat to me anymore…” Rachel wanted Zack to see her more as a woman now, and he did - his woman, just as Ray always saw Zack for who he is - a person, but most of all, a man. They’ll have the heat to internally thank for that. Ray softly giggled, before snuggling against the man. Perhaps camping out just a little longer wouldn't be such a bad idea. “If it’s hot again tomorrow, perhaps we can do this again…” “What, take a dip in the lake or get straight to the fuckin’?” “We’ll see where it goes,” Rachel replied in amusement. “Tch...I take back what I said, yer’ still a brat,” Zack teased, then pressed his lips on her forehead. What may occur tomorrow, or any other day from now on, he felt this sense of excitement of the possibilities. “Whatever happens - happens, like ya’ said.” “Yeah.” After all, it’s just the two of them alone in the wilderness together, with no one around to hear them but nature itself, and its strong summer heat.



Afterword


End Notes
Th-That's it...that's one of my sins, I have more on my other Tumblr, kv-r18-fics.I'll be posting chapter 1 of my overhaul very soon, perhaps more sin down the road (cuz why not?).I hope you guys liked it....or thought it was okay , or something  (/ω＼)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



