



Lay It On Me - Layneee - The 100 TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Lay It On Me
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/18664945.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
The 100 (TV)
Relationship:
Bellamy Blake/Clarke Griffin
Character:
Bellamy Blake, Clarke Griffin, John Murphy (The 100), Harper McIntyre, Nathan Miller, Bryan (The 100), Monty Green, Jasper Jordan, Octavia Blake
Additional Tags:
Hurt/Comfort, Running away from your problems, Actor Clarke Griffin, Bartender Bellamy Blake, Chef John Murphy, Blackmail, Savior Kink, Bar Owner Bellamy Blake, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Clarke whump, Past Drug Addiction
Stats:

        Published: 2019-05-01
          Completed: 2020-08-24
          Chapters: 19/19
        Words: 48028
      

Lay It On Me
by Layneee
Summary
Bellamy Blake owns a bar and is perfectly content with his life of women and booze. His life is pretty quiet (not that he’s complaining) until one day a woman with fiery red hair stumbles into his bar in the middle of the day. But not just any woman, Clarke Fucking Griffin the star of his favorite guilty pleasure; a soap opera called Diagnosis Desire. What Bellamy doesn’t know is that Clarke is harboring a secret. Something that she has been carrying around for nearly a decade, and is big enough to destroy everything she’s worked for. Or the one where Clarke is the soap opera star, but they’re the ones living in one.
Notes
Happy Season Premiere Day! (No spoilers!) So I've started a new story, and wanted to give everyone a little preview!  Special thanks to buckthegrump for kicking my ass into gear when I needed it! :) And you should go read her shit. It's not really shit, I promise ;)




Chapter 1



          Let me in            Everything starts at your skin, so new            Your love's always finding me out            Who am I kidding?            If all my defenses come down, oh baby            Will you lay it all on me now?            Lay it all on me now
            Lay It On Me - Vance Joy  
From the outside, Walden Station is your run of the mill dive. It has a brick exterior and frosted windows. The front door sticks and you need to give it a good kick before it opens. But once inside, it’s far from run of the mill. The bar is made of thick, sturdy mahogany, and decorated in swirls and vines. There is a jukebox in the corner, next to a small stage where local artists perform every Sunday. The liquor selection is top-notch, with half a dozen craft cocktails on the menu. Not to mention the food, that's is prepared with all the love of a five-star restaurant with a one-star price.It has a loyal batch of regulars whose names are literally carved into their favorite seats, and they treated Walden Station like a second home. It has seen proposals and heartbreak, meet-cutes and one-night-stands.Most of which was had by Walden Station’s handsome owner, Bellamy Blake.Many of his friends liked to make fun of his habit of picking up women at his own bar but Bellamy just laughed and called them jealous. His sister Octavia was the worst, though, and liked to remind him that he would never find  the one  that way.Bellamy didn’t mind. He wasn’t looking for  the one . He was too busy running a successful business. And in his spare time, he indulged in his guilty pleasure.Nobody knew about it. He made sure of that. If anyone  did  find out, he would literally never hear the end of it.Because Bellamy loved soap operas. Well, one in particular.Diagnosis Desire. The best medical soap on basic cable. The thrilling tale of Arkadia Medical Hospital and Dr. Juliet Hume. The fictional love of Bellamy’s life.And if he picked up blondes more often than not then that’s just a coincidence.Normally he watched new episodes at the bar while he did inventory. Because nobody else was around, and he could indulge in a beer while he watched the drama unfold.Sometimes, unfortunately, that wasn’t possible. Some days Murphy, his chef, had to do inventory as well. Bellamy always hated those days.And today was one of those days.Bellamy arrived first and went right to the jukebox. If he didn’t, Murphy would put on something terrible, and Bellamy wouldn’t survive another day of Nickleback. Instead, he put on Iron & Wine and was already singing along to “ Resurrection Fern ” when Murphy kicked the front door open.He rolled his eyes. “You and your sad-boy music, Blake.”Bellamy just ignored him. Sometimes that was what was best when it came to Murphy.Murphy drifted back to the kitchen, where he would spend the day testing out different recipes and making an order for the upcoming week, and Bellamy stayed behind the bar.The two worked on their tasks with only the music between them.Bellamy looked at the clock over the bar and sighed. He was missing his show.There was a shift in the air, and Bellamy looked out the glass to see fat drops of water start to fall just before a flash of lightning lit up the room.Then three things happened at once; the power cut off, a loud clap of thunder reverberated through his chest, and the door was thrown open.Bellamy’s eyes were on the woman who stepped into his bar, but out of the corner of his eye, he saw Murphy wander out of the kitchen. There was another flash and Bellamy got a good look at her face.He couldn’t believe his eyes.She looked different. His normally blonde hair was dyed a shocking red, and she was hiding under an oversized black hoodie, but it was her.Clarke fucking Griffin was standing in his bar.Holy shit.yO u   Don   ’T  deS e rVE  t  O  L  i   V  EClarke looked down at the serial killer style letter in her hands. They were shaking so much she almost couldn’t make out the message.Except she could, because this wasn’t the first threat she’d received.What was worst were the gifts that accompanied the message: a glass bird figurine that had been sitting on her bedside table when she left home a week ago, and a framed picture of her, Kane, and Echo that normally sat on his desk.He found out where she lived. He knew where Kane lived. All of a sudden nothing felt safe. If he had been inside her home, then what else did he know? Did he know where she was right now?She needed to get away. Somewhere he couldn’t find her.So she fled without packing a bag or leaving a note. The only thing she had the sense to grab was a bundle of cash. There was no way she was going to leave a credit trail.The less he had to track her with the better.She hopped in a cab and told him to just drive, as far as he was willing to go. The man gave her an odd look but shrugged and drove onto the freeway. Forty-five minutes later she was a town over and leaving the cabbie with an extra large tip. She scanned the street and saw a drugstore.Perfect.She pulled Kane’s sweatshirt tight around her waist and ran there. She kept her head down as she made the way to the hair dyes. Clarke knew she wasn’t A-list or anything, but she still couldn’t risk being recognized. She grabbed a box at random and paid for it quickly before hiding herself away in the store bathroom.The color was called Power Red. It could have been worst.Another forty-five minutes, and a handful of annoying knocks later, Clarke left the bathroom feeling sufficiently incognito. The clerk glared as she left the store, but she ignored him. Once outside, she just started walking. She didn’t pay attention to the street signs, or the businesses around her. She was looking to get lost, after all.Clarke did notice when the sky darkened to an alarming degree. She looked up and didn’t like the sight of the dark clouds.In the next moment, she felt the first drop. And then the skies opened up.Clarke pulled the hood over her head and reached for the first door she saw. It stuck, so Clarke gave it a swift kick, and it flew open.It was a bar.She breathed a sigh of relief.Then she saw the other two men in the room.Bellamy wanted to pinch himself.Then Murphy had to open his goddamn mouth. “Hell of an entrance,” he said while lazily clapping. “But we don’t open until five.”Clarke Griffin(!) deflated. “Oh. Sorry,” she said. “I was hoping to just wait out the rain.”Bellamy watched as Murphy opened his mouth again, no doubt about to politely tell her to leave, and Bellamy couldn’t have that.“That’s fine,” he told her. He ignored the odd look Murphy sent him and rushed around the bar to pull out a chair. “Have a seat. Do you want a coffee?”Clarke sent him a smile, tired but just as beautiful as on the show, and walked into the room after closing the front door.Bellamy ran  back  behind the bar and pulled down a mug. The coffee was still thankfully warm so he poured some into her cup. “There you go.”“Thank you…” Clarke trailed off, clearly searching for something.“Bellamy,” he offered.“Thank you, Bellamy.” Clarke smiled at him again as she lifted the mug to her lips.Oh, Bellamy was in trouble.Then Murphy was beside him. “I need to talk to you, Blake.”A surprisingly strong hand wrapped around his arm and pulled him into the kitchen. “Dude, what the hell?” Bellamy asked.“Right back atcha, buddy,” Murphy replied. “You’re acting like some kind of blubbering idiot. I’d expect that from Jasper, but not you.”Bellamy wanted to explain himself but that would mean exposing himself too. He realized there was no way around it, unfortunately. He sighed. “You can’t tell anyone what I’m about to tell you, Murphy.”“Cross my heart,” Murphy said unenthusiastically.“I swear I will fire you if you do,” Bellamy warned.Again, Murphy seemed unimpressed. “Nice try. You would be lost without me. But sure, you threaten me all you want.”“I recognize her. That’s Clarke Griffin. She’s in a show I watch,” Bellamy explained. Murphy rolled his hands in the universal gesture for ‘keep talking, idiot’ and Bellamy sighed. “She’s in Diagnosis Desire.”That got Murphy’s attention. His eyebrows lifted and his mouth tilted into a smirk. “Wait. Let me get this straight. Bellamy ‘only have one night stands ladies man bad boy’ Blake watches soap operas?”“I told you I would fire you, Murphy, don’t forget it,” Bellamy threatened again, but he knew it was mostly an empty one.Murphy leaned back against the counter and crossed his arms over his chest. He was still smirking. “So who is she? Some tv crush?” Bellamy didn’t say anything, which was answer enough for Murphy. “This is hilarious.”“Shut up, Murphy,” Bellamy snapped. “Just… be cool.” He turned to head back to the bar. Murphy mumbled something behind him, but Bellamy didn’t care enough to listen. Back in the bar, Clarke was still sitting at his bar. She was looking at a piece of paper, but when she heard Bellamy she stuffed it into her pocket.The lights turned back on and he took her in in the light. It was obvious that she was trying to hide; why or from who was beyond him. He realized he couldn’t let himself fanboy too much, or at all unless he wanted to scare her off.Because, as Octavia always said, he was a protector by nature, and it looked like she really needed some right about now. As he got closer he realized her mug was nearly empty, so he went about filling it up for her. “So, what’s your name?” He asked.“Cl…” Clarke hesitated slightly, then coughed, before continuing. “Claire.”Bellamy made sure his smile was reassuring when he held out his hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Claire. We’re just doing some inventory today, so feel free to hang out until the rain clears.”“You really are a lifesaver, Bellamy.” Clarke took another sip of coffee and seemed to relax in her chair.Bellamy was glad. He could practically feel Murphy roll his eyes.Clarke couldn’t believe her luck.Of all the places she could have hidden out, she ended up in some cozy bar with a good looking barkeep. And he seemed like a decent guy too. Most people, including the intense guy from the kitchen, would have kicked her out, but not Bellamy. She just hoped he let her stick around until she came up with some kind of plan.She obviously couldn’t stay in this bar forever. Eventually, she would need to get a motel or something. Only then would she let herself think about her crazy and violent stalker.Bellamy mostly left her to her own devices while he went about his work. The jukebox was playing some moody and relaxing. It wasn’t something she had heard before, but she liked it. Bellamy kept singing under his breath and it was very endearing.Clarke had to shake her head.There was literally no good that could come from getting attached. She was going to have to hit the road sooner rather than later.It continued to rain cats and dogs all afternoon. At some point, the kitchen guy snuck out and changed the music to something loud and dance-y. The change was so sudden it made Bellamy jump and drop the lemons in his hand. Clarke found herself giggling, even as he yelled, “Goddammit, Murphy! Fuck you!”Around four the door opened and a pretty young woman with dirty blonde hair entered the bar. She had a couple of braids keeping the hair off of her face, and she was dripping water onto the floor. “It’s fucking wet out there,” she said as she crossed the bar and disappeared into a door with a ‘Staff Only!’ sign. She re-appeared a minute later without her bag and jacket. She was tying a black apron around her waist when her eyes landed on Clarke. “Well, hello.”“Harper, this is Claire,” Bellamy introduced her. “She got stuck in the rain, and is hanging around until it dries up out there.”Harper turned and shared a look with Murphy that Clarke couldn’t read. She watched as Murphy shrugged, which Harper seemed to take as some kind of answer. She seemed to drop the subject and went about putting chairs down and wiping tables. The music changed to something particularly obnoxious, and Harper practically ran to the jukebox to change it.“Thank you!” Bellamy shouted from the bar.“Delete that shit, Bellamy,” Harper shouted back. “We literally all hate it.”“I don’t!” Murphy called from the kitchen.“Shut up, Murphy!” Both Harper and Bellamy yelled.Clarke just sipped her coffee as she watched the coworker bicker.At five Harper turned on the neon ‘OPEN’ sign, and not five minutes later a couple of guys wandered in. One was tall and lanky with curly black hair and the other was an Asian guy with one of those high fade haircuts. They were laughing as they ambled to the bar, arguing about an episode of LOST.Bellamy heard them and rolled his eyes. “Guys, that show ended ten years ago. You cannot still be upset about it.”“True fans are always upset!” the Asian guy explained with a laugh as he plopped himself into the seat beside Clarke. He turned to her and held out a hand. “Monty Green. And you’re new.” His friend sat down on her other side. “And that’s Jasper Jordan.”“Pleased, I’m sure,” Jasper said with a horrible exaggerated accent.Before Clarke could speak, Bellamy slammed down two pints in front of the other men. “Leave her alone, you vultures.”Jasper scoffed. “That’s hilarious, coming from you,” he said.“Yeah, the guy who swoops in and picks up every girl in here,” Monty added.“Like a vulture!” Jasper yelled as if there needed to be any clarification.Again, Clarke couldn’t help but giggle. Which was surprising considering the dire circumstances she was still in.Monty and Jasper got back to their argument, only they manage to talk around Clarke. She didn’t quite know how to extract herself from the situation. A hand touched her arm and she turned to see Harper behind her. Harper gently pulled her away from the bar and towards a small booth across the room.“I thought I recognized that damsel in distress look,” Harper said with a smile. “Here,” she said as she set down a drink. Clarke hadn’t even noticed her carrying a tray. “I’ll put it on the bosses tab.”Harper winked. She left Clarke to her own devices and walked back to the bar. Monty grabbed her around the waist and pulled her into his lap. Harper laughed and smack him on the chest before giving him a kiss on the cheek.It made Clarke smile. Despite the fact that Clarke was on the run she could appreciate the feel of  family  that filled the bar.



Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
Hello! I figured out how many chapters this story should be! And so I decided you deserve a new chapter in celebration! buckthegrump helped.



Clarke spent the whole evening in that little booth. Harper brought her a couple more drinks, and at some point, Murphy sent her a basket of loaded french fries that were probably the best thing she had ever put in her mouth. Murphy must have heard the noise she made after the first bite because he sent her a saucy wink from the kitchen window.It was nearing closing time, and aside from Bellamy, Murphy, and Harper, she and Monty were the only ones left in the bar.The evening had been fun, filled with good booze and a few laughs, but Clarke’s situation was starting to get dire again.As if sensing her turmoil, Murphy appeared at her booth. “So you need a cab or something? You got a place to stay tonight?”Clarke froze up. “If you could point me in the direction of the nearest motel, that would be great.”“The nearest motel?” Murphy asked with a raised brow. “That’s only a couple blocks from here. But it’s a shithole. Had bedbugs, last I heard.”Clarke noticed Bellamy approach the table. Murphy must have sensed him because he turned to give him a shit eating grin. “But I’m pretty sure Bellamy has a spare room. Dontcha, pal?”Bellamy nearly tripped over his own feet at his friend’s words. “No! I mean, yeah I do. But I would hate to impose.”“Aw, come on, Blake,” Murphy said. “Not the first time you’ve offered a lady a place to sleep if you know what I mean.”Clarke felt her face heat up, but Bellamy seemed to be even more embarrassed by the way he was shifting from foot to foot and pointedly  not  looking at her.“Shut up, Murphy,” Bellamy groaned under his breath. Then he looked at Clarke. “I know that’s not what this is, but if you need someplace I go I  do  have a spare room.”Clarke took a moment to size him up. He was taller than her, and there was a good amount of muscle under his t-shirt. It would be easy for him to overpower her. But he seemed trustworthy. True, her intuition had led her astray in the past, but she wasn’t in the position to turn down help. She couldn’t afford to be recognized.“That would actually be really helpful,” Clarke eventually said. “Thank you, Bellamy.”Bellamy seemed surprised, but he covered it up quickly. “Yeah, of course. I’m ready to go if you are.”Clarke nodded and stood. She had stopped drinking hours earlier, so at least she didn’t stumble as she walked out of the bar with the small group. Monty and Harper climbed into a smart car that was parked in front, and Murphy climbed onto a motorcycle that was obnoxiously left on the sidewalk. Bellamy touched her arm gently, then motioned down the street. “I’m just a few blocks this way if you don’t mind a walk.”Clarke shook her head. The night air felt great, actually. They walked in amicable silence, down the street before turning up into a small neighborhood. Bellamy eventually stopped in front of a small duplex. Bellamy walked onto the small porch and towards the door to the left.He opened the door and allowed Clarke to walk in first. She found herself in the living room. It was cozy but sparingly decorated. There was a tv sitting in the corner with a bookshelf beside it. Bellamy walked through the room and towards the back of the house. “My room is upstairs, but I have a spare room back here. Let me make sure it’s set up for you.”Clarke nodded, but he was already gone. With nothing better to do, she wandered towards the bookshelf. She’s always believed you could tell a lot about a person from what they read. Bellamy’s shelf was filled with mostly historical biographies and even a few textbooks. He did have all the classics though, and they looked well used.Then she spotted his DVD shelf. Right there, between Death at a Funeral and Die Hard, was every season of Diagnosis Desire.“Fuck,” Clarke swore. She turned her head, but Bellamy was still in the other room.He knew. He  knew who she was. And if he knew who she was, then he was in danger. She refused to let her baggage hurt anyone else. Her flight or flight response kicked in and she turned on her heel and ran. She didn’t even close the front door.She didn’t know anything in this town, so it would make sense that she would run back to the bar. Murphy said the motel was close. She ran further down the street until she spotted The Ring Motel in the distance. The vacancy sign was on but flickering. The rain started up again and she was soaked by the time she made it to the office. She wiped her face with her sleeve and pushed open the door.A guy was sitting behind the desk with his feet up on the counter. Clarke really didn’t like the way he was looking at her, but she couldn’t just break into a room and hope it was empty. She approached the desk carefully and cringed when his eyes looked her up and down.“How can I help you, gorgeous?” He asked.“I need a room please.” Charlie subconsciously wrapped her arms around her middle, but all that did was draw his attention to her chest.He shrugged. “Sorry. We’re full up.”“But your sign out front…” Clarke trailed off.“Yeah, sorry. No vacancy.” He stood and stripped off his jacket. Clarke caught sight of the name tag pinned to his t-shirt. Dax. “But I do have a cot in the back room. I promise I’ll keep to my side.”Clarke took a step away from the counter. Then another when it looked like he was going to follow her. “No, thank you. I’ll try someplace else.”“Your loss, sweetheart,” Dax said.Clarke didn’t grace him with another response before rushing out of there. She ran a few more blocks back in the direction of the bar before hiding out in a covered doorway.“Fuck,” Clarke said again. She didn’t know what she would do. It was nearing three in the morning now, and there was no way she was going to get a cab or find another motel. She looked down at her clothes and knew they wouldn’t be warm enough to survive a night outside.Maybe she could find a bus station or train stop to hide out in. At least until the sun came up and she could get out of town.Clarke pulled out her cash. She groaned. It wasn’t nearly enough for her to start a new life somewhere safe.For the first time since she ran out of her home, she felt truly fucked.The sound of heavy footprints hitting wet pavement broke her out of her thoughts. Clarke pulled her hood down and tried to disappear into the building behind her.“Clar… uh, Claire!”Bellamy. At least she knew for sure now that he knew who she was.She had a couple of options at this point. She could stay hidden and hope he loses interest, or she could allow him to help her and worry constantly that she was putting him in harm's way.The choice was taken out of her hands when Bellamy stepped in front of her alcove and turned, catching sight of her.“Claire,” he said. “I’ve been looking all over for you.”“I know you know,” she said. “You know who I am.”Bellamy looked for a moment like he was going to deny it, but Clarke shut him up with a hard shake of her head. “Don’t deny it.”Bellamy’s shoulders slumped. “You’re right. I recognized you the second I saw you.”“I figured,” Clarke said softly. She started to shiver from the rain and chill.“Come on,” Bellamy said. “Let’s get you back to my place. You can warm up there.”Clarke just shook her head. “I can’t. It’s not…” Clarke hesitated before saying safe. He couldn’t know he was in danger. “I can’t stay if you know who I am.”“I don’t know what you’ve gotten yourself into, Clarke,” Bellamy said softly. “But I promise I can keep you safe. And if you need to pretend to be Claire, I can do that.”Clarke could feel tears sting her eyes. She realized at that moment that Bellamy was the only person she had in the world, especially since she abandoned Kane and Echo without a word. Bellamy didn’t say another word before pulling her into his arms awkwardly. Clarke stiffened for a beat, before relaxing and pressing her face into his chest.He smelled like old cedar and the smokiness of scotch. Clarke felt small in his arms but protected.“Come on, Claire,” he said without letting her out of his hold. “Let’s get you warmed up.”“Clarke,” she said as she pulled away. “You can call me Clarke.”Bellamy was hovering.He knew he was. But he couldn’t help himself. When he got Clarke back to his house he ushered her into the downstairs bathroom. He asked her to wait and ran around grabbing clean towels and a spare set of his own pajamas. Clarke took it all with a smile and closed the door.The shower turned on and Bellamy escaped to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea. Caffeine free, obviously, because he needed to calm the fuck down.When Clarke burst into his bar it was obvious she was trying to hide. He didn’t give it much thought. In the back of his mind he figured it wasn’t that big of a deal; a scandal that would blow over or something like that.But seeing just how  freaked out  she had been, and how determined she was to run where nobody recognized her? She had to be wrapped up in something a lot bigger than he originally thought.And then he went and promised he could take care of her. What if he couldn’t? What if he did put her in more danger?Without thinking of the consequences, Bellamy pulled out his phone and called his sister.“ What the fuck, Bell? Do you realize what time it is? ” His sister groaned as soon as she answered the phone.Bellamy looked at the clock on the stove and winced. It was past two at this point. “I’m sorry, O. I just needed to talk,” he said.A masculine voice mumbled something on the other end of the line and Bellamy was half tempted to grab a kitchen knife and stab it in his ears. “Go back to sleep. I’ll be quick,” Octavia whispered, but Bellamy still heard it. There was a ruffle of fabric, and the sound of soft footfalls, then a door clicking shut.“You know I hate knowing about your one-night stands, O,” Bellamy said with all the ire of a pissed off sibling.“Screw you. That’s what you get for calling me at ass o’clock,” Octavia snapped. “And Lincoln has been a twelve-night stand, thank you very much. But that’s not why you called. Tell me what’s going on.”Classic Octavia. There is no beating around the bush with her. “I…” Bellamy felt the words stick in his throat. How did he tell her anything without giving everything away? “A redhead walked into the bar, and I know who she is, but I’m not supposed to and she knows that I know, and she doesn’t like that I know but she doesn’t know that Murphy knows, because I told Murphy before I knew that I wasn’t supposed to know and now she’s in my shower. And she may or may not be on the run.”There was silence. He pulled the phone away from his ear and checked that the call hadn’t dropped.It hadn’t.“Are you stoned? Did you and Murphy break into the gin? ” Octavia asked. Bellamy could hear the eye roll from miles away.“No!” Bellamy said. “I can’t tell you what’s going on, but I’m freaking out about it.”“Clearly.”“O. How do I know I can keep her safe?” Bellamy asked quietly.Octavia sighed. “Because you always kept me safe, and I was always getting in trouble.” She had a point there. “As much as it pains me to compliment you, you are a good man, big brother. And if this redhead needs to be protected, then you are probably the best one to do it.”Bellamy felt a weight lift off his shoulders. “Thanks, O. That’s kinda exactly what I needed to hear.”“Glad I could be of service,” Octavia said. “Now I am going to get back to the naked man in my bed. Goodnight, Bell! ”Bellamy fake-gagged, but his sister had already hung up and didn’t hear him. He made a mental note to give her shit about that next time they talked.Bellamy tossed his phone on the counter and grabbed the kettle from the stove. The water wasn’t boiling anymore, but it was still hot enough. He poured the water into the mug Octavia got him for his last birthday. It was childish, and a little embarrassing, but somehow it had become his favorite. He grabbed a second, more normal mug for Clarke and got to making her a cup of tea. She had a rough night, and would need something to relax, right? That wasn’t weird.He was just about to dump the mug out when the bathroom door opened and Clarke stepped out.She had her hair wrapped up in a towel on top of her head, but he could see little pink strands where they fell out. She was also looking totally comfortable in his pj’s, and it was enough to get him a little flustered. “Is that for me?” Clarke asked as she reached for his mug where he left it on the counter. She turned it around to see what it said, and Bellamy watched as an amused looked spread across her face. “I don’t fart. I whisper in my panties,” Clarke read. “Interesting choice.”Bellamy rubbed at the back of his neck in embarrassment. “It was a gift from my sister,” he explained.Clarke chuckled, and it was the most beautiful sound Bellamy had ever heard. Then he remembered the whole trauma-running-for-her-life thing and he forced himself not to think about that. “I like it.” She took a sip, and hmm’d happily. “This is really good.”“Thanks,” Bellamy said before clearing his throat. “Um, it’s getting late. Let me show you to your room.”Clarke followed behind him, and he could hear the subtle swish-swish of her borrowed pants on the hardwood floors. The back bedroom was set up as a guest room, generally as a place for Octavia to crash when she visited. It was decorated in forest greens and light wood, her favorite colors. “I know it’s not much, but it should be alright.”Bellamy felt a hand on his wrist and looked down at Clarke. “It’s perfect, Bellamy. Thank you.”“I’ll leave you to it, then,” Bellamy said as he took a couple of steps back. “My room’s upstairs if you need anything.”Before he could get away, Clarke stepped into his space and wrapped her arms around his waist and pressed her face into his throat.Her hair towel had disappeared at some point, and Bellamy could smell his shampoo in her hair. Instinctually he circled his arms around her and squeezed. She was about the same size as his sister but felt so much smaller somehow.“You don’t know how much this means to me, Bellamy,” Clarke said. Her voice was muffled against his chest. “I’m lucky I ran into your bar.”“I’m glad I could help,” Bellamy replied. “You’re safe here.”Clarke pulled away and smiled bashfully. “I know.” She stepped away but paused in the doorway. “Goodnight, Bellamy.”She closed the door and Bellamy let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.Bellamy watched the door for a moment, half sure it would disappear entirely and he would find this was all some crazy dream. When the door remained, he shook his head and realized how ridiculous he was being.He spun around and made his way to his room hoping he would be able to sleep with  the  Clarke Griffin in his house.



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes
So buckthegrump has informed me that this fic is a semi-finalist for a BFWA as an underrated fic... which is AMAZING! So in honor of that here is a new chapter!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






“I don’t know if I want to do this.”



“This is how the world works. You want to get ahead, don’t you?”



“I just didn’t think it would be like this…”



Space shifted. Darkness. A weight on top of her.



“They’re going to love you.”



Pain. It felt all wrong. 



“That’s it.” 



Shame. Stupid girl.



“Let’s go again.”


Clarke woke with a start. That particular dream always had this effect on her, but it felt somehow worse today. She looked around the strange room, disoriented. 

“Where the fuck?” Clarke groaned. She was in a surprisingly comfortable bed, surrounded by soft green bedding. She turned her head. An alarm clock on the bedside table told her it was almost ten in the morning. 

A soft sound drifted in from the next room. It sounded like… singing? There was a guitar and a low voice.

Silently she rolled out of the bed and nearly tripped over the hem of her pants. She looked down. Those weren’t hers. She crossed the room and opened the door. 

The smell of coffee and pancakes smacked her in the face and with it the memories from the night before came rushing back. 

The letter, the token from her house, Kane’s photo. Running. The bar. 

Bellamy.

The later was in the kitchen, singing along to his music. It sounded familiar, but she couldn’t place it. 

“

It's better to feel pain than nothing at all. The opposite of love's indifference

,” Bellamy sang as he pulled a plate down from the cupboard. He turned, spotted Clarke, and promptly dropped it on the ground. “Oh fuck. Shit, sorry.” 

They both bent down to pick up the shards. Thankfully it broke into a couple of big pieces, so it was a quick job. 

“I didn’t mean to startle you,” Clarke said. She moved to help him with breakfast, but he waved her off. She took the hint and sat in one of the stools instead. 

“Not your fault,” Bellamy told her. “I forgot there was someone else in the house. Good thing I always cook for an army.”

Clarke looked at the mounds of food and had to agree. He pulled down a couple more plates and started to dish them up. He placed one in front of Clarke and set the other in front of the chair beside her. Then he pulled out the coffee pot and raised his brow in question. Clarke nodded, so he poured her a mug. 

There was already a sugar shaker and a carton of half-n-half on the counter, so she doctored her coffee the way she liked it and took a sip. It was delicious, so she took a larger swallow. 

Bellamy had taken his seat beside her and was already walkway through his short stack of pancakes. 

Clarke followed his lead and took a bit of her food. It was amazing. “This is really good,” Clarke complimented him. “Why aren’t you the chef?”

Bellamy ducked his head, almost bashful. “Because then Murphy would have to work the bar and we don’t want that. Trust me,” Bellamy joked. “I had him help me once during a Notre Dame game and he punched a dad sitting at the bar.”

“A dad?” Clarke asked. 

“Yeah, he was there with his kid,” Bellamy explained. “He did deserve it. He was trying to get his kid to flirt with this girl when clearly neither of them wanted it to happen. He called his kid a pussy and Murphy just snapped. The guy may seem scrawny, but he packs a punch, I’ll tell you that.” 

Clarke found herself laughing. “Somehow that actually doesn’t surprise me.”

The pair fell into silence as they finished their meal. Clarke eventually collected their empty plates and took them to the sink before Bellamy could complain. She rinsed them and placed them in the dishwasher while he looked on with an unhappy look on his face. 

“You shouldn’t have to do that,” Bellamy said. “You’re a guest.” 

“Bellamy, I’m not just going to sit on my ass here,” Clarke told him. “I’m not some spoiled little actress, you know.” 

She felt her temper start to build and had to take a couple of deep breaths. Bellamy seemed to sense this and walked around the island towards her. “I don’t think that! I promise. You can ask anyone. They call me a mother hen at least twice a week.”

Clarke forced her feathers to un-ruffle. “I know you don’t. I’m sorry. I must have woken up on the wrong side of the bed.” She took another sip of her coffee, grimacing when she realized how cold it had gotten. 

Bellamy grabbed the mug out of her hand and walked around the kitchen to pop it in the microwave. He leaned against the counter while the timer ticked down. “I was going to go for a run, but while I’m gone you’re more than welcome to look around, or do whatever. This house is yours for however long you’re gonna be here.”

“That’s very kind of you, Bellamy,” Clarke said. “I promise I won’t snoop through all your stuff.” 

“I- I didn’t think you would!” Bellamy was quick to explain. 

Clarke watched as he shifted from foot to foot, obviously uncomfortable. “Relax, Bellamy. I really appreciate everything. I’ll be fine.”

“Okay,” Bellamy said. The microwave beeped, making Bellamy jump. He pulled the mug out and handed it back to Clarke. “I’m going to go get changed.” 

Bellamy disappeared to his room and left Clarke to finish her coffee. Just a few moments later he reappeared, dressed distractingly good for exercise. Clarke caught barely a glance before he left the house. 

Left to her own devices, Clarke decided to explore the house a little bit more. She only got a glimpse of it last night before she ran away. She walked towards the bookcase. With her coffee in her left hand, she used her right to trail over the collection of paperback and hardcovers that filled the shelves. 

She plucked a book out at random and took it to an overstuffed armchair near the fireplace. She placed the book in her lap and let it fall open to a random page. She took a sip of coffee and began to read. 

Some time passed. She wasn’t really reading, mostly just flipping pages and catching stray words here and there, and before she knew it the door was opening. She glanced up and watched Bellamy enter the house over the top of her book. 

It was quite a sight. 

His running shorts were sticking to his legs with sweat, and he had lost his shirt somewhere, leaving him tantalizingly exposed. 

He made a beeline for the kitchen, where he pulled a fresh water bottle out of the fridge. The cap was untwisted with a flick of his wrist and then he put the bottle to his mouth. Clarke watched, transfixed, as he downed half of it in one pull. 

Bellamy set his drink down with a big gulp of air and wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand. Only then did he see Clarke. He nodded to the book in her grasp. “How do you like it?” 

“Huh?” Clarke asked dumbly.

“

Watership Down

,” he clarified. “Have you read it before?”

Clarke looked down at the little bunny on the cover of the book. “Oh, yes. I read it for school once. But it’s been a while.”

Bellamy nodded. “It’s weird, to read it and look up to a rabbit. But I’ve always wanted to be strong like Bigwig.”

“I’ll have to read it again, then,” Clarke said as she flipped the book to the first page. “See what I have to say about that.”

“Alright,” Bellamy said with a smile. “I’m gonna shower before I have to head to the bar. Do you want to come with me tonight? Or stay here?” 

Clarke thought it over. As much as she enjoyed being there the night before, she felt the need to hide away a bit. She thought about Dax at the motel and felt a sliver of fear that he would find her there. “I think I’ll stay here if that’s okay.”

“Whatever you’re comfortable with.” Bellamy backed away and wandered upstairs. A moment later she heard the shower start up. Instead of letting her mind wander to the forbidden images that brought up, she focused her gaze on the book and started to read. 

Bellamy pushed open the front door to Walden Station and was unsurprised to find Murphy already there. He was unfortunately at the jukebox, no doubt picking something horrible to torture him with. Seconds later a 

pop-y, 2000’s opening

 was blaring through the bar. 

“Hey, Juliet!” Murphy sang along when the vocals started. “Hey, Juliet!”

Bellamy watched as his friend-slash-new arch-nemesis danced around like some boy-band wannabee. It would be hilarious if it didn’t also infuriate him a little bit. The cook was really getting into it when Bellamy walked up to the jukebox and pulled the plug. 

“Spoilsport!” Murphy said with a grin as he smacked his friend on the back. “It’s a banger, I gotta say.”

“I don’t think you get what that means,” Bellamy grumbled. 

“What? If it slaps, it fuckin’ slaps,” Murphy continued. 

Bellamy didn’t feel like having another conversation about Murphy’s questionable taste in music. He crossed his arms over his chest, one hand still holding the jukebox’s plug, and stared Murphy down. Eventually, the shorter guy held up his hands in surrender and back away. 

“Fine. Sheesh,” he complained. “I can tell when I’m not wanted.” 

Only when Murphy was back in the kitchen did Bellamy plug the machine back in and start something a little more bar appropriate. Murphy didn’t agree with him if the groan from the kitchen was any indication. Bellamy ignored him. He ignored him even harder when he heard the chef start to sing that song under his breath. 

Bellamy moved back behind the bar and got to work. He didn’t have to do any inventory, thankfully, but it was a Sunday, which meant they were in for a busy night and he needed to get prepared. 

“So where is Dr. Hume tonight?” Murphy said loudly from the kitchen an hour or so into their work. 

Bellamy put down the knife he was holding with a little too much force. “You can’t call her that in public, man,” Bellamy called back. “And how did you know her character’s name? I’m pretty sure I didn’t tell you.”

“I know how to use Google, Blake. I’m not an idiot,” Murphy replied. 

“Coulda fooled me,” Bellamy whispered. 

Either Murphy didn’t hear him, or he didn’t care to respond. “And why can’t I call her that? It’s just a joke, man.”

“Did you miss her using a fake name last night?” Bellamy walked to the kitchen window and leaned his forearms on the ledge. “I think she’s in trouble. She lookin’ to hide from something and we’re gonna help her. Got it?”

Murphy rolled his eyes but when his face returned to its normal stoicism his eyes were clear and thoughtful. “Of course. If it’s that serious, you know I’m with you on this. You say she needs to hide, and I’ll help you.”

For all John Murphy was an annoying dick, he also had a protective streak a mile wide. And once he decided to fight for someone or something, he wouldn’t give up. 

“Thanks, Murphy,” Bellamy finally said. 

“You know, if you want her to be able to hang out here without worrying about her getting recognized, she could always help me in the back,” Murphy said with a shrug. “I wouldn’t say no to an extra set of hands. If she wanted to, that is.”

Bellamy looked at his friend, a little surprised that the pretty perfect suggestion. “I’ll ask her about it tomorrow.”

Murphy nodded, clearly ending the pow-wow, picked up a large chef’s knife and waved it in Bellamy’s direction. “Now get out of my face. These chickens aren’t going to break themselves down.”

Bellamy laughed as he backed away. “Yes sir,” Bellamy said. He went back to the bar and focused back on his prep. 

Another half-hour later Harper arrived, and a second later Miller and Bryan walked through the door. It wasn’t often that they had this many people on staff, but Sunday definitely called for it. Bryan and Harper began setting up the front, while Miller walked behind the bar. 

“We all set up, boss?” Miller asked as he pushed the sleeves of his henley up to his elbows. 

“Pretty much,” Bellamy said. “Could you just check the kegs in back? And make sure we have plenty of backups in the fridge?”

“You got it,” Miller said as he walked through the ‘Staff Only!’ door. 

“Miller’s moving kegs?” Bryan asked from the other side of the bar. “I’m gonna watch.”

Bellamy snorted and rolled his eyes as the server followed his boyfriend into the back. 

“Well I’m not going back there for at least an hour,” Harper said with a laugh as she pulled out a stool and sat at the bar. 

Bellamy nodded in agreement and pulled a bottle of Coke from the fridge and handed it over to the server. Harper thanked him quietly and took a sip. “How’s Claire? Did she stay with you last night?” She asked as she set the glass down. 

Bellamy scratched at the back of his head. Harper was good at seeming nonchalant, but he could still hear the implication in her words. “She’s- uh- good. She stayed in my guest room last night.” Harper lifted a single brow, barely enough to notice but Bellamy saw. “I swear! It’s not like that.” 

“But you want it to be, don’t you?” Harper probed. 

“It 

can’t

 be like that,” Bellamy barked. “So drop it.” 

Harper huffed. “Sure, 

chief

, whatever you say.” She pushed away from the bar and picked up her soda. “I’m gonna step outside and get some fresh air.”

Bellamy groaned and walked back to the kitchen. He leaned against the counter and crossed his arms grumpily. 

“She ‘chief’d you, didn’t she?” Murphy asked, after offering Bellamy barely a glance.

“Yeah,” Bellamy said. “I deserved it, though. She was pushing about Clarke and I snapped at her.” 

“You know, if you told her what’s got your panties in a twist, she would understand,” Murphy said. “You really think she would broadcast that Clarke was here? If she knew how important our secrecy was?”

“Not my decision to make,” Bellamy said. He looked at his watch. “I’m gonna open up.”

He walked back to the bar, leaving Murphy alone in the kitchen. Harper was just walking in from the front door, while Bryan and Miller came in through the back door. The men looked a little more ruffled, but Bellamy couldn’t make himself be upset with them. Instead, he walked up to Harper. “I’m sorry,” he said. 

Harper stared at him for a moment, before a small smile spread across her face. “You know we can’t stay mad at you, boss.” 

He pulled his employee into a quick hug. Then the door opened and a group of frat boys walked in. Harper saw them and groaned. 

“Go get ‘em, tiger,” Bellamy said before slipping behind the bar. 

Bellamy and Miller shared a look, both mentally preparing them for a busy night.




Chapter End Notes
Seriously, guys! ALL the love!! <3


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Clarke tried to read, she really did, but she couldn’t seem to focus. It wasn’t Bellamy anymore. No, without him acting as a distraction, the book just wasn’t enough to keep the memories away. 

That dream always had a way of unsettling her. Normally, she would be able to throw herself into work. The thing about soaps was they required long, nonstop days. And if she still couldn’t focus, she would normally talk to Wells. Her co-star was like a rock. Steady. Unflappable. He knew about her past, even if it was just the most palatable half-truth about her past. 

Some days she would wake from a nap in her trailer, and all she could handle was the walk to his before she crumbled onto his couch. 

But she couldn’t risk calling Wells now. If she did, he would immediately ask questions she couldn’t or wouldn’t answer. And he would end up talking to Kane, and her manager would no doubt do everything within his power to track her down. 

If they found her, they would all be in danger. 

No, better to find other coping mechanisms. 

When she first started having the dreams, she drank until she was numb. But then she thought of her mom and felt sick for a whole other reason. 

Since the book wasn’t helping, she put it down gently and walked back to the guest room. Maybe she should have taken Bellamy up on his offer to hang out at the bar. According to the clock, there was still time. The bar only opened a few minutes ago. She looked down at her clothes. She was still wearing Bellamy’s pajamas, which were not bar-appropriate. She had her own clothes from when she ran off, but she would rather not put them back on. 

There was a dresser across the room. It was a long shot, but Clarke figured there might be something for her to wear inside it. She pulled open the first drawer and it was empty. Not to get discouraged, she immediately opened the second one. That one was full. 

Carefully, she started to shift through the stacks. There were a couple of pairs of pants, but they looked like Bellamy’s. Next, she pulled out a few tank tops and shorts. Still not quite what she was hoping for, but it would do in a pinch. Finally, she pulled out a gray t-shirt dress. It had a v-neck and was incredibly soft between her fingers. She held it up to her body and thought it might actually fit her. It would be short, but she could deal with that. 

She slipped out of her pajamas and pulled the dress over her head. It fit her okay, if not a little tight around her chest and on the short side. She checked her reflection in the stand-up mirror in the corner and figured it would be good enough. She left the room before she could second guess herself. 

Her boots were sitting near the front door, and she slipped them on over her socked feet. Lastly, she opened the hall closet and pulled out an army green bomber jacket. It was definitely Bellamy’s, but Clarke didn’t think he would mind. She slipped it on and got a whiff of his aftershave. She had her nose buried in the collar before he registered what she was doing.

Clarke took a moment to collect herself before she walked out of Bellamy’s house. She didn’t have a key, so she just locked the handle before pulling the door closed behind her. That would hopefully be good enough until she and Bellamy got back. 

The air was a little muggy, after the storm the day before, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. The walk to the bar only took a few minutes, but Clarke still felt a sense of relief when she approached the front door. There were a few different groups of people on the sidewalk, each enjoying a cigarette. Clarke paid them no mind as she pushed the door open. 

While last night had been busy, it had nothing on the crowd in front of her. Bellamy was behind the bar, but there was another guy there with him. They were rushing back and forth, pouring beers and making drinks. Bellamy was laughing with a middle-aged woman while he shook a cocktail over his shoulder. It was one of those classic ‘mixologist’ moves, but he somehow made it look natural. 

There was a commotion at the other end of the room and she turned to see Harper walking onto the stage. Beside her was a laptop on a stand that seemed to be acting as a karaoke machine. She typed something, then winked at someone sitting in one of the booths. “This one’s for you, Monty!” 

Loud, fifties 

doo-wop

 started playing and Harper bounced up and down to the beat. “
Baby, ooh baby! I love to call you baby. Baby, oh oh baby, I love for you to call me baby, ” she sang. Clarke looked towards where Monty was sitting, and he was grinning at Harper like she hung the moon. Harper wrapped her arms around her chest as she sang the next part of the song. “When you squeeze me real tight, you make wrong things right. And I can't stop loving you and I won't stop calling you Baby, oh baby!”

Clarke stood near the door and watched for another moment before moving towards the bar. It, like the rest of the place, was crowded. Thankfully someone set down a bill and moved out of their chair just as Clarke was approaching. She slipped into the seat and pushed the twenty away from the edge. 

Bellamy was occupied still, so it was the other bartender who approached her. 

“What can I get you?” He asked as he slapped a cocktail napkin in front of her. 

Normally, she would order a whiskey but considering her mental state only half an hour ago she figured that might not be the best idea. “Could I just get soda water with some bitters?” 

The bartender didn’t seem phased. He just gave her a friendly nod and set a drink in front of her a moment later. 

“B-A-B-Y, baby!” Harper sang out the last few words of the song, and the bar erupted in claps. Clarke turned in her seat to join in. Harper laughed and bowed good-naturedly. 

“You getting up there tonight, Blake?” Clarke heard the other bartender ask Bellamy. 

Bellamy seemed sheepish as he mumbled a non-committal maybe. It’s only after the customers closest to them start pressuring him that he threw up his hands. “Fine!” He yelled, but he was smiling shyly. 

Clarke ducked her head, not really wanting to be seen yet, as he walked around the bar and towards the stage. Instead of using the karaoke machine, he picked up a guitar that was leaning against the wall and plugged it into a nearby speaker. 

Around the bar, people start hollering as Bellamy got settled. Harper even scrambled to get him a stool. 

Unlike Harper, he didn’t offer any kind of introduction. Instead, he just started to 

play

. 

He doesn’t just strum chords but fingerpicked a complicated melody. Clarke couldn’t seem to look away, especially when he started to sing. “
Honey hold me close, hold me with both arms. Tell me it's alright, sing me that song I love. 
Oh oh oh oh oh oh.”

When he got to the chorus the whole bar was paying attention and everyone, including Clarke, was clapping along to the beat. 

“Gonna hold my breath until you're here ‘cause I can't breathe without you dear,” he sang. His eyes were scanning the crowd, and Clarke felt it the moment he noticed her. She lifted her drink in a quick toast and the corner of his mouth ticked up in a pleased smile. “Gonna hold my breath until you're here ‘cause I can’t breathe without you.”

Clarke was so focused on Bellamy that she didn’t notice when someone slid up beside her. 

“Such a show-off,” Murphy said, making her jump in her seat. 

Clarke laughed and turned to the chef. “A little. At least he’s good.”

“Meh, he’s alright,” Murphy said with a shrug. “So what brought you in? Get bored at the Blake house?”

Clarke couldn’t tell him that she felt haunted by old memories so she just shrugged back. “Something like that.”

Murphy ticked his head to the side. “Come with me,” he said before walking away from the bar. 

For some reason, Clarke felt totally comfortable following him. He walked down a short hallway and through the kitchen door. She could see through a large window into the bar. It was not a view she was used to seeing. 

“So Bellamy and I were talking,” Murphy said while he leaned against one of the far counters. “Would you be interested in working back here with me?” When Clarke didn’t immediately respond, he continued. “He mentioned you were in a tight spot, and I figured why the hell not? It’ll mean less work for me.” 

Before she could respond they were joined in the kitchen by Bellamy. He took one look at Clarke and stopped in his tracks.


Bellamy finished his song and set the guitar down carefully. He stepped off the stage and speed-walked back to the bar. A few women tried to catch his eye, but for once he didn’t feel like getting fawned over by random barflies. Miller was still clapping lazily behind the bar when Bellamy approached. “Get back to work,” he grumbled at his employee. 

Miller saluted him lazily. He turned to do as he was told, but paused. “Oh, just so you know, Murphy took some girl back to the kitchen. So maybe you should go yell at 

him

 about the health code for once.” 

“Jesus, you guys! I’m trying to run a business, no a hook-up joint,” Bellamy swore. 

Miller just grinned. “Just wanted you to be informed, boss.”

Bellamy shook his head and walked away from the bar. All he could see through the kitchen window when he passed by the flash of red hair. 

He pushed open the door, a lecture on the tip of his tongue. Then he saw who’s inside and nearly choked on his own spit. 

He only spared Murphy a cursory glance. Most of his attention was focused on the woman with him. 

Clarke Fucking Griffin.

He wasn’t used to seeing her with red hair. But damn, did it suit her. 

She was wearing chunky black boots and a temptingly short gray dress. He was pretty sure it was Octavia’s, which was really causing some conflicting thoughts in his head. He should not find someone this hot when they were wearing his sister’s clothes. Over top of it, she was wearing an oversized jacket. Wait…

“Is that my jacket?” Bellamy asked. And he was almost embarrassed by how breathless he sounded.

Clarke blushed, “Yeah, sorry I took it without asking. I hope you don’t mind.”

“Oh, he doesn’t,” Murphy said with a knowing smirk. Bellamy shot him a death glare. 

“Shut up, Murphy,” Bellamy swore under his breath. “But no, it’s fine, really.”

Bellamy found himself staring at Clarke, but she was staring back so he didn’t really feel that bad about it. 

There was a loud 

ding

 and the three people in the kitchen turned to see Harper standing in the kitchen window. “Order up,” she said unnecessarily. “Hey, Claire!” She added, waving at the redhead. 

Clarke waved back but was soon jostled forward and practically into Bellamy’s arms when Murphy gently pushed them out of his kitchen. 

Out in the hallway, it was unusually quiet. 

“I really hope you don’t mind I borrowed some stuff,” Clarke said softly. “I didn’t actually bring anything with me when I ran off.”

Bellamy chanced putting a hand on her shoulder and squeezed. “I really don’t. It- uh- it looks good on you.”

“Thanks.” Clarke smiled sheepishly as she smoothed down the front of her dress. “So Murphy offered me a job.”

Bellamy shot the kitchen door a glare and hoped his chef could feel it somehow. “I was going to talk to you about it tomorrow. I didn’t want you to feel like you had to hide out at my place, but I thought you might feel a little nervous being out front all the time. Well, Murphy did. It was kind of his idea.”

“Does he…” Clarke looked around them warily. “Does he know who I am?”

Bellamy tried not to grimace. “I told him after you first showed up. I’m sorry. It was before I realized you were hiding who you were. I was kind of freaking out. He won’t tell anyone, I promise.”

“It’s okay, Bellamy,” Clarke said. “I believe you. And the others?”

Bellamy shook his head. “They don’t know. And they won’t unless you tell them.”

“I’m lucky I walked into your bar,” Clarke told him honestly. “And if the offer is real, I’d love to take you up on the job.”

“Of course it’s real,” Bellamy said. Then without meaning to, he looked her up and down. (Though secretly he was glad for the chance to cement the image in his memory.) “But we’ll need to get you some clothes first.” 

“Did someone say shopping trip?” Harper cut in as she approached them from the bar then she caught Bellamy’s eye. “Boss, Miller needs you up front.”

Bellamy gave Clarke one final smile before half-jogging back to the bar. 

“Did you catch them in the act?” Miller asked as he poured a drink out of the shaker into a frosted coupe glass. 

“No!” Bellamy said a little too quickly. When Miller side-eyed him he explained. “That’s Claire. She’s gonna be working back with him for a bit.”

Miller turned to face him fully. “Oh, okay. I see how it is.” 

“No, you don’t!” Bellamy said as he pointed a finger at Miller’s face. “You see nothing.”

Miller looked like he wanted to continue to needle information out of him, but at that moment Harper approached the bar with Clarke in tow. 

“You in for a shopping trip, Miller?” Harper asked cheerfully. “Claire is in need of some new duds!”

Bellamy watched as Miller looked from Harper to Clarke to himself then back to Harper before saying, “Fuck yes!” Then he leaned towards Clarke conspiratorially. “They always ask me cause I have much better fashion sense than my boyfriend.” 

“Screw you, babe!” Bryan interjected as he, too, approached the bar. “One of these days you will stop holding the drop-crotch pants against me.”

Everyone laughed, making Bryan frown. Miller lifted himself so he could lean across the bar and give his boyfriend a quick kiss. “Never gonna happen, babe.” 

“Tomorrow work for you?” Harper asked, not wanting the shopping trip to get forgotten. 

“Yup!” Miller said as he dropped back to the floor. “Claire?”

Bellamy watched as Clarke looked around the group before grinning softly. “Sure. It’ll be fun.” 

He was glad she would be able to let loose, but Bellamy found himself worried about what she was getting herself into.




Chapter End Notes
Because singer!Bellamy is life.


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes
There's an easter egg to another one of my favorite shows in this chapter. Special love to whoever can spot it. :)



Clarke woke the next morning to a loud crash and raised voices. She rolled out of bed and ran out of her room, forgetting that she had kicked her pants off in the middle of the night and was just in one of Bellamy’s long t-shirts. She didn’t really know what she was looking at. Bellamy was standing in the living room, held in a headlock by Miller. Harper was off to the side laughing as she filmed the fight on her phone. “Lookin’ good there, Blake!” Miller said with a giggle before reaching down with his free hand and tickling Bellamy’s exposed stomach. Clarke looked down and realized Bellamy was just wearing boxers and his robe, though the latter had completely opened during the scuffle. Clarke took a step back, ready to disappear back into her room to get dressed, but before she could Harper looked her way. Her eyes scanned Clarke up and down.  “Oh, nice shirt, Claire,” she said with a knowing glint in her eye. Miller looked up when Harper spoke and his grin grew a little wider if that was even possible. “Yeah, isn’t that yours, Bellamy?”“Shut up, Miller!” Bellamy gasped as he reached up and smacked Miller on the side of the head. “Let go of me.”“Alright, alright.” Miller finally let go do Bellamy. Once he was free Bellamy took a couple of steps away from his friends and conveniently stood in front of Clarke. Clarke found she liked that he acted protective of her. “Come on, Claire,” Harper said as she pushed past Bellamy and hooked her arm around Clarke’s. “Let’s get ready for shopping!” Clarke looked over her shoulder as she was dragged back to her room, but Bellamy was too busy glaring at Miller to notice her distress. “So, how in need are you?” Harper asked as she looked around the guest room, probably hoping to find a bag of some kind. Clarke felt self-conscious as she answered, “I don’t have anything.”Harper’s head turned towards her sharply and her mouth was open to interrogate her, but something in Clarke’s face must have made her change her tune. “Alright, full revamp it is. What were you gonna wear today?”“Does my outfit from last night work?” Clarke asked. Harper grinned. “Totally.”Miller would probably consider Bellamy his best friend. With best friend territory came the ability to just know when he was crushing hard on someone, or at least when one was developing. And it was obvious Bellamy was a little hot for Claire. He got it, at least as much as a gay man could. She had legs for days, especially in that dress, and a decent set of tits. There was also something about her that reminded him of a lost lamb and that would definitely play into Bellamy’s obvious savior kink.“You ready, Miller?” Harper asked as she picked up her purse from where she’d dropped it earlier. “Absolutely,” Miller said. He turned to Bellamy, but his friend was too busy subtly checking out the redhead as she bent down to slip on her boots. “I’d say sorry you’re not coming, Blake, but that would be a lie.”Bellamy glared at him. “Whatever, Miller.” “Let’s blow this popsicle stand!” Harper chirped. She grabbed Claire’s hand and began to pull her out of the house. “Wait,” Bellamy said and the girls stopped. Miller watched as Bellamy grabbed a jacket off the back of one of the kitchen stools and held it out. It was the bomber jacket she wore last night. Of course, Bellamy would want to drape her in his own clothes. All the better to mark his territory with. Claire seemed into it though, if her shy smile was anything to go by. Huh. Apparently, Bellamy had a shot. Miller led them down to his Subaru and climbed behind the driver’s seat. Harper hopped in the back while Claire got shotgun. “So, where are we going?” Claire asked as she buckled herself in. “There’s a strip mall just a few minutes outside of town,” Miller said. He checked for other cars before easing into traffic. “Does that work for you?”Claire shrugged. “I’m not really picky.” Harper started chatting about Monty and filled the drive with trivial stories about her boyfriend. They pulled in front of the TJ Maxx and climbed out together. Harper took the lead, with Claire following close behind her. Miller couldn’t help but notice that Claire was looking around nervously the entire time. That was weird, but he didn’t dwell on it as they walked into the store. Harper got right to it; she started picking up clothes, shoes, and all manner of undergarments and shoved them into a basket. Claire seemed a little taken aback, but didn’t try to stop the blonde. Only when the basket was close to overflowing did she hand it to Claire. “This is a good start,” she said, “Go try those on. Miller, go with her. I’ll start looking for more.”“Is she normally like this?” Claire asked as she watched Harper practically skip away from them. “You should see her around Christmas.” Miller grinned and cocked his head to the side. “The best thing to do is just do as she says.”They make their way to the dressing room area, and Miller pushed Claire into one of the larger rooms. Miller could hear the shuffle of fabric as she started getting changed. He pulled out his phone to occupy his hands while he waited for her to come out in the first outfit. “Does Harper know I only really need clothes to work in?” Claire asked from inside the small room.“Who knows. Why?” Miller replied with a grin. “What did she put you in?”The door opened, and Miller had to cover his mouth to stifle his laugh. Claire was wearing a skin-tight bodycon dress in a royal blue. It had a deep, swooping neckline and only went to her upper thighs. Claire kept pulling the hem down self consciously, but every time she did it would expose more of her chest. “I don’t know when I would wear something like this,” Claire said with a frown. She gave up trying to adjust the dress and instead crossed her arms over her chest. “It does look good on you,” Miller complimented. “But you’re right. Probably not the best thing to wear in the kitchen.” Claire seemed glad that he agreed with her. She slipped back into the room and began throwing pieces over the door. “I hope Harper won’t mind if I filter through these a little bit.”At that moment Harper walked in. She took a look at the mess of clothes and furrowed her brows. “What’s all this?”The door opened a crack and Claire’s head poked out. “Not that I don’t appreciate it, but I don’t think there is a lot of clubbing in my future.” “You never know!” Harper argued and Miller rolled his eyes. “I’m pretty sure,” Claire said under her breath as she closed the door again. “Just get one, then!” Harper said. She pulled out her phone and opened Spotify. “Try on the black one!”Claire didn’t say anything, but there was a lot of passive-aggressive clanking of hangers. Harper started their  montage song  just as Claire opened the door again. This time she was wearing a black silk dress. It skimmed her body in all the right places, the hem went to just above her knees, and the neckline was tasteful but inviting. Even Miller, who hadn’t thought about a woman in that way since he knew what masturbation was, had to admit she looked like a patented sex symbol. “You’re getting it,” Harper said with a finality that brokered no argument. Claire looked to Miller, probably hoping he wouldn’t take Harper’s side, but he just shrugged. “Yeah, you need to get it.”“Ugh. Fine,” Claire said. She went back into the room and began to change again. “But from here on out, I’m only trying on stuff that’s work appropriate.”Miller watched as Harper looked down at the other basket full of clothes and pouted. “Fine. I’ll narrow it down.” The song finally ended, but before it could change Harper started the song over. Miller was having none of that and pulled the phone out of her hand. He stopped the music and closed Spotify to be safe. Harper turned to him with a pout, but he wasn’t swayed. “Nope. That’s the consequence of repeats. You know this.”“But  montage,” Harper whined. Miller just shook his head and shoved her phone in his pocket. The cycle continued. Claire would disappear into the little room, then open the door to show them a new outfit. They were mostly jeans and shorts with a variety of different t-shirts and casual button-ups. She tried on a couple of jackets and a few pairs of shoes. Harper dutifully re-hung and set aside the no’s while Miller folded the yes’s. They were nearing the end when Harper threw one final dress over the door. “I thought we said ‘work appropriate’?” Claire asked. “I know, I know. But I couldn't resist. Please, just one more.” Harper looked excited as she leaned forward in her seat. The door opened one last time, this time dressed in a sweet looking sundress. It was orange with a little flower pattern. It fit tight on top but flowed down to her mid-thigh. “What do you think?” Harper asked. Claire turned around to look at herself in the full-length mirror in the dressing room. She ran her hands down the front and even smiled. She twirled, making the hem flare up around her upper thigh. “I really like it,” she said. Harper smiled and clapped her hands. “Awesome! Now get dressed again and we can go to the next shop!” Claire almost closed the door before turning sharply. “Did you say next shop?”In the end, Clarke went back to Bellamy’s with three pairs of jeans, four shorts, five t-shirts in mostly solid colors, three different patterned button-ups, a jean jacket, a leather jacket, a pair of sneakers, the black slip dress, the sundress, and an assortment of undergarments. All in all, she spent less on her haul than she did on the last cocktail dress she had to get for work. It was a surprisingly refreshing experience. That didn’t make it any less exhausting, though. Harper had wanted to keep going, but Clarke put her foot down after the third store. When they dropped her off at Bellamy’s house it was nearing opening time for the bar, meaning she was alone in the house. She took her bags to the guest room and set them in front of the dresser. Would it be presumptuous if she put her things away? Bellamy hadn’t said how long she was welcome, and Clarke hadn’t asked. She didn’t really have an end goal when she decided to run from her problems. She would have to ask him later. Until then she would just fold them nicely and put them on top of the dresser. Once that was done, she changed into a pair of shorts and pulled on a black t-shirt. With nothing better to do, she decided she may as well start her work. She pulled on her sneakers and left the house. She made it to the bar and pushed open the door just as Brian turned on the neon ‘OPEN’ sign. He saw her new clothes and gave her a cheesy thumbs up. “They can be a little intense, can’t they?” Brian asked with a knowing grin. “Just a bit,” Clarke agreed. “Are you looking for Bellamy?” Brian asked. Clarke just nodded. “He’s in the office. You can go on back.” Clarke did just that. When she knocked on the oak door, Bellamy called out a calm, “Come in!”The back office was full of shelves of liquor, a set of lockers, a few broken barstools, and a small desk. It was the kind of space that someone would call organized chaos. That person was not Clarke. She had only stepped past the door, but she already felt like the mess was giving her hives. “Oh no, not you too,” Bellamy said, breaking her out of her trance. “What?” Clarke asked while the eyed a box that appeared to be dripping dubiously. “I like my office, okay?” Bellamy grumbled. “I don’t need to clean it or get any kind of fancy filing system. I can find everything just fine, thank you very much.”Clarke actually giggled at him. “Is this a sore subject?”Bellamy finally looked at her and he ducked his head shamefully. “Just a little bit.”“I won’t say anything then,” Clarke said before adding, “Except are you sure that’s safe?” She pointed at the box and raised an eyebrow. Bellamy looked at it and shrugged. “It’s fine.” He grabbed a dirty apron from  somewhere  and threw it over the box, in some half-hearted attempt to make her feel better. “What are you doing here? I kind of assumed shopping would wear you out and you’d want to just spend the night at the house.” Clarke looked down at her pristine sneakers and shuffled her feet somewhat nervously. “I don’t really like being alone right now. So I was hoping I could start work tonight?” Bellamy’s face softened. “Of course. I assume you’ll want to work under the table?”Clarke shook her head. “You don’t need to pay me, Bellamy. You’re letting me live in your home and eat your food. That’s enough for me.”“I’m paying you, Clarke,” Bellamy said. “That’s not up for discussion, okay?” “Fine,” Clarke mumbled. “Half pay only, though. Consider the rest rent.”The two lapsed into a sort of staring contest, each as stubborn as the other. Eventually, it was Bellamy who caved. “Fine. Let’s go find Murphy.”



Chapter 6



Murphy liked to think of the kitchen as his safe space. In there, he was Gordon Ramsey, and everyone else better just eat what he fucking cooks and like it. So, even if it was his idea, he was a little apprehensive about having someone new invading his space. He was glad they were able to help Clarke out, don’t get him wrong, but could this soap opera star even cook? As she was led in by Bellamy, he had to admit that she at least looked like a cook. “Good to see you,  Claire,” Murphy greeted with a wink. “You ready for tonight?” Clarke tried to look confident as she nodded. “Ready as I’ll ever be.”Bellamy looked like he wanted to stick around, so Murphy made sure to shoo him away. “Get out of here, Blake. We got this covered.” His ‘boss’ rolled his eyes but eventually left them alone. “So…” Clarke said as she looked around the kitchen. “Where do you want me to start?” Murphy grabbed a knife from his knife roll and spun it in his hand before offering it to her, handle first. “Think you can handle some chopping?” Clarke nodded as she took it. “Good. You can use the prep table over there.” He pointed to a metal table kitty-corner from his stove. Clarke walked to it and set his knife down carefully. Murphy left her there while he grabbed a clean apron, a couple of towels, and a cutting board. He set them down on the table in front of her. “Get one of those rags wet and put your cutting board on top of it. That should stop it from slipping around. Let me get you some veggies.” He pulled a Cambro of onions, carrots, and celery and put it down next to her cutting board. He was happy to see that she had followed his instructions. “You know how to make a mirepoix?”“I’ve heard about it, but no,” Clarke admitted. “Don’t worry about it. It’s one of the building blocks of French cooking,” Murphy turned his head to make sure she was paying attention. She was. “Basically it’s two parts onions and one part of carrots and celery.”“I think I can handle that,” Clarke said. She grabbed an onion and put it down on her board. “Don’t forget your  accoutrements,” Murphy said in an annoying French accent before picking up the apron and looping it over her head. “I’ll check back in a bit.” Murphy was never one to hover, so he left her at the prep table and went back to his own work. Soon the smell of freshly chopped onion filled the kitchen, and Murphy breathed it in happily.Clarke really liked working in the kitchen. For as often as she had witnessed Murphy fight with Bellamy over the music, he actually had a little Bluetooth speaker that he used to play whatever he wanted. Tonight it was  Pete Drake & His Talking Steel Guitar. Something Clarke had never heard of but found she really liked. The soft music droned out the chatter from the bar and allowed her to focus on her work. She never realized how much she could enjoy the repetition of just chopping vegetables. Murphy stopped by to check her work every once and a while but he would just adjust her wrist or give her a tip to avoid cutting her fingers before going back to his own task. When she was done with her first load of vegetables, he moved her over to the stove and talked her through making a simple tomato soup. “Everyone loves tomato soup and grilled cheese,” he had said. By the time the dinner rush started, Clarke was sweating beneath her thin top and wondering how Murphy did this day in and day out. He was handling most of the tickets, while Clarke mostly plated the food and rang the bell when the orders were completed. Eventually, the rush died down and Murphy pushed her out of the kitchen with a firm order to, “Take a damn break.” Clarke wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth and took a seat at the end of the bar. She took a second to rest her head on the cool bar top. There was a  clunk-ing sound and Clarke looked up to see Bellamy had set down a cool bottle of Coke. “So? You regretting saying yes yet?” He asked playfully. Clarke waved a finger around her face. “Don’t let the fatigue fool you,” she said with a tired grin. “I actually really like it.”“I’m glad,” Bellamy told her. “Don’t tell Murphy I told you this, but he’s actually a really good teacher and likes taking people under his wing.”Clarke chuckled. “You know what? I totally believe you.” She took a sip of her drink and looked around the bar. It was starting to slow down considerably. “Quiet night?”Bellamy shrugged and picked up a lowball glass to polish, in a classic bartender move. “Monday’s normally are. We’ll probably close up soon.” “Well, then I should probably get back to Murphy.” Clarke took another drink of her soda. Bellamy took the half-full glass from her and she smiled in thanks. Back in the kitchen, Murphy was starting to clean up. Clarke went right back to the dishwasher and started to load it. Murphy seemed pleased. They spent the next hour washing dishes, wiping down tables, and setting the kitchen up for the next night. Once they were finished Murphy clapped Clarke on the back. “You did good tonight, Claire,” he said with a genuine smile. “Thanks, Murphy,” Clarke replied. She pulled off her apron and handed it to Murphy, who threw it in the laundry bag with his own. Bellamy stuck his head in the kitchen and asked, “You guys ready to head out?”“Sure are, Boss.” Murphy gave Bellamy a snarky salute and pulled his motorcycle helmet from under one of the tables. The group separated outside the bar: Brian to his sedan and Murphy to his bike. Clarke hung around while Bellamy locked up. Bellamy took one look at her once they were ready to walk home and shrugged out of his jacket. Before Clarke could protest he placed it over her shoulders. “You’re gonna freeze out here,” he said, sounding just like an exasperated older brother. “It’s only a few blocks,” Clarke grumbled. She tried to give it back to him but was unsuccessful. Bellamy just kept walking. “Don’t care.”Even though it really was only a few blocks, Clarke found she was dead on her feet by the time Bellamy opened the front door. Clarke mumbled a goodnight and zombie-walked to her room. She closed the door and was asleep within minutes, snuggled down in Bellamy’s jacket.Bellamy liked Tuesdays. For a while, when he first opened Walden Station, he was working seven days a week. He knew that was common for a new business owner, but it really sucked. It wasn’t until at least a year later that Bellamy trusted Miller enough to leave him alone. Thus, Tuesdays became his day off. He had developed a routine. Since he didn’t have to wake up early to run or get ready for work, he didn’t bother to set an alarm. He still woke up early (his body was too conditioned not to) but it felt nice to be able to wake up naturally.  He relaxed in bed for a bit, normally popping off a nice orgasm, before getting up and making himself a pot of the good coffee. He took his mug to his favorite armchair and watched some tv. His routine was so ingrained that he didn’t even think about it. “Well, this is awkward.”Bellamy whipped around in his seat, spilling coffee all over himself in the process, and spotted Clarke standing just a few feet away. Then he heard her voice come from the tv, and he couldn’t grab the remote fast enough. How could he forget that  Diagnosis Desire  was just as big a part of his Tuesdays as the good coffee was? “Shit, fuck, sorry,” Bellamy swore. He tried to turn the tv off but somehow ended up turning the volume up. On the screen, Dr. Hume was walking down a long hallway talking about a recent patient with Dr. Sasha Lahiri. This was the episode when the two doctors went on their first date. It was one of his favorites. He was so embarrassing. It was one thing for Clarke to know he was a fan. It was a whole other thing for her to witness him watching old episodes that he DVR’d at least a month ago. Finally, he managed to turn off the tv and threw the remote on the coffee table. Bellamy looked down at his lap for another beat before risking a glance at Clarke. Thankfully, she seemed more amused than upset. “That was a fun episode to shoot,” she eventually said. Bellamy tried to not look as interested as he was. “Yeah?”“Yeah,” Clarke said. “Wells is one of my best friends. We had a break for lunch right before the first kiss scene, and he made sure to eat all the green olives from craft services. Cause he knew how much I hated them.”“Sasha did that? He seemed like such a nice guy!” Bellamy laughed. “Oh, he is,” Clarke said. “I have a tendency to get too in my head sometimes. And Wells was the only one who could really get me out of it.” “I’m glad,” Bellamy said. “There’s coffee in the pot if you’d like some.”“Thanks,” Clarke replied softly. Bellamy returned his attention to his own cup and listened to the soft footfalls as Clarke walked back to the kitchen. He could hear her prepare her drink and then she appeared beside him and sat in her own chair. She motioned to the tv with her mug and said, “You can turn it back on. I don’t mind.”“Wouldn’t that be weird for you?” Bellamy asked. Clarke shrugged. “I can read. It’s okay, really.”“Oooo-kay,” Bellamy said slowly. He reached for the remote and turned the tv back on. They were at the scene where Dr. Hume and Dr. Lahiri were running from their date back to the hospital because there was a bridge collapse and all the doctors were needed. Bellamy let himself get back into watching. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Clarke pick up  Watership Down. They lapsed into a companionable silence, with the only sound coming from the characters in the show. Every once in awhile Clarke would pipe up with insider information about the episode, and Bellamy soaked it up like a sponge. After all,  Diagnosis Desire  was his favorite show. Clarke only started to shift uncomfortably a couple of episodes later, when her character and Dr. Lahiri started to fool around in the on-call room. Bellamy imagined that it would be weird for her to watch, especially with him around. He turned the tv off again and stood from his chair. “Omelets or pancakes?”Clarke looked relieved as she answered, “Pancakes.” Murphy may be the chef, but Bellamy knew his way around breakfast food. He started another pot of coffee and got started mixing up the batter. Clarke moved from the living room and took a seat at the kitchen bar. They chatted insignificantly while Bellamy cooked. He put a short stack on a plate for her first and smiled when she took her first bite. “Good?” He asked. Clarke just nodded with chipmunk cheeks. He made himself a few and took a seat next to her. Conversation flowed seamlessly from one subject to the next. Bellamy didn’t know how easy it would be to talk to her. For so long Clarke Griffin  had only existed in his mind as a star on his favorite show. She rarely gave interviews, so what she was like outside of  Diagnosis Desire  was a total mystery. Now he knew that she was reserved and quiet, but at the same time easy going and approachable. Last night she had worked harder than some of their old employees. Bellamy was pretty sure he saw her washing dishes with an actual smile on her face. Bellamy realized that at some point in the last couple days she stopped being  Clarke Griffin  in his mind and was instead just Clarke. “Bellamy?” His head shot up and he saw that he had managed to eat his entire breakfast while stuck in his own head. “Yeah?” “Your computer is ringing,” Clarke said with a shy smile. Bellamy finally heard the faint jingle and swore. He jumped up and ran to where his computer was plugged in upstairs in his room. There was one other thing that always happened on Tuesday. FaceTime with Octavia. He made it to his computer just in time to accept the video call. The screen buffered for a moment before his sister’s smiling face appeared. “Hey, big brother,” Octavia said. “I thought for a second you were going to stand me up.” He was about to reply when he heard the distinct sound of pans and plates moving around in the sink and he was not about to let his guest do dishes. “Never. But hold on a sec, okay?”Octavia grumbled about getting motion sick but Bellamy ignored her as he ran downstairs. Just like he thought, Clarke was at the sink with a sponge in hand. He set his computer down on the counter, so he could still see the screen, and gently hip-check Clarke away from the sink. “You’re a guest. That means no chores.”“I can help,” Clarke said with a little pout. “I know you  can,” Bellamy said. “But I don’t want you to. Okay? Go and relax.”“Well, well, well.” Bellamy and Clarke both turned their heads to see Octavia smiling at them. To anyone else, it would seem happy, but Bellamy could see the dangerous interest behind it. That look never boded well for him. “Oh, hi,” Clarke said. She shifted from foot to foot nervously. “This is my sister, Octavia,” Bellamy introduced, giving his sister a subtle look to  be cool. “O, this is Claire. She’s going to be staying with me for a bit.”“My brother treating you right?” Octavia asked immediately. Bellamy cringed. “It’s not like that, O, Jesus Christ.”Octavia just laughed. “Oh, I know. Your game’s not that strong.” She focused her attention on Clarke and added. “It’s nice to meet you, Claire.”“Nice to meet you too.” Clarke stood and picked up her half-empty mug of coffee. “I’ll leave you two to talk. I’m going to go read in my room.” She smiled and waved at the screen before grabbing her book from where she left it and heading in the direction of her room. The Blake siblings were quiet until they heard the click of the guest room door. “So you obviously left out the part about the redhead being Clarke  Fucking  Griffin when you called me to bitch the other night,” Octavia said with a smirk. She laughed when Bellamy shot her a surprised look. “What? I lived with you for years. How could I not pick up on your obsession with that stupid show?” “It’s not stupid,” Bellamy grumbled petulantly. “And I did mention that she was on the run, right? I wasn’t about to blab about her identity.”"And that is why you are the best person to protect her,” Octavia reminded him. “So, what’s it like having your WCW staying in your house?”Bellamy groaned. Little sisters were the worst. 



Chapter 7
Chapter Notes
This chapter, or a special moment in it, it dedicated to Detective Boyle.
Also, there is a TW at the end for Dax being especially gross. 
I hope you are all healthy and safe if your neck of the woods. I'm currently unemployed and holed up at my parents' house. Things can only get better from here.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





The next few weeks passed, and Clarke fell into a routine at Bellamy’s house. She finally unpacked her new clothes a few days after her shopping trip and moved a few books into her room. Bellamy didn’t seem to mind her doing either of those things; he actually seemed a little put-off that it took her so long. 


She worked in the kitchen five days a week, only when Murphy and Bellamy were there because she was still a little nervous that people would recognize her. The two men had proved to be great at looking out for her, though. So she really didn’t have to worry. 


There had only been one close call. She was taking a break after the dinner rush but before they had to start closing up for the night. Bellamy had disappeared into the office to take a call and Murphy was having a smoke break. She was sitting at the bar with a glass of soda water when she felt a presence behind her. She turned slowly to see a large, meathead looking guy standing behind her. He was swaying on his feet and looking at Clarke with drunken concentration. “Ya look f’miliar,” he slurred. 


Clarke turned back around and dropped her gaze to the bar. “No, I don’t think so.” She felt a tug on her ponytail and grimaced. The guy pulled it again and Clarke spun around to glare. “Excuse you.”


“Iz this real?” His confusion turned to a leer and he leaned way too far into her personal space. “Nah. I doubt the carpets match the drapes. I bet yer a blonde.”


Clarke felt frozen in place. He took another step closer, so close Clarke could smell the cheap beer and tequila on his breath. His hand found its way to her knee and she flinched. 


Just when she was sure it couldn’t get worse he was roughly pulled away from her. “Who the fuck do you think you are McCreary?” Murphy asked sharply as he pushed himself in front of Clarke protectively. He didn’t seem concerned that the other guy was at least a foot taller than him. “I’m pretty sure Bellamy 86’d you weeks ago. Leave before I make you.”


McCreary opened his mouth, probably to argue. Murphy didn’t give him the chance before punching the guy in the face. “You better leave and don't come back or next time I’ll break your nose.” He held out a hand for Clarke and she took it without hesitation. “Come on, Claire.”


Murphy led her into the kitchen and pushed her to sit on a stool in the corner. Then he pulled down a bottle of whiskey he claimed was for cooking (even though Clarke never saw him use it for that purpose) and poured a shot into a small measuring cup. “Here,” he said, “it’ll help you relax. Sorry about McCreary. We keep kicking him out but he finds a way to sneak in. Fucking bastard.”


“It’s okay,” Clarke said even though it didn’t feel okay. “Thanks. For coming to my rescue.”


Murphy’s face scrunched up in a combination of confusion and disgust. “I’m not a savior. That’s Bellamy’s kink. I just wanted an excuse to punch that jackass in the face.”


Clarke didn’t believe him. She set down her drink and pulled the chef into a hug. “Still. Thank you.”


Murphy groaned but hugged her back. 


Bellamy and Harper saw them through the kitchen window and seemed to think it was sweet. 


For a week or so after the almost-incident Clarke took her breaks in the kitchen or the back office. She just didn’t feel like pushing her luck. Eventually, Bellamy coaxed her back to the bar with the promise to stay with her and make sure nobody looked at her twice. Clarke secretly thought he was a little jealous that Murphy had been the one to be able to punch McCreary in defending her honor. 


One morning she woke up and showered, like normal, but was surprised when she looked in the mirror that her hair was more pink than red. And while she didn’t 

hate

 the look, she knew it wouldn’t help her disguise at all. She would need to pick up some more dye when she went to the store next. At work that night, she mentioned this to Harper and the waitress seemed enthusiastic about doing it for her. 


“Please?” Harper begged. “I won’t fuck it up, I promise. I have half a semester of cosmetology school under my belt.”


Clarke laughed but eventually agreed. 


The next morning, while Bellamy was out on his run, Harper picked up Clarke and they drove to the beauty supply store. Clarke wasn’t sure what exactly they got, but Harper seemed to think it was all necessary. 


They took their goods back to Bellamy’s house and set everything up on the kitchen island. Harper pulled out a stool and pushed Clarke into it. She handed Clarke her phone. “Pick something happy.”


Clarke felt an insane amount of pressure but eventually picked a doo-wop playlist. Harper grinned when 

The Crew Cuts

 started crooning. 


Harper started mixing a bunch of different goops and liquids together. “Okay!” Harper said excitedly. She wrapped a disposable smock around Clarke’s shoulder and snapped it at her neck. “You ready to look like a freakin’ movie star?” 


Clarke froze for a split second before forcing a smile on her face. “As ready as I’ll ever be.” 


Part of her life as a soap star included visits to the salon. But none of those visits were as fun as having Harper dye her hair in Bellamy’s little kitchen. Harper danced around and definitely dropped dye on the hardwood. Eventually, she pulled a bottle of something sparkling from Bellamy’s fridge and poured them each a glass. 


Bellamy got home when they were about halfway done and raised a brow at their antics but just let them be. 


Half an hour later Harper pulled away from Clarke. “Done!” She said cheerfully. 


Bellamy chose that moment to wander back down the stairs. His hair was damp from the shower and Clarke found herself transfixed by a bead of water as it trailed down his neck. Bellamy pointed to the ground, that was littered with dye and then to Harper. “You’re cleaning that up.” 


Harper just waved him off and used a damp kitchen towel to clean up along Clarke’s hairline. 


Her cellphone chirped with an incoming and she read it with a smile on her face. “That’s Monty. He wants to take me to lunch before my shift,” Harper explained while she washed her hands. “You’ll just need to let it sit for twenty minutes and wash it out. Think you can handle that?” 


“I think I can manage,” Clarke replied. 


Harper grabbed her stuff and sauntered out of the house. 


“Hey! What about cleaning my kitchen?” Bellamy called after her. 


He was ignored. 


Clarke stood up from her chair and carefully made her way to the living room to join Bellamy. She sat down on the couch beside him, making sure not to lean back and get dye everywhere. 


“It looks good,” Bellamy said awkwardly. 


Clarke laughed. “You can’t know that. But I’m sure Harper did a better job than I did in a drugstore bathroom.”


When it was time to rinse the dye out, Clarke hesitated. It would be easiest to do it in the shower, but she knew from experience it would get everywhere. As if reading her mind, Bellamy spoke up. 


“Is there any way I can help you get that shit out of your hair?” He asked. 


Clarke bit her lip uncertainty. There was one other way to do it. Hopefully, it wouldn’t be too uncomfortable. 


“It’ll be less messy if I rinse it out in the sink. Would you…?” Clarke trailed off. What she was asking for was so weird. She barely knew Bellamy. “Nevermind. I can handle it.”


Bellamy stood up and walked to the kitchen. He pulled one of the dining chairs over and set it in front of the sink. “Sit,” he said as he patted the back of the chair. 


Clarke did as she was told. And she refused to acknowledge her blush as she did.



Bellamy was in way over his head. 


He had just meant to offer help, but somehow he found himself looking down at Clarke’s face as he ran his fingers through her hair.


“Is this warm enough?” He asked as he moved the faucet over her scalp. 


“Mmhm,” Clarke hummed. Bellamy watched her eyes slip shut and gulped. 


“Cool, uh-” Bellamy cleared his throat. “Let me know if it gets too cold. Or hot. Or whatever.”


Bellamy got her newly red hair nice and wet before using his fingers to loosen the tangles. He could feel as the dye rinsed out and watched as it swirled down the drain. “Shampoo?”


“We bought some at the store. Should be over there somewhere.” Clarke lifted a hand to point towards the island. “But you really don’t have to do this.”


“Clarke.” Bellamy laid a hand on her shoulder. “It’s fine. Really.”


Bellamy turned and saw a bottle still in the plastic beauty store bag. He grabbed it, made sure it was the right stuff, and popped the top. He squeezed a large dollop into his palm and lathered it between his hands. Without overthinking it he moved his hands to Clarke’s hair. 


He started simple; just running his hands from root to tip. Then he moved to her scalp and started to message. 


Three things happened very quickly. Clarke let out a quiet but glorious moan, her eyes popped open, and they made immediate eye contact. 


Bellamy was in way over his 

fucking

 head.


“Sorry,” Clarke said quietly. 


“It’s okay,” Bellamy replied. 


They maintained eye contact until Bellamy started to wash her hair again. Clarke smiled and let her eyes close once more. 


Bellamy rinsed out the shampoo and grabbed for the conditioner next. 


Clarke kept letting out these breathy little sighs and Bellamy was having a hard time keeping it together. Because while she wasn’t Clarke 

fucking

 Griffin anymore, she was still a beautiful fucking woman and under normal circumstances, he would have already tried something with her by now. 


“All done,” Bellamy said a few minutes later. He indulged in one final swipe of his fingers through her silky hair. 


Clarke sat up and took the towel Bellamy was offering. “Thanks,” she told him. 


“No problem,” Bellamy replied. Clarke wrapped her hair in the towel using that twisty move all women seemed to know and took a step towards her room. For some reason, Bellamy really hated the idea of her leaving. “Do you want to watch a movie?” 


Clarke paused. “Yeah, actually. That sounds like fun.”


Bellamy sat down at the couch while Clarke went towards the DVD shelf. 


“What do you want to watch?” Clarke asked as she skimmed her fingers over the different titles. “How about a Guillermo Del Toro?”


“Sounds great,” Bellamy said. 


Clarke plucked a DVD from the shelf and put the disk in his player. The main menu for the first Hellboy movie lit up the screen just as Clarke took a set beside him. 


It had been a while since Bellamy had watched this particular movie. Normally he would focus all of his attention on it, but instead, he was distracted by the warmth of Clarke beside him. 


Halfway through the film, he felt a shift, and then Clarke’s head was resting on his shoulder, smelling of chemicals and fresh flowers. Bellamy froze, unsure if she was going to move or stay. Then he heard her snore. 


Bellamy found himself smiling as he allowed himself to be her pillow. 


He allowed himself to doze off for a bit and was only woken when his phone vibrated with a new message. Carefully he pulled it out of his pocket and was not surprised to see Murphy’s name on the screen. However, he was surprised to see it was almost five at night. He was supposed to be at the bar almost an hour ago. 


He looked down at Clarke, who looked so peaceful. The idea of waking her was seriously off-putting. Instead, he picked her up delicately and carried her back to her room. 


Bellamy set her on the bed and pulled a throw blanket on top of her. Finally, he wrote her a note, letting her know she was free to come in whenever she woke up or take the night off. 


Only when he was sure she would be comfortable did he leave the house.



Nobody really cared about scummy motels. They didn’t care about the bed bugs. They didn’t care about scratchy blankets. And they didn’t care about the suspicious stains on the carpet. All they cared about was a place where they could easily, and cheaply, fuck whoever they wanted to (wife, mistress, or pool boy) without questions being asked. 


Dax liked that about his job. Plus if he didn’t ask questions of the guests, they tended not to ask questions about him. 


He 

loved

 that about his job. 


There was nothing like having the freedom to do whatever you fucking wanted while also getting paid. 


He had most of his fun at night when pretty young things tended to wander into his lobby. Generally, he was able to talk them into his cot, or at least convince them to get down on their knees for a “discount”. 


But it really pissed him off when his charms didn’t work. Like with that ginger bitch a few weeks ago. He would have happily ruined her if she had given him the chance. It was even worse when he watched her fall into the arms of perfect fucking Bellamy Blake. 


Fuck Bellamy Blake. Dax could see through his facade to the pitiful little mama’s boy underneath. 


Dax shook his head, not wanting to think about that dick when there were better things he could do with his time. 


Unfortunately, it had been a quiet night and he wasn’t able to find anyone to fuck for real, so he had to settle for porn. 


A quick scan through the barely-legal section of PornHub showed nothing worth his time. If he was going to use his hand, it at least had to be to something great. 


He opened his favorite subreddit next, hoping someone posted a new video since he looked a couple of days ago. 


Thankfully there was one new posting from a dude who had pretty good taste, so he clicked on the link. 


It opened a file for a movie, which was disappointing. He looked at the post again and saw there was a note about when the good stuff started. 


He fast-forwarded to the right place and pressed play. Immediately he knew this would be his video for the night. 


On the screen, a girl, who was maybe sixteen, was really getting it from this beefed-up older dude at least twice her size. He zoomed in on her face and groaned. 


“Oh, fuck yes.”




Chapter End Notes
At the end, Dax is looking for and watching underage porn.
Comment to let me know what you think about this chapter.


Chapter 8
Chapter Notes
You *really* need to listen to the songs in this chapter. You won't regret it.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Clarke was sitting with Murphy and Harper after closing up on a Monday night. Harper was fiddling with her hair, while Murphy told a story about how he met Bellamy that had her in stitches. 

“He kicked the box out from under me!” Murphy said. He was scowling, but Clarke could tell it was mostly for show.

“I’ve apologized a million times, Murphy!” Bellamy yelled from the bar, where he was finishing his closing tasks. 

“And I still don’t forgive you!” Murphy called back. 

Harper giggled and put the finishing touches on whatever she was doing to Clarke’s hair. 

Clarke lifted a hand and felt the intricate braid under her fingertips. 

There was a loud bang as the front door was thrown open and a pretty brunette, who looked vaguely familiar, strode in confidently followed by a muscular, darker-skinned man.

“We’re back, bitches!” She yelled. 

“O! What are you doing here?” Bellamy walked around the bar and pulled the girl into a tight hug. 

Of course, it was Octavia. Clarke had only met her briefly that day she FaceTimed.

“We came to surprise you!” Octavia said as she pulled the man forward. “And I wanted to introduce you to Lincoln.”  

Once the men were stuck in what seemed like an endless, macho-posturing handshake Octavia turned to where Clarke was sitting. “Hey, Claire right?” 

“Yeah, nice to meet you in person,” Clarke said as she watched Octavia slide into the booth beside Murphy. “So dinner party?” 

Murphy grinned and held out a fist for Octavia to bump. 

“Dinner party?” Clarke asked. 

“We really just call it that,” Harper explained. “Whenever Tay comes into town we just have a fun party at Bellamy’s. Murphy cooks, Tay bartends, and we all get an excuse to dress up. It’s awesome.”

“That sounds like fun.” Clarke could hear how strained her voice sounded. She had no real reason to be nervous. It sounded like a night in with friends. She should be able to handle that. 

As if sensing her distress, Bellamy pulled up a chair beside her side of the booth and leaned in. “You can hide out in my room if you want. We can always make up an excuse. Or we can cancel the whole thing. Whatever you want.” 

Clarke turned and looked at Bellamy for a moment, really looked at him. It was obvious that he was telling the truth. He would give up a tradition he’d had for who knows how long if she asked. Somehow, that made it easy for her to say, “You don’t need to do that. I’ll be fine.”

“You sure?” Bellamy asked.

“Yeah,” Clarke replied. And she found she really meant it.


Bellamy woke with a groan. He was on the couch in his living room, something he told himself he would never do again. Unfortunately, he never anticipated having so many people sleeping over at his house. Octavia and her new boyfriend were in the spare room and he gave Clarke his bed. And even though his back hurt, he would rather that then make her sleep on the couch. 

He prided himself on being a good host. 

The sun was just starting to rise above the horizon, but Bellamy knew he wasn’t going to be able to go back to sleep so he may as well get up. His first stop was the coffee pot, where he got an extra large pot going. He leaned against the counter and watched as the carafe filled, drip by drip. 

He must have been more out of it than he thought because he jumped nearly out of his skin when a sleepy voice asked, “Mind if I steal a cup, or are you hogging all that for yourself?” 

“Jesus, O,” Bellamy said. “Don’t sneak up on me like that.”

“Sorry, big brother,” Octavia replied not sounding sorry at all. She rounded the counter and reached for the pot. Bellamy got an uncomfortable look at Octavia in what looked like her boyfriend’s shirt and spun around. 

“I really wish you would wear pants in my house, O,” Bellamy said. He kept his back firmly to his sister but could feel when she rolled her eyes. 

“Prude.” Bellamy heard her pour her coffee and then sit at one of the barstools on the other side of the counter. “You can look now.”

Bellamy turned around and got his own cup of coffee. 

“So, can we talk about your house guest?” Octavia asked innocently as she took a sip of her drink. 

“No!” Bellamy hissed. He looked at the steps, fearing that Clarke would walk down the steps at any moment. 

“You’re such a drama queen,” Octavia told him. “She seems like a nice girl. Skittish, but I guess that comes with the territory of being on the run.”

“It’s been nice having her around,” Bellamy admitted. “Even Murphy likes her.”

Octavia fake gasped. “Not Murphy! He doesn’t like anyone!” 

“I know. It surprised me too.” The siblings shared a small laugh before lapsing into an amicable silence. 

Together they drained the first pot of coffee and got the second one brewing before the guest room door opened and Lincoln wandered out. 

“Morning, babe,” Octavia said as she leaned back to kiss her boyfriend on the cheek. “You sleep okay?”

“Very well,” Lincoln said in a deep, sleep-warmed voice. “Thank you for letting us stay,” he directed at Bellamy. 

“Anytime,” Bellamy said. “Octavia and her friends are always welcome here.” He added a wink to make sure the other man knew he was kidding. Mostly. 

“Okay!” Octavia shouted. “Can you make breakfast now? I’m craving french toast.” 

Bellamy rolled his eyes but got to work.


Clarke wasn’t sure what to expect from her day off with Octavia and Lincoln around. She thought they may want to go off with Bellamy and leave Clarke at the house. She was preparing for that, even. Instead, Clarke found herself watching nature documents with Lincoln while Octavia and Bellamy played card games. 

Around one o’clock Murphy showed up with a huge reusable bag of groceries. He dropped the bag in the middle of the Blakes’ game of speed and squeezed in between Clarke and Lincoln on the couch. 

“What the hell, Murphy?” Bellamy asked. 

“I’m cooking for you, the least you can do is put my shit away,” Murphy replied, completely unfazed by Bellamy’s annoyance. 

Clarke watched as Bellamy stood and grabbed the groceries. She moved to help, but Bellamy waved her off. Instead, she settled back down and made herself comfortable between the two men. 

At some point, she must have dozed off because she startled awake when the front door slammed open. She looked to the side, where she expected to see a pillow of some kind, but instead she saw Murphy rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “What time issit?” 

“You guys were adorable,” Octavia said. She held up her phone, “I even took a picture.” Clarke blushed.

“I told you not to tease them,” Bellamy interjected from the kitchen where he was helping Harper unload a box of booze and pointedly not looking towards the living room. 

Clarke’s confusion must have shown on her face because Harper smiled and said, “I just got here.”

“Cool,” Clarke said awkwardly. She never liked the moments right after waking up from a nap. 

“Come on,” Harper said as she bounced over to the couch. She grabbed Octavia by the hand and then held out her other one for Clarke. “We need to go get ready for the party.”

Clarke’s sleepy brain didn’t hesitate before accepting Harper’s hand. Once she was on her feet she felt herself being pulled towards the guest room. 

Octavia took a seat on the bed, while Harper went right to the dresser. “Is it in here?” She asked.

“Is what in there?” Clarke asked in return as she took a seat next to Octavia. 

“The dress I had you get when we went shopping,” Harper explained. She pulled open a different drawer and let out a triumphant, “Aha!” 

“Ooh! Let me see!” Octavia said, holding out grabby hands. Harper passed her the black slip dress and Octavia laid it over her lap. “This is beautiful, Claire.” 

“We need to do hair and makeup first, then we can get dressed,” Harper said. 

Immediately the girls got to work. Harper moved to kneel behind Clarke on the bed and dug her fingers in Clarke’s hair and Octavia grabbed a small bag from her purse. 

“Your hair looks really good,” Harper complimented as she twisted and pinned and swooped Clarke’s hair. 

“Thanks,” Clarke said. Octavia kneeled in front of her and opened the bag to show an assortment of makeup. She pulled out an eyeshadow palette first. “You guys don’t have to do this for me, you know.”

Octavia 

pfft

’d. “I know it seems weird, but we always do this for these little parties.” She swiped a pretty bronze eyeshadow on Clarke’s lids. “This is a good color on you.”

Harper and Octavia fell into an easy conversation while they got Clarke gussied up, but made sure she felt included. Once they deemed her finished they moved on to each other. 

Nearly an hour after they entered the room, they were finally ready to put on their outfits for the evening. Octavia had her hair straightened with a dark smokey eye, and Harper was wearing very little makeup but had put her hair into an intricate braid. When Clarke looked at herself, she was a little surprised by what she saw. Her makeup was done with gold shimmer on her eyes, a cat-eye liner, and a red lip. Her hair was pulled back at one side and pinned down, with the rest falling over her shoulder in soft curls. 

“Wow,” Clarke said. 

“Yeah,” Harper said. “We look hot.” 

Octavia clapped her hands. “Dress time!”

Clarke found herself laughing as she watched the other girls rush over to where they stashed their clothes. Harper and Octavia started stripping down, so Clarke did the same. She pulled on her black slip dress but decided not to bother with shoes. They were just going to be in the house, after all. Octavia was wearing a black, bodycon dress with some metal embellishments while Harper wore a jumpsuit with a cute, seventies-inspired floral pattern. 

“Okay!” Octavia said. She clapped her hands and shoved open the door. “We’re back, bitches! Now let’s get this party started!”


From his place against the wall, Bellamy watched his friends enjoy themselves and couldn’t help but smile. Murphy was in the kitchen, obviously, but he was dancing in place while he dished up the food. Harper was dancing with Monty, who had shown up with Jasper only a half an hour ago. Jasper and Miller were telling Bryan a story. It was obviously a funny one from the way they were all bent over and giggling. Octavia and Lincoln were, he shuddered, 

canoodling

 in one of his armchairs. (But even he could admit they looked pretty cute.)  

Then his eyes traveled to Clarke. 

She looked... wow. 

He wasn’t ogling her, but it was impossible not to notice how beautiful she looked. Her hair and makeup were more done up than he had ever seen it, and she was wearing a dress that looked like absolute perfection on her. She was leaning against the wall opposite, watching the party like he was, and he wanted nothing more than to cross the room and just be beside her. He took a step away from the wall, about to do just that, when Murphy yelled out, “Dinner’s up!” 

The group moved collectively towards where Murphy had set out the food. Like most of their parties, Murphy stuck to finger-foods so they would be able to dance and mingle. Once everyone had their plates Bellamy wandered over. As always, it looked and smelled awesome. 

“Am I awesome, or am I awesome?” Murphy asked, looking all too pleased with himself. 

“It looks passable,” he heard Clarke joke. Bellamy looked up and watched her 

wink

 at Murphy. 

Something like jealousy surged through him. 

Instead of thinking about that, Bellamy got himself a plate and walked back to his wall. 

Did Clarke like Murphy? No. Bellamy shook his head. He didn’t want to think about it. 

But if she did, who was Bellamy to stop her? They were grown adults. If they wanted to date, or whatever, he would be fine with that. 

Totally and completely fine. 

He looked back towards the kitchen but it was empty. His head whipped around, half worried he would find them too close together somewhere else in the room, but instead saw that Murphy was talking to Jasper and Clarke was across the room by his sister. 

Bellamy let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. 

“Guys!” Octavia called over the hubbub. “I found my anthem!” 

The room quieted down and waited as Octavia hooked her phone up to the sound system. A sound like a 

knife sharpening

 filled the room. Everyone looked around, a little confused by what they were hearing. Only Octavia seemed to be swaying around to the heavy beat. 

“Where do you think you are? Some kind of sex dungeon?” Murphy called sarcastically. 

“Shut up, Murphy!” Octavia called back. “This is good shit!”

Bellamy watched as Murphy pushed his way through the crowd and made a move to yank the iPhone out of Octavia’s hand. They started to wrestle over the device, forcing Clarke to back away carefully. Bellamy, who knew how crazy their matches could get, walked around the room and pulled Clarke to safety. Good thing too, because a second later his sister and Murphy fell to the floor right where Clarke had been standing. 

Jasper and Monty started yelling bets, while Miller and Bryan shouted pointers and critiqued their form. Clarke seemed a little shell-shocked. Bellamy understood why. 

“Do they always do this?” Clarke asked as she watched Octavia spin around so she was on Murphy’s back, pushing his face into the carpet. 

“Yeah, pretty much,” Bellamy said with a laugh. 

Murphy bucked up, throwing Octavia off and used his elbow to knock the phone out of her hand. It went skittering across the floor and they both dove for it. Murphy shot up victoriously, phone raised high in the air. Octavia looked ready to tackle him, but Lincoln wrapped a calming arm around her waist. 

“You fought well, but I think maybe this battle is over,” Lincoln said, sounding both impressed and intimidated.

“Next time, your ass is mine, Murphy!” Octavia yelled while she leaned back against her boyfriend. 

Murphy’s head was ducked down, eyes fixed on the screen, but his hand lifted and he flipped her the bird. A second later a 

rooster crowed

, and Murphy started dancing to the weirdest song Bellamy had ever heard his friend play, and that was saying a lot. 

He could only describe it as the Gangnam style but less like riding a horse and more like elbowing (and kneeing) your way to the front of a crowded concert with a tad bit of the macarena mixed in.

“I can’t decide if his music choice is eclectic or terrible,” Clarke leaned over to tell him. They watched in awe as Jasper and Monty joined in. Harper filmed them on her phone.

Bellamy didn’t want to ask how they knew the moves. “I’m pretty sure it’s terrible. That’s why I don’t let him pick the music at the bar.” 

Clarke chuckled under her breath. “That’s probably a good call.”


It was nearly one o’clock in the morning when the house was finally silent. 

Clarke and Bellamy were in the kitchen, scraping the leftover food into Tupperware. Their shoulders brushed every other moment, rendering Clarke a little dumb. She hadn’t had much to drink, but she could tell by the way Bellamy’s face was flushed that he was at least a little buzzed. 

Once everything was put in the fridge, Bellamy turned to her and said, “We should probably try and get some sleep. You can crash in my room again.” 

Clarke looked over to the living, where Murphy was currently passed out on the couch, and Monty and Harper were cuddled up on the floor. “What about you?”

“I’ll find some floor space.” Bellamy shrugged. “No big deal.”

“You shouldn’t have to sleep on the floor in your own house, Bell,” Clarke said. “You can have your bed tonight and I’ll sleep on the floor.” 

Bellamy actually rolled his eyes. “Princesses don’t sleep on the ground.”

“Princesses?” Clarke asked with a raised brow. 

“Yeah,” Bellamy said. Clarke waited for him to go on, but he didn’t. 

Clarke bit her lip nervously. “Then why don’t we just share? Your bed is big enough for both of us.” Clarke’s heart was pounding at what she was suggesting. She hadn’t shared a bed with a man ever really, and the idea made her nervous. But she found she trusted Bellamy to recognize it for what it was; an offer to just sleep, nothing more. 

Bellamy straightened up. “We don’t have to do that, Clarke. The floor will be fine, really.” 

Clarke shook her head. “No, we can share. Your back won’t handle a night on the floor. And I trust you to stick to your side.”

Bellamy stared at her, probably trying to tell if she was lying. Finally, he sighed. “Okay. I have some pajamas you can borrow.”

Clarke smiled at him in thanks and together they climbed up the stairs to Bellamy’s bedroom. He pulled a pair of sleep pants and a tank top out of his closet and handed them over. Clarke took them and went into the bathroom to change. When she walked back into the room a minute later Bellamy was under the covers. The lights had been turned off but Clarke could see how Bellamy was already almost asleep. 

She took a deep breath, reminding herself that she trusted Bellamy and had nothing to be scared about, and climbed into the bed. 

Bellamy was on his side facing her, and Clarke mirrored his position. 

“Did you have fun?” Bellamy asked sleepily. 

“I did,” Clarke replied. 

“Good.” Bellamy yawned and let his eyes fall shut. “Goodnight, princess.” 

The term of endearment made Clarke blush and she was thankful for the dark for hiding it. “Goodnight, Bellamy,” she whispered back even though Bellamy was already asleep.




Chapter End Notes
You cannot tell me that Octavia wouldn't FUCKING LOVE Billie Eilish. You just can't. Also, bedsharing for the win.


Chapter 9
Chapter Notes
As always I recommend you listen to the song in this chapter. Not cause it's integral to the story but because I REALLY love it.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Bellamy woke up with a pleasant warmth at his back and a weird pressure around his ribs. He was confused at first before he looked down and saw a small hand clutching his t-shirt. Clarke. Sometime during the night, she had scooted across the mattress to spoon against his back. In normal circumstances, Bellamy would love this turn of events, but something was clearly not right. He heard Clarke whimper and felt her press her face into his shoulder blades. Her hand was still white-knuckling his shirt. “Clarke?” He asked tentatively. Clarke didn’t wake up, just whined and pulled him closer. Bellamy moved his hand slowly towards hers and coaxed her into releasing his shirt. Clarke did but immediately twisted her fingers around his. Bellamy took a deep breath and soothed her knuckles with his thumb. “You’re safe, Clarke,” he said. He hoped his voice sounded as calm as he tried to make it. “It’s okay. You’re just dreaming, Clarke. Wake up.”Clarke stiffened, and Bellamy just knew she was awake. When she didn’t immediately pull away, Bellamy continued to stroke her knuckles. “Are you okay?” He asked. He felt Clarke shrug and press against his back. Then he heard a sniff. Without thinking he turned around and pulled Clarke into his chest. She wasn’t making a sound, but he could feel her shake as she tried to hide the fact that she was crying. Bellamy didn’t say anything, just rubbed his hands over Clarke’s back while she burrowed into his chest. If he was being honest, he wasn’t that surprised. Bellamy was sure Clarke was dealing with stuff given the whole running-away thing. Bellamy was actually a little glad he was here so he could help her through it. “I’m sorry,” Clarke finally said after a few minutes. Her face was still smushed against his chest so her words were muffled, but Bellamy was able to make it out. “I didn’t want you to see me like this.”“You don’t have to apologize,” Bellamy said soothingly. “Does this happen a lot?”Clarke just shrugged. “I’ll take that as a yes,” Bellamy said. “Do you want to talk about it?”Remaining silent, Clarke shook her head.“Okay. You don’t have to until you’re ready, or ever.” Bellamy squeezed her tight and he heard Clarke sigh in what might have been contentment. “But I’m here if you do, alright?”Clarke nodded and pulled back enough to look Bellamy in the eye. Her makeup from the night before had mostly rubbed off, and her eyes were a little puffy, but Bellamy was mostly focusing on the smile that was slowly blooming on her face. “Thank you, Bellamy.” They stayed on the bed, practically cuddling, until the noise from the kitchen drifted up to the quiet bedroom. “We should probably get down there before Murphy destroys my kitchen and drinks all the coffee,” Bellamy said, but he made no move to get up. “Probably.” Clarke didn’t move either. It wasn’t until they heard a crash, followed by cheering, that Bellamy forced himself to get out of bed. “If they break anything important I’m throwing them out.”“No you won’t,” Clarke said. “I’ll be down in just a minute.”When Bellamy sent her a raised brow she just waved a hand around her face and he nodded in understanding. He pulled on a simple gray robe and walked out of the room. Down in the living room, everything looked normal, but his friends were trying too hard to look innocent. He just rolled his eyes. “Was it important?” Harper shook her head. “Then just replace it at Christmas.”Clarke took a deep breath and tried to shake the last of the dream from her head. It was a particularly bad one. She had it every couple of weeks, and it normally left her trembling, clammy, and unable to leave her bed for most of the day. Somehow, having Bellamy there helped. In a matter of minutes, she felt well enough to climb out of the bed. She walked to the bathroom and looked around for some kind of face wash. There was a small bottle in the shower that she figured she could use. Bellamy didn’t seem the type to get pissed over a dollop of Cetaphil. She felt much better once her face was clear of both old makeup and tear stains. She took a moment to straighten her pajamas before joining the other downstairs. Murphy was in the kitchen, which she should have guessed, while the other sat around the bar and made wild suggestions for their omelet fillings. Harper was currently yelling something about anchovies and caviar while Monty pretended to gag in his mouth. Bellamy was leaning against the counter pouring coffee into a mug. He caught her eye and nodded to the mug, then held it out for her. Clarke smiled and crossed the room to take it from his hands. “Thanks,” she said after taking a large, glorious gulp. The group was now calling for pineapple and black truffle omelets, which prompted Murphy to yell, “You are all disgusting!” Everyone started booing, but it rapidly turned to cheers when he placed a huge pan of scrambled eggs on the counter. Instead of plates, he dropped a handful of forks in front of them. Nobody batted an eye. They just each grabbed a fork and dug into the communal meal. “Better get in there, or there won’t be anything left,” Bellamy said. He had his own cup of coffee in his hands and breathed in the steam between sips. “I’m not really hungry,” Clarke said. They watched as Jasper stole a piece of egg off Miller’s spoon, which prompted Bryan to stab him with his fork in retaliation. “Good call,” Bellamy laughed. “My friends are animals.”Octavia, who was on her phone while hoarding a corner of the pan, squealed. “Oh! There’s a folk festival tonight! Live music, dancing, craft beer! Who’s in?” Everyone in the room raised their hands. “Awesome! Bell? Claire?”Clarke could feel Bellamy turn to her. She caught his eye and could read the question in his face. She could say no, and Bellamy would drop the whole thing. They would go to work like normal and he wouldn’t mention it at all. But Clarke found herself wanting to go. She had felt better about being in public, and with both Bellamy and Murphy around she knew she would be kept safe. “Sounds fun,” Clarke said with a smile. Harper and Octavia whooped while Monty and Jasper high fived. Clarke grinned, overcome with warmth that she could call these people her friends.The afternoon was filled with movies, card games, and the odd wrestling match. (The latter generally being between Murphy and Octavia.) At lunchtime Murphy refused to do any cooking, calling everyone lazy slugs who mooched off his generosity. So Lincoln and Clarke took over. Well, Clarke took over and Lincoln just did whatever she asked of him. She placed a stack of slightly lopsided tuna melts on the counter and waited for everyone to dig in. There were a few nervous looks shared before Bellamy moved to take one. “Thanks, princess,” he said with a grin before taking a huge bite. Clarke rolled her eyes. “I thought you’d forget about that.”“I never forget drunkenly giving people nicknames.” He took another bite. “This is good.”With Bellamy’s stamp of approval, everyone grabbed their own sandwiches. The festival was going on all day, but the group decided to go around dinner time. That way they had plenty of time to relax before having to get ready. Like the night before, Harper and Octavia pulled Clarke into her room about an hour before they were supposed to leave so they could get ready together. Clarke and Harper decided against wearing makeup, while Octavia just put on a little. Since the other girls didn’t have any extra clothes with them, Clarke told them to go through what she had. Harper decided to just wear the same jumpsuit as last night and Octavia borrowed a pair of black shorts and a green checkered button-up. Clarke didn’t even hesitate before pulling on the floral dress she had splurged on. When they went back to the living room the boys were all waiting by the front door. “Come on!” Miller called. “We don’t want to be late!” “You can’t be late to an all-day festival though,” Jasper argued.To which Miller reached over and smacked him on the back of the head and said, “That’s not the point.” “We’re ready,” Clarke said.The girls all slipped on their shoes and everyone poured out of the house. Harper and Monty walked towards a smart car while Miller, Bryan, Jasper, Octavia, and Lincoln piled into Bryan’s sedan. Clarke then looked between the two motorcycles, then between Bellamy and Murphy. Bellamy lifted the seat and pulled out a spare helmet. “Have you ever ridden on one of these things?”Clarke shook her head. “I’m a better rider than Murphy,” Bellamy said as he held out the helmet. Behind him, Murphy made a what-the-hell face and rolled his eyes. Clarke took the helmet with a chuckle and pulled it on. Not well apparently, because Bellamy made sure to fix it before they climbed on the bike. The Summerville & Fairview Folk Festival was being held in a large field about thirty minutes outside of town. At first, Clarke was nervous about riding on a motorcycle. She felt bad for Bellamy for squeezing him for the first mile, but once they hit the highway she just…  relaxed. She leaned back, but kept a hand on Bellamy’s waist, and felt the wind breeze over her face. Ahead of them, Murphy was zigzagging between lanes and Clarke whooped in laughter. At one point Bellamy called back, “Want to go fast, princess?”Without thinking, Clarke yelled back, “Yes!”The bike roared and they sped forward. They passed Murphy, who flipped them the bird, then came upon Harper and Monty and passed them too. When they parked in the dusty parking lot, Clarke’s hair was matted down from the helmet but she was happy. “Happiness looks good on you,” Bellamy said with a grin. Clarke ducked her head as she ran her fingers through hair trying to fix it, and distract herself from Bellamy’s stare.Monty pulled the smart car into the spot next to them, followed by Murphy a few moments later. “That was bullshit, Blake!” Murphy yelled as he pulled off his helmet. Bellamy waved him off. “You’re just jealous you couldn’t keep up!” “Come on!” Harper said as she grabbed Clarke’s hand. “Music’s this way!”A bunch of food carts and vendors lined three sides of the field, while a large stage spanned the last side. “We’ll find a place by the stage and you guys go get drinks!” Harper said. “Come on, Claire!”“Who am I? Chopped liver?” Octavia asked. Harper rolled her eyes and grabbed Octavia’s arm with her spare hand. The three women found an empty spot to the left of the stage and Octavia pulled a blanket out of her backpack. They laid out and people watched while they waited for the boys to find them. Clarke looked up at the stage, where a new band was setting up. They must have arrived between sets. Harper started telling the story of how she met Monty’s thesis advisor and how awesome he was. “Are you talking about Sinclaire?” Monty asked as he plopped down beside his girlfriend. He handed her a plastic cup of beer, which Harper sipped on happily. “He’s so awesome!”Pretty soon their blanket was crowded with friends as they drank lukewarm beer and snacked on a huge plastic bag of kettle corn that Murphy bought. When the band started to pick up their instruments, the group turned to listen. Clarke had never heard them before, but she could definitely see herself liking them. They were folky, with multiple string instruments and a fun, catchy beat. It took less than a song for Monty and Harper to give in and join the dancers that were congregating near them. Clarke was impressed with how good they actually were. Monty was throwing her around, and Harper was just letting him lead. “Do you dance?” Murphy asked. Clarke shook her head and pointed towards the couples. “Not like that.”“You should ask Bellamy,” Murphy continued. “No, I-” Clarke looked at him with wide eyes. “Hey, Blake!” Murphy yelled over his shoulder. “You should show Claire here your moves.”Clarke felt herself blush as she looked at Bellamy. She couldn’t see a blush on his darker complexion, especially in the summer sun, but he looked a little uncomfortable as well. “You don’t have to do that,” Clarke told him. The band started a new  song  and Bellamy actually grinned. “I know, but this is actually a great song.” He held out his hand. “What do you say?” Clarke looked at the hand, then to Bellamy, then towards the dancefloor. A large part of her wanted to say no. She wasn’t trying to embarrass herself. But another, smaller but more carefree, part thought why not? She rode a motorcycle today! And she doubted her new friends would judge her for her lack of dancing skills. So she took Bellamy’s hand. He pulled her towards the dancefloor just as the beat picked up.           We found love so we left and sailed away,           Distant lands, with a hand in a hand, we'll spend our days, so           Give me a shove so I can make this dream come true           Spend my days sittin' next to you, spend my days sittin' next to youBellamy confidently pulled her against his chest and moved her into a traditional dancing pose. “Just trust me, okay?” He asked. Clarke looked up at him and nodded. Then it seemed all bets were off. Clarke had to stay light on her feet as she kept up with Bellamy’s  twists and turns. He even dipped her once or twice. Clarke only stumbled a couple of times but Bellamy was quick to recover. When the song ended, Clarke was out of breath and sweaty. “You did good out there,” Bellamy complimented as he wiped his brow. “That was all thanks to you,” Clarke replied. “Where’d you learn to do that?”Bellamy chuckled. “My mom had a lot of boyfriends growing up. One of them worked on a ranch and we were invited to some of their parties. Octavia loved it. Then mom and Randy broke up, and we had to practice at home. It drove mom nuts.”“It’s sweet, the things you’ll do for your sister,” Clarke said. “Stop it,” Bellamy replied with that same uncomfortable look. “Let’s get back to the group. I want more of that kettle corn.”“Think they have elephant ears somewhere?” Clarke asked. Bellamy laughed. “I’m sure we can track one down.”Bellamy parked the motorcycle in its normal spot, and he and Clarke quickly climbed off it. “Did you have fun?” Bellamy asked. “Yes, so much fun!” Clarke said with a laugh. She leaned against Bellamy’s side, and he wrapped an arm around her shoulders instinctively. Bellamy looked up at his front door and tilted his head. There was a piece of paper stuck to the door. “What the hell?” His landlord lived out of state, meaning they only talked through email, and his neighbors were out of town for at least another week. Beside him, Clarke stiffened. “Oh fuck,” Clarke swore. She ran to the door and ripped off the note. Bellamy followed after her and reached the front door just as she tore the paper into little pieces. “Clarke, what’s wrong?” Bellamy asked. Clarke had tears in her eyes, and he was more than a little worried about her answer. Clarke looked up at him and whispered, “He found me.”



Chapter End Notes
Sorry for the cliffy! I'm going to be better about updating so you shouldn't have to wait long for some answers. This is also the point where the story starts to get a little more angsty. Sorry, not sorry. :) Also, your girl here would KILL for an elephant ear right about now.


Chapter 10
Chapter Notes
Ready for some answers?

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




 YOu ThOugHt  yoU cOuld HIdE    frOM  mE  ?“Fuck!” Ripping up the note did nothing. She could still see the words as if they were burned into her retinas. “Fuck fuck fuck!” She could feel Bellamy behind her and she wanted to scream at him. Or maybe let him hide her in his arms. No. What a stupid thought. She was such a stupid girl; thinking she could get away and have a normal life with a job and friends. Clarke heard Bellamy call her name, but she ignored it as she rushed back to her room. Did she bother packing her clothes? It would only slow her down. She looked around her room and mourned, because she had to get out of here, for everyone’s sake. But damn, if she wasn’t going to miss it.She felt a gentle touch at her elbow, but it may as well have been a jolt of electricity for how high it made her jump. She spun around and came face to face with a  very  concerned Bellamy. It only made her feel worse. “Clarke, what is going on?” He asked calmly. “Who found you?” No. No, she couldn’t tell him. Had to keep Bellamy safe. Had to keep all of them safe. She would never forgive herself if he got his hands on them. She had to run. Without warning, Clarke pushed past Bellamy and ran for the front door. She could hear him calling her name, but it only spurred her on. It was still pleasant outside, even though it was pushing midnight. It’s like the world was mocking her. What she wouldn’t give for some rain and thunder right about now. Proper running for your life type weather. Clarke could feel an ache in her shins, and her feet felt like they were going to fall off. She realized she was running towards the bar and changed course. Not there. She needed to get far away. “Jesus, Clarke! Slow the fuck down!”Bellamy was chasing after her. Why couldn’t he realize that she was just going to put him in danger? She had to run faster. Clarke screamed as her ankle rolled over a crack in the pavement and she went crashing down. She had to get back up, but the second she tried her legs gave out. She heard feet pounding the pavement towards her and just knew that Bellamy had caught up to her. She tried once more to stand and got two steps before she fell against the brick wall beside her. “Clarke! Would you stop? I think you twisted your ankle,” Bellamy said soothingly as he put an arm out, ready to catch her if she collapsed further. Together they sank to the ground. Clarke spared a half-second thought for the poor dress she was probably ruining. Bellamy moved his hand to hover over her ankle then stopped. He looked up at Clarke, silently asking for permission to touch her. For a painstaking moment, she thought of denying him, maybe pushing past him again, but instead, she nodded. Bellamy used his fingers to prod around her ankle and rotated it a couple of times. Clarke couldn’t hide her wince. “It’s sprained,” Bellamy told her. Clarke didn’t reply. “Will you please come back and tell me what’s going on?” He asked. Clarke started to shake her head, but Bellamy added, “Please, Clarke. If you want to leave tomorrow, you can do that but  please  let me help tonight.” Clarke stared at him. She knew what she should do. She should  not  go back to Bellamy’s. She should  not  give in to his puppy-dog stare. She should  not  feel like he could keep her safe. But she felt all of those things. And she was weak. She nodded.Bellamy didn’t know how to help her get back to his house. She had run nearly a mile before her fall, which would have been impressive on any other night. But not tonight. Fuck. How was she going to walk that far on a busted ankle when she wouldn’t let him touch her. Eventually, he just held out an arm for Clarke to grab on to. She grasped it and seemed as okay as she was going to be. His mind was whirling with worst-case scenarios for what was happening. He physically shook his head trying to force himself to stop thinking about them. Hopefully, Clarke would feel up to telling him once they got her off her feet. He chanced a glance at her and was scared at what he saw. The laughing and smiling woman from just an hour ago seemed like a whole different person. Her skin had lost all of its color and her eyes were darting around as if she was expecting the Boogey Man to jump out any second. Whatever was on that note seriously spooked her. They made it to the house, finally, but Clarke was shaking like a leaf. Bellamy led her inside and locked the door behind him. He let Clarke collapse in one of the armchairs and crouched down in front of her. God, looking at her, he wanted nothing more than to wrap her in a blanket and give her tea. He’d never felt a need to comfort someone other than Octavia. It was strange. But now wasn’t the time for comfort. He needed to figure out what was wrong and do whatever he could to fix it. “Who was the note from, Clarke?” Clarke closed her eyes and looked totally drained when she whispered, “His name is Carl Emerson. He’s been following me for over a year.”“Is he why you ran away?” Bellamy asked, even though he was pretty sure he knew the answer. Clarke nodded her head. “He threatened me. He’s done that before, but he also sent me things. From inside my house. I had to get away.”“Why is he fixated on you?” Bellamy watched as Clarke froze up. “Because-” Clarke choked on a sob, “Because my mom killed his family. And he can’t take it out on her so he takes it out on me.”Bellamy feared he was in way over his head. “Do you want to tell me about it?”“No,” Clarke practically whispered. “But hiding it hasn’t protected me.” Bellamy watched as Clarke took a deep breath. “My mom was an addict. It started with pills, but by the end, she was doing pretty much anything she could get her hands on. I wasn’t even fourteen, so I didn’t really know what was going on. I was already working then and my manager kept me busy.” Bellamy stood briefly, but only long enough to pull the coffee table closer and sit on the edge. He held out a hand, just in case Clarke needed it. “One night she got really messed up and was driving home when she passed out at the wheel and T-boned another car. Emerson was driving, and he survived, but his wife and two-year-old son died on impact.” “Oh, Clarke, I’m so sorry,” Bellamy said softly.“You know, I didn’t even know about it until he started sending me letters.” Clarke sniffed and wiped a tear that fell down her face. “How?” Bellamy asked, confused. “Dante covered it up.” Bellamy must have looked more confused because she continued. “My manager. He told me my mom was in an accident and took me to see her in the hospital. She was still pretty out of it, so she couldn’t tell me anything. He got her into a rehab facility and took me home to live with him.” “What about your dad?” Bellamy cringed when he saw her face fall.“He died when I was ten. He was a firefighter. There was a building collapse, and he didn’t make it out in time,” she said. “It’s why my mom started using in the first place.” “Were you okay with Dante?” Bellamy crossed his arms and shifted uncomfortably.“At first,” Clarke admitted, even though she looked shamefaced while she said it. “I was thankful because he was helping out my mom. But then he started acting like I  owed  him or something. His son Cage was an up and coming director, and really wanted me to be in his films.”“What kind of films?” Bellamy asked.Clarke shook her head. “I don’t want to talk about that. Anyway, a year later my mom was clean and I moved back in with her. It was great for a while, but then she got really sick. Practically half a decade of drug use really fucks with your kidneys, apparently.”“Couldn’t she have gotten a transplant?” “Not with her history of drug abuse,” Clarke explained. “And I wasn’t a match. She died of renal failure six months later.” Bellamy’s hand twitched with how bad he wanted to reach out to her, but he refrained. “Clarke -” Bellamy wanted to apologize again but knew he had said that a lot already. “Did you go back to Dante’s after that?”“No!” Clarke said vehemently. “No, I got myself emancipated and I moved. I got a new manager, got some small roles, and eventually got on D.D. Things were fine until I got that first letter.”Clarke shot to her feet as if she suddenly remembered the situation at hand. “Do you understand now? I need to get out of here. You won’t be safe if I stay. None of you will, not if he knows where I am. He could be watching me right now.”Bellamy stood and slowly approached her. Carefully, he placed his hands on her shoulders. “How about this? You’re exhausted. Why don’t you spend at least tonight here, and let me try and figure something out? If I can’t come up with a plan by tomorrow, I’ll buy you a bus ticket that’ll get you as far away as you want to go.” Clarke glanced around, scared, but seemed to think about his proposal. Finally, she whispered, “Okay.”Bellamy sighed in relief and squeezed Clarke’s shoulders.Murphy cursed when he heard his phone go off in the dark. “What the fuck?” He groaned as he rolled over. According to the clock, it was almost five in the morning. He picked up his phone and nearly threw it across the room when he saw Bellamy’s name on the screen. “This had better be important, Blake.” “It is,” Bellamy said, and God did he sound awful. “What’s going on?” Murphy asked as he pushed himself upright. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and yawned. “Is it the bar?”
 “No. It’s- uh- It’s Clarke.” 
Murphy forced himself to be more awake. “Is she okay?” “Not really, man.”  Murphy heard a rustling, then soft footsteps.  “She’s being stalked.” “Oh shit,” Murphy swore.  “Yeah, you’re telling me. She was trying to get away from him but when we got back to the house earlier there was a note on my front door. She took off like a bat outta hell, ran almost a mile before I caught up with her.”  “But you got her back to your place?” Murphy asked. “Barely. She told me some stuff, none of it good,”  Bellamy said.  “I eventually got her to sleep, but I’ve been up ever since trying to come up with some kind of solution. We need to help her out, and not by just sending her away.” Murphy hmm’d in agreement. “What did you come up with?”Bellamy didn’t speak right away, which made Murphy nervous.  “Well he knows where I live, so she can’t stay here. Monty and Harper share a studio, and Miller and Bryan have like four other roommates. So I was thinking-”  He trailed off, but Murphy knew right where to pick it back up. “You were thinking she could stay here since I have a spare room and a shotgun in the hall closet.”Bellamy chuckled humorlessly.  “Yeah, actually. That’s just what I was thinking.” “I don’t know why you even had to ask,” Murphy said. “Of course I’ll keep your girlfriend safe.” “You can’t say shit like that, okay?”  Bellamy snapped.“Fuck, chill out. It’s a joke,” Murphy said, taken aback. “What’s the problem?” “I don’t know,”  Bellamy admitted.  “Just a feeling I got. Clarke was talking about her old manager and his son and I know there’s more to the story than what she told me, but I think something really messed up happened. ” “Like what?” Murphy wondered.  “Like… I don’t know. She mentioned doing movies for them.” Bellamy sounded more than a little concerned. “I mean, she is an actor,” Murphy said. “Maybe they were just embarrassing.” “Maybe,”  Bellamy mumbled.  “That’s not the issue here. You sure you’re okay with her staying with you?” Murphy nodded before realizing that Bellamy couldn’t see him. “Totally fine. Let me clean up in the morning and you can bring her by around lunch, okay?” “Sounds great. Thanks, Murphy,” Bellamy said wholeheartedly. Murphy frowned. “Stop with that sappy shit, Blake.” “No, seriously,”  Bellamy continued.  “Thank you.” “Ugh,” Murphy groaned. “I’m hanging up now. See you at noon.” 
 “See you th-”  
Murphy hung up the phone and situated himself back under his blankets, determined to sleep for a few more hours.



Chapter End Notes
Well... I did say some. Gotta leave some things unknown.


Chapter 11
Chapter Notes
This is a rough chapter. You get the final answer to Clarke's past. TW in the endnotes. If you want to skip the bad stuff, it's after they find the subreddit. I'll paraphrase what happens in my TW.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Bellamy didn’t sleep all night. First, it was because he needed to find a place for Clarke to go. He was able to admit, at least to himself, that it may be easier to put her on a bus going far away from here. But he wasn’t ready to do that just yet. He knew he would be so worried about her, with no way to tell if she was safe. If she stayed, at least he would be able to see she was out of harm's way with his own eyes. So he racked his brain for other alternatives.He was kind of kicking himself that he hadn’t thought about Murphy sooner. His friend was the obvious choice. He lived on his own and had a spare room since his roommate moved out a couple of months ago. His little house was also slightly outside of town, which would hopefully help Clarke feel a little less watched. Bellamy was standing over the coffee machine, waiting for the third pot to brew, when he heard Clarke’s door open. She at least looked like she got some sleep. “Morning,” Bellamy croaked. He grimaced at the state of his own voice and cleared his throat. “Did you sleep okay?”Clarke shrugged. “I got a few hours.”“I’m glad.” Bellamy poured his umpteenth cup of coffee, then got one for Clarke too. Clarke took it with a brittle smile brought the mug to her lips. “Thank you. So? Do you have a plan or am I skipping town?”“You know, if you really want to go, I won’t stop you,” Bellamy said. “But I was thinking you could stay with Murphy. He has a room you could crash in. I’ve already checked with him and he’s cool with it.” Clarke stayed silent and took another sip of coffee. Bellamy was worried about what was going on in her head, but he refused to push her. Finally, she put the mug down. “You’re sure he doesn’t mind?”“I’m sure.” With two words Bellamy felt like an enormous weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He smiled softly at Clarke and reached across the counter to set a hand on her shoulder. “We’re going to figure out how to get you out of this.”Clarke leaned into the minuscule contact for a moment before retreating slightly. “I want to believe you, Bellamy. But I just don’t know if it’s possible.” “Why don’t you just go to the police?” Bellamy asked. It was one of the things that had kept him up all night. This whole thing would be so much easier if they could get some professional help. Clarke was already shaking her head. “No. No police.”“Why not?” Bellamy asked, getting a little exasperated. “Just no.”Bellamy forced himself to not push it and take a deep breath. He didn’t want to push her but maybe at some point, he would introduce her to Sheriff Diyoza. Just in case. If anyone would take this seriously, it was Diyoza. But he didn’t say that. Instead, he just nodded. “Murphy needs some time to get his place cleaned up so we have a couple of hours to kill. So how does a big breakfast sound?”Clarke didn’t smile, but she didn’t run away and hide either. She actually took a seat at the bar and took a long drink from her mug. “Can you make french toast?”Bellamy pulled a frying pan from one of the cabinets. “Coming right up, princess.”It was generally known that chefs were assholes and control freaks. Murphy knew he lived up to the reputation. He demanded an orderly kitchen and an orderly house. It’s why no sous chef or roommate lasted very long. He had been pleasantly surprised by how much he didn’t mind having Clarke in his kitchen so maybe she would make an okay roommate too. But he could admit to himself that even if she turned out to be the worst roommate ever, he would still let her stay however long she needed. Whatever she had going on worried him, and when Murphy got worried he wanted to do what he could to help. After his talk with Bellamy, Murphy managed to get a couple more hours of sleep. When he woke up totally it was half-past seven and he figured that was good enough. He got himself ready for the day before going into the spare room. His face wrinkled up at the smell. Riley had been gone for a while but his room still smelled like ass and old pizza. It was clean, thankfully. He walked to the window at the far wall and threw it open as far as it would go. Then he went towards his linen closet. In the back, behind a stack of spare towels and sheets, he had a stash of scented candles. He grabbed them all. Then, just to be safe, he grabbed the Febreze too. He set the candles on the desk and lit them, then sprayed all over the room. It was starting to smell like a flower patch on steroids, but that was better than before. He wandered back to the linen closet and grabbed the spare set of sheets. It didn’t take him long to make the bed. By nine, the room was as close to homey as it was going to get. He had told Bellamy to come by at lunchtime, which gave him a few more hours to kill. His stomach growled, and Murphy decided breakfast was in order. He popped a few pieces of bread in the toaster and grabbed the eggs and butter out of the fridge. Once he had a plate of scrambled eggs and buttered toast in front of him, he wandered into the living room and sat in front of the TV. He ate while flipping through the channels. Eventually, he stopped when he saw Clarke’s face on the screen. After all this time he had never thought to watch the soap that Bellamy was so in love with. Once he finished his breakfast he just put the plate of the coffee table and kept watching. The show was pretty terrible. In the episode he was watching one patient had fallen into a coma, a doctor was running around with one kidney in a Tupperware container trying to find a body for it, and another was trapped in a subway car that was slowly filling with water. There was also a runaway bear? Murphy didn’t quite get it. But Clarke? She was  good. She somehow made the unbelievable moments believable and had a way of making him forget that he was watching reruns of a low-budget soap opera. He could kinda get why Bellamy was such a fan. It was a couple of episodes later and Clarke was on screen with another doctor, this time a pretentious black doctor. It seemed like people liked him enough but there was something about his that Murphy  did not  like. There was a knock at the door and Murphy clicked off the TV and went to let his guests in. Bellamy looked the same as ever; broody and effortlessly handsome. He did have bags under his eyes, so that made Murphy feel a little bit better about himself. Clarke was standing beside him. She looked spooked, like she was ready to run at any second. Murphy felt the urge to comfort her, but he knew that wouldn’t be the best move. “Come on in,” he said instead. He opened the door wide and stepped aside so they could walk inside. Bellamy let Clarke in first, then followed and closed the door behind him. Murphy watched as Clarke seemed to huddle in on herself while her eyes bouncing around the room nervously. Bellamy seemed at a loss for how to help her, so Murphy decided to help him out. “Blake, why don’t you get her stuff from the car,” Murphy said. He pulled his keys out of his pocket and tossed them over. “I’m gonna lock the door. Then I’ll show Clarke around. Let her know where things are.”Bellamy nodded sharply and turned. Once he was out of the house Murphy crossed the room and locked the handle and the deadbolt. He turned to Clarke who looked a tiny bit more relaxed. “I’ll make you a key, so we can keep the doors locked at all times, okay?” Clarke nodded. Murphy opened the hall closet. “I have a bat in here, but if you want to keep it with you I understand. Your room’s this way.”Murphy led Clarke down the hallway and pushed open the door. He then stepped aside, giving Clarke space to walk into it. She wrinkled her nose and Murphy couldn’t help but laugh. “Yeah, sorry about that. I tried to air it out as much as possible but the guy who lived here last was a fucking disaster.” Murphy paused to shudder. “I once saw him drop a forkful of spaghetti on the carpet and he just ate it off the floor. Noodle by fucking noodle. I should have kicked him out then and there.” Clarke actually chuckled and Murphy gave himself a mental pat on the back for distracting her, even for just a moment. He watched as Clarke looked around the room. She took a moment to pull the blinds down before sitting on the edge of the bed. “I know this all kind of blows,” Murphy said. “But you know Blake will do anything to keep you safe. Me too.”“Thanks, Murphy,” Clarke croaked. It had clearly been a while since she’d spoken. “This means a lot to me.” “I know what it’s like to have skeletons.” Murphy paused when he heard the front door unlock. He cleared his throat and shook off the bad memories. “Anyways, make yourself at home here. Blake and I are gonna have to get to the bar soon but you’ll be okay here.”Clarke still looked a little scared but she nodded. “I’ll be fine.”Murphy gave her a supportive grin. “Yeah, you will.” Bellamy chose that moment to darken the doorway with Clarke’s bag thrown over his shoulder. “What stinks?” He asked. Murphy and Clarke just shared a look and laughed.Bellamy kept his phone on him with the ringer turned up, just in case Clarke needed to call, but it remained quiet in his pocket all night. He knew that was a good sign, but somehow that didn’t make him feel better. He just couldn’t shake the feeling that he wasn’t doing  enough  to help. Sure, he gave her shelter, and Murphy seemed to have a knack for cheering her up. But that didn’t help in the long run. It wasn’t like he could hunt down her stalker, though. That would just be crazy. But after hearing her story it wasn’t just the stalker that was bothering him. He couldn’t get the way she talked about her old manager out of his head. There was just something not right about it. Closing time came before Bellamy knew it. He finished behind the bar then hid out in his office until Harper stepped in to grab her bag. “You almost done for the night?” She asked as she looped the strap over her shoulder. “Just about,” Bellamy said. “Hey, is Murphy still here?” “I think he’s still finishing up, want me to send him back on my way out?” “That’d be great. Thanks, Harper.” She gave him a little wave and walked out of the office. Bellamy could hear the murmur of their conversation, then the subtle open and closing of the front door. “It’s just us,” Murphy said as he collapsed into the chair on the other side of Bellamy’s desk. “What’s on your mind?” Bellamy gave him an annoyed look and Murphy added, “besides the obvious.”“There is just something about her old manager that isn’t sitting right with me,” Bellamy admitted. “And his pervy son.”“Are we sure he’s pervy?” Murphy asked. “I assume so,” Bellamy replied. Murphy stood up and walked around the desk. “There is one way to find out,” he pushed at Bellamy’s shoulder, “move over.”Bellamy stood up, giving Murphy his chair, but stayed close to look over his friend’s shoulder. “What was his name?” Murphy asked, fingers poised to type it into the search bar. “Uhh, Dante,” Bellamy said. Murphy typed it in. “Last name?”Bellamy had to think back to their conversation and came up blank. “I don’t think she said.”“Okay, not the best but not the worst either. What was his kid's name?” “Cage,” Bellamy told him. He watched as Murphy typed in the names plus talent manager. It took a few minutes, and twice as many misclicks, but eventually they found an old article about Dante Wallace, manager to the stars, and his emerging-director son, Cage. Now that they knew their names they were able to do a more targeted search. They looked up Dante first, but there wasn’t much out there on him. He seemed to have pretty much fallen off the map around the time Clarke must have left him. Next, they searched for Cage. His name yielded a few more results. Mostly they were artistic reviews of some of his more recent films. Apparently he was considered esoteric and experimental, whatever that meant. But they saw no mention of Clarke, and Bellamy would be able to rationalize that since it was a while ago and Clarke had been so young, but that didn’t explain why she was so freaked out by it still. “When was she working with them?” Murphy asked.“She said she was young, so at least a decade ago. Maybe more.” Bellamy watched as Murphy added some words to his search. Another couple of minutes ticked by. “I think I got something,” Murphy said. “I’ve never dived so deep in google before but here we are. Some guy posted it on a subreddit.”Murphy opened the file and a movie started to play. It was clearly meant to be artistic, but to Bellamy, it just looked low-budget. The opening title sequence just showed a long panning shot of a forest with small cabins in the distance. Eventually, the camera landed on a wooden sign welcoming them to Camp Weather. “Are we sure this is the one?” Bellamy asked.“Just give it a minute,” Murphy replied. On the screen, a bus pulled up and a bunch of teens spilled out of it. They were greeted by a frankly huge man. He was thanking them all for signing up as counselors when the camera locked on one specific face. “That’s her!” Bellamy said. There was no doubt in his mind that the girl was Clarke, even though she looked to be only about fifteen. Her hair was longer, and it was dyed a brown so dark it was nearly black. She was looking up at the guy with a shy smile on her face. They watched the movie in silence for a while before Murphy asked, “is she embarrassed ‘cause this movie sucks?” “Seems like a silly thing to get embarrassed over,” Bellamy said. While Bellamy agreed that the movie was  not  great, there was something else about it that bothered him. Maybe it was the intense focus on Clarke and the older camp director. Half an hour into the movie Clarke was in the kitchens alone, cleaning up after dinner when the camp director showed up.  “Anne put you on kitchen duty again, huh?”  he asked her. Clarke was at the sink and the guy leaned against the counter next to her. He was at least a foot taller than her and looked nearly four times as wide.  “I guess that’s the curse of being the new kid, eh Janie?”  Bellamy had a bad feeling for where this was going and he hoped to god he was wrong. “It’s not so bad,”  Clarke said.  “Tyler has to clean the  toilets."  The older guy laughed.  “Well, you can thank me for that. I figured someone as sweet as you doesn’t deserve that.” “Oh no,” Murphy whispered. Bellamy could see him move his hand up to cover his mouth in shock.  “That’s really nice of you, Paul.”  The guy reached for the sponge in Clarke’s hand and threw it into the sink.  “You make me want to do all kinds of nice things.”  Bellamy watched as one meaty paw moved to the hem of Clarke’s Camp Weather t-shirt before he snapped out of it and slammed the laptop shut. “Fuck,” he swore. “Was that…”“Porn?”Bellamy’s head shot up and was mortified to see Clarke standing in the doorway. Her facial expression was totally blank. “Yeah,” she laughed and it was so hollow that Bellamy almost shivered. “Hell of a way to lose your virginity, too.”She didn’t give them a chance to respond before the turned around and walked calmly out of the room.



Chapter End Notes
TW: Underage pornography parading as an independent film. In a subreddit, Bellamy and Murphy find a movie directed by Cage when Clarke was a teenager. It starts innocently, but it becomes clear that the film is pornographic in nature between Clarke and Gustus. Nothing graphic is described but Bellamy and Murphy are obviously disturbed. They close the laptop as soon as they realize. In the end, Clarke shows up and says it was how she lost her virginity. Then she leaves.I'm sorry. You can yell at me in the comments.


Chapter 12
Chapter Notes
TW for discussion of past sexual assault and drug use. Detailed but not explicit. Full warning at the end. Begins when Murphy says it would be better if he talked to her and goes until they hug at the end of the first section.Also, Dax is gross. Sorry.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Clarke liked being at Murphy’s house. 

It was cozy and she was comforted by the fact that it was a little secluded. Plus, Murphy made sure she knew that all the windows and doors were locked before leaving. And she had his bat with her. 

That didn’t mean Emerson wasn’t on her mind. She just chose not to focus on that. 

Clarke was reading her book, waiting for Murphy to get home. She looked up at the clock and realized it was much later than she thought. They were well past closing time, and it didn’t normally take very long to close up. 

She knew it was her imagination running wild, but Clarke found herself terrified that something had happened to them. She tried to tell herself she was being unreasonable, but that didn’t stop her from coming up with worst-case scenarios. 

Before he left Murphy gave her a set of keys to a junker car he kept for emergencies. 

Surely he wouldn’t mind if she took it out to check on them. 

She threw on her jacket and grabbed the keys. She just barely resisted bringing the bat with her too. 

The drive to the bar was fast and when she parked it became clear that they were locked up. The lights were off and the chairs were all flipped up. But she could see Murphy’s bike there so clearly he was still around. 

Clarke pushed on the door and was surprised when it swung right open. She made a mental note to tell them how dangerous that was, all things considered. 

She walked into the office and came to an abrupt halt when she heard a very familiar voice. 


“You make me want to do all kinds of nice things.”

 

Shame. 

So much fucking shame. 

Clarke felt herself shut down, so when Bellamy asked, “was that…” she had no problem finishing his thought. 

“Porn?” Both of the men looked up at her, surprised. “Hell of a way to lose your virginity, too.”

Fuck. 

Clarke had never felt so low. 

She couldn’t stand looking at them so she turned around and walked out of the office. 

Her feet carried her blindly out of the bar, where she turned left and just kept walking. She didn’t think about the car that she left behind or the men that were no doubt disgusted with her now. She just walked, hoping her feet had some 

goddamn 

clue as to what she should do now. 

No way Bellamy would want to help her now. 

Murphy would probably want her to move out. 

Clarke felt a presence behind her and turned, ready to accept whatever else fate decided to throw at her. 

It was Murphy. 

“Oh, I was expecting Bellamy,” she said. 

“Believe me, he wanted to follow you. But I told him it would be better if it was me,” Murphy said. 

“And why is that?” Clarke asked. 

Murphy shrugged like he wanted to come off nonchalant, but something about the way he looked at her seemed anything but. “Because I don’t think Bellamy knows what it’s like to get raped, and I do.” 

Clarke blinked, and in that second all of her emotions came flooding back. She felt tears prick at her eyes and she closed the distance between them to wrap her arms around Murphy’s waist. He took a deep, shuddering breath and embraced her back. 

They stood that way, hugging in the dark, until Clarke felt she had her tears under control. 

“Have you told anyone?” Murphy asked.

Clarke wiped her face before replying. “I didn’t want anyone to know. They told me it was just a job, that it was just how things worked. I didn’t even realize how bad it was until I got on the show. And then I just felt so 

dumb

. How could I have fallen for something so stupid?”
“You were a kid, Clarke,” Murphy said. It made her wince. “You shouldn’t have had to know. You shouldn’t have been put you in that position. That man raped you.”
Clarke felt a half-deranged laugh escape. “You want to know what’s fucked up? I don’t even blame Gustus. When I have nightmares about that day all I hear is Cage’s voice. Telling me how good I looked, and how much people were going to love me.” Clarke shook her head, trying to erase the memories. It didn’t work. “I can’t talk about this anymore.”

“Probably my turn then,” Murphy said with an attempt at a smile. “But let’s get back to my house. Cause if I’m going to tell this story I’m gonna need a drink.”

“You don’t have to,” Clarke said. 

“You showed me yours. It’s only fair if I show you mine.” He held out his hand, and Clarke took it with her own. 

Murphy led her back to the bar and opened the passenger side door of the car for her before walking around and getting behind the wheel. Murphy started the car and then reached over with his right hand to take hers again. They drove to the house in a silence neither were willing to break. 

Once they were back at the house Murphy checked all the doors and windows while Clarke got a pot of water boiling on the stove. Murphy said he needed a drink, probably something hard, but Clarke really needed a cup of tea. She knew from experience that liquor was the worst thing for her when she was in this kind of mood. 

As she expected, Murphy grabbed a bottle of Johnny Walker and poured himself a glass. 

Clarke fixed her cup of tea and they moved towards the living room together. There weren’t as many spots to sit like at Bellamy’s, so they ended up on the loveseat, both sitting cross-legged and leaning against opposite armrests. 

“I was in high school,” Murphy eventually said. “I wasn’t having the best couple of years. Dead dad, drunk mom. I fell into a bad crowd. And there was this girl. Ontari.”

He paused to take a big gulp of his drink.

“We’d gone to school since we were kids, so she knew that I hadn’t always been a piece of shit. I guess she thought it was funny to see how far she could get me to fall. She got me to smoke pot, then we would skip school to smoke and drink.” He finished his drink and grabbed the bottle to pour himself another. “Eventually she got me into pills.”

“I think I knew deep down that I hated her, but she made it so she was the only one I had. Even the other burnouts wanted nothing to do with us. And I didn’t really have a parent to look out for me,” He said. “This one day we were out at this abandoned warehouse and she convinced me to shoot up. Not that it was very difficult for her. Anyway, it was a lot to handle and I passed out.”

Clarke reached out and put a hand on his knee. She could just tell that he needed the support. 

“I woke up and she was on top of me. It felt good. For like a 

second

. Then I realized what she was doing and tried to get her off,” he paused and closed his eyes. “The drugs made me so weak I couldn’t.”

“I’m so sorry, Murphy,” Clarke whispered.

“After, she just got up like nothing had happened. She tucked me back into my jeans and leaned down to kiss me. Then she left.” He stopped again, this time to rub a hand over his face. “God, I was still so fucking high. I couldn’t move for, like, an hour. I just had to lay there, replaying what happened.”

“Did you tell anyone?” Clarke asked. 

“No,” he said, shaking his head. “I didn’t think anyone would care. They would assume we did that shit all the time. I just… moved on. I stopped the hard stuff, started going to school again, eventually, I graduated and got the hell out of dodge.”

Clarke took a sip of her tea. It was too cold, but she needed something to occupy her. 

“Thank you,” she eventually said, “For sharing with me. I’ve never been able to talk with anybody about this stuff. Can I… can I hug you?”

Murphy just opened his arms. Clarke closed the small distance between them and wrapped her arms around Murphy’s chest. She didn’t seek out comfort often, but whenever she did she realized how much she missed it. It surprised her how quickly Murphy and Bellamy had cemented themselves in her life. Just thinking of Bellamy filled her with nerves again. 

“Is Bellamy going to be disgusted with me?” She found herself asking. 

Murphy pulled away so he could look her in the eyes when he said, “There is nothing you could do to make Bellamy disgusted with you. He’s the most loyal person I know. You’re part of his clan now, Clarke. And that’s a lifelong gig.” 

Clarke, too overwhelmed and relieved to speak, just hugged him again.

Dax was at the welcome desk when he got the Skype call. He answered right away if only to get those annoying beeps and boops to shut the fuck up. 

“Any news?” The guy asked as soon as they were connected. 

“She moved out of Blake’s house,” Dax said. “I bet she’s with Murphy. No doubt the slut’s making it worth their while.”

The guy tsk’d. “You’ve been a great help to me, Dax. I would never have found her if you hadn’t reached out.” 

“As long as our deal still stands.” Dax crossed his arms and stared the guy down. 

He nodded and smiled; the scarred skin on his cheek stretched and pulled unnaturally. “Once I get her away from 

them

, I will give you the chance to taste her. You have my word.” 

Dax returned the smile with a salacious one of his own. “I’ll send you his address.”

The day after the ‘incident’ Clarke and Murphy drove to work together. Bellamy was already there, and he waved at them from behind the bar as they made their way to the kitchen. 

Clarke had only been staying at Murphy’s for a couple of days but she already found she missed Bellamy. But after last night she wasn’t sure if she was allowed. Murphy said it was all okay, but she wouldn’t be able to completely believe him until she talked to Bellamy herself. 

However, she found herself too scared to do it right away, so instead, she hid out in the kitchen. She dove right into prepping for the night and didn’t even complain when Murphy put on some strange 

country yodeling music

. She knew he was just doing it to make her laugh, or get some kind of rise out of her, but she couldn’t do either. Eventually, he gave up and turned on something more mellow that just faded into background noise. 

Harper and Bryan showed up to open the front and before Clarke knew it they were in the middle of the dinner rush. 

Clarke was thankful for it. She and Murphy were too busy trying to get food out as soon as possible to hold any kind of conversation. Even Harper, who always seemed to be chatty, could sense the sour mood and didn’t try to talk much. 

Everything died down around eleven. Clarke watched from the kitchen window as Bellamy cleaned the bar before disappearing to his office. 

“Murphy?” Clarke asked. “Do you mind if I go talk to Bellamy for a minute?” 

“Go ahead,” her friend replied. “I’ve got it from here.”

Clarke managed to give him a smile in thanks. She pulled off her apron and hung it on the hook by the door. Harper and Bryan were still around, but they paid her no mind as she slipped down the hallway towards Bellamy’s office. 

She stopped in front of the door and took a deep breath. Then she knocked. 

“Come in!”

Clarke felt herself relax just slightly at the ease in Bellamy’s voice. She pushed the door open and went directly to the chair opposite Bellamy. 

“Hey.” Bellamy sounded normal. Not at all disgusted, which was a good sign. “You okay?”

Clarke shrugged. “I don’t know. I mean… you know about the worst thing I’ve ever done. Aren’t you… grossed out by me? Or something?” 

“No! Not at all.” Bellamy stood up and walked around the desk so he could lean against the front of it. “Clarke, what you were made to do was sick. But I don’t think 

you

 are sick. It was them. The Wallaces. They used you.”

“I let them though,” Clarke argued. She could feel her eyes well with tears. “I didn’t want to do it, but I didn’t fight them.”

Bellamy finally reached out and placed a hand carefully on her shoulder. When Clarke didn’t jump or pull away he moved his hand down until he could twist their fingers together. 

“They were the ones with the power,” he said. “Clarke, they took advantage of you. Violated any trust you gave them. But you also got away. That means you’re strong.” 

He squeezed her hand, and Clarke finally looked him in the eye. 

“I’m not 

grossed out

 by you,” he promised. “I’m in awe of you.” 

And if that wasn’t exactly what Clarke needed to hear. She stood up, startling the man in front of her. Before he had time to react she was wrapping her arms around his neck and giving him a strong squeeze. He didn’t hesitate in wrapping his arms around her ribs. 

Clarke felt herself let out a shuddering breath and actually let out a little laugh. 

“I guess you know all of my secrets now, Bellamy Blake,” Clarke said as she pulled away. “I’d say you owe me one.”

“Wanna know my secret, Princess?” Bellamy grinned. “When I was in High School I let Octavia practice doing her hair and makeup on me. She especially liked glittery eye shadow. She still has pictures.” 

That got Clarke to really laugh, in a way that she hadn’t in a very long time. 

There was a knock at the door and then Murphy was ducking his head in the room. “We’re done out here. Harper and Bryan already left and if you’re both ready we can head out.”

Bellamy grabbed his coat and followed Clarke out of the office. Clarke collected her things and the three of them walked out to the sidewalk. Bellamy locked up the doors and Murphy walked towards his car. Clarke took a step to follow Murphy then turned back to Bellamy. She wanted to say something but didn’t know what. Thankfully, Murphy was more observant than anyone gave him credit for. 

“Blake,” he called from where he stood by the car. “I got a bottle of Jack back at the house. Wanna come back for a drink?” 

Bellamy turned to Clarke and raised an eyebrow in silent question. Clarke nodded. 

“Sounds good,” Bellamy said. 

Clarke climbed into the passenger seat and Bellamy got into the seat behind her. 

The drive back to Murphy’s was quiet, but not uncomfortable. That changed when they pulled up to the house and saw the white piece of paper taped to the door. 

“Not again,” Clarke whispered. She jumped from the car, Murphy and Bellamy were hot on her heels. She yanked it off, not at all surprised by the words she saw. 

FOUND YOU.




Chapter End Notes
TW: Clarke talks about the rape, and how she has nightmares about Cage. To help her not feel alone, Murphy tells her about how he was pressured into drug use and raped by Ontari in high school.


Chapter 13
Chapter Notes
Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole. Normally. ;)And we have a chapter count now!TW in endnotes.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





“That 

motherfucker

 was at my house!” Murphy seethed as soon as they were inside. Clarke was sitting silently in the living room, while Bellamy checked that the windows and doors were all locked. 

“This is all my fault,” Clarke whispered. She had her arms wrapped around herself, scrunching her whole body up to make it seem as small as possible. She should have known this would happen. 

“No,” Murphy said, “Fuck that. Fuck him. Does he think he can terrorize you? Not on our fucking watch.”

“Clarke,” Bellamy said softly as soon as he walked back into the living room. “We gotta get you out of here.”

“But where would we go?” Her voice was quiet. She was scared, even with these two men acting as protectors. 

Clarke watched as Bellamy and Murphy shared a look. Then Murphy had a perfect idea. “Miller!” 

“What?” Bellamy asked. 

“Miller! He was telling me about how he used to take fishing trips with his dad.” Bellamy still looked confused, so Murphy continued. “His dad had a cabin, dipshit. Outside of town up in the mountains.”

Murphy pulled out his phone and dialed Miller. He left the room, but Clarke could just barely make out his words as he basically demanded the use of the cabin. 

Bellamy was still near her. He had crouched down in front of her. It seemed like this was a normal move for him. 

“You need to pack a bag,” Bellamy said. “I know I said I would keep you safe, and I haven’t been able to but I 

promise

 I will not let him get you. Not again.”

Clarke brushed away a tear that slipped down her face as she said, “I’m really not worth this trouble. I should just get on a bus and you can be done with me.”

“Yeah, that’s not gonna happen,” Bellamy said with a wry grin. Clarke, unbelievably, found herself returning it. “Go pack. I’m gonna steal some stuff from Murphy and then we can hit the road.” 

Clarke stretched out her legs and stood. She passed Murphy on her way to her room. He was off the phone and throwing clothes into a bag. “Miller is going to meet us there,” he told her. She was half tempted to refuse more people getting involved but realized it was a lost cause. 

Packing only took a few minutes. By the time she was zipping up her back and walking back to the living room both Murphy and Bellamy were waiting. 

“Your chariot awaits, Princess,” Bellamy said. He took Clarke’s bag and opened the front door. 

They piled into the car with Murphy driving, Clarke in the passenger seat, and Bellamy in the back. 

Murphy tossed Clarke his cellphone, which was already hooked up to the stereo. “Normally it's the driver's choice in this car,” he explained. “But I think I can make an exception this time.” 

Clarke wasn’t in the mood for anything bop-y, so she put on a Hozier playlist. She was able to relax in her seat as she listened to the melancholy tunes. She could hear Bellamy sing along quietly behind her and it brought a smile to her lips. Somehow, despite everything, Clarke found herself drifting off.


Miller and Bryan were sitting together in the living room when they saw headlights approaching the cabin. 

“Do you have any idea why they needed to go off the grid here?” Bryan asked sleepily while hiding a yawn behind his hand. 

“No idea,” Miller said. Normally, when Murphy called with outrageous requests Miller demanded answers. But this time there was something in his voice that shut Miller up. And if they needed the cabin so badly, he was going to help. 

The lights shut off, and Miller went to the front door to let them in. Murphy got out of the car first and went around to the trunk to pull out three bags. Then Bellamy got out of the back. Miller watched as he opened the passenger side door and carefully lifted a sleeping Claire into his arms. 

Miller opened the front door wider so Bellamy could make it into the cabin without bumping Claire on his way. “Bedroom?” He asked in a whisper. 

“Down the hall. The second door on the right,” Miller told him. Bellamy just nodded and walked down the hallway. 

Murphy came in after them and dropped the bags on the floor. 

“Hope you’re okay with the couch or recliner,” Miller said. 

“At this point, I could pass out on the porch.” Murphy took two steps and fell face-first on the couch. 

“Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on?” Miller asked. Beside him, Bryan nodded his head in support. 

Bellamy reappeared and collapsed on the La-Z-Boy. “Soon. It’s not our story to tell. I promise we’ll fill you in in the morning.”

Miller and Bryan shared a look. Clearly, their friends weren’t going to spill the beans. They would just have to keep their curiosity at bay. Just for a few more hours.


When Clarke woke, the sun was just starting to peek through the trees outside the window. She was confused for a moment before she remembered the night before: the note, Bellamy and Murphy’s anger, the drive to Miller’s dad’s cabin. At some point, she must have fallen asleep in the car and was brought inside. 

Given how traumatic finding that note had been it was astounding that she had been able to sleep at all, let alone so peacefully. 

She slipped out from under the covers and looked around for her bag. She spotted it sitting in an armchair in the corner of the room. Another minute later and she had slipped out of her clothes from the night before and into a pair of sweats and a sweater that she might have taken from Bellamy’s house. 

The rest of the house was quiet when she stepped out of the room. There was another door across the hall and she could hear not-so-soft snores coming from the other side. 

She padded down the stairs and with every step the smell of freshly brewed coffee grew stronger. A cup of good coffee sounded perfect. 

In the living room, she saw Bellamy asleep in an armchair. His neck was cricked at an uncomfortable angle that made Clarke hurt, but he still looked peaceful. Then he shivered and Clarke realized how cold it was in the room. Her eyes wandered to the couch where Murphy was bundled under every blanket imaginable. Clarke rolled her eyes and wandered back up to her room and grabbed the comforter from her bed. 

Back in the living room she carefully covered Bellamy with her blanket and he let out a little contented sign that made the effort worth it. 

Clarke had forgotten about the maker of the coffee until she heard a soft, “aww,” from behind her. 

She spun around and spotted Miller seated casually at a kitchen table. 

“Oh,” Clarke said as she felt blood rush to her face. “I didn’t see you there.”

“Clearly,” Miller said with a tired smile. He lifted his mug to his mouth and took a sip. “Coffee’s fresh. There’s creamer in the fridge and sugar by the pot. Help yourself.”

Clarke did just that. She walked over to the pot and grabbed a random mug with an Acadia National Park logo on it. She filled the mug with the piping hot coffee and added a little sweet cream creamer from the surprisingly large stash of flavors. 

She wandered back to the table but before she could sit down Miller stood up and motioned for her to follow him. He walked out the front door and took a seat at an Adirondack chair on the porch. Clarke mirrored him, sitting in another. 

It was chilly, but the view was breathtaking. The sun was just cresting the tops of the trees, making the dew stand out in golden light. Clarke felt a wave of contentment and took a sip of her coffee. 

“So,” Miller said. Clarke turned to him and wasn’t surprised to see the no-nonsense look on his face. “I know you probably don’t want to tell me, but I think I deserve some kind of explanation about what the fuck is happening. Look, I don’t want you to think I won’t help, cause I will. But I need to protect my own too.”

Clarke nodded. “I know. You deserve to know. I’ve wanted to tell you all for a while. I was just scared.” She paused and actually laughed. “Which is funny considering what else I have to be scared about.” She took another sip of coffee. “Where should I start?”

“The beginning would be nice,” Miller said and Clarke turned to see his face warming a little. 

“My name isn’t Claire.” Clarke watched the shock cross Miller’s face and figured it was best to just continue. “It’s Clarke. Clarke Griffin. I’m… well I’m an actor. Bellamy recognized me the first night I showed up. I was running because someone has been stalking me. Threatening me, really. But then he found me at Bellamy’s so they moved me to Murphy’s. I found another letter yesterday. That’s why we’re here.”

Miller didn’t speak right away. Clearly he was trying to process everything. Eventually, he did and said, “Well, shit.” 

“Yeah,” Clarke agreed. “Believe me, I don’t want to cause anyone harm. I was ready to run when I found the first note at Bellamy’s, but I don’t know. I guess I liked it here, and I didn’t want to lose that. But if you don’t want to take the risk of hiding me here, I’ll go.”

“I’m not gonna do that,” Miller said. “I think Bellamy would kill me if I turned you away.” He 

winked 

at her. “Who’s the guy stalking you?”

“Carl Emerson. He hates me because of something my mom did.”

“Well, that seems unfair,” Miller joked. 

“Tell me about it,” Clarke quipped back. 

There were a few moments of quiet where they just watched the sunrise and sipped their coffees. 

Eventually, Miller broke it. “So you’re famous? Does that mean you know Sebastian Stan? Is he really that tall? Bryan thinks he wears lifts.”

Clarke laughed. “I’m not that famous. I was on a soap opera. We didn’t really run in the same circles.”

Miller laughed with her for a moment before freezing. “Wait, you were in a soap opera? And Bellamy recognized you? Oh, that is hilarious.” 

Clarke felt a little bad about outing Bellamy as a soap opera enthusiast, but it was going to get out eventually. 

Miller was still laughing when the front door opened and Bryan appeared. “What’s so funny?” He asked sleepily. 

Miller gestured to Clarke. “Babe, this is Clarke Griffin, she’s really an actor on 

Bellamy’s favorite soap opera

.” 

Bryan stared for a moment, then giggled. “That is hilarious. Do you know Sebastian Stan?”


The next couple of days passed uneventfully. They didn’t have internet service, so they spent time playing board games and watching old VHS tapes. Murphy made fun of Miller’s collection of Disney movies, but Clarke could tell he secretly loved them. One night they watched Tarzan and she spotted him mouthing along to the entire thing. Then the next morning she heard him singing that Trashing The Camp song while he made breakfast. 

Miller and Bryan proved to be great friends. Once they stopped asking her every question they could think of about their various celebrity crushes, they went back to treating her like they treated Claire. 

Clarke was humbled and would be beyond happy under normal circumstances. But these were not. 

She could tell the boys were trying to comfort her. And she appreciated their efforts. But Clarke could not shake the feeling of danger. Her instincts were still telling her to run. She wouldn’t though. 

More and more she found that was because of Bellamy. 

One night, after Miller and Bryan went to bed, Clarke stayed up to watch a movie with him and Murphy. She and Bellamy sat together on the couch and left Murphy to sit in the recliner. Murphy picked Night At The Roxbury, much to Bellamy’s chagrin, but he was snoring by the time Doug and Steve were getting ready for a night on the town. 

Bellamy looked over at this friend and rolled his eyes. 

“You’d think he’d stay up to watch this stupid movie since he wanted to watch it so bad.”

“We don’t have to keep watching if you don’t want to,” Clarke said with a shrug. 

Bellamy sighed and reached for the remote. “Thank god.” 

Clarke felt herself chuckle as the tv buzzed and turned dark. 

They sat in silence for a moment before Bellamy asked, “Do you want to take a walk?” 

Clarke looked outside where it was dark and a little spooky. Still, she found herself nodding. They stood up from the couch and tiptoed to the front door. As quietly as possible, not to disturb Murphy, they slipped on their boots and walked out. Before closing the front door Bellamy grabbed the shotgun they’d propped beside it. Clarke didn’t normally like guns, but she did appreciate the protection. 

He didn’t finish loading the gun but instead walked with the bent barrel over his elbow. 

They wandered around the property in silence, aside from the sounds of insects and critters going about their business around them. The moon was high in the sky, washing everything in a cool, bluish tint. Surprisingly, it only took a few minutes for Clarke to feel entirely peaceful for the first time since she saw the letter at Murphy’s. 

“Are you okay?” Bellamy asked quietly before tacking on, “Considering?” 

“I am now,” Clarke said. “It’s really nice out here.”

Bellamy turned towards the lake, and Clarke felt happy following him. 

When they made it to the dock they wordlessly decided to walk to the end. Once there, Clarke sat down at the end. The tips of her boots just barely skimmed the surface. Bellamy sat down beside her, setting the gun safely off to the side. It was cooler that close to the water, so Clarke didn’t feel bad scooting closer to Bellamy than she normally would. 

The stillness of the water helped soothe the irritated parts of Clarke's psyche. It really was incredible. After a few minutes, she felt calm enough to lean against Bellamy’s side. She felt him freeze for a second before tentatively moving his arm around her back. 

They let the silence continue for another few minutes. Clarke let herself just enjoy the closeness to another person. It had been so long, she almost forgot how much she liked it. It had a soft sort of intimacy to it that was almost impossible to replicate. 

“I don’t think you realize how much you’ve helped me these past few weeks,” she said finally. She kept her voice quiet, not wanting to disturb the moment. “I don’t know how I could ever thank you.”

“You don’t have to thank me, Clarke,” Bellamy said, his voice equally quiet. 

“I do,” Clarke said. “You took me in when you didn’t need to. Even when you knew how dangerous it was. You gave me shelter and a home. And 

friends

. I don’t have many of those. I just… I don’t like to think about where I would be right now if I hadn’t walked into your bar that day.” 

Clarke turned towards Bellamy and waited until he did the same. 

“Thank you. For everything.” Feeling bold, she reached over and took his free hand in her own. Instinctively, she laced their fingers together. 

Bellamy smiled at her delicately and squeezed her fingers. “You’re welcome.”


Emerson’s first stop after realizing that bitch had run from him 

again

 was the shitty motel. It was late, so he figured Dax would be there. He parked in front of the office and climbed out of his car. The office smelled like cigarettes and body odor. Emerson wrinkled his nose in disgust. Dax, who was behind the counter, didn’t seem to notice. 

“She’s gone,” Emerson snapped. “Where would they go?”

Dax shrugged. “I don’t know where else she would go. Maybe with those fairies who work at the bar? Not that they would be very interested in what she had to offer but who knows. Maybe they’re more fucked up than I thought.”

Emerson growled. “I’ve been to their homes. They’re clearly gone.”

“Give me a sec,” Dax said as he started typing something into the computer. Emerson paced restlessly. 

Was it too much to just find the bitch? The little cat and mouse game they’d been playing had been fun but he was growing bored. It was time for it to come to an end. 

“I might have something,” Dax said. “One of the fairies has a cabin. Well, his dad does. Figured they might be hiding out.”

“Is there an address?” Emerson asked. The idea of hunting her down in the woods held some promise. 

“No, but it’s up near the lake,” Dax said. “I’m sure you can find it pretty easily.” 

“Perfect. I appreciate your help.” Emerson turned to walk back to his car. He needed to pick up some supplies before tracking her down. 

“Don’t forget our deal, Emerson!” Dax called as he walked out of the office. 

Emerson rolled his eyes. That piece of shit was crazy if he thought Emerson was going to honor that. 

Clarke Griffin was 

his

.




Chapter End Notes
TW: homophobic slurs in the last part cause Dax. Also, 3 thoughts... 1) Aww! Cuties on the dock! 2) Night At The Roxbury sux don't fight me on this and 3) Thank God I don't have to type Claire anymore. lol.


Chapter 14
Chapter Notes
Shit gets real.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Clarke woke late the next morning. 


The night before, she and Bellamy had spent at least an hour sitting on the dock, just silently appreciating each other’s company. 


They walked back to the house around midnight. After saying goodnight to Bellamy, Clarke went to her room and found herself lying on her bed unable to sleep. 


It wasn’t a new feeling. Not by a long shot. Clarke could barely remember a time when she didn’t suffer from sleeplessness. 


But as she laid there, she hadn’t felt like fear or bad memories were keeping her awake. 


It was hopefulness. 


That 

was

 a new feeling. 


While the life she had run away from wasn’t all bad, she did enjoy her work and had some good friends, she still wouldn’t allow herself to hope for much. But somehow, Bellamy had wormed his way past her defenses and made her think 

what if

? 


What if she stayed? Could she be Claire and be happy?


What if Emerson was captured and she could go back to how things were, would the relationships she built here still exist?


What if Bellamy wanted more?


What if she did?


So she found herself battling a hopefulness that she could maybe hang on to a few of the good things she had built while running away. 


It wasn’t until the sun was starting to peak out that she managed to fall asleep. 


A knock at the door broke Clarke out of her stupor and she realized she had been staring at the ceiling for the last thirty minutes. 


“Clarke?” Bellamy called through the door softly. “You awake?”


Clarke sat up in the bed and leaned against the headboard. “Yeah. You can come in.”


Bellamy pushed the door open and gave Clarke a shy smile. “You missed breakfast,” he said, taking a few more steps before sitting down by Clarke’s feet. 


Clarke blushed. “Oops.” Bellamy chuckled at her. “I didn’t mean to sleep so late.” 


The look Bellamy gave her was almost understanding. “Are you hungry? Murphy probably wouldn’t mind making something up.”


“He doesn’t have to do that,” Clarke said, waving the idea away. “But coffee would be nice.”


Bellamy smacked his hand on the mattress and stood. “Coffee it is. I’ll get a pot brewing.”


“Thanks, Bell,” Clarke said. “I’ll be right down.” 


He gave her a grin and left the room, closing the door behind him with a soft click.


Clarke pushed the covers off and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. She stretched, working out the stiff muscles in her back. She crossed the room to her duffle bag and pulled out jeans and an oversized sweater. As she pulled on the sweater she realized it wasn’t one of hers. By the size, it was most likely Bellamy’s. She should probably return it, but after coming to the realization that she may be developing certain 

feelings

 for him she decided to allow herself the small comfort. 


After slipping her feet into a pair of soft slippers she made her way out of the bedroom. Miller and Bryan were sitting beside each other on the couch, each reading from different books, while Bellamy and Murphy were talking quietly in the kitchen. 


“She lives!” Murphy yelled obnoxiously once he saw Clarke. Bellamy cuffed him on the back of his head but was laughing too. 


“Shut up, Murphy,” Clarke sassed back. 


Bellamy pushed past his friend towards the coffee pot and poured Clarke a cup. He even fixed it up the way she liked before handing it over. 


“Thanks,” Clarke said after taking a sip. It was perfect. “Do we have any plans today?”


“Pretty much the same plans we’ve had,” Murphy said. “I think Miller and Bryan were going to go fishing at some point. I was going to try out some new menu items later if you want to lend a hand.” 


“Sounds like fun,” Clarke said. “Let me know when you’re ready.”


For the next couple of hours, Clarke mostly sat around with Miller and Bryan, watching movies and reading old magazines while Bellamy and Murphy talked business in the kitchen. Every once and a while she allowed herself to look at Bellamy, and wonder about last night’s what-ifs.


Bellamy was standing with his back to her and leaning over the kitchen counter. He was wearing a tight grey t-shirt and black jeans. His feet were bare. One ankle was crossed behind the other and Clarke was oddly captivated by the graceful arch of his foot. From across the room, Clarke could appreciate the stretch of cotton across his shoulders and the narrow taper of his waist. 


Without a doubt, Bellamy was an attractive man. 


But it wasn’t just his looks that Clarke was drawn too. 


Last night, when she spoke of his protectiveness and character, she wasn’t exaggerating. He was the type of person Clarke could only dream of meeting. After spending the last few years in Hollywood Clarke could count the number of people she trusted on one hand. Now, after only over a month here, that number was doubled. 


Part of her wanted to allow herself to fantasize about what it would be like with him. He would be a great partner; both attentive and fun. A more vocal part, however, reminded herself that even if he wanted that, she couldn’t because she was so 

damaged

. 


That though was like a cold shower. 


She was more subdued after that. 


It was almost two o’clock when Murphy called to Clarke from the kitchen. 


“Ready for some R and D?” 


Clarke nodded and tossed her magazine on the coffee table. Bellamy was still in the kitchen, but he had moved to sit at the counter with his laptop in front of him. At some point, he had slipped on reading glasses. Clarke had to force herself to look away. 


Murphy pulled a small chef’s knife from the block and got to cutting up some sweet potatoes for fries. “Want to throw together a marinade?” He used his knife to gesture to a pile of ingredients. Clarke looked at them and saw a piece of paper among them, with approximate amounts. 


“What are we making?” She asked. Before she got to work Clarke moved to wash her hands in the sink. 


“Chicken wings,” Murphy said with a grin, knocking his shoulder into Clarke’s as she passed. Then he pointed his knife at Bellamy. “I’m not letting you shoot this down again. Wings can be bougie as fuck, Blake.” 


Bellamy held his hands up in surrender. “Fine, fine. You win, 

John

.” 


The house settled into a jumble of white noise. Clarke mixed up fish sauce, sugar, garlic, and various herbs and spices. Murphy wandered over and used a spoon to taste the mixture. He gave it a thumbs up and dumped a bunch of chicken wings in the bowl. She stirred everything together with a wooden spoon, making sure every piece of meat was coated in the marinade. 


Murphy was tossing the cut potatoes in a bowl of saltwater. Everything needed to sit for a bit before they could be fried. Murphy went to sit next to Bellamy to talk business once more, so Clarke took the opportunity to take a much-desired shower. 


Since the cabin was small, with only one full bath, she wasn’t able to take as long as she would have liked. But still, it felt nice to rinse off under the hot spray. 


Clarke was in the middle of applying an off-brand coconut conditioner when she realized she was thinking about Bellamy again. 


“Fuck,” she swore under her breath. 


It seemed as if the night before had opened the floodgates and suddenly he was barely a second away from Clarke’s mind. 


Clarke may or may not be coming to terms with specific 

feelings

 for the guy, but that didn’t mean he would appreciate her extra attention or even reciprocate those specific feelings. 


She rinsed the conditioner out and promised herself that she would try to keep a handle on things. 


Once she was out of the shower she slipped into her same clothes, they weren’t that dirty after all, and wandered back to the main part of the house. Murphy was alone in the kitchen, frying up the wings and fries, and Bellamy was in the living room. 


Miller and Bryan were nowhere to be seen. 


“They went fishing,” Bellamy answered Clarke’s unasked question. “Want to pick a movie?”


“Sure,” Clarke said. She walked to the cabinet and pulled out the first 

Aladdin

 movie. Under it, she saw both sequels and was wondering if she could convince the guys to a little marathon. 


She put the VHS into the player and pushed play. Bellamy fast-forwarded the commercials from the couch while Clarke made herself comfortable on the other end of the couch. 


When the movie started playing Murphy whooped from the kitchen and yelled, “I hope this means we get to have a marathon. Love that turtle shit in the third one!” 


“You read my mind, Murphy!” Clarke yelled back. 


Thirty minutes later, Murphy brought lunch into the living room, before throwing himself into the armchair. 


They were finishing the first movie around the time Miller and Bryan got back. Murphy saw their catch and told them to put the fish in the cooler in the pantry. 


All five of them crowded the room to watch the second movie.


They took a break to fry up the fish for dinner then congregated with their plates to start the third. 


Clarke was enjoying herself, watching the movie and laughing with the boys when the lights cut out. 


Suddenly Clarke was reminded that she couldn’t have nice things. 


Because Emerson had found them.



It wasn’t difficult for Emerson to find the house. 


He parked his car a mile away, on a long-abandoned road, grabbed his bag, and made his way on foot. It didn’t take him long, especially because he didn’t have to try to remain quiet. The woods were good for one thing at least.


The house was surrounded on three sides by woods, with the lake off to one side. There were plenty of great vantage spots, but Emerson’s favorite was in the V of two large oak trees, with a view of the entire front of the house. From his hiding spot, he watched them. 


Clarke Griffin was there. So was Bellamy Blake and John Murphy. He sneered. They were joking and making the bitch smile. Someone like Clarke Griffin didn’t deserve to smile. Not in Emerson’s mind, anyway. She deserved to live her life in fear and self-loathing. There were also a couple of other guys there. Nathan Miller and his fairy boyfriend. 


These piss-poor excuses for men thought they could shelter her from her demons? 


No fucking way.


For most of the day, Emerson just watched. He circled the house, checking for exits, and made plans. From his pack, he pulled out an apple and some jerky. Inside Murphy was cooking them lunch. Clarke was there, working alongside him. He knocked his shoulder against hers and pointed a knife at Bellamy with a smile. For a second he imagined him using that knife on Clarke. He found himself grinning. 


That would be quite the sight. 


He passed the afternoon this way; just making sure he kept the five people in his sights, imagining all of the ways Clarke’s knights in shining armor could hurt her. At one point the Miller and the boyfriend left but they returned an hour later, smiling and carrying a net of fresh fish. 


The sun had set, shadowing the whole area in darkness, and he figured it was time to get to work. They were all sitting around a tv watching some shitty Disney movie and eating dinner, which meant their attention was elsewhere thankfully. He pulled out his switchblade and made his way to the cars. The tires were easy to slash and he reveled in the hiss of air as they deflated. He wanted to slash the spares too but didn’t want to risk an alarm going off. 


Carefully Emerson set down his bag and pulled out Clarke’s present. It was wrapped in one of her manager's t-shirts and tied shut with his daughter’s necklace. He tiptoed to the front of the house and set it just in front of the door. There was no way she could miss it. 


Then he walked to the back of the house where he spotted a fuse box earlier. Using his blade he cut the phone lines. He pulled a cell jammer out of his bag and turned it on before tossing it up on the roof. 


Finally, he cut the power. 


There was yelling inside the house. 


He grinned and ran back to his hiding spot. 


From the shadows, he reveled in the chaos.



Bellamy was in the kitchen. 


It quickly became clear that they weren’t alone anymore. 


The house phone was dead and none of their cell phones were working either. 


Miller and Bryan were watching Clarke in the living room while Murphy checked outside. He had the gun, but Bellamy was pretty sure Emerson wouldn’t be caught that easily. 


Bellamy looked over at Clarke and felt his heart crack in his chest. 


There had been something different about her all day. She hadn’t spoken or looked different, but the way she carried herself had seemed lighter somehow. And her smiles came just a little bit easier. But all of that change seemed to have been for nothing. She had shrunk so far into herself that she was barely visible on the couch. 


Murphy banged on the door, making Clarke jump. It was a necessary evil, though, since they had locked the door once he walked outside. 


Bellamy went to let him in and saw he was holding something in his hands. 


“Tires are slashed,” he said. He walked to the living room and set the bundle on the coffee table. “This was sitting on the porch.” 


Clarke reached out carefully and touched the arrowhead pendant hanging from whatever was tying it together. With shaking hands, she pulled it free and Bellamy realized it was a necklace. He wanted to ask, but something told him Clarke wouldn’t be explaining anytime soon. Next, she carefully unwrapped the bundle, this time revealing a t-shirt for a palace called Wonkru’s Pizzaria. She pulled the shirt to her nose and inhaled deeply. 


When all the drapings were removed it was clear that the thing on the coffee table was some kind of wooden box. 


Clarke’s hand shook when she picked it up. 


“I-” Her voice was choked up, and she needed to clear her throat before she could speak fully. “I need some space.” 


Without waiting for any of them to respond she picked up the box and carried it, the t-shirt, and the necklace to her room. She closed the door with a soft click and with it, all four men let out a collective breath. 


“What the hell are we going to do?” Bellamy asked, forcing himself to remain calm. He wanted to rage and yell and hunt the motherfucker down, but he knew that wouldn’t be the smartest move. 


Murphy was shaking when he responded, likely having an even harder time not reacting. “I say we kill him.”


“Yeah, smart move,” Miller said. “We need to call the cops.”


“How?” Bellamy snapped. “We have no phones, no cars, and the next closest house is miles away.”


“Well we can’t just sit here!” Murphy started pacing the small living room. 


“I’ll go,” Bryan said. Miller shot him a look. “I run every day. I can make it to the neighbors and call someone.”


“There is a psycho out there,” Miller pointed out. “He could kill you.”


“No offense,” Bryan said quietly, looking between Bellamy and Murphy. “But I don’t think this guy cares about me. Not if she’s here. It’s our only good option.” 


The other three men were quiet for a moment, considering it. 


“Miller, he’s right,” Bellamy said.


“I think so too,” Murphy added. Miller looked petulant but he was eventually nodded. 


“Fine. But you come right back,” Miller made his boyfriend promise. 


Bryan pulled on a thick sweatshirt and his running shoes. He gave Miller a long kiss goodbye before opening the front door and running into the darkness. Murphy locked the door behind him. 


“I’m going to check on Clarke,” Bellamy said. He walked quickly down the hallway to the bedrooms and knocked on hers softly. “Clarke?” 


There was no response and Bellamy felt his stomach turn to lead. 


He threw open the door and felt a rush of cold air. 


The room was empty and the window was wide open. 


Clarke was gone.



Echo’s necklace. 


Kane’s t-shirt. 


Her mother’s jewelry box.


Three things that belonged to three of the most important people in Clarke’s life. 


She was worried about what was inside, so she made sure she was alone before opening the box. 


There were three more things inside. A worn photo, a postcard, and a piece of paper. It was folded like one of those footballs kids used to pass notes in high school, and Clarke just knew it was from Emerson. 


She picked up the picture first and felt sick to her stomach. It was of a teenaged Bellamy with his arm wrapped around an even younger Octavia. Clarke recognized the picture. It normally sat on Bellamy’s bedside table. 


The postcard was also familiar. It was from Kauffman Stadium. It too was old, soft at the edges and starting to lose its color. One night a couple of weeks ago Murphy told her the story about going to a baseball game there with his dad before he passed. And when Clarke had moved into his house she had seen this postcard on the fridge. 


Finally, she opened the note. It was short; Emerson didn’t need a lot of words to terrify her. 


I’M TIRED OF THIS GAME. COME QUIETLY AND I WON’T KILL THEM. 


Clarke wanted to puke, but she didn’t have the luxury of time to do it. 


She walked softly to the door and opened it just a crack. The boys were still arguing in the living room. 


No part of Clarke wanted to die, which would surely happen when she found him, but she wasn’t about to sacrifice her friends. Their lives were worth more than hers. 


Carefully she opened the window and climbed out of it. 


Her feet had barely touched the ground when she felt him come up behind her. One arm wrapped around her waist while the other covered her mouth. 


“Good choice,” Emerson whispered sweetly against her cheek. Clarke shuddered in fear when she felt his hand slide up her sweater briefly. 


The hand retreated as quickly as it appeared. She felt a sharp sting as a needle punctured the skin of her neck. The world tilted and started to shift out of focus. 


“Let’s get out of here.” 


Emerson seemed pleased. The last thing Clarke felt was being lifted in the air.


Then everything went black.




Chapter End Notes
😬 😬 😬


Chapter 15
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Nothing felt right. 


Clarke was both freezing, and burning up. She felt an immense pain radiating throughout her body, but felt totally numb. 


She turned her head to the right and saw nothing but dirt and moss. A cockroach walked in front of her path and she wanted to fling it away. She tried and her hand didn’t listen. It got closer and closer, eventually crawling over her skin. It started to burrow, and Clarke wanted to scream but it felt like her mouth was sewn shut. A second later the hole and cockroach were gone.  


Clarke looked up and saw a clear night sky. A full moon was high in the sky. It felt close enough to touch then the ground beneath her shifted and it seemed terribly far away, like she was in a pit a mile deep. The jarring change made Clarke want to throw up, but she couldn’t. 


A tiny voice in the far reaches of her brain reminded her that was a good thing. Because surely she would choke if she got sick now. 


The moon continued to move farther and farther away until it was just a pinprick in the sky. 


Then it was gone. 


And Clarke was lost in the dark.



“We have to go after her,” Bellamy said. He was pacing back and forth in Clarke’s room. The keepsake from Emerson was laying on her bed. All three men had a chance to look through it and knew why Clarke had left, but that didn’t mean they were going to accept it. 


“He’s on foot,” Miller said. “He couldn’t have gotten far, especially if he’s carrying Clarke.” 


Murphy walked out of the room and banged around in the living room. When he pushed back into the room he had the shotgun in one hand and was stuffing shells into his hoodie pocket with the other. “Well? No point sitting around here. Let’s find the son of a bitch.” 


Bellamy and Miller didn’t need to be told twice. 


The three men threw on coats and boots before grabbing flashlights and running outside. Miller led the way around the house until they were all standing outside Clarke’s window. He crouched down and used the light to try and pick up Emerson’s trail. 


He spotted a pair of boot tracks in the mud and pointed them out. “Here. They go off that way,” he said, pointing towards the woods in the opposite direction of the road. 


Bellamy gestured for Miller to get on with it. His friend did so, leading them into the woods with careful steps. Every dozen feet or so he would point out another marker that they’re on the right path. 


After half an hour of trekking in the near darkness, the men came to a stop. Miller shined the light in one direction, then the other, and back. 


“What’s wrong?” Bellamy asked. 


Miller looked in the two directions again. 


“There are two sets of tracks,” he said. Bellamy could tell he was frustrated. “I can’t tell which one is the right one.”


“What do you mean?” Murphy asked. 


“I mean one could be a dummy trail,” Miller explained. “He could’ve gone down one way and doubled back in his own footsteps to confuse us.” 


“Are you sure?” Murphy snarked. “I’m pretty sure I heard that same shit in that episode of LOST that Jasper made me watch.”


“Fuck you, Murphy. I know what I’m doing,” Miller snapped. 


“Guys this isn’t the time,” Bellamy said. “Miller, what is your gut telling you?” 


Miller looked back and forth again. “We need to split up. This trail looks older,” he pointed down the trail to the left. “Most likely that’s the dummy. I can check that one out while you two go that way.” He gestured to the right. “If I don’t find anything I’ll double back and find you guys.” 


“Works for me,” Bellamy said. “What am I looking for?”


“Broken branches, footprints, that kind of thing,” Miller explained. “But he’s been traveling more or less in a straight line so just keep on how we’ve been going.”


Bellamy nodded. “Holler if you find anything. Hopefully, we can hear.”


“Same for you,” Miller said before taking off down his trail. 


Bellamy led the way down theirs. Murphy stayed close to his back, shotgun at the ready. 


They moved slower than they did when Miller was leading, but Bellamy was being careful to make sure they stayed on Emerson’s trail. 


The further they got with no sight of him, the more discouraged Bellamy got. If something happened to Clarke, he shuddered to think about what he would do. 


He took a careful step forward but paused when he heard something moving in front of them. He looked back at Murphy with a question in his eyes. His friend nodded his head. He had heard it too. 


Murphy lifted the shotgun and pointed it in the direction of the sound. He walked around Bellamy and towards the nearest copse of trees. 


The two men froze when there was another sound, closer than the last. 


Murphy spun around ready to shoot in the dark, but Emerson was quicker. 


He jumped from behind a nearby tree and knocked the gun out of Murphy’s hands. He swung a fist and clocked Murphy across the jaw. Bellamy ran towards them but Emerson kicked out a leg, kicking Bellamy right in the stomach. He doubled over to catch his breath. Murphy recovered quicker and got both his hands on Emerson’s shoulders and snapped his forehead into the other man’s nose. 


“Fuck,” Emerson swore, reaching up to wipe away the free-flowing blood. 


Bellamy used the distraction and tackled Emerson to the ground. Once Emerson was on his back Bellamy punched him in his already broken nose. 


A pair of feet stood over Emerson and Bellamy looked up to see his friend with the shotgun pointed at Emerson’s head. 


“Where is she?” Bellamy asked. Emerson sneered and remained silent. Murphy cocked the gun. “Tell us.” 


Emerson grinned showing off bloodied teeth. “The bitch is right where she belongs.”


Bellamy punched him again. “You motherfucker.”


“She’s rotting in the dirt like her crackwhore of a mother,” Emerson said with a manic gleam in her eye. He leaned up and spat out, “You’ll never find her.”


Murphy smacked Emerson in the temple with the butt of the shotgun, disorienting him. “He’s lying.” 


“What if he’s not?” Bellamy asked. 


“He 

is

,” Murphy assured him. 


Bellamy pushed himself to stand. He lifted his hands and dragged them through his hair, yanking at the ends. “Fuck!”


“Bellamy! Murphy!” 


The men turned their heads in the direction of Miller’s voice. The panic and urgency were unmistakable. 


“Go,” Murphy said. “I’ll drag this piece of shit back to the cabin.”


Bellamy didn’t need to be told twice. He just ran.



The trail was easy for Miller to follow. The more he looked at the signs the more he was sure this was some kind of trick. It was likely he would make it to some end and be forced to turn around. 


This Emerson was a sick son of a bitch. He deserved whatever punishment Bellamy and Murphy decided to give him when or if they found him. 


He checked his watch. Bryan must have gotten help by now. Hopefully someone else would be coming to help them soon. 


He kept the beam of his flashlight low to search the forest floor for signs of Emerson, while trying to stay quiet, on the off chance he was nearby. 


Something creaked to his left, and Miller froze. It didn’t sound like footsteps. More like someone crunching dried leaves in their hand. Miller turned that way, shining his light in the distance. 


Nothing. 


He looked down. It just looked like a forest floor. 


But then it moved.


“Oh my god,” Miller swore as he ran for the body that must be hidden under the moss and debris littering the ground. He pushed everything away and looked down at Clarke’s pale face. “Bellamy! Murphy!” 


Miller pressed his fingers to Clarke’s pulse. It was there, but just barely. He held his hand under her nose and felt the barest of breath against his skin. 


“Fuck!” 


He heard a crashing sound and assumed it was one of the other guys making their way towards his. In the meantime he worked to uncover his friend and make sure she didn’t have any other injuries. Since he’d found her, Clarke hadn’t made a sound. She hadn’t even looked at him. It was almost like she was totally unaware he was even there. 


A body dropped beside him and he turned to see Bellamy. His friend reached for Clarke’s hand and held on tightly. 


“She’s alive,” Miller said. “But something’s not right. We need to get her back to the cabin. Did you guys find him?”


“Yeah, we found him,” Bellamy spat. “Murphy’s got him.” 


Without another word Bellamy took Clarke into his arms in a bridal carry and looked to Miller. 


“Get us back. Hopefully help is there.”


Miller didn’t want to think about how Clarke looked like a corpse in Bellamy’s arms. So instead he found the trail that led home and started walking.



Bellamy welcomed the flashes of red and blue when they made it back to the cabin. Clarke was still breathing, he could feel it against his neck, but it was shallow. Whatever Emerson did to her, it wasn’t good. 


“Hey! We need help over here!” Bellamy yelled. An EMT ran towards him, pushing a gurney over the uneven ground. As soon as he was able, Bellamy put Clarke down but remained close to her side. 


“When did you find her?” The EMT asked while he pulled tools out of his bag. 


“Uhh- I don’t know. Maybe thirty minutes? We got back as fast as we could.” Bellamy looked around and spotted Miller with Bryan by the house. A few yards away Murphy was talking to a uniformed officer. He could barely make out Emerson’s slumped shoulders in the police cruiser. 


A blind rage filled Bellamy. 


He left Clarke in the EMT’s capable hands and stalked over to the car. The officer was distracted will Murphy so Bellamy was able to drag Emerson out without being stopped. 


“You son of a bitch!” Bellamy reared back and punched him in the jaw. “What did you do to her?”


An officer tried to grab Bellamy around the shoulders but he shook them off and punched out again. “Tell me! What did you give her?” 


Emerson laughed, sending blood and spittle everywhere. “Oh you know. A little of this, little of that. But don’t worry. She’s as high as a kite. Just like her whore mother was when she killed my family.” 


Bellamy lunged again, but an arm managed to hold him back. He snarled but calmed slightly when he heard Murphy behind him. “Calm down, man. You’re no help to Clarke if you get yourself arrested.” 


“Fucking asshole deserves it,” Bellamy seethed. Some officer was helping Emerson back into the car while a different EMT looked over his injuries. 


“I know,” Murphy agreed behind him. Bellamy felt his hold loosen but it didn’t leave entirely. “He’s gonna get what’s coming to him.” 


Bellamy looked back to Clarke but the gurney was gone. 


“Hey! Where’d she go?” Bellamy yelled. He wiggled away from Murphy and ran towards the nearest officer. “Where did they take Clarke?”


“Her condition worsened so they took her to the hospital,” he said dispassionately. 


“I need to get there, please,” Bellamy begged the officer. 


The man shook his head. “Sir, I can’t let you leave. We need to get your statements.” He turned away from Bellamy and started talking to another officer. 


“Are you kidding me?” Bellamy reached out, ready to pull the asshole cop back when he felt a gentle hand on his shoulder. 


He turned and saw Sheriff Diyoza. Bellamy was relieved. She was always far more sympathetic than any of her colleagues. 


“Bellamy, deep breath. Talk to me, okay?” She said softly. “Did you know the victim?” 


Bellamy nodded. “Yeah. I was supposed to protect her. I need to see her, make sure she’s alright.” 


“Well, I’d say you did a good job,” she said. 


“Not good enough. He still took her.” Against his will, Bellamy felt tears prick at his eyes. 


“You got her back. You saved her.” Diyoza smiled, and it actually made Bellamy feel a little better. 


“Okay. This is how this is going to go. I’m going to drive you to the hospital so you can check on your friend. But then I’m going to need to talk to you about what happened.” Diyoza lifted a brow in question. “Does that work for you?”


Bellamy nodded again. “Thank you.” 


“Let’s go.” Diyoza started towards a nearby car and Bellamy followed. Just as he was getting inside he caught Murphy’s gaze. His friend nodded his head and Bellamy just knew Murphy would handle things while he was gone.


As soon as his door was closed Diyoza took off. 


He could only pray that Clarke was okay.




Chapter End Notes
Murphy headbutting the bad guy is everything.


Chapter 16
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Diyoza drove them to a small, county hospital. It was tucked up in the woods and looked more like a clinic, but Bellamy had to hope it was good enough. Diyoza parked next to the emergency room entrance then both she and Bellamy climbed out of the cruiser. 

“Let’s go find your friend,” she said before leading Bellamy inside. 

Being that it was a small hospital, it wasn’t hard to tell where Clarke was. All of the beds were empty aside from one. Bellamy pushed past Diyoza and walked towards it but was stopped a few feet away by a nurse. 

“Sir, I need to ask you to have a seat until someone can help you,” he said in that professional yet compassionate voice that all nurses seemed to have. 

“I need to check on Clarke. You just brought her in. Please.” Bellamy’s voice wavered on the last word but he ignored it. “Just tell me if she’s okay.”

“She suffered a drug overdose,” the nurse finally said. Bellamy felt his knees weaken but Diyoza was there to keep him standing. “It seems like she was injected with a cocktail of some kind. We’re not exactly sure what all was in it. But we’re trying to stabilize her. She’s not out of the woods yet. I’m sorry I don’t have better news.”

“Can I see her?” Bellamy asked. 

The nurse shook his head. “Not yet. The doctors are still running some tests. But if you take a seat in the waiting room, I will find you as soon as they allow visitors. I promise.” 

Bellamy thanked the man and allowed Diyoza to guide him back to the small cluster of chairs that must function as a waiting room. 

“Now it’s my turn to ask some questions, okay?” Diyoza said once they sat down. “Can you tell me what happened leading up to the incident tonight?” 

Bellamy sighed. “Um, a few weeks ago, maybe a month and a half, Clarke showed up. She needed to hide so I took her in. It wasn’t until recently that she told me why. Emerson had been stalking her. I guess he left her some kind of threat so she ran away.”

“Did she ever tell the authorities?” Diyoza asked. 

“No, I think she was worried he would go after her friends,” Bellamy explained. “She was doing okay with me. She worked at my bar, and we were all working to keep her away from the public eye. But he must have tracked her down. He left her some kind of threat at my place.” 

“Do you still have the note?” The officer asked. 

Bellamy shook his head. “She tore it up. It really freaked her out. Umm- after that we moved her into Murphy’s house. But he found her there too.” 

“Why didn’t you call me?” Diyoza asked, but without judgment. 

“I was going to suggest she meet you, but I didn’t get the chance,” Bellamy said. “We packed up and went to the cabin. It was off the grid, away from people. We thought we’d hide out there for a bit and figure out the next step.” 

Diyoza jotted down a note. “And that’s when he left the music box?” 

“Yeah, she took off, we found the note and the footsteps outside her window and we followed them. Murphy and I found Emerson and Miller found her. We got her back to the house as fast as we could.” 

Diyoza was quiet for a moment. “Well, this seems like a pretty open and shut case. We were able to pull prints off the note that will no doubt be Emerson’s, and with testimonials from you and your friends he’ll be going away for a long time.”

Bellamy knew the news should make him feel better, but it didn’t. “That doesn’t matter if she’s not okay.” 

“I understand,” Diyoza said with a kind look. “But Clarke seems strong. I bet she pulls through.”

Diyoza stood up and slipped her notepad in her pocket. “I need to check in with the others at the scene. Are you okay to be by yourself?” 

“I’ll be fine. Thank you, Sheriff.” Bellamy offered the woman a weak smile. She nodded before turning to go back to her car. 

Bellamy tried to make himself comfortable while he waited. Eventually, his adrenaline crashed and he found himself nodding off. He turned his head hoping to see Clarke before sleep claimed him.

“Sir?” 

Levitt reached down and shook the man’s shoulder. He looked around the dark waiting room and was thankful that the rest of the staff was elsewhere. It was way past visiting hours, but he’d made a promise. 

The man jerked awake, but when he spotted Levitt he seemed to relax. “Clarke?”

“She’s stable. It seems she’s over the worst of it,” Levitt explained. “We moved her into a room down the hall. I can take you back to see her, but only for a moment. Visiting hours ended a few hours ago.” 

The man nodded and stood from his chair. He cringed and stretched. Levitt didn’t envy his back pain. He’d been trying to convince the chief that they needed better chairs in here for months. “Come on.”

He led the man back to Clarke’s room. She was sleeping but was looking much healthier than she did when she arrived. The man pulled up a chair and sat as close to the bed as he could. He rested his elbows on the bed and dropped his face in his hands. 

“I’ll give you a minute,” Levitt said before pulling the drapes closed and walking to the door. 

He didn’t go far. He still had to keep an eye on the pair. 

The guy was speaking quietly to the sleeping girl. It was clear he cared about her and felt a lot of guilt over what had happened to her. Levitt hadn’t gotten the full story but it sounded like some kind of abduction and rescue situation. 

Levitt saw the moment Clarke started to wake up. The man’s head was still down, but when she reached up to touch his face he shot up. Levitt could see the naked relief on his face before he pulled her in a gentle, but tight embrace.

He gave them a moment before walking back. 

“Clarke?” Levitt said quietly from the end of the bed. The woman looked up and nodded. “I’m Nurse Levitt. How are you feeling?”

“Sore,” she said. The guy pulled away, but Clarke didn’t let him go far. She grabbed his hand and kept it firmly between her own. 

“That’s common in cases like these,” Levitt explained. 

“What happened? I remember climbing out of the window,” she shot her friend an embarrassed look, “But after that, it's all foggy. Like a dream or something.” 

“We believe you were injected with some kind of drug cocktail. It was too much for your system. You were overdosing when your friends found you. The EMT’s brought you here where we were able to flush the drugs from your system and get you stable. There is no reason not to expect a full recovery.” Levitt had learned a long time ago that it was best to just put it all out there. The good and the bad. 

Clarke seemed to handle the news fairly well. She turned to her friend. “Did he get away?” 

He shook his head and actually smiled. “We got him. He’s never going to find you again.”

Levitt watched as tension he didn’t even notice eased out of her body. He wondered how long it had been since she’d relaxed. “Thank god.”

“You’ve been through quite the ordeal. You need your rest,” Levitt said. “Sir, you are free to come back for visiting hours tomorrow, but I can’t let you stay here.”

The guy shook his head. “Not a chance. I’m staying.”

“I’m afraid I have to insist.” Levitt really hated this part of his job. 

“You won’t be able to keep me away from her, so don’t even try,” the guy said. 

Levitt could remove him himself, or have Roan the security guard do it, but he realized there wasn’t much point. 

“Fine,” Levitt said. Both Clarke and her friend looked surprised. “If anyone asks, I made you leave and you snuck back in.”

Levitt pulled both sets of drapes closed so they were completely hidden from view of the door and walked back to the on-call room. Hopefully, they wouldn’t be discovered until morning.

Clarke fought her way awake, wanting to get as far away from her nightmares as possible. She was in the hospital, she was safe. There was a weight across her belly, and when she looked down she saw Bellamy. He was asleep, with his face pillowed on the mattress beside her and an arm stretched out over her stomach. It was clear that even unconscious he was trying to protect her. 

When Clarke climbed out of that window she was sure she would never see him or her other friends again. She had never been so happy to be wrong. 

She shifted her hand so she could link her fingers through his. The way his hand squeezed her’s brought her great comfort. 

The drapes were still closed, but she could hear a commotion at the door. 

“Where is Clarke Griffin? We’re her family.” 

It was a male voice, and Clarke would recognize it anywhere. 

Kane. If he was here, Echo must be too. 

She felt tears prick her eyes and she pushed herself to sit up. Beside her, Bellamy was waking. “Clarke?” He asked sleepily. Clarke ignored him. 

The drapes were pulled open by the nurse from last night and her surrogate father and sister rushed in. Bellamy moved back just in time to avoid getting crushed before they pulled her into a tight group hug. 

“Thank god you’re alright,” Kane said, his voice relieved. “We’ve been worried sick.”

“Yeah, you’re not allowed to run off like that,” Echo said. “Never again.” 

Clarke nodded. God, she had missed them. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t think I had another choice.”

Kane pulled back and gently held her face in his hands. “You can come to me about anything. You’re my kid, Clarke.”

Clarke finally gave in to the urge to cry and let the tears stream down her face while she pulled him into another hug. 

“Who are you?” Clarke heard Echo ask. She turned and saw that Echo was addressing Bellamy, who was still hovering nearby. 

“This is Bellamy Blake,” Clarke introduced. “He took me in. I’ve been staying with him since I left.” 

“Nice to meet you,” Bellamy said, holding his hand out for Echo and Kane to shake. “I’ll leave you to catch up. I have to check-in at the bar anyways.”

He gave Clarke’s hand a squeeze before walking away from the bed. 

Echo gave Clarke a pointed look. “He’s cute.” Clarke couldn’t fight her blush. 

“You girls can gossip later,” Kane said with an eye roll. “Clarke, what happened?”

Clarke sighed and wrung her hands in her lap. She knew Kane and Echo wouldn’t judge her, but that didn’t mean she looked forward to the conversation. 

“You know my mom died before you became my manager. She was an addict,” Clarke started. “But before she got clean, she was in an accident. She killed two people. A mother and son. The husband survived. He’s been stalking me for a while.”

“Why you?” Echo asked. 

Clarke shrugged. “Because he wanted someone to suffer and my mom was already dead.”

“Did he threaten you?” Kane asked. She nodded. 

“And both of you. It’s why I finally left,” Clarke said. 

“We’ll make sure he goes away for this,” Kane said firmly. “I promise.”

“There is something else,” Clarke said. This was the part of the story she really didn’t want to tell. “It was my old manager who covered up the accident. He used that as leverage to get me to do his son’s movies. They weren’t… They were bad.”

Kane looked more than a little concerned. “How so?”

“Explicit,” Clarke whispered. Echo looked like she was going to be sick. 

“How old were you?” Kane asked, even though it was probably killing him. 

“Fifteen,” Clarke told him. 

“Fuck,” Kane said and in any other instance Clarke would balk at hearing her father-figure swear. “I’ll take care of this. I promise.”

“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner,” Clarke said. “I was ashamed.”

Kane pulled her hands into his. “You have nothing to be sorry about. And no reason to be ashamed. I’m just glad you’re safe.” 

“Same here,” Echo copied. “But if I ever see those guys I'm going to kick them in the balls.”




Chapter End Notes
I 🖤 Levitt so much.


Chapter 17
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





The days after the attack were hectic, to say the least. While Clarke was in the hospital, Kane and Echo pretty much moved in. Echo caught Clarke up on her life for the last few months including two different boyfriends, both of which sounded like they were no good. Kane set up a mobile office and kept in near-constant contact with Sheriff Diyoza and a lawyer from the city. She was happy to take Clarke’s case against Emerson, and promised to ‘nail his ass to the wall.’

Clarke liked her confidence. It was infectious. 

In the mornings, Bellamy came to visit. He seemed shy around her family, which was endearing. Echo loved the fact that he watched Diagnosis Desire and ribbed him mercilessly. Until Clarke outed her as a fan herself, then they debated their theories. 

It was nice, having them all in one place. But Clarke also found herself missing when it was just her and Bellamy. 

He would have to leave eventually to go to the bar, at which point Echo would rib 

her

 over their relationship. She would swear there was nothing going on, and Echo would whisper ‘yet’ under her breath. 

Murphy came by a few times too. Always complaining about how she left him to do all of the work in the kitchen, and if she wanted time off all she had to do was ask. Clarke had a feeling he just didn’t know how to tell her how scared he had been. 

Then at night, after Nurse Levitt forced Echo and Kane to leave, Clarke was left on her own and she was bored. She read books that Echo brought and a few scripts, but nothing held her attention for long. She was used to busy nights at the bar. 

After a week in the hospital, she was finally discharged. Kane drove her to Murphy’s so she could pack up her things. He and Echo found an Airbnb in the main part of town and wanted to keep her close. She didn’t judge them but was a little sad to leave her friends, even if she was only there for a while. 

It was still morning, so Murphy was there to greet them when they arrived. 

“Sup, Clarke,” he said sleepily. “Happy to see you out of the sickbay.”

“Thanks, Murphy,” Clarke said with a roll of her eyes. “How’s the bar holding up without me?”

Murphy stepped back, letting Clarke and Kane walk into the house. 

“Still standing,” he said. 

Clarke laughed before dragging her manager back to her bedroom. Her small bag of things she had taken to the cabin had been returned to her, but the majority of her things were still here. Kane set the suitcase he had brought along on the bed and unzipped it while Clarke pulled open one of the dresser drawers. 

“Interesting people you’ve surrounded yourself with here,” Kane said conversationally. Clarke handed him a stack of shirts with a raised brow. “I like them,” he clarified. 

“They’re good people,” Clarke said. “Bellamy had no reason to take me in, but he did. And gave me a job. He watched over me. Murphy too.” 

They packed for a few more minutes in silence before Kane said, “I know we have stuff to deal with in the city. Things are going to be a little crazy. But if you could, would you stay?”

Clarke could hear the silent, ‘with Bellamy’ at the end of his question. 

If she was honest with herself, that exact thing had been on her mind for a while. She hadn’t forgotten that moment on the dock and the feelings it had awoken in her. 

“I’ll let you know when I figure that out,” she ended up telling him. 

Once she was all packed up, Kane carried her bag to the car while Clarke hung back to talk to Murphy. 

“Thank you. For everything,” Clarke said. Before Murphy could back away she pulled him into a tight hug. She could feel him grumble, but he didn’t hesitate in returning the gesture. 

“When are you headed back to the city?” He asked once Clarke pulled away. 

“Tomorrow. Kane wants to meet with the lawyer and get things ready for Emerson’s trial,” she said. 

“You better come by the bar then, and say goodbye,” Murphy told her. 

Clarke rolled her eyes. “Already planning on it.” 

“Good,” he said. “Guess I’ll see you later then.” 

Clarke nodded then walked back to the car and hopped into the passenger seat. 

Back at the Airbnb, Clarke relaxed with Echo and Kane. They watched movies and avoided talking about what they would have to deal with when they returned to the city. Clarke told them about her plans to go to the bar for dinner, and Echo insisted on going with her. Kane seemed happy to stay home, so Echo then loudly declared it a girl’s night. 

Around seven they left for the bar. They were close enough to walk, and it was a nice enough night for it. 

Clarke pushed open the door and heard an immediate, “Claire!” before she was rushed and pulled into a tight hug by Harper. The other woman squeezed her tight, whispering how happy she was to see Clarke safe. One of the first days in the hospital, Bellamy had said how worried Harper was. He didn’t bring up telling her the truth, knowing that was Clarke’s decision, but Clarke didn’t want to hide anymore. She gave Bellamy permission to tell any of their friends that asked. 

“Bellamy told me about your real name,” Harper said quietly, still with her arms wrapped around Clarke. “But I wasn’t sure if you wanted everyone to know.” 

“I’m sorry I lied to you,” Clarke said. 

Harper pulled away and gave Clarke a bright smile. “Don’t apologize. I’m sure I would have done the same thing. Who’s this?” Harper was looking over her shoulder at Echo. 

“This is Echo, she’s practically my sister,” Clarke introduced. “Echo, this is Harper.” 

“Nice to meet you,” Echo said with a smile. 

“I’m assuming you’re here to hang, and not work,” Harper said. “A couple of seats at the bar just opened up.” 

Clarke thanked her and walked towards the free stools. Bellamy was behind the bar, but his back was to them while he fiddled with the register.

The scrape of the chairs when they pulled them out had him turning and when he saw Clarke he grinned.

“Clarke! Hey!” He said. His hands twitched like they wanted to reach out. Clarke knew the feeling. “Good to see you out and about.”

“Feels good,” Clarke said. 

Bellamy poured Clarke a soda water with bitters without needing to ask and passed it over the bar. “What can I get you?” He asked Echo. 

“Whatever you have on draft is fine,” she said. 

Bellamy grabbed a pint glass and filled it from the nearest tap. When he handed it over he opened his mouth but before he could say a word someone called his name from the other end of the bar. “Duty calls,” he said grumpily before wandering off. 

“So,” Echo said, dragging the one word out as long as she could. “Are you going to hit that?”

Clarke scoffed and took a long sip of her drink. “It’s more complicated than that.”

“How so?” Echo raised an eyebrow at her over the lip of her glass. 

“He’s seen me at my worst, and helped me, and done so many things that he didn’t have to,” Clarke said. “He’s important to me. I don’t want to ruin that over a… fling or something.” 

“Who says it has to be a fling?” Echo asked. “He’s important to you, you’re important to him. Sounds like the start of something serious to me.”

“You don’t even know if he wants that,” Clarke replied. 

This time it was Echo who scoffed. “You’re blind if you think there is even a chance that he doesn’t.”

Clarke took another drink and her eyes wandered over to Bellamy. At that moment he turned and looked at her. Their eyes held for a long moment. 

“Yeah, no way you’re blind,” Echo said quietly beside her.

Bellamy stopped by to talk to Clarke whenever he could, but the night was surprisingly busy. 

At some point in the night, Jasper and Monty showed up and pulled her into a group hug. Echo seemed amused by the whole thing, but Clarke looked touched. He had a feeling she was worried they would be mad about her other life, but her fears were unfounded. 

Finally, it was nearing closing time and all but their group of friends, plus Echo, were left in the bar. Murphy had closed down the kitchen and was sitting with Jasper and Monty at a booth near where Harper was closing. Echo whispered something to Clarke before standing and making her way to the bathroom. When she passed Bellamy she caught his eye and gave him a serious look. 

He wasn’t quite sure what she was trying to say, and that freaked him out a little. 

But whatever, Clarke was alone at the bar and he didn’t have anything stopping him from really talking to her. 

He walked around the bar and pulled out a seat beside her. 

“Busy night,” Clarke mentioned. 

“I guess,” Bellamy said. “It’s always the days that you want to be slow that aren’t.” 

“I get that.” Clarke was playing with her straw nervously. He wondered why. “I’m going to miss it here.” 

“When do you have to leave?” Bellamy asked even though he was dreading the answer. 

“Kane wants to be back in the city tomorrow, so we can deal with the Emerson stuff with a lawyer,” Clarke said quietly. 

Bellamy didn’t know what to say. That he was sorry she had to go through all this? That he wished they had more time? That he didn’t want her to leave at all? He didn’t have a chance to say anything before Clarke spoke again. 

“I’m going to miss you.”

Bellamy turned in his stool so he could look at her face, but Clarke was already turned towards him. Slowly, carefully, she reached up and set her hands on both of his cheeks. She froze, unsure. Her eyes flicked down to his lips. 

“May I?” She asked quietly.

“Please,” Bellamy said. 

Clarke pulled his face down and pressed her lips gently against his. 

It was like all of the air was sucked out of the room. 

The kiss was chaste, but it made Bellamy light-headed. 

His own hands wrapped around the back of her neck, pulling her as close as possible. 

When Clarke broke the kiss she didn’t go far. She sighed and leaned her forehead against Bellamy’s. 

“I just… I’ve wanted to do that for a while,” Clarke said quietly. 

Bellamy nodded in agreement before pulling her into one more kiss. 

The second was just as chaste as the first and just as remarkable. 

“Will you call me? While you’re away?” He asked once they pulled apart. 

Clarke nodded. 

They kept looking at each other, in their own little bubble, until a slow clap broke it. 

Bellamy turned his head sharply to see Murphy and Echo, standing side by side, looking smug.

“About damn time,” Murphy said. 

Bellamy didn’t have it in him to be mad. 

Clarke was ducking her head with a blush and it was the prettiest thing he had ever seen.

The lawyer Kane hired was a no-nonsense woman named Indra Forrester. She struck Clarke as the kind of woman who would be more than capable of beating anyone in a courtroom or a back alley. Her assistant, a woman more Clarke’s age, named Emori Prime definitely helped this image. She gave the same death glare to her enemies, and it was made even more intimidating by the large tattoo she had on the left side of her face. 

Clarke liked them both so much. 

In the few months since her return to the city, she had met with Indra and Emori a couple of times a week, in preparation for her case against Emerson. 

They left no stones untouched, including the ones Clarke would have rather left alone. But they said it would only make their case stronger. Indra had no doubts they would be able to send him away for life. 

When her history with the Wallaces came up, Indra said she would take them down too when Clarke was ready. 

She contacted Wells, who practically wept with relief when he heard Clarke’s voice. They had lunch and Clarke told him about what she had been dealing with. She was done hiding. 

And then in the evenings, when Clarke was finally alone in her house, she called Bellamy. 

It was weird, having a relationship with him over the phone. They didn’t talk about the kiss, even though Clarke wanted to. Bellamy mostly talked about their friends, and Clarke talked about the preparations for the court case. It was both everything she needed, and not at what she wanted. 

On the eve of her first day in court, Clarke admitted her fears. 

“I don’t want to face him,” she whispered over the phone. “I’ve tried to be strong through all of this, but what if I see him and I just break?”

“

I don’t think you will,

” Bellamy said. His voice was groggy; he probably just got off work and wanted to go to bed, but he always stayed up when Clarke called. “

But even if you did, that doesn’t mean you’re not strong. You will always be strong. It just means you’re human.

”

“You think so?” She asked. 

“

Clarke,

” Bellamy said before yawning. “

Clarke, I know so. You’re going to kick this guys ass tomorrow. Cause you are the strongest person I know

.” 

Clarke could feel her cheeks flushing. “I miss you,” she said quietly. It was the most relationship-y thing she had said to him since she left the bar. 

“

Feeling’s mutual,

” Bellamy replied. “

I’m sure we’ll see each other soon

.” 

Clarke wanted to ask when, but then Bellamy yawned again. She chuckled. “You need to go to bed,” she said. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow, okay?” 

“

Sounds good,” 

Bellamy said, and Clarke could hear the smile in his voice. “

Sleep tight, princess.” 


“You too.” Clarke hung up her phone and set it on the bedside table. She rolled over so she was laying on her back, and stared at the ceiling. 

She still didn’t feel prepared for tomorrow, but she replayed Bellamy’s words in her head and felt a tiny bit better. 


That doesn’t mean you’re not strong. It just means you’re human.


Clarke repeated the words in her head like a mantra, even spoke them out loud a few times. 

She found herself relaxing with every iteration until she closed her eyes and drifted to sleep. 




Chapter End Notes
🥰 🥰 🥰


Chapter 18
Chapter Notes
Posting early cause I'm impatient. :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





When Clarke walked down to the kitchen in a navy blue pantsuit, Indra and Emori were already there with coffee mugs in hand. Kane was by the stove making breakfast, and Clarke could hear Echo getting ready in the other room. 

“Morning,” Clarke said to the group. 

“How are you feeling today, Clarke?” Indra asked. 

Clarke shrugged. “Fine, I guess. Not really looking forward to this.”

She took a seat at the table and Emori reached out to place a hand on top of hers. “I know this is scary. But don’t worry. We’ve got this, alright?” 

Clarke smiled at the other woman and nodded. “So, how is today going to work?”

“This is a straightforward case,” Indra said. “Mr. Emerson’s lawyer, a Ms. Sydney, doesn’t have much to prove his innocence, so she’s going to try and get an insanity plea. We’re going to disprove that by showing the calculated steps he took in stalking and terrorizing you. We found a co-conspirator, Dax Zinch, who’s agreed to testify against Mr. Emerson in exchange for a reduced sentence.” 

“What?” Clarke asked, shocked. “The motel guy? So he’s going to just get a slap on the wrist?”

“Clarke,” Emori said, no doubt sensing Clarke’s anger. “We know how this sounds. But as part of his deal, he allowed me to search his computer for their correspondence. He may be getting out of this, but I found images and videos that will put him away for a very long time. He’s getting what’s coming to him too. He just doesn’t know it yet. We have people standing by to arrest him as soon as he leaves the stand.”

“Sometimes you have to work the system,” Indra said. “We don’t like it. Believe me, men like Zinch make my skin crawl. Thinkin’ he can point the finger at the other guy and not face the consequences of his own actions. But sometimes you have to let them think they’re smarter than you.”

“Which he is not, by the way,” Emori added. “I barely broke a sweat finding his stash. Idiot.” 

Clarke settled. She didn’t like it but understood why it needed to be done. 

“Anyway, after opening statements we’ll call witnesses. Then you’ll be called up. We want you to go last so you’re the last thing the jury hears before they deliberate.” Indra paused and took a sip of her coffee. “Clarke, today isn’t going to be easy. But trust me when I say we know what we’re doing. After today you will 

never

 have to see these men again.”

“Yeah, okay. I trust you,” Clarke said. “Let’s nail their asses to the wall.”

“That’s what I’m talking about,” Emori chimed in with a grin.

The group drove to the courthouse together in Indra’s large SUV. Kane drove, with Echo in the passenger seat, and Clarke surrounded by her lawyers in the back. 

When they pulled into the parking lot the car was immediately swarmed by paparazzi. Clarke wasn’t an A-lister, but any kind of celebrity going to court was a big deal apparently. 

“Don’t say a word,” Indra whispered in Clarke’s ear. Kane hopped out of the car and circled around it to open Indra’s door. The lawyer stepped out of the car and held out a hand for Clarke. 

The flashes were blinding, and the dozens of voices rang in her ears. Her team did what they could do to keep a buffer between her and the media, but it was still slow-moving. One reporter broke through them and shoved a large TMZ in her face. 

“Any comment on your recent hospitalization and drug overdose?” He asked, uncaring of Clarke’s discomfort. 

Before she could utter ‘no comment’ someone grabbed the pap by the back of his jacket and pulled him away. She looked up to thank whoever it was and saw Bellamy. He was wearing a sharp suit and a shy smile. 

“You’re here,” Clarke said quietly. 

“You really thought I would let you face this alone? Not a chance.” Bellamy stepped forward and slung an arm over her shoulder. “ Come on, Princess, Murphy and Harper are inside.” 

They were able to make it to the courthouse without any more issues, with Bellamy pushing the paparazzi away and glaring them into submission.

At the top of the steps, there was a security guard who opened the door for the group, leaving the reporters outside. They walked into the blissfully quiet hallway and each heaved a sigh of relief. 

Clarke turned and pulled Bellamy into a tight hug. 

“Mr. Blake,” Indra said beside them, forcing the two to step apart. “Thank you for coming. You and Mr. Murphy’s testimonies are going to go a long way to help us today.”

Bellamy held out his hand for Indra to shake. “It’s the least we could do.”

“Let’s get inside,” Indra said before turning and leading the way to the courtroom. 

Another security guard opened the door and Clarke followed her lawyer inside. Immediately she was greeted with a tight hug from Harper. 

“You didn’t have to come,” Clarke said to her friend. 

Harper scoffed. “Of course I did,” she said. 

Clarke turned to see Murphy, Under his suit jacket, he was wearing a black Miley Cyrus t-shirt. He, however, was looking over at Emori. “Want me to introduce you?”

“Hell yeah,” Murphy said absentmindedly before turning to Clarke with a surprisingly flushed face. “It’s good to see you, Clarke. The kitchen’s not the same without you.” 

“Speaking of, who’s there today? You guys didn’t close down for me, did you?” Clarke asked, giving all three a raised brow. 

“We would have, but no,” Bellamy said. “Miller and Bryan are there. And Josephine, this new girl we hired for the kitchen.” 

Clarke felt a weird sense of jealousy curl in her stomach. Murphy must have sensed it because he bent down and whispered in her ear, “Don’t worry. She knows it might be temporary. Just in case.” 

Clarke turned to him and he looked at Bellamy, then to her, and winked. 

“Hate to break up the reunion,” Indra said as she approached. “But it’s time.”

It became clear to Bellamy within the first five minutes of the trial that Indra was a badass. The other lawyer was practically sweating after she gave an opening statement. Even Emerson, who had looked all too smug when he was lead in looked a little green. 

Good. 

Bellamy still wanted to punch him in his face, but he supposed he would be okay if the asshole pissed his pants instead. 

The first person Indra called to the stand was Dax. Bellamy should have known he was involved. Beside him, Murphy looked murderous.

She somehow managed to get Dax to tell his story while also making him sound like a total tool. It was clear she didn’t like the sleazebag but had no problem using him for her own needs. The other lawyer tried to cross-examine him but she didn’t do nearly as good a job. 

Next, it was Murphy’s turn, and then his own. Their stories were pretty much the same, but they were both happy to do their part. The only hiccup occurred when Emerson’s lawyer asked about how her client’s nose got broken before his arrest. Murphy had just shrugged and told the judge that he tripped. 

So only a little perjury. 

Finally, it was Clarke’s turn to hit the stand. Bellamy really wished she didn’t have to go over her history 

again

 but Indra handled it like a pro. She was sympathetic and knew when to press and when to back off. Again, the other lawyer tried to tear all that down by making it seem like Clarke encouraged Emerson’s attention. But you can’t really argue with a forced overdose and abduction. 

The lawyers gave closing statements and then the jury left to deliberate. 

As soon as she was able, Clarke ran back to her group of supporters and wrapped her arms around her manager's waist. Echo and Harper, who were chatting casually, both set hands on her shoulders.

“It’s done,” he said. 

Indra was slower to join them. “You did well. You can never be one hundred percent certain, but I’m confident things will end up in our favor.” 

“Indra,” Emori said as she walked up. She had a phone to her ear and a smile on her face. “They picked up Zinch. He’s in custody.” 

“Dax?” Murphy asked. 

“Fucker managed to get away with all this, but we got him for the videos I found in his computer,” Emori said after she hung up the phone. She gave Murphy a not-so-sly up and down. “I like your shirt.”

Bellamy rolled his eyes when his friend slid closer to the woman and turned the charm up to eleven. 

“Guess I don’t need to introduce him after all,” Clarke said with a grin. 

“How does it feel?” Bellamy asked her. 

“Feels good, actually,” Clarke said with a tired smile. “Want to take a walk while we wait?”

Bellamy nodded and held out an arm for Clarke. She put her hand in the crook of his elbow and the pair walked out of the courtroom. It was quiet in the hallway, with only a few stragglers milling around. They walked mindlessly until they found a deserted corridor and sat on a short bench. Clarke sat pressed against Bellamy’s side. 

“So,” Bellamy said softly. “That thing we haven’t really been talking about. Are we ever going to? Talk about it I mean.”

Clarke didn’t talk right away, only leaned her head on Bellamy’s shoulder. “Yeah, but maybe later?”

“Whenever you want, princess. I can wait,” Bellamy said.

Two hours later the jury made their decision. 

Guilty on all counts. 

Emerson was put in chains and taken away to begin his life sentence.

To celebrate, the group found a dive bar a few blocks from the courthouse and bought a round of shots for the entire bar. They lifted the glasses high and whooped and cheers’d before throwing them back. Somehow Harper got control of the music and the whole bar started dancing to the pop music she chose. Emori and Murphy were canoodling in a corner both, Echo was chatting up the bartender, and Kane and Indra were watching them all like exasperated parents. Harper dragged Clarke onto the dance floor, and Bellamy watched with amusement when the women tried to line dance to Lady Gaga. 

A few songs later and Bellamy was dragged to the floor too. 

Harper pushed Clarke into his arms, and he happily wrapped an arm around her waist. 

The happy mood was infectious and it didn’t take long until the whole bar was swinging around to whatever Harper decided to play. Even Kane and Indra shared a dance.  

Clarke eventually needed a breather and made her way off the dancefloor and towards one of the high tops the group had claimed. Echo was there, sipping on a bright pink cocktail. 

“You did it,” Echo said. “Time for you to ride off into the sunset.” 

Clarke looked towards the dancefloor, where Harper and Bellamy were swing dancing. 

“Am I crazy?” She asked her sister.

“For what? For wanting to be with somebody that you’re crazy about?” Echo asked with a raised brow.

“For wanting to move out of the city, maybe stop acting, and work in a bar with somebody I’m crazy about,” Clarke said. She grabbed for Echo’s drink and took a sip. 

“Clarke, how long have you been acting?” Echo took back her drink and finished it. She turned and held it and two fingers up to the bartender. 

“Practically my whole life,” Clarke answered. 

“And how long have you liked it? Like, really been happy to get up and do it in the morning without wanting anything else?” Echo asked as she leaned closer into Clarke’s personal space. 

Clarke took a moment to think about it. “I liked working on the show.”

“More than working in that bar?” Echo asked. The bartender arrived and set two drinks on the table. 

“No. I didn’t think I could be as happy as I was working there,” Clarke said, surprising herself with the honesty in her words. 

Echo shrugged. “Then I don’t know what the issue is. You deserve to do what makes you happy.”

Clarke watched Bellamy as he moved around the dancefloor, leading Harper in some intricate dance. There was sweat dotting his hairline and darkening the armpits of his shirt, but he was smiling wide enough to show off his dimples. 

“He makes you happy, Clarke,” Echo said. As if Clarke needed to be told. 

Clarke nodded, picked up the cocktail, and took a fortifying drink. She stepped away from the table, jumping when she felt Echo smack her ass. 

“Go get ‘im, sis,” Echo said with a laugh. 

Clarke pushed her way through the crowd, finally making it to Bellamy’s side. She tapped his shoulder and he stopped moving. Harper looked between them, grinning. 

“I want to go back with you,” Clarke said. Bellamy’s mouth opened but no words came out so Clarke continued. “I met you at one of the lowest times in my life, but you were there for me. I had all of this baggage. Enough to scare most people. But not you. You let me lay it at your feet. You’re remarkable, Bellamy Blake. And I’m crazy about you.”

Clarke felt Bellamy’s strong hands on her face, and then he was kissing her. Unlike their first kiss at the bar, this one was hot and passionate. His tongue flicked at her bottom lip in question and she opened her mouth. She heard cheers all around, but they barely mattered. 

When Bellamy broke the kiss they were both panting. “I want everything with you. I want the good and the bad. I want you to lay it all on me. I want to wake up next to you and help you when you can’t sleep. I want 

you

.” 

“You have me,” Clarke said with tears of joy welling in her eyes. “Kiss me again.”

So Bellamy did.




Chapter End Notes
Just the epilogue left, guys!


Epilogue
Chapter Notes
Here it is. We're at the end. Also, sex ahead, just for fun. If that's not your thing you can skip after Bellamy wakes up. :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes






Two Years Later


Clarke wondered when she would get used to not having nightmares. 

A sliver of light was peeking through her bedroom curtains, cutting through the early morning haze. She rolled over, coming face to face with a still sleeping Bellamy. His hair was wild on one side and pressed flat on the other. He was also drooling a little, and Clarke was so in love with him it was crazy. 

She traced the cupid’s bow of his lip, before leaning in and kissing him. Morning breath be damned. 

The months following her win against Emerson were crazy, but the good kind. She had to pack up her house in the city and make plans to get it on the market. She and Kane had a meeting with the writers of her show and worked a way out of her contract. She was happy with the ending they gave her character. At first, they wanted to have Dr. Juliet Hume run off with an old flame, leaving everyone she loved behind. Clarke was 

not

 about to let her character development mean nothing in the end, so instead, they had her die in a helicopter crash and her last moments were spent telling Dr. Lahiri that she had always loved him. It seemed like a more fitting end.

The show had been set to start filming in the coming weeks, so Clarke had a little time to mentally prepare for the death of her character. 

Through all of this, she and Bellamy hadn’t really been able to see each other much. Her obligations kept her in the city, while he had to be at the bar. They talked most nights, and Clarke snuck away to visit when she could, but both had been eager to be together full-time. 

Once filming was finished and Clarke said goodbye to the cast and crew she jumped in her car and left. She already had a bag packed in the trunk. It was enough to get her by until the moving company could send the rest of her things. 

It was dark by the time she parked in front of the bar. She hopped out and rushed inside, the doors banging the walls just like they had the night she first sought sanctuary. 

Bellamy looked up from the drink he was mixing. When he saw it was Clarke he dropped the entire shaker on the ground and ran around the bar, sweeping her into his arms. He kissed her soundly, ignoring the cheers around them. 

“Are you here for good now?” He asked once they separated. 

“You’re never getting rid of me,” Clarke said in return. 

Clarke moved into Bellamy’s house indefinitely, and all of their friends had a party to celebrate. 

She went back to work at the bar, working only part-time. Josephine worked the other days, even if Murphy kind of hated her. 

Things weren’t always easy. 

When Clarke stopped dying her hair she got recognized more which led to her getting some attention she didn’t particularly want. Bellamy had bad days, mostly when he and Octavia would fight, sometimes when the bar fell on hard times, and Clarke found herself having to be strong for him. Their relationship was a give and take. But frankly, Clarke loved to know it wasn’t just her that had issues sometimes. 

She kept in contact with Indra, and eventually, they decided to bring charges against the Wallaces. They went back to court almost a year to the day after their trial against Emerson. Indra destroyed them, as she had Emerson, and by the end, there was nothing their lawyer could do to disprove her. 

Bellamy had sat beside her in the courthouse, holding her hands, when they were found guilty of producing and distributing child pornography. Clarke had cried both in shame and relief, and he had dutifully wiped them away. 

She shut a door on a dark chapter on her life, and she had been looking forward ever since. 

“You’re thinking pretty hard over there,” Bellamy said sleepily, breaking Clarke out of her thoughts. 

“Mostly about how happy I am,” Clarke said. 

She leaned in and kissed Bellamy again, rolling over so she was laying on top of him. 

Bellamy pushed the hair back from her face then trailed his hands down her back until they rested just above the swell of her ass. 

“From where I’m laying, I’d say I’m the lucky one,” Bellay said with a grin. 

They kissed again and Bellamy carefully removed the large t-shirt Clarke wore to sleep. 

Bellamy rolled them over so he was leaning over her. He kissed down her neck and across her chest, paying her breasts each the attention they deserved. Clarke tangled her fingers in his bedhead, gently guiding him where she wanted. 

Lazily, he pulled her underwear down, tossing it off the bed. His kisses travel down, dipping into her navel and over to one hip then the other. 

“Bellamy, please,” Clarke said breathlessly. 

He groaned. “Love it when you say my name like that.”

His fingers slipped inside while he moved his mouth to tongue at her clit. 

Clarke rolled her hips, riding against his face. 

Bellamy played her body beautifully until she was close and shaking. She yanked on his hair, pulling him back up her body. 

Together they got him out of his boxers, moving again so Clarke was straddling his lap. 

Clarke held the base of his dick steady, then sunk down. 

They held onto each other tightly, both knowing just how to move to make the other cry out. 

Bellamy could tell when Clarke was close, so he rolled them over one final time and lifted one of her legs onto his shoulder. The angle let him push deeper, and it only took a few more thrusts before Clarke was crying out, her body squeezing him like a vice through her orgasm. It was impossible for him to not follow suit. 

They relaxed into a happy puddle. Bellamy rested his head on her chest, while Clarke tried to detangle his hair with her fingers. 

“Good morning,” Clarke said with a laugh. Bellamy squeezed her waist in response. 

“I’d say,” he eventually replied. 

Clarke turned her head and caught sight of their bedside clock. She groaned. “Do we have to go in today? Can’t we call in sick?” 

Bellamy pinched her side and planted a kiss on her nearest breast before pushing himself up. 

“As much as I would love to spend all day in bed with you, we can’t.” He stood, giving Clarke a great view of his naked body before holding out his hand. “Come on, princess. Up and at ‘em.” 

“Fine,” Clarke said, letting him pull her to her feet. “But I’m letting Murphy put wings on the menu tonight.” 

She leaned up and kissed him, teasing him by pressing her body flush against his. 

“Fine,” Bellamy said. “You’re lucky I love you.” 

Clarke grabbed his hand and led him into the bathroom, confident she could talk him into a nice, long shared shower at least. “Well, it’s a good thing I love you too.”
 
The End



Bonus Things I Just Think You Need To Know...


Bellamy proposed on a Sunday morning, very much like that one, in their kitchen over coffee. Clarke said yes. They do close the bar that night and celebrate in bed. Vigorously. 
They get married a few months later.

Murphy and Josephine really didn’t get along in the kitchen. She always called him John, and he called her JoJo to get back at her. She would play with her hair and he would threaten to cut it off in her sleep if she got any in his food. Emori thought Josephine had a crush, Murphy did not. 

Eventually, Murphy decided he was tired of the long-distance thing and moved to the city. He promoted Clarke to head chef (but still consulted when she needed him to) and moved to the city. He and Emori immediately eloped and he opened a bougie wing restaurant. He sent Bellamy every positive review he got. 
With Murphy gone, Harper took it on herself to annoy Bellamy with questionable music choices. (The weird chicken song was her favorite.) 
Clarke and Bellamy talk about having kids but decide to foster first. Their first placement is a pre-teen named Madi. They end up adopting her. 
Uncle Murphy gave Madi a golden retriever named Picasso. Bellamy was allergic but took a Claratin every morning because the dog made his daughter so damn happy. 

Clarke eventually missed acting. She didn’t really want to go back to the screen, so she ended up auditioning for the local community theater. She played Harper in their production of Angels In America. It made Bellamy cry. 

Levitt became a regular at the bar. (Just because I love him.) 




Chapter End Notes
Can't believe this story I've been working on for over a year is finished. I hope you all enjoyed the ride! 🖤 🖤 🖤 😘 😘 😘



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



