



Lie - minv1330 - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Lie
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17460785.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings, No Archive Warnings Apply, Rape/Non-Con
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | RM, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Omega Verse, Dom Park Jimin (BTS), Sub Kim Taehyung | V, Fluff and Angst, Smut, Freeform, Anal Sex, Anal Fingering, Friends to Lovers, Parenthood, Omega Kim Taehyung | V, Alpha Park Jimin (BTS)
Stats:

        Published: 2019-01-18
          Completed: 2019-02-13
          Chapters: 5/5
        Words: 11498
      

Lie
by minv1330
Summary
"So, best friends?" Jimin awkwardly asked him"Yes" Taehyung gave him a confident smile and they both agreed, they will never talked about this to anyone. Jimin fixed himself before exiting the room while Taehyung who was profoundly staring at him till he disappeared from his sight, still rubbing at the back of his neck, lowered his head and starts smirking."I lied."




Chapter 1



"In this world, everyone has two genders. The primary gender decides if you are a male or female. The secondary gender decides if you are an Alpha, Beta, and Omega. The Alphas are born as a natural leader and grow up to be the elites of society while Betas are average with few outstanding qualities and lastly the bottom of society, Omegas..."  "Sadly I was born an Omega"  As for an idol, health is their top priority. Every month, there are specialists, who visited them to do their monthly checkups.This time of the month, the boys are about to know their secondary gender, such as the Alphas, Betas, and Omegas. Once the male or female reached their maturity stage, they are ought to undergo tests for their gender status."Ok. So now that everyone is here, let's talk about our tests results" says by Namjoon, who's standing in front of them "who wants to go first?""Jin-hyung, since he's eldest" suggested by Yoongi."Age doesn't count, you salty ass gummy bear" Jin annoyingly replied to him."Fine. I'll go first" he facepalm and proceed with the subject "I'm an Alpha. There. I said it""Namjoon-hyung we're the same, I'm so happy" Jimin run to him dramatically in motion and gave him a hug."Ok? Who wants to go next?""I'm a beta" says by Yoongi, who sounded uninterested while raising a hand"I'm also an Alpha" Jimin gave Jungkook a high five while smiling, proudly "yeah, welcome to the club""What about you TaeTae?" Asked by Jimin"I uhm" Taehyung looks away while playing with his index fingers. A subtle panic across to his spine, were his lips are trembling in fear, but slowly put himself at ease and let the words escape from his mouth "I'm a- I'm an Omega" Taehyung lowered his head, wanting to disappeared from everyone's sight."It's fine, I'm also an Omega" Jin protested."Yeah and so what if we're an Omega" followed by J-hope.The two members sat besides him, place an arm and gave him a soft smile to comfort his unwavering feelings."Hyung" there's a sorrow in Taehyung's voice, tears starts to clutter from his eyes and clung his restless hands together while Jimin noticed him at the corner of his eyes, walked closer and waves his hands in front of him "no no, it's ok, don't cry"Taehyung raised his head to face him but the man looks disappointed or perhaps, the man is not disappointed. He is the disappointment.  It's been a week since then and Taehyung who was the most affected one suddenly changed. He looks so lost in his own world. He felt his life wants to end itself. Each day, his life drifts away farther from reality. He feared that everyone might changed and thinking about it, makes him sick. He can't take this shit and draw himself away from others.Lying on the bed, looking at the ceiling, stuck on his own thoughts, grabbing a pillow and buried it, in his restless face."Ya! If you won't stop being an emo kid, I swear to God, I'm gonna burn every last piece of your Gucci clothes" says by his loving best friend, who just came in from the door, looking irritated at the image of a man lying on the bed, having issues. Taehyung didn't move an inch from the bed pretending he didn't heard anything."Go away, I'm having my momentum" Jimin's ears bunt into annoyance as the blood ooze from his head "Aish- you brat"When Jimin was about to attack Taehyung, the young man sit up and face him. Jimin meet his gaze. The sadness from his eyes cannot be interrupt "what do you want?"Jimin sigh and went besides him "look" he paused "you shouldn't be overthinking about it-""Well it's easy for you to say, cu'z you're not in my position""Yes, I may not be in your position but take Jin-hyung and Hoseok-hyung as an example, they are trying to make things work out" Jimin wraps his arm around him and gave him a look of assurance "everything will be alright, trust us" Taehyung smile and felt relieved. After days of thinking pointless thoughts, he finally find himself a piece of mind, Jimin's words, save him from the depths of his sorrow, that have saddened his soul and making him feel whole again."But thinking about" he paused "me, getting pregnant? I- " he made a disgusted look and covers his mouth with his hands "Ya! If you want to vomit, do it in your roo-" Taehyung grab his shirt and sways him back and forth "I don't wanna get pregnant!""Quit it! You'll rip my shirt!" Taehyung let go of his shirt and Jimin fixed it "relax that won't happened and besides you shouldn't be hanging out here more often since it's a little different now says by Hoseok-hyung, he said we can no longer do the things we do such as bath together, sleep together and other stuffs, in which I don't really get why" he lost tracks in his words and starts asking again "also why did he mentioned about changing roommate's? Once his heat star-""I get it" Taehyung walked out and slam the door, after he got out from his room."Huh?" Jimin left dumbfouded and astound as he buried his face down to the pillow and make a slight groan "wait" he sits up "what did I do anyway? I'm just telling him what Jin-hyung and Hoseok-hyung instructed me to do, once their heat started and also what so big deal about this so called "heat" anyway?"Jimin doesn't have a single clue about Omega's heat and how it works. The only information he managed to obtained from the male Omega's are self-lubricating and have the ability to become pregnant, sometimes referred to as being bred or mated but Jimin is unfamiliar with the idea of forming a bond to an Omega.  "Hyung! Hyung! This is bad! This is bad! They're gonna di-""Pipe it down assholes" Yoongi bluntly said it while lying on the sofa, looking scorn to his members, who is been busy walking around back and forth in the game room, causing too much noise in the area."Will the two of you, relax? That won't help anything" Namjoon trying his best to sound calm as possible, just to be an example for Jimin and Jungkook "they'll be fine, it's normal for their health to under go such conditions""Yeah, a never-ending suffering""Not helping Suga-hyung, not helping" Namjoon eyeing Yoongi."What?" Jungkook almost cried, felt numb and weak, the cloud of sadness seems to hang over him. The tastes of his emotions are like a mixtures of coffee and juice, that you can't take it, in one's trip. For him, secondary gender are nothing but a pointless shits "I'm so bad, I-" smothered his face with his hands, recalling his mistakes. He makes fun of his Taehyung-hyung for being so over dramatic and insulted him for being an impotent. Jimin didn't respond to that cu'z even him, find it disrespectful but still managed to gently rub his back and turning his gaze to the older one in front of him "if only we can do something""Of course you can do something" Yoongi smirk while scrolling down through his cellphone "you can do it by just fucking them, it will ease the pain, or if you want, you can just pair with them and take the pain away permanently, it'll be a hundred percent sure" the two went blank from what the older one says."Suga-hyung, say one more word and I'm gonna throw this at you, even if you're a hyung" he paused and glared at him "I will" Namjoon threatened him with a huge bottle of water while looking at him in disgust.When the words finally sync in, a realization abruptly stumbled upon his face, Jimin finally understood what Taehyung means. He's at the point of desperation, wanting to see his soulmate, hold his hand, shows his sincerity, and say "Yes, I promise"  A week before the Omega's heat. The last conversation he had with Taehyung, in the times of his worries and dread. Jimin never left his side since the day Taehyung changed but no matter how hard he tries to make him feel comforted, he just can't get through to him as if he can no longer understands him anymore."Nah, Jimin-ah, do you think once my heat started" there's a trouble in his tone, looks uncertain, moves to his side of the bench, clutches to the handles of it and let out a sigh. It's normal for these two to spend their time together in a roof deck, staring at the night sky while having talk, sharing secret and some other stuffs, such as composing songs, doing art or photography but this time, it's different from the usual, like there's a barrier to keep them close."What is it?" Jimin looks at him in puzzle "It's ok, go on" he insisted."Do you think, you can control yourself once my heat started?""Huh?""I mean, when something happened between us, everything will be changed and we can no longer be best friends since-""What? That's nonsense, there's no way I'm gonna let that happened" he holds Taehyung's hands tightly "you will always be my best friends and no one can change that""Right. Best friend." he lowered his head and smile."And besides, what's so special about this Omega's heat anyways?" At first Taehyung looks disconcerted but eventually, manage to form a soft smile, placing a hand on Jimin's tender cheeks, and touch his plump lips, shivering through his spines but his eyes still lock on Taehyung's gaze. Taehyung decided not to answer his questions instead, so he can protect their friendships and his best friend's innocence at once.  Rigid, painful intervals of burning in the pores of his skin. He was hurting, suffering, from a pain, that words, scream, and tears were not enough. Grasp onto his chest, hard to breathe, tries to vomit but nothing came out."It hurts" he cried."Taehyung-ah" there's a raspy on his voice, trying to reached out for him but having trouble to do so "it'll be over soon, just-" a sudden flaps from his lungs, causing Hoseok to halter from saying another word.As a young Omega, Taehyung will be the one, to suffer the most, out of his members. His heat is less bearable due to his undeveloped physical features of supposedly matured Omega. The three Omegas are being aggregated in one room to prevent them from spreading their pheromones."Hoseok-ah! Taehyung-ah!" Jin shifts to his side's, clutching to his blanket, hold it tightly "you can do it!""Seriously? You've got- to be kidding me" Hoseok who almost loses his shits from the older one, who was only trying to cheer them up "is that the best you can have? Huh?" His weak voice, still managed to respond while the other's can't."Alright you two, I'll take you to your seperate room so prepare yoursel- wow! Is this how deceiving your smell can be? Amazing" someone enters their room without them, knowing it."Shut up!" Hoseok shouts weakly at him."Deceiving my ass" followed by Jin."Chill" Yoongi smirks at them."What are you doing here anyway? How come you're not affected?""Ugh- because I'm a Beta, you brat" Yoongi hissed at Hoseok "I feel so offended""Sorry""Enough, chitchat" Yoongi went to Hoseok and starts carrying him in a bridal style "hold on to me" Hoseok nodded, wraps his arms around him and buries his face on to his chest. Yoongi looks to the other side, in where Taehyung was, after seeing the younger one, he curve his mouth in distress "Taehyung-ah, I'll get you once I dropped Hoseok-ah in his room, okay?" Taehyung couldn't respond to that and so Yoongi left without waiting for his answer.After Yoongi accompanied them to their room, Taehyung who's fidgeting in one place, clutches to his blanket, doing a painful sounds, and hauling his shirt while coughing. The pain makes him wanted to end himself and death is the only way he can think of. In the middle of his dread and concerns, there's a sudden tears appears from the corner of his eyes, seeing an image of a person in his hallucination "Jimin-ah"  After a long night of torment, Taehyung's unable to sleep and continue enduring the pain until there was a creaking sound formed throughout the room, causing him to startle and take a glance behind him. He saw a blonde hair man, standing at the edge of his bed."Taehyung-ah?" The man whispered."Jimin-ah?""A-are you ok? What's happening? How come you-""Jimin-ah, you shouldn't be here, you'll get affected by-" before Taehyung could even finished his sentence, Jimin's already got affected by his pheromones. Jimin became unexpectedly aggressive, in where he place himself at the top of him and starts unbottoning his shirt while Taehyung who is trying his best to stop him from doing it but he's too weak to do so "Jimin-ah, no" Jimin gently touch his lips by his index finger, down to his chest, lean towards his neck and starts licking it. Taehyung makes a slight moan, close his eyes and hold his breathe, while his both hands were pinned down by Jimin's weight of force.Jimin was drastically gripping his wrist, to keep him from moving and continued sucking his neck "Jimin-ah" Taehyung cried his name"Ssshhh, it's alright" he whispered onto his ears "this won't take long" Jimin looks at him with devious smile and lust."I'm scared" his eyelids fluttered, letting his tears fall down from his cheeks."There's no need to fear, we're just playing" Taehyung looks at the ceiling while letting the man savouring him and makes him wonder 'who is this person?'  "No! Stop!" He cried at the top of his lungs but Jimin didn't budge as he continues sucking his neck and starts kissing him roughly. Jimin kisses him to make him stop from causing noise. He explores his tongue through Taehyung's mouth and the more, Jimin deepened the kiss, the more Taehyung feels weird inside him.While they were kissing, Jimin let go of Taehyung's left wrist and starts placing it in his hole and slowly insert his two fingers inside him, causing the younger one, jitter in surprised, makes his heart, beat so fast and hard to breathe."Woah, you're so wet down here" Jimin slightly pulled down his pants and extract his dick, directly to his hole "I wonder, how much you can feel, if I put this inside you without loosen you up?""Hmmm!" Taehyung's eyes widened, after Jimin penetrated his dick inside him and cover his mouth with his hand "this feels good, amazing"'It hurts! It hurts! Please stop' Jimin violently thrust inside him as if it'll break him 'stop! Please! I'm begging you! Jin-hyung! Hoseok-hyung! Help!' He's screaming and crying inside of his head, hoping someone will hears him.  Jimin woke up in someone else bed, gets up, rub his eyes and saw his best friend, curling at the end of it's bed, covering himself with a blanket. Jimin stares at him blankly, blinks his eyes and noticed something. He's naked."T-Taehyung-ah?" His lips were trembling in fear, eyes wide open "w-what did I-" he search for the area and exhale "what did I do!?" Jimin snapped "Jimin-ah, calm down" Taehyung gently smile at him."What do you mean? Calm down? I-" he saw the blood stains from Taehyung's bed and pillow "I've hurted you! I- I hur" Jimin was uncontrollably panicking."Jimin-ah, please calm down, it's fine! I'm fine" he went to him, grab his hand and place it to the right sides of his cheeks "see? I'm fine right?" A tears escape from Jimin's eyes and there's a sudden pinch of pain in Taehyung's chest. As soon as he met Jimin's gaze, Taehyung let go of his hand. He place his hand behind his neck, starts massaging his nape and laugh awkwardly."I- I can't remember anything""Well- yeah, it's normal for Alpha's to get aggressive once they smelled the Omega's pheromones""But- there's something happened between us-""Yeah, but it was nothing, you shouldn't be overthinking about it" Taehyung immediately respond to him, making Jimin confused, furrow his eyebrows and pout his lips. Jimin is not convinced at all, he finds him suspicious."What do you mean? It's nothing? You called that nothing? I've hurted you I-""Jimin-ah" there's a stiff in Taehyung's voice "I've already told you, it's fine didn't I? You said to yourself, that we will always be best friends, right?" He paused "no matter what happened" Jimin gulped and nodded. He knows, Taehyung so well."So, best friend?" Jimin awkwardly asked him."Yes" Taehyung gave him a confident smile and they both agreed, they will never talked about this to anyone. Jimin fixed himself before exiting the room while Taehyung who was profoundly staring at him till he disappeared from his sight, still rubbing at the back of his neck, lowered his head and starts smirking."I lied."Taehyung lied because he said to himself that he's alright but deeply hurt inside. He lied because he said that nothings changed, but the truth there is. Jimin left a bite mark on Taehyung's nape, a mark of a 'fated pair'. Proven that they are no longer be best friends but more than lovers and they will always be together, forever.  It's been one month and a half since then, Taehyung and Jimin haven't forgotten the incident and still trying to act normal as possible. Today, BTS are having their lunch, prepared by Namjoon and Jin with a help of Hoseok and Yoongi. The maknaes are setting the tables and a pillows to sit on while the hyungs are in charge of cooking their meals."Itadakimasu!" Says by Hoseok, who's holding the chopsticks, seperately from both of his hands, acting all cute. They were laughing and talking while eating. A normal routine happened in Bangtan's luxurious dorm."Ya! You know what I noticed" an out of the blue questions, came out from the mouth of the older hyung named Yoongi and caught everyone's attentions."What?" Followed question by Jungkook."Tae's been vomiting recently" Yoongi looks to his direction "are you ok?" Taehyung cough and ended up choking from what the older one says, in where Jin scuffle a glass of water and gave it to him."TaeTae! Are you ok?" Jimin gently rub his back and looks so worried "oh! No! This is bad! Jin-hyung is he ok? Why is he vomiting? Do you also experiencing the same thing? What about you Hoseok-hyung?""Yes, and no, I'm not experiencing the same thing so calm your ass" he deadpanned and sharply look at Jimin for a final blow of respond, after noticing his attention went to the other one "and no, Hoseok is also doing fine" Jimin lowered his head and quiet down "but V" there's a firm in Jin's voice and once the oldest members called him by his screen name, Taehyung knows, Jin is dead serious "I'm going to take you to the hospital whether you like it or not" Taehyung doesn't have a choice but to agreed."I'll come with you" Jimin suggested."No, I'll be the one to join them, not you" Hoseok butt in with a smug on his face "you just wanted to go with them to buy a video games""You're the one to talk, as if your intentions is different from mine""What" paused "are you saying?" Hoseok's playing dumb, trying to trick the younger one."You're just gonna buy new clothes and stuff" Jimin vigorously landed his fists to the table."I also wanted to come" Jungkook raises his hand like a kid while pouting."Me too" Yoongi copied him.While everyone's are minding their own shits, Taehyung who is sitting quietly in his place without making any signs of movements, asking himself of what could've be the result of going to the hospital? Or why does he feel so nervous? If there is nothing to be scared of and how come his heart, beat so fast? "Wait" a word escape from his mouth that only him, who can hear. Taehyung suddenly remembered some changes happened to his body for the past few weeks and starts processing it, bit by bit through his mind, looking at Jimin in disbelief, who is too busy bickering to the other members, a fear of losing him, suddenly stumbled upon his face."Shut up! What do you take this for? A picnic! We're going to the hospital not amusement park!" Taehyung startled from his seat."Ok kids, let's clean up the table and wash the dishes" Namjoon clap his both hands at once."No, you're coming with me" Jin violently grab him.  Heads down, eyes on the white ceramic tile, counting each one of it. Minds filled with lurking thoughts, hands are sweating, knees are shaking and lips are trembling."Mr. Kim" the woman in white, called him."Goodluck" Namjoon pat him on the shoulder."What do you mean goodluck? Ugh nevermind, we'll wait you here outside" Taehyung nodded and went inside of the room.Jin and Namjoon are sitting on the bench near the room, in where Taehyung was, the two members been buying drinks and snacks. Talking and giggling to kill some time. After for a long wait of waiting, Taehyung finally emerge from the room, looking dead on the inside, walking like a zombie, sorrow in his eyes, lips form in distress and the sight of disturbance on his face won't fade."So how was it?" Jin shows his enthusiasts, to cheer him up."What happened? Are you ok?" Namjoon asked."What kind of question is that? Isn't that already obvious? He's not ok" Jin snapped."Well sorry" they both looked at Taehyung, waiting for his response, as if they were watching some animes with intensifying scenes."Hyung" the young man finally spoke and cleared his throat "I'm pregnant" 



Chapter 2



"What did you just-" Namjoon slightly dropped his jaw, eyes wide open, shattering in disbelief and body become stiff as a rock. They were being haunt by this scruffy feelings that projects the surroundings dreadfully."Who did this?" Jin broke the silence and clasps Taehyung's arms."I- I" eyes on the ground, words won't come out."Is it Jungkook?""Hyung, I don't think the kid, can do that" Namjoon undo Jin's hands gently from Taehyung's arms that were engraved firmly "calm down, just give him time to speak, I'm sure Taehyung-ah is a lot more shocked than us""Hyung" Taehyung burst into cry, feeling devastated as if the whole world betrays him. He never asked for this, in fact he fear this to happened, so why? There is a ton of questions running through his mind. Jin gave him a hug and ruffle his hair "Ssshhh, it's alright, you don't have to speak, just let it out"After an hour, Taehyung's still unable to speak, Namjoon soothes him while Seokjin was having a conversation with the doctors, who did the tests. He forbids them, from exposing Taehyung's medical records in the public, also in their company and no matter how hard he try, searching for a conclusions to all of this, it's useless. That's why, Jin needs the truth.  "Taehyung-ah, I'm going to ask you, one more time, who did this?" Jin asked him, once they got home, proceeds to his room and slam their asses on the bed. Taehyung gave him a distraught look on his face, eyes getting teary, chest tightens and hands clutching. A terror of losing someone is entangled beneath him 'it's a mistake, it's a mistake' Taehyung repeated those words inside his head. Jin place his hands on his cheeks and lean closer "Taehyung-ah" Jin called out his name, in a soft voice. Taehyung flinched and looks into his eyes "hyung, it's not his fault""Huh?""It was an accident" there's a panic, in Taehyung's voice."Ok?" Namjoon looks skeptical "then, who did it?" Taehyung looks away, avoiding an eye contact with them. Jin closed his eyes and exhale "look, here's a thing, are you going to keep the child or not?""Huh? Wha- what do you mean?" Taehyung looks in puzzle."If you don't want to ruin your image as an idol and continue your career, then you will have to undergo an abortion, Tae""What? No! I'm keeping this child!" Taehyung immediately place a hands on his tummy, wraps it around him, as if he's hugging himself and pout."Well if you want to keep it, then you will need to tell me who did it?" He exclaimed "you should be aware that you can't never hide this forever and sooner or later, everything will be revealed" he paused "and if by that time, you still haven't told me, who is the father of that child, everyone will suspects you as a rape victim and makes a false rumors about it" placing a hand on his shoulder "trust me, you don't want that to happened" Taehyung gulped and curve his mouth in distress."But he doesn't love me hyung, he doesn't love me the way, I love him" Namjoon falter as if he got a hunch "don't tell me it's-""Jimin" Jin complete his sentence and the way he mentioned his name, it's not a even a question. They sure are the plausible duo in the group, Jin and Namjoon can easily tell, what are the needs and wants of each members, whether if it's a moral support or necessity for advice. Jin and Namjoon knows everything about Taehyung's feelings for Jimin but they decided not to get involved by it "Did he- did he forced himself to you?" Namjoon asked."Well, it's normal for Alpha's to get aggressive, right?""So this happened, in our first heat?" Jin snapped his fingers in front of him "That's why, from our last heat this month, you can managed to endure it""Yeah, I guess so" Taehyung agreed but still clueless"But Taehyung-ah, you should tell him the truth, he deserves it even if he can't accept you or the child, it's fine" Namjoon landed his palm against his "you got us and yes of course, there will be a huge disaster in our group, if that happens but hey, it's Jimin we're talking about here so we should still trust him" Namjoon smile softly at him."He's right Tae, we're all on this together" Jin pat him gently."Hyung, thank yo-" Taehyung got interrupted by the creaking sound of the door. A terrifying expression that fabricated all over their faces are unexplainable. Body jerks, vibrate like an earthquake. Their body and mind go seperate ways. No one has the guts, to speak or move as if they were being surrounded by a predators that will gobbles them."I'm sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdropping but I kinda-" he paused, as if he's looking for a right word or more of a stupendous alibi to cover up his wrong doings for minding someone else shits "I sort of a-" tapping his finger on his chin, eyes on the ceiling "no no, that's still not it, I-""What the fuck are you doing here?" Jin snapped."You see, I heard a loud whispers in this room so I-""A loud. Whispers. Really?" Namjoon raised an eyebrow and click his tongue."If you're making an alibi, could you come up with something more realistic and less conceiving" Jin monotonously said it."Ha. Ha. Very funny""We're not making jokes here, Hoseok-ah" Namjoon said it stiffly."R-Right, sorry" eyes shifts, in where Taehyung was, furrows his brow while looking dismay "so, you're pregnant?" Mouth forms in a mug "with Jimin's child?" After Taehyung nod, Hoseok gave in, knees reaches the floor, eyes were flooding in tears, lure himself between Taehyung's thigh and wraps his arms around him. Taehyung who is sitting on the bed, leans over, grasp onto Hoseok's back, buried his face on his shoulder and let out a sob "Taehyung-ah, it's ok, you got us, I'm sure your in depths of sorrow right now but I just wanted to tell you, that we will always be here" Taehyung nods one more time, wipes his face and sigh "thank you, hyung""Sure thing buddy" Hoseok petting his chin, like what he usually do and smile."But hyung, I still need more time" he said it, straightforwardly."Of course" Jin replied.  Everyone are having their breakfast peacefully until there is this one member, who starts a ruckus over a ramen. He looks delightfully happy sharing his cup of noodles to the other one as if it's their traditions to eat this specific ramen together but this person starts refusing him and makes a growling sounds after the noodles coincide directly to his nose."What the hell is wrong with you?" Jimin exclaimed "we used to eat this together""Yeah, I'm sorry" after his appetite swirls and almost vomited, Taehyung wipes his mouth with his sleeves."You used to love the smell of this ramen and saviours every last piece of it" Jimin furrowed his brow "how can you be this rude?""Ah- it's because he's pregna-" Hoseok immediately covered his mouth with his hands, eyes wide open, spoon slipped from Namjoon's hand while Seokjin was eyeeing Hoseok, giving him a death glare."Say what? Now?" Jimin turns his attention to the terrified man, who is still in pajamas "I- we- Taehyung-ah and I saw a pregnant cat on the street, who gave birth to her newly- born- child?" Taehyung was looking at Jimin, hoping and praying that his best friends will believes in him."Ok?" Jimin looks skeptical."Yea- yeah! that's right! So probably Taehyung-ah remembers it that he almost throw up""What? That's nonsense. Cat is the most precious thing in the world, how can you act that way? If I were you, I would even take pictures of it""Yeah, exactly, I'll even included them on my G.C.F" Jungkook agrees while his mouth is full of cereals."Where's your damn manners? You imbecile" Yoongi landed his fist on the table."Ah? Where is yours?" Jungkook rolled his eyes, sounded like an irritated teenage girl."You brat" Yoongi buzz off from his seat, in where his chair stumbled on the floor, loudly. He grabs a spoon and points at him while the other man did the same, as if they were a marksman fighting in a battlefield. A clanking and clicking sound formed throughout the kitchen followed by a laughter and a clapping sounds coming from Hoseok and Jimin while Taehyung was looking at them blankly. Namjoon loses his temper and stood up, draw himself between them, shoving the two unrestrained members away from each other "Stop it! Stop it already! Sto-" the two won't stop until Seokjin come up with them."Kookie, if you don't stop this now, I'll confiscates your precious camera for two weeks" Jungkook stares at him "and?""I will let Namjoon have it" Jungkook dropped his jaw in disbelief."and Yoongi" Jin shifts to his direction "I will lock the door in your studio for-""Hyung, I still need to finish that song or else the producers gonna whoops our asses in rage""Ok? Then 3 days""What? Hyung the deadline will be on 3 days, we will be dead for sure""I don't care, I'm Seokjin""Seriously?""Aren't you being unreasonable? Hyung"this time, the maknae retorts back."Aren't you two being too loud, early in the morning?" Jin crosses his arms "now go""But-" Yoongi still trying"No more buts, just go" the two went quiet, feeling threatened and left the kitchen without saying a word."Wow. How did you do that? Amazing" Hoseok looks astonished."That's what you call, the power of parenting" Jimin snap his finger and points it at Hoseok with a smug."Says by you" Jin rolled his eyes "and since you're the one who started this mess, you'll be doing the dishes""Me? Why me? I didn't start this mess, so why me?"Oh yes you are, if it weren't for that stupid questions of yours" Jin draw a sharp look on his face "so next time, quit asking" Taehyung mop and mow, looking anxious to his friend, as if there's a remorseful feelings, wandering off inside him."So mean" Jimin looks away, lowered his head and pout.  "Ah fuck""Ah""Hmmm""Hah""You brat" he exhales "this actually feels" bite his lips "good" panting.The two chaotic members, who was supposed to be grounded, ended up fucking in a room, unexpectedly. After they flew off from the kitchen and lock themselves in a room, feeling upset for getting scolded. There's a sudden heat that circulates all over their body. At first the older one refuses to get fucked by a brat, he demanded that Jungkook forced him on the bed. Yoongi doesn't wanted to relent till he's fully spent and so Jungkook starts by removing his clothes, kiss and bite him all over, so very slowly."Yes, that's it" he trembles and shakes as the maknae licks him up right. They both ended it with a kiss "hah""Don't tell anyone about this" Jungkook smile mockingly, leans his back on the wall while Yoongi is resting on his chest and wraps his arms around him."You brat" Yoongi hits him in the head"Ow"  Split upon the breathing tide, the sounds of a sigh, a heavy breathing echos the room. Hearts beating, sweat forms on their skins, adorn by salty appetence. Rehearsal sure is tiring. After practice, everyone scattered in every corner of the room, lie on the floor, playing through their cellphones or other's are just fooling around."Woah!" Screamed by blond haired man, pushes his members in surprised, who almost trip."Hey! Watch it!" The complainant Jin, jumped out from his seat, in where his heart skipped a beat, lift his arms and catches Taehyung "will you be careful next time?""What's with you? TaeTae and I are just playing" Jimin replied."Then don't, stop playing with him""Huh?""N- Now, now, let's try not to get-" Taehyung's gesturing his hands to calm them down."Fine, whatever" Jimin left while scratching the back of his head and tapping his feet in annoyance."You ok?" Taehyung nod. Hoseok asked him before following Jimin. Hoseok's balancing the both parties as possible and make things work out while at the same time upholding the heavy burdens."Yeah!" Jungkook gave Yoongi a spanked. While everyone are in deep trouble, there is these two other clueless members, who are also having their momentum."That hurts! You dumb fuck!" Rub his butt gently "my back still hurts, damnit""How so?" Jungkook form a perverted smile, wiggled his eyebrows in awe.Yoongi stares at him blankly, there is no words that can express his feelings to the younger one as he blinks his eyes twice "ah, it's because you shove your enormous dick inside my ass, brat""Riiight"  Egg, flour, sugar and butter, pouring in a bowl at once, mix it then taste it "no, you dumb bitch, you're not supposed to tastes that, it's still raw" the boys are gathered in one room, trying to discovered new skills in baking such as cakes but they ended up making pancakes since they burned the first one."Ouch mom, it hurts" Jungkook cried."Who's your mom?" Jin merged in exasperation to the maknae "ah, whatever John cock""Grumpy""Wimpy""Jesus Christ, will you two knock it off" Namjoon facepalm."Hyung, I get it" he caught everyone's attention by his energetical voice "we should put a little amount of cooking oil in the pan so that we won't burn the pancakes""Wow, no shit, Sherlock" Jin retorted "Wow, that sure is helpful, Jimin-ah, genius" Namjoon rolled his eyes while being sarcastic."Wow, you're all such piece of dick, amazing" Jimin shrugged and made a scowling look on his face "why are you all being so mean to me as if I've done something wrong" paused "what? Do you think I wouldn't noticed that, huh? The way you treated me, this past few days?" Taehyung draw near him and place a hand on his shoulder, trying to comfort him but at times like this, Taehyung is clueless."Well you know what, I'm done" Jimin walks away with full of rage "I'm done""Jimin-ah" 



Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




After an hour of searching, Taehyung found him in his room, buried his face on the pillow while his body are fully lied on the bed. Taehyung bite his lips till it's red, a beefy sound, swat on his forehead after hitting himself in pester and muttered in pain. How stupid of him for not knowing that Jimin can only be found in his room whenever he's upset. As if they find each other's scents so calming and weaving."You ok?" Taehyung sat beside him and carries his hair gently.Jimin scoop up his head and face him without changing his position "what do you think?" He rolled his eyes."I'm sorry""You don't have to" Jimin sit up, crosses his legs, while hugging a pillow "it's clearly that it's them, who's being an ass" Taehyung lowered his head, couldn't say anything. It's depressing, how troublesome it can be, for not being able to speak the truth."Probably, they're just tired""Tired my ass Tae, we're all tired here" he wave his hand in exasperation "they don't even have the reason to fuck some shit out of me, so why?" tears start to form in the corner of his eyes. Taehyung felt agitated after seeing those eyes, sympathetically "why are they being such a jerk, as if I've done something wrong?" Jimin hold his hands "Taehyung-ah, do you know anything?" Jimin looks at him innocently.Taehyung cleared his throat. There's a horror written on his face, evading those eyes and bite his tongue "n- no, I don't know anything""Oh I see" there's a disappointment in his tone, in where Taehyung felt it "you know what I noticed about you? Lately""W- What?" Taehyung flinched and hearts starts raising uncontrollably."You've been saying sorry to me, more often""W- Why? Is it weird?" Taehyung jerks off, hands clutching on his bed."No, it's just that, its-" he paused "it's strangely cute" Taehyung pout and Jimin noticed his reaction "in a good way" Jimin pinched his cheeks and Taehyung giggled."It's been a while since I've heard that huh" from a pinched, Jimin ends up stretching out his hand and carries Taehyung's tender cheek "I don't know why but even if you're here with us, I'd still feel you're far from me that I couldn't reached" Jimin draw near him and lean closer as their noses affix to one another "and It scares me" he presses his lips against him. Taehyung didn't protest as he let the man pushes his lips deeper."Will you let me?" Taehyung nod.Jimin grabbed his waist as Taehyung pulled his crotch, imploringly. Taehyung quivered in pleasure and jabbed out his hips. He pulled off his shirt as Jimin slowly undid him. Taehyung dropped to his waist and guided him to suck his length. The blonde one, let out a sigh and moaned. He playfully licks the tip of his dick as he managed to deep throat it as a whole, in where Jimin gasped into the thin air, bite his lips, place a hands on it's head and spit his withdrawal in Taehyung's face "s- sorry" Taehyung shakes his head and smile. Jimin lay him on the bed, kiss him gently and explored his tongue inside his. Jimin grabbed his throbbing cock and slipped it inside him "hmmm" Taehyung engrained his nails in Jimin's flesh as the man moves slowly.In the middle of their coalition, there's a sudden voice of an infant had possess the room. While being swayed by the man he loves, Taehyung become cautious and alarming. He's not allowed to have sex while he's still pregnant. The pregnant male Omegas are forbidden to do inappropriate act that can harm their child, their pregnancy are delicate and dangerous but instead of stopping his best friends, Taehyung let the man devours him and continued as he pleased "no, this the only way I can comfort him"After the passionate and lustful night, Taehyung who is unable to sleep, rest his back on the wall and gape to the sleeping man besides him. A teardrops that successfully fall on his face, sniffing and sobbing in agony. Wipes his nose, lay a hands on his belly and rubs it gently."I'm sorry"  Alone, terrified of the landscape of the built fantasies within the realm of wonderful dreams. This world feels so unreal, that the imaginated landscape has more truth to it than the wandering amongst an earth with a falsities. Everything is dark pitch and foggy, his eyes are getting blurry by the empty spaces of nothingness but he can hear voices."No please! Stop! It hurts" he stroll and follow the voice. He runs in the amidst of darkness, searching for an escape but it's nowhere to be found until there's an odd image of a white shadows appears in front of him, hands reaching out but suddenly spoke "you killed me"He grasp into the thin air, hands slipped through his neck while coughing "Jimin-ah you ok?" Jimin shifts to his side, seeing a worried Taehyung on his gaze."Yeah, I'm ok""Nightmares?" Taehyung furrow his brow."Yeah""Wanna talk about it?" Jimin peers into his eyes but manage to restores back his senses and looks away."No, I'm good" Jimin place his hands on Taehyung cheek and gave him a complacent smile "I'm sorry for worrying you" Taehyung felt relieved and sighed while holding the back of his hands that were engaged on his cheek."Ya!""Hmmm""How was your checkups in the hospital, last week?""Fine""Fine?""Yeah, it's just a headache""Oh, that's good to know then"  "Taehyung-ah can I ask you?""Yeah?" Taehyung who is squatting down to the floor, settling the portable speaker while moving to his side "what is it?""What is that scars on your nape? That it's almost looks like a bite mark" Jin who is bewildered on his part, can't get enough of the image of his nape."O- Oh, this?" Taehyung choked, having trouble to speak"And don't lie to me, I know your secret""R- Right" this time, Taehyung face him, eye to eye "I got this from-" he paused "Jimin""Wait- did you just-" Jin massages his temple, completely dumbfounded, lost track in his thoughts "you mean a bite mark of a fated pair?" Jin exclaimed. Good thing the rest of the members including Jimin are not around. It echos the room with Jin's voice, Taehyung flaps, searching for someone else presence before answering "y- yeah""So when are you going to tell him about this?""I- I don't know, I mean I'm still not ready to tell him about-" he cut himself and stare in his belly."Jesus Christ, Tae" he exhaled "I know, I get it, you're not ready but Tae" Jin grabs Taehyung's shoulders "for the love of God, tell this to him right away" as soon as Taehyung nod, the members entered the practice room."Jin-hyung" Namjoon called him."What?" Jin looks distracted, too lazy to drag his feet near them, after he completely brought himself to them. He saw a very serious looking Namjoon aka Rap Monster."Say your sorry" Namjoon demanded while Jin shifts his gaze to the other members, hiding in his back."Yeah, why are you being so mean to him? Do you think, I wouldn't noticed that huh?" Yoongi wraps his arm to the young Alpha, who is less dominant on the outside but wild and superior on the inside."I'm sorry" Jin rolled his eyes and shrugged "there, happy?""Hyung" Jimin who sounded like he was about to cry, facing Namjoon with puppy eyes "oh come one, don't look at me like that, you know how powerless I can be, when it comes to Jin-hyung, the important here is, I've done my part and say my sorry""Just kidding, I'm sorry" Jin hugs him and ruffled his hair "I know, I went too far this past few days-""Yeah totally" buried his face in Jin's shoulder."and ended up being an asshole""But you are an asshole" Jimin sniffed."Seriously, don't push it" Jimin laughed in response and went to Taehyung with a bright smile scribble on his face "hey, thank you for last night""Of course" Taehyung smiled back to him, weakly."You ok now buddy?" Hoseok who suddenly appeared and gave Jimin a back hugged"Yeah"While everyone are too busy practicing their choreography. Taehyung felt a sudden weakness in his bones, chest tightens and hard to breathe. He grasped onto his shirt trying to controls his balance by leaning to the glass wall until he couldn't hold it anymore and collapsed in front of everyone."Tae- Taehyung-ah!""Someone call an ambulance!"  A body filled with familiar dread. Their heads is said to be quite fretful, the restlessness of their emotions, address their state of mind and the distressed thoughts run around triumphantly. Their jittery heart beats so fast as they wish for all of this to stop."Doctor, how was it?"The doctor lifting his glasses up and down "Mr. Kim is in critical state right now?""H- Huh? What do you mean?" Jin who is in charge of asking the details since he's the eldest while the rest of the members are waiting for the doctor's answer."Is he experiencing stress? This past few weeks?""Stress? What does it have to do with this?" Jimin couldn't holding it anymore and so he asked."You see, stress is dangerous for the baby-""W- Wait, a baby?""Yeah, you didn't know, Mr. Kim is almost 3 months pregnant now""P- Pregnant!?" Jimin can almost feel the pressure and ready to lose his sanity as he looks in every members in disbelief, feeling betrayed."Yes, and due to stressed, over fatigued, lack of sleep, no proper medicine for his pregnancy" there's a grim in doctor's expressions "the baby is in great danger and there's a possibility that he will lose the child""W- What?"



Chapter End Notes
To be continuedThis part was actually connected to chapter 2 but I decided to make it as chapter 3.


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It sits in his stomach, the anxiety that lingers through his veins and to his all other internal organs. Everyone is staring at him while trying so hard to stay standing but his heart is raising, lungs are tightening as he sinks down against the wall and take into the fetal position. One of the members reach out for him as he crouch down and lay a hand on his shoulder. They both stare at each other as if there's a message brought into his eyes while the others is reading it l, quizzically."Hyung I killed it"Jimin said those words while his hands are fully hanging on the air as if he lost something or someone that slipped through his hands. Jin didn't say a word, grasped onto him and let the young man rest his head on his shoulder and buries his face till his shirt gets soaked by the man's tears.  "What a. Great performance" the female host gestures her hands in a clap while the audience followed her with a screaming and shouting "isn't that right, partner?""Of course, it's our non other than BTS" this time, the male host raises his voice, by the time, he pronounces the group named "BTS"Everyone are all celebrating for the success of their new album, from grossing to YouTube views. Everything is indeed successful, they tosses their champagne up high and make an uproar of victory or perhaps not everyone. Taehyung sat on the couch, took his cellphone from his pocket and play some game application until he got bored. After the boredom strikes in, he left the others behind which is his members and enters a room.Someone noticed his presence is no longer be found in the area and so this certain someone starts looking out for him but on a comical trail, this person doesn't need to search in every corner of the house as if there's a an invisible footsteps that only him, can see. He opens the door without knocking, barges inside the room and approached the other male in the room by peaking into his shoulder "he sure is sleeping so soundly huh?" He said it in a very low tone voice."Yeah" Taehyung form a soft smile while his eyes are darted to the small figured on his arms "he's so cute""Well what can you say, he got it from me""Quit saying nonsense things or you'll wake him up" as soon as Taehyung warns Jimin from saying a word that will might wake their child, it's already too late cu'z the rest of the members embarked into the room, so loudly."What's a hold up?" Screamed by the drunk maknae who is holding a bottle of wine while dancing."You've got some serious shits going on inside your head, how can you used a baby's rhyme song as your jam?" Jimin snapped, turning his attention to his wife and child "now look what you've done" he said those words in the middle of his gritted teeth."What's the problem?" Jin take a closer look and saw the baby is awake but not crying "so what's the deal? He's not crying" Jin steal the infant from Taehyung's arm and Taehyung just smile in returned with a grim and terror on his face causing Jimin to panicked "n- now, now" gesturing his hands to calm him down but on the look of his face, he won't be waver "ya!" This time Jimin screamed at them but no one listened."Ya! I'm next, to hold him!" Hoseok's hands was lifted, waiting for Namjoon to bring the child onto his arms."No! I'm next!" Followed by Yoongi."Me first!" Jungkook trying to compete with Yoongi."Knock it off, he's not a ball" there's a remorseful tone on Jimin's voice and while his eyes are glued to them, he felt a warm hand lapping on his shoulder and gape behind him."Our son truly is the luckiest child in the world huh?" said by Taehyung."Yeah, lucky indeed" they both stared at the sight of their chaotic members, who are fighting over a baby."A child with seven dad's" by the last statement that Taehyung's said, everyone's attention are drawn to them."Who would've thought, after everything happened, we're all on this together" said by Jin who is about to cry."Yeah" Namjoon exhale with a smile "so now that everything is settled" Namjoon shifted his attention to the other two members who are busy playing with the baby as they felt the atmosphere turned heavy."What?" Jungkook sent them a skeptical look on his face, his left arms are placed around Yoongi's shoulders while the others are holding the small foot of an infant that was carried by Yoongi as if in everyone's eyes, they look like a happy family."So how's the things between you and Yoongi?" Asked by Jin."Heh, what are you saying?" Yoongi rolled his eyes, trying to trick everyone by being dumbfounded."Hyung, stop it, you're not good at lying" Jimin smirked, arms around Taehyung's waist."I thought, it's him and Hoseok-hyung?" Followed questions by Taehyung, making the situation more complicated and so the quiet Hoseok in the corner, ended up spitting is drink."W- What about me?" His eyes moves back and forth, from Yoongi, Jungkook and to the rest of the members "what did I do?""Fine, Jungkookie, Hoseok-ah and I aren't a thing but we're just- y'know" Yoongi makes everyone panicked."Yeah. Ok. We get it. So how the things work out?" Paused. Facepalm and sighed "for the three of you?" Namjoon looking dismay."Well, as you can see, the three of us are sex buddies, no wait-" Yoongi draw near Hoseok and pass the baby onto his arms "actually Hoseok-ah and I are ready to go to the next level but we're aware that we can't build a family since Beta doesn't have the ability to impregnate an Omega, that's why-" he grab Jungkook by his arms "we got him and I also love this brat""I love you too, hyung" Jungkook throw himself to Yoongi " and I also love you too, Hoseok-hyung""Riiight" Hoseok cringes and happy at the same time."So there you have it, we're good in this kind of setup, any complaints?""Wow" Jimin clap his hands in awe "their love story surely is better than Twilight""As long as you three are happy then I'm happy" Namjoon gave his blessings to them."I- I don't know what to say" Jin buried his face on Namjoon's chest."Congratulations hyung, can I have my son now?"They may be hiding it for now, to the world or to the entire galaxy but hey they still got plenty of time to rejoice this moments with full of joy and embrace every last piece of it. Do it while it lasts and face the consequences later.



Chapter End Notes
The EndEpilogue will be on next week. Thank you for reading. It really means a lot :)))


Epilogue




 "Bite" 
During the mating seasons, in where Taehyung experiencing his first heat and being force to become one to the person whom he really loves. Yes, he may love him but he's afraid of what could possibly be happen? I mean after all, he hates changes.Sighing. Panting. Sweating. Grasping to his side till he's knuckles turns white, moans and heavy breathing filled the room with thermal atmosphere, eyes getting swollen from crying. Taehyung's facing the wall, trying to get a way from the man, who's gripping his hips while being thrust, harshly "hmmm" a sound escape from his unopened mouth after a warm liquid permeate inside him."This is the second time, he came inside me" another tear fall down from his eyes "I'm scared" place his hands onto his mouth "I don't wanna get pregnant"In the middle of his dread, Jimin lean closer to his shoulder, a warm breeze dispersed onto his neck till Jimin unexpectedly bites his nape. Taehyung gasped, eyes wide open, and face him, in disbelief. Jimin smile deviously and lick his thumb with Taehyung's blood on it."I don't know why, but my instinct tells me to do it" Jimin carries his face "and it's satisfying cu'z I feel like, I own you now" a shivers runs through his spine as Taehyung stare into his eyes, his eyes that was being occupied by greed and lust.Jimin kiss him once again, spread his legs and vigorously slipped his dick inside him "no, please, no more" Taehyung cried.Their first time may be traumatic and horrible but now that they are together as a family, they gloss it over with happy moments and make love to satisfy each other's needs.  
  "This is life" 
"I-""What?" Taehyung stares into his eyes for more than a second "it's ok, go on""I want an ice cream" he said those words with puppy eyes and a cute pouty lips in the middle of the night at 3 am, in which Jimin was already travelling in his own dreams."R- Right" Jimin hurriedly get up from their bed, grabs his jacket without changing his clothes cu'z going to a convenient store in a pajama is a normal thing to do like brushing your teeth everyday."Is there anything else?" Taehyung shakes his head.After 15 minutes of waiting, Jimin came in to the room with two large paper bags, full of different flavors of ice creams and scattered it in their bed "so yeah, I bought every ice cream flavors available in the convenient store"Taehyung gave him a peck on the lips and start grabbing one of the gallons of ice cream "thank you"  "Jimin-ah""Hmmm""I want some kimchi chigae made by you""I'm sorry, what?" massaging his temple, mind still processing from what his wife tells him to do or did he heard him right? Well which is it? Everything seems wrong because first of all, he don't cook, he don't know how to cook and cooking is not for him."Jimin-ah, please" Taehyung didn't repeat himself as he clung to Jimin's arm and rest his head to his shoulder."R- Right"  Jimin sure can't resist his baby's cuteness and so he asked for the help of the most powerful man in this household, Seokjin. The Omega blink his eyes twice to other male in front of him, who's busy telling him the scenario happened earlier and there's no words that can express his feelings right now?"Jimin-ah" the man finally spoke "you don't cook""I know, I know but-""Then why did you say yes?""You know that he's craving right? So I don't have a reasons to refuse him, no matter how sickening his request can be like last time, he asked for a sundae-""So what's with that?""He dip the burger on the sundae, hyung" he exhaled "he even put mustards in it""O- Ok, you really need some serious help" Jin clap his hands at once and starts moving "ok let's get on with this, also we need the assistance of Kookie""Got it"  "All set" Jin placing the other side dish on the tray "done" they bring the dishes to the craving Omega and set the table in the dining room, in where Taehyung sat on the floor, crosses his legs, pickup the chopsticks, and looks at them."What?" Jimin is confused and so he asked because the least and foremost, the pregnant male Omega haven't tasted the food and yet he's already making a face?"Jimin-ah, I don't think, I can eat this-""You what?" Jungkook exclaimed."What do you mean Taehyung-ah?" Jin asked calmly."I think the baby changed his mind-""Oh yeah, tell your child not to be picky-" Jimin hurriedly covered Jungkook's mouth while pulling him away "hyung, I'm not yet done- hmmm!""Hmmm!" Jin who just sighed while helping Jimin to stop the maknae from his exasperation."Ok, so what do you wanna eat now?""I'm sorry, I know, I'm being such a pain and troublesome lately, that I'm giving you all a hard time and-""No don't say that" Jimin cut him off."Yeah that's not true, right?" Jin elbowing Jungkook who's now guilty after seeing his hyung's worried face."Yeah, I- I'm sorry, hyung"Mood swings, cravings, sure is troublesome but no matter hard it can be, they can still find ways how to deal with it, happily.   "I love you""All this time" his jaw clenched trying to control himself "you knew all along"Jimin looks each one of them in disgust, the flames rise up inside him, an inferno words are all screaming inside his head, his hands are coerced into a fist and his eyes are glistening."I don't" everyone's attention turns to the older members who's raising a hand wearing an uninterested look on his face "I have no clue, no wait- I'm not even informed that I'm not part of this group anymore" Yoongi shrugged, raise an eyebrow "what the fuck guys, no invite? To your so called "top secret community"""Shut up, Yoongi""No, you shut up"There was an intense between Yoongi and Jin as they both darting to one another, a frustrated heat fills them as if behind those eyes, they were cursing one another in each others mind."I don't know anything as well hyung" Jungkook who is also disappointed and feeling left out "it's so sad to think that I have already gained my hyungs trust since I started opening up with them but-" he exhaled trying to hold back his tears "I'm wrong""No, don't say that" Namjoon walks closer and wraps his arms around him."What? So you're saying that the kid was lying? Huh?""Will you shut the fuck up already? Yoongi" Jin explodes in where he could almost beat the man into pulp, grabbed Yoongi by his shirt, Hoseok who's besides him, hold his wrists and grips it"If you fuckers won't stop, I'm gonna beat the shit out of you" Hoseok pushes Yoongi and Jin away from each other."Will you all assholes, shut up!" Jimin exclaimed "I'm the victim here""R- Right, I'm sorr-" Jin paused "well you know what, I shouldn't be apologizing-""Why you piece-"Before Yoongi could even draw near Seokjin, the two members stop him from attacking, which is Namjoom and Jungkook "knock it off already!" Namjoon who couldn't control himself anymore and so he yelled at the older members in rage.The maknae slam his hyung on the wall "Hyung, stop" Jungkook said it in a very low tone voice as if there's a threat beneath it."Yeah, you heard me right Yoongi, Jimin, I shouldn't be apologizing to you or to any of you" Jin is panting while glaring at Jimin "Taehyung-ah asked me a favor not to telling it to anyone about this, especially you" Jin paused then exhaled "you know why?" Jimin gulped, couldn't say a word, he's afraid of hearing the truth."Because Taehyung-ah is afraid of losing you Jimin-ah, he's so scared that you won't be able to accept him and your child""W- Why would he think that way?""Because he thought, you don't love him""T- That's not true""Well if it's not true then- huh?" Jin left dumbfounded from what he have heard."We thought you don't love him back that's why, we supported Taehyungie's decision" Namjoon looks astound and regretful for not noticing that because for him as a leader, he thought it's his responsibility to know every details about his members even the tiniest things about them but now he thinks he failed."I hide it because I don't want to ruin our friendships and so I acted normal as possible around him or sometimes be dense like I don't care" for a moment there, Jimin became stunned, wandering down the floor, there's a sudden change of expression written on his face causing the other members to get affected by it as if it's a plague that spread around them."Y- Ya, what's wrong?" There's a vague on his voice, Yoongi sounded uncertain but manage to approached him."H- Hyung" Jimin suddenly remembered on how the doctor explained to him, the details about the pregnancy of male Omega on what can possibly harm the baby."I killed it" there's a teardrops fall down from his eyes while his hands are fully hanging on the air wherein the oldest members immediately grabs him for a hug as Jimin keep on repeating those words painfully "Hyung I think, I killed it, I killed it, I kill-" Seokjin let him cried till shirt soaked off from the man's tears and the rest of the members cried along with him.  Hand on his forehead, forcing his unstable body to rise, grasping to the handles of the hospital bed and makes a slight groans."Don't-" The man hold him from his arms and help him to get up "force yourself""T- Thank you" there's a tension filled the room as if no one has the guts to speak or make an eye contact with each other and they can clearly hears each other's breathe due to the awkward silence."I- I'm sorry for worrying-""Stop" Jimin narrowed his eyes "I had enough of your apologies""Jimin-ah I can expla-""You know what, I'm aware that I don't have the rights to get mad at you or to any of you but I'm also aware that you shouldn't hide it from me" Jimin lapping his hands on his cheek "Taehyung-ah I think, I deserve to know the truth no matter what the results is" Taehyung couldn't say a word and so he cried "I'm sorry-""No, I'm sorry" Jimin kissed him on the forehead "I'm sorry because I became a selfish ass and forced you to do the things that is bad for you""H- Huh?""Yes, Taehyung-ah I also knows about it, you should have told me that night? Why didn't you tell me?""Because that's the only way I can comfort you""Ugh, you're just making me, the worst person as possible""N- No that's not it-""No it's ok, I get it already""No, I did that because I also wanted to" Jimin's face turns bright red as a tomatoes and the embarrassment circulates all over him."B- But still why didn't you tell me?" Before Taehyung could even speak, Jimin cut him off "no wait, let me guess, because you don't want to ruin our friendship?""Y- Yes""Argh, Taehyung-ah what do you take our relationship for? Friends with benefits?""Again, yes""Seriously? Why would I even asked for your permission that night? If I only see you as someone who will provides my needs as a man""S- So, does that mean? W- We're-""That night when you accepted me and let me do it with you, I thought that I am no longer your best friend but more than that""J- Jimin-ah""Also that night, when I saw a bite mark on your nape, the day before you collapse at the practice room, I asked someone about it and I find out that it's a bite mark of a fated pair... on how it works between the two persons" Jimin carries his face while Taehyung stare into his gleefully eyes that  evit says everything "that is also why, I approaches you and thank you because you finally accepted me as your forever""Jimin-ah I love you""I- I""W- What? Did I say it out of the blue? I said that because I got carried away by your cheesy confession? Wait is that a confession? If not, I'm sorry for misleading-" Jimin touches his lips against his.
"I love you"
   "Conflict" Gapping heart, dishevelled mind, dissipatting hope and chewed confidence, they were being haunt by these anxiety as they faced the most powerful man in their company. Everyone are sitting in circles waiting for the man's words, a words that can affect their lives.The man sighed, pressing his fingers on the side of his forehead "guess we don't have a choice but to postpone your upcoming album""Postpone?" Jin wonder-struck from what he have heard."I'm sorry sir, what?" A second devotion by Namjoon."Yeah, we don't have a choice but to wait for Taehyung to gave birth before we release your album""S- So are you saying sir, we're still going to continue as a group?""It depends, it happens that we need to continue this album because we already invested money on it and once we're done with the releasing of your album and the promotions, it's all on Jimin and Taehyung's decision""W- What do you mean sir?" This time, the main topic of the issue finally spoke, Taehyung asked skeptically."It's you and Jimin's choice, whether you're going to continue as a group and as an idol but hide the mere fact that you two has a child till your child reached it's right age for you to explains it why you hide him/her to the public? or live as a family and reveals everything right away""But it's not that simple, sir" Jimin answered."Exactly" everyone went quiet, the pressure builds up, they can feel it as it engulfs the atmosphere "ah by the way, have you already told about this to your parents?""Yes sir and we're about to meet them, it's just that, we're just waiting for your decision" explained by Jimin."I see, well like I said, it's all on you"  "Jimin-ah-""Nah, Taehyung-ah" Jimin cut him off "I'll be depending on your decision so don't hesitate what you really wanted? Or what are your heart desires? I will always support it" they were spending their nights again at the roof deck staring at the stars and moons while making the hardest decision of their lives."Jimin-ah thank you" Jimin places a hands on Taehyung's belly "anything for you and of course for him""Him? How can you be so sure that it's a boy?""I just knew it" they both giggled.And so, they both decided to have the time of their lives as they indulge it to make the most of it. Probably by the time their contract ended their child haven't reached it's right age for him/her to understand.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



