



Liquid Sin - unsyub - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Liquid Sin
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14261466.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Taehyung | V/Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin/Jeon Jungkook
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin, Jeon Jungkook, Jeon Jeongguk | Jungkook
Additional Tags:
face fucking, Stripping, top kim taehyung, Bottom Min Yoongi, mentioned vminkook, Degradation, Slight Masochism, Spanking, filth really, Filthy, Crying, Porn Without Plot, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Crossdressing, Slut Shaming, Rough Sex, Needy Yoongi, dominant taehyung
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-09
        Words: 6406
      

Liquid Sin
by unsyub
Summary
Yoongi is a stripper & Taehyung is a bit infatuated & a bit pretentious.“By now, you've probably paid enough to fuck me until next week," come the first words Suga ever speaks to Kim Taehyung.
Notes
There could possibly be a part two to this involving yoonmintaegguk, but i haven’t decided yet.originally posted on my wattpad @ SUBMINS / soon to be @ PORNMYGi hope you enjoy !



Liquid Sin

Taehyung loves coming to watch Suga at work.He's grown fond of the way he looks, that's for sure. But Suga isn't conventionally pretty. No. Far from that, in fact. Maybe that's why Taehyung likes him so much.His body doesn't have any outstanding qualities that set him apart from the rest in a crowd. A perfectly proportional, thin, pale frame. Dressed in skimpy outfits or nothing at all; Taehyung doesn't mind. He'll watch regardless of what the boy is wearing because that's not why he has beseeched his attention for a month now.It's not his outfit. Not his body. Not even really his face or the way the light catches his skin a glow— because Taehyung doesn't pay too much mind to those qualities. It was after watching every other person in the club that Taehyung chose Suga. No one else was worth his attention. They were props as far as Taehyung was concerned; backup dancers, appetisers, needed there just to provide some context, some reason for Suga to make sense here.Taehyung finds himself spending all the money he has spare rewarding the boy that comes so close to his face sometimes that he has to stifle a gasp, slap a few notes down against one of those milky thighs, and watch them strut away again.Taehyung knows that he'll return in a few minutes though. He always comes back.But no, it's not Suga's body that appeals to him foremost. Taehyung likes Suga because he is not like the rest of them. He doesn't try to be appealing. He doesn't accentuate what he thinks he has, because he doesn't need to.He simply does as he pleases, hands roaming as far as they dare. He is much lewder, much more explicit, much more natural in the way he does whatever he feels like. Fingers nimbly sliding up his own hips one minute, raking through his dishevelled minty hair the next. And it’s colour is faded from months of being left alone and Taehyung can’t get enough of it. It makes him look even less like he gives a fuck about whether anyone's watching him at all.And really, Taehyung can't help but think that Suga would be a good person to talk to, even while watching him sell away his pride for god knows what, because he obviously has a different brain to the rest of the whores in this building. Suga doesn't try to portray a story of seduction and sexuality. Sad as it sounds, it's almost as if he's there for himself.Taehyung often wonders just what Suga’s doing in a place like this, the finest dump of all the hell holes in Korea, where neon lights suck every last bit of class from the room like some fasted vampires.The walls are only draped in black velveteen curtains to hide the blemishes of the building from its years of dark use, but the history of the place is still visible in every blood stain and dent in the floor. The building's every vein is weak, circulating pity and desperation through this thick humidity like currency. Like it’s trying to pay off it’s sins.It's pitiful to be seen here. Taehyung knows it is. But he's not like the rest of them either.There's this suffocating layer of smoke from the cigarettes people endorse and utilise like some fine, elite club membership in which they enrich their senses to the sight of boys grinding their hips and taking their money with a sweetened smile, all the while a different type of cancer brews in their hearts. Taehyung is ashamed to be one of them who has grown used to the smell and the way it infiltrates his lungs. But he's not like them.He comes to wonder tonight— a narrow glass, filled with his favourite type of poison pressed against his lower lip — if Suga has ever even acknowledged his presence. Has the thought of just why Taehyung is always giving him a good amount of money but never taking him into one of the back rooms to have his way with his fragile body ever crossed his mind?Surely it must have, because no one else is there watching him.Instead, a dense jungle of bodies swarm and hoot around the boys further left of Suga's haunt. The boys with routined performances: mere caricatures of lust and sex that fall shorter and shorter of pleasure each time they act out their scripts.There's nothing over there for Taehyung, and no one over here for Suga, which really seems to make them both quite happy. Taehyung doesn't like to have anything other than the bassy music of the club intrude on his thoughts. Suga doesn’t like any distractions, cluttering up his only liberating place in this world.Not usually, anyway.But tonight, as Taehyung sits there, the last sip of his drink leaving a satisfying burn at the back of his throat, Suga stops dancing.His posture is straight and confident under Taehyung's gaze as he draws nearer and nearer. His soft lips are pressed into a determined line, and he climbs off of the platform, prowling with intent over to a certain blonde haired boy who's right eyebrow is now raised, face darkened under the lack of strobe lighting.This would be their first direct interaction outside of the brief skin to skin contact that came with placing another bill in the band of Suga’s underwear.Suga perches on Taehyung's lap with no sign of hesitation, and although no words are exchanged, Taehyung is very aware that this boy is here for a reason. He doesn’t do hollow interactions or fan-service. His thighs are of a great contrast to Taehyung's inky black slacks. He is also surprisingly light even considering his small frame. He slips his arm around Taehyung’s neck to hold the back of his head with this simmering allure. Then, he uses this newfound height on Taehyung’s lap to look down at the man that has occupied that same lonely spot for months. His only consumer."By now, you've probably paid enough to fuck me until next week," come the first words Suga ever speaks to the Kim Taehyung.And perhaps Taehyung should have anticipated this topic — this level of vulgarity — but he had come to hope for something a little less blunt. Something that could withhold and justify the perplexity Suga beseeched in his mind, but here he is now: portraying himself as a sexual object. Just like the rest of the people in the club might.Even so, Taehyung's skin burns up under those pale fingers, warm and gentle, but destructive in their path, fluttering over his baby hairs, and he thinks maybe he doesn't mind that Suga just wants to fuck tonight.Because although it wasn't the main reason, there was no denying that Taehyung had been enchanted by the boy. He was like a piece of abstract art that you needed to examine for a longer period to truly appreciate. Or maybe not. Maybe the attraction was there from the start and Taehyung just liked to appear more pretentious in his desires, dressing his image of Suga up in expectations and—"But you won't ask, will you?" Suga continues, unaware that the frown building upon Taehyung's brow was nothing short of dissatisfaction and conflict. And to continue his oblivion to the younger's emotions, Suga's milky fingers run a seductive trip from Taehyung's jaw to the bottom of his Adam's apple. "So now, I have an issue..."The trailing off of the boy's words wet Taehyung's appetite for knowledge, causing him to draw his eyes back up to Suga's face, taking in every blemish and depth of his appearance, building a mental map of the details to his design like it could all disappear if he were to let his stare wander elsewhere."I'm craving something..." he continues to elude, pink tongue rolling out over his lower lip and then dipping back into his mouth, which admittedly captivates Taehyung more than he’d care to admit. How can one simple action have such an effect on the tightening of his stomach? "The more I want it, the more I'm sure only you can give it to me..."And of course now Taehyung understands, attention turning to Suga's hand which presses against his clothed chest, daring to sink lower and lower, fabric moving beneath his gentle fingers until he's so low that to move anymore would be inappropriate. Even for this place. But maybe not unwelcome. God. Maybe not unwelcome at all.From there, Taehyung watches Suga's throat contract as he swallows, playing with the silk of his button up.The mint haired boy is probably more than aware that every time he tugs upwards just a little, the tightness of Taehyung's belt causes a pull at his boxers and friction in his pants. Taehyung's pupils dilate as his teeth tug on his own lip. He's completely awestruck. Done for.A low groan.That's all it takes for Suga to find the motivation to delve a little further, leaning into Taehyung's ear and taking to kissing his lobe softly. He goes back and forth between kisses to nibbling and the odd tug with his teeth that Taehyung simply can't resist from someone he's been watching dance for weeks. Dance like no one’s watching. Maybe like no one’s watching except for him.Light touches are met with Suga's waist as Taehyung warms up to the situation, allowing Suga to begin diverting his attention to trailing slow kisses from the skin behind his ear down to his neck."My name is Taehyung, by the way,” He manages, voice much rougher after not speaking for a good hour or so.Suga nods in response, but hardly any of his attention is on what Taehyung is saying, eyes trained on his lower half instead where he is now hovering his hand over the bulge in his pants, every slight rub making Taehyung more tempted to tug at his hair and see what it can take.Taehyung's hands slide down to Suga's lower back now. His eyes are closed, head tilted so Suga has full access to littering his skin with fleeting kisses that are making Taehyung eager to know just what it feels like to have this boy beneath him, maybe mewling out his name, pretty eyes screwed shut as he takes his length all the way inside.Aware he's probably getting ahead of himself, Taehyung chases Suga's busy lips with his own, eventually catching up so the two pairs brush against each other for a second, and just when Suga's melting into the touch enough and Taehyung thinks he’s just as desperate, he pulls away."Don't wanna fuck you here. Let's go to my place. Do it properly." He insists, expecting nothing short of the hasty nod Suga replies with.And he chose the right time. Ball’s in his court. The stripper’s just as frustrated, would probably agree to the car, the bathroom, an alleyway. Suga allows himself to be lead out of the club, strange stares meeting them when they get far out enough that Suga wearing nothing but his panties deserves any attention at all.The car ride itself is eventful, to dress it up modestly.Suga rides atop Taehyung's lap all the way, hazard or not. Taehyung makes a rule not to speed, there a people who count on him getting back home safely, but he’s tempted when his breathing gets more and more raggedy and Suga’s fingers tangle in his hair, tongue initially tasting over his lower lip, just begging for some access.Multitudes of deep moans reverberate against their lips, but Taehyung can't let them kiss properly yet or he'll have a car crash, and this porche is much too expensive to give up for some minty haired, soft-touched stripper. And again, people count on him to be safe.But as if Suga was sent from hell simply to lure him into a pit of sin, he manages to grind down into Taehyung's crotch at the perfect angle to make him moan. Suga does not miss the beat to slide his tongue in against Taehyung's so he can properly explore his mouth.Taehyung tries to resist, but Suga's fingers tighten in his hair, drawing out a whine that readily gets swallowed into the kiss.And Taehyung thinks he can just about take it— still be composed and focus with the one eye that could see past Suga's head, but as he pulls up to a red light, Suga sucks on his tongue and he can't handle it anymore, swerving into the side of the road and lifting Suga up immediately with all of his strength to throw him into the backseat."God... You're... You’re just insatiable,” Taehyung says, and he can’t believe he’s breathless. He doesn’t let it happen like this. But he can’t keep himself still, attacking Suga's unmarked neck with his lips while he fumbles to slot himself between his legs, one hand struggling to undo his own belt so he can show Suga what impatience really looks like.Suga's moans grow higher and higher in pitch the more Taehyung sucks and bites at his skin.Soon, the heat inside the car is making sweat drip down Taehyung's back as he unbuttons his shirt and pulls it off, leaving himself in only his boxers. In the few seconds he has separate from Suga's grasp, the stripper takes in the full meal of a body in front of him, eyes lingering way too long on the outline of Taehyung's bulge."You have such a big cock," Suga says, voice this perfect Daegu drawl that sounds like home and does something Taehyung doesn’t have the spirituality to describe. He licks his lips, allowing himself a few moments to let his ego inflate when Suga sits up to be face to face with his length. But it’s all out the window when his tongue pokes out, those glossy eyes blink once and then go wide, and for fuck sake — the stripper is kitten licking the tip of his cock through his boxers and there’s a wet patch of precum."Fuck.” Taehyung tries to muffle his disbelief with the back of his hand, threading the other hand into Suga's hair and pushing his face against his cock with more enthusiasm. He’d only meant to encourage him to lick a little harder, but as far as he was concerned he’d been transported back to Daegu and forgotten all of his strength. But it felt good, and the stripper didn’t complain, so it just became plain fact that he was smothering Suga’s face against his cock.Suga's hand reaches up to softly squeeze his balls, tongue prodding against what it can reach as he nuzzles his face against the heat. It all but drives Taehyung insane. Maybe past that. There's no denying that Suga is a bit of a cockslut at this point, his own beginning to throb in his tight panties simply at the way it feels to attack the length with kisses and soft sucking.Taehyung's head lolls back so he can feel the vibrations going into every second of the next groan in his throat. He can feel his sanity deteriating every time he hears Suga make a noise, and the vibration with every moan — Taehyung tugs at Suga's hair just to make him do it again."Suck me."He says it, or some extension of himself does, he isn’t sure. He’s overrun by his lust as he yanks Suga's head back for long enough to pull himself out of his boxers. He's all exposed in front of this boy, cock hard and twitching, precum leaking down the length of it. And the devil comes to him in violet thoughts, takes him by the throat, lovingly, whispers to him, tells him simply that there’s only one thing to do. Taehyung places his hand at his own base and he strokes himself slowly — that voice whispers again and he does as he’s told, guiding his tip to coat Suga's lips in the liquid like lipgloss.There is no way to describe the silence, the thickness of the air, the affection of the gesture. But Taehyung felt weak when it was over, when Suga looked up at him like he was enamoured. And then he parted those glossy lips, cheeks red, tongue trembling, and he sat patiently. Like he wants nothing more than this. Taehyung doesn’t need any higher being to tell him what to do this time.He can’t help but curse the second he presses his tip into the slick warmth of Suga’s mouth, then slides easily to the back of his throat. And the stripper lets him do it, even when the tears prick at his eyes and glue themselves to his eyelashes. Taehyung is so heavy on his tongue and it’s clear that every part of him loves that. His noises are pathetic and muffled — every weak whimper sending delicious vibrations through Taehyung's cock."Suga, fuck.” Taehyung can't stop it from rolling off of his tongue. Thinks he might just be submerged in the most sinful kind of heaven— head too heavy to dwell on anything other than the feeling of his thighs trembling.But then the stripper pulls off of Taehyung's cock with an obscene popping sound that almost makes Taehyung sink into his own skin. "‘M Yoongi. C-Call me Yoongi." He says, leaving Taehyung no time to ask questions when his tip is submerged once more at the back of Yoongi's sore throat.And after a little while, Taehyung feels the wetness tighten around his cock when it slides back far enough and suddenly he's forced to pull out, knowing if he keeps it in there any longer he'll be done for.But Yoongi's addicted to the way it feels to have Taehyung moaning because of his mouth, and so he draws his tongue up the underside, like a demon. Or like a cursed thing from Norse Mythology. Taehyung bucks his hips up, stutters, yanks Yoongi's head back by his hair with a warning growl. He's too sensitive to play these games."Fuck my face?" Yoongi says. He looks as though he wants nothing more. Like he's been confronted with his idol or presented with an amazing award. Fucking awestruck. Desperate to be used in this way. Like he could cry. And Taehyung has to look up for a second to thank the lord for the pleasure he's about to receive."Please." The boy adds in a whisper, warm hands applying pressure on the base of Taehyung's throbbing cock, stroking it softly to encourage his decision.Taehyung wants nothing more than to give in. Even though he knows he'll come within seconds if he lets him have his own way, the look in Yoongi's eyes stays him from saying no and to be honest he just can't help himself. Doesn't want to.The second Yoongi's mouth is open he thrusts himself in, figuring that if the boy wants it that badly, he can take it however he decides to give it.And Taehyung couldn't be closer to the truth, the soreness of Yoongi's throat around the large length being sent further and further with every push— he adores it. Wants it faster. Wants his crying to grow so desperate that he can feel himself get lightheaded."Fucking — look at you." Taehyung says, tightening his fingers in Yoongi's hair. Every moan from Taehyung provokes one from Yoongi — an endless cycle that isn't broken for what feels like hours.Yoongi is covered in sweat, his cock twinging in his panties whenever he gags on Taehyung. His throat burns. His skin is on fire. He digs his nails into Taehyung’s thighs and holds him still. He can feel the hairs at the base of his cock brush his lips. Can feel the pulse in his mouth. He swallows. Taehyung keens."Pretty lips stretched around my cock like a — like you’re a — just a desperate slut," Taehyung says, fist clenched at the back of Yoongi's head, the words reducing him to a few pitiful moans that make Taehyung's cock ooze more precum into his mouth. And he’s usually so sure when he speaks. So even and composed, even during sex. Why is this fucking him up so bad? Can’t get a coherent thought out. Yoongi cries around Taehyung's length, eyes half lidded and hazy. "You like that? Like the — Like the way it tastes?"Yoongi whimpers helplessly as he can't nod his head like he wants to, but he gives the answer in the way he takes Taehyung in like it's a reward.He swallows the liquid with ease and Taehyung is pretty sure he's done for when he feels the velvety wet tightness trap his cock in— his head reeling and his abdomen going through some tyrannical surge reminiscent of a hurricane."Wanna come. Gonna — Are you gonna take it in your mouth? Show me just how — how much of a cockslut you are?" Taehyung mutters his question but gives Yoongi no opportunity to respond with anything other than glistening eyes. He looks so pretty like this. All sweaty, bangs matted to his forehead, and lips swollen and red.Taehyung is so close he pities himself. On the verge. There's sweat trickling a line down his throat. He knows he's about to let go when Yoongi's jaw slacks even more, and he's absent as Taehyung lets himself fuck his mouth as deep and fast as he dares.He's thriving off of every noise. Every gag makes him hold Yoongi's head firmer, pushing him down until his nose is pressed against his skin. The boy cries out loudly, eyes shut tight as Taehyung releases his cum down his throat.And really there's nothing to say for Yoongi except for that he is drowning. Because he is. There's no breathing. Only the feeling of liquid seeping down his throat. He desperately swallows, tries to, unknowingly milks Taehyung's high with the added pressure on his cock.His throat hurts like hell, taking so much abuse from this whole situation, but still he manages to clean up the mess Taehyung left in his mouth. Taehyung, who watches with half open eyes, almost sure he'll cum again from the sight alone.Finally he pulls out, his cock sticky and dripping with cum and saliva mixed up together to create the most obscene art Taehyung thinks he's ever seen. And, adding to the heat encapsulating his body, the sight of Yoongi looking so fucked out and desperate after only sucking him off is hard to take."You taste so good," Yoongi croaks out, eyes hooded—red. His lips are swollen, glistening in a coat of saliva; a string of which is still connecting them to Taehyung's cock.He licks it all up, even lapping the remaining liquid from the slit of Taehyung's head, shivering at the taste and the feeling of being able to make the man a twitching mess."Mmhmm, I know,” he croons, stroking Yoongi’s lips under his thumb. “I could see it. Sucking my cock got you all hard? Coulda cum like that? Untouched? Could you do that?" Taehyung asks, pushing Yoongi's shirt up his body and laying him back down. Yoongi nods without thinking, these noises like whines falling out of him like prayers.Taehyung's lips sink down Yoongi's body to his nipples, and he takes his time massaging his tongue over one of them. Bites it a bit and feels Yoongi’s rib cage twist underneath him. But he thinks he’s got the remedy, sticks his hand between the strippers legs and pushes his thighs apart. Yoongi’s breath catches and Taehyung drags his teeth across a nipple, just as he flattens his palm against Yoongi’s cock. Yoongi sobs, not sure what to do with his hands, just clawing at Taehyung’s shoulder blades.And it sounds like an angelic choir and symphony to Taehyung who soon tugs at the neglected right nipple with his teeth, and uses his hand to hold him down when his back arches off of the seat."Puh-please. Want your fingers. Tongue. Cock. God... Anything," Yoongi's voice breaks, fingers dancing over Taehyung's back like he is made of hot lava.Every time they linger too long he has to pull away, the aching in his abdomen set alight by too much contact, and Taehyung is really pressing down on his cock now, with no care for how much the restraint of his panties hurts."Why? Why should I? You already got to suck my cock. Not enough for you?" Taehyung says, making the boy whine."D-Did so well for y-you. A-Always enough just... need, need you," Yoongi knows he looks piteous beyond description. Taehyung's laughing at him, in fact. But he won't pretend that this isn't what he wants. He moans open mouthed, saliva wetting his cheeks as he rubs himself against Taehyung's inert hand."You want my fingers in here?" Taehyung mumbles, no intent on removing the underwear because it looks too good on Yoongi's skinny hips. Instead, he presses right against his hole, watches the skimpy material get sucked right in.Yoongi nods feverishly, hips stuttering and pushing up against Taehyung's fingertip. "Gonna be good for me? Not gonna move around too much?"His voice is layered in liquid sin, pooling in every dip of Yoongi's soft skin. Yoongi nods even though he knows that it will be quite impossible to stay obedient to his command as when Taehyung's hands meet his skin, he has no control over his body at all. He agrees anyway, foolishly pliant against the seats of the car as Taehyung takes his hands in his own, situating them above Yoongi's head to restrain him."Stay quiet. Don't want anyone to see you letting yourself get fucked by a stranger on the side of the road, do you?" Taehyung drawls, sucking on his own finger under Yoongi's tired gaze to make it slicker, a desperate, whiny whimper falling short out of his mouth.Yoongi’s body moves like pure sin when the first finger is pushed into his puckering entrance, panties pulled aside. He adjusts almost immediately to the width and length and Taehyung imagines he must've been fucked a lot.He doesn't blame anyone for wanting to get between him and his underwear though, the way the boy lays lax against the seats, whimpering and whining with every pointed curl of his fingers — it makes his stomach twinge."Sure you even need stretching? Your slutty hole has had so much cock in it that it's loose enough for me already. You let everyone who pays you some attention in here? Let 'em all fuck you dumb?" Taehyung says, sliding his third finger in amongst the other two in the silky heat. It wasn’t necessary, maybe a little cruel, but Yoongi’s cock jumped at it, whether Yoongi liked it or not."T-Take anyone w-who fills me u-up," Yoongi spouts shamelessly, back arching and nails digging into his own thighs. "Just need'a be f-full." He clarifies with that sort of brokenness to his voice that makes Taehyung bite his lip, pulling his fingers out sharply."Just wanna be fucked dumb and stupid. That’s all you want. That’s it, hm?,” he strokes his fingers over Yoongi’s cheek and the boy opens his eyes again. “Need my help?""Please," Yoongi whispers, grinding his wet hole against the head of Taehyung's cock as he positions it to enter Yoongi, just inches away from slipping in. "Taehyung, please put it in me... 'm desperate for it. Wanna get fucked. Want it so bad."God, seeing the hunger in the stripper's eyes reminds Taehyung of someone else immediately. And suddenly, he's restraining himself from ramming his cock— hard once more — into the boy and tearing him apart in the process, rocking the car so much that the suspensions get thrown off.He climbs back into the front seat, no clothes being added to his bareness despite his new mission. They need to get home."W-What? No no, no, Tae-Taehyung please. Don't leave me like this. I nuh-need — I need you, Taehyung." Yoongi fucking hiccups, choking on his own desperation and frustration for the situation at hand, making Taehyung's cock pulsate against his stomach as he slams his foot down, sending them hurtling back to their original destination.The elder whines all the while in the back of the car, rubbing his cock against whatever the fuck he can find for some friction.One moment he's on his stomach, hips rotating fluently into the seats, his heated crying smothered against the same fabric he once had his sweaty back pressed against as Taehyung tortured his body. And he’s drowning in his own pity. Crying for what he wants like a spoiled toddler.The next thing Taehyung knows, Yoongi’s rutting into the air, not caring about the growls Taehyung lets tear from the back of his throat, going far enough to twist his mirror to get a better view of the exhibit in his back seat. This boy will be completely demolished for treating his expensive fabrics like his own personal toy.He indulges him for now— even if mainly for the fact that it's one of the hottest things he thinks he's ever laid his eyes on."Get here."The car comes to a stop outside of a lavish house which Yoongi has no time to appreciate when he's being slung over Taehyung’s shoulder, both of them naked (or covered only by some less than fitting black panties in the stripper's case). But the house is isolated from prying eyes by trees and a long driveway. Every heavy step towards the front door makes Yoongi yelp, his poor frustrated cock crushed by the movement.Next thing he knows, he is thrown against satin sheets in an unknown bedroom, crimson red and expensive fabric against his raw skin, littered with scratches and bruises. Taehyung's lips are quick, animalistic in adding more marks to Yoongi's already grand collection. He's biting whatever takes his interest, ribs, hips bones, thighs. Yoongi squirms beneath him, still after one thing only."Fuck me... God, f-fucking fuck, fuck me," His words slur together as his hands scramble to pull Taehyung's hips down against his own. And he should watch himself. Taehyung’s home now, piggybacking the monster that couldn’t wait to get back here so they could really get into it. Yoongi should watch his attitude. "I need it. Need your cock right now."Slap. Taehyung slaps him. It's not too hard. It's just on his thigh, but it makes something in Yoongi change like a switch has been flipped. "Tell me what to do again and you can walk yourself back home like this and find someone else to fuck your pathetic little hole.""Hit — Hit me again," Yoongi says, knowing that either way he'll get what he wants. He's told him what to do again, Taehyung's tendencies simply won't stop another slap from stinging his left cheek— and surely enough, a red mark is painted, contrasting darkly to Yoongi's pale complexion. Yoongi moans, squirming in the sheets, hips bucking, nails digging into his palms and eyes screwed shut. He’s dizzy with it. Completely gone. Just wants to feel every sensation possible.But he can't revel in his smugness for being able to manipulate Taehyung like this for much longer before he's flipped over onto his stomach, forced onto his hands and knees with his ass in the air.He has little stamina left after all that's gone down, but he tries not to collapse. Wants his shaky arms to hold him up. But when Taehyung spanks his ass he simply can't stop himself from falling onto his face, slap after slap landing on his fleshy backside until all he can hear is his own broken sobs and Taehyung's raggedy breathing.When he's finally done, Yoongi's entire butt is red and streaked with hand prints. Throbbing and in searing pain. But the boy, being a pathetic masochist, is left drooling against the sheets, mouth hanging open and eyes completely blissed out, precum sticky against his thighs and painting quite the picture for Taehyung who's still trying to calm down from the switch in intensity he just experienced."For fuck sake." Taehyung mutters, breathless. "You're unbelievable." He strokes his hands over Yoongi's ass, feeling just how hot it is from all of that contact. And still the boy is whining in pleasure. He's like something Taehyung has never experienced before.He knows he needs to fuck the disobedience out of this boy. Needs to gag him with his own moans so he can't be so fucking smart-mouthed. So, he grabs the condoms that always stay in his drawer beside the bed and rolls one on, following with a careless amount of lube just so he doesn't completely wreck the boy who's still dazed over his spanking. Taehyung's a bit proud that he got him to stay still for so long, actually."You good?" He checks, squeezing the least red cheek of Yoongi's ass and hearing the boy moan out a dissociated 'Please'. “We need a word, baby.” Forgive him, it rolls off his tongue like second nature and his cock doesn’t stop him. Yoongi whines. “You know the colour system?”“M’ Green, suh-so green.”Taehyung figures there won't be a better answer, sinking into the satisfying stretch of Yoongi's hole.He's not tight like his Jeonggukie— not responsive like his Jimin, but he's more filthy than Taehyung had ever had the chance to fully explore with those two.He fucks into Yoongi like it's his only purpose, the smaller boy moaning and babbling so loud that Taehyung can just imagine his boys walking in and making this much more interesting.Regardless, he knows even if he finishes up here, he'll be up to go again in no time, and rams himself all the way in, apparently hitting Yoongi just right because he really yells this time. He's so vocal it's almost shocking to Taehyung, but it feeds into his arousal so much that he can't come to do anything about it.He tugs Yoongi's head back to see his eyes rolled shut as he fucks him with no mercy. He takes pride in the amount of saliva coating the boy's mouth. It looks like he's completely lost himself. Looks so pretty and fucked out that Taehyung doesn't regret waiting so long to do this. Wants to savour it even longer still."Taehyung, f-eels so good," Yoongi whines, hand wrapped loosely around himself for just a little more stimulation. "G-Go harder. Deeper. N-Need it all."He's so demanding but Taehyung can't pretend he doesn't want exactly the same, holding Yoongi's hips so tight that the skin bruises as he rams himself in, pushes Yoongi's head back down for a better angle, and slams himself in even harder until the boy screams out desperate moans into the mattress.Open mouthed, Yoongi's tongue slips out for it's grand reappearance, saliva soaks the satin and it's disgusting and it's so messy. He's so messy. Just letting Taehyung fuck him because it's easy and it's good and shit he's close. He's so close. He's ready to come all over the bed and let Taehyung continue to have him. Fill him up like this until he's satisfied and he kicks him out.Its all incoherent, what he's saying, by now. All Taehyung can really make out is one long slur consisting of please and Taehyung and fuck and more and close and please please please.And Taehyung can feel it. Doesn't need to be told how close he is. Because he's fucking him stupid, fucking him into a mess, and he knows he's close. Fuck, he's close too. It's all just so raw and lewd that he can feel himself on the edge before his brain has time to catch up. "Come," He says, nails digging into Yoongi's hip. "Come. Now."And then it's done, the elder letting out the dirtiest cry of his name as he spills out all over the sheets and his own hand on command. Taehyung follows close behind, filling up the condom and pulling out, flopping onto the bed with his heart still racing.But he doesn't have a single second to calm down. No. He had forgotten they'd been so loud. Forgotten who was in the next room."D-Daddy?"Yoongi almost doesn't register the new voice in the room past his own panting. It's distant. Out of his focus. It's not Taehyung."Daddy, what are you doing?"Taehyung's head snaps around, torso glistening from the sweat, and he sees Jimin stood in the doorway with his hair all messy, one of Jeongguk's shirts on and semi tucked into a pair of Taehyung's boxers."Uh— Come here, Min, and I'll... I'll show you." Taehyung says, holding a hand out toward the door for the boy to take. With the other, he strokes Yoongi’s head, like he’s asking him not to freak out. And finally Yoongi realises— thanks to the newfound softness in Taehyung's voice— that this is not the same situation he was in just two minutes ago.When he sees the black haired boy now perched beside Taehyung, staring down at Yoongi in wonder, looking like he's having to restrain himself not to touch, Yoongi yelps, shuffling back on the bed until he hits the headboard."F-Fuck! You have a— Fuck! I'm so s-sorry I— I didn't know h-he had a boyfriend," Yoongi stammers, eyes flicking back and forth between the two people in this room that are observing at his naked body."Oh no! Don't be silly," Taehyung shakes his head with a calm smile. Yoongi's completely dumbfounded because Taehyung's does not look old enough to be this boy's father and he definitely just called him daddy. "No no no." Taehyung continues with a chuckle, head turning towards the door. "Jeonggukie!" He calls out to seemingly no one, confusing Yoongi even more.But no longer than five seconds later, in comes a taller boy with possibly the cutest face Yoongi had ever seen, a loving smile and endless excitement in his eyes. He bounds over to Taehyung, sitting beside him on the bed and copying the other's look of intrigue when his eyes meet with Yoongi."I have two." Taehyung says simply.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



