



Little Elfling Lost - sheraiah - Lord of the Rings - J R
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Little Elfling Lost
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/612824.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
Lord of the Rings - J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit - J. R. R. Tolkien, Lord of the Rings (Movies)
Character:
Thranduil, Legolas, Elladan, Elrohir
Additional Tags:
Minor Violence, Mild Language
Series:
Part 1 of
Father and Son Universe
Stats:

        Published: 2012-12-28
        Words: 6072
      

Little Elfling Lost
by sheraiah
Summary
A human hunting party stumbles across the aftermath of an orc attack in which a very young elf is the only survivor.
Notes
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters belong to Tolkien, the OC's are all mine.



Little Elfling Lost

The elfling peered about the clearing warily. The orcs had left justbefore the sun had broken through the trees and it had been very quietsince then. He crept down from his hiding place in the tree and made hisway to his guard's side. Tathordil lay on his back, his eyes closed, agaping wound in his side. The elfling shook his guard, puzzled. Why werehis eyes closed and why did he not move? None of the big elves weremoving. The elfling could not understand why all the big elves just laythere. Perhaps they were sleeping. His Adar [father] slept with his eyesclosed every once in a while when he was very tired. The elfling washungry, but he was tired, too after staying in the tree that Tathordilhad hidden him in all night. He settled down at Tathordil's uninjuredside and laid his head on the guard's chest. He was asleep in moments.
Pannad surveyed the horrifying scene before him with apprehension. Thebodies of twelve elven warriors littered the glade like broken dolls.That orcs were responsible for this obscenity was more than evident.Orcs were seldom able to best elven warriors; the elves must have beengreatly outnumbered. That this had occurred so close to the settlementwas doubly frightening. Several horses lay at the edge of the glade,their bodies bearing the telltale signs of being feasted upon, mostlikely by the orcs. A flash of something pale caught Pannad's eye and hemoved cautiously toward the center of the glade. His eyes widened indismay as he took in the sight of a young child nestled against one ofthe dead warriors. He gently lifted the child off the warrior and turnedhim onto his back.
The child's eyes were half open and he was warm to the touch. Pannadstarted as he realized that the little one was still breathing. Hebrushed the child's hair back from his face, revealing the little one'sdelicately pointed ears. A sigh of relief escaped him when he realizedthat the child was not injured, he was merely sleeping. At the slightnoise, the little one stirred and his eyes focused. As he focused on thehuman kneeling next to him, the little elf cried out in panic and shookthe shoulder of the dead warrior he had been resting next to. The humansettled back onto his heels and held out his hands, palm up to show thathe held no weapons. The elfling stilled, unsure of what he should donext as his efforts at waking his guard had yielded no results.
Pannad reached to his belt for his water skin. He uncorked it and poureda bit over his fingers to show the little one what the skin held.Raising it to his lips, he took a swallow before offering the skin tothe elfling. The little one accepted the skin and took a cautious sip.Finding nothing amiss with the taste, he drank deeply. Water dribbleddown his chin onto his tunic. The human smiled, encouraged, and took asmall packet from another pouch on his belt. Opening it he removed awafer of hardtack. He took a small bite, then broke it in half andhanded the untouched half to the elfling. The little one's stomachgrowled audibly as he bit into the wafer and he flushed, embarrassed,but did not cease devouring the wafer. It disappeared in record time.
Pannad glanced up and noted that the others in his hunting party hadchecked the rest of the elves and had found no other survivors. Yarnan,his longtime friend, and two others had begun to dig a grave for thefallen elves. Pannad approved, it was the least they could do. His onlyworry was how the little one would react, since it was obvious that hedid not understand that his kin were dead.
He turned his attention back to the elfling who was finishing his secondpiece of hardtack. He handed the water skin back to the little elf andwas pleased to note that the little one did not flinch when his handcame in contact with Pannad's. The elfling lowered the skin, havingdrunk his fill, and studied Pannad curiously. The human wondered brieflyif it was the first time the little one had seen someone of a race otherthan his own. He decided to see if the little one had indeed lost hisfear and held out his hands to the little elf, asking him without wordsto allow the human to pick him up. The little one hesitated, and thenmoved cautiously toward the human. Pannad did not move, allowing theelfling to progress at his own pace. When the elfling stood closeenough, Pannad slowly moved his arms around the little one and stood up,settling the elfling on his hip and patting the small back in acomforting manner.
He walked steadily away from the carnage toward his horse. The elflingsuddenly squirmed and Pannad, who had four sons, quickly determined thereason and moved to the tree line to give the elfling a bit of privacy.The little one moved several paces away, glancing back over his shoulderat Pannad every step or so before shifting his clothing and heedingnature's call. Pannad kept his head turned away, respecting theyoungling's privacy. He heard the rustle of clothing as the little onefinished and covered himself again and turned back. The youngling wasstaring intently into the bushes. Pannad moved to his side quickly,fearing what might be lurking in front of him, but the elfling wasquicker and darted forward. Pannad gave chase, his pace increasing whenhe heard the elfling scream.
He broke through the bushes, fearing that an animal had taken the child.The elfling stood several feet in front of him, eyes wide with shock ashe stared at the headless torso of one of his companions. The head lay afew paces away. Pannad swiftly snatched up the child, cursing mentallyat his ill choice of a location for the child to relieve himself. Heturned the child around, nestling him against his shoulder and blockingthe horrible sight from the little ones' eyes. Murmuring soothingnonsense, he made his way back to the glade. Yarnan met him at the treeline, concern etching his craggy features and weapon in hand. Pannadgrimaced at his friend.
"'Nother body 'bout seven paces inside the trees." Yarnan's grimacematched Pannad's and he reached out to briefly rest his large hand onthe elfling's head.
"Poor little blighter. No sign of a female anywheres around, so 'e mightstill have a mum at least. 'Ope the one in the trees weren't 'is Da."Pannad nodded, he had had the same thought.
"They must've had enough warning to 'ide 'im before they got attacked.'E saw the whole thing, like as not. I do'en think 'e knew they weredead until just now. Let's get the dead ones buried and we'll take 'imback wi' us. Rangers're due through any day now, should be able to findout how to get word to 'is kin. It might even be the brothers. If'n theydo'en know 'im, they'll know who to get word to. 'E kin stay with Allus'n me til we find out where 'e belongs."
"Aye, that'll do 'im a bit of good. 'E'll have four females dotin' on'im. Wonder 'ow old 'e is. Looks about the size o' your youngest."Yarnan gave the elfling a gentle pat on the back before turning back tohis task.
The elfing made no move or sound through the rest of their stay in theglade. Every so often a tremor would run through the small body andPannad would rub his back and speak softly to him until it passed. Aftera while, the tense limbs relaxed and his breathing became regular.Pannad heaved a relieved sigh, realizing that the little one had passedinto sleep.
They packed the soil as tightly as possible over the fallen warriors andgathered up their weapons to give to the families the dead ones had leftbehind, as was the custom in the settlement. Pannad handed the littleelf to Yarnan and mounted his horse before reaching down to take thelittle one back into his arms. Yarnan held his mount's reins as hesettled the elfling securely against his chest. The rest of the huntingparty mounted up and they made their way back to the settlement withsome haste as the day was fast waning and they did not want to be caughtin the wood after dark.
Pannad reined his mount in, relaxing at last. His oldest son came out ofthe barn and moved swiftly to his father's side, taking the reigns fromhim and holding the horse steady as Pannad dismounted. It had been ahard ride, but the little one had not stirred once. His son lookedquestioningly at the bundle in his father's arms, but held his tongueand led the horse into the barn. Pannad continued on to the house,opening the door with one hand while cradling the elfling with theother. His wife, Allus, looked up with a smile as he entered. Herexpression became one of concern as she took in the bundle in Pannad's arms.
"What happened? That isn't Tollis," she stated, naming their youngestson. Pannad shook his head and uncovered his burden's small, blond headand pointed ears. Allus gasped in shock, and then her maternal instinctstook over. "Oh, the poor little lamb! What happened?" Pannad gave her abrief and sanitized version of their discovery and what the little elfhad seen. As he had expected, Allus immediately swept the little elffrom his arms and called for their daughters. In sort order, the womenof his house had the elfling bathed, dressed in night clothing borrowedfrom his youngest son, and tucked into a trundle bed his children hadoutgrown that they placed by the fire.
After their supper, Pannad explained to the children that the little elfhad likely lost at least one parent and would be staying with them untilPannad could find out who he belonged with. He was proud to see hischildren rise to the occasion, his youngest son Tollis solemnlydeclaring that he would share his clothing and toys with the elfling,and his daughters Nieve, Ammie, and Cerra declaring that they wouldmother the little one until he could be reunited with his family. Theolder boys Peraol, Jorran, and Fesel, volunteered to try to bring thelittle one out of his grief. Pannad and Allus shared a look of intensepride over the children's heads before Pannad broke into their planningwith a dose of reality.
"'Tis happy I am that you're bein' so generous, but you need to rememberthat the little blighter's been through a lot and 'e might not do whatyou're thinkin'. Take it slow wi' 'im. I don't think 'e speaks anythin'but elf-talk, either, so you'll have to figure a way 'round that, too.To bed, now. Mornin' comes early." Good natured groans met thestatement, but they filed out after dutifully kissing both parents.Allus' eyes lingered on the trundle bed for a moment before she spoke.
"You're thinking' 'e might be teched in the head after what 'e saw." Herwords were not a question.
"'Tis possible. 'E didn't understand they was dead 'til 'e saw the bodyof the one without 'is head. He hasn't done anythin' but shiver since."Pannad hated to think of the bright little eyes he had seen dimmed, butthe possibility had to be faced. Allus frowned, but her reply wasneither fatalistic nor surprising.
"Young'uns is tougher than most folk make 'em out to be. I 'spect 'e'llsurprise you." She moved her chair next to the hearth and took up theshirt she was mending. "I'll stay by 'im the night, in case 'e wakes andgets scared."
Dawn had barely begun to touch the horizon when the household awoke.Pannad and his sons saw to the care of their livestock while Allus andthe girls prepared the morning meal. The little elf had slept the nightthrough without waking and was still slumbering in the trundle bed bythe hearth, undisturbed by the activity around him until the smell ofthe porridge, eggs and sausage reached his nose. Blinking, he sat up andrubbed his eyes then froze at the sight of the unfamiliar room.
The oldest girl noticed that he was awake first and approached himslowly, smiling and speaking in soothing tones. His eyes darted from herto the other humans in the room warily. The girl took up a cup andfilled it with water, careful to take a sip before handing it to him. Hesampled it as he had with the water skin the day before and againfinding no strangeness in the flavor, drank it down quickly. The girlheld out her arms like the man had and the elfling understood that shewished to lift him. He slid haltingly from the bed into her arms. Shesettled him on her hip and smiled, wrinkling her nose at him. Heregarded her solemnly for a moment before turning his attention to theothers. There were two girls smaller than the one who held him and ataller female that resembled the other three. All of them smiled at himand spoke pleasantly in their strange tongue.
A noise from the door startled him, causing him to jerk around in thegirl's arms. The human who had found him entered the dwelling followedby four other humans, one of whom was about the elfling's size. The onewho had found him smiled at him and ruffled his hair as he passed thegirl. The elfling shot him a puzzled look and smoothed his hair. Thelittle human bounced excitedly and chattered at him, patting his leg.The girl who held him laughed and said something to the little humanthat made him bound away up the steep ladder into the upper level of thedwelling. He returned a few minutes later with a bundle under one arm.The girl took the bundle and carried the elfling through the door nextto the hearth.
She set him down next to a very warm stone wall and proceeded to washhis face and hands and comb his hair. Once that was accomplished shepulled the thin gown he wore over his head and helped him into the tunicand breeches the boy had carried down the ladder. He wanted to tell herthat he was a big elf and no longer needed assistance in dressing, butdid not know how so he allowed her to help him.
When he was dressed she lifted him again and carried him back into themain part of the dwelling and set him at the table between herself andthe smallest human. She filled a bowl with porridge and placed it beforehim, then handed him a spoon. A cup was placed next to the bowl. Heexamined the contents of the bowl, sniffing it cautiously. It smelledrather good, so he took a small bite. The porridge tasted almost as goodas what he normally had at home and it disappeared rapidly. The cupproved to contain not the water he had expected, but some whitesubstance. He sampled it and decided that he could tolerate it and drankit down. Next a plate was placed before him that held egg and some sortof meat. He ate the egg readily, but the meat tasted funny and hedecided to leave it on the plate.
His attention was wandering now that his hunger was satisfied and hesquirmed. The girl laughed and said something to the small human next tohim. The boy crammed the last piece of the sausage on his plate in hismouth and grabbed the elfling's hand, pulling him from his seat and overto a corner where a wooden chest sat. The boy opened the chest andremoved some carved wooden animals, offering half of them to theelfling. He turned the figure of a deer over in his hands, examining itminutely. It was nearly identical to one he had at home that a friendhad made for him. He looked at the small human, who seemed to be waitingfor something. Belatedly, the elfling realized that he was being invitedto play and he set the deer on the floor and picked up a bird. He lookedat it for a minute before deciding it was a sparrow and pursing hislips, he imitated a sparrow's call. The boy clapped delightedly andoffered him a wolf. Warming to this game, the elfling uttered the longmournful howl of a wolf. Again the boy clapped and then handed him asquirrel. The elfling giggled and proceeded to chatter like a squirrel.A bear, fox, and mouse followed in succession and the entire familychuckled at the antics of the two.
The boy picked up a horse to hand to the little elf. As soon as he sawit, the elfling shrieked and fled to the other side of the room. Hecurled into a ball in the corner, shaking uncontrollably. He feltsomeone lift him and cradle him in their arms, speaking to him insoothing tones. A soft hand stroked his hair and dried the tears thatflowed down his cheeks. The one holding him settled into a chair by thefire and began to rock him. He could hear the little human sniffling andthe big one who had found him speaking softly to him.
Nieve rocked the little elf, softly telling him that everything would beall right, that she and her family would not let anything harm him. Shehoped that even though he did not understand the words, he mightunderstand the tone of her voice and be comforted. He sobbed brokenly,calling out something that sounded like 'Ada'. Eventually he calmed,snuffling every so often. Tollis wandered over to apologize, but theelfling merely burrowed his head into Nieve's neck. Poor little thing,she thought. He had suffered so much and seen things no youngling shouldever see. Her arms tightened around him and she kissed his temple.
Pannad laid a hand on his daughter's shoulder briefly before announcingthat he was going to the market to see if there was any word of therangers. After he departed, Allus chased the rest of the family, exceptNieve out to play. Taking advantage of a rare opportunity to do as theypleased, the children scattered. Allus knelt by Nieve, one hand rubbingthe little one's back. Slowly his head lifted and he looked at her withtear filled blue-gray eyes. She smiled at him and patted his back. Hereached out and patted her face, then sat up in Nieve's lap. Allus metNieve's eyes for a moment, and then patted her own chest.
"Allus. Allus." She patted Nieve's shoulder, "Nieve. Nieve." The elflingcocked his head for a moment then nodded. He patted Nieve.
" Nieve." He patted Allus, " Allus." He patted his chest," Legolas." Herepeated it twice, slowly, to help them pronounce it properly. Allusplaced her hand on his chest and repeated it. He nodded. Suddenly, hestruggled to scramble off Nieve's lap. He looked around, dancing a bit.Allus quickly deduced the problem and guided him through the door by thehearth into the room behind and to a copper pot in the corner. Hewrinkled his nose fastidiously, but needed to go too badly to go outsideto find a more appropriate spot. After making sure that Allus had leftthe room, he did what was needed and scrambled back into the main roomand back into Nieve's lap.
Legolas spent the rest of the day following Nieve around as she did herchores, holding on to her skirt tightly with one hand. Although he wasnormally a brave little elf, the recent traumas he had endured made himcling to the security that the human girl offered. Nieve paused everyfew minutes thorough the day to pat his back or brush his hair out ofhis face.
He watched her work with curiosity. To his eyes, the tasks she wasperforming were similar to the ones he had observed the members of hisAda's household perform. He watched Nieve prepare soup for the family'slunch, gnawing on a carrot that she had handed to him when he tugged onher skirt and pointed to it. She then made berry pies, chuckling at hisobvious interest.
"'E knows what pies are, Mum. Look at 'im." Nieve grinned at theelfling's expression. Allus laughed softly.
" Aye, ain't no young'un alive as doesn't like sweets." She paused for amoment, then continued, "Reckon 'e's missin' 'is mum."
"Aye, reckon 'e is. 'E seems a sweet 'un." Nieve smiled at him again,her smile growing when he smiled tentatively back. She stooped to kissthe top of his head, a gesture that Tollis would have ducked and runfrom. Legolas merely accepted the affection and patted her arm inreturn. "Reckon 'is mum is missin' 'im somethin' fierce, too." Shedusted the flour off her hands and wiped them on her apron. "Mum, wouldyou mind puttin' the pies in fer me? I do'en want Legolas that near the'earth and I do'en think 'e'll leave me side for long enow fer me ta put'em in."
Two weeks passed and the elfling grew used to the humans who were caringfor him. He had nightmares and often woke in the night calling for hisAda. The humans were kind and tried to help him any way they could. Hepicked up quite a few of their words and could make himself understandfairly well using a combination of halting Westron and gestures. Heforgave the little human and often played with him; both of themcarefully avoiding the carved wooden horse that had cause his flashbackthe first day. He kept to the house and yard mostly, never venturing farfrom Nieve to whom he had formed a strong attachment.
Pannad, for his part, went almost daily to the marketplace to seekinformation about the expected arrival of the rangers. He worried thatthe little one would sicken without his kin. He simply knew so littleabout elves and was fearful that they would fail to recognize all of hisneeds. The little one had earned his respect over the last two weeks. Henever complained and rarely cried unless he had had a nightmare orsomething had triggered a flashback. His behavior and manners spoke of acaring and disciplined upbringing. Pannad fervently hoped that thelittle elf had at least some family left to him.
At the beginning of the elfling's third week with his family, Pannadmade his way to the marketplace. A commotion ahead of him caused hishopes to rise and he swiftly made his way through the crowd. The merepresence of rangers was not enough to cause such uproar. Pannad hopedagainst hope that it was the brothers, the twin elves who sometimes rodewith the rangers. As he drew nearer, a smile bloomed across his face.Two tall, lithe, dark haired figures stood speaking to several of thesettlement's children. As he approached, one of the brothers looked upand smiled.
"Well met, Pannad! How is your family?" the elf smiled warmly at him. Henever had been able to tell them apart and replied to both.
"Fine an' feisty, thankee. I need ye help wi' somethin' though." Theelves exchanged a startled look and nodded expectantly. "'Bout threeweeks gone me an' Yarnan an' some others were out huntin' an' we cameupon a bunch of dead elves. Orcs done it, no question." The brothers'gazes turned sharp, he had their full attention. "Anyways, there was awee one with them. We figure they hid him before the orcs got 'em.Wasn't a scratch on the little blighter, but he saw the whole uglything. He's been stayin' with my family, but he needs to be wi' his ownfolk. I was wonderin' if ye'd mind talkin' to him and helpin' us get himhome." The brothers exchanged another look, and then one of them replied.
"Of course we will help you, Pannad. You did not even need to ask. Letus get settled in and cleaned up and we will talk to him." Pannadslumped with relief.
"Thankee kindly, an' please sup wi' us. The young'uns'll be glad to seeye. "The brothers accepted readily and Pannad headed for home to informAllus of their dinner guests.
Elladan and Elrohir made their way down the street toward Pannad'shouse. The man was a long time acquaintance and they trusted his wordimplicitly, however unsettling it was. Reaching the family's dwelling,they knocked on the door. Allus opened the door and with a smile badethem enter. The children immediately swarmed around the twins, causingthem to laugh. The twins produced presents for the children causing muchcommotion. Allus gently reined them in, sending them to wash up andhanded each twin a mug of her excellent cider. Pannad waved them towardthe chairs in front of the hearth and seated himself on the bench.
"Nieve'll bring the little one out in a bit. He's gotten a mite attachedto her. He's a good 'un, real polite. Ye can tell he's been raisedright." Pannad paused to take a swig of cider. "He's brave, too. Don'tcomplain or cry unless he's had a nightmare. We figure his Da was one ofthe dead ones, but as we didn't see no sign of a female with 'em, wefigure his Mum might still be alive." Elladan and Elrohir drained theirmugs and set them on the hearth.
The door next to the hearth opened and Pannad's oldest daughter enteredthe main room. A small hand clutched her skirt, but the hand's ownerremained out of sight behind the girl. Elladan smiled a bit and calledout to the little one in Sindarin. He stopped so suddenly that he almostpulled the girl down on top of him.
"Elladan! Elrohir!" The elfling shrieked and launched himself at thebrothers. Elladan overcame his shock just in time to catch the rapidlymoving wood elf.
"Legolas! Sweet Eru, elfling, what happened?" Elladan wrapped the littleelf in a secure embrace as the story came tumbling out of him amidstsobs. Elrohir knelt by his brother's chair, wrapping his arms about theboth of them and resting his cheek on Legolas' head. They stayed thatway for several minutes until Legolas' sobs quieted. Elrohir raised hishead and stroked the elfling's pale locks with one hand. He met Pannad'seyes and decided that an explanation was needed.
"Legolas' family and ours have been friends for millennia. He wasvisiting us and left two weeks after we did. We will ride to hisfather's home tonight and guide him back here." Pannad's relief waspalpable.
"Then his Da is still alive. Good, I was afeared that he'd died wi' therest o' 'em." Elladan frowned a bit.
"Pannad, I think you had better tell us the whole story. His father willneed to know what needs healing." Pannad winced, but nodded.
"Aye, I will but not here. Tis not a tale for young'uns or womenfolk."Elladan closed his eyes briefly and nodded his acquiescence beforeturning his attention back to Legolas.
"Legolas, tithen min, hush. It is all right now." Elladan soothed theelfling in his arms with the expertise of long practice. He had done thesame many times for both his younger sister and Legolas himself on hisfrequent visits with the elfling.
The elfling sniffled a bit more then sat up in Elladan's lap andscrubbed his eyes with a fist.
" I want Ada."
"I know, tithen ernil. Elrohir and I will ride to his halls and bringhim to you. We will need you to keep being a big elf and behavingcourteously to Pannad and his family until we return. Can you do that?"
"No. I am going with you." The elfling's face was set in an obstinateexpression more frequently seen on his sire. Elladan fixed him with astern look.
"No, you are not. It is far too dangerous for you without a much largerescort. Your Adar will bring many warriors with him when we bring himhere so that he and we can be certain that you are protected." Theelfling scowled fiercely at them, reminding them again strongly ofThranduil and spoke very clearly in Westron.
"Shit."
Elladan blinked in shock and stared at Legolas. Elrohir had to lookaway, practically choking himself trying not to laugh. Pannad flushed.
"I swear 'e didna 'ear that one from me!"
"It hardly matters where he heard it. I do not want to be within onehundred leagues if he says that in his father's presence." Elladanpinched the bridge of his nose in a manner uncannily like HIS sire."Legolas, that is a very impolite word. Your Adar would be shamed tohear it coming from your lips." Legolas stuck his tongue out at the darkhaired elf and scrambled off his lap. Darting out of the twins' reach,he scooted behind Nieve's skirts.
"Mitho orch, Elladan!" [Go kiss an orc]
"Well, least I know 'e didna get that one from me or mine." Pannad eyedthe twins with barely conceal amusement. " Tha's the most fire 'e'sshown since I brung 'im 'ere."
"Legolas can be a proper hellion when he wants to. He is angry with meright now because I will not take him with us tomorrow. We may well haveto truss him up to keep him from following us." Elladan was frowning inthe elfling's direction. Elrohir's chuckle focused his twin's frown on him.
"Oh, that is the cauldron calling the kettle black! Neither you nor Ihave any room to call another 'hellion', brother, and well you know it."He smirked at Elladan, dodging a mock blow the other aimed at him."Besides, the look on your face when he told you to go kiss an orc waspriceless." Pannad snorted.
"Was that what 'e said, then? 'E's right, ya know. Yer face was priceless."
King Thranduil was losing hope. His son had been missing for nearly fourweeks. He knew that if Legolas was dead, he would no longer have thewill to remain among the living. He had ordered his patrols to combevery possible path from Imladris in hopes of finding at least some signof Legolas and his escort. For the hundredth time, Thranduil cursedhimself for not accompanying his son. He had barely slept or eaten inthe last four weeks and had visibly lost weight. His will alone kept himon his feet and functioning. His seneschal, Sindadur, entered his studyexcitement flushing his normally serene features.
"My Lord, the sons of Elrond have arrived and wish to speak to you. Theysaid it was urgent." Thranduil nodded absently.
"Show them here, Sindadur. I have no wish to dress to meet them in thethrone room." Sindadur bowed, leaving to do his king's bidding. A fewminutes later, he returned with Elladan and Elrohir. Eyeing them,Thranduil decided that the matter must be urgent indeed as they had noteven taken the time to wash the dust of travel from their bodies.Elladan, ever the leader, addressed him.
"King Thranduil, we have come from a small human settlement just thisside of the Misty Mountains. They came upon a group of your people thathad been killed by orcs about four weeks ago near their settlement. Theguards had time enough to hide Legolas before the orcs attacked them andhe is alive." Thranduil's head snapped up and he locked eyes with theyounger elf. "He is being cared for by a family in the settlement. Weleft for here as soon as we found out what had happened." Elladanwatched the relief wash over Thranduil's face. He looked up again, andElladan thought he saw the shine of tears in the king's eyes. His voice,however, was steady.
"Was he injured?" Elladan shook his head.
"Not physically. He saw everything that happened to his escort."Thranduil closed his eyes and swore. When he opened them again, he fixedthe twins with an intense stare.
"My thanks to you, Elladan, Elrohir. I am in your debt. Would you be sokind as to guide me to this settlement so that I may retrieve my son?"At their nods, he continued, "How long do you need before you are ableto ride?"
"As soon as we eat something we will be ready to go." He nodded andturned to Sindadur, who bade the twins follow him.
The large troop of elves would have been cause for alarm in thesettlement had Elladan and Elrohir not been riding among them. The troopcontinued through the streets of the settlement to Pannad's home.Elladan and Elrohir dismounted, strode to the door, and knocked. Allusopened the door, her eyes going wide when she saw the large troop ofelves in her yard. Elladan chuckled at her.
"Peace, Allus. Legolas' father has come to take him home." Understandingflooded her face and she smiled. Turning she called over her shoulder tothe elfling. Outside she saw a tall, blond elf dismount and start towardthe house. Legolas appeared at the door and the blond elf halted, hiseyes locked on the elfling. Legolas caught sight of him and flew out thedoor.
"Ada!" he shrieked. Elladan and Elrohir grinned ear to ear as KingThranduil knelt in the dust to scoop his son up into a fierce hug.
Nieve stood in the doorway next to her mother watching her charge greethis father. Legolas was crying openly and Thranduil looked suspiciouslyclose to doing so. He hugged his son, kissed him, dried his tears, andhugged and kissed him again not caring in the slightest who waswatching. Finally, he set Legolas on his feet and held him at arm'slength, looking him over minutely. Legolas squirmed and Thranduilrelented, pulling the elfling into his arms again. Legolas beganspeaking rapidly, intent on filling his father in on all that hadhappened to him in the last weeks. Thranduil listened with far morepatience than most would have given him credit for having, his eyesdrinking in the sight of his son, hale and whole and returned to him.Eventually, Legolas ran out of words and laid his head on his father'sshoulder. Thranduil stood and made his way over to the humans.
"My thanks for your kindness to my son. I am in your debt. Should youneed aught, you have but to ask." Allus bobbed a quick curtsey beforereplying.
"Tis not necessary, milord. We're glad to've done it an' 'e was reallyno trouble t'all. 'E's a good lad and a brave 'un."
"All the same, my word stands." Thranduil inclined his head to the womenbefore turning to speak to Elladan and Elrohir. The twins nodded andleft quickly to return a bit later with Pannad in tow. Thranduil thankedthe human and repeated his vow of assistance to him. He waved awayPannad's insistence that it was not necessary and moved to his horse.With a last look of thanks, he turned his mount toward home, his guardsfollowing closely behind and his son held close in his arms.
It was only after he departed that Pannad and Allus discovered exactlywho they had sheltered for almost five weeks. Thranduil kept his wordand several times over the ages his people came to the aid of thesettlement until it was abandoned just before the War of the Ring.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



