



Living For Your Every - agstdboi - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Living For Your Every Move
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13440612.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
PWP (pointless written porn), Power Bottom Min Yoongi | Suga, Sub Park Jimin, Top Park Jimin, Anal Plug, Anal Sex, flavoured lube makes an appearance, what is tagging, 'you know i know' dialogue because im a basic bitch, Min Yoongi | Suga Is a Tease, Park Jimin Is a Brat
Stats:

        Published: 2018-01-21
        Words: 5478
      

Living For Your Every Move
by agstdboi
Summary
“Com’ere you big baby,” Yoongi slurs and flashes him a fond smile from where he’s sitting in the middle of the bed, hands splayed on the mattress to hold his upper body straight.Jimin is still pouting when he takes small steps across the room, feet padding on the white rug. He steps right in between Yoongi’s spread legs, smiling weakly through his pout. Yoongi lifts his hand from the mattress to press it on the back of Jimin’s thighs and pull him closer. Jimin yelps, placing his hands on Yoongi’s shoulders and squeezing it for balance."Or the 'Jimin wearing a harness and Yoongi riding him' fic no one asked for but I wrote anyway.
Notes
I'm back at it again with my bullshit yay! This showed up on my feed and I had to write it even if it's kind of bad, I'm sorry.Huge thanks to my Twitter mom, Frad, who volunteered to beta this shit and make it so much better. Check out her stories, they're all so perfect and we decided to stan forever.Title from the lyrics of My! My! My! by Troye Sivan (actually I wrote the whole thing while listening to the song)

          See the end of the work for more notes




Living For Your Every Move

 
“I can hear you thinking,” Yoongi tells him when Jimin exits the bathroom. He stands awkwardly at the door, pulling at the blue shirt in a vain tentative to cover himself up.

“It feels weird,” Jimin tries not to pout, but from the look Yoongi is giving him his attempt doesn’t seem to be very successful.

“Com’ere you big baby,” Yoongi slurs and flashes him a fond smile from where he’s sitting in the middle of the bed, hands splayed on the mattress to hold his upper body straight.

Jimin is still pouting when he takes small steps across the room, feet padding on the white rug. He steps right in between Yoongi’s spread legs, smiling weakly through his pout. Yoongi lifts his hand from the mattress to press it on the back of Jimin’s thighs and pull him closer. Jimin yelps, placing his hands on Yoongi’s shoulders and squeezing it for balance.

From this position, Yoongi has to look up at Jimin, neck bent backward in an uncomfortable manner. Jimin looks down at him, smile melting into something more serene as Yoongi drops a kiss on the skin of his ribs. Doesn’t matter how many times Yoongi’s lips touch Jimin’s bare skin, it will always make him press his eyes closed and his toes curl up.

“We don’t have to do anything if you don't want to,” Yoongi slides his hand up his thighs and underneath the dress shirt, fingers tightening around Jimin’s waist. “God, you’re so gorgeous baby,” he whispers the words against Jimin’s skin. The soft touch of his hands burns prints all over his back.

Yoongi starts pressing kisses all over his ribs and stomach, even down his navel until he reaches the waistband of his underwear. He's torn between asking for more and whining for him to stop because 

fuck

 this is not fair.

Yoongi’s mouth has only been on his body for a few minutes and Jimin already can feel his muscles tense and the press of his half-hard member against the fabric of his briefs.

“Hyung,” Jimin whines when Yoongi pulls away, lips glistening in glistening in the weak lights of the room.

“Let me get changed, baby,” Yoongi mumbles against his lips as he gets up, dropping a peck on Jimin’s plump lips before disappearing into the bathroom, the door clicking shut behind him.

Now alone in the room, Jimin lays back on the bed, arms hanging next to his head and legs spread over the duvet. He can feel his shirt rising up with the movement, leaving the skin of his legs exposed to the cold air in the room.

There’s a fluttering feeling that’s settled down in his stomach from the moment that he had gotten Yoongi’s text. Just the words 

come to my room later

 were enough to make Jimin squirm with expectation, but he had had to wait. Wait until Taehyung finally left the house, being the last one of their bandmates to go away for the weekend, and if Jimin wasn’t thankful enough for the small break the fact that he and Yoongi could have the dorm all to themselves only for three days was enough to make him squeal like a teenage girl, burying his face into his pillow to muffle his inhumane sounds.

It’s hard keeping a secret from the people that live with you. It’s hard enough already for Yoongi and Jimin because they can’t go out on dates or hold hands on the streets, but this, lying to their friends? God, it’s so much worse. They barely get away with stolen kisses in the hallway and dark bedrooms, cuddling late nights or early mornings on the couch when everyone is too dead to even care about the world. In a house full of people both of them hardly have time to do 

more

.

They’ve talked about it before, had conversations while locked inside Yoongi’s room about sitting down with the rest of the group and just telling them the truth, but just the idea of ruining their group dynamics is enough to make both Jimin and Yoongi drop it. Jimin is always so scared that the boys will find out and just shut them. He knows how stupid that sounds even to himself, but fear was never something rational for Jimin, who is afraid of butterflies and horror movies.

For Jimin and Yoongi, who had to sneak in the Genius Lab to do more than just quick pecks when no one was looking, days like this are a blessing. They are also rare so more times than not Jimin and Yoongi had to resort to the cramped sofa of Yoongi’s studio.

So the first thing Yoongi had done when he learned that they were getting the house for themselves was calling Jimin over and show him the gift that he had gotten for them.

Jimin never felt bothered by anything that Yoongi suggested they do. It's not that's he's a pushover, quite the opposite – Jimin can become very demanding when they're having sex. He's pretty easy going though because what he likes the most is pleasing Yoongi but if someday he finds himself feeling uncomfortable about anything he knows they could talk it off. For now, Jimin’s answer will always be a 

big fucking yes

 to experimenting with Yoongi.

And 

oh boy

, they have experimented. For two people who have limited resources and limited options when it comes to space, Jimin and Yoongi had never done something twice. It started with different positions first, moving away from the couch and into the rolling chair and then against the wall; they even tried in the bathroom one morning when everyone had gone out for the day. Then Yoongi came up with a few 

toys

 and Jimin wasn't about to say no. Things escalated quickly from there but Jimin is not sure how he ended up here, wearing a bondage harness, out of all things.

For the record, he's not complaining. Sure he never thought he would actually use something like this, but the moment he slipped on the complicated web of leather straps he felt kind of stupid for not thinking of it before. He likes the way it fits his chest, how the leather grabs at his skin when his muscles shift and he takes a deep breath.

He feels funny, laying down in the middle of Yoongi’s bed with a bondage harness strapped to his built chest and the dress shirt Yoongi asked him to use. He's not about to feel stupid though, especially with the way his toned body looks on his reflection in the mirror. He likes the way the pastel blue of his shirt contrasts with his skin and how nice his muscles look under this light.

Yoongi's room, Jimin notices when he takes another deep breath – it's the nerves –, smells like a mix of strawberries and pine. He’s not here often, but the combination of both Seokjin’s body lotion and Yoongi’s cologne make his stomach flutter every time. Jimin likes it. No, he loves it.

It's cozy inside the apartment, cozy enough that Jimin is not shivering even in his state of undress. (Cozy enough for him to know both he and Yoongi will be dripping sweat by the end of the afternoon).

Jimin doesn't lift his head immediately when he hears the click of the lock. He can feel Yoongi’s presence now, can hear him shuffling, but he's much too nervous to look. He has no idea of what he will find, but he knows that coming from Yoongi it will be something to make his heart stop.

“Are you not going to look?” Yoongi asks, husky deep tone rumbling in Jimin’s ears. He can imagine Yoongi leaving back against the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest and a teasing smirk decorating his lips.

Jimin makes a sound in denial, wetting his lips with his tongue before trusting himself to speak. “Not ready yet,” he responds weakly and can hear Yoongi’s low chuckle echoing in the walls.

“Whenever you're ready, baby,” Yoongi practically 

purrs 

and Jimin can't keep himself from looking anymore. He lifts himself on his elbows, eyes finding Yoongi in the same position he pictured and Jimin feels everything as the air leaves his lungs all at once.

Yoongi is wearing a soft, oversized white sweater with long sleeves that cover most of his large palms, leaving only his long fingers out. It contrasts with his pale skin and bleached hair – while Jimin was changing he had taken a shower and his locks still look a bit damp and super fluffy. Jimin swallows dry when his eyes trail all the way down to the white thigh-highs hugging his thin legs, lace reaching mid thighs and mixing with his skin.

Yoongi looks so fucking stunning and Jimin doesn't even try to hold back the whimper that bubbles up his throat. Yoongi notices and Jimin is very familiar with the glint in his eyes and the pull on his lips.

“Like what you see?” Yoongi drops his voice into something smoky that has Jimin taking a deep breath to control the shiver threatening to run down his spine.

He wants to nod, wants to cry out in despair because fuck

, 

he needs to 

touch 

it, wrap his warm hands around the flesh of Yoongi’s thigh and squeeze.

“Are you wearing makeup?” he asks instead in a meek voice when he notices a glint of gold as Yoongi shifts his face slightly.

Yoongi hums and Jimin keeps staring, only now noticing the fading red tint on his lips and the shine on his lash line and cheekbones. He thinks there's even some at the tip of Yoongi’s button nose but he's not sure if it's just his imagination playing tricks on him.

“Took yours when you were helping Tae with packing,” Yoongi says and he finally takes a step inside the room. Jimin doesn't stare at the way the winter sun lights Yoongi’s skin and makes the glitter on his face reflect speckles of gold and silver. Somewhere, deep down in Jimin’s melted brain, a vague thought crosses his mind: this can't get any better.

“You took my makeup…?” Jimin repeats. Yoongi is now by the bed, smug smile on his tinted lips and all Jimin wants to do is kiss them.

He scrambles on the bed, brings his legs over the edge to assume the same position they were right after Jimin stepped out of the bathroom, except now Jimin is sitting on the bed with Yoongi between his toned legs.

“

Fuck

,” Jimin moans when he smells the scent of Seokjin’s strawberry body lotion on Yoongi. Yoongi laughs, throwing his head back and from this angle, Jimin can stare at his exposed throat.

“Is it too much, hm baby?” Yoongi runs a hand through Jimin’s hair, making him close his eyes to the touch.

“You're amazing,” Jimin says, voice barely above a whisper and this time he can feel Yoongi humming. “I can't believe you're mine,” Jimin buries his head in the fabric of Yoongi sweater, nuzzling his face over the elder's stomach softly. He feels Yoongi’s hands holding him in place and running through his locks again.

“You're so cheesy,” Yoongi tries to sound like he's complaining, but he smiles down at Jimin so he thinks he is forgiven.

“Okay,” Jimin starts, pulling away to lean his body back. “What… How do you wanna do this?” Yoongi raises a brow silently at his words but he recovers pretty quickly, a smirk taking over his lips.

“Well, for starters… I’m gonna suck you off,” Yoongi says, dropping to knees immediately, making Jimin straighten his back so he can watch Yoongi between his legs. The older man grabs at his thighs, squeezing the muscles and even if his fingers are cold Jimin feels the flesh burn with heat under the attention.

“Oh my God,” Jimin moans when Yoongi mouths at his briefs, almond-shaped eyes staring up at him with lust. By the time he's pulling Jimin underwear down, making the younger shift his weight to the balls of his feet so he can lift his hips, Jimin is already panting hard.

Jimin’s brain is not even working anymore by the time Yoongi puts him in his mouth.

Yoongi is a tease by nature. Most days he just likes to rile Jimin up until the younger begs, tears filling his eyes. He runs his lips up and down Jimin’s shaft, holding it up by the base so he could mouth at it without his hands getting in the way. Jimin keeps himself from closing his eyes, needing to watch Yoongi while the elder runs his tongue over the slit of his dick.

Every touch of Yoongi’s mouth is maddening and Jimin feels like he’s about to combust just from all the teasing. He’s not even hard yet, his member just the shy of an erection but he knows it won’t take long; not with the way Yoongi just takes the head in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks as he sucks on it.

The grip on Yoongi’s hair tightens when he tries to take more of Jimin, each bob of his head going down further and further until his lips meet his blunt fingers at the base of Jimin’s cock. Jimin has to bite down on his bottom lip to keep a loud moan from escaping and Yoongi pulls out with a wet pop.

“There’s no one home, Jiminie. You can be loud,” Jimin makes a strangled noise at that, nodding quickly to get Yoongi back on his dick. Yoongi does no such thing, smirking when Jimin gasps from the tight stroke that comes right after. “Let me hear your pretty voice, baby.”

If Jimin looks closely he can see some of his red gloss smeared on the skin of his shaft. Yoongi’s mouth doesn’t look much better, a faint redness at the edge of his wet lips. He’s got that hooded look in his eyes and seems to be painting just as much as Jimin. It’s a fucking sight and Jimin is surprised by his self-control when he doesn’t come right there.

“Hyung, please,” Jimin begs helplessly, trusting his hips into Yoongi’s fist.

“Please what, Jiminie?” Yoongi is smiling smugly, looking like he’s enjoying this way too much, the fucker.

“Please suck me off,” Jimin gets out, swallowing dry when Yoongi’s chuckles.

“As you wish, baby,” and he takes no time, deepthroating Jimin in one go. Jimin moans loudly, fingers tightening in Yoongi’s fluffy locks when he feels Yoongi clenching around him.

“Fuck,” Jimin lets out a shaky curse when Yoongi pulls away, hollowing his cheeks on the way up.

“Can you fuck my mouth?” Yoongi looks up at him and Jimin can see more of the gloss smeared on his lips. He nods mindlessly, guiding Yoongi’s head to his aching cock. There’s a moment where Yoongi takes a deep breath and then Jimin thrusts up, burying his member inside his mouth.

The feeling of Yoongi’s velvet mouth and his throat tightening around Jimin’s length makes him groan weakly, eyes trying to burn the image in his eyelids. He trusts up thrice before letting go of Yoongi’s hair and letting him come up for air. Yoongi doesn’t cough, gag reflex barely existent by now.

“Fuck,” he spits out hoarsely, husky tone sending a shiver down Jimin’s spine. He’s resting his forehead on Jimin’s thigh and the younger can see the way his chest moves quickly through the pullover. “Forgot how big you are.”

Jimin chuckles at that, trying to get his breath under control too. He runs his fingers softly through Yoongi’s hair, smiling when he hums at the touch.

“Gonna have to prep you properly then,” Jimin hums back. Yoongi snorts at that, rising to his feet. Jimin’s hands find solace on Yoongi’s waist, pulling the man between his legs when Yoongi grabs at his cheeks.

Jimin hums at the long peck Yoongi drops on his lips, smiling when he pulls back.

“I did prep myself already,” Yoongi's lips brush against Jimin’s when he whispers that and Jimin’s eyes fly open, wide with surprise.

“W-what,” Jimin stutters, eyes glancing down to where Yoongi’s sweater hides his crotch. The image of Yoongi fingering himself in the shower or on his bed, alone and thinking of Jimin is just too much for him.

“Scoot back,” Yoongi pushes at his shoulder and Jimin, too shocked to say anything, just goes until his back hits the pillows on the headboard.

Jimin watches as Yoongi climbs on the back, knees brushing the duvet until he’s straddling Jimin. He hooks a finger on a strap of the leather harness, pulling Jimin up until he’s sitting straight, face to face with Yoongi. He can feel his heart racing inhumanely fast when his hands come up to hold Yoongi’s thighs. They’re warm and shaking, probably from supporting his body on his knees earlier and Jimin can’t help but squeeze them, gathering the way Yoongi reacts.

The elder shuts his eyes close, taking a deep breath through his nose and tightening his hold on the balls of Jimin’s shoulders. “You’re not real,” Yoongi slaps Jimin on the chest to cover up his blushing cheeks.

“Of course I am, you idiot,” Yoongi mumbles, the expression on his face softening before he drops another on Jimin’s lips, then on his chin, followed by a trail of pecks and nibbles on Jimin’s throat.

“Hyung, can you please–,” Jimin starts, leaning his head back to give Yoongi access. Yoongi hums, mouthing at his collarbones as Jimin’s hands find his ass, squeezing for solace.

“What, Jiminie? What do you want?” Yoongi pulls away from his skin to mumble the words against the base of his throat. Jimin whines, missing the touch of his lips already.

Jimin cries out when Yoongi bites the skin of his neck before mouthing at his earlobe. He almost shivers again when Yoongi whispers with his mouth pressed against his ear.

“I know what you want. You want to fuck your hyung in these pretty socks, don't you Jiminie? Wanna stuff me with your big fat cock, right baby?” and Jimin is moaning, eyes pressed closed as the filthy words travel all the way down to his crotch, his rock-hard member twitching between his legs.

“Hyung,” Jimin whines when Yoongi pulls back. The elder smiles down at him, tilting his head before he gets up from the bed, leaving Jimin alone.

Jimin is about to protest loudly at Yoongi for leaving the bed when he sees him bending down to grab the lube and condom at his desk drawer. In this position, the hem of his sweater rides up and Jimin can see Yoongi’s naked ass from here.

He almost chokes on air when he makes out a blue heart-shaped butt plug between his ass cheeks.

“Fuck, hyung,” Jimin groans, throwing himself back on the pillows and throwing his arm over his eyes. He needs a minute, or ten.

Jimin hears Yoongi paddling back and feels him climbing on the bed, but he doesn't move. “Like what you see, Jiminie?”

“Shut up,” Jimin whines in a petulant manner and Yoongi hums. His mouth is now working on his chest, making a trail around the bondage harness with his tongue and sucking his nipples in his mouth. Jimin arches up, mouth hanging open as he lets Yoongi have his fun.

“Now don't be mean, Jiminie,” Jimin can practically hear the pout on Yoongi's lips. It's insufferable, his boyfriend is insufferable and Jimin doesn't think he will make it through today.

“Fuck you,” Jimin says out of spite (but secretly wanting to know how far he will have to push Yoongi to have him break too).

The answer comes in form of a burning slap on his thigh and Jimin hisses. It's not harsh, not even close, but Jimin enjoys the way the skin tingles anyway and he feels his whole body burning with anticipation.

“Play nice,” Yoongi mumbles against his ear, mouth dropping a kiss at the spot below. “Now help your hyung and pull the plug out for me.”

Jimin nods, now silent as he knows what lines they're crossing here. He can't help but feel a rush of heat running through his body. Fuck, he missed this.

When he uncovers his eyes Yoongi is staring at him, an apologetic look in his eyes and a fond smile on his lips.

“It's all green, hyung,” Jimin rushes out when Yoongi opens his mouth and the elder nods, expression melting away into something more predatory.

Wasting no time and reaching behind Yoongi for the plug, Jimin actually whines with Yoongi when he pulls it off, feeling the resistance of Yoongi’s hole.

“Shit,” Yoongi brows frown, eyes pressed close as he takes deep breaths in. Jimin rubs circles on his hips under the sweater, helping him calm down.

Yoongi takes a little longer to open his eyes and Jimin stares at the outline of his dick while he waits, mouth watering with want. He knows what Yoongi will say if he asks to taste it now, so he bites down on his tongue instead.

“Gon’ use lots of lube, make it all messy, hm? I know you like it messy,” Yoongi pops the bottle open and the smell of peaches fill in the air in the room.

Here’s the thing: the more turned on Yoongi gets the more he slurs out the words in a husky voice. It’s incredibly hot and it makes Jimin weak in the knees. He’s watching, hissing while closing his eyes for a brief moment when Yoongi strokes his shaft.

“What’s wrong?” Jimin asks when Yoongi seems to hesitate with the shiny foil condom package.

“Can we not use it?” Yoongi asks with a glint of hope in his tone. They have been using condoms just to avoid the hassle of cleaning up so Jimin takes a sharp breath, bites down on his bottom lip as he nods. The idea of having Yoongi full with 

him

 to the brim is just too great to pass on.

“Yes please,” he whines and Yoongi takes his hand wet with the lube and strokes Jimin’s member again, pouring a lot of lube. He’s making a mess and Jimin is about to complain that they won’t be able to lay down here afterward when he remembers they’re alone and can sleep anywhere else if they want.

“Ready?” Yoongi asks, lining himself over Jimin’s cock. The younger nods, feeling helpless as he keeps a tight grip on Yoongi’s waist.

Yoongi lowers himself slowly at first, only until the tip is in. Then he goes absolutely mad and drops himself all the way down, engulfing Jimin in an impossibly hot grip. Yoongi clenches around Jimin, making both of them moan loudly.

“Shit Jiminie,” Yoongi groans and Jimin just watches, the way he looks blissful with that smile and his eyes shut tight. “Fuck, baby you make me feel so full,” Yoongi looks straight into Jimin’s eyes when he rolls his hips tentatively. Both of them groan at the movement.

“Shit, shit, hyung,” Jimin repeats this words like a mantra, throwing his head back again the mattress because fuck, it’s been a long time since they’ve done this.

Jimin is usually the one being fucked, pressed into any surface available and ripped open by Yoongi’s dick. But sometimes Yoongi feels like taking it and Jimin, he’s never one to say no.

“You like it, hm?” Yoongi lifts himself on his thighs only to drop down again, his body tight around Jimin’s erection, making the other go crazy. The slide is so smooth, so easy and soon Yoongi finds a rhythm that’s fast enough to make Jimin whimper, but much too slow to get him off.

Yoongi seems to be having fun, eyes fogged with lust staring right at Jimin, his pink puffy mouth hanging open in silent moans as he rides the hell out of Jimin. It’s too much and not enough all at the same time and Jimin can’t handle it.

In a particular sharp thrust Yoongi shakes, flying up from the press of Jimin’s dick and the younger knows what he’s found. “Shit,” Yoongi moans, eyes closing briefly as his body shakes silently. Jimin holds onto his thigh to ease the effort but Yoongi quickly recovers.

Tilting his head so his neck is exposed, Yoongi grabs at the strap of Jimin’s harness and pulls, just enough for it to grab at Jimin’s skin. He sets a brutal pace, the slick of lube as he slides on Jimin’s dick and the loud echo of his hips hitting the back of Yoongi’s thighs.

Jimin can feel how hard the muscles of Yoongi’s legs are tensing from the movement, his breath coming out harsh. It’s almost too much and the way Yoongi is looking down at him, pure lust in his eyes is not helping.

“Jiminie, you feel amazing baby,” Yoongi moans and Jimin can feel the way his heart is beating at the top of his throat. “Stretching me so good.”

“Hyung,” Jimin is squirming, helplessly. It’s both the drag of Yoongi’s walls and his words that make Jimin feel so close, a liquid heat settling in his navel.

“Are you close already baby?” Yoongi asks, a knowing look on his face. He pulls harder at the harness, almost lifting Jimin off the bed.

Jimin doesn’t trust his voice, a whimper bubbling up at the back of his throat already, so he nods. Yoongi’s arches a brow at that, bleached hair falling over his eyes and Jimin can already see the way some locks are sticking to his forehead from all the sweating.

“But we can’t have that, now, can we?” Yoongi hums, slowing his thrusts down to nothing and making Jimin whine at the loss of friction. “Gotta work for it, baby boy.”

“Okay, hyung,” Jimin says, voice so small and vulnerable Yoongi gives him a fond look again.

“Good boy,” Yoongi whispers, his other hand hooking on the harness for solace. “Make hyung come first, Jiminie. Then I’ll let you come,” and who’s Jimin to say no?

He already knows the rules. God, he loves them even. When Yoongi gets like this, all dominant and shit, Jimin always has the best orgasms. It’s funny, how much he gets off on being told what to do.

“Go on now,” Yoongi says softly and Jimin wastes no times, planting his feet flat on the mattress and holding Yoongi’s hips up so he can start thrusting into his gaping hole.

Jimin moans when Yoongi drops forward, fingers tight around the harness so he won’t fall over. His mouth is hanging open, a strained sound leaving occasionally until Jimin finds his prostate. That’s when he knows it, Yoongi pressing his eyes shut and fisting the straps over Jimin’s skin. He bites back a moan but Jimin knows from the way he’s clenching and thighs shaking that he’s found it.

With the right angle and amount of stimulation Yoongi can come just from being fucked and Jimin, 

fuck

, Jimin loves when he does that.

“Fuck Jiminie, right there,” Yoongi moans and the sound goes straight to Jimin’s dick. “Yes, yes, just like that, baby. God, you’re perfect.”

Jimin grins at Yoongi’s rambling. His boyfriend is not being coherent anymore and Jimin knows is just a matter of time. He keeps thrusting up, doesn’t slow down the pace and Yoongi moans over and over, every time Jimin do as much as brush the bundle of nerves.

Jimin knows he is close when he starts whimpering incoherent sentences about how good Jimin feels, how big and how much Yoongi loves to be fucked by him.

“Fuck baby, I’m almost there,” Yoongi whispers hoarsely.

Jimin thrusts a few more time, pace erratic and whimpering from holding back his orgasm. He can almost feel it rushing through his body when Yoongi finally screams, throwing his head back and his name slipping from his lips. Jimin fucks him through his climax, holding onto him as he shakes and paints Jimin’s chest with cum.

He slows down for a moment, dropping his hips on the mattress and letting Yoongi catch his breath but Yoongi has other plans, taking back the control and just starting to fuck himself on Jimin again. The muscles of Jimin’s stomach feel impossibly tight and he can feel heat spreading from the center of his body all the way to his head and toes.

Yoongi whimpers from the overstimulation but he doesn’t stop. “Come for me baby, fill me up,” Yoongi whispers, grip still strong on the harness and Jimin’s head is swirling with pleasure.

“Hyung,” he whimpers one last time before Yoongi clenches around him and he’s coming, thrusting up deep inside of Yoongi while the elder moans with him. The force of his orgasm rushes through his body, burning his insides all over. He blacks out for a second, blood pumping in his ears while a tingling feeing runs through his body.

“Fuck, so good,” Yoongi moans when they stop moving. He drops down on his elbows, kissing Jimin slowly and out of breath. Both slowly come down from the high, but their bodies remain warm from the heat of their climaxes. “You’re so good, baby.”

“That was amazing,” Jimin pants when Yoongi pulls away, feeling the other’s body shake with a chuckle where he’s pressed against Jimin.

“It was,” Yoongi says with a sigh.

“We need to clean up,” Jimin says after a long silence, eyes on Yoongi.

“Don’t wanna,” Yoongi slurs, humming as he lays his head down on Jimin’s chest. “Grab the plug for me, sweetheart.”

“Fuck, hyung,” Jimin complains, but still reaches for the chromed toy on the nightstand. “Let’s just clean up,” he says. Both of them hiss when Jimin slips out and Yoongi is immediately pressing the plug against his rim and pushing it in with a whimper. Jimin grimaces, a concerned frown forming on his face.

“Later,” Yoongi says when the plug is fully seated inside him. He grimaces too when he moves, dropping his body on the bed and curling against Jimin. “Now I want cuddles.”

“I still have come all over my chest,” Jimin points out.

“Okay, let's clean up,” Yoongi groans, getting up a little too fast.

Jimin can’t help but laugh when he limps across the room, sweater falling from his shoulder and thigh-highs holding at different heights. His hair looks like a mess and Jimin smiles, a bit too proudly for he was the one that made Yoongi look like this.

“Aren’t you coming?” Yoongi looks back from the bathroom door and arches a brow at him. He’s got his arms crossed over his chest but he’s smiling at Jimin. Jimin’s grin widens when he jumps out of the bed to follow him, dropping a peck on his lips when he reaches Yoongi. “Fucking brat,” Yoongi mumbles against his lips, but there’s a smile on his face and Jimin laughs freely.

They decide to take a bath together, Jimin’s back pressed back against Yoongi’s while they soak in the pink bubbly water. Yoongi whispering praises in his ear, making Jimin stomach swirl with the affection. Yoongi has always been the best at aftercare and he doesn’t seem to care that today he didn’t go particularly rough on Jimin to require it. He just seems to like it, kissing Jimin’s skin and telling how he’s a good boy, hyung’s baby boy.

“Thank you,” Yoongi says, lips pressed at the base of his neck where it meets the shoulder.

“What for?” Jimin tilts his head back, resting it on Yoongi’s shoulder and staring up at him. Yoongi’s arms were around his waist, holding him against his warm chest. 

“For this,” Yoongi says and Jimin just smiles, turning his head to press his lips against his necks. “I love you, baby. You know that right?”

“I know, hyung,” Jimin whispers, eyes pressed closer and smile widening until it started hurting. “I love you too.”

Yoongi hums, turning his head to kiss Jimin’s temple. Jimin sighs, happily adjusting himself in the bathtub.

“Love you so much,” Jimin mumbles, eyes closed. He can feel sleep creeping up on him, body softening in Yoongi’s hold. 

Yoongi helps him out of the tub when they’re done cleaning up, dries his body for him while Jimin rests his forehead on his shoulder and keeps humming I love you’s under his breath. He helps Jimin slip on some underwear and one of his old oversized band t-shirts.

Jimin’s body is still tingling with happiness and it never goes away, not until they’re clean and back in bed under the covers, Jimin sound asleep with his face pressed on Yoongi’s chest and the elder’s smile pressed against the top of his head.
 



Afterword


End Notes
Constructive criticism is always welcome.Scream with/at me on Twitter or Tumblr


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



