



Love Me Do - jikooooktrash - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Love Me Do
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12435204.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
um, I Tried, okay, this is a judgement free zone smh, Office AU, Boss!jungkook, worker!jimin, based on that mcountdown skit thing that happened, slight tae/gi, i couldn't make jugnkook a huge asshole, it would hurt my heart, this seems rushed even though it's almost 12k words????, i'm sorry if this is a disappointment, i wrote this 3 times and sitll don't like the end result, lol, kill me, Anyways, uhhh, idk what else to tag tbh, title is from vi/xx's song 'love me do' plz go listen to it
Stats:

        Published: 2017-10-21
        Words: 11897
      

Love Me Do
by jikooooktrash
Summary
"I think I’m going to quit. Like, I keep thinking I can stick around and put up with it all. But I’m weak. And I think I’m going to quit.” Jimin took a deep breath after his monologue and looked up to observe his co-worker’s expressions. Jungkook sighed out a, “come to my office, Park.”----In other words, Jimin is always berated by his asshole boss, Jungkook. Tired of the disrespect, he plans on quitting or getting the promotion that's available. But as Jungkook starts to become nicer, Jimin questions his plan.
Notes
so many people are expecting this to be good, i'm so sorry to disappoint you all lmaoooo.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Love Me Do

Park Jimin had a hard life, believe it or not. It wasn’t that he was horribly poor (though, he was struggling), it wasn’t that he didn’t have any friends or family (no, he had a lot of amazing people to support him), it wasn’t that he didn’t have self-confidence or anything of the sort (although he struggled occasionally, he was aware of how attractive he was). No, Park Jimin had a hard life because of his boss. He worked in an average sized company that made decent sales for not being at the top. He had tons of co-workers who worked incredibly hard and were his closest friends. He liked his job. What he didn’t like was his annoying, controlling, over-bearing boss, Jeon Jungkook.Jungkook was only 23 years old, the youngest in their office, and yet he was their boss. That wasn’t really what pissed Jimin off (though it was part of the reason). No, what made Jimin annoyed was how his boss treated him. Jimin knew he wasn’t his boss’s favorite team member. Jungkook had made that clear when he had first overtaken for his dead father and looked Jimin up and down and sighed loudly. But he tried, he tried his best, and he always did what was assigned of him. And yet, Jungkook never gave him a break. Every day it was something new that he had an issue with. And it was always Jimin’s fault, even if he hadn’t been working on that specific project. It was somehow his fault.Jungkook always gave Jimin the most work, and while others got to leave and hour early, Jimin had to stay two hours behind to finish. He was always stuck acting like Jungkook’s slave. If he needed coffee, he had to get it for him. If he needed a document, he had to sort through everything and find it. If he needed lunch, Jimin had to go down to the corner store and buy him his favorite sandwich during his own lunch break. He was a slave in his work place and he was tired of it. It was unequal treatment, and when Jimin had expressed his concerns, the others had laughed. He didn’t see what was so funny.Jungkook was also just plain rude to Jimin. He remembers three months ago, he had spent weeks on a proposal that Jungkook had assigned. He had gotten multiple opinions, and all of them said that it was amazing and some of the best work they had seen so far. And yet, when Jimin presented it to Jungkook. He was told it was shit. Straight up, Jungkook had sat there, looked over the presentation, tossed it back on the desk, and said “it’s shit”. It had crushed Jimin. He had almost quit right then and there, tired of the disrespect and obviously biased treatment. But he had just picked up his proposal and told Jungkook he’d work harder next time. Because he had no backbone and needed the money.Jimin sighed as he parked his car in the employee parking lot. He dreaded going to work. He got out of his car and walked towards his company, his coffee hot in his hands. Jimin turned a sharp corner, and stopped right before he ran into someone’s back. Scratch that, Jungkook’s back. Jimin groaned internally as he took a couple steps back as Jungkook turned around. Jimin bowed, hating every second of it. “Sorry, Mr. Jeon. I didn’t mean to almost run into you.”“Stop bowing, you look stupid.” Jungkook brushed off as he walked away. Jimin gritted his teeth. A couple months ago, Jungkook had reprimanded him for not bowing towards him, and now he ‘looked stupid’ doing it? Jimin could feel his face heating up in anger, his blood was boiling. But he took a deep breath and continued to the office. He walked into the main room and went towards his cubicle. Jimin set his coffee down along with his bag and sat in his chair. “Hey, Tae.” Jimin greeted one of his best friends, next to him.“Jimin!” Taehyung greeted in response. Something good must have happened, because Taehyung rarely looked this excited to work.“Something going on, Tae?” Jimin asked as he turned his computer on to start his work. He pulled a couple of papers from his bag and grabbed his pen, marking them up and filling in information.Taehyung rolled his chair closer to Jimin, invading his personal space and bumping into him. “I asked Jeon if I could have Friday off for my sister’s wedding and he allowed me to! He even gave me Monday off for ‘full recovery after partying.’ His words not mine.” Taehyung cheered before he whispered, “he doesn’t have to know her wedding is actually on Saturday.”“Jeon gave you a four-day weekend?” Jimin gasped, shocked by what he had heard. Jungkook was a stickler for days off. He only allowed days off for truly important reasons, like dying in the hospital. Jimin had never been allowed a day off. Even when he was dying in the hospital he had to work from there (okay he had a sprained ankle, but still). “Holy shit Tae! That’s amazing!”“Isn’t it?” Taehyung sighed happily. “Oh, you’re my date for the wedding, so I asked if you could have the days off as well, right?” Jimin held his breath. No way, was he going to get a four-day weekend as well? Holy shit. This was unheard of.  This was amazing. “and he told me to tell you...” Taehyung trailed off. Jimin held his breath, excitement overcame him, and he couldn’t hold back his smile. “to ask him!” Jimin sighed. Too good to be true.“I think I’ll just work on Friday, I already know that he won’t give me time off.” Jimin rolled his eyes as he went back to work. If he asked Jeon to give him time off, Jungkook would probably force him to come in on Saturday and Sunday instead. Give him more work. Because Jungkook was an asshole like that.“Come on Jimin! I thought the same thing, but then he surprised the hell out of me and gave me the days off! Just try.” Taehyung encouraged. Jimin took a deep breath, Tae was right. Maybe Jungkook was feeling generous today. Maybe he was going to finally treat Jimin like a human being. Maybe he’d actually want to stay at his job. (That was highly doubtful, though, considering Jimin had already started applying to other jobs.)“You’re right. I’ll ask him right now.” Jimin said as he stood up. He walked over to Jungkook’s office (a “good luck” from Taehyung followed after him), took a deep breath, and knocked on the door.“Come in.” A strong voice from the other side greeted Jimin. Jungkook’s voice was powerful, and kind of deep. It had an authoritative sound, and it was clear why Jimin was nervous whenever Jungkook spoke. His voice was commanding, and he spoke with intention, he knew what he wanted. And he usually wanted to berate Jimin. Which wasn’t pleasing for Jimin at all. Jimin opened the door, and walked in, quietly shutting it behind him. Jungkook looked up from his desk and raised an eyebrow; he motioned for Jimin to speak. “Mr. Jeon. Good morning.” Jimin waited for him to say it back but Jungkook just stared at him. Jimin couldn’t help but feel awkward under Jungkook’s scrutinizing gaze. “Right. So, I heard from Taehyung that he was allowed to get Friday off for his sister’s wedding. And since I’m Taehyung’s date… I was hoping I could as well?” Jimin wrung his hands together in nervousness. He already had an idea of what was coming. He figured that Jungkook was going to deny him the days off.Jungkook leaned back in his chair and clasped his hands together in front of him. He still had one eyebrow raised, and Jimin had to admit it made him look attractive. “You want me to give you time off for a wedding of someone you’re not related to?” Jungkook asked, his voice cold. Like it always was when directed at Jimin.“I-I mean. I am Taehyung’s date. I’ve known his sister since I was seventeen years old. They’re practically my family. I think it’s a valid reason to get time off.” Jimin spoke weakly. He didn’t like the fact that he spoke weakly, he hated it in fact. But Jungkook was his boss, and Jimin couldn’t really speak in an improper way, even if Jungkook was a brat.“I’m sorry, but I need you here on Friday.” Jungkook brushed off the request like it was nothing. He went back to messing with papers on his desk and ignoring Jimin.But Jimin was annoyed, he was tired, and he was sick of the disrespect. He knew he’d regret the next words that came out of his mouth, but he couldn’t stop himself. “Why? What do you need me for on Friday? I’m not a part of the upcoming project, I don’t have any work except filing to do on Friday. And if I complete that on Thursday, then it should be no issue. So why won’t you give me the time off? I’ve only requested one day off before, and I wasn’t even able to take that day off.” Jimin definitely regretted what he said. Fucking hell, he hated himself. He was going to get fired. Which wasn’t horrible, but he needed the job until he found a new one. He couldn’t risk getting fired right now.“Are you questioning my authority?” Jungkook questioned, voice as sharp and cruel as always. He went to stand up, putting his hands on the desk and pushing his chair backwards. Jimin could see his muscles flex under his white button up shirt. Jimin was strong, he worked out at least twice a week. He could lift Yoongi up no problem. But that didn’t mean he felt comfortable taking on his boss.“No, Mr. Jeon. I’m not.” Jimin backed down, his voice meek almost. He hated that he acted like this. He hated that he acted so weak in front of Jungkook when he was never like this around others. He hated that Jungkook was his boss. Sadly, if he were to act how he normally does, he’d be fired in two seconds. He had to take whatever Jungkook threw at him. He had to take everything. God he was tired of it.“Good. I’ll see how I feel on Thursday about the time off. Now leave.” Jungkook waved Jimin out the door. Jimin bit his tongue so he didn’t say anything unnecessary and walked back to his cubicle.“So, how’d it go?” Taehyung asked excitedly as Jimin walked towards him.“I have to work. I’m sorry, Tae.” Jimin sighed as he collapsed into his chair and groaned loudly. “I honestly think I’m going to quite Tae. I know we have this goal to work in the same company and I know you love it here. But fuck, I hate it. Like, I hate working here.”“What, why do you have to work? You’re not even a part of our major project?” Tae turned towards Jungkook’s office and glared. “It’s because that little bitch thinks we’re dating for real.” He whispered.Jimin raised an eyebrow. Was Jungkook interested in Taehyung? Did he see Jimin as competition, is that why he treated him like shit? Holy fuck, that explained so much. It wasn’t an excuse, but it did explain how he was treated. Because of course Jungkook would dislike Jimin if he were interested in Taehyung. Jimin and Tae were often confused as boyfriends because of how close friends they were. So, it was only natural for Jungkook to assume the same. “Should I got tell him we aren’t dating? Maybe he’ll get off my back then?” Jimin asked, a plan already forming in his mind. He would tell Jungkook he wasn’t dating Tae and that he could date him as much as he wanted. Then Jungkook would stop treating him like his slave and Jimin would have a secure job and not have to look for a new one. Perfect.“No, he’d be more on your back if we weren’t dating.” Tae huffed. Why would Jungkook be more on Jimin’s back? Wouldn’t he be happy Tae was single? Jimin frowned, but didn’t question it.Jimin looked back at Jungkook’s office. “Okay, but are you interested in him?”Taehyung paused, confusion clear on his face. “Why would it matter if I were interested in him or not?” Taehyung asked.“Well, because. If you’re interested in him, you can date him, and then he’ll stop bothering me. Like, he’s obviously confused and thinks we’re dating. And he’s clearly interested in you. If we clear up that we aren’t dating. And if you confess to him, he might lay off my back.” Jimin’s plan was absolutely fool-proof. No room for error in a plan as genius as this one. He’d be free from the wicked clutches of Jeon Jungkook.“You think he’s interested in me?” Taehyung looked shocked. Actually shocked. Why was Taehyung so shocked? Wasn’t it obvious that Jungkook liked him? Jimin thought it was obvious. Jungkook was always staring in the direction of Jimin and Taehyung’s desks. And he was always walking by acting like he was doing something only to stop and talk to Taehyung. He also treated Taehyung a lot differently than he did the other workers. How could Tae not realize Jungkook had a crush on him?“Well. Yeah? He’s not into me, that much is obvious as hell. And you’re seriously attractive, Taehyung. Who wouldn’t be attracted to you? He gave you two days off when he rarely gives days off. He always helps you when you have an issue and never makes you do half the things he makes me do. He favors you. So, I think he’s interested. And if you are interested back, which he’s good looking, so you might be, then I really hope you take one for the team and date him.” Jimin smiled a tight-lip smile. A bitter feeling overcame him when he thought of Taehyung and Jungkook dating, but he ignored it and focused on the positive. If they started dating, he’d be safe at work.“You’re both stupid. I hate you both. I’m going to get more coffee. Goodbye.” Taehyung sighed as he got up and left. Jimin frowned as he watched Taehyung walk away. What was his problem? 
 It was Thursday and Jimin already knew he wouldn’t be getting the next day off. He knew it the second he woke up. Because he had a bad feeling about today. Jimin walked into his office and sat as his cubicle, hot coffee in hand and fingers rubbing at his tired eyes. He had gotten to work early because he was hoping to at least leave early if he didn’t get the next day off. Jimin sat his chair and turned on his computer. “Morning, Taehyung.” Jimin greeted but was met with silence. He glanced towards his left and was surprised to see Taehyung wasn’t there. Now that he thought about it, the office was eerily quiet. Jimin stood up and leaned over the top of his cubicle, but Namjoon wasn’t on the other side.Jimin looked around the office, almost panicked now. Where was everyone? Why was he not informed of this apparent “let’s all ditch work!” day? Jimin walked towards the conference room, expecting he was running late for a meeting he hadn’t heard about. But again, nobody was in there. He was confused. And scared. Jimin was freaked out and put off by the silence. The office was usually loud, because of how close everyone was, there was always a conversation going on. He closed the conference room door and walked over towards the break room, but again nobody was there. Okay, he was really creeped out now.“Um, you guys? Hoseok? Namjoon? Seokjin? Yoongi? You guys here?” Jimin called out. His hand started to clam up. Was he going to die? Is this how his life ended?All of a sudden there was a crash and a whispered-shout of, “fucking hell, you guys!” Jimin was even more confused. That sounded like Yoongi. Why was he whispering? Where did that crash come from? What the fuck was going on?Jimin moved towards where the crash had sounded from slowly. He could hear even more agitated whispering. “Jungkook, I swear to god, if you don’t get your ass off the floor right this second.” Could be heard from what sounded like Hoseok. Why was Jungkook on the floor? Why were they in Jungkook’s office.“You’re not my mom, let me mope if I fucking want, you overgrown toenail.” That was definitely Jungkook. Why was Jungkook moping?“Guys?” Jimin called as he knocked on Jungkook’s office door. He was seriously confused. A silence followed for a few seconds before all hell seemed to break loose. There were whispered curses and bangs and groans. Everything was a mess, from what Jimin could hear.A muffled shout of “one second!” could be heard from inside the office. Jimin heard some more loud bangs and crashes. He could hear some grunts and groans as well. Okay, what the actual fuck was going on? After thirty seconds of waiting outside Jungkook’s office, feeling severely confused, the door opened.Seokjin stood on the other side, his hair a mess, and papers flying around behind him, the other boys frozen as they held a huge board in their hands, words too messy for Jimin to read clearly. He caught things like ‘date’ and ‘plan’ but that was it. Seokjin laughed awkwardly, the tension obvious in the room. “What brings you here,” he paused to check his watch, “13 minutes earlier than normal?”“Um, I left a little early so that I could get a head start on those files I have to do. What brings you all here, in Jungkook’s office?” Jimin raised an eyebrow. He looked behind Seokjin again to see the rest of his friends had tossed the board to the side of the room. Jungkook was in his office chair, not on the floor, and he was slumped against his desk. Yoongi was pretending to staple a stack of papers together and Namjoon was pretending to observe a figurine on Jungkook’s desk. Taehyung was slouched in a chair, his legs crossed, and hands awkwardly placed on his body. Hoseok was just standing in the middle of the room, a hand on his forehead in what seemed like exasperation.Seokjin looked behind him as well. “Oh, you know… just… some team building exercises…” he trailed off. Team building exercises? Did he expect Jimin to believe that? Like full on think that that was actually happening? It was clear to Jimin that they weren’t doing any team building exercises and instead were up to something weird. Honestly, Jimin didn’t want to know what they were doing. Worried it was something really weird.“Right. So. I’m supremely confused and don’t buy ‘team building exercises’ for one second. But I’m going to ignore this and start my work so that Mr. Jeon might be gracious enough to grant me my first day off since I started working here.” Jimin bitterly said as he walked backwards towards his desk, keeping an eye on his co-workers. Jin was waving awkwardly as the rest of the boys were poking Jungkook and messing with his things. When Jimin reached the filing cabinet next to his desk, Jin slammed the door shut.There was a huge commotion coming from inside once the door was shut and Jimin was very, very confused. Jimin crouched down on the floor and opened the bottom drawer of the filing cabinet, the one that had not been opened in months. He groaned as he saw what a mess it was and started to pull all the files out of the drawer.After working hard for around a half hour, and with the bottom drawer some-what organized now, Jimin heard Jungkook’s office door open. The boys walked out, Jungkook still slumped at his desk, and closed the door before walking towards their desks as if nothing had happened. Jimin’s eyes followed all of them. He looked at Taehyung as he sat as his desk, sweating, and on-edge. “Hey, Tae.” Jimin greeted.“Oh... hey Jimin!” Taehyung glanced at him for a second before he went back to work. Jimin rolled his eyes. Of course, Tae was acting like nothing had happened. Like Jimin hadn’t caught him in Jungkook’s office with their co-workers, doing some suspicious stuff.“So… are you excited for you four-day weekend?” Jimin asked. He may have been bitter that Jungkook was an asshole to him, but he was excited that Taehyung was getting his time off. Tae deserved it, he always worked hard, and did his best work.“You know it!” Taehyung cheered, causing the other guys to groan. Taehyung was very lucky to get that much time off.“Well, I hope you have fun.” Jimin grinned. He was a little bitter, but that didn’t stop him from being excited for his best friend. He knew that he’d still be able to attend the wedding itself, so Jimin wasn’t too sad at the idea of having to go to work the next day. “I’m happy for you!”“Thanks, Jiminie!” Taehyung grinned before he looked down at all the papers that surrounded his best friend. “I’m gonna help you with those, I don’t have much work to do today, anyways.”“You’re a life saver.” Jimin said sweetly before he started to explain how he had organized everything to Taehyung. Maybe he’d finish even earlier than thought. 
 Jimin sighed as he stirred his coffee. He had just gotten to work, after a weekend of partying at the wedding, and he was tired as hell. Taehyung was lucky that he was able to have the day off, and Jimin was bitter. He should’ve called in sick, but he knew that Jungkook would’ve given him shit for it. So instead, he sucked it up and went into work. No matter how bitter he was because of it.He took a sip out of his mug and recoiled as he burned his tongue. How could he forget his coffee was literally just poured and ridiculously hot? God, he was tired. Jimin sighed again, this time dejectedly. He looked down at his mug and felt sadness wash over him. He hated everything. Like, he full on hated everything. He was tired of working at a job he didn’t like. He was tired of working for 10 hours a day. He was tired of having next to no free time. He was tired of having an asshole of a boss.He was just… tired of it all.He walked back over to his desk and sat down. “Hey, you alright, Jimin?” Namjoon asked, clearly concerned for Jimin and his well-being. Jimin could tell he looked like shit from the glances he was getting.“No, honestly. I’m not okay.” He sighed. He decided to fuck it all and spill his feelings to his caring co-workers. He was close enough with them, they were practically his best friends. He figured it’d be okay to tell them things he’d only really revealed to himself. “I’m just really tired. I’m tired of working here and having to put up with all this shit. I’m tired of being Jeon’s slave and doing every little thing that’s asked of him. I’m tired of having to do things that aren’t in my field. It’s exhausting. I haven’t gotten full night’s rest in weeks. I’m severely sleep deprived, I’m not eating enough, and I haven’t spent any time with my dog in weeks. I think he’s becoming depressed. I think I’m depressed. I think I’m going to quit. Like, I keep thinking I can stick around and put up with it all. But I’m weak. And I think I’m going to quit.” Jimin took a deep breath after his monologue and looked up to observe his co-worker’s expressions.They looked shocked, if Jimin were honest. Like they didn’t expect him to say all of that. Like they didn’t expect for him to be tired of the treatment that he received. Seokjin spoke first, an angry “I’m going to kill that brat.” Left his mouth. Jimin raised his eyebrow. “Oh, not you!” Jin waved his hand around to try and reassure Jimin that he would survive. Jimin was only slightly confident Seokjin meant someone else.“So?” Jimin asked, his hesitation evident with the way he fidgeted so obviously. His hands clasped and unclasped themselves in his lap. His leg jiggled harshly as he looked at everyone’s expressions. He didn’t know why they were all so quiet. They should have seen this coming, Jimin had joked about quitting since a week after Jungkook became their boss.“Are you sure about quitting, or is this another joke?” Hoseok spoke up. He was standing in his cubicle, leaning over the wall that separated him from Taehyung’s desk. “Like, are you sure you’re going to do it? Because if so, I don’t want you to.” He frowned then. “I mean, I guess it’s selfish, but I’ll really miss you if you quit.”“I’m not sure, honestly. But I’ve already started looking for other jobs. There’s one like twenty minutes from my house that is only a dollar less than what I make here. So it won’t be a drastic difference.” Jimin said as he played with his coffee mug. He frowned as he sipped the semi-warm coffee. He knew he was being semi-dramatic, but he was insanely sleep deprived and not thinking clearly.“What about the promotion?” Yoongi piped up from behind Jimin, spinning in his desk chair. “I mean, you deserve it the most out of us anyways, you always work the hardest and do the most work while still having the best work. And you have the most hours put into work as well as the best success rate with clients and all that. So, I mean, it’d make sense if you got the promotion. And whoever does gets to go to the main company which means you won’t have to work with Jungkook anymore.”Jimin thought about it. It would be nice to work in the bigger office, and he wouldn’t be around Jungkook as much, but he’d still be able to work with all his friends if he wanted. There was only one fatal flaw to the whole idea. Jungkook decided who got the promotion. And that was definitely not going to go to Jimin. “But… Jungkook decides who gets the promotion. And we all know that he won’t chose me because he hates me. Like, it’s not even worth it to hope.” Jimin frowned.“You think Jungkook hates you?” Namjoon questioned, his face clearly perplexed. He seemed genuinely confused that Jimin thought Jungkook hated him. It made Jimin question if he was as smart as he bragged about. “Why do you think that? He most definitely does not hate you.” Namjoon laughed. The others all stared at him, their faces seemed to shout, ‘shut the fuck up’ at Namjoon. Jimin was severely too tired for this. He just wanted to go home, cuddle his dog, cry a little bit, and watch a sad animated movie.Before anyone could reply to Namjoon, the sound of a door opening startled all of them. “What is this? A party? Shouldn’t you guys be working, not goofing off?” Jungkook asked as he leaned against his doorframe. He had his arms crossed and he looked relaxed as he side-eyed his employees. Jimin wanted to roll his eyes. But instead he just looked at his computer screen. Jungkook looked kind of attractive like that, and it made Jimin mad. “Well? Is anyone going to answer me?” He demanded.“Calm down, Jungkook.” Seokjin sighed. “We’re just talking to Jimin. He’s not feeling that great and we were making sure he’s okay.” Jimin looked back at Jungkook and winced. Why did Seokjin have to mention him?“He looks fine to me.” Jungkook looked Jimin up and down before he shrugged. Jimin scoffed, he knew he looked the farthest thing from “fine”.  He muttered shit under his breath as silently as he could. “Since you seem to cause everyone else to goof off, you can do more work today, Park.” Jungkook said as he went to drop his papers on Jimin’s desk. Jimin wanted to cry.“He obviously doesn’t. Look at him. Come on, Jungkook.” Jimin glared at hoseok, who had spoken up, he was just making it worse. Jimin motioned for Hoseok to stop but he just continued on, “I mean, he literally is barely awake. He looks pale and sweaty and really gross, no offense. He can’t do even more work than you already have him doing.”“None taken, asshole.” Jimin frowned. He crossed his arms and pouted in his chair. Apparently, it was bag on Jimin day.Jungkook took a deep breath and then motioned for Jimin to go over, “why not? He still has working hands. He can type and write.” Jungkook rolled his eyes. The other boys glared at him and Jungkook sighed out a, “come to my office, Park.”Jimin froze before he got out of his chair. He turned back to his so-called ‘friends’ before he walked behind Jungkook. “If I die, know it’s all your fault.” He looked all of them dead in the eye and then turned around and followed Jungkook.“Shut the door, please.” Jungkook sat down in his chair and pulled himself closer to his desk. Jimin followed orders and shut the door before he walked towards Jungkook’s desk. He stood awkwardly as Jungkook looked him up and down a few times. He was analyzing Jimin, it seemed. Jimin felt weird under his heated, judging gaze. He wanted to leave. “You do look pretty shitty.” Jungkook spoke as he raised a hand to grab Jimin’s. Jimin didn’t want to admit that it made his heart speed up and his breath hitch. Because why would it do that? “Your hands are seriously sweaty as well.” He sighed as he dropped Jimin’s hand. Why did Jimin feel sad at that? “Are you feeling okay?” He asked and maybe Jimin was mistaken, but he seemed actually concerned about Jimin.“I mean, I’m not going to lie to you, I feel pretty damn horrible, but it’s not bad enough to ruin my work in anyway. I can still function.” Jimin looked down at the ground and picked a piece of fuzz off of his pant leg.Jimin could hear Jungkook sigh for the 80th time and he winced. He was expecting something horrible. Like he’d have to stay over time or he’d have to do more work or something. Because that’d be such a Jungkook thing to do to him. But instead, Jungkook ran a hand down his face, and said, “okay. Go home early. You look really sick and I don’t want your condition to get worse.” And that surprised the fuck out of Jimin. He couldn’t help but let his mouth drop open, completely shocked by what he’d hears leave Jungkook’s mouth. Jungkook then spoke again, further surprising Jimin, “Make sure you drink lots of water and get rest. Don’t come into work tomorrow unless you’re feeling 100 percent. But make sure that you don’t slack when you get back. If you start messing around and not doing work, you’re going to be in trouble.”Jimin stood there for a good minute before realization washed over him. He quickly bowed a full 90 degrees, a rushed “thank you” left his mouth. He couldn’t believe that Jungkook was allowing him to leave early. He’d never had this opportunity before.“What’d I tell you about bowing, Jimin?” Jungkook asked with a small smile on his face. Jimin quickly stood back up and laughed awkwardly. Right, Jungkook told him he looked stupid. What a nice boss.“Right. Thank you again, Mr. Jeon.” Jungkook nodded at the thanks and Jimin took that as his cue to leave. He quietly thanked him again and then left the office. When he looked up, with a tiny smile on his face, he saw Yoongi, Namjoon, Seokjin, and Hoseok all right outside the door, as if they’d been listening in the entire time. “Um.” Jimin uttered as he stopped walking and looked at his friends in front of him.They all looked at each other before Yoongi spoke up first. “Oh, would you… look at that…” he said as he pointed at a random thing and walked off, scratching the back of his head. Jimin watched as he walked towards his desk and sat down in his chair, curling into himself as he hunched over his desk and furiously typed at his keyboard even though his computer was turned off.Namjoon was next. He looked at Jimin, put his hand on his shoulder lightly, nodded his head, and then practically ran off to the break room. Jimin was seriously too tired and horrible feeling for this. He looked at his other two co-workers who exchanged a long glance before they both just started to back away. “Have a great rest of your day, Jimin!” Seokjin said as he accidentally tripped over a desk chair and almost fell.Jimin looked on at his co-workers, wondering why he was friends with them and why he put up with them They definitely had listened in on his conversation with Jungkook. And now they were acting really weird and idiotic. Jimin needed new friends. He grabbed his bag and his half-drank coffee and walked out of the office. He gave one last judging look to the other boys before left. 
  Jimin came into work the following Wednesday. He had found out he’d had a fever of one hundred and two, and was in no shape to work. He’d called in sick, expecting Jungkook to be harsh and rude to him, but instead he’d just received a “feel better” from him. Then later a delivery man arrived at his door with soup from his favorite restaurant from Jungkook himself. Which had surprised the hell out of Jimin, to say the least.He had spent the whole day resting and feeling kind of weird. He wasn’t sure why, but he was hesitant to quit. Even though it’d been all he had thought about for so long, he’d been contemplating it a lot. He knew that he’d miss his coworkers, he knew he’d miss his office (though it was small, it was a fun space and it made him feel safe and calm, since he was so used to it), and he know he’d miss the extra money he got from working over-time (even if he really hated the extra work, the money was good).And he’d even thought he might miss Jungkook just the slightest bit. Because even though he hated Jungkook, he was a decent boss who knew what he was doing. He always had a goal and made sure they reached that goal. He was driven, and he knew how to get what he wanted. He wasn’t messy or lazy. Which were all things that Jimin appreciated and looked up to him for. Even if he didn’t like him personally, his work skills were admirable. So Jimin admitted to himself that he’d be a little upset if his new boss didn’t have the same characteristics that Jungkook did.So Jimin walked into work on Wednesday, hesitant and unsure of what he was going to do. A week ago, he was dead set on quitting, but now he was unsure. It made him annoyed that he couldn’t just make up his mind. He sighed as he walked towards his desk and set his things down. He pulled out his chair and relaxed into, spinning a few times. “Morning, everyone.” He greeted out as he saw them all leave Jungkook’s office once again.“Oh fuck!” Hoseok shouted as he jumped in the air, clearly startled by Jimin’s greeting. “God, Jimin, I didn’t notice you, you scared the shit out of me.” He accused and Jimin chuckled.“Sorry, Hobi.” Jimin smiled at him as he spun around in his chair once again. “Why are you guys always in Jungkook’s office? Is it some mafia shit I don’t know about?”“If it were, we wouldn’t tell you.” Seokjin grinned back at Jimin and sat down in his desk. The other boys followed his moves and sat down in their desks as well. “How are you feeling, by the way?” Seokjin asked as he turned his computer on and waited for it to start up.“I’m better. I really needed the rest that I got yesterday.” Jimin nodded. “I had a high fever, so I felt like complete shit, but it wasn’t too horrible. I’m feeling a lot better today.” Jimin smiled pleasantly.“You look better as well.” Namjoon leaned over the cubicle wall and flicked Jimin’s forehead. “you’re eyebags aren’t as big.”“I can’t believe you didn’t tell me you were sick. Best friends my ass.” Taehyung said bitterly as he pouted. Jimin laughed and rolled his chair towards Taehyung in order to give him a quick hug. With a muttered sorry, he rolled back over to his own desk.Jungkook’s door opened and again, like always, everyone turned towards him automatically. He started speaking, not looking up from his papers. “Since Jimin’s out, I want you noobs to actually try at the work you input so Jimin doesn’t have to go over it again like always. He can’t always correct your half-ass work.” Jimin was shocked at what he heard. Since when did Jungkook acknowledge Jimin’s efforts? Since when did he care if he had extra work to do?“I’ll have you know my work is always full-ass, never half-ass.” Taehyung spoke up with a lame grin on his face.Jungkook looked up, unimpressed of the joke that Taehyung had made. When he looked past Taehyung and at Jimin, Jungkook almost dropped the papers he was holding. Jimin watched as Jungkook fumbled with his papers and coughed a few times. “I thought you were going to call out, again.” He said when his coughing fit was over, his face red and his voice strained.Jimin opened his mouth, still a little too shocked to answer right away. “I- I didn’t want to miss another day, since I was feeling better…” Jimin trailed off.Jungkook closed his mouth and a deep blush overcame his features. “Right. I’m leaving. Goodbye.” He spoke as he turned right around and went back into his office. Jimin raised his eyebrows and looked at the other people in the room.“What’s up with him?” Jimin asked. Everyone else stared at him then sighed deeply and ignored him. “What? What did I say wrong?” Nobody answered him, though. Jimin frowned and went back to work. “Fine, don’t tell me. Jerks.” He whispered.Jimin spent the day thinking back to what Jungkook had said and the way he had been acting. It was weird for him to be so nice to Jimin, and to appreciate him. It was weird for him to not be berating Jimin. But it was even weirder that Jimin had thought Jungkook looked kind of cute when he’d gotten all nervous.It didn’t surprise Jimin when he’d gotten back from break to see a huge stack of papers on his desk, with a sticky note on top. A condescending, “since you feel better” written on the note. Jimin sighed as he glared at Jungkook’s door. Of course he’d be stuck with even more work. 
   It was nearly a week later when Jungkook called Jimin into his office again. Jimin was a little hesitant to go, not really knowing what to expect. He got up out of his chair despite the hesitation and dragged his feet towards Jungkook’s office. When he entered, he noticed Jungkook sitting at his desk, working on something. He had his head down and he was writing a bunch of words. “Um, Mr. Jeon.” Jimin spoke up as he shut the door behind him.Jungkook looked up and stopped writing. He motioned for Jimin to sit down, which Jimin did, before he started to speak, “so… you’re hoping to get the promotion?” Jungkook asked lightly.“Um. I guess. It’s not something I’m actively seeking out, really.” Jimin murmured. He’d forgotten about the promotion, after being sick for a while, but now that he thought about it, it sounded like a good idea.“…Can I ask why you want the promotion and why you think you deserve it?” Jungkook asked as he fiddled with his stapler. Jimin stared at him. He wanted to know why he wanted a promotion? Wasn’t it obvious? Why did anyone want a promotion?“I think it’d be a better opportunity, if I were to get it. It’d be a new work environment and I’d get to push myself harder. I’d be lying if I wasn’t into the higher pay as well. I also think that I work very hard and always put out my best work.” He spoke truthfully, not really caring what Jungkook had to say.Jungkook seemed to contemplate it, for a second, before he spoke again. “You do know that you won’t be working in this office if you get the promotion, right?” Jungkook asked. He looked up at Jimin once before he glanced back down and avoided eye contact. Jimin didn’t understand why he was being so awkward and almost shy. It was weird seeing him not be his usual confident self. He was used to the Jungkook with strong opinions and mind, to the boss who didn’t hold back and always spoke the truth, even if it was harsh. But now, he was being soft and quiet, a complete 180 from how he normally was. Jimin didn’t understand why he was acting how he was, but he kind of wanted to know why.“Uh, yes, I realize. I know it’ll be a change to not see everyone every day, but I don’t think it’d be a horrible change.” Jimin was being completely honest. He felt if he told Jungkook a lie, it’d result in some damage. And he knew the truth could as well, but he was willing to risk it.“You won’t miss the boys? Or m-” Jungkook coughed before he could finish his sentence. “You won’t miss the boys? I know you’re super close to them.” He said instead. Jimin was curious as to what he was originally going to say, but he brushed it off. He could think about it later.“I will, of course I will. They’re my best friends. But it’s not like I wouldn’t see them if I were to switch companies. I think the only person I wouldn’t see is you, which wouldn’t be a huge deal since we aren’t super close.” Jimin smiled. But Jungkook wasn’t smiling. He had looked up when Jimin had said that, and now he was frowning at him.“We won’t see each other if you get the promotion?” He asked quietly, more to himself than to Jimin. He looked down at his desk, as if truly contemplating something majorly important. He looked confused, a little exasperated, and even a little put-down. Jimin frowned as he looked at Jungkook, who could only be described as distraught.“Um, probably not unless I come to the office or you go to the other office. It’s not a huge deal, you know?” Jimin tried for casual. Jungkook didn’t seem to like that though. He was still staring at his desk, his brow furrowed and a small frown present on his face. Jimin looked around awkwardly, not really knowing what to do.“Right. I won’t see if you switch. Because we aren’t close. Right.” Jungkook nodded as he looked up at Jimin. He had a blank face, one with no emotion at all, and it kind of scared Jimin. “You can go, now. You have another stack of papers coming your way in a bit. Do them correctly. You’ve been slacking on them lately. You won’t get the promotion with that attitude, Park.” Jungkook said as he shrugged. That was it? God, Jungkook was an ass. A very attractive ass, Jimin couldn’t help but notice.“Alright.” Jimin said as he got up, looking back at Jungkook once. He was staring blankly at his computer screen, not really moving or anything. It made Jimin feel weird. Kind of… bad for him? He felt like he wanted Jungkook to be happy, not upset. Jimin walked out of the office despite his initial thought to ask if Jungkook was okay. He had literally just been a jerk to Jimin, why was Jimin feeling bad for him?He sat back down in his desk, a weird feeling ruining his mood. “That was weird.” He murmured. Taehyung looked over at him.“What was weird?” He asked as he rolled his chair closer and clasped his hands together, leaning back in his chair. His tie was crooked, and his hair was a mess, Jimin wondered how that had happened, since Taehyung usually liked to look well put together.“Just Jungkook. He asked me about the promotion, and why I wanted it. When I explained that I’m not like actively trying to get the promotion, it’d still be a really awesome opportunity that I’d enjoy. And then he was like ‘but you won’t see anyone else from the company’ and I was like ‘um I’m friends with them, I can see them outside of work. I just won’t see you’. And then he got all quiet and weird, and this awkward mood overcame the whole room. It was just really weird. Like as if he hadn’t realized we wouldn’t see each other that much and as if he was upset at the prospect that we wouldn’t? Which is so weird? Because why would he care if we don’t see each other, he doesn’t even like me that much.” Jimin took a deep breath then continued, “I mean, I know we’ve worked together for a while, and I’m a good worker. So he might miss that aspect of me. But I just find it weird that he got so moody when I mentioned that I don’t mind not seeing him that often. And then he like got all defensive and mean and told me my work has been slacking lately, which we know is a lie. And then he just shooed me out of his office. And was like really weird when I left.” Jimin furrowed his brows as he remembered that.Taehyung sighed as he listened to Jimin’s rant. Jimin waited to hear his opinion, because Taehyung always shared great points and solutions. He was a great best friend for those things. “Did you ever think he might miss you?” Taehyung asked in a bored, nearly monotone voice. “I mean, not to be that person. But like, Jungkook doesn’t hate you, despite your beliefs. And like, he gets separation anxiety sometimes, so I wouldn’t doubt it if he would miss you.”“Okay but why would he miss me? Like, I get it, he doesn’t hate me, but that doesn’t mean he likes me and would miss me. That’s weird. I think he may have heard some bad news before he called me in or something. That’s the only thing that I can come up with. Because there is no way that he cares about me.” Jimin denied any thought that Taehyung put into his head. There was no way that Jungkook cared for him personally.“You’re dumb, Jimin. I love you, but come on.” Taehyung said exasperatedly. He threw his head back; his hair fell around his face and he groaned. “I mean, come on. He literally ordered you your favorite soup last week because you were sick. Like, come on.”“Okay, but that doesn’t mean he likes me?” but even to Jimin, the words sounded weak to his ears. He thought hard for a second. Sometimes, it did seem like Jungkook liked him as a person. But there’s no way that that could be true. Because Jungkook was kind of an asshole to him. He was like, a jerk to him almost 80% of the time. And that 20 percent of niceness didn’t make up for that eighty percent of rudeness.“Just think for a second, Jiminie. Think long and hard about Jungkook okay? And then tell me again if he likes you or not.” Taehyung got up from his chair and walked into the break room.Jimin thought of Jungkook, like Taehyung had commanded him to. He thought about him, the way he looked. He could picture Jungkook in his mind. His brown hair styled beautifully, a little bit of his forehead showing. His eyes hard, like they always were when there was an issue at work. His mouth set in a frown and his forehead filled with tiny wrinkles. He pictured him with his tiny pout and his arms crossed. Now that Jimin could picture it, he could see that Jungkook looked like an upset child when he was frustrated. And it was kind of… adorable? Jimin could see Jungkook in his normal white button-up, the sleeves rolled up to show his forearms. His black slacks somehow still tight, and not loose. He always dressed really nicely at work. Jimin paused as he sat up straight. Holy shit. He thought Jungkook was really hot. How had he never gotten to that conclusion before? How had he never realized how gorgeous Jungkook was?Jimin’s eyes flashed over to Jungkook’s office, worried he’d know how he was thinking of him. If Jungkook found out that Jimin had a crush on him, he’d probably die. Like, legit keel over and die. Because of embarrassment. It’d be a sad and tragic death. And Jungkook would probably laugh at Jimin’s funeral. Which wouldn’t be very fun. Jimin stopped thinking of his Jungkook-being-attractive-related death and instead concentrated on how much of a jerk Jungkook was, and how Taehyung was definitely one hundred percent incorrect.He remembered all the events that led up to the moment he was at right now. Like, the first day, when Jungkook had given him twice the amount of work as everyone else. And then a week later when Jungkook had “accidentally” tripped Jimin with his foot. And then a few days later when Jungkook had made Jimin come to work on Saturday because Namjoon hadn’t finished his work. When Jungkook had forced Jimin to sit in his office for three hours while he worked, just to staple and sort through all his loose papers. When he had forced Jimin to drive him to the next town over in order to meet with a client. The times he had made fun of Jimin straight to his face. The times he bashed Jimin and his work even though he’d worked hard. And all the horrible things that Jungkook had made Jimin go through.But then his mind also flashed to the nice things that Jungkook had done. The ones Jimin brushed off because he was so sure that Jungkook hated him. He thought about the time that he’d forgotten his lunch at home so Jungkook had given him his. The time when Jimin’s car had broken down in the parking lot and Jungkook gave him a ride home. The times when Jungkook had helped Jimin with the work he had trouble with. When he got Jimin a birthday present, even though Jimin hadn’t told him it was his birthday. When he had gotten Jimin the opportunity to work with him on a major project, even if it was a lot of work. The times when he had stayed after work with Jimin, to make sure he got home safe. The times when Jimin would be dead tired and Jungkook would let him sleep in the break room for a little bit. When he allowed Jimin to bring his nephew to work for the week he had to watch him. All the times that he had made sure Jimin was healthy and not sick. The time when he had visited Jimin in the hospital, when he’d had the sprained ankle. And all the other little things that Jimin had ignored in his haste to hate the younger man. All the things that he didn’t realize were so nice of Jungkook. Things that definitely showed that Jungkook didn’t hate him as much as he once thought.Jimin took a deep breath as the revelation washed over him. Holy shit, Jungkook didn’t hate him. Sure, he probably wasn’t Jungkook’s favorite person, but he definitely wasn’t hated by Jungkook. He’d dare to say Jungkook even liked him a little bit, as a co-worker maybe even a friend. Which was an amazing revelation. But then Jimin surprised himself with his next revelation.He kind of liked Jungkook. He didn’t know how the fuck that had happened, but he had the slightest, tiniest, most minimalist of crushes on his boss. And holy shit he had a crush on Jungkook. Like, even his small ass crush was still a crush. What was he? Ten years old? Why was he having a crush on someone who was bullying him for so long (even if he was super nice as well). Like, what was he doing?Jimin decided that his crush was not a big deal and he was not going to address it in any way, shape, or form with himself nor anyone else. His crush was going to be locked away in a safe. With a code nobody knew. And a key for good measure. A key that would then be tied to a bolder and thrown into the deepest lake on earth. He was not going to even think about this new revelation. Fuck that.“So, you come to a conclusion?” Taehyung asked as he appeared behind Jimin. Jimin jumped in his seat when Taehyung approached him with no warning.He leaned over on his desk and rolled his chair backwards to turn towards Jungkook. He rested one hand on his hip, the other landed on his table and he supported his head with it. He laughed awkwardly. “Come to what conclusion? That I’m super awesome. Yep, concluded that. Thanks.” God Jimin hated himself.“Um. No. I meant did you realize that you have a crush on Jeon or?” Taehyung sat in his chair and picked at his cuticles. He slung one leg over his other and oozed nonchalance.“Crush? What crush? What’s a crush? Who are you?” Jimin accused Taehyung as he rolled back and got into a defensive position. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. You’re ridiculous. I hate you.”“Jimin… don’t try to hide it.” Taehyung grinned at him.“I don’t know what you’re talking about, you’re crazy.” Jimin denied him once again.Taehyung rolled his eyes, “I already know that you have a crush on Jungkook. Or you at least think he’s attractive. It’s pretty obvious by how often you stare at him. I mean, even I know that Jungkook is attractive and I would never date him, especially since I’m dating Yoongi.” Taehyung put his hand on his face, in the ‘thinking’ expression.“You’re dating Yoongi?” Jimin was shocked by that, “since when were you and Yoongi friends let alone dating? Why was I not informed about this?”Taehyung sighed and waved his hand around in the air. “That’s useless details. Don’t try to change the subject.”“I am not trying to change the subject, I’m wondering when you were going to tell me that you have a crush on Yoongi. That’s something you’d tell your friend, if you had a crush on someone and started dating them.” Jimin said as he glared at Taehyung. Taehyung just looked at Jimin with a pointed stare. Oh. Jimin was being a hypocrite. “Oh. I guess I have to tell you that I like Jungkook then. Just a little bit, though. Like, he’s kinda cute occasionally. I don’t know why or how I ended up liking him though, that’s really weird. Since like a week ago I hated his guts, or whatever. Wait I never hated his guts, huh? I’ve probably liked him for a while, but I didn’t realize until now.” Jimin ranted.Taehyung sat there silently until Jimin finished and then he spoke up, “honey, you’ve like Jungkook since the minute you saw him. Legit two minutes after meeting Jungkook, you told me he was “fine as hell” and then an hour later you hated him. You always talk about Jungkook and how ‘horrible’ he is. But I mean, Jaeyoon is an asshole as well, and you never talk about him that much. And I mean, it’s just really obvious how you felt about him.”“Was it obvious enough that he may have noticed?” Jimin was panicked now. If Jungkook knew about his crush, that would be really awkward. That’s probably why Jungkook was an asshole to him at times, he wanted to make Jimin dislike him. God, Jimin was so stupid.“Trust me, Jungkook wouldn’t notice your crush if you legit went up to him and told him ‘hey I really like you, let’s date.’ He’d probably just laugh awkwardly and then convince himself you were lying to him because of a dare.” Taehyung muttered as he looked back at Jungkook’s office.“Well, it doesn’t matter anyways. He obviously doesn’t like me back. And like, I don’t plan on telling him, If I’m completely honest.” Jimin replied. He was never going to tell Jungkook of his feelings. Like, ever. No thanks. He had a will to stay alive.“I can’t wait for you to get your head out of your ass.” Taehyung scoffed.“That is really rude.” Jimin frowned at him. 
  Jimin had managed to keep his feelings in check at work over the past few weeks. He didn’t even act like he knew who a Jungkook was. Taehyung told him he was causing more damage, but Jimin was pretty sure that he was fine. It’s not like Jungkook cared if Jimin avoided him. He didn’t even like Jimin like that. Jimin didn’t want to get hurt, it was a valid reason.Jimin huffed out a breath as he stared at his computer screen. He was not liking this whole ‘crush on Jungkook’ thing that was going on. In fact, he kind of hated it. It was horrible. Because now that he knew he had a crush on Jungkook, he was noticing more things about him that made him have an even bigger crush on the younger boy. Like how he noticed that Jungkook was really cute. He often spent time in his office, but when he came out of the office and talked to his workers, he was adorable. He had the cutest smile, and his nose scrunched up, he giggled and clapped his hands like a little kid at funny things. It was too cute for words, in all honesty.Jimin decluttered his thoughts and tried to only concentrate on his work, not Jungkook and how beautiful his eyes were or anything like that. (It was pretty hard to not think of how beautiful Jungkook’s eyes were. Jimin had noticed how much they shined when he was excited or happy and he noticed how his eye smile was apparent when he was particularly joyful. And it made Jimin’s heart flutter.) Jimin typed at his computer, focusing on the document that needed to be done.After a few minutes of hard work, Jimin relaxed into his seat and went to reach for his coffee cup, only to remember he’d thrown it away a while ago because it was empty. He groaned at the thought of having to drink the break room coffee. It wasn’t horrible, but it also wasn’t super good either. Right as Jimin was about to get up, a cup was deposited right in front of him. He looked at the hand that was holding the cup. His eyes trailed up the arm and shoulder before it landed on the face of the person. Jimin’s eyes widened. It was Jungkook. What was he doing?“Here you go.” Jungkook let go of the coffee cup. “I got this for you.” Jimin turned his gaze back to the cup and then back to Jungkook. Jungkook was stood next to his chair, awkwardly. He had his hands clasped in front of him and he was biting his lip. It was kind of ridiculously cute.“Um. Thank you.” Jimin smiled, a small blush flushed his cheeks. He reached for the cup of coffee and took a small sip. “Oh, you got my order right!” He grinned up at Jungkook, not remembering he was supposed to act detached with him.“Yeah, I remember you mentioned it once to me. So I just kind of remembered.” Jungkook smiled his cute smile and looked down at his feet.“Thank you.” Jimin said as he took another sip.“Of course, it’s not a huge deal, you know?” Jungkook said. “Anyways, I actually wanted to talk to you about something.” Jungkook nodded his head towards his office, “want to join me in my office?”“Oh, yeah, of course.” Jimin panicked a little, he wasn’t sure what to expect. As he got up and followed Jungkook to his office, he heard someone behind him let out a small ‘get it’. He turned around and glared at whoever it was. He didn’t know why they were making jokes when it was obvious Jimin was getting fired.“If you’d like to just sit down, there.” Jungkook said lightly as he sat down in his own chair. He motioned to one of the chairs in front of his desk. Jimin took the seat and looked at Jungkook with earnest eyes. He had no idea what Jungkook had called him in for, but he was both excited and scared at the prospects.“So, what did you want to talk about?” Jimin asked, fidgeting in his seat. He looked at Jungkook, who looked nervous.“I was talking to the other boys, and we decided to give you the promotion.” Jungkook smiled at Jimin. Jimin was shocked. He didn’t even really want the promotion. After everything that had happened over the course of the past few weeks, he was less into the idea of switching to a whole company. Even though he knew that Jungkook didn’t like him back, it’d be sad to not see him anymore. And he’d ridiculously miss the rest of the boys.“I- I’m thankful. But I don’t know why you’d choose me?” Jimin asked, he wanted to at least know why before he possibly turned the offer down.“You’re our best worker. You do everything that’s asked of you and more. You always push yourself to do your best, and though it damages you, you continue to do it. Your work is also always really great quality. You never do things half-ass and you always make sure that everything you put out is amazing. You stay late and do more work than what’s needed. You’re literally the perfect worker. You always think of the content first. And it’s super admirable. You’re passionate about what you do. And we all agreed that you deserve it the most out of us.” Jungkook grinned, though Jimin could see a hurt expression on his face as well.“Thank you. That means a lot coming from you. And I really appreciate this opportunity, but is there another reason?” Jimin pressed for answers. He could tell that there was something more to what Jungkook was saying. Did Jungkook finally find out that Jimin had a crush on him and was he disgusted? Did he want Jimin gone because he didn’t like him having a crush on him? Was he really going to force Jimin out of the company like that?“If I’m being completely honest there is.” Jungkook sighed. “I’ll only tell you if you’re sure you’re okay with it.”“Just tell me, please.” Jimin agreed. He was prepared for anything, even if it was Jugnkook saying he hated him and would never like him back. It’d hurt, like hell, but he’d be prepared for it. He’d be ready to feel like his heart had been ripped out of his chest.“Right, so. This is probably going to be exceptionally awkward for you, but um…” Jungkook trailed off to take a deep breath. Jimin knew it. Jungkook had found out and he didn’t like Jimin back like that. “I kind of have a massive fucking crush on you. Like, I’m in love with you. I have been since practically the first day that we met. And I know that I acted like I hated you, but it’s because I didn’t know how to express myself. I thought it’d be awkward to have a crush on a worker, and that you’d be disgusted. And so the first solution to come to mind was I had to act like an asshole because I’m emotionally constipated and don’t know how to properly act around people. And I know that you probably hate me and don’t like me in the slightest. And that’s why I’ve decided to give you the promotion, just in case you truly do dislike me and don’t want to be around me anymore, you can go to the main company instead. I wouldn’t blame you at all. And this is turning into word-vomit, but I can’t stop myself. I’m so sorry. I know that you hate me.” Jungkook said in practically one breath. His chest was moving up and down rapidly by the time he’d finished his speech.Jimin sat there, shocked out of his mind. Jungkook… liked him… back? What the fuck. This was the weirdest thing to ever happen to Jimin. Legit, the weirdest thing in his life. “I’m sorry Jungkook.” Jimin started off. Jungkook’s head fell and Jimin could practically see the defeat on his face. He looked crushed. “But I’m going to have to deny the promotion.”That caused Jungkook’s head to raise incredibly fast. “Why?” Jungkook demanded.“Because why would I want to be separated from the boy I like back?” Jimin said with fake-confidence. He was really nervous as hell, but he tried to act sly.“Wait, are you serious?” The grin that Jungkook had was ridiculously huge. And Jimin couldn’t help but grin back just as wide.“Of course I’m serious.” Jimin laughed a little bit. “I didn’t really realize my crush on you until about three weeks ago, but I have liked you for a while. It just took me a while to accept and realize it. That’s actually why I avoided you the past few days, I thought you might find out my crush and hate me. So I thought it was simpler to just not be around you.” Jimin confessed as he rubbed his head and looked down.“So… you really like me back? Like this isn’t a joke?” Jungkook asked, to double-check, Jimin guessed.“Yes, I really like you.” Jimin grinned.“Holy shit.” Jungkook laughed, hysterically almost. He dropped his head in his hands and continued to laugh. “I’m so happy. Holy shit.” He whispered as he lifted his head out of his hands and looked at Jimin. His smile had somehow grown twice the size. And Jimin had no idea how, but he could feel his smile doing the same thing. He grinned as he saw Jungook’s supremely happy expression.”“I’m really happy, too.”“Can we, like leave early and go out on a date? Would you like that? Do you want to date me? I didn’t even ask that. Oh god. You do want to date me, right?” Jungkook looked panicked now. Jimin couldn’t help but giggle. God, he was so cute. How had he missed this cute side of Jungkook for so long?“Yes, I want to go on a date with you.” Jimin said, a huge smile still adorned his face. “Now can I maybe… kiss you or?” He asked, with a raised eyebrow.“Please.” Jungkook whispered as he got out of his chair and walked around his desk to Jimin. He leaned down, and captured Jimin’s lips before Jimin could even blink. Wow. He was really good at kissing. Jungkook slid a hand into Jimin’s hair and Jimin wrapped his hand around Jungkook’s bicep. They kissed lightly, but it still felt incredibly intense. Jimin couldn’t help but feel light headed even though it was a sweet, small kiss. The way Jungkook’s lips felt pressed against his, the way they moved together. It caused Jimin to get light headed. Fuck. Jungkook slid his tongue across Jimin’s bottom lip and bit it lightly. Jimin gasped as his head rushed. Jungkook slid his tongue into Jimin’s mouth, and Jimin couldn’t help the hum that left his body. He started to kiss back, just as intensely as Jungkook was.“Hey, did you tell Jimin you like him yet?” Seokjin asked as he opened Jungkook’s office door. “Oh shit!” He slammed the door closed as Jungkook and Jimin tore apart from one another. “I take you two making out as a yes!” Jin shouted through the door.Jungkook and Jimin huffed out little laughs, even though they were breathless. “Yeah, I definitely want to date you.” Jimin grinned. “Wait, I actually have a question.” Jimin uttered before Jungkook could lean back in.Jungkook frowned and Jimin wanted to kiss it away. “What is it?”“Why are you guys always in your office in the mornings? What am I missing? What do you guys do before work? Because if it’s some mafia shit or something, I think I should know about it.” Jimin said as he remembered the many times he’d caught the other boys in or leaving Jungkook’s office early in the morning.“Um. That’s actually a funny story.” Jungkook laughed awkwardly. He rubbed the back of his head and spoke up, “it’s actually because we were having meetings on how I could confess to you. How I could get you to like me, and such.” Jungkook blushed deeply.“You were… having meetings on how to win my heart… and yet you still acted like an ass?” Jimin asked, one eyebrow raised.Jungkook squeezed out a small “yes.”Jimin laughed, “god, you’re hopeless. You’re adorable, but you’re hopeless.” He ended before he reached up to kiss Jungkook again.“Hopelessly falling for you.” Jungkook whispered right before their lips crashed together again. 
  Jungkook’s pov:Jungkook looked at the employee that greeted him next. And his eyes widened. Wow. ‘I’m gay’. He thought to himself as he looked the boy up and down. ‘really gay’. He concluded with a sigh. That boy was gorgeous. He had to tell him how beautiful he was, the boy had to know just how gorgeous he was. “You’re ties crooked, come into work looking proper next time.” Jungkook said instead. Jungkook wanted to slam his head against the wall at the offended look he received from the boy.Fuck. Jungkook had fucked up.



Afterword


End Notes
um, anyways, that was bad. i'm sorry. give me kudos i need validation. go follow my Tumblr @jikoooktrash for more shitty stuff lol


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



