



Make It Hot - daydreamserendipity - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Make It Hot
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/21290048.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Park Jimin (BTS), Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Canon Compliant, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, Top Jeon Jungkook, Bottom Park Jimin, Oral Sex, Rimming, Fingering, Butt Slapping, Dry Orgasm, Anal Sex, they are just drunk and silly and horny
Stats:

        Published: 2019-11-03
        Words: 10884
      

Make It Hot
by daydreamserendipity
Summary
Jungkook and Jimin are drunk and Jungkook has the brilliant idea to bring up an unspeakable memory.
Notes
I wrote this purely out of fun, I hope some of you can also have fun reading it.

          See the end of the work for more notes




Make It Hot

Drinking with Jimin-Hyung was the best, Jungkook thought, and by the look Jimin threw at him, he probably said it out loud too.

It was a breezy friday night after a concert, and they were drinking in Jungkook's hotel room. The mood was light and relaxing, with soft house music playing through the speaker, filling the room with a sweet calming melodic beat; the lightning was low, coming from a tall lamp in the corner, another lamp next to the bed, and the city lights that shone into the room through the glass wall.

Surprisingly enough, it had been Jungkook's idea to have a drink that evening. He was needing something to take the edge off his mind and his tired body. At first he was satisfied with drinking alone in his bedroom --like he had done it many times, but the moment he laid eyes on Jimin after the concert, changing to his regular clothes to go back to the hotel, the invitation poured out of his mouth without him having any control over it. The instant he said it, he realized it that it felt good, it felt right.

As soon as they arrived at the hotel, they quickly settled all things with their managers, staff and other members, and headed to Jungkook's bedroom. Two bottles of champagne later and they were wasted, in full content with their drunkness, and a whole loud mess on the floor. Jungkook was shirtless, wearing only black shorts and light-pink Cocky socks (that he put on to show Jimin how cute they were), and Jimin was wearing just his underwear and the hotel robe.

"Well, thank god I taught you how to drink then." Jimin raised his full glass of champagne and finished it in one go.

Jungkook had a big smile on his face, delighted in the memories of Jimin teaching him how to drink.

"You did, hyung! What would be of me without you?"

Jimin stared at Jungkook in comical pure outrage, as if the answer was right in front of them but Jungkook wasn't looking at it on purpose.

"Oh, I'll tell you Jungkook, you would be a lost otaku boy trapped inside this huge muscular body, that's what you would be without me." Jimin stated, gathering all the seriousness he had inside him --which, really, was barely anything at all.

A smile fought to break in Jimin's features, but he resisted, trying to keep the unnecessary serious facade a little more. It was stupidily unnecessary, and yet Jungkook was throughout amused, loving to see Jimin so committed in being silly, "Ok, and what am I now, since I found you?"

"Now," Jimin started, dramatically pouring champagne in his glass, "You are just a otaku boy trapped inside a huge muscular body."

"Oh my god!" Jungkook howled, throwing his head back laughing.

"Come on, am I wrong?" Jimin asked, cocking his head to the side, a smug expression on his face.

The only thing Jungkook was able to do was shake his head side to side while laughing, so done with Jimin's antics. As if the laughter was too much to be contained in his body, Jungkook sprawled himself even more where he was sitting on the floor with his back pressed to a couch, his arms open and resting on the couch seat cushions, his impossible long and strong legs somewhat between crossed and streched out.

Jimin was across from Jungkook, pratically laying on the floor, leaning his right elbow on a coffee table they had pushed back to make more room, one leg stretched out almost touching Jungkook's knee, the other bended with his foot flat on the floor.

"Hyung, thank you for putting up with me." The younger one said sweetly, his features soothed with affection and a little bit of shyness. It was a real feeling, and not just drunk praising. Both of them knew.

Jimin sighed, overwhelmed, the alcohol making it 100% easier for him to drown head first in the fondness that warmed his heart, and expressing it freely, "I always forget how extra soft and honest you get when drinking."

Jungkook mumbled a I'm not soft, hyung! under his breath, being the softest human being in the entire planet.

"Oh but you are Jungkookie!" Jimin reached to  ruffle Jungkook's hair, with a smile so bright it could melt an iceberg. Jungkook uncounsciously leaned to the touch and closed his eyes. "Now go on, be a good boy and get another bottle for us."

"Hyung!" Jungkook whined, he knew Jimin was only doing it to pester him, but Jungkook was so goddamn  tired of being treated like a baby; he liked to be pampered, yes, but did not like to be taken as a baby.

"More alcohol for your hyung, Jungkookie." Jimin teased, singing Jungkook's name.

In the same proportion --or maybe even more -- that Jimin loved to take care of Jungkook, he also loved teasing him. Jimin loved teasing Jungkook so much to the point where he had to actually restrain himself from doing it, almost needed a goddamn rehab time to stop the urge to tease Jungkook. Lately he had been making incredible progress shutting that wicked voice down, focusing more in the taking care part instead of the teasing; but sometimes, like in that moment, all drunk and comfortable, Jimin was tired of restraining himself.

"Where is it?" Jungkook asked exasperated.

Instead of saying, Jimin raised his chin, vaguely pointing somewhere behind Jungkook, a sly smile drawing on his lips. Jungkook huffed, already on his feet to get the bottle.

"Jungkook you are just too good to tease, do you realize that?" the alcohol was already settling in Jimin's body, so everything that came to his mind automatically was spilled from his lips. He couldn't care less.
        
Jungkook sat again on his spot, bottle already open in hand, and stopped for a dramatic moment, throwing Jimin the ugliest most audacious conceited bratty look he could pull off, and said, shaking his head lightly, "I have no idea what you're talking about.", his black long-ish hair all messy jiggling around his face.

Now thank god Jimin was already on the floor, or else he would have find himself there the next second, because he threw himself off laughing.

"THAT I didn't teach you!"

"That what?" Jungkook asked nonchalantly, still full on dumb insolent bitch mode, forgetting all about glasses and drinking straight up from the bottle, passing it to Jimin after.

Jimin mindlessly picked the bottle and took a long sip, his gaze locked with Junkook's the entire time. Jungkook's expression was unrevealing, but mischief was swimming behind his eyes.
 
"Being a brat."
 
"Yeah..." He sighed, pretending to reflect on his behaviour, "I probably got that from Taehyung." a cunning smile cut Jungkook's lips, one that is rarely seen on his features, and a wildfire stirred up in the pit of Jimin's stomach.
 
Long time ago, Jimin discovered that Jungkook had a switch inside him, a switch that even Jungkook himself was probably cluelessly of. This switch was hidden behind thick layers of his personality, behind all the walls of shyness, insecurity, politeness, naivety, weirdness, the desire to please others... behind all that, was the switch that laid all those barries to the ground, and released the most precious gemstone: Jungkook himself, in his essence, wild, spontaneous and unapolagetic. The switch almost never showed up, because it required for Jungkook to be absolutely comfortable and free of worries. Since the opportunitty appeared, Jimin decided to push it.

Jimin sat up, leaning warily towards Jungkook, holding the bottle near his face as a suspicious token, like the bottle was whispering confidential matters to him.
 
"I cannot believe you are badmouthing one of your hyungs, Jungkook." Jimin whispered very low, dramatically raising his eyebrows.
 
Jungkook leaned too and met Jimin halfway, their foreheads almost touching.
"That I learned from you, Jiminie." The younger one said as a prohibited confession.
 
"You motherfucker!" Jimin shouted without missing a bit, bursting into laughter and pushing Jungkook off, he himself falling backwards with the motion.

"Cursing I learned with you too."

"Ah, wait a minute there boy, now you are just slandering me, we all know you learned cursing from Yoongi and Hoseok hyung." Jimin defended what was left of his honor.

"Ok, yeah, you are right with that." Jungkook gave in.
 
Jimin bathed himself in those words. You are right. Greatest aphrodisiac.
 
"BUT--" Jungkook started, rolling around on the floor until he was laying on his side, leaning on his left elbow, facing Jimin with the most suspicious stare.
 
"Oh my god, here it comes." Jimin took another sip from the bottle, bracing himself for whatever was coming, because the look on Jungkook's face was of the devil himself. He was about to go off on some mischevious territory, and Jimin was all in for it.

"You were the one who taught me how to jerk off."
 
For a few long good seconds, Jungkook's words floated in the air carrying all sorts of weights, antecipation filling the room like expensive incense.
 
He really said it. Jungkook couldn't believe himself. But the look on Jimin's face was worth everything it took him to say it. The excruciating embarassment, the possibility of akwardness, the open vulnerability; all of it, worth it, to see how Jimin's features froze in pure disbelief, and slowly turned into barely-contained excitment.

Jimin went through the whole range of human emotions in 1.5 seconds. First, the denial, he was so shocked his mind blanked out, Jungkook couldnt possibly have said that, period. Creeping right after, the bargaining, no way he heard that correctly, the alcohol might have made him insane, because why the fuck would Jungkook randomly bring that up now; and lastly, the accepetance, ok, fine, if Jungkook wanted to talk about the unspoken night they jerked each other off, then thats what they were going to do. To be honest, Jimin himself didnt have a problem with it, he mostly was uncomfortable in behalf of Jungkook, who, at the time, seemed very dedicated in bury all evidences of it, never giving the slightest breach to talk about it.

Until now.
 
Jimin raised one of his eyebrows as he quickly collected himself, biting the inside of his mouth, making his lips pout.

"I'm surprised you remember that Jungkook, since you never talked about it in the last six or more years, I tought you had forgotten." Jimin's tone was cynical, yet endearing, and implied the direct opposite of his words; his voice coated with all things that make it worth it going to hell for. His eyes darkened, and pierced Jungkook's figure like cold blades.
 
The sudden change in Jimin's tone sent goosebumps through Jungkook's body. He --somewhat-- consciously stepped into this minefield out of his own will, and there was no turning back. He didn't actually have a plan as to what to do with the information after that it was laid out in front of them. He felt a little dumb, maybe he had played himself a little bit? Well, good thing he had an effective amount of alcohol in his blood to sooth his worries.
 
"I never forgot about that, hyung." He stated simply, dead serious.
 
Jimin licked his lips, mind going a million. That conversation had turned into a game. A wicked unpredictable game. And Jimin loved games. "Why didn't you forget?"

The question caught Jungkook off guard. He was expecting to be asked why he never wanted to talk about it, or why he decided to talk about it now; but never why he didn't forget.

The look on Jimin's face dared Jungkook to surrender. And so he did, because the moment he brought that up he had lost, so he chose to answer the only way he could, with pure blant honesty.
 
"I didn't forget because it felt fucking amazing."

"Fucking amazing, huh." Jimin repetead, savoring the words, like swirling wine on a glass before sipping it, "Jungkoook, can you be a good boy and refresh my memory of what happened?"

"Oh, so you don't remember?" Jungkook scoffed, leveling up with Jimin in his cynical tone, and Jimin's blood rushed under his skin, making him hot all over it.

"Maybe what I remember is not the same as what you do."

"Hyung, you were right there with me! How could it be different?" Jungkook broke into his usual innocent self. All the mischievousness was coming from a hidden place inside him, and was alternating with his soft sweet side. This untamed duality, oblivious to Jungkook himself, was opening the gates of hell inside Jimin.

Jimin drank from the bottle and slidded it to Jungkook. "Drink. And start talking."

The younger one did as he was commanded to, the liquid spilling from his mouth down his chin and neck. He felt refreshed, entering a brand new level of drunkness.

"Ok, so we were in the practice room, it was late at night and everybody had already left, but we stayed there practicing some choreographies we had seen online-- Hyung do you seriously not remember? Or are you messing with me?"

"I don't know Jungkook, maybe? we always stayed until later after practice." Jimin shamelessly stated, clearly obvious in his face that he knew exactly what specfic night Jungkook was talking about.

Jungkook squinted his eyes, trying to process Jimin's everything, but his vision was blurry and his brain felt funny, he was feeling so lost and yet so light; this dialogue was a fucking maze, and he was happy just being able to walk through it, not really worried about getting out of it.
 
"Go on..." Jimin encouraged, all side smile and dark hooded eyes, voice dripping honey, luring Jungkook to do whatever he wanted.

"God we danced so much that our legs gave up and we laid on the floor, exhausted, and started talking."

Jimin moved from where he was, turning around, leaning his back on the couch, so Jungkook's stretched legs were beside him.

"I don't remember exactly how but we started talking about how good it would be to go on dates and to do stuff, you know, stuff," Jungkook laughed a little bit, totally immersed in the memories "and the things we had already done --which was basically you, hyung, because I haven't done shit at that time --, and things we would like to do..."

While listening to Jungkook, Jimin almost unconcisouly started caressing Jungkook's ankles and calves, his hand gentle and soft.

"And then-" Jungkook reached the critical point of the memory, and suddenly he couldnt articulate his words anymore. "Ah hyung come on!" Jungkook whined, laying on his back and throwing one arm over his face. His cheeks were burning and his smile was a very embarassed one.

"Say it, Jungkook!" Jimin gave small slaps on Jungkook's ankles and calves, inciting him to keep going.

Jungkook inspired deeply, as if he was about to submerge underwater, and sat up abruptely, this time looking straight into Jimin's eyes, and continued, his voice with the confidence of a person that had ran out of fucks to give, "And then, we got super turned on and things escalated pretty fast and pretty wild. First we jacked off side by side talking about how we did it, but quickly our hands were on each others dicks and you showed me some amazing tricks. We were so fucking pent up we couldn't stop. When we stopped, after coming like three times or something, we were covered in cum and sweat, absolutely drained, we couldn't even shower when we arrived at the dorm, I probably slept with your cum all over me that night, and you with mine." Jungkook was somewhat pissed off, telling the story almost out of spite. "Was that enough to make you remember, Jimin-ssi?"

Fuck. Jimin swallowed loudly, his mouth dry and heart beating fast. Time slowed down and the air turned hot around them, their eyes locked in a trance, lust coming out of every pore. The memory of that night vivid as daylight in their minds.

"Was that what you wanted to hear?" Jungkook confronted, grabbing one of Jimin's wrists.

Essentially, it was just a story about two teenagers jacking off together, nothing really crazy; so maybe it was the alcohol, or the exhaustion of the tour, or being far away from home and lacking human touch, or the taboo the subject had for them, or the vision of their half-naked bodies --whatever it was, it triggered them so hard, and so good, they could barely think.

"No." Jimin's voice was like sand, spilling between their fingers, falling into Jungkook's ears. "Show me, Jungkook."

Jungkook didn't even blink, already grabbing Jimin by the back of his knees and yanking him almost onto his lap, their chests rising fast with their harsh breathing, and so close they could feel each others heat. Jungkook's hands slidded from Jimin's knees to the inner side of his thighs, slowly feeling the smoothness of the skin and the tenderness of the muscles, to finally circle Jimin's hips, and going up, grabbing his waist, chest and resting in the back of his neck. Jimin's skin was red and Jungkook's hands were burning; they were fire on fire.

"I don't remember any of this, Jungkook." Jimin whisppered low in Jungkook's ear. The hot breath on his neck sending sparks of pleasure up and down his body.

"Hyung, you need a memory check." Jungkook said and grabbed Jimin's dick over his underwear, giving it a painful hard squeeze.

Both of them moaned deeply. Jimin seeing stars behind his eyes, he let his forehead rest on the curve of Jungkook's neck and shoulder. He opened his mouth to say something, but Jungkook gave it another squeeze, taking the air out of his lungs.

"You- You will be my memory check." Jimin managed to articulate between gulps of air, quickly pulling the waistband of Jungkook's shorts, and what a pleasant surprise was to find Jungkook wasn't wearing any underwear. "You used to wear underwear back then, Jungkookie."

"Didn't feel like putting on today." He replyed devilish, tugging Jimin's dick through the fabric of the underwear with one hand, the other hand still firmly on the back of Jimin's neck, the fingers caressing the short hair on his nape.

"Good boy, Jungkookie."

Jimin grabbed Jungkook's already half-hard dick, and the younger boy hissed, instinctively ondulating his hips, wanting more of the touch. Jungkook's dick was bigger than what Jimin remembered, and bigger than most dicks Jimin had seen in his life. The vision of that big pulsing cock in his hand, all slick and hardening more and more with each tug, was throwing Jimin's sanity out of the window. He squeezed the head, smearing the precum all over it with his thumb.

"Jimin --FUCK!" Jungkook moaned, his voice tight and breathless, a delirious urge taking over his senses, making him tremble. Reason and rationality meant nothing anymore,  he was acting only on instinct.

Out of his mind, Jungkook ripped Jimin's underwear and reached out and under, cupping his ass and promptly making Jimin straddle his lap. He pushed their dicks together, grinding hard, squeezing Jimin's ass checks with an iron grip. They moaned loudly, as the pleasure numbed their senses. Jimin wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck, adding more pressure as he surged his hips into Jungkook's.  

Jungkook looked up and Jimin's face was so close, literally a breath away. His cheeks were flushed red, his hair messy and glued to his sweaty forehead, but the only thing Jungkook could see was his lips, all swollen and tinted crimson, shining with spit, looking as tempting as the forbbiden fruit that released the sin to the world. Jungkook was a sinner, and he bit Jimin's bottom lip like a starving man, sucking deliciously on it, his own personal sin.

Jimin moaned and closed the distance, opening his mouth and deepening the kiss. It was messy, urgent, and so so good. Their tongues hot sliding against each other and deep into their mouths, lips trembling sucking and nibbling, teeth biting and crashing. It was their first kiss together, and it couldn't be better. Jimin laughed insanely in the middle of the kiss, realising that.

"How come we didn't kiss back then." He wondered between kisses and bites, his breathing erratic.

Jungkook let go of Jimin's lips and went for his neck, licking it from his collarbones all the way to his ear, sucking on his earlobe, "I don't know but thank god hyung, because I don't think I knew how to kiss back then."  

Both of them laughed desperately, shivering with the vibration of their chests glued together and their dicks sliding together.

"Should we try more things that we learned how to do along the way?"   

Jungkook felt a rush of adrenaline hit him like a fucking truck. He wanted to answer Jimin coherentely, but his brain drowned in sudden possiblities and temptations, so words were impossible. He had to wear off some of that excitement or else he would die because of how horny he was. Without showing any sign of difficulty, Jungkook stood up easily, holding Jimin on his lap,  grinding Jimin's dick against his as he walked across the room. He pratically threw Jimin against the glass wall and surged into him, attacking Jimin's neck mercylessly, drawing desperate cries out of him.

The strength and the sight of Jungkook's body was a whole experience itself, and it was adding to Jimin's endless thrist exponentially. His strong legs slightly open to give them a better support, his muscled arms holding Jimin like his weight was a joke, and that fucking torso, broad chest and big shoulders, abs carved by the gods themselves, clenched with the waves of pleasure that was washing over him.

"Jungkook, look at me." Jimin asked, voice coming deep and from a distant place.
Jungkook stopped all movements, and slowly turned his gaze towards Jimin. His eyes were big and glassy, dark with desire, his jawline clenched, giving a manlier look to his features, his black hair pushed back and dripping sweat. He never looked more dangerous. Jimin's dick twitched seeing Jungkook so fucked out. He cupped Jungkook's face and locked their eyes. "Can I suck your dick, Jungkook." Jimin asked, but his tone was not of a question.

In one swift movement, Jungkook turned around, his back to the glass wall, and Jimin dropped to his knees. He looked down and saw Jimin, like a saint, ethereal eyes behind hazy lashes, mouth ready to forgive him of all his sins.

Jimin's hands traveled from his calves to the back of his muscled thighs and his plumpy ass, around his hips, to slid his black shorts off, throwing them nonchantly to the other side of the room. He resumed his touching, not really pressing anywhere, hands like feathers wondering around, to finally rest loosely at the base of his dick, making Jungkook's skin crawl in agony and antecipation.
He started kissing the inner side of Jungkook's thighs, giving it small bites, taking his time, savoring Jungkook with his lips, his tongue, his hands; going up, lazyly kissing his balls with wet lips, then trailing the underside of his dick with the tip of his tongue, barely touching, his breathing tickiling Jungkook into insanity.

"Come on, Jimin," Jungkook begged. Jimin was touching him, but not really. "Stop teasing me." He almost cried, shutting his eyes and swallowing hard as Jimin licked painfully slowly his length. It took about five fucking years in Jungkook's head for Jimin to lick from the base to the tip of his cock.

Jimin smiled, delighted, but decided to stop the torture, and got down to business, promptly swallowing Jungkook's dick, going all the way like a pro. Jungkook was big and thick, filling his mouth and hitting the back of his throat only half-way, but Jimin pushed it, and didn't stopped until his nose hit the damp skin of Jungkook's groin, lips tight around the base of his cock.

"JESUS FUCK!" Jungkook screamed, electrified from head to toe. Feeling his dick all the way to Jimin's throat, so hot and tight. He grabbed Jimin's head with both hands, as he slightly curved himself, because it was too much for him to stand upright.

Jimin took that as the biggest compliment, and started pulling back, slowly, sucking the living soul out of Jungkook's body, his cheeks hollowing with the suction. When he got to the tip again, he licked around, tasting the precum and mixing it with his own spit, only enough to catch his breath, and he was swallowing Jungkook's cock again, this time, more eager, picking up the speed with each time he pulled back to go again, never failing to deepthroat every single time.

He faintlessly felt the scraping on his throat, which was probably not a good thing since they were in the middle of a fucking tour, but the tour didn't exist in that moment, there were only their bodies and their craving for one another.

"You taste so fucking good." Jimin said, in absolute adoration, and he meant it. Jungkook's cock was heavy on his tongue, filling his mouth and throat, the bitter taste of the precum like an aphrodysiac, so powerful it made Jimin momentarilly forget about his own release, being content only in giving pleasure to Jungkook, his own forgotten cock hard as a rock, with a sticky line of precum leaking all the way to the floor.  

"Jimin... Jimin... Jimi--" Jungkook was panting and using Jimin's name like a mantra to ground him to this plane of existence. "If you continue, I'm gonna come," his voice was frantic and desperate.  

Jimin went for it one last time, taking it as deep as he could, pressing his lips around it while going further and further until they touched the base, and stayed there for a few seconds before pulling back with a particularly hard suck and letting go with a loud wet pop. Jungkook's knees almost gave in and Jimin literally had to hold him as he stood up, wrapping his arms around Jungkook's torso, pressing their sweaty chests together.

"But don't you want to come, Jungkook?" Jimin mewled into Jungkook's ear.

"I do," Jungkook sounded desperate. He leaned on Jimin and pulled him closer by the ass, pressing one of his legs between Jimin's. "But first, I want more."

Jimin hissed, his eyes rolling to the back of his head with the satisfaction of having his dick sliding against Jungkook's thigh. He hooked his arms under Jungkook's arms and over his shoulders, clinging to the taller boy for dear life.

"Let's do more then."

Jungkook wasted no time grabbing Jimin's legs and wraping them around his waist, carrying him to the bed.

"What's up with all the carrying me around the room? Is this a kink of yours?" Jimin asked laughing while peppering sweet kisses all over Jungkook's jawline and neck.

"Hyung," Jungkook started, shaking his head and laughing maniacally, stopping by the side of the bed. "I don't know, but my gut feeling tells me that if I don't blow off some steam carrying you around, I'll fucking DIE!"

Jimin threw his head back laughing, not believing he was living a moment like that.

"Is that why you're always working out? to wash away the hornyness?" He snickered, looking at Jungkook through his lashes, his red lips pouting as he tried to contain a smile.

Jungkook clicked his tongue and tossed Jimin on the bed, climbing it right after, covering Jimin's figure completely.

"Yes," He whispered, dead serious, his face right above Jimin's, the tips of their noses touching. "I'm fucking horny all the time."  

They had a moment of deeply staring and pure desbelief before both of them bursted into laughter.

"What the fuck are you even saying at a time like this oh my god." Jimin laughed, his eyes turning into crescent moons, delighted in the heavy feeling that was Jungkook's weight on top of him.

Jungkook was giggling, his face dipped in Jimin's neck, caging Jimin's head between his forearms, "I don't know, I think you sucked all my brain cells through my dick, hyung."

The room was filled with the sound of their chuckling and breathless pants.

"You really changed Jungkook, wow, you're not a big otaku boy anymore," Jimin fondled Jungkook's soft hair, tangling their legs together, caressing the side of Jungkook's thigh with his calve, making both of them sigh dreamly with the delicious touch. "You're now a big horny clown huh."

Jungkook pinched Jimin's nipple in retaliation, smiling against Jimin's cheek, as he was granted a surprised whimper from the older boy. They were being silly, but they were still turned on and pent up, their skins sensitive and on fire, reacting to every single touch.

This felt different. It didn't feel at all like their previous experience; back then, they were tense and insecure, acting solely on desperation and impulse, a dark cloud of guilty hovering above every touch and every word, even the pleasure they got from it, it was all tinted with a creeping apprehension; their immaturity making them believe that what they did was wrong, and they would be punished for it.

But now, they felt at ease --and it had nothing to do with the alcohol running in their veins. It was intimate. And not just oh-we-are-naked intimacy, but real intimacy, the one where you can let the bright colors of your personality shine freely; when you have true freedom to be yourself, and the prerrogative to give and take pleasure as you wish. There were no set backs, no fear of saying the wrong thing, no pressure to create a mood --or being afraid of doing something that could ruin it.

They felt free to be stupid and horny together. And that's the real heaven on earth.

"Ahhh Jimin-ssi," Jungkook started, in an insolent tone, still riding the silly wave they were on, "I think it's too much of that youth stamina in me. Do you still recall how it was, in your old, old days of youth?"

Jimin looked up and Jungkook had the nerve to school the biggest vicious grin on his face. He licked his lips and wrapped his hand around Jimin's neck, using his thumb to push Jimin's chin to the side, so he had access to suck and bite wherever he wanted, not really caring if Jimin was going to answer him or not.

"Jun-- Jungkook-ssi," Even though he was ovewhelmed by all the sensations, Jimin wouldn't let Jungkook get away and take the control of the situtation just like that. He took a deep breath, shivering as Jungkook's grip on his neck grew tighter, and collected whatever was left of his self control, "This kind of disrespect with your beloved hyung, I can't tolerate that."

"Oh yeah? And what are y--" Before he could finish the sentence, Jimin reached out and squeezed both of their dicks together with a tight painful grip, stealing the air out of Jungkook's lungs.

"I think I'm gonna need to teach you a lesson." He stated, pumping their dicks up and down, ondulating his body against Jungkook's.

Jungkook hissed, raising his chest just a little as he leaned up on his elbows, but still surging his hip against Jimin's hand, unconciously following the rhythm he had imposed on their dicks. He swallowed thickly, not yet completely bent to Jimin's will, "Jimin-ssi," His voice was raspy, the daring smile still plastered on his face, "Please don't, you know I'm a bad student."

Jimin couldn't help but laugh at that stupid brat, a strained laughter, coated with the rising desire and impatiance, "Well, then how are you gonna wear off all that stamina Jungkookie, wanna do some push-ups before we continue?"

Their eyes were locked in an entrancing gaze, lust thick in the air all around it

"Oh, I have a good ideia of what I can do."

In a flash Jungkook freed himself from Jimin's grip and rose up to his knees. He grabbed Jimin by the shoulders and turned him around forcefully. With one hand he pressed the back of Jimin's neck, shoving his face onto the matress, and with the other hand he clutched the colar of Jimin's robe --that for some really dumb reason was still on-- and pulled it out in one big movement, throwing it away somewhere he didn't care. Jimin made a small attempt to move and Jungkook shut him down in the act; he manhandled Jimin some more, not giving him a chance to breath, roughly crossing the boy's arms behind his back and pulling his hips up.

"Holy fuck!" Jimin exclaimed, thrilled, voiced muffled against the blankets, completely out of air and loving it.

"Let me have it my way now hyung." Jungkook whispered behind him with a husky voice.

"What choice do I have? I can't let you die of hornyness!" Jimin teased, managing to turn his head and throw a wicked smile to Jungkook.

Jungkook's hand flew in the air like a missil on a mission and landed with a stinging sensation on Jimin's left buttcheek. The slap echoing in the room and shaking Jimin's entire body.

Oh fuck, Jimin mouthed and bit his bottom lip. Maybe he was the one who was going to die of hornyness. He hadnt been aware of it, but the moment he felt the slap, he realized it was exactly what he was needing in his life.

Another slap came right after, and another one. Jimin moaned, his body melting under Jungkook's touch.

Shifting with inexplicable fluid movements, Jungkook positioned himself behind Jimin, grabbing two handfuls of ass, squeezing the soft skin between his fingers, hipnothyzed by the rising red he was causing. Jimin was a drug and Jungkook was high on it. He started trailing small kisses and bites in the middle of Jimin's back and waist, going down to his lower back. Jungkook was entranced, tasting and exploring Jimin's body like a secret piece of paradise.
He hugged Jimin's hips, lowering them on the bed, and hooked his arms around his thighs, spreading them apart to make room for him. Jungkook laid on his stomach, getting all comfortable between Jimin's legs. He kissed the dimples right above Jimin's butt and rubbed his face all over it.

"Again, Jungkook." Jimin asked out of breath. He was drowned in pleasure, completely gone with the way Jungkook was touching him. The slap came the next second, along with a painful bite on the other buttcheek.

"Fuck!" Jimin cursed, fisting the sheets above his head, all the muscles in his body tensing with the pain and the pleasure, eyes squeezed shut, "Jin-hyung is totally gonna annoy me because of this bruise on my ass."

"He just mad 'cause you're getting some." The young boy snickered, biting the other buttcheek too, feeling proud in all the marks he was leaving on Jimin.

"Oh, so you're going to give me some?"

Jimin looked down and his gaze met Jungkook's. Their eyes were mirrors, they could see their own desperation reflected right on each other's faces. They were all dishalveled, red cheeks swollen lips sweaty hair sharp burning eyes; and it wasn't just physical, they were emanating a wild energy, they never looked like that, ever, not in front of other people and not even with themselves alone.

"You sure gonna get some." Jungkook hummed, pronunciating every word really slowly so they would hold the proper meaning he intended to.

The words were barely registered by Jimin's brain, and when he felt Jungkook's tongue, wet and hot, on his hole, it was like they never existed. He moaned loudly, pushing his ass into the touch, seeking more of it. Jungkook licked it with his tongue flat all the way up to the dimples on his lower back, enjoying every second of it as much as Jimin.

Using his hands, he spread Jimin's asscheeks to get better access. He pulled back a little to get a better view, already plotting in his mind what he would like to do next. However, the moment he laid his eyes on Jimin's splendid ass wide open, right there in front of his face, he had to stop for a good second, absolutely dumbstruck. It was too good to be true. He might even have said a little prayer in his heart, thanking the gods for the opportunitty to eat an ass like that.  It was unreal. Jimin was unreal.

Jungkook always had a feeling that Jimin was all shaved down there, and boy was he so damn right. Jimin's skin was so smooth he could cry real tears right there. Jungkook swallowed hard, his mouth watering, desire tying a knot in his stomach. He was going crazy, and it was all Jimin's ass fault.

He surged into Jimin again, more turned on than ever, and cupped Jimin's tight balls with his mouth and gently rolled them with his tongue, his mind urging him to go faster and devour Jimin, but he controled that impulse, wanting to savour everything, embracing the sweet satisfaction of torturing both of them. He went up gradually, licking and kissing his perineum, putting pressure on that spot, then he lapped his tongue around his hole and gave small bites to the insides of his asscheeks, teasing. He circuled his tongue around the rim but not actually licked where Jimin was aching for him to.

The grip he had on Jimin's ass was probably going to outdid the bites in how bruised it would get, but he didn't care, Jimin didn't care either. Jimin's mind was spiraling into another dimension. He was feeling Jungkook everywhere, from the tip of his toe to his last strand of hair.

"Jungkook, please." He begged, totally happy to beg, he would beg as many times as Jungkook wanted him to. Jungkook felt Jimin's words like a spell. Whatever self-control he was still holding onto vanished.

Lifting Jimin's hip up just a little, Jungkook pulled back and spat on Jimin's hole, spreading the saliva on it with his thumb. Jimin's hole was twitching so much, and Jungkook was feeling every one of those twitches in his dick.
Literally not being able to wait another second, Jungkook attacked Jimin's hole, sticking his tongue inside as deep as he could, and sucked with his lips as he pulled back.

Jimin screamed, fucking obliterated, shuddering with his entire body, the pleasure electrifying all his senses. Jungkook kept on fucking in and out with his tongue, sucking and making it all wet, drawing delicious cries out of Jimin's mouth. He stopped only for a bit, just enough so he could mutter under his breath, "Jimin, I want to ruin you." and pressed two fingers inside Jimin, all the way to his knuckles.

"FUCK! OH MY FUCKING GOD!" Jimin arched his back and burried his face in the sheets, his knees sliding on the bed, the burning stretching of his hole good enough to bring tears to his eyes. He felt like melted pleasure was being poured into his soul.

Jungkook grinned. He never imagined that having Jimin a whole crying mess under his touch would feel like this. He didn't want to stop, ever, and didn't even let Jimin catch his breath before start scisoring his fingers, opening Jimin up.

"Hyung, your ass is perfect. You are perfect." The praises came out naturally, the icing on top of the delicious feeling of being knuckles deep in Jimin's ass, feeling the goosebumps breaking on his skin as he pressed deeper and deeper --and not being particuarly gently with his motions.

Jimin wanted to cry, wanted to scream, and wanted to be pounded into oblivion. His mind was wrecked with all the pleasure. And when Jungkook turned his digits inward and pressed his prostate, he arched his back again, ass popping in the air, actually screaming. It was so good he wanted to stop, but also wanted to go on forever.

Jungkook thrusted his long fingers with purpose, hitting Jimin's prostate relentlessly, turning his hyung into a loud crying mess. He pulled the fingers out only for a moment, before inserting them again, this time with his tongue between them, scisoring and licking it inside and all around it.

"Jungkook, I think I'm gon-- gonna come," Jimin managed to say, hot and cold all over it; hotness spreading from his lower parts and curling around the edges of his body, and the coldness in his chest because of the antecipation, it was an iminent explosion, he could almost taste his orgasm.

Lubed only with his spit, Jungkook speeded up his movements, adding a third finger and thrusting them mercilessly in Jimin's hole. Jimin's whimpers got louder and more desperate, he felt Jimin's legs quiver and the clenching of his hole around his fingers. A crazy shiver shook Jimin's body violently and he closed his eyes hard trying to swim against the tsunami rising against him.

"I'm gonna--" Jimin sounded shattered and his vision went white. He felt the click of his orgasm being triggered, but the second it was about to be shooted into his needed desperate body, Jungkook grabbed the base of his dick with an iron grip, blocking it and denying Jimin his sweet release. "JESUS-- FUCK! FUCK! OH MY FUCKING--" Jimin trashed, being throwed off a cliff with the dry orgasm, so deliciously agonizing. He clenched his hands so hard he cut his palms with his nails, his whole body trembling.

Jungkook almost came himself with the vision of Jimin under him. He was never one to deny pleasure to his partner in bed, on the contrary, actually, he would always go out of his way to give more of it. But Jimin was awakening parts of Jungkook he didn't usually acknowledged it. The sight was burning behind his eyes, of how wrecked Jimin was, the tears prickiling in the corner of his eyes, his body shaking in the most pleasureable and agonizing way; fuck, he might have discovered something about himself that there would be no turning back.

"Hyung, are you ok?" Jungkook asked lightly, as if nothing was happening and he was talking about trivialities, his fingers still slowly stroking inside Jimin, who shuddered with hipersensitity.

"You little shit." Jimin sibilied, voice scratchy, completely out of breath and visibly shivering. "There's gonna be a payback for this."

Jungkook was ready to say something bratty back but his voice was shut down when he saw Jimin's face as he turned around. He was the personification of an untamed force of nature, his eyes two dark pools of bad intentions, a wicked expression on his face. He crawled towards Jungkook like a cat, with precise and enthrancing movements, his body displaying a grace it shouldnt be possible after what had just happened.

Jimin entangled his finger in Jungkook hair and pulled back hard, hissing in his ears, "Get the fucking lube wherever the fuck you have it inside this fucking room, and go sit by the headboard of the bed." He commanded. Jungkook swallowed hard, closing his eyes, and shook his head yes. "Go, don't make me wait." Jimin finished it by giving a not quite strong but still very much there slap on his left cheek.

Jungkook got up on shaking legs, his dick so hard it was almost painful to stand upright. He messily went through the night stand drawer, throwing everything on the floor until he found the little bottle. He grabbed it with anxious fingers and promptly sat on the bed, his back leaning against the pillows on the headboard.

Jimin moved in the speed of light, in a snap he was all over Jungkook, straddling Jungkook's hips with strong thighs and covering his mouth with a suffocating kiss. He ran his nails over Jungkook's shoulders, the back of his neck, and burried his hands on the younger boy's hair, scratching his scalp and pulling it until Jungkook grunted in pain.

"What, don't you like a little pain, Jungkook?" Jimin's voice was dripping sin covered in honey. He started rolling his ass on Jungkook's dick, but didn't put enough pressure, so it was just pure torture, having the pleasure he wanted at the reach of his hand, but still not being given to him.

"I don't know anymore, hyung." Jungkook mewled. He usually didn't like anything painful. At least that was what he thought. And as the night was going, he was discovering a lot of things he thought, weren't actually what he thought it was.

Jimin took the bottle from his hand and carelessly poured the sticky liquid on his own fingers, reaching behind and spreading it on his hole, then poured some more and smeared it on Jungkook's dick, giving it a good slick tug. Jungkook's eyes rolled to the back of his head, already completely surrendered to Jimin.  

"Look at me." Jimin ordered, and Jungkook obeyed on the spot. Nothing else in the world existed, except the heat of their bodies, the touch of their skin, the temperature rising in the room, and the obscene suffocating desire emanating around them.

Their faces were inches apart, their breaths mixing together. Jimin rubbed the side of his face on Jungkook's, as he positioned himself on top of his dick. "Do you want it, Jungkookie?" he asked, rubbing the tip of Jungkook's dick on his hole and around it.

Jungkook wanted so much that if he didn't get it he would actually cry real tears. He would need therapy to go on with his life if he didnt have Jimin in that instant. He swallowed hard, breathing erratic, and cupped Jimin's face with his hands, "Please." he mumbled over Jimin's lips.

Jimin lowered his hips a little, the tip of Jungkook's dick sliding past the rim of his hole, and both of them trembled in each others arms. "Jungkook." Jimin called in a whisper.

Jungkook had one of his arms wrapped around Jimin like a life line, and the other hand resting on Jimin's right thigh. Jimin was hugging Jungkook's neck, fingers still entangled in his hair. The intimacy was pure absolution.

Answering the calling, Jungkook locked his eyes with Jimin's. He saw his hyung take a shaky deep breath, biting his lower lip, before slamming his hips down onto Jungkook's dick all the way to the hilt, bottoming out in one go.

Both of them howled, being shattered in a million pieces by the pleasure. Jungkook crushed Jimin inside his arms, his skin cracking open and fire dripping out of it. "Jimin!" He huffed, his dick engulfed by the most insane hot tightness.

Jimin grunted, a pained expression on his features. He felt like he was being split in half, a stingy deep burn traveling up his spine, mixing with the pleasure of the stretching. It never felt better in his life. God, Jungkook was so big, hard as a fucking rock, and so deep Jimin felt butterflies in his stomach.

"You're so tight how is that even possible?" Jungkook burried his face in the curve of Jimin's neck, not being able to deal with reality. It couldn't be this good. How was he supposed to live his life after feeling such bliss?

"Do not have an existencial crisis right now." Jimin chuckled, out of air, and, with Jungkook's dick still impalled in him, Jimin swirled his hips around and around, moving Jungkook's dick inside as he pleased, feeling that big length everywhere inside him.

Jungkook laughed, most definetly having an existential crisis, but loving every second of it. He wanted to say something, anything, but as Jimin pulled up just a little and grinded back down, ondulating his hips like a goddamn sorcerer, he fully gave up on words and coherent sentences for the night. Jimin grabbed Jungkook's hands and placed them on his hips, and started to guide his movements, "Move me as you like."

Jungkook shutted his eyes and sucked the air through his teeth, tightening the grip on the sides of Jimin's hips as his words sunk in more and more, reaching new levels of triggered mankind didnt yet knew. Jimin clenched around him, throwing his hips back and forth, riding it hard, and Jungkook finally snapped out of it.

He pulled Jimin's hips up and brought them down, thrusting up so his dick met Jimin halfway. Jimin whimpered loudly, throwing his head back. Jungkook picked up the pace, making every thrust as deep as possible, his balls slapping Jimin's ass. Jimin quickly synchronized to him, weightening down into each thrust, adding pressure to them.

The pace was brutal, their whole bodies trembling with the impact of the movements, the slick sounds of the thrusts and their skin slapping was obscene. They were acting on instinct, the line between giving and taking pleasure was long gone, it was just one higher shared feeling of satisfaction. The gods gave them a small taste of heaven, saying: go on, please, fulfill your bodies and souls with all the pleasure you have ever craved in your entire life.

And so they did.

Sweat drenched their skin, rolling down their faces, necks and backs, making it all extra hot and slippery. Jimin desperately sought Jungkook's mouth, kissing deep and messy, trembling in the boys arms. Jungkook kissed him back, eager, his judgement cloudy.

"Motherfucking fuck!" Jungkook panted on Jimin's lips in the middle of the kiss, wanting to melt into Jimin's body. The tightness around his dick heavenly, burning through him. The touch and the feeling of Jimin's heavy sweaty body on top of him was absolution and damnation at the same time.

Jungkook's dick was piercing Jimin's soul, and when it hit his prostate, he cried out, clinging to Jungkook for dear life. It was almost unberable, the oversensitivity of the earlier dry orgasm intensifying every single touch, even the small breaths of Jungkook on his cheek rising shivers on his skin.

They were entangled on each other, not a inch between their bodies; both of them refusing to slow down the pace, even when their muscles started to cramp because of the repetitive movements and being in the same position for too long, Jimin's thighs quivering and Jungkook's core muscles clenching with a white sharp pain.   
Jimin pinched Jungkook's nipples and didnt let go, circling the two perky dots of flesh with his thumbs, and the younger boy felt the striking of a lightning on his body, head to toe energyzing, his movements going erratic.

"Do you like when I play with your nipples Jungkook?" Jimin's voice was way more composed than it should be possible.

"I-," Jungkook tried, his voice failing him when Jimin gave a stronger pinch and insisted on it. Answering just yes or no didnt do justice to what he was feeling. It was tormenting and agonyzing in the most pleasureable way, a liberating torture, and Jungkook was too far gone to be able to articulate those thoughts. But he didn't need to, because Jimin could see right on his face everything he was feeling.

"Jungkookie, play with me too." Jimin meowled in Jungkook's ears, rolling his hips and sliding his chest against Jungkook's.

Jungkook smiled breathless and shook his head side to side, more and more into whatever fuck thay was happening between them. He stopped his own movements and Jimin's, steady hands holding Jimin's body still, trapping him on his embrace. Jimin ached to move again and grind harder, but the forcefullness of Jungkook's grip was almost as pleasing.

"You want to be my plaything, Jiminie?"

Jimin gasped audibly. He wasnt expecting that Jungkook would, not only match, but also double his teasing, "Jungkook, you-"

"No, don't say anything, nuh-huh" Jungkook cut him off, tilting his head to the side and pressing his hand to Jimin's lips.

The mix of confusion and amusement on Jimin's features was a real work of art. Jimin raised his eyebrows and half laughed half whimpered --because jungkook was still burried in his ass.   

Why not? Was what Jimin meant, and Jungkook instinctively knew.

"You were the one who started it hyung, and now we are going with it. If you talk you will... distract me."

Jimin nibbled the tip of Jungkook's finger, a cheeky expression drawing on his face, "Do you even know what it is that we are going for?"

Jungkook sighed exasperated. He raised Jimin up, disconecting them, and turned him around, before getting out of bed and harshly pulled Jimin by his forearms. It all happen in a split of a second, Jimin couldnt even think as he was manhandled into being up and then pressed against the glass wall. He shivered with the cold temperature of the glass on his hot chest. He could feel Jungkook lurking behind him, his dick sliding between his ass-cheeks. Jungkook grabbed Jimin's arms and crossed them behind his back.

"I said. Don't. Say. Anything." Jungkook whispered in a raspy threatening voice, tightning the grip on Jimin's arms and closing the distance on their bodies, pressing Jimin's entire body against the wall, so hard Jimin could barely breath. "Open your legs." He commanded, slightly kicking Jimin's heels to sinalize it what he meant it. Jimin did it, opening his legs and instintictvely pushing his ass back.

Not giving Jimin the chance to reply, Jungkook used his free hand to line his dick against Jimin's entrance and pushed it, painfully slowly but steady, burrying himself in that insane tight heat. Jimin cried out, leaning his forehead on the glass, a wave of pleasure unfolding progressively from his ass and taking over his entire body equally.  He whimpered and bit his bottom lip, he wanted to beg so much, for Jungkook to go harder, go faster.

Jungkook started pounding in long lazy thrusts, delighting himself in deliberatly denying their senses, how such slow friction triggered them almost into madness. He took his time, looking at Jimin under him. He let go of Jimin's arms to ran his hands on his back, carved with perfect muscles, wide shoulders and small waist, his ass round and plumpy, greedly pushing back onto his dick.

As if worshipping every part of Jimin, Jungkook's hands traveled everywhere, up and down to the side of his thighs, circling his hips and caressing his v line, his lower belly, groin and the inner side of his thighs --purpolesly ignoring his aching hard dick, and around his navel, his chest and nipples, all while keeping the slow rythm of the thrusts. Jimin wriggled under him, nervously sweating, moaning under his breath, his brows furrowed and eyes shut hard.
Jungkook squeezed Jimin's neck with one of his hands, the other going up and grabbing Jimin's forehead, pulling it back, making Jimin lean his head on his shoulder.  

"It's killing you not being able to talk huh." Jungkook said softly like a lullaby, and rubbed his cheek on Jimin's temple. Jimin clenched tightly around Jungkook's dick, making both of them gasp. "Fuck, you have one tight little hole, don't you."

Jimin shook his head desperetly. Yes, for you. The words choke in his throat, it was taking everything he had to remain shut. Jungkook was enjoying that very much, but he was almost at his limit too, and the way Jimin was tightening and pushing back onto him, being such a good boy, obeying him even tho it was killing him, it was making him come undone.

"Ok, yeah," Jungkook started, completely out of breath and at his breaking point "You are doing a great job as my plaything Jiminie, you deserve a reward, don't you think?"

Jimin could only nod, his skin shattering in agony and pleasure, feeling insane and out of his mind with the burning stretch of his hole that tingled his whole body with an overwhelming aching, but going so so slow he wanted to shout and break that entire room in frustation.

Jungkook squeezed Jimin's throat around his fingers, feeling the unstopabble build up of adrenaline tying a knot in his stomach, "Then take this fucking dick as your reward."

To fully make his point, Jungkook thrusted so hard Jimin slided up on the glass wall, balancing on the tip of his toes. Both of them screamed, absolutely obliterated, pleasure piercing their bodies like a thousand flaming swords, urging to go harder. And so Jungkook did, picking up the pace, going faster with each push.

He pounded into Jimin using all the strength and body leverage he had, making it brutal and wild, and Jimin took it beautifully, meeting each one of Jungkook's thrusts as if his life depended on it. Jungkook grabbed both sides of Jimin's hips with iron fingers, leaned back a little, and opened his own legs more, getting better balance so he could angle his dick just right. Jimin cried out, clueless of the tears running down his face, as Jungkook hit his prostate relentlessly, feeling that dick in every inch of his body, melting under Jungkook's rough touch. It was almost impossible to process all that stimulation, his body was going in a short circuit.

Nothing was holding them back, they felt free and in their element. The world was crashing all around them and they didnt care.

"I'm gonna come," Jimin said breathless, goosebumps running up and down his body, a siren going off inside his brain warning about the explosion that was about to happen. "Fuck! FUCK! Shit, I can't-- I'm gonn--"

Jungkook could feel Jimin trembling under his touch, his movements going erratic and desperate. He increased the speed of his trusts, making it deeper and harder, burrying his dick all the way to the hilt then pulling back almost completely, before going again and again.

Jimin opened his arms and slapped his hands flat out on the wall, grasping for dear life, and screamed, pushing back one last time before being shattered in a million pieces. His vision went white and his mind dissolved in a thousand neon fireworks. Impossible waves of pure liquid pleasure emerged from his core and washed away his entire body, over and over again. He clenched all his muscles feeling electric chains numbling his skin.

"FUCK JIMIN I--" Jungkook couldnt have possibly be prepared to the way Jimin tightened and twitched around his dick during his orgasm, so he just let go as he was dragged by a hurricane. He came violently, his muscles straining and burning, crushing Jimin under his grip. "OH MY--- FUCKING GOD--" Jungkook screamed without air, and shuddered as reality was reduced to ashes. He spireled into ecstasy head first, feeling his skin hot and cold.

It was so overwhelming they could hardly breath. It went on and on forever, for both of them, their orgasms mixing together and intensifying one another. When reality finally settled in, they were left breathless and weak on the knees, with a whole mess of come on the wall, on the floor and in Jimin's ass.

Slowly and on auto-pilot, Jungkook started walking backwards, pulling Jimin by his hips, and when his calves hit the bed he just threw himself on it --Jimin compliantly going with him. The motion of laying down was what made Jungkook slide out of Jimin, and come dripped from Jimin's ass. Both of them whimpered softly, striked by hypersensitivy and also by the sublime satisfaction of finally being able to relax their muscles after all that hard work. Hard fucking work.

They were both laying on their backs, Jungkook was on the bed, and Jimin was half on top of Jungook and half on the bed, but it was ok, it was surprinsigly comfortable. Their breathing was fast and their mouths were dry. Not a single thought inside their minds.

"Jimin, that was... wow." Jungkook said, trying to collect his mind.

"Damn Jungkook you're as eloquent as always." Jimin somehow managed to tease, smiling with his lips and his eyes, his eyelids heavy and closing against his will, "But yeah, wow."

"I'm not even drunk anymore." He stated, genuinely surprised.

"We probably sweat all the alcohol." Jimin explained, saying the first thing that came to his mind.

"Is that possible?" Jungkook asked, and he sounded so much like a puppy that Jimin had to gather strength he didnt have to turn around and look at his face.

They were in a serious sticky situation, glued together by many different body fluids, so Jimin almost actually had to peel himself off of Jungkook, body aching in a pleasant sore as he twisted and settled laying next to Jungkook.  
The damp room now grew chilly, the indistinguible smell of sex still heavy in the air, the sudden silence weird to their ears.

"I don't know Jungkook, I'm not a scientist."

Jimin smiled sweetly and Jungkook mirrored him. They both were silent for a few moments, catching their breaths. They felt light and bubbly happy, like colorful feathers drifting through the air in the summer breeze.

Suddenly, Jimin felt Jungkook's body start trembling next him, and simustaneously a barely contained smile took over his lips, so strong he couldn't keep a straight face anymore. Jimin sat up and turned his body to face Jungkook and check what was happening. Jungkook had the biggest most stupid grin on his face, his cheeks were red as he tried very poorly to contain his smile, but the second his eyes met with Jimin's, he exploded in a loud laughter that shook his entire body.

"What is so funny, Jungkook?" Jimin asked, suspiciously.

"You're going to kill me." Jungkook said between giggles, choking on his own laughter.

"Jungkook. What. Is. It."

"Hyung," Jungkook started, gazing Jimin through his lashes with fear and amusement, "I fucked you wearing nothing but my pink cocky socks."

The betrayed and devastated look on Jimin's face as he processed the information had Jungkook howling again, laughing his heart out, tears prickling in the corner of his eyes.

Jimin couldn't NOT laugh, because it was so ridiculous and stupid, so a smile ghosted his lips and warmth spreaded inside his chest, but still, his pride demanded that he had to at least bitch about it a little, "I cannot believe you fucked me wearing those pink socks. How dare you?"

"Come on Jimminie, I'm starting to think the only reason we fucked was because of my sexy socks." Jungkook had the audacity to say.

"Oh my god! No! That's it! No! How do I unfuck you Jungkook?" Jimin made a motion to stand up but Jungkook pulled him back, hugging him and rolling them, so he was on top of Jimin.

"No no no no, the fuckery is already done, no turning back."

"Then you gotta let me fuck you with chimmy socks on, Jungkook. It's equality." Jimin said, his tone somewhere between a joke and a legit suggestion.

"What?" Jungkook gasped, dumbstruck by the sudden suggestion, but not in an unpleasant way, just caught off guard.

They stared at each other with deeply puzzled expressions, like they have never met before but somehow had a vague memory of each other from a past life. The energy around them was a weird combination of entrancing curiosity and suspicious disbelief. It wasn't awkward or anything, it was just too many new unexpected things happening in such a short period of time, and they, at that moment, most definetly were not in any condition to be able to handle such complex emotions.

"Uhh, I don't know? Just --just forget about it." Jimin tried to brush off the matter. Jungkook still stared at him with big dove eyes. Jimin saw that something was going on, and decided to test the waters. "... Unless...?"

Jungkook gasped again. Their eyes were locked and they had matched frowns in their complexions, both of them trying to find the answer to what the fuck was happening in each other's eyes, but they were stuck in dumb limbo together, so no answer in sight. Jimin blinked. Jungkook blinked, and both of them bursted into laughter.

"What the fuck is tonight?" Jungkook asked choking on his laughter.

"I don't know!" Jimin answered, out of air. "I surely did not think all of this would happen when I woke up in the morning."

Their laughter was light and fun, but the stickiness was making itself noticeble more and more as the minutes went by.

"We should take a shower." Jungkook helpfully suggested.

"Yes, we should."

As if it was something natural Jungkook stood up with Jimin in his arms, and made his way to the bathroom, carrying his hyung bridal style.

"Jungkook I swear to god what's up with all this carrying me around?" Jimin bickered, but didn't make any effort to actually get out of the hold.

"I told you hyung, I'm just going with the vibe."

As they reached the big and all white bathroom, Jungkook asked, "Hyung, do you want to go first?"

"Let's go together." Jimin answered without missing a bit.

Jungkook nodded, agreeing, and both of them  stepped into the shower.

"You know, next time I want you to come in my mouth." Jimin said and Jungkook shivered in excitement.

"Next time, then."  



Afterword


End Notes
Thank you for reading it! 💖💖💖


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



