



Midnight Pleasure - angstburrito - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Midnight Pleasure: Moonlight Night
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16292516.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Seokjin | Jin/Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin/Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook/Kim Seokjin | Jin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin
Additional Tags:
Smut, Shameless Smut, Manipulation, Mind Manipulation, Alternate Universe - Vampire, Warlocks, Alternate Universe - Demons, Mindfuck, Mind Control, Blood Kink, Alternate Universe - Magic, Memory Loss, Ambiguous/Open Ending, Ambiguity, Morally Ambiguous Character, Vampire Kim Seokjin | Jin, Demon Jeon Jungkook, Warlock Kim Taehyung | V, Threesome - M/M/M, Vampire Bites, Love Bites, Kim Seokjin | Jin is So Done, Tragedy, Dark Magic, Teasing, Established Relationship, Repressed Memories, Possessive Behavior, Angst, Drama, Eventual Romance, Hurt/Comfort, Comedy, Mystery, Past Relationship(s), Violence
Stats:

        Published: 2018-10-14
          Completed: 2020-07-15
          Chapters: 3/3
        Words: 6733
      

Midnight Pleasure: Moonlight Night
by angstburrito
Summary
Seokjin woke up after four centuries of deep slumber.He craved for blood.Someone's blood.“I wasn’t always the one being hunted. I used to be a hunter.”They has served countless kings, faked countless deaths, and bid their time, waiting for him.  Or ancient Vampire Seokjin found himself caught up between a wicked warlock and dangerous demon while slowly getting his memories back
Notes
Old fic, deciding to rewrite it and somehow ended up as a series.Still messy and no beta though ☆ ～('▽^人) I think I will upload more, just you wait but for a while I will leave it as two chapters  my twitter  (*￣▽￣)b

          See the end of the work for more notes





1



Thirsty.He gulped down, his throat was dry. He looked up to the night sky, the starry night from the window gazed back at him.The silver moonlight illuminated the castle’s room, the cold tiles were freezing but never once bothering him.The joints in his body cracked when he moved, he groaned and sounded inhumane.How long he had been sleeping inside his black coffin?He blinked, adjusting with his surroundings. A lot of things had changed, there was so many furniture he didn’t remember was there before he slept, his eyelids fluttered.He left his coffin, the comfortable coffin. The inside of his coffin was maroon, his favourite colour; just like blood.Blood, right.He needed blood.He needed to know the world’s condition first. The new untouched world outside this huge ancient castle.He recalled the situation before he fell to the deep slumber, he winced when he tried to dig his memories further. An unknown pain shot through his body, starting from his skull to his toes, he gave up to remember.The only clothes he had was just the one he used at that moment, the white shirt with black blazer together with his old fashioned black trousers.Good thing nobody dared to open his coffin, it wasn't like they could in fact. His body and clothes were clean, no dust.New clothes, he believed people would look at him weirdly if he wanders around the village with this kind of clothing. He didn’t know how long he slept, this was fatal.He didn’t want to attract hunters, the execution was fun and the fire tickles him when they tried to burn him alive back then but now wasn’t the right time to enjoy such thing.The black-haired man turned around when he heard a rustling sound from the corridor, he sniffed the familiar scent.A human.The man smirked, good timing, finally he could get some useful information.He walked away from the open window, leaving his comfort zone. He could feel a shiver ran down his spine, the thrilling feeling when he approached his prey would always be the cause of his euphoria.Joints cracked like broken glass, he clenched and unclenched his fists. He tilted his head, staring at the closed door, he smelled an anxious human from behind the huge oak door.Smiling softly, he leaned back to a clean table near him, he waited patiently.His white skin glowed under the moonlight, slicked-back hair completed his flawless face. His smile widened when he heard the door moved and gave a loud noise due to its old condition.The man looked calm when he heard a loud gasp when the door fully opened, he eyed the stranger who stood frozen.A woman with a weird uniform (actually her clothes were normal, it just, he never saw it before), hands covering her mouth and her eyes widened.She took a step back but halted when the black-haired man stretched his hand toward her, inviting her to come closer.His beauty clouded her mind, his smile was so gentle and comforting. She almost falls to her knees but his gaze held her together to stay in tack.Her whole body shuddered, she moved slowly from her spot to the man who sat on the table’s edge.‘It’s okay,’ a sweet scent, similar to chocolate with cinnamon.
 Tempting you.  
She blinked several times, the sweet scent invaded the poor woman’s nostril. She rushed to the man, with clouded eyes like something was chasing after her.The man caught her when she fell right before him, the woman inhaled and exhaled. She let out a shaky breath while the man nuzzled to her soft hair.It went oddly natural after that; the way she gripped the man’s clothes, nuzzling back with such eagerness that almost makes the man laughs.‘I’m not a bad guy,’ sweet lies, the man whispered toxic but oh-so-sweet words to her head and the woman felt blessed.He knew too well how to invade her mind, how to manipulate and control her desire. It was his everyday routine, he didn’t need to open his mouth at all; just a small power he possessed.He couldn’t open his mouth yet, using his sweet voice. Everything would be ruined if he speaks, a frog would sound better than his voice at this time.The woman looked up with a fond gaze, her lips parted and a nice tint of pink dusted her cheeks. Almost like someone injected her with unknown drugs and she became an idiot, she was flying to the utopia.Everything felt amazing, even the lightest touch from the man could make her happy, trembling like a leaf, she whined when he pulled back his hand from her cheek.She bit her lips to keep her moans inside her mouth, the man shook his head; disagreeing. He lifted her with one swift move, she wrapped her leg to his waist immediately.She grabbed the man’s broad shoulders with her trembling arms, she moaned when the man mouthed at her neck and licked her collarbone.‘What a beauty,’ he said, using his telepathy power to speak directly to her head.She wailed and grind down, the man grabbed her waist and once again kissed her neck. She kept begging for his touch, she let out a relieved sigh when he caressed her soft hair with his crooked fingers.He tilted her chin up, meeting his brown eyes that flashed with red. He kissed her and she closed her eyes, enjoying the sweet temporally bliss.When she opened her eyes, the man was gazing at her with a really sweet smile, she blushed madly.The next scene was the man pinned her down to the table, both hands grabbed her wrist and sent a tingling sensation to her body.The navy blue wallpaper of the room supported the heated moment, this castle was his; this was his bedroom, and the woman before him would be the first victim after years of deep slumber.She should be proud to be the chosen one.He knew the woman didn’t think straight, she loved it, she was happy with how he treated her. The incoherent words left her mouth as he leaned down, she squirmed but her legs wrapped on his waist pulled him closer.He licked the spot when her neck, the blood rushed in her veins.His sharp fangs grazed the slender neck in a teasing manner. She jerked and cried when the sharp fangs pierced through her flesh, warm blood tasted the best when the owner was in their euphoric state.Pain and pleasure, he was kind to give both at the same time rather than taking her roughly like a mindless beast.Even though her blood wasn’t that tasty, it was enough for Seokjin who slept for more than four centuries.Yeah, so delicious.Her moans turned into whimpers, she clawed his back. Seokjin enjoyed the moment her body went limp after her hands fell from his shoulder to the table under her.He tilted his head and watched the life left her body slowly but surely as he gulped down her blood.Don’t judge him, believe him when he said that girl was happy until the end of her life. Human is simple, offer them a flawless creature, feed them with sweet words; they would kneel and do anything for you.They won’t regret anything, say you love them; say you devote all of your soul for them, they would kill for you.Seokjin loved to manipulate them.The man smirked, poor woman; meeting him that just woke up from the long sleep. He thanked her though, not just her blood but she also gave a lot of useful information when he sucked her dry.He read her mind and got a short version of the world’s condition now.The world changed, the woman was a guard to his castle that somehow turned into a museum. It took twenty minutes with a car to reach the nearby city, it was far from the city Seokjin knew.There’s so many tall and huge building with a blinding light, they were soaring like a bird to the sky; skyscraper.His clothes looked a bit off but when he took off the blazer, with just his shirt and black trousers; he looked okay. The problem was, he still felt hungry, and the hunger didn’t subside even just a bit.Seokjin coughed, testing his voices; smiling when his voice came back to normal after one meal. At least his power was charged, he could do anything he wanted.He arrived at the city after he stopped a random car that happily drove him here, the driver kept checking him from the corner of his eyes, Seokjin smiled softly from the passenger seat.He could smell the arousal from the driver. Well, he drank the driver’s blood and gave him a little of his affection; it wasn’t that bad but still, it wasn’t enough.He wandered in the city, blinding lights and big buildings. The big screen, billboard? He wasn’t sure, it showed him the actors and actress in this generation.If Seokjin never took the information from his victims, he would surely freak out. Almost everyone was walking with a small thing called a gadget; they called it ‘cellphone’.He ruffled his hair, making it looked messy but still suitable for him, some people checked him out but he ignored them.Seokjin took a sharp turn and walked into a dark alley because in fact; he hated to be the centre of people’s attention.He felt the weird tug again, the feeling that had been hunting him since he woke up. The sudden urge he didn’t know to exist inside him, his chest was hurting like someone punched and crushed his ribs.This kind of feeling, the ancient yearning feeling; his kind called it, hunger.Which was odd because he already drank from two people, in a row. Usually, Seokjin only needed one person to satisfy him for two or maybe three months.He was an old vampire and he knew how to control his hunger well; to stop himself from being a ‘blood-slave’.But here he was, trying his best to keep his fangs inside his mouth without biting every people he encountered.The lust for blood, he never loses control of it.Yet, right at the moment, he almost loses it. One step from being insane from the painful instinct to just drink from people’s veins.No, he couldn’t surrender to his instinct in the middle of the city. He clawed at his hand, trying to keep himself at bay as he slammed his head to the brick wall behind him.He hissed as his regenerating power healed his upper arm and he felt a little bit dizzy from slamming his head too hard.His eyes kept following people who passed on the street, swallowing hard as he watched their veins. The blood flow, he tried to ignore them.He kept walking while covering his nose, avoiding human as much as possible. It was when he passed a complex of an apartment that looked luxury and fancy. A place for rich people, there, he lost his mind as his eyes turned crimson completely.His legs walked by its mind, he frowned but he couldn’t stop. He looked up from the front parking lot to the tallest floor of the apartment, the penthouse.He smelled them first, he gasped audibly as his fangs extended in instinct. He unconsciously licked his sharp pointed teeth, he never felt this hungry.Being a creature like him came with amazing benefits, like enhanced eyesight and oversensitive nose.Seokjin could adjust his sense anytime he wanted. The other benefit was, he could go to that freakin’ penthouse without a lift or stairs.He chose to do get inside in a hardcore way; jump there and break the window. He stepped into the fancy room, tall ceiling and magnificent furniture. Everything screamed rich ass people’s lifestyle.The glass from the window scattered on the floor, making a mess and some of them even scratched his cheek and neck.Seokjin would feel ashamed later but not now, not when Seokjin wasn’t in his right mind. The black-haired vampire hated this state, same as when he was still a young vampire.Barely a human turned into a high-class vampire because a certain pure-blood vampire took a liking of him.He used to hate vampire but what could he possibly do except accepting the reality that he already turned into one of those bloodsuckers?This story is for later, he didn’t want to talk about this, not yet.Seokjin looked to his left, to the large maroon couch where two men sat on that fluffy couch. Both of them stared at him with wide eyes, a bowl full of popcorn and a plate with French fries of the small coffee table in front of the couch, not so far away from them was a big television and the opening of Marvel’s movie was playing as the background music.Seokjin’s eyes turned into another shade of red when he eyed them, his lips parted a little and showed his sharp fangs.Everything turned blurry, the black-haired vampire moved at a fast pace to them and he attacked them in a second.The first one, the one with raven hair; the poor man struggled to break free with all of his might from Seokjin’s grip but we all know who won at the end.The first victim shouted and kicked Seokjin but he was helpless to the old vampire. The blood tasted so sweet, so fucking sweet for the vampire’s taste buds to the point he shivered from head to toes.Seokjin moaned loudly, he even shed tears when he drank his blood. His thirst, finally, something that suitable to fulfil his desire for blood.The man under him grew weaker each second, slowly but surely he went limp under Seokjin.The hands that tried to get free stopped moving and the body stayed still underneath the vampire. The limp hands left several claw marks on Seokjin’s neck but he didn’t care, not aware of that marks yet.Seokjin whined pathetically when his victim stopped moving, he pulled back and licked his plump lips. He closed his eyes and licked the man’s neck, savouring the taste as long as he could until a loud noise caught his attention.The other man with a horrified face, back glued to the wall, the man Seokjin assumed to be his victim’s friend was frozen not so far away from them.The vampire almost forgets about him, Seokjin’s nose twitched; another sweet scent he smelled before was from the blond man, the next victim. The vampire felt glad, he didn’t need to start the chasing game with this human since the human was too shocked to think about running from this place, great.He believed he had sucked the raven-haired boy’s dry, he got up and left the limp body. He faced the blond man with a mullet hairstyle, he looked down to the man he just killed; both of them were handsome, too beautiful to just die like that but then again, Seokjin wasn’t thinking straight because of his blood-lust.What a waste, Seokjin should have savoured them a little, he blamed the hunger that bubbling inside him; forcing him to drink to fulfil his needs.He let out a shaky breath, walking slowly to the other man who finally gained a little strength to move away from his position; but it was too late.Seokjin grunted when their sweet scent felt like suffocating them, he growled and sounded inhumane when the blond man looked to his left side; to the exit door.His chest was hurting again but this time was the nice kind of pain, where you were at your peak of the euphoria and you felt hurt.Like it was too much but yet Seokjin loved it and in a mere second he had the blond inside his embrace and Seokjin’s fangs buried deep to his neck.Maybe his victims were in their twenties, judging from their appearances. He felt a little guilty for killing them in their prime ages, but his guilty faded away and turned into another ecstatic state as he drank the blood eagerly.Eyes closing due to the pleasure, hands gripping the body of his victim, bless this tasty blood.
 Delicious, delicious, delicious.  
His heart that usually beat slow hammered his chest, his frown became deeper as he drank and drank. It was so addicting that he kept sucking even though his victim stopped struggling minutes ago.  He shuddered one last time before he pulled back from the dead body, letting out a shaky breath he looked around and found the mess he did impulsively.Seokjin gazed at the blond man’s neck, he irked in disgust to himself. The way he drank was disgusting and unsightly to his usual self that already went back to his normal self.It was a little unsettling to realize both of the victims made him insane like before, almost resembling a mindless beast.The vampire clenched his hand into a fist as he tried to not leaning down and lick the boys’ neck, drinking the last drop of the crimson.As his mind fully settled down and his rational mind back, Seokjin made his way to the bathroom to clean himself.He wiped his mouth with the clean towel he found there, cleaning his hand with the water. He watched the porcelain sink tainted red.When he glanced at his reflection, his pale skin smeared with blood and his lips a little swollen. His fangs as sharp as needles, he sighed and wondered if a long slumber would give this kind of impact to him maybe next time he must think twice.After he cleaned his face, he brushed his teeth using a new toothbrush he found under the sink. His body sweaty and he thought about having a free bath in this luxurious bathroom.Seokjin scoffed, his victims must be some rich ass kids who spent their allowance for fun or parties.He felt he was safe for now on since nobody found out he was wide awake and maybe he could start a new life, a low profile.His mind wandering peacefully until unknown voices echoed inside the bathroom.“Took you long enough,” Seokjin froze, he blinked as they continued, “we even played along with the situation since you were out of your mind before,” they chuckled innocently.He knew that voice, the whimpers, and moans when he sucked their blood.“You had no idea, don’t you?” one of them let out a heavy sigh, “you don’t know how much the window will cost us” one of them with a deeper voice added, Seokjin shivered unconsciously.They supposed to be corpses, he killed them minutes ago. He sucked them dry, he watched life drifting away from their eyes. He remembered the look from their eyes as clear as the day!Seokjin turned around slowly, both of his victims stood on the doorframe of the bathroom with amused faces.They were staring at him as if he was an interesting object of the day, their eyes weren’t the same as before when Seokjin came to this penthouse.Both of their eyes looked dangerous as if they were the predators and Seokjin was the one being hunted down.As if it was they against Seokjin, pushing each other to submit; to fall into his knees and beg for simple mercy.The dried blood on their neck and their tainted shirt were the proofs Seokjin needed to make sure he wasn’t dreaming before, though deep inside him he wished all of this was a dream.“Do you remember us?” the way they smirked and approached him, “it’s Taehyung and Jungkook,” Seokjin knew nothing good would come after this. 



2
Chapter Summary
Nothing good, yes, it's nothing good for sure
Chapter Notes
Chapter two is actually part of chapter 1 but after I tried to write it again, it became too long for one chapter   my twitter  (*￣▽￣)b

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




“Ah-ahh-!-” tell him the mistakes he did, he couldn’t find it.No matter how far his clouded mind tried to think, he couldn’t find the reason why he ended up being tied up to the head-broad of a king bed.Seokjin whimpered when the vibrator buzzed inside him, he shuddered when the pleasure took over him again. His teary eyes darted along with the room, felt ashamed to his self.He tugged at the chains but it was too strong. Made by a special material to hold a vampire-like him, his member stood shamefully and he looked like a freakin painting people would buy and cost for billions in an auction.Taehyung chuckled as he watched the debauched state of the vampire, looking as beautiful as always. Four centuries he waited, he couldn’t believe it now the vampire was back to his hand.“S-stop-” Seokjin said through his gritted teeth, Taehyung was lost in the way the vampire sobbed because he really couldn’t take it anymore but the next second he would growl and act tough.The cock-ring wrapped around Seokjin’s member looked painful, he wanted to cum so badly but his pride would never –Or maybe he would since he was already tripping.Jungkook on the other side of the bed was smiling innocently, hands caressing Seokjin’s trembling body mindlessly. He admired the man from head to toes, the vampire never changed even after his deep slumber.“Stop?” Taehyung’s husky voice sent a shiver to Seokjin’s spine, he felt his head spinning and the only thing he could focus on was the boys and their touches.“Plea-” Seokjin bit his lips before he pleads, the boys raised their eyebrow in amusement because the vampire still tried his best to keep his image. Oh gosh,  they wanted to wreck him so badly.“What?” Jungkook bent down, smiling innocently before he caught the plump lips.Giving a passionate kiss to shut Seokjin incoherent whimpers and curses, stealing the breath away swiftly.A string of saliva connecting their lips when the raven-haired man pulled back from Seokjin, the vampire took a deep breath.He shot a glare to the bunny-like boy with a toned body, totally a crime for having such an adorable face and muscled body like that.Seokjin spat to them and gritted his teeth, refusing to surrender under their touches. No matter how many time Taehyung and Jungkook fucked him, punched his sanity and he was nearing the edge.Seokjin refused to surrender and they loved him more than before.“Just, who-” the vampire wailed when Taehyung inserted his long fingers and pulled out the vibrator, his hole clenched for nothing and he felt empty.Not long until those fingers back inside him, rubbing his prostate agonizingly slow and maddening.Jungkook smirked and leaned in to mark his bruised neck once again, already full of hickeys but both of them thought Seokjin still needs more of the marks.They took off the ring from Seokjin's member, the vampire's cock twitched.“Who are- are you guys?” Seokjin’s voice cracked, he felt drowsy and he was positive that his overstimulated body needed a break.Both of Taehyung and Jungkook stopped, they moved closer and sat beside Seokjin.Jungkook untied him and Taehyung pulled his limping body to his lap, kissing him slowly and made him moaned softly.The way Jungkook kissed his nape carefully, both of them caging him like before. He leaned his head to Taehyung’s shoulder while the blond man leaned to the bed's head-broad.“You forget us,” Jungkook mumbled from behind, sounding incredibly sad unlike minutes ago when he tormented him.Seokjin’s chest hurt once again, the pang he felt the first time he met them before he lost his sight for their blood.“You still full of pride and cocky,” Taehyung chuckled, Jungkook pampered Seokjin’s back with chaste kisses while rubbing the sore muscles.Hate to admit it, they did torment him but they didn’t hurt him in a bad way. Though Seokjin was frustrated at the end.  Seokjin tilted his head in confusion, “you guys … sounded like you know me?”Both of them were silent before a series of laughter broke, “Oh, you had no idea.”Seokjin was confused, so confused, “What-” could it be the void of his memories held the memories of both Taehyung and Jungkook?“Our blood is amazing, right?” Seokjin shut his mouth, “It’s been a long time since the last time you drank our blood,” they smirked to the vampire, “you even chased us from your castle to here, we felt so proud and happy.”Seokjin pushed himself from Taehyung, trying to look to the younger man and create some distances between them but his back ended up glued to Jungkook’s chest instead.He stared at blond man's cobalt blue eyes, he didn’t remember Taehyung to have such eyes before when he drank him dry.“We missed you so much, Seokjin,” he gawked at them, why they knew his real name?!He could felt his body went colder once again, “four centuries was a long time you know, we almost give up to the hope you will wake up someday,” Jungkook chirped, he could imagine the raven-haired man talk in a pout.“I don’t understand,” Seokjin averted his eyes, looking anywhere but them.“Of course you don’t,” Jungkook hugged him, nuzzling to his neck and sucked another bruise again.Taehyung grabbed the wine bottle from the nightstand and poured it to the wine glass, gently offered it to Seokjin’s swollen lips.The vampire was hesitant for a while but after he saw Taehyung took a sip, he accepted it and drank it slowly.  “You’re so angry with us,” Taehyung whispered, he bit the vampire’s earlobe teasingly, almost make the man whimper.Seokjin pushed the blond man’s face away from him, “angry?”Jungkook nodded, his hand wrapped on Seokjin’s slim waist, “you suddenly left us, joined the vampire raid and vanished,” the raven-haired male growled when he remembered the time they lost the vampire’s location.Taehyung kissed his broad shoulder, leaving tingling sensation on Seokjin’s bruised skin, “we found you after searching for months, you were unconscious and wounded badly so we took you back to the castle.”Jungkook hummed, “and put you inside you coffin since you needed time to recover,” he explained.Just who were they to him?They were the one who brought him back to his castle?How could he be so upset to the point he lost his memories about them?Like, completely trying to erase their existence from his head.Seokjin bit his lips as he once again locked his gaze with Taehyung, looking uncertain with his question, “what you two said to me?” he asked.The wicked glint back to Taehyung and Jungkook’s eyes, they opened their mouth but Seokjin cut them again, “no, wait, what are you guys? Both of you?” he frowned.Jungkook huffed, “you first,” he gestured to Taehyung, the blond man nodded his head and introduced himself after he kissed Seokjin softly.“I’m Kim Taehyung,” he began as he raised his hand.In a second Taehyung materialized a black-purple smoke, similar to miasma, not toxic as long Taehyung doesn't make it toxic, that changed shaped every second in front of Seokjin, “and I’m a-”“A Warlock,” the vampire mumbled, the younger boy nodded eagerly.Seokjin could felt the back of his hair stood, he never, ever, felt warlock’s energy as strong as Taehyung’s power.Magically, how the blond man hid such heavy and strong energy from a vampire as old as Seokjin remained mysterious.  A man who practices witchcraft of sorcerer, the man he just killed- correction, he thought he killed was a warlock. Not to mention, a really powerful one who didn’t need any special staff, grimoire or magic stone but he could materialize his magic with an empty hand.“Your turn, Kook,” Taehyung whistled to the raven-haired boy, he nodded and pulled back a little from Seokjin. He smirked widely when the vampire turned around and focused on him, he ended up making Seokjin speechless too.Jungkook let go the seal, he let his murderous and dark aura spilt from him.The darkness of a demon.
  A high levelled demon.   
Seokjin slumped back, a warlock? Now a demon? Attracted to the demon and a skilful warlock? What’s going on with him?Seokjin pushed Jungkook and tried to get up, wanting a glass of cold water rather than the sweet wine. Taehyung gripped his wrist in instant, the playful atmosphere changed.Jungkook too gripped Seokjin’s shoulder with an unreadable expression, the boy's eyes darkened.“Where are you going?” Taehyung asked with a cold voice, Seokjin amazed by how fast their expression changed.“Why should I tell you?” he tested the water.Firm face, Seokjin believed he left them for a reason, “Just, what you two said to me before I left?”Jungkook took a silver knife from the bedside, Seokjin was stunned because he recognized that.The silver knife with pale blue flower engraved to its hilt, his weakness.A knife that supposed to be kept in his castle, they had it meant they were someone special in his life.  He expected that sharp edges to slice him open but what the next thing came surprised him.The sweet scent hit him again and he felt weak.Taehyung and Jungkook sliced their wrist and let the blood dripped to the bedsheet.“What-what are you-” Seokjin stepped back in alert, he could feel the heat crept under his flesh.Aroused by the scent of the warlock and the demon’s blood, now the barriers were gone their true scent became stronger and thicker.Seokjin could refuse them, he could refuse the sex thingy or the pain but not their blood.The blood blinded him.As simple as that, the vampire approached the bed on his own without force.Seokjin climbed to the bed, white shirt hanging loosely as the only garment on his body as he grabbed their hand and pulled them closer.Several inches away from his mouth, from his sharp fangs. He was once again basking with the scent, he gulped.
 It almost looked like they were controlling him, manipulating him, like a-  
“What we told you is,” Taehyung caressed Seokjin’s cheek with his other hand, smiling gently.Both of them smirked, slitted eyes that resemble each other, “it’s not the master who eat or drink.”Seokjin’s crimson eyes blinked, haziness and half-conscious.“It’s the masters that feed his pet.”Seokjin eyes widened, the leather-collar with special material just like the chain before fit perfectly to his neck.His hands touched the soft material wrapped around his neck, Jungkook put it on him with a smile.“We won’t let out beloved leave us,” Jungkook kissed his forehead.“Not again,” they said in unison to Seokjin.When he licked their wrist, tasting the blood again, he moaned in delight.This time, no way out from the Midnight Pleasure.



Chapter End Notes
Kudos and comment please 	( ˙꒳˙ )my twitter  ٩(｡•́‿•̀｡)۶


3
Chapter Summary
What you had created.  Seokjin. RevengeHatredAnger‘They deserved worse, right?’
Chapter Notes
A random update of their incomplete story (￣▽￣)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Taehyung and Jungkook were together for more than four centuries waiting for Seokjin to wake up after their separation with the vampire.

The day they met the vampire was engraved at that back of their head, remembering those memories as if it just happened yesterday.

Taehyung met Seokjin first when he was still a little boy from a village near the mountains.

His village wasn’t rich, they were in poverty, to be honest.

But Taehyung lived happily, with his younger brother and sister even though their parents rarely stay at home because they needed to find the money for their living.

Taehyung never went out after the sun had set, a rule for human if they wanted to stay alive.

When the sun was down, it was time for the monster to roam around.

The human was below them, the dark ages where you were between eat or get eaten.

People feared those who were above them, though his mother always told Taehyung they were okay because the Deities would protect them.

His little family lived happily until one day his little sister made a mistake when she was playing with her friends.

“

She made the rock flew!

” one of the kid had screamed.

His sister was still a little girl, obvious to the fact that their power wasn’t something she could use in the public.

“

She is a witch!

” the lady who often gave Taehyung free beard shouted, face horrified and Taehyung ran to his sister in instinct.

They tried to run, his father who had no power and the only one who loved them even though he knew about his mother’s magic hid them.

“

Stay here

,” his father whispered, closing the door leading to the small basement they used to keep extra food under their house.

Taehyung stood under the small door above his head, peeking from the crack and seeing villagers came with torches.

“

Burn them!

”

“

Witches are evil!

”

He heard his mother screamed, he heard his father’s choked with his own blood. A fork they usually used to farm pierced his father and Taehyung covered his mouth to hold his breath.

His mother shrieked, seeing her beloved husband died for protecting her and everything went a little blurry after that.

Taehyung turned around and embraced his siblings, covering their mouths with his bigger hand to prevent any sobs escaping.

The human was weird.

They seek peace by starting a war.

They kill to save.

Even though his family never even once hurt the villager, their fear overleapt and they ended up slaughtering the whole family.

His mother ended up tied to a stake, straw under her ready to be light up with fire to burn her down.

Taehyung and his siblings tied down to the ground, waiting for their turn while watching their mother cried.

She was looking to the ground, face blank as her husband’s corpse haunted her.

She looked up and met Taehyung’s teary eyes, “

it’s cruel

,” she said while her eldest son tried to read her lips.

Somehow following the memories, Taehyung was the last after he watched all of his family died horribly.

“

It’s the last! Prepare the fir-

” the man who dragged him shouted.

Taehyung was so exhausted, throat red after countlessly begged for forgiveness and pleaded his younger siblings to be spared.

The sight before him might make him scream if he hadn’t watched his family died before his eyes for hours.

The rippling sound of the fire, their skin turning crisp still haunted him.

“

Isn’t this interesting?

” a light voice said from behind the man, Taehyung’s eyes widened as he saw the bloody hand before his eyes.

The man choked, like his father, with his own blood as the sharp nails pierced through his heart.

“

Looks like I came in the middle of execution,

” the hooded man continued and the villagers once again screamed.

The man fell to the ground, leaving the hooded man standing before Taehyung as the situation unfolded.

A bunch of people with black cloak merged from the dark. 

When Taehyung stared at the sky he realized it was almost the time for the sun to set.

He got a peek for his 

saviour

, a plump lips and alluring eyes.

“

It’s rare for a human to smell this nice,

” the man tilted his head up, Taehyung’s eyes were almost empty.

“

They killed your family, aren’t they?

” the man walked and stood before him, grabbing his shoulder and turning the little boy to see other vampires feasted on the villager.

Taehyung could feel the breath against his ear, “

don’t you want to make them suffer more?

”

It was no secret, vampires existed because their ancestor traded their human life with Satan for eternal life.

They sacrificed their humanity to power and lust.

Greed and pride.

The vampire prompted the innocent human to summon something more dangerous.

“

I know you can do it, boy,

” the man whispered, doing this purely because he wanted to spice up the situation.

Seokjin was still a young vampire, according to the vampire ages. Even though he was already older than what you thought, he was still young compared to the elders in their clan.

He loved a thrilling experience, he loved to try new things.

The vampire’s eyes crimson, whispering words of provocation.

It was rare to find a human with power, much less to a mortal with a pure scent like this boy.

Without doubt, he knew, this boy could summon 

the demon. 


Taehyung watched, recalling his father corpse; his mother shriek, his siblings’ cries.

The villagers hadn’t suffered enough, he wanted them to die horribly.

One hundred times, one thousand times.

“

That’s it,

” Seokjin bent down, smiling wickedly, “

summon one of them, and let me witness the massacre.

”

The naughty vampire who wanted to see the so-called demon used the innocent soul, pushing the boy to offer his delicious soul to the other side.

Taehyung remembered screaming, the loud pitched one to the point he thought he spit blood.

The sky turned dark and Seokjin was grinning widely.

As if sensing the danger, the rest of the vampires back down.

Seokjin was still beside the boy when the dimension cracked open and a black mist spread.

Golden eyes glinting from somewhere inside the black fog, Seokjin swore his crimson eyes met the golden one and he could feel his faint heartbeat of a vampire quickened.

The stinky scent of blood and the dry scent of burning woods, ashes flew and floating around them.

A loud growl echoed, thumping sound on the ground and the crack closed but the darkness stayed on their world.

Taehyung remembered the other hooded vampire ran to Seokjin and pulled him back to the bushes.

The little boy memorized the face who saved him, his eyes raking up and down to Seokjin’s face when the vampire’s hood fell back.

‘

Hurry up, Seokjin!

’

‘

Let me go, Yoongi! I want to see this!

’

‘

Are you insane Hyung?! That human is summoning a demon! We must run!

’

‘

But I want to see this!

’

‘

Seokjin!

’

'

I want to see what I caused!

'

'

Fuck with what you had created! We will be in a big problem if you don't come soon!

'



Seokjin.



The name he won’t forget.

When Taehyung was done watching Seokjin and his friend vanished from his sight, he looked away and found black mist swirling before him.

The mist looked as if it was trying to touch him, engulfing him but not touching him yet. 

He reached out, an unknown hand answer his hand and he felt a shiver went down his spine.

Taehyung saw the smirk first, flashing white fangs and sharp teeth like a Cheshire cat.

He wondered back then how he could stand tall while his knees almost buckle. Taehyung imagined the vampire hand still on his shoulders.

The boy looked up and locked eyes with the demon before him, he knew he couldn’t; 

won’t

 back off.



Revenge





Hatred





Anger





‘They deserved worse, right?’



That was how he had Jungkook.

The sharp inhumane claws turned into human’s hands, the face of a beast turned to be a handsome man.

Golden eyes turned to brown, black fur to raven-haired man.

It was unfair how Jungkook’s face looked so innocent and kind, though the demon once told Taehyung you shouldn’t judge a book from its cover.

Sacrificing the whole village and his own soul, he was sure his mother would cry blood if she knew Taehyung used their holy power to summon darkness.

But she died.

Taehyung had no fear for her to hate him at all.

The blood under his feet, holding hand with a man with a sweet smile.

He memorized the oath, the deal.

They even decided a name for 

Jungkook

.

He sold his soul for power. Corrupting his holy magic and became a warlock with the demon’s sigil on his back.

“

Amazing how a little boy like you could summon me, one of the Duke.

”

Taehyung chuckled at the praise, the chaos ended when the sun had risen.

The little boy used his other hand to prevent the bright sun rays, Jungkook followed his new master; 

his new prey.


The warlock had one goal deep inside his head and heart, to find his saviour and pay him back one day.

 

Seokjin. 



I will find you and show you what you caused to happen. 



What you had created. 





Chapter End Notes
I took a long hiatus for BTS Fanfic but the idea struck me so here I go ヽ(>∀<☆)ノ Kudos and comments please 	( ˙꒳˙ )



Afterword


End Notes
Ehehe sorry for being messy, if you want to follow for my stories' update and mood-board you can go to my twitter  (*￣▽￣)bLeave me kudos and comments kay


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



