



Milkshakes - Taesexual - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Milkshakes
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17326382.
  


Rating:
Not Rated
Archive Warning:
Major Character Death
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Namjoon | RM, Kim Yugyeom, Kim Mingyu, Original Female Character(s), Original Male Character(s)
Additional Tags:
Romance, Alternate Universe - College/University, deaf!taehyung, Established Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin, Angst, Fluff, Smut, Strangers to Lovers, Jeon Jungkook-centric, Jeon Jungkook is Bad at Feelings, Kim Taehyung | V is a Sweetheart, Kim Seokjin | Jin & Kim Taehyung | V are Siblings, Other Additional Tags to Be Added, jungkook smokes by the way, jungkook isnt really a fuckboy, he just sleeps around, taehyung sweetie I’m so sorry, jungkook sweetie i'm so so sorry, What Have I Done, omg someone stop me, I swear I love yoongi, Top Jeon Jungkook, Bottom Kim Taehyung | V
Stats:

        Published: 2019-01-06
          Completed: 2019-01-26
          Chapters: 26/26
        Words: 37504
      

Milkshakes
by Taesexual
Summary
Jungkook had sworn to himself he'd never fall in love.Now it was even a rule, a rule that said he was never allowed to fall in love - with nobody.He's never once broken the rule, never has he fallen in love, until a certain deaf boy makes him break it.
Notes
hii so new fanfic, my best friend actually came up with this idea, and i'm actually really excited for this one!

          See the end of the work for more notes





één



Jungkook had sworn to himself to never fall in love. After what happened to him in his senior year of high school, he never wanted to fall in love. Besides, all he hears about love is that it hurts. A lot. During his freshman year, he had a couple of girlfriends and boyfriends - he was openly bisexual - but he never actually loved them, nor was he actually really attracted to them. He was just in it for the sex. When he started his sophomore year, he even completely stopped dating people, he just slept around. He was sure he'd slept with at least half of the people on campus by now. He wouldn't hesitate to admit he was a fuckboy, it's not like it made people back off. Though most people on campus wanted Jungkook, even if it was only for one night, he only had a couple of real friends. Jimin - his best friend since elementary school - was the first real friend he ever made. Jungkook will always remember how Jimin was the only person who'd share his crayons with him and compliment his drawings. Even though he'd never admit it, he was thankful for Jimin, and Jimin knew that. Jungkook let out a sigh of relief as the bell finally rang. He couldn't even remember what class he was in, he was just happy it was finally over. He walked outside as some of his friends, though they weren't exactly his friends, followed him. "Hey," Yugyeom called from beside him, "you still coming tonight?" "Of course, wouldn't pass up the chance to get shit-faced and laid." He replied, knowing that by the end of the night he'd be in someone's bed with someone he most likely didn't know beside him. "You know, Eunjoo is coming too, heard from Jisoo that she's had her eye on you for a while." Min Eunjoo was the so-called queen of campus. Jungkook could see why, she was rich and pretty. He knew she'd been crushing on him for a while, she wasn't very subtle. He also knew she was definitely going to try and come onto him at the party. "Hmm. Not really interested in her to be honest." Jungkook said, lighting a cigarette. "Dude, how can you not want her? She's gorgeous and rich!" "Yeah and that's all she is. She's nothing special, really. I'd rather have Minsoo, he's a cutie." Park Minsoo, a shy freshman who always got dragged along to frat parties. Poor thing always seemed terrified. He'd heard from Jimin that Minsoo had a huge, somewhat sad crush on Jungkook. Jungkook had to admit, he'd love to see the shy little freshman panting underneath him, as he begged for more. "Park Minsoo? Really? Jungkook, please, you could have anyone on campus and you want Minsoo?" Mingyu piped up. Jungkook blew out some smoke and chuckled, "Yes, indeed, I could have anyone on campus, including Minsoo. Trust me, by the end of the night, I'll have him in whoever's bed." The others laughed and they parted ways. After a few minutes, Jungkook reached the dorms as he put out out his cigarette. He went inside and before he even reached the door to his dorm he knew Jimin had broken in again. "Jimin, how many times do I need to tell you to stop breaking into my dorm. Youngjae doesn't like it." He said as he opened the door, revealing Jimin and Hoseok, who had probably been dragged along by Jimin. Jung Hoseok, a senior and a good friend to Jungkook. The two had met through Jimin, since both Jimin and Hoseok majored in dance. Hoseok was a fun person, very loud too, and he was easy to get along with, so obviously the two quickly became good friends.  "That's hyung to you."  Jungkook just rolled his eyes, Jimin should know by now that there was no way he was going to call him hyung. "Whatever, can you stop breaking in? As I said, Youngjae doesn't like it."  Youngjae was his roommate, though they get along, they weren't exactly friends. They preferred doing their own things and not bothering the other. "Well that's too bad." Jimin laughed, "Oh by the way, we ate your Doritos." "Hyung! They were mine!" He whined, Jungkook's Doritos were very precious to him. "Now you call me hyung?! Brat."  "Anyways, you guys going to Yugyeom's party tonight?" He asked. "No, I'm going to actually have a good sleep tonight." Hoseok smiled. Jungkook turned to Jimin, "You coming?"  "I'm gonna pass on this one, Yoongi is visiting tomorrow and I want to actually look presentable." Jimin answered. "You know he's going to fuck you no matter what you look like." Hoseok gave him a look. Jimin waved him off, "Oh, Kookie, you know Kim Seokjin, right?" Kim Seokjin was a good friend of Yoongi's and had somehow wiggled his way into Jungkook's social circle. Jungkook nodded as Jimin continued to speak, "So, his little brother is going to be staying with him for some time and he wants him to make some more friends, since he doesn't really have any. So Yoongi suggested you, don't ask me why, and Seokjin said it was a good idea, again don't ask me why, so now I have to ask, would you mind meeting him?" Jungkook gave his friend a look, "Why me?" "Because Yoongi says so."  He sighed, "Is Seokjin's little brother hot?" "You can't sleep with him." "Is he hot though?" "Yes, he's gorgeous actually." "If he's actually gorgeous then why can't I sleep with him?"  "You're supposed to be his friend, not his fuckbuddy."  "Anyways, you're meeting him on Sunday." Sunday, it was Friday now, meaning it would be Sunday in two days. Couldn't Jimin have told him this sooner? He sighed and nodded, Jimin's eyes lit up, "Don't worry, he's really nice." "Fine, now get out, I have a party to get ready for." ------ Soon it was time for Yugyeom's party. Jungkook frist headed to Mingyu's dorm to pick him up.  "Dude, you ready?!" He yelled as he barged in, for some reason Mingyu's dorm was always unlocked, he really was an idiot. "Fuck, just give me a minute!" His friend yelled back. Jungkook plopped himself on the couch as he looked around. Mingyu's dorm was always surprisingly neat, probably Seokmin's doing. Unlike his own dorm, Mingyu's didn't smell like smoke, then again Mingyu doesn't smoke. He says it's 'not good for his health'. Jungkook himself didn't really care about that , he was just going to live every day like it was his last. "Ok, I'm ready." Mingyu's voice snapped him out of his thoughts.  As they walked to the party, Jungkook told Mingyu all about Seokjin's brother. "Jimin didn't tell me anything about him, all I know is that he's related to Jin-hyung and that I'm meeting him on Sunday. Oh and Jimin says he's gorgeous, but I'm not allowed to fuck him" He said as he blew out some smoke. "Then what's the point? They really can't expect you to not fuck him if he's beautiful." Mingyu laughed. "Exactly." The two laughed and continued to walking. The closer they got to the frat house, the more they could hear the loud music. Jungkook could already imagine all the drun k people passed out on the lawn. "You still planning on getting in Minsoo's pants?' "Of course, dude."  As they finally reached the frat house, Yugyeom rushed out. "Kookieee, Gyugyuuuu, you finally made it~" He giggled, obviously drunk. Yugyeom was a giggly drunk, and everyone loved it.  They went inside and as soon as they did Mingyu was off. Yugyeom just grabbed Jungkook and pulled him to the kitchen to get him a drink. "Eunjoo said she's been saving herself for you all night." Yugyeom giggled as Eunjoo herself walked in. "Kookie~ saw you come in. Been waiting for all night~" She slurred. "Too bad you're gonna have to wait some more then." Jungkook pushed her off and walked to the living room. He soon spotted Minsoo standing in a corner with a beer in his hand. Jungkook smirked as he walked over to him.  "Hey, cutie." He winked. "J-Jungkook!" The freshman squeaked. "W-when did you a-arrive?" "Not too long ago. You looked a little lonely though, thought I might keep you some company."  "I-" Minsoo started, but Jungkook cut him off. "Shh, don't speak, just enjoy the moment." He said as he placed his lips on Minsoo's. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Mingyu looking at him while wiggling his eyebrows. After a few seconds he felt Minsoo relax and kiss him back. They made out for a minutes before Jungkook pulled back. "How about we go dance first?" He said, kissing Minsoo again before pulling him to the dance floor.  The two danced, while more like just grinding against each other. Jungkook found himself getting more and more drunk every second. Eventually he found himself making out with Minsoo again. The younger boy moaned into his mouth as their tongues clashed.  "How about we go upstairs?" He asked in between kisses, but he didn't wait for an answer as he dragged the freshman up the stairs, all while still kissing him. It was pretty hard finding a room that wasn't already occupied but once he did, he pushed the younger boy inside and slammed the door. He hungrily kissed Minsoo as the younger boy tugged at his shirt. Before he knew it, they were both naked and Minsoo moaned as Jungkook pounded into him with no mercy. The loud music drowned out the boy's moans, what a shame, he'd heard the boy had very pretty sounding moans. Despite his shy exterior, deep down Minsoo was a huge slut, and right now he wasn't afraid to show it. Jungkook looked at the hickeys he'd left on Minsoo's neck and collarbones, they were definitely going to be there for a few days. He kissed him again as the freshman wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck, the kiss was sloppy, tongues and teeth clashing, but neither of them cared, it was still hot as fuck. As soon as they were finished, they both passed out. ------- The next morning Jungkook woke up with a body next to him. Minsoo. He'd fucked Minsoo last night, he remembered that. He didn't know who's bed he was in, nor did he really care. He had a killer headache and he couldn't find his phone. Seriously where the fuck was his phone? He decided to get dressed and left the room, careful not to wake Minsoo up. As he walked down the stairs he noticed Yugyeom cleaning a bit. He was jealous the guy never suffered from hangovers. "Hey, you hungover?" Yugyeom asked when he spotted Jungkook coming down the stairs. Jungkook just grunted in reply, making Yugyeom chuckle. "Have you seen my phone?" He asked. "Yeah, you left it on the couch." His friend handed him his phone. He noticed a lot of messages from Jimin, what could he possibly want that's so important? 
From: short-hyung
Kookieee, you remember Jin's little brother? I messed up the dates and apparently you're meeting him today 
From: short-hyung
Kookie, I forgot to tell you, we're meeting at that new milkshake place 
From: short-hyung
Also we're meeting at one make sure you're on time 
From: short-hyung
 Kookie are you getting these? 
From: short-hyung
Jungkook answer me 
From: short-hyung
Jeon Jungkook answer me 
From: short-hyung
Oh wait shit you're at that party, make sure you read these tomorrow and BE ON TIMEEEE That was the last text Jimin had sent him. He said they were meeting at one, what time is it now? "Yugy, what time is it?" "About twelve, why? Got a date?" Yugyeom teased. Shit, he needed to hurry up, he reeked of alcohol and sex, he also looked like it, he couldn't meet them looking (and smelling) like this! "Shit!" Yugyeom opened his mouth to speak. "I'll explain later, I gotta go, bye Yugy!"  Jungkook ran off, ignoring his headache as he hoped he would make it in time, he didn't want Jimin to be mad at him, that boy was very scary when he was mad. He rushed back to his dorm, he couldn't remember if he brought his key, but luckily Youngjae was there and opened the door for him. He rushed past his roommate with a quick 'hey' and jumped in the shower. He showered as quickly as he could and threw on the first clothes he saw when he got and dried his hair. He then rushed out the door. Although the milkshake place was close, it would still take him some time to walk there - since he wouldn't survive running with his headache. Shuddering at the thought of Jimin being mad at him for being late, all he could do was set a quick pace and hope for the best.     



twee
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook breathed a sigh of relief as he saw the milkshake place further ahead. Surprisingly he was actually five minutes early. He'd just got a text from Jimin saying he and Yoongi were already inside. As he approached closer to the he place, he figured he could stand by a tree and smoke a bit more before he actually had to in. Jimin always scolded him for smoking, and although he knew it wasn't healthy, he still did it. For some reason smoking was calming for him. Though, he didn't even know why he was nervous in the first place, the guy was probably going to be just as weird as Seokjin, if not weirder.
 
He looked around as he blew out some smoke. There was something very calming about watching the cars pass by. All different kinds, not knowing where they were going, the sound of them passing - it was just very calming to him. After a few minutes a car parked beside the tree Jungkook was leaning against. Observing the car, Jungkook's eyes widened as he realised it was Seokjin's car. Maybe if he looked away Seokjin wouldn't notice him. 
 
Unfortunately for Jungkook, Seokjin noticed him as soon as he got out of the car. He smiled at him, but then gave him a judging look as he noticed the cigarette in Jungkook's hand.
 
"You really gotta stop smoking, kid. You know it makes the chances of you getting cancer much higher, right?" Seokjin said as he shut the car door.
 
Jungkook just shrugged, noticing another man getting out of the car. Jungkook observed the man and couldn't stop his jaw from falling as soon as he saw his face. He was gorgeous, unbelievably gorgeous. Jungkook had seen his fair share of good looking people, but this man was on a whole other level. He had uneven eyes, yet they added to his beauty, he had plump lips, maybe not as plump as Jimin's or Seokjin's, but still plump, he had long eyelashes and, obviously dyed, blond hair.
 
Seokjin chuckled as he noticed Jungkook looking at the, to Jungkook, unknown man.
 
"Whatever, I'm going inside. Jimin is already there." Jungkook said after a few seconds. He took one last look at the man and went inside. What he'd failed to notice though, was that the man was staring at him too, wanting to know who the strange, smoking man was.
 
"Kookie!" Jimin called as spotted Jungkook coming in.
 
"Hyung, please, not so loud." Jungkook rubbed his head as he sat down next to Jimin.
 
"Damn. you must have really be hungover if you're calling me hyung." Jimin laughed.
 
Jungkook just grunted and gave Yoongi a short nod of acknowledgement. 
 
The door opened and in came Seokjin with the beautiful man following him. Seokjin turned to him and made some weird, at least weird to Jungkook, gestures with his hands, to which the man replied with more weird hand gestures. Jungkook had no idea what they meant. Where they some sort of gang signs?   
 
Seokjin then pointed to the table Jungkook, Jimin and Yoongi were sitting at. The man looked over at the table, the turned back to Seokjin and nodded. He made some more weird hand gestures and then started walking towards the table. Jungkook looked at him, and then realised this man was Seokjin's younger brother. The beautiful man, who he'd just shamelessly been staring at. 
 
Jimin smiled at him as he approached the table and sat down across from Jungkook. He smiled back at Jimin, then smiled at Yoongi, who gave a small smile in return, and then he looked at Jungkook. He stared at him for what felt like an eternity, but in reality was only a few seconds and then shot him a shy smile.
 
Jungkook almost wanted to marry him right then and there, he was just so beautiful and adorable. Jungkook quickly smiled back and then returned to his previous position - his arms folded on the table and his head resting on them.
 
"Kookie, don't you want a milkshake? They're really good, they even have ones with alcohol in them." Jimin whispered the last part.
 
Jungkook gave him a look, "Jimin, first of all, you know I don't like milkshakes, second of all, I think I'm still a little drunk, actually." 
 
He looked at the man sitting across from him to see if he looked bothered by Jungkook being obviously hungover, but the man didn't seem to care, he was just looking around, as he rested his head on the palm of his hand. He even looked beautiful doing nothing. Jungkook was now convinced this man wasn't human. He's too pretty to be human.
 
Eventually Seokjin approached the table, holding two milkshakes. Seokjin handed the pink one - strawberry, Jungkook concluded - to the man and placed the white one - obviously vanilla - down in front of himself. 
 
"So," Seokjin started taking a sip of his milkshake, "Jungkook, this is Taehyung, my younger brother." 
 

Taehyung

 
Even his name is beautiful.
 
Kim Taehyung - that has a really nice flow to it.
 
"Hi, I guess." Jungkook said, looking at Taehyung.
 
Jimin started laughing and Jungkook gave him a confused look. 
 
"He can't hear you." Jimin said taking a sip of his own milkshake, it was a strawberry flavoured one, just like Taehyung's.
 
"What? Why not? Is he stupid?" 
 
The last part made Yoongi give him a weird look, "Why would he be stupid if he can't hear you?"
 
"I don't know, maybe he's just so stupid he never learnt how to hear." Although it sounded really dumb, Jungkook was so hungover he wasn't really thinking straight.
 
"He's not stupid, not at all, he's deaf." Seokjin piped up.
 
He was deaf. Of course. Jungkook mentally facepalmed. How did he not figure that out? That's why Taehyung and Seokjin were making those weird hand gestures, they were speaking sign language.
 
"Oh, well tell him I said It's nice to meet him." 
 
Jungkook watched how Seokjin translated what he said to sign language. Taehyung said something, Jungkook obviously having no idea what.
 
"He says it's nice to meet you too." Honestly, Seokjin could've told him that what Taehyung said meant he wanted to conquer Russia and Jungkook would've believed him.
 
Jungkook then remembered that Jimin told him that Taehyung doesn't really have any friend, hence the reason he's here, and he couldn't help but feel bad for him. Obviously people saw his disability as a disease of some sorts and preferred to stay away from him. Jungkook knew what that felt like. Taehyung seemed like a nice guy too. And really, how can people want to stay away from such a beautiful human being.
 
"Haven't you tried a hearing aid for him?" Jungkook couldn't help but ask. 
 
"We've tried everything," Seokjin sighed, "nothing seems to work though. No matter how hard we try, he just can't hear anything." 
 
Taehyung looked up from his milkshake, obviously sensing they were talking about him. He looked at Jungkook and Jungkook gave him a smile, trying to reassure him it was nothing to worry about, Taehyung somehow understood and went back to his milkshake.
 
"Has he always been deaf? Or did something make him deaf?" Jungkook didn't want to be nosy, but he couldn't hep but ask questions.
 
"He was born deaf. We don't know how it happened, but the doctors suggest it could be because of a specific type of medicine they gave our mother when she was pregnant." Seokjin looked over at Taehyung, who just smiled.
 
Despite not being able to hear anything, Taehyung seemed happy. Jungkook actually admired him for that.
 
"Can he speak?" Was it a dumb question? Yes. Did Jungkook realise that? No.
 
"Of course he can speak, he's not a mute. He just prefers not to."
 
"But how do you want me communicate with him if he can't hear me?" 
 
"I don't know, write something down, text him, come on Jungkook, you're not really this dumb." What Seokjin said might've seemed harsh, but it was true, Jungkook wasn't really this dumb.
 
"Anyways, I'm gonna go, got some errands to run." Seokjin said after a few minutes, "Kook, I'm trusting Taehyung with you."
 
"Why not Jimin and Yoongi?"
 
"Yeah! Why not Jimin and Yoongi?!" Jimin yelled sounding offended.
 
"Oh please, you two are gonna end up leaving him somewhere to fuck." 
 
"Babe, he's not wrong." Yoongi chuckled, Jimin just huffed, still feeling offended.
 
After Seokjin had left an awkward silence fell, and for once Jungkook actually wished Seokjin was present.
 
At one point Jungkook held out his phone to Taehyung, trying to say he wanted his number. Taehyung understood and typed in his number.
 

To: Kim Taehyung

hey
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Hey :)
 
For some reason Jungkook's heart melted at the smiley.
 

To: Kim Taehyung

whaddya say we ditch these two ;)
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Jin-hyung says I can't sleep with you, so don't try anything
 

To: Kim Taehyung

i didn't mean it like that
geez does everyone thing so low of me
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Oh, I'm sorry, I just thought you know
 

To: Kim Taehyung

no i didn't mean it like that, i meant as in let's leave these two idiots and go to the park or somethin
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Oh, then I would love to! :)
 
"God, he's so cute."
 
"Who is?" Jimin piped up, shit , he said that out loud.
 
"Uh, the barista." Nice cover, Jungkook. Thank you, Jungkook.
 
Jimin just shrugged and averted his attention back to Yoongi.
 

To: Kim Taehyung

lets go now, they're so caught up in each other they won't notice we left
 
Taehyung nodded as Jungkook stood up, he honestly didn't even really care whether Jimin and Yoongi noticed them, What were they going to do about it? Tell on them? What's the worst Seokjin could do, anyways.
 
Jungkook walked out of the milkshake place as Taehyung followed. They went to the park. Despite it being the afternoon it wasn't really busy. The two laid on the grass, which was surprisingly dry even though it was January. Taehyung looked at the sky as Jungkook lit a cigarette. Taehyung didn't seem to have a problem with Jungkook smoking. He noticed the boy looking at him, so he held out the cigarette to him, but Taehyung just smiled and shook his head no.
 
There was a silence between them, it wasn't an awkward silence though, more like a comfortable silence. Jungkook blew out some smoke as he heard his phone beep.
 

From: Kim Taehyung

So can you tell me more about you?
 

To: Kim Taehyung

like what?
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Just like you're introducing yourself, you know?
 

To: Kim Taehyung

well my full name is jeon jungkook, im 20, im originally from busan, im a sophomore in college and i major in art
now tell me more about you
 

From: Kim Taehyung

You already know my full name, I'm 21 (meaning I'm your hyung ;)), I used to go to a special school for people with disabilities, but I'd love to go to a real school
 

To: Kim Taehyung

then why dont you
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Because I'm deaf and hearing aids don't work
 
Taehyung looked up from his phone to Jungkook, only to find him shamelessly staring at him. Jungkook gave him a sympathetic smile. Although the two hadn;t known each other for long, Taehyung felt comfortable around Jungkook. Jungkook himself, liked how the silence between them wasn't awkward at all, like how it usually is with people who've only just met. Taehyung liked it too, he also liked how he didn't feel like Jungkook was judging him for being deaf. 
 
The two laid there for a while, enjoying the silence. Somehow Taehyung's hand had found its way into Jungkook's. Both of them secretly hoping the other didn't pull their hand away. And neither of them did. 
 



Chapter End Notes
Namjoon will be in this fic too, don’t worry!
And i’m not exactly satisfied with this chapter but oh well


drie
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




It had been a week since Jungkook met Taehyung and they'd been texting non-stop. Taehyung was really taking up Jungkook's time, he even slept with only five people this week! To some people that may seem a lot, but for Jungkook, it's a new record for the least amount of people he's slept with in one week.
 
"You know, when Jin-hyung introduced you to Taehyung, we just wanted you two to be friends, and when I say friends I mean, just casual friends, not this." Jimin said, seeing as Jungkook was completely ignoring him for Taehyung.
 
"Kookie, can you stop ignoring me?" Jimin said after a few minutes of silence. 
 
"Kookie. Kook. Jungkook." Jimin whined as he started poking Jungkook's cheek. 
 
"What?" Jungkook replied, obviously getting annoyed. 
 
"You're ignoring me." Jimin pouted.
 
"You invited yourself over, I'm not entitled to entertaining you." 
 
"But i was bored." Jimin whined again.
 
"Then go find Hobi-hyung or Namjoon-hyung and go bother them." 
 
"Maybe I will." Jimin huffed as he walked out of Jungkook's dorm.
 
Jungkook just sighed in relief as he could finally focus on Taehyung again.
 

From: Kim Taehyung

And that's the story of how I fell off the monkey bars and broke my arm
 

To: Kim Taehyung

sounds painful
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Trust me, it was
Question, why do you never use capital letters
 

To: Kim Taehyung

idk, te be edgy i guess
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Oh ok :)
 

To: Kim Taehyung

anyways, gotta go, got a party to get ready for
i'll text you later?
 

From: Kim Taehyung

I'll be waiting :)
 
Jungkook smiled as he put down his phone. Yugyeom was throwing another party, which should've already started, and he still had to get ready and pick Mingyu up.
 
He decided on a white shirt and some jeans. He also throw on a leather jacket, because leather jackets make him look hot.
 

To: mingyu

dude you better be ready this time
 
--------
 
Mingyu was not ready.
 
"For fucks sake, dude, I could've been smashed by now." Jungkook sighed as he dropped on the couch.
 
"Fuck off." Mingyu replied, still getting his pants on.  
 
"I don't even see why you're putting on pants, they're gonna be off by the end of the night." Jungkook huffed.
 
"Fuck off."
 
After about twenty minutes Mingyu was finally ready and the two headed towards the frat house.
 
"How did the meeting with Seokjin, was it?" Jungkook nodded, "How did the meeting with Seokjin's little brother go?" 
 
Jungkook hadn't told his 'friends' about Taehyung. It's not like they were going to do anything to him, but he just preferred to keep Taehyung to himself. Taehyung was Jungkook's little secret.
 
"Oh, just, you know." Jungkook answered vaguely.
 
Mingyu decided not to say anything, though it was probably just because he actually couldn't care less.
 
"Kookieeee!!" Yugyeom slurred as they got to the frat house. Yugyeom running out of the house when Jungkook and Mingyu arrived had become some sort of tradition now. He did it every time.
 
Yugyeom pulled Jungkook and Mingyu inside and proceeded to pull them to the kitchen. He gave them both a drink and Jungkook chugged his down as fast as he could.
 
"Damn, slow down dude, you've got all night." Mingyu laughed.
 
Jungkook shrugged and went to the living room to dance.
 
As the night went on, Jungkook got more and more drunk, he knew he wasn't going to remember anything in the morning. Eventually he found himself dancing with some gril named Seohyun, he was sure he had a class with her, but he couldn't remember which one. Seohyun was a very pretty girl, she was very petite and had long black hair and sparkling brown eyes.
 
At one point Jungkook found himself making out with Seohyun, though he pushed her off at one point, he felt Seohyun pulling him back in as she placed her lips back on Jungkook's. The kiss became hungrier and sloppier.
 
Before he knew it, Jungkook was dragging Seohyun upstairs, still kissing her. As soon as he found a room, he threw her on the bed and kissed her again.
 
-------
 
The next morning, Jungkook woke up with Seohyun next to him. He didn't remember anything - as expected - that happened after he threw her on the bed and kissed her again, though maybe it was for the best.
 
Jungkook sat up and immediately clutched his head, hangovers are such bitches. He got out of bed and stumbled a bit, before trying to find his clothes. He'd lost his phone again somewhere along the line. As soon as he'd put on his clothes, he left the room, luckily for him, Seohyun was showing no signs of waking up anytime soon.
 
"Hey, ypu left your phone on the couch again." Yugyeom chuckled as Jungkook walked down the stairs and sat down on one of the bar stools. At least he knew where his phone was.
 
"Ya know, your boyfriend seemed pretty worried about you last night." Yugyeom piped up as Jungkook clutched his head.
 
"Boyfriend?" He grunted.
 
"Yeah, you have a thousand messages from this person saved as 'Kim Taehyung', he must be pretty close to you if he's worried about you." 
 
Oh right. He'd told Taehyung he'd text him later. He didn't expect Taehyung to take 'later' as later that night though.
 
"Gimme that." Jungkook said as he grabbed the phone from Yugyeom. Yugyeom wasn't lying, Taehyung did send him a lot of messages.
 

From: Kim Taehyung

 
Hey :)
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Jungkook, you there?
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Jungkook
 

From: Kim Taehyung

I know you're at a party but you said you'd text me later :(
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Now is later Kookie :(
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Can I call you Kookie?
 

From: Kim Taehyung

I'm sorry if I'm annoying you
 

From: Kim Taehyung

It's just that you're my only friend and speaking to you is the highlight of my day
 

From: Kim Taehyung

It may sound a bit much, but it's true
 

From: Kim Taehyung

I really like speaking to you, so I really hope I'm not annoying you
 

From: Kim Taehyung

I'm going to go to sleep now, text me when you read these?
 
Jungkook felt really bad reading those texts Taehyung had sent him. Never could Taehyung annoy him, not even if he tried. Also, knowing that talking to him was the highlight of Taehyung's day, made him feel all warm and fuzzy inside - Jungkook hated this feeling.
 

To: Kim Taehyung

tae, im sorry, i was drunk and didn't think of it, im really sorry
can i cll you tae? 
i'd love it if you called me kookie btw
and you could never annoy me
 
Jungkook waited a few minutes before his phone beeped and he almost dropped it with how fast he reacted.
 

From: short-hyung

Hey, Yoongi and I are going for ice cream, you wanna come? You could ask Tae to come too ;)
 
Oh, it was just Jimin.
 

To: short-hyung

jimin it's january
 

From: short-hyung

So? 
Anyways you wanna come or not? and if you are is Tae coming or not?
 

To: short-hyung

idk, i'll ask him
 

To: Kim Taehyung

hey, wanna go for ice cream? to make up for forgetting to text you
 
"Are you sure he's not your boyfriend?" Jungkook jumped and almost phone as Yugyeom suddenly spoke, apparently he'd been reading over jungkook's shoulder the entire time.
 
"Dude, don't do that! I almost punched you in the face!"
 
Yugyeom just laughed as Jungkook's phone beeped, this time it was Taehyung.
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Oh thank goodness I'm not annoying you :)
And yes, I'd love to with you!
 
Jungkook smiled and quickly texted Jimin.
 

To: short-hyung

yeah, we're coming, but we're not gonna be sitting with you and yoongi-hyung, we want to actually eat our ice cream
 

From: short-hyung

Or you just want Tae to yourself ;)
 

To: short-hyung

no i dont, fuck off
 

From: short-hyung

Whatever, but you can buy your own ice cream then, be a gentleman and buy one for Tae~
 
-------
 
Jungkook ended up picking Taehyung up around two o'clock, Taehyung had whined over text about how he wanted to go to the milkshake place instead. Eventually Jungkook just gave in and they went to the milkshake place.
 
Taehyung had told him, via text of course, he wanted a strawberry milkshake (what is it with this boy and strawberry milkshakes?), since Jungkook was offering to pay, and went to find them a table. As Jungkook stood in the queue, Taehyung was making weird faces at him from the booth he was sitting in. Normally he'd be embarrassed, but since it was Taehyung he couldn't help but laugh, ignoring the weird looks people were giving him.
 
A few minutes after he'd ordered, he got the milkshake. Taehyung made grabby hands at it as Jungkook approached the table. Jungkook just laughed as he placed the milkshake in front of the blond boy. He just stared at Taehyung as he drank his milkshake, though at one point Taehyung stopped drinking and grabbed his phone.
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Stop staring at meeee
 

To: Kim Taehyung

got nothing else to do tho
 

From: Kim Taehyung

Then why didn't you get anything
 

To: Kim Taehyung

dont like milkshakes
 
Taehyung at the text Jungkook sent, how could he not like milkshakes?! Milkshakes are a gift from god himself!
 

From: Kim Taehyung

What?! How can you not- I mean what?
Have you ever tried these ones though?
The milkshakes from this place are so good!!!
 
Jungkook looked up from his phone and shook his head at Taehyung. Taehyung then shifted around the booth, taking his milkshake with him. When Taehyung finally reached Jungkook , he held the milkshake up in the air, telling Jungkook to try it.
 
Jungkook shook his head again as he pulled it back, only to be held back by Taehyung's hand on the back of his neck. Taehyung then brought the milkshake closer to Jungkook as the boy kept on shaking his head and couldn't help but laugh. Taehyung started laughing too, he started laughing out loud.
 
Jungkook's head snapped towards Taehyung and he stared at him. His laugh was beautiful. Jungkook was now also a step closer to finding out what his voice sounded like. Judging from his laugh, he guessed his voice was deep, very deep. 
 
Taehyung stopped laughing, because Jungkook had stopped smiling - at least he thought he was smiling, he could've been laughing - and was now just staring at him. Oh no, he'd laughed out loud, hadn't he? Jungkook hated his laugh, didn't he? Taehyung opened his mouth and closed it again a few times as he slowly backed away from Jungkook.
 
About thirty minutes later, Taehyung had finished his milkshake and the two left in silence. The car ride back to Seokjin's place was silent. Unlike the last time, this silence wasn't a comfortable one, it was an awkward one, and neither Jungkook nor Taehyung liked it.
 
Jungkook dropped Taehyung off at Seokjin's place and drove off, leaving the blond boy alone. Taehyung sighed as he opened the door, took one last look in the direction Jungkook drove off in and went inside. Seokjin wasn't there and Taehyung was actually relieved he wasn't. He fell on his bed with a sigh, now things were awkward between him and Jungkook. He'd finally made a friend and he just had to ruin it!
 
Taehyung sighed again as he picked up his phone. He noticed a text from Jungkook.
 

From: Jungkookie

your laugh is beautiful
 
Taehyung smiled as he read the text. Not only did Jungkook not mind his laugh, he even thought it was beautiful. Taehyung sighed in relief, he blushed as he couldn't stop thinking about Jungkook.
 
Unbeknownst to Taehyung though, a certain brown haired boy couldn't stop thinking about him either.



Chapter End Notes
oooo we're actually getting somewhere now
i have this entire fanfic planned out, and honestly y'all are in for a wild ride, so everyone buckle up! (ignore me trying to be funny)


vier
Chapter Notes
sooo, taehyung-centered chapter here!! basically it's kinda the story (summarised) from taehyung's perspective and also a bit of taehyung's background
also when the text is in italics it means they're speaking in sign language (only the bit where tae is talking to his parents)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




A week had passed since the incident at the milkshake place. Since then, Taehyung couldn't stop thinking about what Jungkook had said. Jungkook was the first person who'd ever told him his laugh was beautiful. Hell, Jungkook was the first person who'd ever wanted to be friends with him.
 
You see, Taehyung wasn't always as happy as he seemed. When he was younger, none of the kids in the street wanted to play with him. They told him his disability (well, Seokjin told him, they told Seokjin) would only hold them back, would only hold him back. Taehyung would always come back home in tears. He'd lay in bed, crying and wishing he could just hear.
 
His parents and Seokjin would always try to reassure him, telling him, in sign language of course, his disability didn't make him any less of a person. Though, deep down, Taehyung always had this feeling that it did somehow make him less of a person. Most people had five senses, he only had four.
 
As Taehyung grew up, he learnt to accept it. Then another problem occurred, he was gay. The problem wasn't the fact that he was gay, it was more that he was scared of how people were going to react - especially his parents and Seokjin.
 
He came out at age sixteen. His parents and his brother were really supportive. A weight had been lifted from his shoulders. But, he only ever had one boyfriend after he'd come out. A lot of guys rejected him because he was deaf. They saw him being deaf as some kind of disease and they were afraid to catch it, what a bunch of idiots. Though Taehyung could deal with the rejection, the reason he was rejected brought back a previously overcome insecurity - he was deaf. 
 
Because of the fact his insecurity came back, he didn't really make any friends. He was pretty much friendless. Although, he was never good at making friends in the first place. When Seokjin told him he was going to be introduced to Jungkook, a friend of a friend according to Seokjin, he was a nervous, really nervous. This Jungkook guy was most likely going to judge him too, like all the others. This Jungkook guy was most likely going to want to stay away from him too, like all the others. This Jungkook guy was most likely going to hate him, just like all the others. He was sure of it. 
 
When that Saturday came, Taehyung was a nervous wreck. He even tried to act like he was sick! Seokjin didn't buy it though. Seokjin had pulled him along as he almost begged to just stay home. Though, he knew Seokjin was only doing something nice, something a lot of people wouldn't do for their siblings, he didn't understand why. Jungkook was only going to judge him, just like evryone else did.
 
When they arrived at the milkshake place they'd arranged to meet at, Taehyung was glad it was this place, it was his favourite, there was a man standing outside. He was smoking, and he seemed to know his brother. Was that the Jungkook guy? Taehyung sure as hell wouldn't mind if he was. 
 
Turns out, that guy was indeed Jungkook. He was sat at a table with Yoongi and his boyfriend - Jimin - and he was resting his head on his arms. He seemed like he did not want to be there. It made Taehyung's heart sink a little and it made him more nervous.
 
Eventually he was introduced to Jungkook, and Seokjin had left them with Yoongi and Jimin. After about ten minutes of (a very awkward) silence, Jungkook had told him they should ditch the other two. They did. They went to the park and laid there, in the grass, the silence no longer awkward, instead it was comfortable.
 
Taehyung looked at his father as yet another hearing device was presented to him. He knew it wasn't going to work, nothing worked. He tried the device and, as expected, it didn't work. Taehyung sighed as he shook his head. His father gave him a sympathetic smile as he sat down next to him.
 
"We'll find something, we'll find something that works." His father told him. 
 
Taehyung looked at him, "Just give up, nothing works, I'm sick of it." 
 
His father sighed and hugged him, "Don't worry, there has to be something that works. We'll find something. Don't give up" He said.
 
Taehyung pulled away from the hug and shook his head, "I gave up ages ago, nothing we've tried has ever worked, and nothing we're going to try is going to work."
 
Taehyung's father sighed again and left the room, leaving Taehyung alone. Taehyung sighed again as he held the device in his hand. Tears welled up in his eyes as he stared art it. Why couldn't he just hear? Why did he have to go through this?
 
Tears streamed down Taehyung's cheeks as he clutched the device in his hand. He thought back to when he met Jungkook. He remembered how he was so sure Jungkook was going to judge for being deaf, yet the man didn't.
 
Jungkook didn't judge him like the others did. Jungkook didn't stay away from him like the others did. Jungkook didn't hate him like the others did. Jungkook wanted to be his friend. More tears streamed down his cheeks as he clutched the device harder. It was always the same sotry. Never had a hearing device that had been presented to him worked. Every time he tried it, he still couldn't hear anything. He hated it. He hated how he couldn't hear. He hated how people judged him for it. He hated how people judged him for something he had no control over. He hated it. 
 
After a few minutes Taehyung felt a presence beside him. He looked over and saw his mother, he hadn't even noticed her come in. His mother didn't say anything but instead just wrapped her arms around her son and Taehyung started full on sobbing.
 
His mother rubbed his back as Taehyung cried into her shoulder. They stayed like that for a few minutes, until Taehyung pulled away from the hug. 
 
"It's not fair." He told his mother, tears still streaming down his cheeks.
 
"I know, sweetheart." His mother gave him a sympathetic smile and pulled him in for another hug.
 
Later that night, Taehyung laid on his bed as he stared at the ceiling. He thought back tot the week before. How he actually laughed, laughed out loud, in Jungkook's presence.
 
Your laugh is beautiful - is what Jungkook had told him.
 
It was the first time someone had ever told him his laugh was beautiful. He couldn't help but smile thinking about it. He couldn't help but smile thinking about that day. He couldn't help but smile thinking about Jungkook. Jungkook.
 
Jeon Jungkook - his name was perfect, just like him. 
 
Sure, he had his flaws too, he smokes, he drinks - a lot, he could be an asshole, though never to Taehyung, he slept around a lot, though he'd never tried to make a move on Taehyung. Yet, in Taehyung's eyes, he was perfect.
 
In Taehyung's eyes, he was the sweetest guy ever. Others would say it was too early for Taehyung to know. Too early for Taehyung to know he liked him. But Taehyung knew. He knew. After two weeks of knowing him, he liked him.
 
Taehyung liked Jungkook.



Chapter End Notes
oooo tae likes jungkook, does kookie like him back tho? that is the question
hope y'all liked it!! <3


vijf
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook hoisted up his pants and looked at the boy laying in bed. The boy he'd fucked the night before was dead asleep. Jungkook chuckled, most people could handle him for at least two rounds. This boy had passed out after only one.
 
Although Jungkook enjoyed seeing the boy getting torn apart underneath him, something was off. He didn't know what it was, and it was really bothering him. He took one last look at the sleeping figure and left the boy's dorm. 
 
Instead of going back to his own dorm, he decided to go and bother Jimin.
 
"Jiminieee~" He singsonged as knocked on the door.
 
"What do you want?" Jimin opened the door and Jungkook pushed past him.
 
"Can I not want to hang out with my best friend without wanting something?"
 
Jimin gave him a look, "You've been ignoring me for Taehyung for the past two weeks. So, what do you want? Make it quick, because I have Yoongi waiting for me in bed." - disgusting, it was early in the morning.
 
Jungkook gave him a disgusted look and sighed as he threw himself on the couch, "Every time I sleep with someone, it feels off, and it's bothering me." 
 
Jimin sighed, "Babe, he's not leaving any time soon!" He called.
 
Jungkook heard a curse come from the bedroom and a few seconds later a shirtless Yoongi appeared.
 
"What is it, kid." He grunted as he sat on the couch next to Jungkook.
 
"Don't mind him, he gets grumpy when he doesn't get laid." Jimin said as he shamelessly crawled onto Yoongi's lap.
 
Yoongi wrapped his arms around his boyfriend's waist and pulled him close, while Jimin peppered his face with kisses. It was a sickening, yet somewhat cute sight. Jungkook sometimes wished he had that too, just someone who he could hug and kiss whenever he felt like it. Sometimes he too wished he had someone he loved, but he couldn't fall in love. He didn't want to, he didn't have time too.
 
After a few minutes Jungkook awkwardly coughed because the couple had seemed to forget he was still there. The two broke apart and Jimin rested his head on Yoongi's as the elder nuzzled his face into his boyfriend's neck.
 
"So, what's wrong?" Jimin asked as he threaded his fingers through Yoongi's hair.
 
Jungkook sighed, "I don't know, that's the thing, whenever I sleep with someone-"
 
"We don't want to hear abput your sex life, Jungkook." Yoongi cut him off.
 
"That's not what I was going to talk about!" Jungkook snapped, "As I was saying, whenever I sleep with someone, , it just feels off, like it's wrong, you know? Like I shouldn't be doing it."
 
Jimin nodded, "Has it ever happened before?" He asked.
 
Jungkook shook his head and Jimin nodded slowly.
 
"How long have you been feeling like this?" He asked after a few minutes of him just slowly nodding.
 
"I don't know, since like, last week? Something like that." Jungkook wasn't sure what Jimin was trying to get at, but he knew better than to go against him. Jimin somehow always got to the bottom of things, whether or not you wanted him to .
 
Jimin just nodded. He then pulled Yoongi's head to the side and whispered something in his ear. Yoongi then whispered something back, they bumped noses and Jimin pulled his boyfriend in for a kiss. Again, it was a cute sight and it had Jungkook once again wishing he had someone to love too.
 
Someone who he could hug and kiss, someone who he could hold, someone who could hold him, someone he loved, someone who loved him, someone like Taehy- wait what? He was not thinking of Taehyung. He was not thinking of him and Taehyung being a couple. He was not.
 
Jungkook awkwardly coughed as the couple got carried away again, "You guys, I'm still here." 
 
The two pulled away and returned to their previous position. Jimin just stared at Jungkook with a creepy smile.
 
"What?"
 
"You like someone~"
 
No. No, he did not like someone. He did not like someone. He couldn't like someone.
 
Jungkook scoffed, "I do not."
 
"Yeah, you do~" Jimin teased.
 
"I do not."
 
"Do to."
 
"Do not."
 
"Do to."
 
He did not. Why the fuck did Jimin not understand that?
 
"Hypothetically speaking, if I did like someone, who would come to mind." Jungkook was genuinely curious as to see who Jimin thought he liked.
 
Jimin looked at Jungkook, then at Yoongi, then back to Jungkook, before smirking.
 
"Taehyung." The couple said at the same time.
 
Taehyung? Really? Of all people, they thought he liked Taehyung? He'd only known the guy for two weeks!
 
"Tae? Really?"
 
"Aww, you call him Tae~" Jimin fanboyed. Yoongi chuckled at the sight of his boyfriend and pulled him closer, if it was possible.
 
"Yeah, I call him Tae, but that doesn't mean I like him!" Jungkook snapped. He stood up and left the dorm, seeing as Jimin was clearly not believing him.
 
He went back to his own dorm and threw himself on his bed when he got there. Jimin was just being stupid, he did not like Taehyung, he did not like anyone.
 
His phone beeped and he grabbed it, in the hopes it was Taehyung, only to find out it was just Jimin. 
 

From: short-hyung

Just admit you like Tae~ it's not that hard Kookie~
 

To: short-hyung

only i can call him tae and i do not like him
 

From: short-hyung

Ughhhh why are you so afraid to like him, or anyone for that matter?
 

To: short-hyung

i have my reasons
 

From: short-hyung

But what ARE those reasons
 

To: short-hyung

i cant tell you
 

From: short-hyung

Why not?
 

To: short-hyung

i just cant, i'll tell you eventually, but i cant tell you now
 
He couldn't tell Jimin. It would break the poor boy. He couldn't tell anyone, not Jimin, not Yoongi, not Taehyung. Taehyung. He definitely couldn't tell Taehyung. He really couldn't tell Taehyung he - gosh, he didn't even want to think about it!
 
His phone beeped again and Jungkook quickly wiped away the tears that had welled up in his eyes. He grabbed the phone and couldn't help but smile a bit when he saw it was Taehyung.
 
From: Taetae <3 (Taehyung's doing)
Hey :) you wanna go for a milkshake?
 

To: Taetae <3

what is it with you and milkshakes
but yeah i'll go
 

From: Taetae <3

Yayyyy
Pick me up at 3?
 

To: Taetae <3

see you then
 

From: Taetae <3

Can't wait :)
 
Jungkook smiled, Taehyung was so adorable. He wouldn't admit it, but he couldn't wait either. He loved being with Taehyung. There was something about that made Jungkook feel so wanted. Something about him that made Jungkook feel so happy. Something about him that made Jungkook feel so-
 
Ok, maybe he did like him.
 
He looked at his background, it was a picture of Taehyung (again, Taehyung's doing). The little shit had broken into Jungkook's phone and changed his background and contact name for him. Jungkook just hadn't got around to changing it yet. He took another look at the picture and couldn't help but smile.
 
Ok, he definitely liked him. Fuck.
 
Jungkook liked Taehyung.



Chapter End Notes
jungkook: i Do nOT LiKe tAehYUnG
also jungkook: tae is so adorable and beautiful and i just want him to be mine and i love him
hope y'all liked it!! <3


zes
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Jungkook picked Taehyung up at three o'clock, just like they'd arranged. They went to the milkshake place, Jungkook really needed to learn the name of that place, and Taehyung got a strawberry milkshake, whereas Jungkook settled on some coffe - which he didn't even they had.
 
They sat in the same booth they sat in last time. They sat in silence and Jungkook once again stared at Taehyung as he drank his milkshake. Taehyung smiled and grabbed his phone when he saw Jungkook staring.
 

From: Taetae <3

Stop staring at meeee
 

To: Taetae <3

got nothing else to do sweets
 
Taehyung looked at Jungkook and furrowed his eyebrows. 
 

From: Taetae <3

Sweets?
 
Jungkook looked at Taehyung and just smiled.
 

To: Taetae <3

just a cute nickname
 
He looked up again and noticed Taehyung blushing. The boy quickly put his phone down and went back to drinking his milkshake. After a few minutes, Jungkook started making faces at him. Taehyung ignored him at first, but eventually he burst out laughing. That beautiful laughter Jungkook had longed to hear again, he finally heard it.
 
Jungkook took a sip of his coffee as he stared at Taehyung again, taking in all of his beauty, his eyes, his eyelashes, the little moles on his face, his lips, the way they wrapped around the straw, Jungkook wondered what it would be like to kiss him. Was he a good kisser? Would he want to kiss Jungkook too? He would look so pretty, probably all shy and flustered if Jungkook kissed him. He would look so pretty with Jungkook's fingers in his mouth, as he sucked on them. He would look so pretty with his lips wrapped around - no, stop it Jungkook. You shouldn't be thinking about Taehyung like this!
 
Jungkook shook his head and looked at Taehyung again. He couldn't help but smile - wow, he really did like him. He noticed Taehyung looking at the table, specifically his hand, which was in Jungkook's. He hadn't even noticed he'd grabbed Taehyung's hand, but he didn't want to let go either. Taehyung's hand was big and soft, it fit perfectly into Jungkook's - they looked so much like a couple. 
 
Jungkook pulled his hand away and muttered a 'sorry', forgetting Taehyung couldn't hear him. The two stared at each pother for a few minutes, then awkwardly looked down and focused on their drinks. As Jungkook stared at his coffee, he unconsciously grabbed Taehyung's hand again, failing to notice the bright smile Taehyung sported. 
 
After they'd finished their drinks, they just sat there, staring at each other and enjoying each other's presence. They sat there for at least two hours, until Taehyung decided he wanted to leave.
 
As Jungkook drove him home, Taehyung stared out of the window. Taehyung stared at Jungkook's reflection, his side profile was perfect. Taehyung sighed as he realised he liked Jungkook more than he thought. 
 
When they arrived at Seokjin's - and now Taehyung's too - place, Jungkook got out of the car too. Unlike last time, where he just drove off, he followed Taehyung to the door. When Taehyung opened the door and went inside, he turned around and saw Jungkook standing there, looking down at his feet. Taehyung grabbed Jungkook's hand, which made the younger look at him, and pulled him inside.
 
Jungkook closed the door and curiously looked around. The hallway had marble walls and white tiles covering the floor. Jungkook always knew Taehyung's family was rich, but he didn't think Seokjin's house would look this nice - or maybe it was just normal, but it just looked nice because because he was living in some crappy dorm.
 
Taehyung came back and gave Jungkook a confused look as to why he was just standing there. Taehyung beckoned him over and Jungkook pointed at his shoes, asking if he should take them off. Taehyung nodded and once Jungkook had taken them off, he pulled the younger boy along into the living room.
 
The living room was nice, very nice. It had the same marble walls as the hallway, but instead of white tiles, it had wood covering the floor, a nice light borwn wood.
 
Taehyung jumped onto the couch and beckoned Jungkook over. Jungkook slowly walked over and sat down next to Taehyung. Taehyung noticed how nervous Jungkook seemed, he grabbed a notebook and a pen and wrote something down. 
 
Jungkook furrowed his eyebrows as he noticed Taehyung writing something down. He read along over his shoulder, 'you don't have to be so nervous, kookie, you're not meeting the queen' It read. Jungkook breathed a sigh of relief, he didn't even know why he was so nervous in the firt place, like Taehyung said, he wasn't meeting the queen.
 
Jungkook noticed Taehyung writing something down again. After a few seconds, Taehyung held the notebook up at Jungkook.
 
'hyung isn't home' It read.
 
Jungkook then nodded, he then took the notebook from Taehyung and started writing something himself.
 

'What do you wanna do then?'

 
Taehyung shrugged. The two sat in silence for a few minutes, until Taehyung jumped up and ran into another room. After a few seconds, Jungkook heard his phone beep.
 

From: Taetae <3

Wanna watch a movie?
 

To: Taetae <3

sure
 
After a few minutes Taehyung came back with whatever movie he'd found and put it on. Jungkook didn't know the movie, nor did he really care about it. Jungkook wasn't paying attention to the movie at all,  he was too busy staring at Taehyung. He guessed the boy really liked the movie, because he seemed so engrossed in it.
 
Jungkook slowly shifted closer to Taehyung, Hoping the elder didn't notice, he didn't because he was too engrossed in the movie. He shifted even closer to Taehyung and tried wrapping his arm around Taehyung, the elder leaned into his side and rested his head on Jungkook's shoulder. Once again, they looked so much like a couple. Jungkook then decided to go another step further and rested his head on Taehyung's head - just like Jimin and Yoongi always did, he could see why, it was quite comfortable. 
 
The movie ended, but neither of them pulled away. Jungkook decided to wrap his arms around Taehyung's waist and Taehyung completely leaned into his touch. They stayed like that, just cuddling and basking in each other's silence. Taehyung nuzzled his face into Jungkook's neck and the younger threaded his fingers through his hair. The smell of coconut filled Jungkook's nostrils as he nuzzled his face into Taehyung's hair.
 
"Oh, hey, Jungkook." The sound of Seokjin's voice had him almost jumping five feet into the air.
 
Taehyung gave him a confused look as to why he'd suddenly jumped. Jungkook nodded his head towards Seokjin, who smiled. When Taehyung noticed Seokjin, he scrambled to get off Jungkook and the two quickly shifted to opposite ends of the couch. Seokjin tilted his head a bit. Where they doing something he wasn't supposed to know about? From where he was standing, it looked like they were just cuddling but it was hard to see because the couch was covering - oh. 
 
Seokjin said 'hello' to his brother and proceeded to walk to the kitchen. Both Taehyung and Jungkook watched him go and then stared at each other, they couldn't help but burst out laughing. Taehyung then pulled Jungkook off the couch and along to another room - Jungkook assumed it was his bedroom.
 
Taehyung fell onto the bed, pulling Jungkook down with him. He immediately latched onto the younger's side. He draped his arm over Jungkook's chest and laid his head on his shoulder. Jungkook wrapped his arms around Taehyung's waist and closed his eyes, enjoying the silence.
 
Taehyung stared at Jungkook, he was so perfect, he wanted to kiss him so bad. He stroked his cheek. Jungkook opened his eyes at the feeling of Taehyung's hand. He looked at him, straight in the eyes. They stared at each other for a few minutes, wanting to kiss each other so bad. Their eyes flickered to the other's lips and then back to their eyes. They slowly leaned in, lips slightly brushing against each other.
 
Jungkook pulled away, opening his mouth and closing it again. He almost kissed Taehyung! Taehyung looked at him with big eyes. Taehyung rolled on his back and Jungkook hovered over him. Before he knew it, Jungkook was leaning down, he stopped for a bit to take in Taehyung's beauty, he then continued leaning down. The tips of their noses brushed. Jungkook paused for a second, was he really about to kiss Taehyung? Jungkook tilted his head a bit. Fuck it. Jungkook leaned in and pressed his lips agains Taehyung's.
 
Jungkook kissed Taehyung.
 



Chapter End Notes
:0


zeven
Chapter Notes
the calm before the storm

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jungkook pulled away from Taehyung and their eyes met. He'd just kissed him. Jungkook had just kissed Taehyung. The two stared at each other, neither could believe they'd just kissed each other.
 
"I-" Jungkook started, but then quickly shut up when he remembered Taehyung couldn't hear him. 
 
Taehyung cupped Jungkook's face and brought it close to him.
 
"Don't talk. Don't worry. Just live in the moment." He whispered.
 
Jungkook's eyes widened, Taehyung just talked. His voice was absolutely stunning. Jungkook sat up and looked at Taehyung. His eyes scanned the elder's face and he stroked his cheek. Jungkook's thumb traced the outline of Taehyung's bottom lip. Their eyes met and before he could process what he was doing, Jungkook leaned down again.
 
Jungkook paused for a second and looked at Taehyung's lips. Taehyung told him to live in the moment. Taehyung told him not to worry. They'll figure it out, maybe not right now, but they will. Jungkook cupped Taehyung's face and pressed his lips against Taehyung's.
 
Taehyung melted into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Jungkook's neck as the younger's wrapped around his waist. The kiss was passionate, yet delicate. So full of passion, yet still so delicate. Jungkook pulled away and pressed his forehead against Taehyung's. They smiled and kissed again.
 
Jungkook ended up staying the night, Taehyung insisting Seokjin wouldn't mind. They didn't get much sleep, though. The night was filled with laughter and kisses. Neither of them knew what they were, but they didn't care.
 
Jungkook loved the feeling of Taehyung's lips against his. It's like their lips fit perfectly, it may sound odd, but it was true.
 
Jungkook loved the way Taehyung wrapped his arms around his neck when he kissed him.
 
Jungkook loved the way Taehyung slightly gasped when their tongues met.
 
Jungkook loved it all.
 
They pulled away from yet another kiss and Taehyung laid his head on Jungkook's shoulder. Jungkook pulled him close and kissed his forehead. He felt Taehyung nuzzling his face in the crook of his neck and Jungkook stroked his hair.
 
Jungkook's thumb stroked the back of Taehyung's hand. He kissed Taehyung's forehead again, then his nose, then his lips, then his nose again and finally his forehead again. Taehyung slightly sat up and looked at Jungkook. He smiled before leaning down to kiss him.
 
They didn't care whether the kisses were chaste or passionate, they didn't care whether they would ever do it again or not (though they secretly hoped they would), they didn't care whether the kisses led to something more or not. They just wanted to be with each other. Not a care in the world. At that moment all they needed was each other, and at that moment all they had was each other. 
 
They fell asleep after another dozen of kisses. Legs entangled, Jungkook's arms around Taehyung's waist as he nuzzled his face into the crook of Taehyung's neck. They say it's impossible to stay in the same position the entire night, but Taehyung and Jungkook did. They stayed in that position the entire night.
 
-------
 
The next morning, Jungkook woke up with his face still in the crook of Taehyung's neck. Taehyung's head was resting on his and his arms were wrapped around Taehyung's waist. Jungkook thought back to the night before, he'd kissed Taehyung. They'd kissed. A lot. They'd kissed a lot.
 
Jungkook slowly removed Taehyung from his body, careful not to wake him up. Taehyung immediately latched onto a pillow, missing the feeling of Jungkook's body. Jungkook was still in his clothes from the day before - so was Taehyung - He apparently slept in them.
 
Jungkook grabbed a piece of paper and a pen and wrote Taehyung a note, so he wouldn't think Jungkook ran away when he woke up. 
 

'Hey, really enjoyed last night, we should do it again sometime. I had to leave because I'm meeting with Jimin. Text me when you wake up? 
- Jungkook'

 
Jungkook scanned the note, it wasn't the greatest, though the part where he said was meeting Jimin wasn't a lie, he really was meeting Jimin. He decided it would do and placed the note on the nightstand next to Taehyung's bed. Jungkook walked to where Taehyung was lying and gave him one last kiss on the forehead before he silently left the room.
 
Jungkook walked through the house, luckily Seokjin wasn't awake yet either, grabbed his coat and put on his shoes. He opened the door and put on his coat. He took one last look into the hallway and stepped outside, closing the door.
 
Jungkook shivered as a cold wind blew, it was a cold February morning. He opened the door of his car and stepped inside. When he closed the door, he just stared at the steering wheel. It all dawned over him now, he kissed Taehyung.
 
"Don't talk. Don't worry. Just live in the moment." Is what Taehyung had said. 
 
Jungkook sighed, he started the car and drove off. Once he got to his dorm, he stormed inside and threw himself on his bed. He couldn't believe it, he'd kissed Taehyung. What the fuck did he go and do that for? Though, judging by how the night went the feelings were clearly mutual.
 
He stared at the ceiling, why the fuck did he kiss Taehyung? It would only add to his feelings. He couldn't let his feelings for the boy get out of hand. Whatever it was he had with Taehyung, he had to end it. What was he going to do? Well, like any other idiot would do, he was going to avoid him. Cut off all contact and avoid him like the plague.
 
Jungkook's phone beeped, he grabbed it, knowing it was Taehyung.
 

From: Taetae <3

Hey <3
 
Jungkook ignored him
 

From: taehyung

Kookie? I can see you read it
 

From: taehyung

Kookie?
 

From: taehyung

Why are you ignoring me? :(
 

From: taehyung

Did I do something wrong?
 

From: taehyung

Was it the kiss? Or the ones after that?
Just to let you know, I liked them
 

From: taehyung

I thought you liked them too
 

From: taehyung

Kookie please
 

From: taehyung

I thought you liked me
 

From: taehyung

I like you
 

From: taehyung

I like you a lot Kookie
 

From: taehyung

And since you kissed me last night, I thought you liked me too
 

From: taehyung

I thought you wanted to be with me
 

From: taehyung

At least answer me
 

From: taehyung

Don't I deserve an explanation?
 

From: taehyung

I should've listened to Jin, I shouldn't have let myself fall for you
 

From: taehyung

Can you please just tell me why?
 

From: taehyung

Please?
 
Jungkook sighed as he read Taehyung's last message. He was right, he did deserve an explanation, he did have the right to know, he should've listened to Seokjin. He was right about everything. But, Jungkook couldn't give him an explanation. Technically, he could, but it would hurt Taehyung even more.
 
Jungkook rolled on his side and reread the messages. Taehyung deserved so much better. He deserved the best, he deserved a guy who could care for him, who could love him, who could always be there for him. Jungkook couldn't do any of those things. He couldn't always be there for him. He couldn't always love him. He couldn't always care for him.
 
Jungkook reread the messages one last time, before typing out a reply. He couldn't stop a tear from falling as he typed out the message. Life was so unfair, he wanted to love Taehyung, he wanted to be able to care for him, he wanted to hold Taehyung and kiss him. He just couldn't. His thumb hovered above the send button. He sighed and pressed it.
 

There's no going back now.

 

To: taehyung

the kiss was a mistake



Chapter End Notes
god dammit jungkook


acht
Chapter Notes
double update!! yaayyyy im not really satisfied with how this chapter ended but it'll do

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





From: Kookie <3

the kiss was a mistake
 
Taehyung stared at the message. He gaped at his phone as he kept rereading it. Was it really? Did Jungkook really just tell him the kiss was a mistake? What about all the other kisses? Were they mistakes too? Taehyung felt something wet on his cheek, he was crying.
 
He should've listened to Seokjin and not let his feelings get the best of him. He should've known not to fall for Jungkook. Yet, he couldn't stop himself. Before he knew it, he had already fallen for him. Taehyung wiped away his tears and went to the kitchen - he hadn't eaten anything yet. When he got to the kitchen, Seokjin was already there, eating some cereal. Seokjin noticed Taehyung looking sad as he looked at his brother.
 
"What's wrong?" He asked.
 
Jungkook. Jungkook was what was wrong.
 
Taehyung just stared at his older brother as his lips started to tremble. He bit his lip, but couldn't stop the tears from falling and Seokjin rushed over to wrap his arms around his brother. Taehyung opened his mouth to say something, but Seokjin shushed him.
 
"Don't speak, it doesn't matter. Just get it all out now and tell me later." He said. Taehyung nodded and sobbed into his shoulder.
 
The house was quiet, the only sound being Taehyung's muffled sobs. Seokjin stroked his hair, he was going to kill whoever hurt his brither. After some time, Taehyung stopped crying - he didn't have any more tears left - and pulled away from Seokjin's hold.
 
"Do you want to tell me what's wrong?" His brother asked. Taehyung sniffled and shook his head. He was only going to start crying again if he did.
 
Seokjin nodded and pulled Taehyung in for another hug. As he was hugging his brother, he pulled out his phone and texted Jimin.
 

To: Park Jimin

Kill Jungkook for me
 

From: Park Jimin

What did the fucker do now
 

To: Park Jimin

The little bitch hurt Tae
 

From: Park Jimin

Goddammit Jungkook
He's really done it now
I'm gonna kill him
 
Seokjin smiled reading Jimin's message, no one hurts his little brother.
 
-------
 
Jimin barged into Jungkook's dorm. Poor Youngjae almost choked on his cereal. 
 
"Jimin?" He asked.
 
"Hey, have you seen Jungkook?" Jimin said angrily.
 
Youngjae nodded, "He's in his room."
 
Jimin stormed off to Jungkook's room. He didn't bother knocking and just barged in. He saw Jungkook sitting on his bed, looking up at him, like he'd been expecting him. He'd obviously been crying, in fact he looked like he was on the verge of tears again. It almost smelled like smoke - Jungkook had probably already smoked about five cigarettes and it was only the morning.
 
"Kookie." Jimin said softly and Jungkook just lost it. He started full on sobbing and Jimin rushed over. Jungkook clung to his best friend like his life depended on it.
 
"Minnie-" He sobbed. Jimin shushed him, he wrapped his arms around Jungkook and stroked his hair.
 
"I like him so much, Minnie." Jungkook sobbed.
 
"I know, sweetheart." Jimin continued to stroke Jungkook's hair. 
 
After some time, Jungkook stopped crying. He didn't pull away from the hug, though. The warmth from Jimin's body somehow soothing him a bit.
 
"What did you do?" Jimin whispered, "Both you and Taehyung are heartbroken."
 
Jungkook sniffled, "I k-kissed h-him." He stammered.
 
"You kissed him?" Jimin repeated softly and Jungkook nodded.
 
"T-then I told h-him it w-was a m-mistake." He stuttered.
 
"Kookie," Jimin whispered again and pulled his best friend close, "tell me the whole story."
 
Jungkook told him everything. Everything. From the start of the day, to the kiss, to the rest of the night, to him telling Taehyung the kiss was a mistake. But most importantly, he told him why he couldn't fall in love with Taehyung.
 
"Kookie." Jimin whispered, he too was now crying, "You really-" Jungkook nodded.
 
"I really do." He sniffled.
 
"Why didn't you tell us? Why didn't you tell me?" Jimin's voice was barely above a whisper.
 
"I didn't want to be a burden." 
 
"Kookie," Jimin started, pulling his best friend into another hug, "you could never be a burden to me."
 
The two sat in silence, the only sound you could hear were Jungkook's sobs. Jimin was crying too, just not so loud. Of course he was crying! His best friend just revealed he - the more Jimin thought about it, the more he started crying. It was Jungkook's senior year all over again. 
 
"How long have you known?" Jimin asked after some time.
 
"Since November." 
 
It all made sense to Jimin now. Jimin finally understood why Jungkook didn't want to fall in love.
 
"All those times you told me you couldn't hang out because you had to visit your grandma, you actually couldn't because of this? You weren't going to meet your grandma?" Jimin asked. 
 
Jungkook shook his head, "My grandma has been dead for years. All those times I went to the hospital, I didn't go for my grandma, I went for myself." 
 
"Do you know if you're, you know?" Jungkook nodded, more tears spilling out of his eyes.
 
"And?" Jimin shakily asked, though judging by the look on his face, he could already guess the answer.
 
Jungkook nodded again and threw himself into Jimin's awaiting arms. Jimin was sobbing now too as he hugged Jungkook close. 
 
-------
 
Seokjin laid Taehyung in his bed and draped the covers over him. Taehyung had cried himself to sleep in Seokjin's arms, still not wanting to talk about what was bothering him. Although he already knew it was something Jungkook had done - Taehyung didn't really hang out with anyone else - he still wished Taehyung would talk to him. He wanted Taehyung to know he was there for him, like a brother should be. Seokjin sighed and pulled out his phone to text Jimin.
 

To: Park Jimin

Got anything out of Kook yet?
 
Seokjin waited a few seconds until his phone beeped with a message from Jimin.
 

From: Park Jimin

Yeah, don't be mad at him though, I can see why he did it
 
Seokjin scoffed. Jimin could see why Jungkook did it? Jungkook must have an insane disease for him to break Taehyung's heart like that. 
 

To: Park Jimin

Why did he do it then?
 

From: Park Jimin

It really isn't my story to tell, Jungkook will tell you when he's ready
 
Seokjin sighed and decided Jimin was right. Jungkook will tell him when he was ready. Seokjin was about to leave the room when Taehyung's phone beeped. He couldn't resist looking. It was from Jungkook.
 

From: Kookie <3

We need to talk. 



Chapter End Notes
yall can probably guess what's going on jungkook but hey he's not as much of an asshole as i made him out to be last chapteryall probably still hate him thoplease dont kill mejungkook sweetie im so sorry


negen
Chapter Notes
yall probaby thought you'd seen the last of Eunjoo :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





To: taehyung

We need to talk.
 
Jungkook stared at the message he'd sent. He could only wait for Taehyung's reply - if he was going to reply. Jungkook wouldn't blame him if he ignored him. What he did was an asshole move, he knew that. He should've just told Taehyung the real reason he was afraid to fall in love.
 
After he talked with Jimin, he realised Taehyung was the one who deserved to know the most. Jungkook kept looking at his phone, to see if Taehyung had even read the message. But, to Jungkook's disappointment, he hadn't.
 
When Jungkook was ready to give up, his phone beeped. He grabbed it, he smiled when he saw it was Taehyung, though his smile faltered when he read the message. 
 

From: taehyung

About what? I asked for an explanation and you ignored me, you completely shut me out! And now you think I'm gonna come crawling back to you? Think again, Jungkook
 

To: taehyung :(

please just let me explain
 

From: taehyung :(

No, I'm done Jungkook. I wanted to be with you, but you ruined your chance.
 

To: taehyung :(

you can be with me
 

From: taehyung :(

Wanted, Jungkook. I WANTED to be with you. Not anymore
 

To: taehyung :(

tae, please, just let me explain, i want you, but there's just something holding me back
 

From: taehyung :(

Stop it Jungkook. You made it clear to me what you want and it's not me.
 

To: taehyung :(

tae, i do want you, i really do. you mean so much to me, you don't even know
 

From: taehyung :(

Clearly you don't. If you want to be with me so much, then why would you kiss me and then tell me it was a mistake? Why?
 

To: taehyung :(

it wasn't meant to hurt you, it was to protect you
i want to protect you from me, but you mean so much to me that i can't help but be selfish
 

From: taehyung :(

To protect me?! If anything it was just to hurt me! 
Don't you know how it felt? It hurt, a lot! 
You're just like all the other guys, Jungkook. You don't feel anything for me, you just pity me, don't you?
 

To: taehyung :(

sweets, no, i don't pity you. i like you so much, you don't how telling you that kiss was a mistake made me feel
 

From: taehyung :(

Made you feel?! You don't know how it made ME feel! I already have to deal with not being able to hear anything and then you come along and mess things up even more! When you kissed me, I thought I'd finally found someone, but you're just an asshole who only cares about himself. I wish Jin never introduced us, then none of this would've happened. I'd rather sit in my room and stare at the ceiling all day than talk to you for one more second.
 

To: taehyung :(

sweets...
 

From: taehyung :(

Fuck you, Jeon Jungkook.
 
Jungkook stared at the screen of his phone. Taehyung really hated him. God, why did he have to be such a fuck-up?! Jungkook felt tears streaming down his cheeks, he hadn't even noticed he was crying. He heard a knock on his door and a few seconds later Youngjae came in with Jimin behind him.
 
"Hey, Jimin is here to- wow, dude, are you crying?"
 
Jungkook quickly wiped away his tears, "N-no!" He stammered.
 
"Kookie-" Jimin started.
 
"Save it. I'm going out for a smoke." Jungkook pushed past Youngjae and Jimin and ran outside.
 
When he got outside, he sat on a nearby bench, tears spilling from his eyes. He'd really ruined his chances with Taehyung. Taehyung clearly hated him. He even swore at him, Taehyung never swears!
 
"Jungkook?" A soft voice snapped Jungkook out of his thoughts, he looked up to see Eunjoo standing there, looking down at him. 
 
"Are you ok?" She sat down next to. Jungkook just shook his head and shivered as a cold wind blew, it was still February and he stormed out without his coat.
 
"You're cold," Eunjoo started, "come on, let's get you inside." Jungkook nodded and followed Eunjoo to her dorm.
 
Once they got inside, Eunjoo sat Jungkook down on the couch. Eunjoo went into the kitchen and he heard some banging about. A few minutes later, Eunjoo came in holding a mug.
 
"Here, have some tea, it'll warm you up." She said, setting the mug down in front of Jungkook.
 
Jungkook took a sip of the tea and looked around. Eunjoo's dorm was nice, nice and coy. It reminded him of Taehyung's room. Taehyung. Jungkook felt tears welling up in his eyes as he thought of Taehyung. He felt Eunjoo sit beside him and wrap an arm around his shoulders.
 
"Jungkook, what's wrong?" She asked softly.
 
Jungkook just sniffled and stared at the mug in his hand. Taehyung had the same mug. More tears streamed down his cheeks and he quickly set the mug down.
 
Jungkook looked at Eunjoo, "I like him so much." He said.
 
Eunjoo tilted her head a bit, "Who?"
 
"Taehyung. He means so much to me and I just had to go and fuck everything up! I'm such a dumbass!"
 
Eunjoo pulled him closer and he cried into her shoulder, "Jungkook, sweetie, you're not a dumbass. You're a great guy and you know that, whoever this Taehyung is, probably knows that too," Jungkook looked at her. Eunjoo continued, "whatever you did, he probably just needs some time. Something clearly happened between you two, and whatever it was, it obviously hurt both of you a lot. Am I correct?"
 
Jungkook sniffled and nodded. Eunjoo spoke again, "Whatever it was that you or Taehyung did, it clearly hurt you. Have you tried talking to him?" Jungkook nodded again.
 
"I'm going to assume it didn't go well, then. But maybe, just give him some time? Wait until he's ready to talk. Instead of going to him, let him come to you. When that time arrives, don't be straight forward, let him talk first, listen to what he says, let him decide if he wants to give you another chance."
 
Jungkook nodded, Eunjoo was a lot wiser when she was sober, and she was surprisingly sweet.
 
"I hope everything works out for you two. He seems to mean a lot to you." Jungkook nodded again. Taehyung really did mean a lot to him.
 
Jungkook stayed at Eunjoo's dorm for quite some time after that. The two talked the entire time and Jungkook was surprised by how nice Eunjoo was. After about two hours, Jungkook stood up.
 
"I'm not gonna bother you anymore." He said.
 
Eunjoo scoffed, "You weren't bothering me at all! It's nice to have some company sometimes, most people think I'm a heartless slut, so they stay away." 
 
Jungkook actually felt bad upon hearing Eunjoo's words. He knew what it felt like to have people avoiding him, hence why he could relate to Taehyung so much. Jungkook walked to the door, he opened it and turned to Eunjoo.
 
"Thank you." He breathed.
 
Eunjoo smiled, "Don't worry about it, now go get your man!"
 
Jungkook smiled and walked out of the door. He walked back to his dorm - in the freezing cold. Once he reached the dorm, he hesitated in front of the door. If Jimin was still there, he'd bombard him with questions. Youngjae would probably ask a few questions, but he knew not to try and dig too deep - unlike Jimin.
 
He sighed and opened the door, fortunately for him, no one seemed to be there. He walked to his room and opened the door - no one there either. He sighed and sat on his bed. He sat there for a few minutes, staring at the wall. He then grabbed his phone and walked to the living room. He grabbed his coat and car keys and left the dorm. He got in his car and stared at the steering wheel. He had to do this. He started the car and drove off. Eventually he'd reached where he wanted to be. He parked his car and got out. He walked towards the house, pondering if he should really do this. He shook his head, he had to! He walked a few steps further and sighed.
 

It's now or never.

 
Jungkook was standing on Taehyung's door step.



Chapter End Notes
i like eunjoo, i want a friend like eunjoo


tien
Chapter Notes
another calm before the storm

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jungkook was standing on Taehyung's doorstep.
 
He brought his hand up to knock, but hesitated. He looked at his hand, what if Taehyung would just shut the door - oh, wait, he couldn't even hear the knock. What if Seokjin opened the door? There's no way Seokjin would let him see Taehyung. Not that he blamed him, he wouldn't either. Jungkook sighed and knocked on the door. A few seconds later, the door opened, revealing Seokjin. 
 
"What do you want?" He asked rudely.
 
Jungkook took a deep breath, "I want to see Taehyung."
 
Seokjin scoffed, "Not happening." He was about to shut the door but Jungkook called out his name.
 
"Hyung. Please. I need to talk to him. I need to explain everything. Everything! Just please give me a chance!" He pleaded.
 
Seokjin hesitated, before nodding and letting him in, "Fine, but only because he's been crying about you all day." 
 
Jungkook thanked him and proceeded to Taehyung's room. Once he reached Taehyung's room, he stopped and hesitated again. He stood in front of the door, hand on the knob. He waited a few seconds before carefully opening the door. Taehyung was lying on his bed, though he immediately stood up when he noticed Jungkook. 
 
The tension was thick, neither of them said anything. They just stood there, staring at each other. Jungkook's eyes scanned Taehyung's face. He looked like he'd been crying a lot, his eyes were all red and puffy. Yet, he still looked gorgeous as ever.
 
Jungkook slowly took a step towards Taehyung, the other boy not moving. He kept on slowly walking towards him, until there was barely any space left between them. Taehyung slowly brought his hand up to Jungkook's face and stroked his cheek, staring into his eyes. Jungkook rested his hand on Taehyung's hip, drawing circles on it with his thumb. Jungkook pressed his forehead to Taehyung's as he stared into his eyes.
 
"I don't forgive you." Taehyung whispered and Jungkook nodded to say he understood.
 
Taehyung continued, "I don't forgive you, but I want you to be my boyfriend."
 
Jungkook nodded again, bringing his other hand up to cup Taehyung's cheek. His thumb traced his lip, asking permission to kiss him. Taehyung nodded and Jungkook brought him closer, placing his lips on Taehyung's.
 
The kiss was sweet, passionate and delicate all in one. There was no tongue or lust, just passion and sweetness. The kiss could be seen as boring, but to Taehyung and Jungkook, it was all they ever wanted.
 
Taehyung pulled away and pressed his forehead against Jungkook's. They stayed like that for a few seconds, before Taehyung pulled Jungkook down onto the bed. He pulled Jungkook in for another kiss, this one deeper and more passionate than the one before.
 
They laid on Taehyung's bed, kissing. Taehyung's arms around Jungkook's neck, as Jungkook held Taehyung down by his waist. Jungkook pressed his leg in between Taehyung's, making the elder gasp and Jungkook used the opportunity to slip his tongue inside Taehyung's mouth. Taehyung's hand travelled from Jungkook's hair, to his chest and then down his abs.
 
Jungkook's mouth moved from Taehyung's lips to his jaw, leaving small kisses along it. His lips then moved to his neck, kissing along it. Once he reached Taehyung's collarbone, he licked a stripe from his collarbone to behind his ear, making Taehyung gasp and whine a little. Jungkook moved his head to kiss Jungkook again, the other sighing into the kiss.
 
"Hey, Jungkook, it's get- oh, shit, sorry!" Seokjin's voice had Jungkook almost jumping five feet into the air.
 
He pulled away from Taehyung and nodded towards the doorway, where Seokjin was standing. Jungkook tried to get off of Taehyung, but the other boy only pulled him closer, pressing his cheek against Jungkook's. He looked at Seokjin, waiting for him to speak. Seokjin just stared at the two for a few seconds, weren't they fighting? And now they were making out on Taehyung's bed? It didn't make sense to him. 
 
Seokjin shook his head, "Uhm, Jungkook, what I was going to say was, it's getting late and you're probably going to want to go back soon. I'm not very fond of you, but I don't want you driving late at night, either."
 
Jungkook nodded, moving to get off of Taehyung. Taehyung whined and pulled him close, "He's staying the night." He told his brother.
 
Seokjin stared at him for a few seconds, before nodding and closing the door. Jungkook looked at Taehyung, who just smiled and kissed him again. 
 
"You're still not forgiven." He told Jungkook.
 
"I know." Jungkook whispered, even though Taehyung couldn't hear him. He leaned in for another kiss, which Taehyung happily accepted. Jungkook was happy he finally had Taehyung. 
 
The night was filled with laughter and kisses, just like the last time. They couldn't stop kissing each other. They didn't go any further than just kissing, neither of them wanted to. They just wanted to be together, and they finally could. 
 
Jungkook held Taehyung close as he kissed his temple, he didn't ever want to let go of him. Taehyung drew circles on Jungkook's chest as his head rested on his shoulder. Taehyung looked up at Jungkook, asking for another kiss. Jungkook smiled and kissed him, sweet and delicate.
 
They fell asleep in the same position as the last time, legs entangled, Jungkook's arms wrapped around Taehyung's waist as he nuzzled his face into the crook of Taehyung's neck. Jungkook pecked Taehyung's neck before he fell asleep.
 
-------
 
Jungkook woke up spooning Taehyung, the elder clinging onto a pillow. Jungkook smiled and hugged Taehyung closer. It really wasn't a dream, it was real! He was lying in Taehyung's bed, spooning Taehyung. It was all real! He stared at Taehyung's back fopr a few minutes before rolling over to get his phone. He scrolled through it, he'd been bombarded with messages from Jimin. 
 

From: short-hyung

Kookie?! You never came back yesterday, are you ok?!
 

From: short-hyung

Kookie, please tell me you're ok
 

From: short-hyung

Kookie, we're all worried about you
 

From: short-hyung

Are you even getting these?!
 

From: short-hyung

When we came back, your phone was gone too, Kookie please reply!
 

From: short-hyung

Even Yoongi is worried about you! He doesn't even like you that much!
 
Jungkook scoffed, nice to know Yoongi doesn't even like him.
 

From: short-hyung

Eunjoo called to ask if you made it back, why were you with Eunjoo?!
 

From: short-hyung

You didn't sleep with her, did you?! She's just a slut, good for nothing
Kookie please don't tell me you slept with her!
 

From: short-hyung

Jin just called, saying you're at their place, did you talk to Taehyung?
 

From: short-hyung

Kookie, please text me back as soon as you read these!
 
Jungkook sighed and typed out a message to Jimin.
 

To: short-hyung

i'm fine
i talked to sweets and we worked it out, sort of
and yes, i was with eunjoo, but i didn't sleep with her
and she's actually very nice
so don't call her a slut
anyways, i'm still at sweets' place, i'll explain later
 
Jungkook put his phone dow and looked over to Taehyung, who was now facing him, still asleep. Jungkook brushed his hair out of his face and then stroked his cheek. He smiled.
 
They were going to be alright.
 
 



Chapter End Notes
are they really tho?
i kind of wonder how many of you still hate jungkook


elf
Chapter Notes
this chapter is all over the place tbh

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




They were going to be alright. 
 
Jungkook smiled as he stroked Taehyung's cheek. They'll figure it out. They'll be fine. They'll be together. Together.
 
Taehyung stirred a little and his eyes fluttered open. He looked at Jungkook and smiled. He pulled Jungkook down and kissed him, ignoring his morning breath. After a few seconds, Jungkook pulled away and kissed Taehyung's forehead. Taehyung giggled and grabbed Jungkook's hand, stroking the back of it with his thumb. 
 
They stared at each other in silence, the only sound being Seokjin banging about in the kitchen. Taehyung grabbed Jungkook and pulled him in for another kiss.
 
"You're still not forgiven." Taehyung whispered, pulling away.
 
Jungkook nodded, he knew Taehyung wasn't going to forgive him so quickly. Jungkook pulled Taehyung close and kissed his temple. They cuddled for some time after that, until Jungkook decided he need a shower. Taehyung showed him the bathroom and he stripped his clothes and got in.
 
Back in his bedroom, Taehyung sat on his bed. He stared at the wall, he couldn't believe he actually let Jungkook in, again. He just couldn't get enough of the man, he could hurt him so many times, yet, he'd somehow always find his back to him. Taehyung sighed and threw himself on his bed. It really wasn't supposed to happen, he wanted to send Jungkook away as soon as he saw him, but he just looked so miserable. He looked like he needed Taehyung, just like how Taehyung needed him.
 
He laid on his bed, waiting for Jungkook to get out of the shower. After some time, Jungkook came back, shirtless, the only thing covering him was a towel. Taehyung stared at his boyfriend, his eyes travelling from his face, to his chest and then to his abs, he definitely liked what he saw. Taehyung bit his lip and Jungkook walked up to him. Just as he was about to kiss him, Taehyung's stomach growled. Jungkook chuckled and pulled away, making Taehyung whine.
 
He grabbed a piece of paper and held it up to Taehyung.
 
'Go get something to eat, sweets.' He'd written on it.
 
Sweets. Taehyung liked that. It was refreshing, no 'babe' or 'baby boy' - though Taehyung actually liked being called that - just 'sweets'. Taehyung liked it.
 
Taehyung nodded and stood up, he walked to the door, but stopped next to Jungkook and looked at him. Jungkook smiled, understanding what his boyfriend was after, and kissed him. Taehyung smiled and proceeded to the kitchen.
 
When he got to the kitchen, he noticed his older brother eating some cereal. It was like déjà vu. 
 
Seokjin smiled at him, "You ok?" He asked.
 
Taehyung smiled and nodded, he was better than ever. He grabbed some bread and put it in the toaster - he felt like having toast instead of cereal for once. He sat down and waited for Jungkook to come. After a few minutes, his toast was ready and he grabbed it, smearing some butter on it. Just as he'd sat down again, Jungkook came in. He greeted Seokjin and the oldest of the three gave him a small smile in return. He still wasn't fond of Jungkook, but he was going to give him a chance.
 
Jungkook grabbed a slice of Taehyung's toast and shoved it into his mouth. The two brothers looked at him. 
 
Jungkook swallowed a bit of bread, "What? I haven't eaten since yesterday morning, I'm starving!"
 
Seokjin translated it to Taehyung and the younger gasped and gave his toast to his boyfriend. Jungkook smiled and kissed him. Seokjin coughed, reminding Jungkook that he was still there and did not want to see him making out with his younger brother. Jungkook rolled his eyes and kissed Taehyung again to ignore him.
 
Jungkook sat down and Taehyung shamelessly crawled into his lap. Jungkook wrapped his arms around Taehyung's waist and rested his chin on his shoulder. Taehyung repeatedly kissed Jungkook's cheek as he ate - Seokjin had never felt so awkward. Seokjin stood up, grabbed his cereal and left the room. Taehyung and Jungkook looked at each other, then burst out laughing.
 
After he was finished eating, Jungkook removed Taehyung from his lap. Taehyung whined and looked at him with big eyes. Jungkook smiled and whipped out his phone.
 

To: sweets <3

gotta go, gotta explain all this shit to jimin or i'll never hear the end of it
 
Taehyung smiled, he stood up and walked Jungkook to the door. He kissed him as Jungkook grabbed his coat. He didn't pull away when Jungkook was trying to get his coat on, though. It was awkward, especially for Jungkook, trying to get your coat on and kissing your boyfriend at the same time was not something he'd recommend. Once he'd actually got his coat on, Taehyung still didn't pull away, instead he just wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck, as his boyfriend wrapped his own around his waist.
 
A cough had Jungkook pulling away from the kiss, he looked over Taehyung's shoulder and saw Seokjin standing there, eyebrows raised. He sheepishly smiled and kissed Taehyung's cheek, before leaving.
 
Jungkook zipped his coat up and shoved his hands into his pockets as he walked to his car. He dug around in his pocket and pulled out the keys. He got in the car and drove off.
 
--------
 
Once he got to campus, he parked his car and got out. As soon as he stepped out, Jimin rushed up to him.
 
"Jungkook! Oh my god, I was so worried about you!" He screeched.
 
Jungkook shrugged and walked towards his dorm building, Jimin followed him, still blabbing away.
 
"Did you talk to Taehyung?! How did it go?! Are you two all boyfriend-y now?! Kookie, talk to me!"
 
Jungkook sighed and opened the door to his dorm, "Jimin, please, just come in and I'll explain."
 
Jimin nodded and went inside, he threw himself on the couch and looked at Jungkook. 
 
"Well, I'm waiting!" He half yelled.
 
"Lemme grab something to eat first, I'm so hungry, I could eat a horse." Jimin just nodded.
 
When Jungkook had finished eating, Jimin stared at him with big eyes.
 
"What?" 
 
Jimin scoffed, "What do you mean 'what'? Explain!"
 
Jungkook sighed, "So, when I stormed out, Eunjoo found me. We went to her dorm and she gave me some advice. I then went to sweets' house and we kissed and I spent the night there."
 
Jimin raised and eyebrow, "Sweets?"
 
Jungkook shrugged, "It's just what I call Taehyung."
 
"So you and Taehyung are ok now?" Jimin asked.
 
"Sort of, he hasn't forgiven me for what I did, not that I blame him, but he did sort of ask me to be his boyfriend."
 
Jimin jumped, "Please, please, please, tell me you said yes."
 
"Of course I said yes!"
 
Jimin squealed and pulled his best friend into a hug, "Oh my god!! You finally got a boyfriend!" 
 
Jungkook shoved Jimin off of him, "Yes, I did, but we're not coming on double dates with you and Yoongi-hyung."
 
Jimin pouted, "Aww, why not?" He whined.
 
Jungkook scoffed, "I actually like sweets, so I don't want you two to scare him off, plus you said Yoongi-hyung doesn't even really like me that much!"
 
Jimin sheepishly smiled and rubbed the back of his head, "Yeah, sorry 'bout that. He's very protective of Taehyung. But, did you tell him about, you know?"
 
Jungkook shook his head, "No, not yet."
 
"When are you gonna tell him?"
 
Jungkook shrugged, "When the time's right, I guess."
 
"But telling him you have, you know-"
 
"You can just say cancer, Jimin."
 
"Right, cancer, but is there ever going to be a right itme to tell him you have cancer?"
 
Jungkook shrugged agsin, "Probably not, but I'll get around to it.
 
Jimin nodded and the two sat in silence after that.
 
-------
 
Jungkook sighed as Jimin had finally left. He sat on the couch and looked around. Youngjae had texted him, saying he wasn't going to be back until the next day. He smirked as he thought back to the morning. The sexual tension between Taehyung and him was so obvious. 
 
When Taehyung bit his lip while staring at him, Jungkook wanted to fuck him so hard he forgot his own name. Jungkook thought about what it would be like to have the boy whimpering underneath him. What it would be like to watch him come undone. What it would be like to hear his moans - they'd be so pretty. Jungkook bit his lip and felt his pants tighten. Huck, did he just get hard thinking about fucking Taehyung?
 
Jungkook bit his lip again, he wanted Taehyung, he wanted him so bad. He whipped out his phone as he chewed on his lip.
 

To: sweets <3

come over, i need you. now.
 
It only took a few seconds for Taehyung to reply.
 

From: sweets <3

Already on my way



Chapter End Notes
next chapter gon be smut yall
question, do yall think Jimin is right and that kook should just tell tae?


twaalf
Chapter Notes
enjoy this cringey ass smut my friend wrote for me

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





From: sweets <3

Already on my way
 
Jungkook chewed on his lip while reading the message. He stared at the door, waiting for that knock from Taehyung. Oh the things he could do to Taehyung - the things he would do to Taehyung. Of course it was still their first time, so he'd have to lay it low on the kinks - for now. God, that was going to be hard, Jungkook was in fact a very kinky person.
 
Jungkook threw his head back ans sighed - Taehyung was taking too long. Jungkook bit his lip again, thinking of all the things he could do to Taehyung. He couldn't wait to have the boy moaning under him, so pretty and worn out, the only name he could remember being Jungkook's.
 
A knock was heard and Jungkook almost ran to the door. He opened it, revealing Taehyung - obviously. Jungkook grabbed his boyfriend by the collar and kissed him, hard. Taehyung melted into the kiss and wrapped his arms around Jungkook. The younger pushed his boyfriend up against the door, pressing a leg in between Taehyung's.
 
The kiss was messy and sloppy, yet still passionate. Tongues and teeth clashing. 
 
Jungkook's hand moved to Taehyung's hardening member and cupped it, making the elder gasp. He then pulled away from the kiss and smirked. Taehyung's lips were all red and swollen - he looked so pretty, so pretty and fucked out already.
 
Jungkook kissed Taehyung's jaw, then moved down to his neck, leaving butterfly kisses along it. Taehyung started grinding into Jungkook's hand and whined - fuck, that was so hot.
 
Taehyung tugged at Jungkook's shirt and the younger pulled it off. Taehyung ran his hand up and down Jungkook's abs, while Jungkook sucked hickeys into his neck. Jungkook kissed behind Taehyung's ear and looked at him.
 
Taehyung bit his lip, "Bedroom~" He whined.
 
Jungkook picked Taehyung up and the elder wrapped his legs around his boyfriend's waist. He brought him to the bedroom and threw him on the bed. He slammed the door and kissed Taehyung, grinding his member against Taehyung's.
 
Taehyung moaned and kissed Jungkook, licking into his mouth. Jungkook pulled away to take Taehyung's shirt off, once it was off, he returned to kissing him.
 
Jungkook's thumb found Taehyung's nipple and rubbed it, making Taehyung moan into his mouth. He pulled away and kissed Taehyung's neck before occupying his mouth with Taehyung's nipple. Taehyung moaned and grabbed a fist full of Jungkook's hair as Jungkook sucked and bit on his nipple.
 
Jungkook removed his mouth from Taehyung's nipple and kissed his stomach. He reached the waistband of Taehyung's sweatpants and slipped his hand in them, palming Taehyung's erection through his underwear. Taehyung moaned and threw his head back, giving Jungkook a good view of the hickeys he'd left. He licked a stripe from Taehyung's abdomen to his chin and then kissed Taehyung.
 
Taehyung moaned into the kiss as Jungkook kept on palming his erection. Taehyung pulled at Jungkook's hair, making him pull away from the kiss.
 
"Off," Taehyung growled, "take them off."
 
Jungkook tugged Taehyung's sweatpants off, taking his underwear with them.
 
"Yours-" Taehyung started, but cut himself off with a loud moan as Jungkook kissed the tip of his erection. 
 
"Kookie~" Taehyung whined, "please just fuck me already~"
 
Jungkook chuckled, removing his pants and then kissing up Taehyung's stomach.
 
"Patience, sweets." He whispered, even though Taehyung couldn't hear him.
 
Jungkook kissed Taehyung as he inserted a finger into him. Taehyung moaned into the kiss and bucked his hips.
 
"Kookie~ please fuck me~" Taehyung whined, Jungkook just chuckled and added another finger, making Taehyung moan again.
 
After three fingers, Jungkook decided Taehyung was ready. He flipped the boy on his stomach and teased his hole with the tip of his erection. Taehyung moaned and turned his head to kiss Jungkook. His hand shot up to Jungkook's head and he tugged on his hair, making Jungkook groan.
 
Jungkook pulled away from the kiss and kissed Taehyung's shoulder, before reaching over to grab a condom. He slipped on the condom and teased Taehyung's hole with the tip of his member. 
 
Kookie~ please~ I need it~" Taehyung moaned.
 
Jungkook slowly inserted his member and Taehyung almost screamed. Jungkook kept pushing in until his hips met Taehyung's ass.
 
"Kookie~ please move~" Taehyung moaned. 
 
Jungkook stared at him, he looked so hot. So needy. Jungkook almost came from just looking at him.
 
He kissed Taehyung's shoulder and slowly started moving and Taehyung moaned loudly.
 
"Fuck." Jungkook breathed as he picked up his pace.
 
Taehyung looked so hot under him. He looked so hot as he moaned Jungkook's name. Taehyung was loud and Jungkook loved it. He loved the way the boy screamed his name, as he pulled on his hair.
 
"Fuck, sweets." Jungkook groaned as he threw his head back, pounding into Taehyung.
 
Taehyung's moans started getting more high pitched and Jungkook knew he was reaching his climax.
 
"K-kookie~ 'm g-gonna c-cum!" Taehyung moaned and a few seconds later he came, spilling onto the bed.
 
Jungkook came a few seconds later, spilling into the condom. He thrusted into Taehyung a few more times before slowly pulling out. He flipped Taehyung on his back and kissed his forehead. He then removed the condom and threw it away. He turned back to Taehyung and kissed him again.
 
--------
 
Jungkook smiled and stroked Taehyung's cheek as the boy snuggled into his chest. Taehyung passed out after their fifth round, crying that he couldn't take it anymore. Taehyung had kept up longer than Jungkook thought he would, five rounds was a lot.
 
Jungkook kissed his temple and stroked his hair. They were on the couch, Jungkook's bed was all messy and disgusting, and they couldn't sleep in Youngjae's bed, because god only knows what happens there.
 
Jungkook heard his phone beep, he kissed Taehyung's temple again before reaching over to grab it. The message was from Jimin - Jungkook didn't want to know why he was still up.
 

From: short-hyung

Did you tell him yet?
 

To: short-hyung

no
 

From: short-hyung

Kook, you really gotta tell him! He deserves to know! it's not fair to him
 

To: short-hyung

i know, i know
just gimme some time
i'll tell him eventually
 

From: short-hyung

You better!
 
Jungkook sighed and put his phone down, Jimin really needed to stop pushing him. Wasn't he allowed to decide when he was going to tell Taehyung? Jimin didn't realise how hard it was for him, telling someone you have cancer is really not the easiest thing to do. Especially if that person is someone you love. Love. He loved Taehyung. He was in love with Taehyung. He loved him.
 
Jungkook loved Taehyung.
 



Chapter End Notes
what am i doing with my life and yes of course jungkook calls taehyung 'sweets' in bed


dertien
Chapter Notes
double update because i'm generous 
prepare ya asses

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jungkook loved Taehyung.
 
He loved him. So much. Jungkook had already accepted it. There was just one thing standing in his way. Cancer.
 
Jungkook looked at the boy sleeping on his chest, he looked so perfect. Jungkook sighed, how was he ever going to tell him? How was he ever going to tell him he had cancer? How was he ever going to tell him he was going to die? Jungkook looked at him again, tomorrow, he decided. He was going to tell him the next day.
 
------
 
The next day came, Jungkook didn't tell him.
 
One week passed, Jungkook hadn't told him.
 
Two weeks passed, Jungkook still hadn't told him.
 
Three weeks passed, Jungkook still hadn't told him. 
 
Jungkook sighed as he threw himself on his bed. It was now March, three weeks since he decided he was going to tell Taehyung he had cancer, though he never actually got around to telling him.
 
Jungkook sighed again. Time was running out. He had to tell Taehyung. He pulled out his phone, he was going to tell Taehyung. Now.
 

To: sweets <3

hey, i need to tell you something
 
Taehyung didn't take long to reply, he never did. It was one of the many, many things Jungkook loved about him. Though, Jungkook himself usually took about three hours to reply, either that or he didn't reply at all. 
 

From: sweets <3

What is it?
 

To: sweets <3

can you come over? i want to tell you in person
 

From: sweets <3

Why?
 

To: sweets <3

it's just-
it's kinda hard to say
can you please just come over?
 

From: sweets <3

Ok...
I'll be about 20 minutes
See ya <3
 

To: sweets <3

<3
 
Jungkook sighed, this meant he had about twenty minutes to figure out how he was going to tell Taehyung. Rather than doing it via text, he decided it would maybe be easier if he wrote it down and just showed it to Taehyung.
 
He ripped a piece of paper from a notebook and grabbed a pen and started writing.
 
About twenty minutes later, he heard someone knock on the door. Jungkook stood up and went to the door to open it.
 
"Hey." Taehyung smiled as Jungkook opened the door.
 
Jungkook gave a small smile in return and quickly pecked Taehyung's lips. Taehyung went inside and sat himself down on the couch. Jungkook sighed as he closed the door, well, here goes nothing.
 
"So, what is it you want to tell me?" Taehyung asked while tilting his head a bit.
 
Jungkook sighed again and sat down next to his boyfriend. He grabbed the piece of paper and handed it to Taehyung. Taehyung looked at him, clearly confused.
 
"Are you breaking up with me?" His voice sounded worried. Jungkook quickly shook his head and grabbed Taehyung's hand. He looked at him, then nodded to the paper, telling him to just read it. Taehyung nodded and started reading the paper. 
 

'Taehyung - first of all, I want to say, I am so, so sorry for keeping this a secret.

 

What I want to tell you, is really hard for me to say. I can't even bring myself to say it out loud, so I wrote this to make it easier.' 

 
Taehyung looked up from the paper and gave Jungkook a confused look. 'Keep reading' Jungkook mouthed and Taehyung continued reading.
 

'I have struggled with this for a long time, and of all people, I think you deserve to know the most.

 

Before I tell you, I want to say, I really am sorry for keeping it a secret. I should've told you earlier, but it was too hard for me.

 

So, what I want to say is, I have cancer.'

 
Taehyung stopped reading and looked up at Jungkook. He blinked a few times, not believing him. He read the last sentence.
 
'I have cancer. And I'm going to die.' It read.
 
Taeghyung looked at Jungkook. Tears welled up in Jungkook's eyes. Please, say something.
 
"Y-you have c-cancer." Taehyung stuttered. Jungkook nodded, tears streaming down his cheeks.
 
"You're g-going to d-die." Jungkook nodded again.
 
Taehyung was silent for a few minutes. He then pulled his hand away from Jungkook's grip and stood up, shaking his head.
 
"I-I can't d-do t-this." He stammered and Jungkook's breath hitched.
 
He walked to the door, still shaking his head as Jungkook's eyes followed him as he sat there, helplessly. He opened the door, getting ready to leave.
 
He turned around and looked at Jungkook, "I'm sorry." Was all he said before he walked away, leaving Jungkook alone.
 
"Tae!" Jungkook called out, despite Taehyung not being able to hear. Jungkook cried as he watched Taehyung leave. He left. He really left.
 
Jungkook felt more tears stream down his cheeks, "I love you." He whispered.
 
He closed the door and sat down on the couch as he burst into tears. He really left! He left him when Jungkook needed him the most. Jungkook grabbed his phone - he really needed his best friend right now.
 
"Hello?" Jimin answered.
 
"Minnie..." Jungkook sobbed, "he left. He left me."
 
Jimin hung up and about ten minutes later he stormed into Jungkook's dorm. He rushed over and pulled Jungkook into a hug. 
 
"H-he really l-left!" Jungkook sobbed into Jimin's shoulder. 
 
Jimin stroked his hair, trying to comfort him, though it wasn't really helping.
 
"Kookie," He said softly, "tell me what happened."
 
Jungkook sniffled, "I t-told him about m-my c-cancer and he j-just stood u-up and l-left." Jungkook started sobbing again.
 
"What an asshole." Jimin muttered, he thought Jungkook was an ass when he told Taehyung their first kiss was a mistake, but this was on a whole new level. Who the fuck leaves their boyfriend when said boyfriend is battling cancer?
 
"I love him, Minnie." Jungkook sobbed, "I love him so much."
 
"You love him." Jimin repeated. Jungkook nodded.
 
He loved Taehyung and Taehyung just left him when he needed him the most.
 



Chapter End Notes
i feel so powerful


veertien
Chapter Notes
i think this chapter is shorter than usual but oh well
also yoonmin fluff at the end <3

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It had been a day since Taehyung left and Jungkook hadn't stopped crying. He'd stayed at Jimin's dorm and the elder didn't let go of him all night. Jungkook still couldn't believe it, he'd finally mustered up the courage to tell Taehyung he had cancer, and now he was lying on Jimin's bed, crying his eyes out.
 
Jungkook sobbed as Jimin came in with a glass of water. He put the glass on the nightstand and sat down on the edge of the bed.
 
"How you doing?" He asked softly. But Jungkook only had to look at him for Jimin to get his answer.
 
"Oh, Kookie." He sighed as he stroked Jungkook's hair, "You're a mess."
 
Jungkook let out another cry and moved his head to lay it in Jimin's lap. 
 
"I j-just can't b-believe he l-left m-me." Jungkook sobbed.
 
"I know, sweetheart." Jimin removed Jungkook's hair from his face and gave him a sympathetic smile. 
 
"How about you just go to sleep? Maybe you'll feel a bit better." Jimin said after some time. 
 
Jungkook nodded and removed his head from Jimin's lap. He laid on the bed, his head on Jimin's pillow and looked at him with teary eyes. Jimin gave him another sympathetic smile, "Go to sleep, Kookie." He whispered.
 
Before he knew it, Jungkook was asleep. Jimin sighed and stood up. His best friend was an absolute mess - not that it was his own fault. The poor guy had gone through so much in such little time. He sighed again and his phone rang - the person calling being Yoongi. He picked up the phone and stepped out to answer it.
 
--------
 

Jungkook sat on the hospital bed as he looked around the room. It was the same room he was kept in in his senior year of high school - the first time he had cancer. 

 

It terrified him, now that it had come back. 

 

He also saw the same doctor as the first time he had cancer. The doctor had a bushy moustache and all the nurses liked to joke about it. He remembered in his senior year, he made the doctor promise to shave off his moustache if he wasn't going to survive. He remembered how happy he was when the doctor didn't shave off the moustache.

 

Jungkook looked at his mother with big eyes. She pulled him into a hug, "You'll be fine, sweetie." She told him. Jungkook always believed her, he was going to be fine.

 

After some time, he saw the doctor with the funny moustache - but this time, with no moustache. He walked up to Jungkook with a knowing look in his eyes.

 

"Remember the thing you made me promise two years ago?" He said.

 

Jungkook slowly nodded, feeling tears welling up in his eyes. He was going to die.

 

"I'm sorry." Was all the doctor could say.

 

Jungkook's mother pulled him into a hug, but all Jungkook could do was stare at the doctor. Was there really nothing else they could do?

 

He remembered how two years ago, they let him ring the bell. He could start a cancer free life. He felt like the luckiest person on earth.

 

This time, he wouldn't do any of that. He had to live, knowing that any day could be his last. Knowing that this time, he wouldn't be ringing that bell. Knowing that this time, he wouldn't be walking out of that hospital cancer free. No, this time, he wasn't so lucky. This time, cancer got the best of him.

 
Jungkook sat up straight in Jimin's bed. His cheeks were wet, he'd been crying in his sleep. The tears had fallen onto Jimin's pillow - though, he was sure his best friend wouldn't mind. 
 
Jungkook sighed as he remembered that day. The day he found out he was going to die. He couldn't think of that day without crying. He remembered how his mother had begged the doctors to try harder, but he knew that they'd tried everything they could. He just had to accept the fact that he'd lost the battle this time. He'd lost the battle against cancer.
 
Jungkook grabbed his phone to see what time it was.
 
"Four o'clock." He muttered. 
 
He sighed and got out of Jimin's bed. He walked to the living room where Jimin was sitting on the couch, watching tv. 
 
"Minnie-" Jungkook started, but cut himself off before he could say anything else.
 
Jimin looked over and beckoned him over to the couch. Jungkook walked over and sat down on the couch. Jimin immediately wrapped his arms around his best friend and Jungkook couldn't help but start crying again. Jimin stroked his hair as a form of comfort, but it only made Jungkook cry harder. Stroking his hair was a thing Taehyung did a lot and Jimin doing it reminded him of Taehyung.
 
Jimin turned off the tv and the two sat in silence, the only sound being Jungkook's sobs.
 
After some time, the door opened, revealing Yoongi looking pretty angry. Jimin cradled Jungkook closer, scared of what Yoongi would do to his best friend. Yoongi scanned the room and locked eyes with Jungkook, the younger still crying. Yoongi slowly walked towards him, though Jimin shook his head, telling him to back off. Yoongi walked a few steps forward and stared down at Jungkook. The tension was thick.
 
"What did you do to him?" Yoongi growled.
 
Jungkook pushed Jimin off of him, "What did I do?" His voice sounded scared.
 
"What did you do to Taehyung? He's been crying all day!" Yoongi growled again.
 
Jungkook stood up, towering over Yoongi, "What did I do?" He repeated, "He left me!" 
 
Yoongi gave him a look, clearly not believing him, "Then why is he crying?! We both know you're an ass!" 
 
"Yoongi, stop." Jimin interfered, only to be pushed away by his boyfriend.
 
"He's crying?! He's the one who left, he left when I told him something personal, he left when I needed him. I didn't do shit!" Jungkook had started crying again.
 
Yoongi stayed quiet and Jungkook continued, "He can play the victim all he wants and you can be on his side if you please, but it doesn't change the fact that he left me when I needed him. He can cry all he wants, but he fucking knows I didn't do anything! I was just being honest! And before you ask, no I did not cheat on him, no I did not want to break up with him! All I did was fucking tell him I have fucking cancer and he fucking left!"
 
Yoongi's eyes widened, he did not know Jungkook was suffering from cancer. But there was no way Taehyung left him because of that, Taehyung would never!
 
"No." Yoongi muttered, "No, I don't believe you."
 
Jungkook's eyes widened, how could Yoongi not believe him? Why would he lie about something like this? 
 
"Yoongi, please, stop." Jimin said, pulling Yoongi away from Jungkook. He pulled him into another room, leaving Jungkook alone, with tears streaming down his cheeks.
 
Jimin pulled Yoongi into the kitchen, telling the elder to shut up and leave Jungkook alone. 
 
"There's just no way! Taehyung would never!" Yoongi yelled.
 
"Well, he did." Jimin answered, "Trust me, Jungkook would never lie about something like this, he loves Taehyung too much."
 
Yoongi pulled away from Jimin's grip and sighed, "Ok, I believe you. It's just that Tae would never do something like this."
 
Jimin shrugged and pulled his boyfriend into a hug, "Just go and apologise to him."
 
Yoongi nodded, but didn't pull away from Jimin's hug. They stayed like that for a little while, until Yoongi pulled away.
 
"Are you mad at Tae?" He asked.
 
Jimin shook his head, "Jungkook obviously is, but I'm not. I'm sure Taehyung just needs some time, he loves Jungkook too much to let him go."
 
Yoongi smiled a bit, "You're too nice, baby."
 
"I know." Jimin smiled.
 
"I don't deserve you." Yoongi sighed while pulling Jimin in for another hug.
 
"I know."



Chapter End Notes
yoongi i swear i love you baby


vijftien
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Taehyung stared at the ceiling as he laid on his bed. He still couldn't believe Jungkook had cancer. His boyfriend had cancer. His boyfriend - that he left. Taehyung didn't even know why he left. Junkook needed him, and he just got up and left. Taehyung sighed, he needed to apologise to Jungkook, though Jungkook would probably never want to see him again - not that he blamed him. It already hurt when Jungkook told him that their first kiss together was a mistake, he couldn't even imagine how Jungkook was feeling right now. It was an asshole move, he wouldn't hesitate to admit that. Who the fuck leaves their boyfriend when he has cancer? Taehyung sighed again, how was he ever going to make it up to Jungkook? Telling him he loved him wasn't going to be enough. Yes, Taehyung loved Jungkook. He'd loved him from the start. When Jungkook told him he had cancer, Taehyung was to put it simple, in shock. He wished Jungkook had told him earlier. Though, it also kind of explained why Jungkook didn't want to fall in love at first. No one want to become too attached to someone if they know they're going to lose them. Taehyung grabbed his phone, but was only met with disappointment. Still nothing from Jungkook. He'd texted him so many times, telling him how sorry he was. The only reply he got was a message from Jimin, saying that 'sorry' wasn't going to be enough. Jimin told him that if he wanted Jungkook's forgiveness, he was going to have to work for it. He'd explained what happened to Seokjin and Yoongi, though he left out the part where Jungkook told him he had cancer because it wasn't necessarily his story to tell. Yoongi became furious and had stormed off, probably going to confront Jungkook. Seokjin had pulled his brother into a hug, mumbling about how Jungkook was such an asshole. Taehyung had shook his head when Seokjin told him Jungkook wasn't good enough for him. "No, I'm not good enough for him." He'd said. It was true, though. He didn't deserve Jungkook. Jungkook deserved someone so much better. Someone who didn't let Jungkook's cancer stand in the way of their relationship. Someone who would make Jungkook's last months the best he'd ever had. Someone who deserved Jungkook. Taehyung wasn't that someone. Taehyung rolled off the bed and went to the living room. When he got there, he saw Seokjin doing some kind of work. He walked over to the couch and sat down next to his brother. Seokjin gave him a small smile, before focusing on his work. Taehyung sighed, trying to get his brother's attention. It didn't work, so he sighed louder. When that didn't work, he groaned and left.  He went back to his bedroom and threw himself on his bed. He grabbed his phone again, still nothing from Jungkook. He'd really fucking ruined their relationship. --------- Jungkook sighed as Jimin came out of the kitchen with Yoongi following him. He'd listened to their conversation and agreed with Jimin that Yoongi needed to apologise. It also made him realise something, why the fuck is he always getting blamed? Why did people always think it was his fault? Wasn't he allowed to be the victim once in a while? Jungkook looked at Yoongi expectingly. He sure as hell deserved an apology. Jimin looked at Yoongi, then nodded to Jungkook telling him to apologise. Yoongi sighed, "I'm sorry, kid." "You're gonna have to do better than that, babe."  Yoongi sighed again, "Fine. Jungkook, I"m really sorry I accused you of hurting Taehyung without knowing your side of the story. So, again, I'm sorry."  Jungkook scoffed, as if he was going to accept an apology. "I don't accept it, but whatever." Jungkook huffed. "Kookie, stop being a brat and accept the damn apology!" Jungkook stuck his tongue out. Jimin rolled his eyes at his best friend's childishness. Yoongi ignored Jungkook's childness and sat down on the couch. "Mind telling me your side of the story then?" He asked, sounding genuinely curious. Jungkook sighed and sat diwn next to Yoongi, "Long story short, I told him I have cancer and he just stood up and left." "So you really have cancer?" Yoongi asked and Jungkook nodded. "For the second time." He replied, a tear slipping down his cheek. He couldn't help but start crying whenever he talked about it. Jimin noticed Jungkook crying and rushed over to hug him. He remembered when Jungkook told him. 
"Kookie," Jimin whispered and pulled his best friend close, "tell me the whole story." 
 
Jungkook sniffled, "Taehyung asked me if I wanted to go with him to get a milkshake. I said yes, even though I don't like milkshakes, but I went because it's Taehyung and I like h-"
 
"I knew it! I knew you liked him!" Jimin cut him off. Jungkook gave him a look. "Continue." Jimin sheepishly smiled.
 
"Then when he'd finished his milkshake, we stayed at the place for a long time. Then I drove him home, but instead of just closing the door, he pulled me inside."

 
Jungkook had to take a deep breath before continuing.
 
"We watched a movie and he cuddled up to me. When he did that, I realised just how much I like him. After the movie Jin-hyung came home and saw us and it became all awkward." 
 
Jimin couldn't help but smile, what his best friend was telling him was so cute!
 
"Taehyung then pulled me to his room and we cuddled on his bed. We were staring at each other and before I could process what I was doing, I kissed him." 

 
Jungkook took another deep breath.
 
"I ended up spending the night. We kissed a lot that night and then the next morning I left before he woke up - because I was meeting you. I'd told him to text me when he woke up and he did but for some reason I told him the kiss was a mistake." 
 
"Was the kiss really a mistake?" Jimin asked.
 
Jungkook shook his head, "No. Of course not. I really did want to kiss him." 
 
"Kookie," Jimin said softly, "why are you so afraid of liking him?"
 
Jungkook felt tears welling up in his eyes, just by thinking about it.
 
"Remember my senior year? Remember what happened to me?" He said and Jimin nodded.
 
"It came back." Jungkook felt a tear slip down his cheek.
 
Jimin gasped, "Your cancer came back?" He asked and Jungkook slowly nodded.
 
"You really-"
 
"I really do." Jungkook cut him off.
 
"Why didn't you tell us? Why didn't you tell me?" Jimin's voice was barely above a whisper.
 
"I didn't want to be a burden."
 Jimin felt a tear slip down his cheek. I didn't want to be a burden is what Jungkook had said. He really could never be a burden, not even if he tried. Yoongi was silent too, Jungkook wasn't his favourite person, but he didn't want him to have cancer. Even Jungkook didn't deserve that. "Are you going to, you know?" The question was a bit personal and Yoongi's voice sounded cautious, but he couldn't help but ask. Jungkook nodded, "I have until July. July first to be exact." He sobbed into Jimin's shoulder. Yoongi was silent again. Jimin cried harder, he knew Jungkook wasn't going to survive, but he didn't know he only had until July. That meant he only had four months left. The three sat in silence, no one dared to say anything. A knock was heard and Yoongi stood up and opened the door, revealing Taehyung. Jungkook looked at him as more tears streamed down his cheeks. Taehyung took a deep breath before speaking.  "I need to talk to Jungkook."



Chapter End Notes
i'm mclovin itquestion, who's yalls favourite character from the story? mine's jimin


zestien
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




"I need to talk to Jungkook."  It was silent after Taehyung spoke. Jungkook felt Jimin's grip on him tighten. Yoongi looked at Jungkook, not knowing whether to let Taehyung in or not. All eyes were on Jungkook, all wanting to know what he was going to do. Jungkook asked Jimin to let go of him and sat up. He locked eyes with Taehyung. He slowly nodded, "Let him in, I need to talk to him too." Yoongi nodded and let Taehyung in. He then pulled Jimin into another room, giving the other two some privacy. When the couple had left, the room fell silent. Neither of them dared to to be the first to say something. Jungkook just stared at Taehyung, waiting for him to start talking. 'Talk.' Jungkook mouthed, 'Talk and I'll listen.' Taehyung opened his mouth, but no sound came out. Taehyung clearly didn't know where he to start. After a few seconds, he took a deep breath and started talking. "Kookie, I am so, so sorry for leaving. I don't even know why I did that, but I really regret it. And I know saying sorry really isn't enough but I don't know how else I could make it up to you." Tell him you love him soared through Taehyung's mind. But another thought soared through his mind as well, what if Jungkook didn't love him back? Taehyung stared at Jungkook, waiting for a reaction. He was terrified of what Jungkook's reaction was going to be. Although he would expect it, he didn't want Jungkook to break up with him - if they hadn't broken up yet. He couldn't let go of Jungkook. He didn't want to lose Jungkook. A piece of paper was shoved in Taehyung's face, snapping him out of his thoughts. 'I need some time.' It read. Taehyung nodded and said he understood. He didn't leave though. "What about us? What are we?" He carefully asked. The piece of paper got shoved in his face again. 
'Maybe it's best if we break up. I really like you, but it's not working out. So maybe we should just break up - for now. Maybe we can get back together in the future. My future, my short one. Because before I die, I want to kiss you one last time.' 
 Taehyung felt a tear slip down his cheek as he read the paper. It was the answer he was expecting, only he didn't expect it to hurt so much. "I-I u-understand." He stuttered, feeling more tears slipping down his cheeks.  He got up, getting ready to leave. He walked to the door, but before opening it, he turned around and looked at Jungkook. "Can I have one last kiss before I go." He requested. Jungkook walked up to him and kissed him passionately. Taehyung wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck - like he always did when they kissed. Jungkook pulled Taehyung close, never wanting to let go. Jungkook pulled away, but still held Taehyung close. He felt a tear slip down his cheek as he stared into Taehyung's eyes. Taehyung stroked, his thumb caressing Jungkook's skin. After a few seconds, Jungkook let go of Taehyung opened the door.  "I love you." He whispered before leaving and Jungkook's eyes widened. Taehyung loved him. I love you too. Jungkook wanted to say. He wanted Taehyung to know he loved him back. He loved Taehyung just as much as Jungkook loved Taehyung. Jungkook closed the door and sat down on Jimin's couch, tears streaming down his cheeks. Why was it so hard to tell Taehyung he loved him? All he had to do was say three simple words. Three words, eight letters that's all it was. All he had to do was say 'I love you'. But for some reason, he couldn't. He heard a sound coming from behind him and he looked over, seeing Yoongi and Jimin standing there. The two had obviously listened to what Taehyung had said. They'd seen the kiss too and thought they made up, so they really didn't understand why Jungkook was now on the couch, crying again. "So...?" Jimijn trailed off. Jungkook looked at him, "We broke up." He cried. Jimin walked over and pulled him into a hug. "I'm so sorry." He whispered, while Jungkook just cried into his shoulder. Yoongi picked up the paper that Jungkook had written on. He read it and showed it to Jimin. Jimin's eyes widened and he stroked Jungkook's hair.  "Didn't you tell him you love him?" Jimin asked and Jungkook shook his head. "I c-couldn't." He stuttered, "I d-don't k-know why n-not."  Jimin just pulled him close again, or at least he tried to. Jungkook pushed him off before he could though. Jimin gave him a confused look as Jungkook walked towards the door.  "I'm j-just gonna l-leave." He sniffled as he opened the door and left. He went back to his own dorm. When he got inside, he saw Youngjae on the couch. His roommate looked at him and his eyes widened.  "Wow, dude, what the fuck happened? You look miserable!" Youngjae exclaimed. "Nothing. Just leave me alone." Jungkook mumbled and went to his bedroom. He threw himself on his bed and sighed. The fact that he couldn't tell Taehyung he loved him still irked him. Not only that, but he broke up with Taehyung. He didn't want it. He didn't want for him and Taehyung to be apart. He wanted to be with Taehyung. He wanted to be with Taehyung for as long as he was still alive. But, he broke up with Taehyung. Taehyung wasn't his anymore. Jungkook felt a tear slip down his cheek as he remembered the heartbroken look Taehyung gave him. It hurt him just as much as it hurt Jungkook. He cried harder as he remembered how much he loved being with Taehyung. He loved everything about their relationship. Their little stay in dates. Their sweet kisses. Their cuddles. Their hand holding. Jungkook could go on for hours, thinking about all the things he loved about his and Taehyung's relationship. But, now, he'd just thrown it all away. Why did he even break up with Taehyung? His door opened and Jungkook sighed, "Dude, just leave me alone!" He yelled, clearly frustrated.  His door closed again. Youngjae understood that his roommate just wanted to be left alone. His phone beeped and he grabbed it. 
From: i love him
I'm really, really sorry :( Jungkook ignored him and his phone beeped again, this time it was his mother. 
From: mom
Jungkook, don't forget you have to go to the hospital at four. Jungkook's eyes widened, he'd completely forgotten he had to go to the hospital! What time was it now? He looked at his phone, half past three. Fuck. He had to go. He rolled off the bed and left his bedroom. He walked to the living room and grabbed his coat. "Where you going now?" Youngjae asked. "Hospital." Jungkook replied and Youngjae nodded, knowing not to ask more questions. Jungkook got in his car and drove to the hospital. The appointment wasn't anything special. Just some tests. Jungkook looked around the room he was sitting in. God, he really hated hospitals. He remembered how much he hated coming there two years ago. He hated it even more now, couldn't they just let him die in peace? If he was going to die anyways then why did he still have to come?  Jungkook sighed as he was told he was good to go. He walked out of the hospital and went back to campus. Once he got back to his dorm, he threw himself on his bed again. Cancer was such a bitch. Ruining his entire life. He stared at the ceiling, he couldn't stop thinking, stop crying, about Taehyung. He loved him so much.  Jungkook really loved Taehyung.



Chapter End Notes
how many of yall hate me now


zeventien
Chapter Notes
just for the record it's been a week since jungkook broke up with taehyung and it's now april

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Taehyung woke up, his eyes feeling all red and puffy. He'd cried himself to sleep the night before. All because Jungkook broke up with him. He'd never been this bad when someone broke up with him. Maybe it was because he was never actually serious abut those people.
 
He was serious about Jungkook. He loved Jungkook. He'd never truly loved someone before. At least, not in the same way he loved Jungkook. 
 
He didn't want to be apart from Jungkook. He didn't want to lose him. Even though he was already going to lose him. But, knowing he was going to lose Jungkook, made Taehyung want to stay even closer to him.
 
Taehyung felt a tear slip down his cheek as he kept thinking of the moment Jungkook broke up with him. He'd expected it, but that didn't mean he wanted it to happen. He wanted Jungkook to say it was fine. To say that they could still be together. To say that he forgave Taehyung. To say he loved Taehyung. Jungkook didn't do any of those things. Instead, his - now ex - boyfriend told him they should break up.
 
Maybe we could get back together, he said. I want to kiss you one last time before I die, he said. When Taehyung read that, his heart just shattered. I want to kiss you one last time before I die. What Jungkook had written down lingered in Taehyung's head. Jungkook wanted to kiss Taehyung once more before he died. He wanted to make sure his last kiss ever would be with Taehyung.
 
Taehyung felt someone sit down on the edge of his bed. The person was without a doubt Seokjin. His brother rubbed his arm as Taehyung felt another tear slipping down his cheek. He turned to face his brother.
 
Seokjin gave Taehyung a sympathetic smile, "I know you love him, but you have to get over him." He told him.
 
"I don't want to get over him." Taehyung replied. 
 
Seokjin gave him a look, Taehyung just sighed and turned around, facing away from his brother. Seokjin sighed and left the room, leaving Taehyung alone. He thought about Jungkook as he fell asleep again.
 
-------
 
"Jimin, I really don't want to go shopping." Jungkook moaned. Jimin decided it would be a great idea if he and Jungkook went shopping, just the two of them, to get Jungkook's mind off of Taehyung. Jungkook disagreed.
 
"Lighten up, Kookie, it'll be fun! Plus, we haven't hung out in a while, just the two of us." Jimin replied, running a hand through his hair.
 
"We've hung out plenty of times this week!" 
 
Jimin sighed, "Yes, but all those times it was just you crying about Taehyung. I just want to spend some time with my best friend." Jimin pouted.
 
"Fine."
 
Jimin gave him the brightest smile and hugged him.
 
They went to the mall, Jimin pulled Jungkook along and made him try on a lot of different clothes. Despite all of his complaints, Jungkook actually enjoyed himself. He'd missed hanging out with Jimin. All the times he was with Jimin lately it was either including Yoongi or Taehyung, or he was crying about Taehyung.
 
After some time, Jimin complained he was hungry and pulled Jungkook along to the food court. They got some food and sat down.
 
"So, what's been going on in your life?" Jungkook asked, he felt guilty about dumping all of his problems on Jimin and not caring about what was happening in Jimin's life at all.
 
Jimin looked at him, "Not much. Yoongi-hyung and I are going strong and all I've really been doing lately is comforting you."
 
Jungkook felt even more guilty. He really had dumped all of his problems on Jimin. Like, Jimin didn't have his own life and relationship.
 
"Sorry 'bout that." Jungkook shot Jimin a small smile.
 
Jimin shook his head, "It's fine, Kook, don't worry about it."
 
Jungkook nodded, "So, how are you and Yoongi-hyung?" He asked.
 
Jimin smiled, "As I said, we're going strong, I actually think he's going to propose to me soon!"
 
Propose. Yoongi was going to propose to Jimin. They were going to get married. Another thing Jungkook wouldn't experience. When Jungkook was younger, he always imagined what it would be like to get married. He never care about whether he was going to marry a girl or a boy, the only thing he cared about was if he loved them. He didn't care about how long they would've been together before getting married, as long as they loved each other.
 
Jungkook smiled at Jimin, "That's great."
 
They finished eating their food and then continued shopping. Jimin still made Jungkook try on outfit after outfit. Jungkook couldn't stop thinking about what Jimin had said. Jimin tought Yoongi was going to propose to him - and he probably was. His best friend was going to get married to the love of his life and he wasn't going to be there at his wedding. But, most importantly, he was jealous. Jealous of the fact that Jimin could get married.
 
He wanted to experience marriage, ever since he was a child. It was so unfair, so unfair he wasn't going to be able to experience the thing he wanted to experience most. Marriage.
 
Jimin pulled Jungkook along to another shop, when he noticed they passed a jewellery shop. A jewellery shop. Jungkook stopped Jimin from going any further and nodded towards the jewellery shop. Jimin looked at the shop and shot him a confused look.
 
"I'll just be quick." Jungkook walked into the shop and Jimin waited outside.
 
After some time, Jungkook came out of the shop, holding a small bag. Jimin looked at the bag curiously.
 
"What did you get?" He asked, his voice filled with curiosity.
 
"It's a surprise." He replied and Jimin pouted, really wanting to know what was in the bag.''
 
"Is it for someone's birthday?" Jimin asked and Jungkook shook his head.
 
"No. You'll see who and what it's for tomorrow."
 
--------
 
Taehyung sighed before shoving some bread into his mouth. He hadn't eaten all day, so Seokjin decided to take action and practically force him to eat something. Taehyung understood that his brother was only trying to help, but sometimes he just wished Seokjin would mind his own business. He finished the bread and stood up.
 
"Can i leave now?" He asked and Seokjin nodded.
 
Taehyung breathed a sigh of relief and went back to his bedroom - where he'd spent most of the day. He threw himself on his bed and stared at the ceiling. He couldn't stop thinking about Jungkook. The boy meant everything to him. He wasn't ever going to get over him.
 
He needed Jungkook, more than he ever thought he would. He needed to be with him. He couldn't stand being apart from him. He needed Jungkook.
 
He needed to know if Jungkook loved him back. He hadn't heard anything from Jungkook since the break up. the last thing Taehyung had said to him being 'I love you'. Jungkook hadn't said anything. Taehyung feared it was because he didn't love Taehyung.
 
He sighed as he grabbed his phone, one new message. It was Jungkook. Taehyung's eyes widened. Jungkook. It was really Jungkook!
 

From: Jungkookie </3 :(

come over.



Chapter End Notes
what do yall think jungkook got from the shop?


achttien
Chapter Notes
two updates in one day yayyyyyyall will love this chapter i swear

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





From: Jungkookie </3 :(
come over. Taehung had never moved so fast in his life. He scrambled to go have a shower - which he really needed. Once he got out of the shower, he threw on some decent clothes and rushed to the living room. Seokjin gave him a weird look, Taehyung had done absolutely nothing all week and all of a sudden he was rushing around.  Taehyung ignored Seokjin and grabbed a thin jacket. He grabbed the car keys and went outside. It was a nice April afternoon, Taehyung especially loved the the flowers Seokjin had planted in the front garden. He'd planted roses, Taehyung loved roses. He got in the car and drove off. On his way to campus, he kept thinking about Jungkook. It didn't really make sense to him, why would Jungkook suddenly want to talk to him? Taehyung hadn't heard from him all week, why would he suddenly want Taehyung to come over? Not that Taehyung was complaining, he wanted Jungkook to start talking to him again. It just didn't make sense to him. Jungkook hadn't said anything since their break up. No matter how many messages Taehyung sent him, he ignored all opf them. Taehyung didn't want to seem like some clingy ex who would never get over him - though he kind of was - but he didn't want Jungkook out of his life. He wanted Jungkook in his life, even as just a friend. Despite everything that had happened between them, Jungkook was without a doubt the best thing that had ever happened to Taehyung.  Taehyung reached campus and parked the car. He walked to Jungkook's dorm and knocked on the door when he got there. After a few seconds, the door opened, but instead of it being Jungkook, it was Youngjae who'd opened the door. "Tae-" He started, but quickly shut up when he remembered Taehyung was deaf. "I invited him over." A voice piped up from behind Youngjae. Youngjae looked over to see Jungkook standing there, he nodded and let Taehyung in. "I thought you broke up with him?" Youngjae asked as Taehyung sat down on the couch. Jungkook shrugged, "Can you please just give us some privacy?" Youngjae nodded qand left the dorm, leaving Jungkook alone with Taehyung. The two stared at each other for a while, Taehyung not daring to say anything and Jungkook not knowing what to say. Taehyung looked around to make things less awkward. After a few minutes, he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. 
From: Jungkookie </3 :(
i'm just going to get something from my room Taehyung looked at Jungkook and nodded. Jungkook left the room, leaving Taehyung alone.  Taehyung stared at his hands, what on earth could Jungkook want to talk about? And what was he getting from his room? It took Jungkook some time, but eventually he came back, holding a piece of paper. Taehyung gave him a confused look. Jungkook gave him the paper, 'just read it' he mouthed. Taehyung sighed and started reading the paper. 
'Taehyung,
 
First of all, I'm really sorry I haven't spoken to you in a week. It was an asshole move and just because we broke up doesn't mean we can't be friends.'
 Oh. Friends. Sure, Taehyung could do that. 
'But, I don't want to be just friends. When you told me you love me, I didn't say it back. Not because I don't love you, but because I couldn't bring myself to say it. But what I really wanted to say at that moment is, I love you Taehyung. I love you so much.'
 Taehyung's eyes widened, Jungkook loved him. 
'I want you back. I love you too much to ever let you go.
 
I want to spend the rest of my life with you, even if it's just for a short period of time. I want you to make the last months of my life the best I've ever had. I want to experience all of the things I haven't yet with you.
 
You can reject me if you want, but I have to ask you this, or else I'll be stuck with the thought of what could've been.
 
Kim Taehyung, will you-'
 The writing cut off, coming to an end. Taehyung looked at Jungkook, clearly confused. What was that last thing? What was the question? After a few seconds, he felt his phone vibrate. 
From: Jungkookie </3 :(
marry me Taehyung looked up and his eyes widened. Jungkook was on one knee, holding a velvety box with a shiny diamond ring in it. Taehyung gasped, Jungkook was proposing to him. He clasped his hands in front of his mouth. He couldn't believe it, Jungkook was really proposing to him! 'Will you marry me?' Jungkook mouthed. Taehyung felt a tear slip down his cheek as he nodded, "Yes." he breathed. Jungkook smiled as he slipped the ring on Taehyung's finger. He then kissed him passionately. He pulled away and pressed his forehead against Taehyung's. Jungkook stroked Taehyung's cheek, wiping away his tears. Taehyung pulled him in for another kiss, he'd missed the feeling of Jungkook's lips against his. "I love you so much." He whispered in Jungkook's ear before kissing him again. Jungkook pulled him along to the bedroom, his lips still against Taehyung's. Taehyung stayed the night. The night was filled with kisses. Their hands roaming each other's bodies, having missed the feeling of the other's skin. They didn't just have sex that night. That night they made love. -------- Jungkook woke up the next morning, snuggled up to Taehyung. He hugged him and kissed his temple, making Taehyung wake up and giggle. They stayed like that for some time, Jungkook peppering kisses all over Taehyung's face. Eventually, Taehyung's stomach growled. Jungkook pouted as Taehyung stood up, leaving Jungkook's arms.  "Just gonna go get something to eat." Taehyung whispered and kissed Jungkook's cheek.  Taehyung left the room and Jungkook grabbed his phone. He had loads of messages from Jimin, the elder still wanting to know what he'd got from the jewellery shop. He dialled Jimin's number and waited a few seconds for him to pick up. "Hello?" Jimin's voice asked. "Jiminie~" Jungkook singsonged, "remember that thing I got yesterday?" "That thing from the jewellery shop that you wouldn't tell me what it was?" Jimin asked. "Yes," Jungkook confirmed, "it was a ring~" Jimin gasped on the other side, "No way!" he yelled, "You proposed to him?!" Jungkook laughed, "Yes and he said yes!" Jimin gasped again, "Babe!" Jungkook heard him call out, he heard a small 'what' in the background before hearing Jimin yell; "Jungkook and Taehyung are engaged!" Jungkook smiled as he hung up on Jimin. He walked to the kitchen where he saw Taehyung making some scrambled eggs. He walked up to his fiancé and back hugged him, planting sweet kisses on his shoulder. Taehyung smiled and leaned into Jungkook's hug. They stayed like that for a while, until Jungkook's phone rang. Instead of it being Jimin, like he thought it would be, it was Yugyeom. "What do you want?" Yugyeom chuckled, "Wow, dude, way to pick up the phone."  Jungkook chuckled too, "Sorry, you just never call."  
"That's exactly why I called, we never see you anymore dude!"
 Jungkook sighed, Yugyeom was right, he hadn't seen him or Mingyu or any of the others - he actually didn't even know their names - in a while.  "Yeah, I guess." Jungkook answered. He sat down on a chair and pulled Taehyung onto his lap, resting his chin on Jungkook's shoulder.  "Seriously, though, where have you been?" Yugyeom asked and Jungkook sighed. "Just had some problems, but they're all fixed now." 
"Oh, we were starting to think you'd got a girlfriend or a boyfriend and that's why you've been skipping all those parties."
 Jungkook chuckled, "I didn't get a boyfriend, I got something even better." Yugyeom made a confused sound on the other side and Jungkook chuckled again, "I got a fiancé." "Dude!" Yugyeom gasped, "you're engaged?!" Jungkook smiled, "Yeah." he confirmed. Yugyeom gasped again, "Guys!" He caalled to what Jungkook guessed was the remains of a party, "Jungkook's getting hitched!" Jungkook smiled as he heard some people congratulate him in the background. He hung up and put his phone down, focusing his attention on Taehyung. He pecked his fiancé's neck as he hugged him close, resting his head on Taehyung's back. Jungkook sighed happily. Jungkook felt like the happiest man on earth.  



Chapter End Notes
do yall still hate me?


negentien
Chapter Notes
before this chapter starts i just wanna say, i really love taehyung

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





From: my everything <3
What about just getting married at a church? 
To: my everything <3
we're two guys. 
From: my everything <3
So? We'd just have to show their homophobic asses what they're missing. 
To: my everything <3
nah. 
From: my everything <3
Then, how about a beach wedding? 
To: my everything <3
no, sand gets everywhere. "Jungkook, please." Taehyung sighed, they were planning their wedding, but so far Jungkook had rejected every place Taehyung suggested. 
To: my everything <3
Well, I mean, I don't want to be fucking you later and then get a mouth full of sand when I'm sucking your dick! Taehyung sighed again, "Kookie, please." "Ok, ok." Jungkook laughed and pulled Taehyung close, kissing his cheek. 
To: my everything <3
let's go with the church Taehyung sighed in relief, finally Jungkook had chosen a place. Taehyung was fine with any place if he was being honest, as long as he was marrying Jungkook. But Jungkook, god, that man was so picky and Taehyung loved him with all his heart, he really did, but he couldn't help but want to strangle him sometimes. They'd already got quite far with the planning. They'd already got a cake, suits, and now, finally, a place. 
From: Daddy <3 <3
i just called them, they can fit us in next week Jungkook came back into the room and sat down next to Taehyung. Taehyung smiled and kissed his fiancé. A week was a short period of time to organise a wedding, but then again, Jungkook and Taehyung wanted to get married as soon as possible.  
To: Daddy <3 <3
Who's your best man? 
From: Daddy <3 <3
jimin. yours? 
To: Daddy <3 <3
Jin-hyung Jungkook smiled and kissed Taehyung. The kiss was sweet at first, but soon started to become more passionate. Taehyung crawled into Jungkook's lap as he wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck. Jungkook let his hands drop to Taehyung's ass and grabbed it, making Taehyung gasp. "Jin-hyung isn't home," he whispered and Jungkook nodded, liking where he was going with this, "so, how about you just fuck me on the table?" Jungkook bit his lip, he definitely liked where Taehyung went with that. He started leaving a trail of wet kisses on Taehyung's neck, his fiancé letting out a small moan. Just like Taehyung had suggested, Jungkook fucked him on the table. Then on the couch. Then against the wall. Then on the table again. Jungkook loved that Taehyung was the only person he'd ever met who could keep up with his high sex drive. Unlike most people, who usually passed out after one or two rounds. Taehyung sighed happily as he slumped against Jungkook. The younger smiled and kissed him, running a hand through his hair. They were now cuddling on the couch, half naked and littered with hickeys. Jungkook grabbed Taehyung's hand, examining the ring on his finger. He smiled, he still couldn't believe he was going to get married to Taehyung. It all felt like a dream. His thumb stroked the back of Taehyung's hand. An amazing, never ending dream. --------- "Can I be your best man?" Jungkook sighed, he thought that maybe it would be a good idea to catch up with Yugyeom and Mingyu, since he'd been ignoring them. But, of course, this was the first thing Yugyeom would say to him. "Sorry, Yugy, Jimin's my best man." He replied and Yugyeom pouted. Mingyu chuckled, "In all seriousness though, how come you never mentioned anyone named Taehyung, then you disappear for a month or two and, boom, next thing we know you're engaged." Jungkook smiled, "It's a long story." "We have time." Yugyeom smiled at him. Jungkook told them everything, from when he met Taehyung, to when he proposed to him. He left out the part of him having cancer, though. "Funny how Jimin put so much emphasis on not falling in love with Taehyung, yet you still did." Mingyu laughed. Jungkook chcukled, "He knows I never listen to him." --------- Taehyung sighed as he sat on his bed. He still had to tell Seokjin about his engagement to Jungkook. He hadn't done so yet, mainly because he was scared of how his brother would react. He was sure Seokjin would be happy for him, but it was Jungkook. Jungkook really wasn't Seokjin's favourite person.  He walked to the living room, seeing Seokjin watching some tv. "Hyungie." Taehyung spoke and Seokjin looked at him and smiled.  Taehyung walked over to wear Seokjin was sitting and sat down next to him. Taehyung took a deep breath, it was going to be harder than he thought. He was deeply afraid of Seokjin's reaction, Jungkook did break up with him only a week ago. He really didn't know what his brother's reaction would be if he told him he was now engaged to Jungkook.  "You ok?" Seokjin asked him, seeing the conflicted look in Taehyung's eyes. Taehyung nodded and took another deep breath. Maybe instead of actually saying it, he could just show it instead. He held up his lift hand and pointed to the ring on his finger. Seokjin's eyes widened, "To who?" He asked. "Jungkook." Taehyung spoke. Seokjin was silent for a few minutes. With every minute that passed, Taehyung became more and more scared. His brother didn't accept this, did he? He didn't want Taehyung to get married to Jungkook. More time passed before Seokjin smiled. "Congratulations!" He smiled and Taehyung smiled too. Seokjin pulled Taehyung in for a hug. His little brother was getting married. Maybe it was to Jungkook, but he didn't care, his little brother was getting married! "I want you to be my best man." Taehyung said and Seokjin smiled again. He would love to be his brother's best man. "When's the wedding?" He asked. "Next week." Taehyung replied and Seokjin pulled him into another hug. They stayed like that for a few minutes, until the doorbell rang. Taehyung ran over to the door and pulled Jungkook in, kissing him. Jungkook laughed and kissed his cheek, before walking into the living room. Seokjin gave him a nod of acknowledgement, which Jungkook returned as Taehyung came bouncing into the room.  "Take care of him." Seokjin said before leaving the room, leaving the lovers alone.  Jungkook certainly would take care of him. Even if it was the last thing he'd ever do. Taehyung pulled Jungkook down onto the couch and cuddled up to him. Jungkook smiled as he stroked Taehyung's hair. He really was the luckiest man on earth to be marrying Taehyung. Taehyung was everything anyone could ever want. He was the best thing that had ever happened to Jungkook. The wedding was next week. At a church. With their friends and family attending. Jungkook couldn't wait. He couldn't wait for the wedding, but he also couldn't wait for after the wedding. He'd finally have Taehyung to himself, as his husband. Jungkook smiled and kissed Taehung's temple, his fiancé giggling. Taehyung turned to face Jungkook and kissed him on the lips, giggling into the kiss. They really couldn't wait for the wedding. Jungkook suddenly got an idea and pulled out his phone. 
To: my everything <3
how about we just get married now Taehyung pulled out his phone too and looked at Jungkook. 
From:my everything <3
Now? 
To: my everything <3
yeah like today, i know a place and we have already rented the suits, so why not? 
From: my everything <3
But what about the wedding next week?We've already paid for everything 
To: my everything <3
we can still have the wedding next week it can be our 'official' wedding, even though technically we're already married 
From: my everything <3
Let's do it Jungkook smiled as Taehyung jumped up and kissed him. ------- They got married at a small chapel, Jungkook knew the owner and the owner decided to marry them himself. It was just the two of them, and the owner, no one else. They didn't have their vows prepared yet, but that didn't matter because they were going to 'get married' next week. "I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may kiss the groom."  Jungkook grabbed Taehyung by the waist and passionately kissed him, Taehyung immediately wrapping his arms around his neck and kissing him back. After a few seconds, they pulled away and pressed their foreheads against each other. They were now married. They were actually married. "I love you." Jungkook whispered, despite Taehyung not being able to hear. "I love you too." His husband whispered back. They spent the rest of the evening at the church, enjoying the fact that it was just the two of them. They danced, ate and shared loads of kisses. It all felt like a never ending dream. Though, deep down, both of them knew this wasn't going to last.



Chapter End Notes
i still really love taehyungi also really like the word fiancé


twintig
Chapter Notes
uhm yeah this chapter is basically just smut with some plot, but like contains daddy kink, spanking (just once tho) and choking kink (if you squint) so yeah. don't like, don't read!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




A week had passed and soon Jungkook and Taehyung were getting ready for their 'official' wedding. Jimin had woken Jungkook up that morning, saying he wasn't allowed to see Taehyung until the wedding. He'd pulled him out of Taehyung's arms - and screamed when Jungkook turned out to be naked - and along to his (Jimin's) own dorm. 
 
"Jimin, the suit's fine." Jungkook said as Jimin wouldn't stop pulling at his suit. 
 
"It has to be perfect, not 'fine'! You're getting ready married Kookie!" Jimin yelled in reply.
 
Jungkook sighed, "Whatever."
 
He let Jimin continue to pull at his suit for some time, until Jimin finally decided it was perfect.
 
"By the way, Yoongi just called and said that one of Taehyung's groomsmen called in sick, so he's gonna have to fill in that position himself." Jimin said, tugging at Jungkook's bow tie.
 
"I really couldn't care less, as long as I'm still marrying Taehyung." Jungkook yawned, he was tired, Jimin had woken him up at the crack of dawn. It was like Jimin was more excited for the wedding than one of the grooms himself.
 
After a few minutes, Jimin finally stopped tugging and pulling at him and smiled.
 
"Now, let's go get you married!"
 
--------
 
Before he knew it, Taehyung was walking down the aisle, with a big smile on his face. 
 
They said their vows and their 'I do's. They kissed as everyone cheered. They smiled as they pulled away.
 
The afternoon went on and Jungkook and Taehyung were constantly pulled away from each other to talk to people. Jungkook actually couldn't wait until the wedding was over, then he could finally have Taehyung to himself again.
 
--------
 
Jungkook kissed Taehyung as soon as they arrived at the hotel room they'd booked for the night. They hadn't even made it into the room before Jungkook was already kissing Taehyung. Taehyung had somehow managed to get the door open and Jungkook pushed him in.
 
"Koo-" Taehyung started, but was cut off by Jungkook pushing him against the door and kissing him again. After a few minutes, Jungkook pulled him along to the bed. 
 
Jungkook undressed them both while still kissing Taehyung. Soon they were both naked and Jungkook was pushing into Taehyung. He didn't stop until his hips met his husband's. He grabbed Taehyung's hand and intertwined their fingers. He started slowly moving as he kissed his husband's forehead.
 
Jungkook had no intentions of going rough that night, it was their wedding night after all, he just wanted to show Taehyung how much he loved him.
 
Taehyung moaned as Jungkook's hand roamed his body, his other hand still holding Taehyung's. His hand then moved up to Taehyung's neck, lightly squeezing it. Jungkook knew Taehyung had a choking kink, and after one or two times, Jungkook found himself liking it too.
 
"Daddy~ faster~" Taehyung moaned, begging Jungkook to pick up his pace. Jungkook obeyed his husband and started moving faster.
 
He moved his hand up to Taehyung's mouth and pushed his fingers in, his husband starting to suck on them. Jungkook groaned at the feeling of Taehyung's tomgue swirling around his fingers. So wet, so hot, Jungkook loved it.
 
They made love for hours that night, until they were both too exhausted to even move.
 
"I love you." Taehyung told Jungkook as he snuggled into his chest. Jungkook smiled and kissed his husband's temple. They cuddled until sleep got the best of them.
 
--------
 
The next morning, Taehyung woke up snuggled into Jungkook's chest. He stared at Jungkook's face, taking in his features. He looked so perfect in the sunlight, so soft and delicate. He stared at him for a bit, until Jungkook's eyes fluttered open, locking eyes with Taehyung.
 
They stared at each other, basking in the silence. All they wanted was each other, all they needed was each other.
 
After some time, Jungkook started moving around, making Taehyung whine. He laughed and kissed his husband. He was about to pull away but Taehyung placed his hand on the back of Jungkook's neck, keeping him in place.
 
They made out for a few minutes, when Taehyung started grinding his hips against Jungkook's. Jungkook pulled away and laughed.
 
'Really sweets?' He mouthed.
 
Taehyung whined in response, bucking his hips. Jungkook moved his hands to Taehyung's hips, holding them down. Jungkook kissed him again before sitting up to admire his artwork from the night before.
 
Taehyung was covered in hickeys, his lips were pink and swollen, he still looked so fucked out. Taehyung had begged Jungkook to be rough with him, and Jungkook, being the whipped man he is, obeyed him.
 
Jungkook was about to push himself into Taehyung, but the latter stopped him. He moved to push Jungkook on his back.
 
"Wanna-," he started, "wanna ride you." He moaned grinding his ass against Jungkook's erection, making Jungkook groan. Taehyung didn't bother to prep himself, as he was still loose from the night before. 
 
He sunk down on Jungkook's cock, making both of them moan. He stayed still a few seconds before moving. He slowly started moving up and down Jungkook's member, moaning. Jungkook's hands held Taehyung's hips, guiding him up and down.
 
Taehyung threw his head back, "Daddy~ you're so big~" he moaned. 
 
Jungkook groaned as he squeezed Taehyung's ass, making the elder moan. He squeezed it again before slapping it, Taehyung jerked forward at the feeling of Jungkook's hand. Taehyung's nails lightly scratched at Jungkook's chest, while he bounced up and down on his member.
 
"D-daddy, go-gonna c-cum~" Taehyung moaned before coming. Come landed in hot white stripes all over Jungkook's chest. Taehyung smeared some of his own come on his fingers, then shoved them in his mouth, sucking on them. The movement had Jungkook coming hard. He pulled Taehyung in for a kiss, tasting him. 
 
They kissed for a few minutes, until Taehyung pulled away and rested his head in the crook of Jungkook's neck.
 
"We really need a shower." Taehyung giggled and Jungkook nodded, though neither of them moved. They stayed on the bed, until Taehyung got up, complaining about how they really needed a shower.
 
In the shower, Taehyung started running his hands over Jungkook's body, trying to turn him on again. Needless to say, Jungkook ended up fucking Taehyung in the shower. 
 
Taehyung couldn't keep his hands off of Jungkook. He was trying to turn him on every chance he got, but if it didn't work, he would still latch onto him like a koala. 
 
Jungkook loved the fact that Taehyung couldn't keep his hands off of him. He also loved the fact that Taehyung gave into him so easily. Sometimes he would try to be dominant, but completely gave in as soon as Jungkook started kissing his neck.
 
After their shower, Taehyung pulled Jungkook down onto the bed and snuggled up to him. Jungkook wrapped his arms around his husband's waist and kissed his nose, making Taehyung giggle. After a few minutes, his phone rang, it was Jimin, of course.
 
"What do you want?" Jungkook said picking up the phone.
 
"I was just calling to say don't forget your flight leaves at six this evening." Jimin snapped.
 
Oh right. They were also leaving for their honeymoon that day. They had decided on the Bahamas, well, actually Taehyung had decided on the Bahamas, he'd told Jungkook about how he'd always wanted to go there and Jungkook couldn't help but give in to the look in his eyes.
 
"Right." Was all Jungkook said. Taehyung noticed he was on the phone and decided to tease him a bit. He ran his hand over Jungkook's stomach, until he reached his clothed member, he then started palming it. Jungkook grabbed ahold of his hand, but Taehyung didn't stop.
 

"Just so you don't forget, because knowing you, you would."

 
Jungkook hummed in reply as Taehyung kissed down his stomach, taking out Jungkook's half hard member. Jungkook slapped a hand in front of his mouth as Taehyung kissed the tip of his member, looking him straight in the eyes and smirking. The little brat was just asking to be punished.
 
"Also, in case you forgot, and you probably did, check out time is at twelve." Jimin said, but Jungkook was barely listening as Taehyung took his cock in his mouth and started sucking. 
 
Jungkook's hand flew to Taehyung's hair, guiding him up and down his cock. Jimin was talking about something else now, but Jungkook was for from listening. 
 
"Jungkook, are you even listening to me?!" Jimin said and Jungkook hummed, scared that if he did try to say anything he'd just moan instead.
 

"So, as I was saying-"

 
"Fuck, Tae, just like that bay."
 
"For fuck's sake Kook, are you really fucking Taehyung right now?!" Jimin yelled and Jungkook was starting to think he was on his man period. 
 
"Relax, Min, he's just sucking my dick. Plus, he was the one who initiated it." Jungkook groaned as soon as he'd finished his sentence.
 
"Geez, you really can't keep your hands to yourself, can you?" Jimin sighed.
 
"I mean, I could, but why would I want to?" Jungkook laughed before groaning again.
 
"Don't quote Selena Gomez on me!" Jimin yelled before hanging up.
 
Jungkook rolled his eyes as he pulled Taehyung off of his member, his husband staring at him with big eyes. He gave him a look, 'you're just asking to be punished' it said and Taehyung bit his lip, knowing he was going to get exactly what he wanted.
 
Needless to say, Jungkook and Taehyung needed another shower after that.
 
 



Chapter End Notes
i've always wanted to go to the bahamas
i also actually have no idea how weddings work
and yes, 'sweets' is back :)
also do yall think something is wrong with jimin or that he's just being a bitch?


éénentwintig
Chapter Notes
taekook honeymoon yayyy! also more daddy kink and spanking, don't like, don't read!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The plane touched down in the Bahamas and Jungkook sighed, they'd finally arrived. That sixteen hours long flight killed him. Luckily, they'd been bumped up to first class after Taehyung told one of the people in the airport they were on their honeymoon, but still, that sixteen hours long flight killed him. 
 
Jungkook tapped Taehyung's shoulder to wake him up. Taehyung woke up and looked at him. 
 
"Have we landed?" He asked and Jungkook nodded, kissing his cheek.
 
Taehyung smiled and kissed Jungkook's lips. They'd finally arrived. Finally their honeymoon could start. Taehyung couldn't wait for the honeymoon ever since Jungkook proposed. He could finally go to the Bahamas and be with Jungkook. And the non-stop sex was a bonus.
 
They got off the plane and got their suitcases. They hired a car to drive around in and get them to the resort they were staying at. It was a private resort, one of those resorts that have their little huts on the ocean. They'd went all out of course, it was their honeymoon after all. Taehyung's parents were so kind to put some money towards the whole thing, Jungkook's parents did too, but not so much, since they were already struggling with money problems. 
 
They arrived at the resort and got the key to their hut at the reception. They walked to the hut, Taehyung smiled when he saw which one it was. It was absolutely perfect, it had the most beautiful ocean view and happened to be very private. Taehyung was already head over heels in love with the Bahamas.
 
They got into the hut and before Jungkook could even shut the door, Taehyung was kissing him. Jungkook shut the door and wrapped his arms around Taehyung's waist, pulling him close. Taehyung giggled as he pulled away, he pulled Jungkook along to the balcony of the hut. He leaned over the railing, taking in the ocean view. Jungkook came up behind Taehyung and wrapped his arms around Taehyung's waist, kissing his cheek. 
 
"I can't believe we're actually here! It's so beautiful!" Taehyung smiled.
 
Jungkook smiled, "You're even more beautiful." He said, even though Taehyung couldn't hear him. He was telling the truth though, Taehyung was more beautiful than any other thing in the world.
 
But Taehyung was still right, the ocean looked so beautiful. The sun was still setting and the colours reflected by the ocean were absolutely breathtaking. Breathtaking, just like Taehyung. 
 
Jungkook hadn't noticed Taehyung had fallen asleep until he slumped back against Jungkook. He chuckled and carried his husband to the bed, it was a king sized one, perfect. He changed Taehyung into one of his own shirts, it was just a plain oversized white one and it looked massive on Taehyung, but he still looked gorgeous as ever.
 
He changed into some sweatpants and crawled into the bed beside Taehyung. His husband immediately latched onto him, nuzzling his face into the crook of Jungkook's neck. Jungkook smiled and wrapped his arms around his husband. Eventually, Jungkook fell asleep. 
 
--------
 
When Jungkook woke up the next morning, the bed was empty beside him. He sat up to see Taehyung standing on the balcony, looking out at the ocean. He got up from the bed and walked towards where Taehyung was standing. Jungkook back hugged Taehyung and kissed his cheek.
 
"I love you." Taehyung mumbled, leaning back against Jungkook.
 
Jungkook placed his hand on top of Taehyung's and kissed his temple. He then rested his chin on Taehyung's shoulder and Taehyung leaned his head against Jungkook's. They stood there for some time, in that position, loving the silence and just listening to the sound of the ocean. It was absolutely perfect.
 
Eventually, Taehyung moved, saying something along the lines of 'I'm hungry' and 'I want to eat'. Jungkook kissed Taehyung before going inside to eat. That was when they realised they didn't have any food, so they had to go to a supermarket. Luckily, there was a supermarket within driving distance. They just got some basic stuff, like bread and milk. 
 
Back in the hut, they made some toast. It wasn't much, but it was enough for the morning. 
 
After they'd finished eating, they went to the balcony again to stare at the ocean. Jungkook wrapped his arms around Taehyung as the elder grabbed his hand. They stood there in silence for some time, enjoying the other's presence.
 
Jungkook kissed Taehyung's cheek and nuzzled his face into the crook of his neck. After a few minutes, Taehyung started moving around. He started moving his hips back and Jungkook bit his lip, Taehyung doing that meant his ass was pressed against Jungkook's clothed member. 
 
Jungkook started moving his hips along with Taehyung as his hand slid down Taehyung's stomach, grabbing his member through his jeans. Taehyung let out a moan, grinding his hips further back. Jungkook's hand found it's way into Taehyung's jeans, his finger circling his hole. Taehyung let out a low moan as his head dropped forward. Jungkook pushed in two fingers at once and Taehyung let out a loud moan.
 
"Daddy~" He moaned, fucking himself on Jungkook's fingers. Jungkook bit his lip, the sight of Taehyung fucking himself on his fingers was so hot. Jungkook inserted another finger as he kissed Taehyung's neck. 
 
Eventually, Jungkook pulled Taehyung's jeans down to insert himself into Taehyung. He kissed his shoulder as he pushed the tip of his member into Taehyung's hole. Taehyung threw his head back, moaning loudly. He kept pushing in until his hips met his husband's ass. Jungkook roughly squeezed it as he started moving. Taehyung let his head drop forward again, moaning loudly. Jungkook started moving faster and Taehyung's moans started getting louder.
 
"D-daddy~" he moaned and Jungkook slapped his ass, pounding into him. Taehyung moaned loudly at the feeling and grabbed Jungkook's hair, pulling it. Jungkook groaned and slapped his ass again. Jungkook's other hand moved to Taehyung's member, jerking him off. Taehyung threw his head back and Jungkook used the opportunity to kiss his neck. 
 
"D-daddy~ stop~ 'm go-gonna c-cum." Taehyung whined, still pulling at Jungkook's hair. 
 
"Cum for me baby." Jungkook groaned, despite Taehyung not hearing him. 
 
A few more tugs at Taehyung's cock and he was coming all over Jungkook's hand with a loud moan. Jungkook soon followed, biting down on Taehyung's shoulder. They stayed still for a few minutes, still coming down from their high. Taehyung then turned his head to kiss Jungkook.
 
They were the happiest people on earth.
 
--------
 
Two weeks had passed, it now being May, and Jungkook and Taehyung were back in Seoul. They were both exhausted and Taehyung had fallen asleep on Jungkook's shoulder on the way back. Jungkook was struggling to keep his eyes open too, but he was driving so he had to force them open. 
 
They fell asleep again as soon as they'd reached Jungkook's dorm. Youngjae had welcomed them back, but told them to go to sleep, seeing how exhausted they were. 
 
Jungkook woke up a few hours later, because he kept hearing his phone beep. He grabbed it, seeing that the person who was messaging him was Jimin. Judging by the messages he was sending him, Jimin wasn't happy. Then again, Jimin had seemed off for the past two weeks, he hadn't been his usual bubbly self. Jungkook was honestly starting to worry about him, he knew something was wrong with his Jimin and he dreaded to think about what.
 
He grabbed his phone, careful not to wake Taehyung up. He scrolled through the messages, some of them just asking him how the honeymoon was, others seeming more off. There was one message that made him stop scrolling.
 

From: short-hyung

Kookie? I know you just came back from your honeymoon with Tae but I need to talk to you
 
Jungkook stared at his phone, he couldn't think of anything that Jimin could possibly want to talk about. Though, whatever it was, Jimin should know he could always come to Jungkook. Even if he didn't want to, Jungkook would have to listen, seeing as he'd dumped all of his problems on Jimin, so technically he did owe Jimin.
 

To: short-hyung

of course you can
wanna meet up or?
 
Jimin only took a few minutes to reply.
 

From: short-hyung

Can you come over? I'd rather tell you in person
 

To: short-hyung

now?
 

From: short-hyung

Please, idc if you bring Tae, knowing that wherever you go, he goes
But I just want someone to talk to
 
Jungkook responded, saying he would be as quick as possible, and got out of bed, waking Taehyung up in the process. Taehyung whined at the feeling of Jungkook leaving the bed, making grabby hands at his husband. Jungkook smiled and kissed Taehyung's forehead. He grabbed a piece of paper, telling Taehyung he was going to meet up with Jimin and Taehyung nodded, whining that he wanted another kiss. Jungkook smiled and kissed him on the lips, before leaving to go to Jimin's dorm.
 
He walked to Jimin's dorm, knocking on the door and opening it when he heard a faint 'come in'. Jungkook saw Jimin sitting on the couch, eating ice cream and looking dead inside.
 
"Jimin," Jungkook started, "what's wrong?"
 
Jimin looked at Jungkook, tears welling up in his eyes,
 
"Yoongi broke up with me."



Chapter End Notes
again i swear i love yoongi


tweeëntwintig
Chapter Notes
this is more of a yoonmin focused chapter at the start but like still in taekook's pov, if that makes sense
also i live for clingy and whiny taehyung

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




"Yoongi broke up with me."
 
Jungkook was silent. Yoongi broke up with Jimin. He really didn't see that one coming. Wasn't Jimin talking about Yoongi proposing just weeks ago? Jungkook didn't understand. He said nothing, instead he just walked over to Jimin and pulled him into a hug, the elder crying into his shoulder.
 
"Did he say why?" Jungkook asked. 
 
Jimin shrugged, "He basically just told me he didn't love me anymore."
 
Impossible. Yoongi was head over heels for Jimin. Even a blind person could see that.
 
"Bullshit. He knows damn well he's head over heels for you." Jungkook responded, rubbing Jimin's arm soothingly. 
 
Jimin sniffled, "That's what I thought."
 
Jimin sighed as more tears streamed down his cheeks. Jungkook bit his lip, unsure of what to say. It didn't make sense to him, Yoongi never showed any signs of not being in love with Jimin anymore, if anything it seemed like he fell in love with him all over again every day.
 
"When did he break up with you?" Jungkook asked after a few minutes of silence.
 
"After your wedding." Jimin responded, resting his head on Jungkook's shoulder. 
 
So that's why Jimin was so pissed off the next morning. Jungkook had thought it was something he'd done, but turns out it was just because Yoongi broke up with Jimin and he took it out on Jungkook. It also explained why Jimin had seemed off the past two weeks.
 
"Why didn't you tell me." Jungkook whispered, he felt bad about the fact that Jimin had to deal with it alone, since Jimin didn;t really hang out with anyone else on campus, sure occasionally he hung out with Hoseok and/or Namjoon, but not enough for him to want to go to them with something like this.
 
Jimin looked at him, "Because you were on your honeymoon. I didn't wanna ruin it with my problems. Those two weeks were about you and Taehyung only."
 
Jungkook sighed, "Minnie, you know you can always come to me, even if I'm on my honeymoon. I mean, I might not respond immediately, because it's still my honeymoon and Tae was looking like a full course meal-"
 
Jimin cut him off by playfully hitting him, laughing a bit. Jungkook laughed too.
 
"At least I got you smiling again." He chuckled, hugging Jimin.
 
They talked for some time after that, Jungkook trying his very best to make Jimin smile as much as he could. Eventually, Jimin mumbled about being and tired and said he was just going to go to sleep. Jungkook nodded and gave Jimin a sympathetic smile. Jimin shot him a small smile in return and took off to his bedroom.
 
Jungkook went back to his own dorm after Jimin had fallen asleep. He opened the door to see Taehyung talking to Youngjae on the couch. Taehyung's eyes lit up when he saw Jungkook and beckoned him over. Jungkook walked over to him and pecked him on the lips, before sitting down next to him, Taehyung crawling into his lap. He looked at Youngjae, asking him what Taehyung was saying.
 
Youngjae chuckled, "He's been ranting to me about how it should be illegal that you don't like milkshakes." 
 
Jungkook laughed and shook his head, pulling Taehyung close. Taehyung giggled and kissed Jungkook's cheek. Youngjae stood up and looked at them,
 
"He really is one of a kind." He laughed.
 
Jungkook smiled, "I know."
 
Youngjae retreated to his room and shut the door, leaving the couple alone. Taehyung nuzzled his head into the crook of Jungkook's neck, mumbling about how he'd missed him. Jungkook laughed and stroked Taehyung's hair, he wasn't even gone for that long. Though, he did love it when Taehyung was being clingy.
 
"What did Jimin want?" Taehyung asked after a few minutes of silence and Jungkook pulled out his phone.
 

To: my everything <3

he just wanted to talk about something
it was nothing important
 
Taehyung looked at Jungkook, "Really? Because Yoongi-hyung told me they broke up."
 
So Yoongi had told Taehyung, either that or Taehyung had pried it out of him. Either way, Taehyung knew of their breakup. 
 

To: my everything <3

what did yoongi-hyung say?
 
Taehyung kissed Jungkook and typed in a reply.
 

From: my everything <3

He said they got into some kind of fight and then Jimin broke up with him
 
Jimin broke up with Yoongi? But, Jimin had told Jungkook that Yoongi was the one who broke up with him. Jungkook was beyond confused now.
 

To: my everything <3

but jimin told me yoongi broke up with him?
 
Taehyung shrugged and took Jungkook's phone from his hands and placed it in his back pocket. Jungkook made a mental note to Jimin again later. Jungkook stared at the floor for a few minutes, until Taehyung whined because his husband wasn't paying attention to him. Jungkook chuckled and kissed Taehyung's cheek, pulling him close.
 
Taehyung whined about how it wasn't enough and kissed Jungkook on the lips. Taehyung wrapped his arms around Jungkook's neck and straddled him. Jungkook's hands dropped to Taehyung's hips, gripping them. They made out for a few minutes and Taehyung slowly started grinding his hips against Jungkook's. 
 
"god, if you two are gonna fuck at least do it in your bedroom." Youngjae's voice had Jungkook pulling away and Taehyung groaned, leaning his head on Jungkook's shoulder.
 
Jungkook flipped Youngjae off and Youngjae just laughed, "Look, I know you two are married and in love, but I live here too and whilst you are both beautiful I really don't wanna see you two fuck."
 
Jungkook rolled his eyes and pulled Taehyung along to the bedroom to finish what they started. Jungkook made sure Taehyung was loud to piss Youngjae off.
 
And it definitely worked.
 
--------
 
The next day, Jungkook went to Jimin's diorm again to ask him what really went down between him and Yoongi. Jimin gave him a confused look when he opened the door, he was not expecting to see Jungkook there. Jimin let Jungkook in and Jungkook plopped himself on the couch, making himself comfortable.
 
"Uhm, Kookie, not that I mind, but why are you here?" Jimin asked, sitting down next to Jungkook.
 
"Sweets told me that Yoongi-hyung told him that you broke up with him. I just came to ask what really happened between you two, I'll leave if you don't wanna tell me." Jungkook responded.
 
Jimin sighed and was silent for a few minutes, before sighing again and nodding.
 
"I'll tell you the whole story."
 
Jungkook nodded, Taehyung had went to talk to Yoongi, to hear his side of the story and basically they were just going to try and get them back together. Yoongi and Jimin had to be together, whether they wanted it or not. Yoongi and Jimin belonged together.
 
"So," Jimin started, "after yours and Taehyung's wedding we went back to his apartment. We made out on his bed, but I knew something was bothering him. I pulled away to ask what was wrong but he just waved me off."
 
Jimin paused for a few seonds, his voice getting a little shaky.
 
"I got annoyed at him because he never tells me anything, and I know he isn't entitled to telling me everything, but I just want him to honest with me sometimes, because he never is. It didn't help that we'd been fighting a lot lately. It was like every little thing we did set the other off."
 
Tears welled up in Jimin's eyes and Jungkook pulled him into a hug. It was silent for a few seconds before Jimin continued, 
 
"So, I got annoyed at him and told him he could be honest with me but he kept insisting it didn't matter. I told Yoongi-hyung I just want him to be honest with me and he yelled at me, saying that it was none of my business-"
 
"But, you're his boyfriend!" Jungkook interfered.
 
"That's what I said," Jimin replied, "he then started yelling about how I'm always trying to interfere with his life and that he was sick of it. Of course I got mad and started yelling back and we got into this huge fight. Eventually, I told him that if he was so sick of me he should just leave, so he did. I thought he'd come back, so I stayed at his apartment, but he never came back that night."
 
Tears were streaming down Jimin's cheek now and Jungkook hugged him close. He didn't know Yoongi and Jimin had been fighting a lot, it never showed. They always seemed so close and in love, he would've never thought they'd been fighting a lot. 
 
"Did you speak to him after that?" 
 
Jimin nodded, "I went back to his apartment the next day and tried to talk to him, but it just turned into another big fight, then he told me we were over and left."
 
Jungkook bit his lip, unsure of what to say. He knew what Jimin felt like and it wasn't a nice feeling. They sat in silence for some time. Jungkook noticed Jimin slumped against him, the poor boy had cried himself to sleep. He carried Jimin to his bed and tucked him in. He wiped Jimin's hair out of his face and sighed, so this is what he was like when he was going through the whole thing with Taehyung. The amount of shit he must've put Jimin through. He left Jimin's dorm and texted Taehyung.
 

To: my everything <3

you get anything out of yoongi?
 
Taehyung responded within a few minutes and Jungkook started walking back towards his own dorm. 
 

From: my everything <3

Hyung's a mess, I'll tell you when you come home
 
Home. Jungkook loved how Taehyung called his dorm 'home'. It wasn't a big house like Seokjin's or a bigger apartment like Yoongi's. It was just a small, crappy dorm, but to Jungkook - and now Taehyung too - it was home.
 
Jungkook's dorm was their home.



Chapter End Notes
my cat won't stop sitting on my laptop
also i love jungkook


drieëntwintig
Chapter Notes
ariana grande is my queen

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jungkook got to his dorm and went to his bedroom, where he saw Taehyung lying on the bed. He walked over to his husband and kissed him on the lips. He laid down beside Taehyung, the elder immediately latching onto him and laying his head on Jungkook's shoulder.
 
"Did you get anything out of Jimin?" Taehyung asked after a few minutes of silence.
 
Jungkook nodded and told him what Jimin had told Jungkook, via text of course. Taehyung bit his lip, both Yoongi and Jimin were an absolute mess. He'd gone to Yoongi's apartment, but couldn't really get him to talk. He then explained what happened to Jungkook,
 

"Hyungie~" Taehyung smiled as he walked into Yoongi's apartment.

 

His smile quickly faltered when he saw Yoongi. Yoongi was on the couch, looking miserable with dark circles under his eyes. The apartment smelled like smoke and there were loads of empty bottles surrounding Yoongi. 

 

"Hyung," Taehyung said softly and Yoongi looked up at him, "You're a mess."

 

Yoongi sighed, he knew he was a mess. He knew he was miserable without Jimin. He knew he needed Jimin.

 

"D'you wanna talk about it?" Taehyung asked, sitting down next to Yoongi. Yoongi shook his head, mumbling something, though Taehyung of course couldn't hear him.

 

"Hyungie," Taehyung pouted, "I know you and Jimin broke up, but maybe talking about it will help."

 

Yoongi looked at Taehyung. He was silent for a few seconds, before opening his mouth, 

 

'I love him.' He mouthed.

 

Taehyung sighed, "Hyungie, I know you love him. Everyone knows you love him."

 

A tear slipped down Yoongi's cheek, 'I don't know why I let him go.' He mouthed and Taehyung sighed again.

 

It was silent again for a few minutes. More tears slipped down Yoongi's cheeks as he stared at the ceiling. He looked at Taehyung, before mouthing, 'I want him back.'

 

"Then go talk to him, you're not going to get him back by just sitting around and crying about how much you love him. You need to let him know you want him back." Taehyung said and Yoongi sighed.

 

It was silent again after that and after some time, Yoongi asked Taehyung to leave, wishing to be alone. Taehyung sighed and walked towards the door, but before opening it, he turned around and looked at Yoongi.

 

"Talk to Jimin." He said before leaving.

 
"And that's what happened." Taehyung said, he'd explained everything to Jungkook after Jungkook told him how it went with Jimin.
 
"They're both such idiots." Jungkook muttered to no one in particular. He sighed and threaded his fingers through Taehyung's hair.
 
Jungkook was tempted to go to Yoongi's apartment himself and talk some sense into him. It was Jimin for fuck's sake, the person who'd basically saved Yoongi's life. The person who Yoongi loved the most, whether Yoongi himself knew that or not.
 
Taehyung sighed, "I don't know what to do with them."
 
Jungkook grabbed his phone and sighed before typing a message to Taehyung.
 

To: my everything <3

how about we just let them figure it out themselves
they're both grownups, they should be able to figure their shit out
plus idk if i should interfere anyways, seeing that i don't have much time left
 
Jungkook felt Taehyung's grip on him tighten as he read the messages. He noticed a tear slip down Taehyung's cheek and he pulled him close, kissing his temple.
 
"I don't want you to go." Taehyung sniffled, pulling Jungkook closer, if that was possible.
 
Jungkook stroked Taehyung's hair, he knew Taehyung didn't want him to go. He didn't want to go either. He wanted to stay with Taehyung. He wanted to be with Taehyung for so much longer. He wanted to grow old with Taehyung. It sounded sappy and cliché, but it's what Jungkook wanted.
 
They laid on the bed for a while, hugging each other close. Neither of them wanted Jungkook to die. They both agreed their time together was way too short. Though, they'd done what most couples do in a lifetime in such a short period of time. They met, they fell in love, they fought, they got married. They did all of those things in such a short period of time. Yet, it wasn't enough. They wanted more, they wanted more time together. But, the life we live isn't so simplistic, is it? You just don't get what you want.
 
After some time, Taehyung sighed and lifted his head from Jungkook's shoulder. He kissed Jungkook before speaking, 
 
"How about instead of sitting here, dreading what is to come, we go and do somthing?" He said and Jungkook nodded, kissing Taehyung again.
 
"Milkshakes?" Taehyung suggested and Jungkook laughed, of course Taehyung would suggest they'd go for a milkshake.
 
Jungkook nodded and Taehyung smiled, kissing Jungkook again.
 
"I need a shower first, though, "Taehyung said, standing up, "join me?~"
 
Jungkook chuckled and stood up too, Taehyung knew damn well Jungkook was going to join him, whether he wanted him to or not. Taehyung giggled, kissing Jungkook before heading towards the bathroom, Jungkook following close behind.
 
--------
 
Jungkook and Taehyung held hands as they walked down the street. They didn't care about the judging looks they received, there was no time to care.
 
They went to the milkshake place - which Jungkook honestly still didn't know the name of - and Taehyung ordered his usual, a strawberry milkshake. Jungkook just decided on some water. He was feeling a little sick all of a sudden. Sick as in light headed, maybe it was better that they were sitting down. Taehyung noticed the look on Jungkook's face and figured something wasn't right.
 
"Kookie, are you alright?" He asked, giving Jungkook a worried look.
 
Jungkook just smiled and nodded. Though, Taehyung wasn't convinced and every so often he'd ask Jungkook if he was alright. Jungkook kept nodding and insisting he was fine, but Taehyung could clearly see something wasn't right. 
 
"Kookie, if you don't feel right, just tell me, we'll go home. It's fine." Taehyung said.
 
Jungkook smiled and shook his head, still insisting he was fine. Taehyung was still not convinced but decided to just let if go.
 
After some time, Jungkook started feeling really light headed. It looked like the room was spinning, he felt like he was going to either throw up or faint. He sat back and slowly breathed in and out. He started feeling really hot, too hot. He grabbed his phone and quickly typed out a message to Taehyung.
 

To: my everything <3

can we get out of here?
can we go to the park instead?
 
Taehyung looked at him and nodded, grabbing Jungkook's hand and helping him up. He wrapped an arm around Jungkook's waist. He knew Jungkook wasn't feeling well and was scared he might faint.
 
Jungkook insisted on going to the park, insisting that maybe it would help a bit. Taehyung brought him to the park, and received a few concerned looks on the way there, and laid Jungkook down on the grass.
 
Taehyunng sat down next to Jungkook and stared at him. He placed a hand on his forehead, his forehead wasn't warm or anything, but he did seem very pale and couldn't really seem to think straight. Taehyung knew there was something wrong with him and hoped it was just a fever and not something worse, though deep down, he knew it wasn't just a fever, he knew there was way more to it.
 
Taehyung sighed and stroked Jungkook's cheek. Jungkook looked at his husband, a weak look in his eyes. Jungkook knew he didn't have much time left, he knew.
 
'Can we go home?' He mouthed and Taehyung nodded.
 
Taehyung helped Jungkook stand up and helped him get back to the dorm. He received more concerned looks on the way back and a few offers to call the doctors. One woman was even so kind to help Taehyung take Jungkook back. She asked him if Jungkook was alright and Taehyung smiled, telling her it was just a fever. The woman nodded and left.
 
Taehyung closed the door and saw Jungkook standing in the middle of the living room. He stumbled a bit and Taehyung told him to lie down. Jungkook was about to walk towards the couch before he stumbled some more and then fell backwards.
 
"Jungkook!" He heard Taehyung call.
 
Taehyung calling his name was all he heard before everything around him went black.



Chapter End Notes
i've got nothing to say so i'm just gonna say, i think my cat hates me


vierentwintig
Chapter Notes
yall might wanna get some tissues

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Jungkook stirred a little before his eyes fluttered open. White. All he saw was the colour white. What happened and where was he? He shifted a little, before going to sit up. He couldn't though, because a hand held him down.
 
"Don't move." A voice said.
 
He laid back down again. He stared at the white ceiling. The voice sounded familiar, but he couldn't quite grasp who it belonged to. Deep and rich. Silky smooth. Taehyung. The voice belonged to Taehyung. Jungkook turned his head to the side a little and saw Taehyung sitting beside the bed - apparently he was in a bed. He'd been crying.
 
"Tae?" He croaked and Taehyung looked up. He couldn't hear Jungkook, but he knew he called his name. Taehyung looked at his husband with a sad look in his eyes. A tear slipped down his cheek and that's when Jungkook realised, he was going to die, wasn't he? This day. That's why Taehyung looked so sad, he knew.
 
"I don't want you to go." Taehyung sniffled and Jungkook gave him a loving look.
 
He knew Taehyung didn't want him to die. It wasn't fair, why him? Why not someone else? People mean it when they say life is unfair.
 
They stared at each other for some time, until another person walked into the room, followed by a few more people. Jungkook looked over and saw his parents, along with Jungkook's brother and Jimin. 
 
"Mom." Jungkook weakly called out and his mother got tears in her eyes.
 
"I know, sweetie." She said, a tear slipping down her cheek.
 
Her son was dying. Her son was going to be taken away from her. She hated it. She hated how it had to be Jungkook, he was so young. He'd just got married too.
 
Jungkook's mother looked at Taehyung and sat down next to him, rubbing his back soothingly. She couldn't even imagine what Taehyung must've been feeling like, his husband was dying. The man he fell in love with was dying, was going to be taken away from him, and there was nothing he, or anyone, could do about it.
 
Jungkook's brother pulled Jimin into a hug, who was now crying too. Everyone was crying, even his father had tears in his eyes.
 
Of course they were, everyone was going to lose something. For Jungkook, it was his life. For Taehyung, it was the love of his life. For his parents, it was their son. For his brother, it was his brother. For Jimin, it was his best friend. They were all going to lose something. They were all going to have to see Jungkook die, and all they could do was watch.
 
After some time, one of the doctors came in, saying they were going to run some final tests. Jungkook didn't see the point of the tests, they were best just letting him die, there was nothing they could do anyways.
 
After the tests were done, his room was empty. He stared at the ceiling, he didn't want to die, he wanted to live and be with Taehyung. The door opened and Jungkook's mother came in, alone. She sighed and walked over to Jungkook and sat down beside him. She gave him a sympathetic smile and stroked his cheek, but she couldn't help but let a tear slip. This was her son for God's sake, she didn't want to lose her son. Especially not to such a bitch like cancer.
 
"I don't want to die." Jungkook said, his voice sounding weak.
 
"I know." His mother stroked his cheek.
 
"I love him."
 
"I know."
 
"I don't want to leave him." 
 
"I know."
 
Jungkook's mother knew all of this. She knew how much her son loved Taehyung. She knew how hard it was for the both of them, they'd finally found each other and now Jungkook was going to leave.
 
Jungkook felt a tear slip down his cheek. He really didn't want to leave. He'd finally found Taehyung, he finally had someone he loved and it wasn't going to last. The euphoria they'd felt at their wedding was now gone. It was replaced by utter fear and sadness.
 
Jungkook's mother sighed, wiping the tear on Jungkook's cheek away. She stroked his cheek as Jungkook looked at her with big eyes.
 
"Is Jimin still here?" Jungkook asked and his mother nodded, calling Jimin in. 
 
Jimin came in with a sad look in his eyes and sat down on the edge on the bed. Jungkook reached for his hand and Jimin grabbed it, stroking the back of it with his thumb. Tears welled up in both Jimin and Jungkook's eyes.
 
"I can't believe you're really leaving." Jimin said after a few minutes of silence and Jungkook looked at him.
 
Jimin sighed, "I've known you since we were small and now you're just going to die."
 
Jungkook's grip on Jimin's hand tightened. It was weird, Jimin was going to see his best friend, whom he'd known since childhood, die. Never had they thought one of them was going to die young. They still wanted to do so many things together, they even had a deal that if they weren't married by the time they were fifty, the'd just get married to each other. 
 
Jimin remembered how happy he was when Jungkook told him he beat cancer the first time he had it. He remembered how he couldn't stop hugging him, he was so happy he wasn't going to lose his best friend, but now, Jungkook wasn't so lucky. Jimin was going to see him die and all he could do was watch, helplessly. He hated how he couldn't do anything. He hated how he couldn't save Jungkook. If he felt like this, god only know how Taehyung was feeling.
 
"Minnie," Jungkook started after a few minutes, "after I die, tell Taehyung to look in the top drawer of the nightstand beside our bed, he'll know what you're talking about."
 
Jimin nodded and stood up to leave, but stopped when Jungkook told his name, 
 
"Can you send Taehyung in?"
 
Jimin nodded and a few minutes later, Taehyung entered the room. Taehyung looked the worst, he hadn't stopped crying since Jungkook fainted. But, to Jungkook, he still looked so beautiful. He would always look beautiful to Jungkook, no matter what he looked like, whether he'd just woken up, whether he'd been crying for ages, whether he was smiling, he would always look beautiful to Jungkook.
 
Taehyung walked over to the bed and sat down in a chair beside it. Both of them sat in silence, knowing this was going to be their last moment together. Taehyung was crying and Jungkook raised his hand to wipe away his tears. Taehyung pressed his face into the palm of Jungkook's hand. He was going to miss his touch.
 
Jungkook hoped the best for Taehyung. He hoped Taehyung would find someone, someone who deserved him. He hoped he would find happiness in his life. He hoped he would find love again, the kind of love he deserved. And as much as Jungkook wished he could be the person to give Taehyung all that, he couldn't.
 
Their time together was so short, yet in that short period of time, they'd managed to fall so hard in love.
 
Taehyung knew he was always going to love Jungkook. They say that there's always going to be someone who, no matter what, you're always going to love. For Taehyung, Jungkook was that person.
 
Taehyung knew Jungkook was his soulmate. He remembered how he'd asked Seokjin what a soulmate was,
 

"A soulmate is like a best friend, but more. They're the one person in the world that knows you better than anyone else. They're someone who makes you a better person, well, actually, they don't make you a better person, you do that yourself because they inspire you.

 
A soulmate is someone who you carry with you forever. They're the one person who knew you, accepted you, and believed in you before anyone else did or when no else would. And no matter what happens, you'll always love them." Is what Seokjin had said.
 
Taehyung thought of Jungkook. The description fit Jungkook perfectly. Taehyung knew Jungkook was his soulmate.
 
Taehyung knew that deep down, he would always love Jungkook. Even if he met someone else - and he most likely would - he would always love Jungkook. Jungkook would always have a special place in his heart, he'd always carry Jungkook around with him in his heart, wherever he went.
 
"I love you." Taehyung whispered, grabbing Jungkook's hand.
 
He kissed the back of it and pressed his forehead against it, tears spilling form his eyes.
 
A new season was arriving. They were all going to start a new chapter in their life, except for Jungkook. They were all going to head into the summer, yet leaving a part of them behind in spring.
 
Jimin was going to become a senior in college. Jungkook's parents were going to see their son graduate from college. Yoongi was finally going to produce a song - one he'd been working on for ages. And Taehyung was going to start a new life, a new life as a model. He'd been asked to model for a company, the same one Seokjin modelled for.
 
And then there was Jungkook. Jungkook wasn't going to start a new chapter in life. His story ended here. In a hospital. With his lover by his side. His story, unlike everyone else's, ended early. His story, unlike everyone else's, was only short. Yet, Jungkook loved his story. He'd loved everything that happened in his story. The only part he didn't like, was the ending.
 
The room was silent, both of them listening to the sound of their hearts beating. Taehyung's grip on Jungkook's hand tightened as he listened to their beating hearts. He listened to the sound of two beating hearts. He listened and listened.
 
He listened until only one beating heart could be heard. 



Chapter End Notes
only two more chapters left :'(


vijfentwintig
Chapter Notes
one more chapter after this yall :'( 
this is the official ending and next chapter will be the epilogue



Taehyung sat down on the bed in Jungkook's bedroom. They'd taken most things in the room away out of respect for Jungkook. He'd been miserable ever since Jungkook died. He didn't know what to do anymore, Jungkook was his everything. 
 
He clutched the necklace around his neck that held Jungkook's ashes. Jungkook's mother was the original owner of the necklace, but she'd given it to Taehyung, saying that Jungkook would've wanted him to have it.
 
He reached for the top drawer of the nightstand, Jimin had told him to look in there. He knew exactly what Jimin was talking about, Jungkook had written him a letter, he told Taehyung not to read it until after he died. Taehyung grabbed the letter and unfolded it,
 

'Dear Taehyung,

 

If you're reading this, it means I have already died. Before I say anything else, I want to say I love you so much. I've always loved you and nothing has, or is ever going to, stop that, not even death.

 

I also want to say that I'm sorry for everything. I'm sorry for messing with your feelings and making you feel worthless. The thing is, I was scared, scared to love you. I was scared, because I was dying and didn't want you to become too attached, I'm really sorry for that.

 

You showed me love in such a short period of time. You truly made my last months the best I've ever had. Thank you for that.

 

You accepted me when no one else did, you understood me when no one else did, you were there for me when no one else was. I'm thankful for that, thankful for you. You loved me when no one else did.

 

It's such a shame our time together was so short, I truly wish it could've been longer. I want you to know that I treasured every moment with you, every single one, ever since we met.

 

It may sound cheesy, but you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. You mean the absolute world to me. You are beautiful and smart. You are perfect. And I hope you can find someone who makes you happy. Someone who deserves you, someone who loves you, just as much, if it's possible, as I do. Someone who can give you the world and more, someone who isn't dying.

 

I wish I could be that person to you, but life isn't that fair.

 

Can you do me a favour and tell Jimin he was the best friend I've ever had? And tell Yoongi that, despite our differences, he was like a brother to me? And tell Youngjae that, even though we weren't that good of friends, I loved rooming with him? And tell Mingyu and Yugyeom that they were good friends, even if they're constantly drunk off their asses? Can you do all that for me, Taehyung? As a last favour?

 

As for you, Taehyung, I want you to know that I'll always be watching you. I'll always be with you, no matter where you go. I'll always love you, whether you find someone else and forget about me, I'll always love you.

 

Thank you, Kim Taehyung.

 

- Jungkook'

 
A tear slipped down Taehyung's cheek and onto the letter. He could never forget Jungkook, not even if he tried. He clutched the necklace again, just why did it have to be Jungkook of all people? Why Jungkook? Why his Jungkook?
 
Taehyung sighed and walked into the living room, where Youngjae was sitting on the couch, looking around the room. Youngjae and Jungkook weren't exactly friends. but it wasn't that they disliked each other, and Youngjae was going to miss having Jungkook around. Taehyung sat down next to Youngjae and Youngjae rubbed his back soothingly.
 
They sat in silence for some time, until Taehyung stood up, saying he was going to check up on Jimin. He walked to Jimin's dorm and knocked on the door,
 
"Jimin?" He called and Jimin opened the door.
 
He walked inside and sat himself down on the couch. Jimin sat down next to him and snuggled up against his side. They sat in silence, the only thing on their minds being Jungkook. Tears slipped down both of their cheeks, their life seemed so empty now that Jungkook was gone. They stared at the ceiling, snuggled up on the couch and before they knew it, sleep got the best of them.
 
--------
 
Taehyung woke up on the couch, snuggled up against Jimin. Jimin was still asleep.
 
Taehyung siighed, how long had they been asleep? He should probably be getting back now, back to Seokjin's house, not Jungkook's dorm. He'd miss staying there, it'd become his home, his home with Jungkook. Taehyung clutched the necklace again. He felt Jimin stir a little before the boy next to him woke up. They sat in silence again, they didn't know what to say. After some time, a knock was heard and Jimin stood up, he walked to the door and opened it, revealing Yoongi.
 
Taehyung stood up, "I'll leave you two alone." He said and left Jimin's dorm.
 
Taehyung walked back to Jungkook's dorm and went straight to the bedroom. It was empty now, the only thing left in the room being a suitcase Taehyung had left there. He grabbed some of the last clothes of his and stuffed them in the suitcase.
 
He closed the suitcase and left the dorm. He got in his car and drove off to Seokjin's house. Once he got there, he got out of the car and walked into the house. Seokjin was in the kitchen, cooking some food. Seokjin gave Taehyung a small smile when he saw him but Taehyung ignored him and went straight to his bedroom.
 
Taehyung laid on his bed and stared at the ceiling. He didn't know what to do now that Jungkook was gone.
 
The door opened and a few seconds later, Taehyung felt someone sit down on the edge of the bed. He looked over and saw Seokjin, his brother gave him a small sympathetic smile and Taehyung looked at him with big eyes.
 
It was like déjà vu. They'd been there before. With Seokjin on the edge of Taehyung's bed and Taehyung looked like he hadn't stopped crying for days.
 
"How are you doing." Seokjin asked and Taehyung looked at him.
 
"Terrible." He replied.
 
Seokjin sighed, he hadn't expected anything different. His brother just lost the love of his life, of course it was going to take him ages to get over it, if he was ever going to get over it.
 
"Can I be alone? Please?" Taehyung said after a few minutes and Seokjin nodded.
 
He sighed and stood up, leaving Taehyung alone. Taehyung rolled on his back and stared at the ceiling again. It felt so weird to not have Jungkook around. It was so silent, Jungkook was always the mood maker. He could always make Taehyung smile and feel loved. And now he was just gone.
 
Seokjin sighed as he put some chicken in the oven. Taehyung was miserable and he didn't know what to do. He'd loved to help Taehyung, but Taehyung wouldn't let him. He didn't know how long it would take, but he'd help Taehyung get over Jungkook. It was sad though, it was sad to see how much Taehyung and Jungkook loved each other. And now Jungkook was just gone.
 
Jimin sighed as he snuggled up against Yoongi's side, nuzzling his face into the crook of his neck. Yoongi had come by, telling Jimin how much he loved him and wanted him back. Jimin gave into him, of course, he was weak for Yoongi. Yoongi had explained that Jungkook was the whole reason he'd went to talk to him. It was all Jungkook. Jimin sighed as he realised how many things Jungkook had done for him. And now Jungkook was just gone.
 
Youngjae sighed as he walked into Jungkook's old room. The place was empty, just plain nothing. It looked exactly the same as it did when he first moved in. He sighed again, the dorm wasn't going to be the same without Jungkook. Jungkook always seemed to make the dorm lively. He'd always decorate the dorm when it was some kind of holiday, or he'd always put on some music when he felt like the dorm was too quite. Youngjae always complained it, but he secretly liked it. But now Jungkook wasn't going to do those things anymore. Because now, Jungkook was just gone.
 
Mingyu and Yugyeom stared at a picture. The picture was of them with Jungkook, it was taken at a party, a few seconds before Yugyeom threw up all over Mingyu and Jungkook laughed his ass off. The parties they went to together were some of the best. They all loved it, it always brought them closer together. And now Jungkook was just gone.
 
Taehyung grabbed his keys as he walked outside and towards his car. He got in and drove off, he knew exactly where he was going. He looked out the window as he passed the milkshake place, it was where it all started. It was the place he met Jungkook, fell in love with Jungkook, but also it was the place where he lost Jungkook.
 
Taehyung got out of his car as he reached the park. He laid down on the grass and stared at the ceiling. Jungkook was watching him from above, he knew it. Taehyung stared at the sky before closing his eyes.
 

Thank you, Jeon Jungkook.




zesentwintig
Chapter Notes
damn last chapter yall :'(i'm really gonna miss this story :(

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





One year after Jungkook's death
 Taehyung sighed as he sat on a bench in the park. It'd been one year since Jungkook died and Taehyung missed him more and more every day. He hadn't been with anyone else since Jungkook's death. He didn't have it in him, he couldn't bring himself to date anyone else when he still loved Jungkook so much. So much had happened in that one year. Jimin graduated from college and had moved in with Yoongi - finally, Seokjin had taken over their father's comapny and was now a CEO and Hoseok had become a backup dancer for some celebrity. As for Taehyung himself, he could finally hear. They'd finally managed to find hearing aids that worked. It made him so happy to finally hear what the people around him sounded like, or what birds sound like, or what the water from the river sounded like. He was grateful he could finally hear. Though, the thing he wanted to hear the most, was Jungkook's voice, but it was too late. Taehyung had also made a career out of his modelling. He was now a full time model, he made cover after cover. He couldn't go anywhere without getting recognised, or without paparazzi following him around. Taehyung felt someone sit down beside him. He looked over and saw a man. He was handsome, very handsome, but he also looked familiar, but Taehyung couldn't quite grasp where he knew him from. The man looked over and smiled, he had dimples, Jungkook had a dimple. The thought made Taehyung sigh and look down. The man looked at him again before speaking, "You're Kim Taehyung, right?" Taehyung nodded and shot the man a confused look, how did he know Taehyung's name? Taehyung still thought the man looked familiar. It irked him how he knew him, but wasn't sure from where. It was on the tip of his tongue! "And who are you?" Taehyung asked. The man smiled, "I'm Kim Namjoon." Taehyung's eyes widened as he remembered where he knew him from. Namjoon was a friend of Jungkook's, well more like Jungkook's 'celebrity' crush (though, he wasn't really a celebrity). Namjoon attended Jungkook's funeral and held a speech, Taehyung cried during that speech, but Taehyung cried during every speech. Jungkook had mentioned Namjoon a few times, but Taehyung never met him. So this was the famous Kim Namjoon who Jungkook idolised. "Oh, you're Jungkook's friend." Taehyung said and Namjoon nodded. They talked for some time, until Taehyung had to leave. Before he could, Namjoon grabbed his wrist, handing him a piece of paper. "Here, this is my number, call me some time." Namjoon smiled and Taehyung smiled too before leaving. But, after one year, Taehyung still loved Jungkook. -------- 
Two years after Jungkook's death
 Taehyung smiled as Yoongi and Jimin kissed, now officially married. It was about time they got married, they'd been engaged for about a year already. Taehyung remembered Jimin calling him, screaming how Yoongi proposed to him the night he moved in. Speaking of Jimin, Taehyung and Jimin had become good friends, great friends, actually. Jimin even called Taehyung his platonic soulmate, a nickname Yoongi wasn't really fond of. Taehyung felt a hand grab his, snapping him out of his thoughts. He turned his head and saw Namjoon looking at him, smiling. Taehyung smiled back and tightened his grip on Namjoon's hand. Namjoon and Taehyung were a couple now. Namjoon asked him out six months after they'd met and Taehyung couldn't say no. As time went on, Taehyung found himself falling more and more in love with Namjoon. He loved every moment he spent with Namjoon. Yet, even though he loved Namjoon, it wasn't in the same way he loved Jungkook. Jungkook would always have a special place in Taehyung's heart. After two years, Taehyung still loved Jungkook. -------- 
Three years after Jungkook's death
 Taehyund moaned as Namjoon pressed him up against the door, kissing him hard. They'd just come back from a date and Taehyung had teased Namjoon in the car on their way back. Namjoon was clearly going to punish him, joke's on him though, Taehyung loves getting punished. Taehyung sighed happily as Namjoon laid down beside him. He looked at his boyfriend and kissed him, smiling into the kiss. Namjoon's hand cupped his cheek, stroking it. "I love you." Namjoon said after he pulled away. "I love you too." Taehyung replied. He did love Namjoon, he really did. But of course, he still loved Jungkook too. Namjoon knew this and insisted he didn't mind, he said he knew what it was like to lose someone you love so much. Taehyung's hand shot up to the necklace around his neck. He still had it, he still wore it all the time. The necklace made him feel safe, knowing that he'd always somehow still have Jungkook with him. He still missed Jungkook more and more every day. He really did love Namjoon, but a part of him still wished Jungkook was there with him, instead of Namjoon. He knew it was unfair to Namjoon, he knew he just had to accept the fact that Jungkook was dead, had been for three years, but he still wanted Jungkook. He wanted Jungkook to be with him, he wanted Jungkook to be there to love him, he wanted Jungkook to be alive. But he wasn't, he wasn't there with him, he wasn't there to love him, he wasn't alive. And Taehyung just needed to accept that. But, after three years, Taehyung still loved Jungkook. -------- 
Five years after Jungkook's death
 Taehyung smiled and kissed his now husband. Yes, husband. Taehyung and Namjoon were married now. Namjoon had proposed three years into their relationship and Taehyung said yes. The others were excited when they told them they were engaged. Jimin screamed, Yoongi congratulated them, Seokjin insisted on being Taehyung's best man and Hoseok couldn't stop jumping up and down. Taehyung just smiled, he was happy, but he still loved Jungkook. At the reception Jimin came up to him,  "So, you're officially married, again." He smiled and Taehyung gave a small smile in return. Jimin noticed the look in Taehyung's eyes and sighed, "You still love Jungkook, don't you?"  Taehyung sighed, "I miss him so much, Minnie. I love Joonie, I really do, he means so much to me, but I still can't help but love Jungkook too. And I feel guilty about it." Jimin grabbed Taehyung's hand, stroking it, "Taetae, you shouldn't feel guilty about it, everyone knows you love Jungkook and everyone knows you'll never stop loving him." Taehyung sighed and nodded, before he was pulled away by some other people. He turned around to look at Jimin again and smiled. After five years, Taehyung still loved Jungkook. -------- 
Ten years after Jungkook's death
 Taehyung sighed as he sat up in bed, he kept reliving the moment Jungkook died. It'd been ten years and he still couldn't get over Jungkook's death. He still loved him, even though he'd been married to Namjoon for five years now. Taehyung felt someone shift beside him and then he felt strong arms wrapping around his waist. Namjoon nuzzled his face into the crook of Taehyung's neck and the younger leaned into his husband's touch. "You still miss him, don't you?" Namjoon murmured and Taehyung let out a small 'yes'. After ten years, he still missed Jungkook. After ten years, he still loved Jungkook. He was thirty-one now, he would've thought he'd be over it by now. He would've thought he'd have accepted the fact that Jungkook was dead now, but he still couldn't. Jungkook was dead and never going to come back to him, why couldn't he accept that? Jungkook was dead and there was nothing he could but accept it. Taehyung's hand grabbed the necklace around his neck. He still had it, he still wore it every day. A lot had happened in those ten years, Taehyung had got married again, Jimin and Yoongi were now a famous music duo, Hoseok was still a famous dancer and Seokjin was richer than ever. Sometimes, Taehyung wondered what it'd be like if Jungkook was still alive. Would things be different? Would Jungkook and Taehyung still be together? Of course they would, they loved each other more than anything in the world. Taehyung sighed as he laid back down. Namjoon kissed his forehead before pulling him close, instantly falling asleep again. Taehyung sighed, he still loved Jungkook and nothing was ever going to change that. Jungkook and Taehyung's story was only short. It was slow at the start and had an abrupt ending. Yet, their story was also so beautiful and heartbreaking. You would've wanted it to go on forever, but all stories have to end somewhere. Jungkook and Taehyung's story ends here, with Jungkook dead and Taehyung having to live on, still loving Jungkook.  And after all that, after ten years, Taehyung still loved Jungkook. 
The End.
 



Chapter End Notes
well then, and that's how it endsseriously tho, thank yall for sticking to the end



Afterword


End Notes
all the names given to the people that Jungkook sleeps with (for example minsoo) are just random korean namesthe only characters that are real people (besides bts of course) are Yugyeom, Mingyu, Youngjae and Seokmin (he was mentioned as Mingyu's roommate)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



