



Mother of Monsters - kool_kat_1020 - wanpanman One-Punch Man
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Mother of Monsters
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11266878.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
Rape/Non-Con
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ワンパンマン | One-Punch Man
Relationship:
Genos/Saitama (One-Punch Man), Genos & Saitama (One-Punch Man)
Character:
Genos (One-Punch Man), Saitama (One-Punch Man), Fubuki (One-Punch Man), Bang | Silver Fang, Sonic (One-Punch Man), King (One-Punch Man), Mumen Rider | License-less Rider
Additional Tags:
saigenos, Genosai, Mpreg, Monster!genos, Other tags to be added, My First Fanfic, Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con, Dubious Consent, One-Sided Relationship, Angst and Fluff and Smut, NSFW, Consensual Sex, Pregnant Sex, Emotional Hurt/Comfort, Giving Birth, Graphic depictions of mpreg labor, Mpreg genos
Series:
Part 1 of
Mother of Monsters
Stats:

        Published: 2017-06-21
          Completed: 2017-07-22
          Chapters: 16/16
        Words: 24977
      

Mother of Monsters
by kool_kat_1020
Summary
What if Dr Genus had found Genos instead of Dr Kuseno?"...genos is otherworldly. A weave of metal and flesh. Of human and animal." (Lots of triggers in this story, be warned)
Notes
Yep it's that kool kat story from tumblr. Typos do exist, still not betaed ;)




Chapter 1



Genos hands are tied above his head.  Legs spread apart on the table. Long strands of gold hair cover him and the ground. A surge of hormonal lust rippled through his body. They were using the drugs again, to induce a sexual arousal to send Genos into heat. He was on display and he hated it. It was not the first time he found himself like this in House of Evolution and sadly, it wouldn’t be the last.It has been 4 years since that fate filled day that the mad cyborg destroyed his home town and killed his family. Dr Genus finding a broken boy in the rubble. Genos still remembers Dr Genus’s promise to rebuild him stronger and Genos foolishly taking it.If he knew then... no he cannot let himself be distracted by such thoughts. Another wave of lust tries to cloud his mind. He must prepare himself for the challenge ahead, another breeder. Saitama is having a weird dream. He is a knight in a fantasy RPG, on a quest to clear the dungeon. Along the way he fights monsters and traps, that are all too easy (but what else is new?) until he reaches the final door at the very top. His reward is the princess with long flowing blond hair inviting him to bed.Genos’s blood boils as his body gives off phenomenons drawing the man in. Genos is wet and hot, he cannot control his body as he pants heavily. Genos sees the bald man; eyes glazed, mouth agape, and face flush. Genos knows he cannot resist the lust. Genos twists his eyes shut and braces, as he had many times before. He feels the penetration, but it is different, more gentle. Genos looks up and sees the man’s blush moving down his chest. The pumps are shallow and a pair of hands move up his sides, clumsily, to his chest and barely press his nipples.Genos’s mind blanked and tension ebbed as the bald man made a face of ‘am I doing this right?’ Genos’s body reacted on its own, arching and moaning  into the thrusts. The bald man shined with confidence and worked into a rhythm, pushing deeper and faster.Genos thinks, “had this man never…had sex before?”Genos could feel heat pool in his gut as each thrust sent sparks down his spine. Pert nipples were rubbed and squeezed so playfully. Genos bit his lip as his walls constricted around the erection, enticing the bald man to be bolder in his thrusts.Genos thought “no… this isn’t right.”Genos grew accustomed to the abuse. Needles forced in and out of his shin. Gladiatorial death matches. Used as a birthing machine, forced to deliver stillborn after stillborn. But this man, was treating him like a lover. Genos was ashamed, as his climax over took him in both organs. Genos could feels hot seed pour into him as the bald man reached his own. He did not deserve such caring treatment. He looks away to stop the swelling of his careless heart, then a callused hand brushes his hair away, takes him by the chin and turns Genos’s face toward his. Gold eyes lock with warm chocolate eyes, that smile at Genos’s very soul. Genos could handle any abuse and the pain that came with it. At this point in his young life, torture and rape were not new, but this, Genos could not handle. Being treated so tenderly was too much. No matter the pain, Genos never cried. He would not give his captures the satisfaction of breaking him. He endured the torturous experiments, the death matches, the loss of yet another life born to him, the daily struggle to survive, but this gentle man he could not endure. Genos hung his head then and cried.Saitama hadn’t had a wet dream in years. He didn’t think he was into futa either, but this dream had proved him wrong providing him with a beautiful long haired blond with lean mussels and a tight needy pussy. Saitama preferred big boobs, but these small budding tits with sharp nipples were not a deal breaker by any means. So what if she had a little extra? Those lust driven moans were sexy. After feeling satisfied in his effort to make her climax first, Saitama cums in the dream woman. He followed up with shallowly humps while still hard. Saitama sees the blond mouth something like ‘stop’ before he can finish thinking ‘that’s not right’ as he moves hair from her face, black streaks are running down her perfect porcelain face. Saitama stops abruptly. He thinks, 'is she crying? This is a dream, why would-’ reality hits Saitama like a bucket of ice water to the face. His gut drops into an icy pit and panic rises. The blond is quaking as black stains that perfect face.Saitama pulls out and cups the blond’s face. Breaking out in a cold sweat he asks, “did I hurt you?” Golden eyes lock with his and the blond shakes her head no. Fog lifting from his mind, saitama notices scars riddle the blonds pale skin. Those golden eyes, were only foreground for a backdrop of darkness. He notes other things too  What he fist thought was lace curtains around the blond’s wrists are actually heavy chain and wrist cuffs. Saitama breaks the bondage with the effort of crushing foil. The blond falls back to land not on a bed, but an examination table. Saitama scopes the room. Instead of a bed chamber fit for a princess, the room is white wash and void of most anything; this place is a cell.Internally saitama recaps what he does and does not know. ‘How did I get here? Oh yea, broken ceiling.’‘This is not a dream’'This is not a princess in a dungeon.’'I just forced myself on someone’'I am no hero’Saitama's panicked face morphs into something sharp and driven. Eyes dark and set, then in a commanding voice “I’m getting you out of here.”The blond motions to a collar around the neck, something else the bald man didn’t notice. He gently pinches the metal until he pulls it apart, electricity popping.“Thank you” is said by the blond in a very masculine tone.Saitama thinks, 'that’s a man’s voice!.’ He isn’t sure what he imagined the blond’s voice to be from the sound of the moans, but it definitely wasn’t that! This was a man saitama just had sex with. After the collar is removed the blond’s skin turns black on his arms, legs, and neck. Ear tips coming to points. Saitama realizes this is not only a man, but a monster.Genos is free. He was grateful to the bald man’s incredible strength, probably why he was chosen as a breeder.  Genos pushes himself up off the table and transforms into his stronger self. Dr Genius may be mad but his work in evolution and cybernetics was leading edge. Genos voice booms demanding in the empty room, “Tell me your name!”Saitama face droops to an egg like expression, “it’s saitama”“Saitama, now that my collar has been removed I can unleash my full power and facilitate our escape. I don’t know how you came to the House of Evolution, but I will put an end to this! Stand back!” With that final word genos charges his palm and punches the floor, releasing a massive energy discharge melting a hole to the basement level.Saitama let’s out a whistling noise, “wow that’s pretty cool” an updraft hit saitama and reminds him he’s not wearing any clothes. Where is his hero suit? He didn’t come here naked, did he? Saitama found his hero suit discarded near the entrance. He didn’t even remember taking it off. After covering himself the smoke cleared and he sees the blond kneeling and breathing hard next to the opening. Saitama thinks 'that's not right’ he was the hero and he needed to act like one. He takes his cape and wraps it around the blond, “don’t push yourself” and lifted the blond into his arms princess style.The drugs are still in Genos’s  system making him shiver in wanton need as he is lifted effortlessly in the man’s arms. Saitama seemed to be immune now to the lust pheromones that he produced, that was strange.Guilt still heavy in saitama’s soul, he thinks of the fastest way down and jumps.Genos feels his body go weightless, “you can fly?!” he demands.“Um… no” they then plummet 8 stories, a long trail of blond hair flowing in the wind wake like ribbons. Saitama lands, forming a small crater.Genos is in awe and thinks, 'such grace. Such power.’ but is disgusted with himself. Genos was not weak nor a damsel in distress. He could not allow himself to be saved by this innocent bystander. He was the House of Evolution’s Genocide and he would pay it back 10 fold!



Genos vs Carnage Kabuto



After dropping, Genos can’t help but think, ‘What is with this guy’ and ask “What are you?”Saitama simply answers, “Im just an average guy who’s a hero for fun …” Saitama places genos on his feet still wrapped in the white cape, “and profit.”Genos not very calmly demands “What is the secret to your strength?! I must have it!”“Eh?”Over the Intercom a man speaks, “I gave you what you wanted. I made you the ultimate weapon using all evolution and science had to offer. When I found your crumpled body in the rubble, there was barely enough of you to place on a gurney. I put you back together, made you better, made you stronger. I made you the ultimate specimen of evolution! I own your flesh, you will obey me! I am your GOD!”Genos is enraged, a bitter scowl covering his face. Genos searches the tunnels running to find Dr Genius. Saitama tags along still feeling guilty.The voice continues, “I did what was best for you. I had to test your limits to make you stronger, you had to be perfect, but if you couldn’t reproduce how could you create a new species and exterminate the old humanity!?”'Wow This guy really loves to hear himself talk,’ Saitama thought. This place was a maze, Saitama would definitely get lost if he wasn’t following the blond."That’s when I realized my dream for you, my modern art. You had to become the mother of monsters!”“Ok creepy,” Saitama says aloud.  “Up to this point the breedings were failures. But that man shows…. potential.” The voice becomes deeper, “I have taken a great interest in your body.”‘Creepy disembodied voice is talking to me now.’ Saitama’s skin is crawling.“The public may view you as a fraud, but after the way you destroyed Mosquito Girl then my super elite squad, I know better." the mad man laughs, "I hacked that idiotic Hero Association and found your test records…"It’s as if a god lives in his body’" was written in your file. I knew then I had to have you. You would make the perfect stud.”Saitama feels more creeped out than he thought possible, “I don't swing that way!”Genos firmly states, “I sense a life form up ahead.”Genos finds Dr. Genus opening the combat room. In one motion he grabs the doctor by the throat and lifts him off the ground slaming him into the wall. Playing coy Dr. Genus says, “Ah Rapunzel, down from your tower at last I see?” Genos is not amused at the patronizing pet names. He drops him and watches him slide down, door opening. Dr. Genus is crawling back, panic in his voice, “Wait wait Riding Hood you don't want to kill me…You need me! You still have to find the mad cyborg! Your big bad wolf. I have connections! I can tell you how to reach Kuseno! I can’t help you if I’m dead!”Genos picks up and throws the doctor in the room, Genos is livid, “You will tell me-” a sudden rise in hormones cut him off and lust burns in his body. His insides ache for something hard and heavy to thrust in and stir up his insides. Genos falls to his knees, face red and heated, breathing heavy.Saitama reaches out to the blond. Genos makes a wine as Saitama touches his shoulder and Saitama pulls back with a wince.The doctor smiles and in a smug tone, “The drugs are still causing an overproduction of pheromones, get too close and you’ll get drawn in again by the lust to procreate.”Saitama helps Genos to his feet. “It’s ok I’ve got gloves on.”Dr Genus is shocked and loudly thinks 'That’s not how pheromones work!’A giant hulking bug man bursts into the room. Dr Genus stands and dusts himself off arrogant as ever, giving introductions, “This is Carnage Kabuto, the most atrocious and evil monster to ever come out of the House of Evolution. Kill another of my clones have we?” -looks at the crushed body in the monster’s fist, “No matter," he adjusts his glasses, "Remember I need them alive for my research."“Fuck that! You locked me away when I’m the strongest in the house of Evolution. I am the new human you always wanted to create, not this pretty boy! You treat him like he’s something special! I am far more powerful and smarter than the” Kabuto changes to a mocking tone,“ "pride of your research." Pretty boy needs to know his place. I deserve the title of top dog!”While Kabuto ranted Genos thought, 'He went as far to release that monster!’ he Looks at saitama, 'He may be strong, but I can’t expect him to win. On a good day I might match Carnage Kabuto in strength, but the drugs have weakened me. I need to end this quickly,’ Genos directs his attention to saitama, “You over there, go hide somewhere.”“Wha?” Saitama is the vision of confusion. Before the bald man can finish, Genos removes saitama’s cape and forces his body to grow armor plates, greyish in color over his black and pale skin.Kabuto notices him then and says, “What are you waiting for then? Come at me with all you got!” Genos speeds forward and jumps in a sudden spin kick to the face. "Pathetic” kabuto’s only response.Kabuto swings at him, Genos dodges and is back on his feet, no chance for his hair to hit the floor. He rushed into another attack, charging his plasma weapon in both hands, seams of his armor glowing bright. Then released a furry of power directly in Kabuto’s face. Blinding him enough for genos to land and run behind him, Another plasma attack to the back, but there is no effect.Saitama is thinking how cool the blond looks fighting. Then out of the smoke Kabuto swings. Genos is on the defensive, barely dodging attack after attack. Then genos has another arousal flair. Kabuto gets the upper hand and lands a hit, Genos is knocked back. Saitama catches him “Kid, are you ok?” Genos armor is smashed, but no open wounds.Genos can barely make out the word "....run."“You’re just a little bitch in heat!” Kabuto says in a crazed tone, “After im done here how bout I try planting my seed in that little cunt of yours? Oh, you would like that wouldn’t you?” an object the size of a steal beam starts rising between the monster's legs, “Splitting you open with my big cock! I will make you beg for me to stop, but I’ll keep fucking you until you explode form my cum! Then I’ll kill you! hahahaha!” Manic laughter fills the room.Saitama steps forward with a serious expression and says nothing while the monster laughs with its cock out like a flag pole. Saitama pulls his fist back and in one punch the monster explodes. Genos’s jaw dropped, beyond flabbergasted at the complete and total destruction. Then a spark ignites in the bald man’s fish like eyes, “I just remember. Today was the special sale day!” He then falls to his knees screaming over the missed sale.Genos picks up the dropped sale paper from the mans belt and looks at him with eyes so eager to please “ if you hurry, you can still make the sale.” Genos tries to push himself up with shaky arms, but he is drained with armor crumbling, and blond hair scorched.Saitama felt like a heel, “Let’s get you patched up first. There will be another sale,” Saitama retrieves his cape to wrap around the blond as the last of the armor sheds off, “If you need somewhere to crash, you can stay at my place. ” The guilt he feels is overwhelmingly heavy. He throws the boy’s arm over his shoulder and helps him to his feet."I fail to see why you'd invest time and concern in a creature such as myself.""It’s the least I could do." One punch, and there is a giant hole as an exit.As the two are leaving genos speaks up, “there is something I must do before I leave.”Saitama thinks he may have left something behind, "What’s that?“Genos pulls himself away, turns and sways before taking a wide steady stance. His body starts to glow, as he raises his hands. Heat waves rises off his body as every mussel crease lights up like the sun. Genos holds a small nova in each hand, thrusts his arms forward, "Incinerate!” and sends out a massive stream of fire. The towers has disappeared as well as part of the mountain in the background.Saitama is cringing from the unexpected display of power but is still wide eyed by the shear look of it. 'That was so cool,’ he thinks. Cape and long hair fall around Genos as he turns to saitama and speaks cold as ice, “that is all.”



Night
Chapter Notes
This has been edited from the original tumblr story. Mild plot change. I feel it fits better.



They make it back to saitama’s apartment. saitama realized too late he hadn’t cleaned the place. Dishes were in the sink, dirty clothes thrown about and take out boxes were still on the table from the night before. Then there was the giant hole in the ceiling. It was an embarrassing mess.“Sorry about the place,” Saitama goes though his closet pulls out a baggie shirt and sweat pants, “You can have these. ”“I do not require clothing.”A flat look, “well you cant go out in public without them,” hands clothes.‘Go out? Outside? With people?’ Genos finds the thought unsettling. “I do think that’s a wise choice."“Why?” Saitama raises an eyebrow.“The public would treat me as a threat”“What do you mean?”"Will you will listen to my problems?"Outside the sun was just setting 'Oh god here it comes. Might as well rip it off like a band-aide.’ Saitama nods.Genos sits seiza at the table saitama sits as well, cross legged. Then genos takes a deep breath, “I am a monster, that has been fighting for survival at the House of Evolution, they called me Genocide, 4 years ago i was a normal 15 year old boy, that lived with my family in a village near the mountains, we were not wealthy but we got by with mother and father both working, I maintained school work and cared for my younger sister, then a mad cyborg attacked my village, killing everyone including my family, Dr genus saved my life, digging me out of the rubble of my house, after the mad cyborg attack, he offered to remake me into something strong enough to destroy the mad cyborg, I agreed to the process so I could become stronger and traded my flesh for that of pure destructive force, he promised once my upgrades were finished he would allow me to search for the mad cyborg, I am 19 now and have had my revenge denied,”Genos has not paused, has not taken a single breath, is just below yelling, and is only talking faster.“Now that I am free, I must become stronger to avenge my family, I need to get stronger to find and destroy the mad cyborg on my own, at first I did not mind the exchange of my human form for that of a biological war machine, Dr. Genius may be insane, but his work on genetics and cybernetics is cutting edge, I have been outfitted with the latest cybernetic neuro-system, that acts as a combat hud on my iris display. Genetic splicing has allowed me to become one with the animal kingdom and use many species traits to my advantage. This has also increased my senses, reflexes, speed, stamina, healing, and physical strength to beyond human limits and also aloud me to have weapons built into my body in the form of plasma discharges, as well fangs, claws, and armor, he gave me what I wanted, but what that man took from me I can never get back,”Saitama tried to comment and empathize but Genos keeps going. his tone is so cold and methodical. It’s like he’s giving a report.“the experiments took a darker turn and I found myself a slave and my savior to be a mad man, a collar was fitted and attached to my neuro-system to control my more violent outbursts, the collar you broke, he often refereed to me with pet names from fairy tales, soon I became no more than a play thing that he pitted against other monstrous creations in gladiatorial style battles to the death, It became a constant struggle to survive, Rations were limited before being completely stopped, bedding and other necessities were removed until all that was left was an empty room with an examination table, the room you found me in”'Did he have to over explain everything?’ saitama thinks and cringes at the mistaken memory of a princess. “Then Dr. Genus sought to change my body further and changed me into a hermaphrodite in order to create his perfect species to replace mankind, many studs were used in the experiment, even some of the doctor’s clones, all results ending in failure, That’s when dr genius discovered your incredible strength and decided to-”Saitama interrupts red faced and yelling “I know this part, summarize this story in 20 words or less!”Genos is shocked, “I apologize, it has been so long since I-,” sudden bow, “allow me to start again.With a burning determination in his heart Genos speaks, “ I was human, now I'm a monster. i must become stronger to avenge my family. Please make me your disciple!” saitama thinks 'Really? Exactly 20 words.' then says, “Genos how old are you?”“19!”"So young. Genos listen carefully, It will be tough, I started training at 22 and I have become this strong in 3 years.“ Genos is focused, hanging on every word. "Yes master!"."100 push ups
100 sit ups
100 squats
And a 10k run
Every single day!"“I can’t believe you that’s complete," fists slam on table, "BULLSHIT!“ Genos is glowing and smoke rising from his body. "I told you I have to become stronger, I do not want to be your disciple to hear such nonsense from you! There is no way you can get as strong as you did by standard strength training! I want to know what you really did!” Genos is snarling bearing his fangs.“Genos you don’t seem to believe me but that’s all I did, honest. But I’m not gonna lie having overwhelming strength is pretty boring actually.” Genos sees saitama look toward a cactus on the balcony with a far off look in his eyes. "Now one punch is all it takes. I guess It’s only natural I don't feel anything.” Saitama paused then thought, 'Strange, how long had it been since last I talked this much about myself?’ “All i'm saying is, as humans our real power is to change ourselves,” looks back to see Genos has deflated. The hot glow dying down to embers, hands still in tight fists on the table and him crying black tears. Saitama stands quickly at the sight and moves around the table, “Don't cry!” Panicked thoughts bubble up, 'I didn’t tell you that to make you feel bad.’“I-I will have to observe you and learn your secret. Master saitama Please allow me to be your disciple!” In one motion Genos stands and falls into a deep bow. Genos starts speaking, but doesn't move, “I have nothing to offer as far as income, but I pledge my loyalty to you and offer my services.”  he gets on knees, head still bowed- “i will cook and clean and maintain your belongings and” moves hands to Saitama’s crotch cape falling off, “nightly services whenever you wish,” Genos looks up into saitama’s eyes.Saitama immediately pushes genos away, “I'm not into dudes. If you need a place to stay, you can stay here. You’re not a whore!”“Of course,"  genos had a slight sad smile followed by a thought, 'master finds me disgusting,’ resolved in this genos states, “master Saitama wants to keep our relationship purely professional” Genos gets up and returns to a deep bow, “I apologize for my behavior!”  He has no chill.'That’s not what i meant! i just don't want to use you.’ 
“Don't do it again! I'm not looking for a disciple and STOP calling me master,” saitama lets out a sigh, “Tomorrow we’ll go buy some clothes and get you set up. Then find you a place to live,” Saitama takes a deep breath, he felt awkward, “Let’s see your wounds.”Genos is looking down and away, “I did not sustain any injuries I could not heal from,” Genos stance is defensive, not looking at saitama as he holds his clothes over his- Saitama turns away blushing, He wasn’t use to having naked strangers in his house. The sun was now set. Black and blue lighting filled in the room. Saitama gets his own sleeping clothes from the closet and Looks back to genos mid putting on his shirt. Genos was broader than him, so the shirt was tight across his chest, stretching the fabric to fit. Saitama sighs again, 'leave tomorrows problems, for tomorrow’s saitama,’ he thinks. “I'm turning in.” It was still early, but Saitama had enough of today. He points, “The bathroom is there.” Points again, “kitchen there,” looks to the bed that is still open from this morning, “Oh, I only have the one futon. You can use mine, we’ll pick you one up tomorrow.”Genos shyly asks, “where will master sleep?” Genos feels it clear they would not share a bed. Saitama does not wish to be touched by him.“I’ll just grab an extra blanket and sleep on the floor.”“This is master's home. I do not wish to take master’s bed. Do not trouble yourself, I do not require sleep.”“So are you just going to stay up all night staring at me?”“I will be vigilant!” Genos crouches, starring at the door. Saitama thinks he looks something similar to a gargoyle.“Not happening,” Saitama lifts genos and puts him on the futon, “you need rest after today.”“But master-”“No buts. How do you expect to get stronger if you don't allow your body to rest?” A bright idea hit saitama, “First lesson Genos, the body needs rest to become healthy and strong.” Genos stops moving with a surprised look on his face.'Oh good he bought it.’ Saitama thought.



Nightmares
Chapter Notes
the opening should read like poetry.also edited this chapter and added better descriptions of monster!genos



It was dark
then fire.
Screams filled the air
smell of burning flesh
then a hush.
Heart pounding in his ears.
He can’t move, he can’t run.
Breathing heavy
The sound of metal.
Breathing faster
Struggle
Trying to get away, he can’t.
A large black shape against the fire
Stops
The head turns
Red eyes lock with his.Genos jerks awake, plasma pulsing in his hand.

Saitama can’t sleep. It was weird having a stranger in his apartment. One he had sex with earlier that day. he groans and rolls over to see his futon empty. Glances at the door. ‘Dead bolt is still up.’ Gets up and looks around the empty apartment.- 'He couldn’t go far,’ calls out, “genos?” Saitama could hear soft sobbing and pushes open the door to the bathroom. In the dark Genos is naked and curled into a ball with knees to chest, Glowing Cat like eyes look up at him. 'He really was just a scared kid after all.' saitama sighs, 'he needs someone to look out for him. unfortunately for him,’ he thought 'I’m the only one here,’ he kneels in front of Genos and gently says “It’s ok, you’re safe. What happened?”“I did not think I still had nightmares.”Saitama turns on the light and grabs a clean cloth, “Let’s clean your face, ” and wipes away the black streaks. Genos twitches. 'He’s like a wounded animal.' saitama thinks“I'm sorry” the shirt saitama gave him is ashes at his feet and wet pants were discarded to the side. “I destroyed master’s clothing!” Genos hid his face and kept repeating apologies. ‘Is genos shaking? Is he expecting me to go ballistic over some old clothes?’ Saitama thought. “Its ok buddy, I’m not mad,” he tried to lighten the mood and smile, “Lets get you cleaned up you’ll feel better.” Saitama remembers his mother would do this for him when he was really small. He filled a bucket with warm water and then let the bath tub fill. Genos is still holding himself in a tight ball hiding his face. saitama pets Genos’s head and the boy's tension starts to loosen, “Hey i'm here for you, if you need me,” Saitama was trying to sound reassuring. He dampens the cloth and slowly runs it over Genos’s black arms, so to not spook him. Close up, saitama could see old scars of cuts and burns covered Genos's skin. the skin was smooth even with the scars, but it felt unnatural. It was like scales on the black parts, and snake skin on the pale parts. It wasn’t bad, just not what Saitama expected.  “Turn around I'll get your back.” Genos scoots in a circle reluctant to uncurl from his ball. Saitama sees more faded scars across Genos's shoulders and a metal spine ridge running down and disappearing into the small of his low back. at the end Saitama sees a small black nub that looked like it could be a tail once. 'This kid had been though some bad shit,' he thinks.Genos felt himself relax into the strokes of Strong, gentle hands guiding the wash cloth. His master was so kind To offer help without expectations. Genos decided then and there he would lead by this man’s example of kindness. As he sat there he watched steam rise out of the tub. Genos wonders how long had it been since he had a hot bathed instead of being hosed down with cold water? Genos steps into the tub and slowly sinks into the bath and says, “Master is a great man, worthy of praise.”“You’re being weird. I’m nothing special.” saitama helps lower him in“And so humble.” Genos says but does not see Saitama roll his eyes. The bath felt heavenly and Genos let himself drift in the shallow water. The last of the nightmare at the edges of his thoughts.Saitama sat on the stool near the tub, “You’re safe here. No ones going to hurt you. You’re not in that hell anymore. Ok?”“I know master,” Genos feels coddled like a child and dips his head into the water. Saitama knew he was taking on a big part of this kid’s life, but from the looks of it Genos didn’t have anyone else. Saitama looks down to Genos’s hair; a long burnt and tangled mess that flowed like knotted rope down his back and piled on the floor. “Do you need help with your hair?” Saitama asks.“I hate it!”  Genos starts pulling at it. “It gets in the way of combat! it gets snagged on everything! I trip over it! It’s heavy! and it wont! stop! growing!”“Wo! stop! We can cut it! I have some scissors around here from when I did my own hair,” Looks and finds them, “I can give you my old style.” Saitama doesn’t really know any other cuts.“Shave it”“Why do you want to shave your head?”“To follow your example Master Saitama”“Dude, I don’t shave my head. ”“That would mean master has lost his hair at such a young age-”Yelling, “So what I'm bald! I trained so hard I lost my hair!” genos looks at him with wide eyes. He didn’t know it would be such a raw nerve. Saitama breaths out, “Your hair looks really good just to cut it all off, but if that’s what you want.” Saitama Starts clipping and Genos's hair feels so soft and fine even with the burnt and knotted parts. Saitama noticed all of Genos’s neck was black to the base of his skull and under his jaw to his throat. His throat had two silver stripes running down either side, but his chest and stomach were as pale as his face. Saitama thought If Genos had wings he would look like a dragon.


“You think it… ‘looks good’…. master?” genos asks“Yeah I wish my hair had been half this nice.” Genos pick up a pile and places it on saitama’s head. “Oi, don't get any funny ideas now.” saitama makes a fuss but thinks 'Good the kid seemed to be lightening up.' saitama finished off the cut with a razor for a clean and polished look. looking into the mirror they matched. Saitama jokes, “We can both go as Mr. Clean for Halloween.”

 Genos doesn’t seem to hear and stares into the mirror, scowling and then touching his cheek, his Eyes betraying a deep concern. how long had it been since last he saw himself?

“Hey you ok?” saitama asks.“Im alright master,” spell broken genos looks away, dropping his had to a towel he was currently wearing around his middle.Saitama unbuttons his pajama top and hands it to Genos, “here, wear this.”Genos hesitates, “what if it happens again?” he stood there looking so vulnerable“It’s just clothes,” Saitama wraps the shirt around Genos and buttons it. Thankfully it was long enough genos didn't need bottoms. Saitama fights the urge to pull the boy into a passionate embrace and kiss him, 'The last thing the kid needs is his rapist hitting on him,' Saitama thinks then holds genos's hand and leads him back to bed. he Wraps him in a blanket burrito style and holds him tight on the futon, nose to nose. Saitama tells him, “You’re ok.”“Im ok,” genos repeats.“Goodnight”genos thinks 'When was the last time That anyone has shown me such kindness?' then says, “Goodnight master”



Morning Breakfast and shopping
Chapter Summary
The outdoor shopping center was littered with people and store fronts with even more people. Each with a life force to sense that was blending into the background of neon signs like a bright blurry blob of fog. The furthest sounds were loud to his perfect hearing. genos could hear laughing, yelling, then a squeal rips through his ears. Genos breaks into a cold sweat and starts breathing harder. they walk pass a store with a strong order that can be smelled beyond the door. Genos tried to cover his face with the borrowed hoodie. Saitama’s smell being the only pleasant thing here. It had been so long since last he breathed in fresh air, only for it to be filled with a nauseating blend of food, body order, and perfumes. The entire area was a glow of human life, filling his mind with sensation. Genos felt overwhelmed. He knew he needed to calm down or else risk transforming
Chapter Notes
I rewrote the shopping scene after reading the great job Guardian did on Salvaged ch 10go check it out!



The morning light breaks in and Saitama wakes to a good smell. He hums and stretches feeling only a lump of blanket where a boy use to be. He sleepily looks around. He sees that Genos was in the kitchen cooking. A gold fuzz already growing on his head and very naked.Genos looks over and sees his master sitting up shirtless in bed. Lazily rubbing his eye while sporting chiseled abs and chest. “Master!” deep bow, “I took the liberty to clean, and organize master’s apartment, and make breakfast.”Sleepy Saitama “Why aren’t you wearing anything?” And was the apartment cleaner? The table was clear, no more empty take out boxes. Laundry picked up from the floor with washer running in the background. From the futon saitama could tell the pile of dishes in the sink was now in the drying rack. “I apologize”, genos put the bed shirt back on, “I did not want to soil master clothes.”Saitama glances 360 around the room. ‘Did he scrub the walls?’ The glass door was shining. Everything was shiny! More awake now saitams says “You didn’t have to do all this,” Saitama has never worked this hard cleaning.Eyebrows cross, shoulders back and with great seriousness genos says, “It is my job as your disciple to do chores!” “This place looks new. Good job.”genos says Most enthusiastically “HAI!”Saitama squints as if looking at a bright light, ‘too much energy this early.’Genos served him a plate of omelet rice and a cup of hot tea. “I went through the ice box and cupboards for ingredients. I hope it is up to master’s standards” Genos then sits away seiza style.“Wow, thanks genos!” and Without another thought digs in. “Hmmm!” The food was tasty, popping with flavor.“Im glad you are pleased” genos bows deeply.“Are you gonna eat?”“That is not necessary, I do not require food master.”“But are you hungry?” -saitama Looks at genos making eye contact.“I…. I am not sure” How long had it been since last he felt hungry or ate?Saitama splits the omelet rice. “You need food to keep up your strength. Lesson two: you need 3 meals a day for a healthy body. breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Even a banana in the morning is fine.”Saitama feels it is his responsibility to re-socialize genos and get him prepared for the real world until he’s well enough to be on his own. then the kid will learn his “master” has nothing to teach and leave on his own.After breakfast saitama took genos out to go shopping, but the air is tense and Genos seemed jumpy.Genos hides face in saitama's oversized hoodie, hunching to make himself smaller, eyes darting side to side, sweat pants pulled to cover his clawed feet that are in shower shoes. Genos looked like it was laundry day but acted like the apocalypse just started.Genos does not want others to see him. He is not human in a human world. He knows full well what humans do to monsters. If he slips up and others noticed it would cause a panic, then a riot and genos would have to fight. He doesn’t want it to come to that, reverting back to killing just to survive.The outdoor shopping center was littered with people and store fronts with even more people. Each with a life force to sense that was blending into the background of neon signs like a bright blurry blob of fog. The furthest sounds were loud to his perfect hearing. genos could hear laughing, yelling, then a squeal rips through his ears. Genos breaks into a cold sweat and starts breathing harder. they walk pass a store with a strong order that can be smelled beyond the door. Genos tried to cover his face with the borrowed hoodie. Saitama’s smell being the only pleasant thing here. It had been so long since last he breathed in fresh air, only for it to be filled with a nauseating blend of food, body order, and perfumes. The entire area was a glow of human life, filling his mind with sensation. Genos felt overwhelmed. He knew he needed to calm down or else risk transforming, then his master’s voice cut through the haze, “you alright?”Genos answered bluntly, “This is my first time being outside in four years.” “Oh,” saitama hadn’t thought of that, “I get like that too. If it gets too much for you let me know.”Genos thinks, ‘Master is so understanding. Even the most powerful man in the world can be overwhelmed by public places.’ Genos shoulders dropped and he breathed easier.Saitama takes genos to the thrift store he frequents. The place is second hand, small, and not too crowded. Walking in Saitama explains to genos they have a budget and how bargain shopping works. There are different colored tags on the garments indicating price. Today yellow ticked are discounted. Genos waited for saitama to delegate his attire, but saitama tells him to pick his own stuff, emphasizing "as long as it is in the budget you can pick whatever you like." Genos can smell the scent of previous owners and takes a big inhale of a shirt. Saitama notices, “if it bothers you…. we can buy new.” He made it sound like the words hurt to say. “No I prefer this. I know where it’s been.” Saitama leads genos to a part of the store he believes to be genos's size and they start sifting through bins of pants. at first Genos is more concerned with battle durability, but saitama explains it's more important to buy for comfort then Genos picks up a pair of ripped jeans, “master these appear to already have battle damage.”“no they were made that way.”“Why would you buy jeans with holes already in them?”Saitama shrugs, “something to do with fashion.” genos picks out lots of skinny jeans.

they move on to racks of tops and saitama feels it important to emphasize favorite color choices. Genos does not understand waht makes one color more important than another color, so genos Mostly gets dark sleeveless shirts, because they fit his broad shoulders. then He finds a large hoodie, made to look like a zipped up leather jack was over it. Saitama sees him pick it up and tells him to try it on. Genos slides it over his shoulders and is astonished that it fits, but moves to return it to the rack.

saitama sees genos return the nice looking jacket to the rack and asks "does it not fit?"

"Master said I could get anything within budget, but It is not a yellow ticket," 

"Do you like it?"

"I.." genos grips the sleeve of the jacket longingly.

"Then there is room in the budget."

They move on to shoe rack and genos picks out worn converses sneakers, he always wanted a pair, and heavy work boots.They go back out into the shopping center with genos wearing his treasures. Saitama thought He looked like a bad boy teen with his dark skinny jeans, old converses, leather jacket hoodie and 5 o'clock shadow hair style. they move on to a popular dollar store, Saitama explaining it's best to buy new when it came to important things like toiletries, underwear, socks, sleeping clothes and bedding. Again Saitama let genos make his own choices, even saying “Make sure you get a tooth brush.” By late after noon most shopping was done, they even had a futon. Genos was able to catch on fast to bargain shopping and actually came in under budget. he felt pleased that his master approved of the prices on his findings. Genos holds his bags as they walk and wonders when was the last time that he owned anything?
 
Saitama looks over to genos and noticed he had the first signs of a crew cut, 'Wow his hair grows fast.’ Then Genos looks longing at a piercing shop they walk past. “What’s up?” Saitama asks.Genos looked pained. “Nothing master.” “I'm here if you need to talk, but I won’t force you.”“It would take up too much of master's time.” His head was practical leaning on the glass window with a dark cloud of gloom over his head.“I don't mind. Really.”Genos lets out a deep sigh, “The last time I spoke to my father, we had an argument. I wanted to get my ears pierced like others in my class. He forbid it and said only delinquents and fags get piercings, that it would hurt my chances at a good carer. I said I hated him and never wanted to see him again. My mother begged me to reconcile. I didn't mean it, but I was too proud to take it back. That night the cyborg attacked. Those were the last words my father heard from me.”'That’s some heavy shit!’ Saitama tried to maintain a neutral face, “Well shoot let’s get it done today. There's enough money in the budget."Genos walked with out his head held high and hood off showing his new black studs. The piercer had a hell of a time piercing Genos's flesh, but believed the skin discolorations were tattoos and contacts for his eyes. Genos now felt safer walking outside knowing he still passed for human.   it was the lull In the food court, 'perfect time to get in line for a treat' saitama thought. He had his eye on something sweet and the kid deserved a reward for his bargain shopping. “Hey genos want to stop and get a snack?" He smiles pointing at the ice cream stand."I dont know master, I’ve never had it before.”“You’ve never had ice cream? Oh we are definitely getting dip n’ dots.” Gen tilts his head, “How do you eat dots?”Saitama got banana split and he picked strawberries and cream for genos. they sit down at a out door table with their bags and Genos tried to scoop one dot at a time. Saitama corrected him, and Gen was shocked how the dots instantly melted in his mouth and the separate flavors blended together to make a new better flavor. “Dont eat too fast or you’ll get-”“Aaaahhhhhhh!”“…. A brain freeze.”As they were eating an explosion happen, people running, then a large beast came running through the food court. Genos did not hesitate, he jumped forward in the monster’s path to stop it’s charge on some young girls. He throws the monsters head to the ground, smashing the pavement. Instinct takes over and His hud goes red in attack mode. He tosses his hoodie and throws himself into battle. Saitama was on the side lines with their stuff watching genos fight what looked like a mechanical bull come to life. The kid was giving it his all. Saitama though maybe genos had a real passion for fighting like he use to. If he did, Saitama didn’t want to interrupt but genos’s was being reckless. He was Taking hits he could have dodged, and missing obvious openings. Then the monster exploited Genos’s wild attack and swung his head to impale genos on its metal horns. In less than a blink Saitama was there with one punch and the monster exploded into scrap. The shock wave seem to jar genos back to his senses. While in battle mode genos experiences a type of euphoria running off of his adrenaline fueled by rage. The angrier he gets the better the rush but the after effects are hardly worth it. The world suddenly snaps into focus and Genos realizes he is in the middle of the food court now turned to rubble. On the perimeter of the damage there are on lookers. Genos feels the air on his skin, he is exposed, they can see, see he isn’t human! The whispers start and genos knows he must hide. He will have to flee his master and any life he could have had because he lost control. Saitama is hoping genos won’t be mad at him for stepping in. when he turns to look at him, the kid bolts. Saitama has to chase after him, hoping no one will mess with their stuff. Saitama lost him for a moment, but found him again hidden under a dark staircase. Genos was curled into a ball knees to chest, just like before. He reminded saitama of a startled cat. Which was bad because Saitama was no good with cats.Genos’s mind is running away with him and he starts to cry.
'.'
'“Hey buddy, whats going on?” Saitama said in what he hoped was a calming tone.“I failed master,” genos babbles, "I lost control. They saw I’m not human. I'm a monster. I'm not human anymore. I don't belong here. I have no place. no purpose. I put those people in danger by being there. being what I am! I was a fool to think that I could be anything else." saitama can hardly understand his sobbed words.“No, you saved those people. You did a good job, like a real hero.” Saitama had crawled into Genos’s hiding spot.Genos started at a whisper, “Why did you come for me?” Then proceeded to yell, “I’m not human! I’m a monster! All I can do is destroy!”“Genos you are human, more human than me in a lot of ways.” Saitama tried to choose his words carefully, he knew better than anyone words could cut deeper than a knife, “you have…. super powers! And….  You just need to be more…. careful when fighting.” Saitama gave him reassuring head pats, noticing his hair is longer and more like a short cut. Genos leans into the touch, starved for anything positive. Saitama coaxes him out, and genos wipes away his tears. then Like a light saitama has an idea, “I know! You can be a pro-hero, like me.” why didn’t saitama think of this sooner?Genos hugs saitama, and saitama hugs back. Thinking maybe he can be a help to this kid after all. But after a while genos doesn’t let go and is showing no signs of letting go. In the face of awkwardness Saitama just wraps his arm around genos’s middle and carries him, like an oversized toddler.———-Saitama gets genos into the hero association. It was easier than expected, genos managed to get the credit for the monster in the food court and they registered him as super powered. Saitama warned that genos might get stuck with a dumb name like he did with “caped baldy.”Genos gets S-class and hero name Demon Prince. Genos is serious when he says, “You were right Master Saitama, in that I would get stuck with a stupid hero name.” Saitama side glances at him.



Genos is a weird guy
Chapter Summary
Time jump
Chapter Notes
So I changed the order a little bit and added more dialogue instead of narration.Saitama is thinking in a series of flashbacks, not sure if that is clear.



Since genos has lived with him saitama, he has noticed things about him. Genos’s hair grows supernatural fast. His body smokes when he’s frustrated and glows when embarrassed. He’ll also glow different colors for different emotions. When he sleeps, he is like a blue night light. saitama thinks genos is otherworldly. A weave of metal and flesh. Of human and animal. Even as another guy saitama knows geons is good looking, like one of those pop stars on tv and it’s not just his face. Genos is built with washboard abs and cut mussels. Not to mention his cool guy attitude. Genos is the guy every girl wants and every guy wants to be.Saitama lays on the floor reading a manga while genos sits at the table writing in his note book.Saitama thinks, ‘Every since geons got back from that doctor he’s been acting weird.’ Saitama remembers before genos left he was using his labtop to find info on whatever that crazy doc said. Saitama remembers walking out from the bathroom and genos tells about his lead on a scientist of justice called Dr. Kuseno. Genos shows him an article about his village’s destruction and lingers over the list of names. The article went on to say many of the bodies could not be identified.

Saitama asks, "is your name in there?" He knows he shouldn’t have asked, but it just fell out and it was too late to take it back. 

Genos explained," that is not my name any more. That boy died."back to present saitama thinks, 'Not that he wasn’t weird before,’  

Saitama knows Genos has nightmares, not every night, but a lot. He moved their futons together, after finding genos sitting up in bed staring at the wall, cold as ice. At first only their futons would touch and they would stay on their sides, but saitama would wake up with genos snuggled into his side. Then some times saitama would wake up finding himself on genos’s side. Some nights saitama would wake to see genos fighting something in his dreams, grunting and glowing red. On those nights Saitama would pet his head and when that wasn’t enough he would pull the boy into his arms and whisper to him, until the glow dimmed out and genos was peaceful again and hold him like that the rest of the night. Saitama didn’t mind, whatever helped the kid out.'But now things have gotten weirder’ At first Saitama had to remind genos to eat. Now Saitama has to insist that if genos cooks they have to eat it together. He remembers thinking 'what am I? Some feudal lord with a submissive house wife?’Saitama constantly has to tell genos to put something on when around the apartment. Genos would say, “I don't see the efficiency in wearing something that gets dirtier the more I clean.” Saitama gets him an, on sale, pink apron. Genos was over the moon for the gift. Saitama felt the matter was settled. Later Saitama brings Rider over for lunch to find genos only wearing the apron and giving such a warm greeting, “Welcome home master!”much to Rider's shock saitama remembered saying, “Genos you’re going to give people the wrong impression about us.”Then there was the day Saitama came back from patrol, lamenting about how he tried to pet a cat, but it ran away. Saitama really liked cats, their appearance, independence and softness. He said out loud, "I wished a cat, for once, would come to me to be petted." In a meek voice saitama heard "master" and he looked over to see Genos had shaped changed to have cat ears and a tail. "You can pet me" he crawled over to lay in saitama's lap. Saitama remembers telling him, "don't be weird." but genos was dedicated to the part. He rubbed his face to saitama’s hand and purred. Saitama couldn’t help but scratch behind his ears.saitama frowns at his manga pages and thinks, 'After the meteor things got even worse! genos developed this crazy hero worship.’ Saitama thinks of the constant praise and note taking done by genos, 'now he won’t leave my side and picks fights with EVERYONE to defend my honor.’ Saitama flops over.Sometimes saitama catches genos’s stair and it’s so intense, like genos can look into his soul. Saitama has never had anyone look at him like that, it should bother him, but it doesn’t. There’s lots of things genos does that should bother him. Like how he had become saitama’s maid, personal chef, Makes cute bento lunches with saitamas face, when he burns the hate mail, buys expensive meat, how he keeps calling saitama “master”, but none of this bothers saitama. He has gotten use to it. It’s almost like Genos does it because he likes him.Saitama sighs and thinks, 'I’m just being gross, seeing things that aren’t there. Genos isn’t flirting with me. The last thing he needs is his RAPIST hitting on him. I’m being weird, it’s just hero worship.’



Saitama is oblivious
Chapter Summary
Genos overthinks a lot
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




 Genos is sitting at the table writing in his note book.‘Master saitama has been nothing but good to me. He saved me from that hell House of Evolution, and took me, a monster, into his home. He has given me so much, much more than I could ever hope to repay and he expects nothing in return. His amazing strength is only equally met by his kindness…. and body.’ Genos smiles to himself, 'he is quick to remove clothing as soon as the door shuts. He normally wears only sweat pants that hang low. And when he comes out of the bath, he normally doesn’t wear a towel. He is constantly changing in front of me. I am grateful that he trusts me to see him so intimately. His physic can only be compared to that of a god. The way his skin moves over his defined mussels is a work of art.’'I still long for his touch from our first meeting. I have offered myself to him before, but master made it clear he was not interested by his “im not into dudes statement.” I thought I could change how master sees me, so I can be the female role in master’s life, but all of my efforts to become master saitama’s romantic interest have failed!’Genos read an article in one of saitama's magazines on how to be good housewife. The first part covered cooking in the traditional Japanese house hold and how it made the man feel like master over his domain to be served and waited on by the submissive doll. Saitama did not approve of this. He prefers to share meals. Genos remembers him saying “Dude i'm not going to sit here and eat by myself while you watch.” The next part of the article described a more vintage approach. “A man's home is his castle. While cleaning give your man a treat.” Genos had already found it practical to clean the apartment while nude, now he could catch saitama’s eye, except saitama showed no interest.The last bit of the article detailed the modern house wife and the extreme couponing trend. Genos learned all he could and managed to pull off deals that impressed saitama, but it didn’t win his heart.genos scribbles in his notes, 'I do not know how master sees me, but he views me as male as indicated by his repeated “im not into dudes” and “no homo” statements. He says that a lot. “No homo” When we brush past each other. When he praises me. When our hands accidentally touch. When he pets my head. When he hugs me. When he holds me at night. There can be no other conclusion, master is not physically attracted to men and is still disgusted by me. How can i tell him i am having his baby?’Genos thinks of different scenarios. In the first one genos is sitting across from saitama at the table and blurts out “I’m pregnant with your baby!”Saitama blankly looks at him and say “get out”genos comes back from his thoughts and writes 'Thankfully Dr. Kuseno has offered me a place to say if I ever needed it.’The next scenario was far darker. After watching another infant die in his arms geons leaves and lives a life purely for revenge. No friends, no place to call home, and no saitama, only the endless hunt to find the mad cyborg. One day his relentlessness would pay off and he would fight the beast, only to be beaten. Before the final strike there would be a flash then the mad cyborg exploding into scrap. There would be his master with a smoking fist. After everything, even Genos’s failure to carry his child, saitama would still save him. Genos looks up at his former master. He is looking more drawn, more tiered, like the last light of hope was snuffed out. Genos breaks down and cries, knowing he was the one that ruined this man. geons frowns and writes 'What if I don’t tell him?’It would be the hardest choice to make. To give up his child, so to be by his master’s side. Genos sees himself trying to hand over a crying infant to Dr. Kuseno while every instinct in his body screams for him to hold it close. Genos comes to the conclusion he could never abadon his child and in the end tells saitama anyway.genos writes again 'And if the baby dies?’Genos tried to picture what he would do. He would have it at Dr. Kuseno’s lab, but he wouldn’t stick around long. He would return to saitama like he had a normal visit with Dr. Kuseno. Saitama would be sitting, reading his manga, look up and ask “how was your trip?”'I couldn’t meet his eyes and pretend like nothing happened.’genos writesGenos then sees himself saying, “master, you have taught me so much, but it is time I left and pursued my quest.”Saitama would blankly say “ok” and return to his book. Genos imagines he would make it to the hall before collapsing from stress. Saitama would run to his side, “what did that doc do to you man?”Ultimately Dr. Kuseno would be the one to tell saitama what happened. Genos can see the crest fallen look on saitama’s face.genos writes 'He says his emotions have numbed, but I know he cares especially for children. I have seen him go out of his way to save kids from monsters and give extra attention when they ask for help. And I have seen him sad when we visit the kids in the children’s hospital. It affects him to see children suffer. He says he has no expectations of being a father, but him knowing HIS child died would hurt him too much.’A long pause then Genos writes in his notes, 'It would be best if he never found out and I left. Master would be alone again, but that would hurt him the least.’Genos closes his note book and steps outside.



Chapter End Notes
Pain. Great suffering sadness pain. Give me your tears.


Fan mail and sex toys
Chapter Summary
I like to call this saitama is an asshole chapter.Be warned NSFW mentions of naughty box.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Genos steps out and brings in a huge case of mail. Saitama thinks ‘I hoped getting him into HA would help him and he would get his own place, but now he just gets paid more and has more fans…. Not that I mind.’They go threw the mail. Saitama getting a short stack of hate mail and the rest of the box is love letters for genos. Genos doesn’t understand why Saitama is only a B-class hero and also not more popular. Saitama explains, “Im not fazed. I Only got into the hero business because of Rider. I use to be a hero for fun and no one knew me then either. But as long as I get a kick out of it, in the end that’s all I really care about. It’s what saved me when I lost the will to live.” Genos sees that far away look again, like his eyes have become blank. "I feel no fear or joy. I feel no excitement, no anger either. I ended up loosing something that is essential for a human being in exchange for power. Before when I  got into fights my heart was filled with all kinds of emotions fear, panic, anger. Now one punch is all it takes. After that I come home unharmed and wash my gloves. That’s how I’ve been spending every day. No matter what I’m up against, there is no life or death struggle no battle of wits and guts to be found anymore.”Genos asks, “is it because of your emotions numbing that it doesn’t bother you?”  Saitama looks up from his hate mail to see genos crying black tears on to pink letters. Saitama frantically changes the subject, “you certainly have a lot of pretty girls in your fan club. Wouldn’t you like to go out with one of them?”

Genos explains, “I have no interest in them, as they do not know me and are basing all their judgements on my looks.” Burns mail. “I am content to say by master’s side.”Saitama knows he is a home body, and he’s fine with staying in, but with genos’s crazy hero worship he won’t go anywhere without saitama. He won’t even go to hero association Meetings without him. Always saying stuff like “If master is content, then I am content” and continue to scribble in his note book. Saitama feels bad, because the kid spent 4 years locked in a cell. it’s not right to keep him cooped up. There is so much the kid hasn’t done so Saitama takes him places every day, so he knows what fun is. Genos thinks it’s extra training and, in a way, it is. Anywhere they go saitama tries to do bets or small challenges the boy can win at. Saitama has also told every bad joke and pun he knows because genos is too intense and saitama wants him to loosen up. Saitama found out Growing up Genos didnt even watch tv, which saitama is slowly fixing. They have watched a different movie every night, so when saitama makes a pop culture reference genos can at least get it.After the mail was sorted, genos was cleaning the closet while saitama was out on patrol. Saitama’s stuff was very disorganized and more could fit if clothes were neatly folded. At the bottom genos found an old shoes box, the contents being anything but shoes. Genos took out each item and examined them carefully. There was what looked like a flash light, a clear bottle of viscous fluid, a silver egg, and a stretchy plastic ring. Genos thought Saitama kept weird things. They didn’t seem to have a function, save for the flash light. Genos opened the cap to see if it still worked. What he found was a flesh tone onahole. Genos drops it and scoots away as fast as he can. His bio-lights are glowing bright and smoke is rising from his body. Genos had heard of such things, but never seen one. 'Why would master have-’ Genos remembers finding all of saitama’s porn; Redtube videos of big boobed blonds in his internet history, hentai mixed with manga on the book shelf, and the dvd with naked women kissing under the tv. Then it all made sence. 'Saitama masterbated! And he uses sex toys.' Genos crawled back to the box seeing the items in a new light. Genos picked up the silver egg and pressed the button. It was a vibrator! Of course, how could he be so stupid! Saitama was a healthy adult male, secure in his sexuality. Why wouldn’t he have interests like this. He just wasn’t interested in genos. Genos wondered if he could be what saitama desired. He started to shape change, swelling his pecks and hips, but stopped himself. 'No, saitama will only see me as a male because of my penis. He would not want a man as a woman. i may not be human, but I was originally male. I do not feel like a man, nor do I feel like a woman, but it feels so wrong! Like I am betraying the last true part of myself.’Genos looks down at the onahole. 'If master uses it, it must feel good....... How does it feel when master uses it?’ Genos felt a shift in his crotch, he was getting hard thinking of saitama stroking wth the toy. Topless and pumping it up and down his shaft. Genos was lost in fantasy when his proximity alarm went off. Saitama was approaching. Genos crashes back to reality, he was touching himself in front of all of saitama’s sex toy. He quickly put everything back in the box, and put it back where he found it. Saitama would notice the closet was organized, he always noticed when genos changed things. He needed an alibi.Saitama walked in through the door greeted by genos, “welcome home master,” he was wearing his pink apron luckly this time with clothes underneath. “Good to be back” saitama removes his boots by the door and starts to unbuckle his cape.“Master, while you were out, I found something in the closet I hoped you could explain.”
Saitama is luckily turned away and genos cannot see his panicked face. 'Did he find it?’ He slowly turns “yeah?” trying to hide the rise in his voice. Genos is holding a photo ID like a business man presents his card.Saitama exhales in relief and takes the ID. “Oh yeah that’s an old picture of me before I started training,” you could see a black suit jacket and tie in the picture as well as a mop of black hair, “back when I worked in an office and use to be handsome.”“master is always handsome.” Genos removes his apron.Caught off guard Saitama blushes, 'is he hitting on me’ he deflected, “you should get out more.” He returns to removing his hero suit,  “Go on dates,” takes off his gloves, “You’re young, you should be having the time of your life, not hanging around some old dude.” Saitama pushes his suit down to be only in his boxers. Genos “you are not old master,” he sits at the computer “i'm happy to be here.”Saitama gets a bright idea “you could go out with a fan! And do teen stuff.” Genos blankly says “I assure you master saitama, I have no interest in such things”“but there are lots of cute girls in your fan club that would jump at the chance!” . “they are only attracted to me based on my appearance and assumptions in magazines. They don't know what I’m really like”This was a conversation they’ve had before but saitama had to try. He feels bad for taking the boy’s virginity and with that any since of normalcy with dating. As he changes into his lounge clothes he asks “have you ever been with a girl?,” Saitama realized how bad that sounded after it left his mouth, back petaling he added “On a date?”Genos doesn’t look up from typing “yes and yes”Genos caught his attention, 'maybe not a virgin?’ “What? When?”Genos nails clack on the keyboard, “when I was 14. She was my summer tutor. She was 19, taking a break before deciding on college.”Saitama sit on the floor next to genos, “wow! Really?”“yes. She found my intellect attractive, but she was rather immature for her age.” There is little to no emotion to Genos’s voice. Saitama thinks 'geeze, he talks like a robot reading a script’Genos recounted how she insisted on giving him a blow job and how she leaned over his desk to spread her legs. “our relationship became physical quickly, but at the end of the summer it was just a fling.” Genos thinks, 'even then, was sex consensual?’ Genos stops and turns to saitama “What about you master? What dates have you been on?” Genos did and did not want to know about saitama’s previews lovers. The thought of someone else being with his master made him burn with jealousy, but genos needed to know what saitama was looking for in a mate.Saitama had the tables turned on him. He couldn’t tell genos he had never been with a girl, much less been been on a date! he was a 25 year old otaku that on his first time raped someone, namely genos!  Saitama quickly diverts and asks, “whatever happened to her?” scratching the back of his head.Genos stops and looks down at the keyboard, “the same thing that happen to everyone……. excuse me,” genos gets up and goes to the bathroom, slamming the door. Saitama slaps his face, 'why did I have to ask that? I’m such an ass.’



Chapter End Notes
Rollercoaster of feels ..,;:'```\.../O\......□(If you cant tell i drew a rollercoaster with a loop de loo)


Genos is caught
Chapter Summary
The NSFW smut chapter that stabs you in the feels ^_^
Chapter Notes
Did i hurt you before? I promise to hurt you now.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




The next day Saitama leaves for a sale. Genos thinks he has enough time. He goes to the bottom of the closet for the hidden shoe box. He found it a day ago while cleaning and can’t stop thinking about it. Master saitama’s sex toys. Genos knows he shouldn’t use saitama’s things but the thought of sticking his cock where saitama has put his, turns him on so much. He’s been so frustrated, getting turned on more and more with no relief. It doesn’t matter how much he jacks off in the shower, his pussy aches for relief. Genos tried to ignore the female part of his body, never wanting it, but as the pregnancy continues the desire is causing painful cramps. He kneels on saitama’s futon. He uses the lube from the shoe box to ready the toy then slowly slip it over the head of his penis. Genos is so turned on, his dick is going where saitama’s had been. He stifles a moan and pushes the toy down to the base. It felt wet and maybe a little loose. Saitama must have stretched it out some. Genos though about when he pushed into his opening. He starts to pump the toy. How thick saitama felt and how his walls stretched to accommodate. He felt a shutter inside his pussy and then a wetness drip down. He pushes a finger inside himself. the sensation on his fingers is familiar; Wet, hot, tight, but the sensation of having a pussy and what his fingers are touching is alarmingly good. He’s never done this before, masturbated using his female parts. He never enjoyed the breedings even when his body was forced to climax, it never felt good. He moves his first two fingers in and out working up a rhythm in both hands. He hears the noises he’s making, panting and moaning so shamefully. He’s so turned on, but its not enough. Soon his moans turn to frustrated wines. He fumbles with the silver egg and pushes a button turning it on. He presses it to his wet lips under his cock. He pumps his cock harder. The vibrations send a shock wave through his body. He falls forward and lands nose deep in saitama’s pillow. He is pumping his cock and vibrator in and out. He is close and calling out saitama’s name in pants and moans.The door clicks, “hey the sale got moved to tomorrow” saitama looks up at the sound of his name and sees genos doggie style, spread open with everything exposed, laying on his futon.Genos panics “Master I was not expecting …. For you to find me in such a disgraceful state” Genos has been caught. He realizes he may be thrown out. He moves quickly to hold his knees to his chest, naked, mortified. ‘He saw! He saw everything!’ Saitama’s face is unreadable “genos. what’s the meaning of this?” Saitama was mad, genos was doing the nasty on his bed with his sex toys. 'Get on your own futon’Genos’s mind is in a frenzy 'he saw my belly, he knows!’ and says “i didn’t want master to find out this way, I’ve been trying to tell you for some time, but the timing was never right-”Genos is babbling, and saitama questions maybe he was too harsh.“This pregnancy has left me more frustrated -"Genos is trying not to cry.Saitama has a grave expression, "You’re pregnant?”Genos starts yelling “im sorry master! I kept this from you! I would understand if you never want to see me again after finding me in such a disgraceful state! I will move out tonight!” genos is crying Giant black tears that run down his face and collect at his chin before dripping off. The kid is really freaking out. Saitama has left his body and is watching the scene unfold from the ceiling. As freaked as he might feel genos must be 10 times worse. Saitama already made a promise to be there for genos and this would be another time where he would have to be the adult in the room.Saitama wraps a blanket around Genos and sat across, arms crossed “Why didn’t you tell me?”“I didn’t want master to know”That hurt saitama it really did. “Oh I see. How long were you planning on keeping this from me?”“I would do anything to spare master this heartache”“so…. what? you were going to show up with a baby one day or were you even planning on keeping it?” Saitama doesn’t hide his distaste.“I don't know if there will BE a baby.”Saitama’s gaze softened.“This isn't…. the first time I’ve been pregnant.”Saitama sees genos struggle to count words, “take your time”“there were many I was forced to breed with. I would fight them off but…” -genos takes a deep breath and his voice went clinical, “My abdomen would swell at an accelerated rate. My body could not handle the change and I would go into labor. The first few I was tied down and forced to deliver from a chair. later deliveries I was on my own abandoned in my cell,” spite colored his voice, “like they already knew the outcome.” “The offspring were not always human shaped and never survived past birth” Genos’s hands come up trembling, as if holding something- “I remember my next to last, she had my sister’s face.” His voice cracks “she fought so hard to breath.” Genos starts crying, “I held her tight in her last moments” He looks at saitama rage bubbling forth, “they had to tranquilize me before they could remove her from my arms.” The rage has now passed only leaving sadness as he wraps his arms around himself, “I wanted her to live so badly, I wanted them all to live.”Saitama waits and Genos continues, “father use to say "a child is a promise that your world would change”. That’s why I didn’t want to tell you. I didnt want to change your world; your apartment, your sales, your manga, your hero work, all for a promise made and then taken away. I never wanted master to feel the way I do.“Saitama nervously scratches the back of his neck, "Genos, why didn’t you tell me about this before?”“master wanted me to summarize.”Saitama feels like a heel, this really is all his fault he face palms “when did you find out?”“since the first time I came back from Dr. Kuseno’s.” Genos lets loose a small laugh, “I begged him to turn me into a cyborg. He refused”Flashback
“why? Why do you refuse my request? After this body has been ray- ripped apart. Why?” genos is screaming.“my boy, your request is unrealistic. Your body is perfectly healthy. Besides no tech I can give you can out do what you already do.”“But”- “now I understand your quest for vengeance. I can’t keep that from you. I have hunted the mad cyborg for many years now and I promised to keep you informed on any findings, but I cannot abide a full conversion while you have a life inside of you.”Genos is in shock, “what!?” “scans indicate that you have a healthy little life inside of you and I can help you keep it that way.”“I am a monster.” He clutches abs, “this child will be a monster! As a scientist of justice, isn’t it your duty to prevent that?” genos needs to know where this man stands.“my boy you are not a monster. You are a young man that has survived a great deal of tragedy and as far as your child, that is your decision.”End flashback“Dr. Kuseno has been helping me monitor the pregnancy.”Saitama interrupts, “wait! How long have you known?” He raises his tone angrily, “do you know how many monster fights you’ve been in? You need to be more careful!”Genos raises his tone back at saitama “ I cannot sit idly by while innocent people are in danger!”Saitama angrily counts on his fingers still yelling, “You went all out in our sparing match! You drained your energy dry at that meteor, I had to carry you home! You had your arms ripped off by sea freak, I had to hand feed you until they grew back!”Genos interrupts “There was also the possibility master would have me leave. You’ve said before you held no expectations of being a father, but I didn’t want to stop being your pupil, I still don’t.”saitama stops mid rant wide eyed, Did I really say that? How many times had genos tried to tell me and I ruined it?" Saitama realizes he's been a bad friend, “oh geeze, you can count on me more than that. Here’s an important lesson genos, friends don’t knock up friends and leave them hanging.”“Master… that is the first time you have refereed to us as friends.”Saitama thinks 'Didn’t the boy already know that’ then asks, “so that brings us to, why my bed?”Genos blushes, “the frustration has started to hurt and I’m cramping inside my vagina. master’s scent helps me to relax and imagine you inside me.”“you’re having sexual fantasies, about me?”“ I don’t know how else to imagine it. That time with master, was the only time I enjoyed it.”“You could have asked me for help.”“I could never impose on master. I know my body disgusts you in a "no homo” way and that you are “not into dudes”.“"Dude if you need help, I’ll help” then he said under his breath, “you’re already pregnant with my kid.” out loud he asks, “You still need help right?”“No…Master I need help, but not with that. When I sat up quickly the vibrator went in and It won’t come out.” Genos parts his legs to a dripping pink pussy. “it’s still on and becoming unbearable.”          ———————— Saitama is knuckle deep in his student’s pussy, feeling around to pull out a trapped vibrator. Genos is doing his best to hold his knees apart, only softly moaning.Genos is getting worked up, his pussy is getting wetter and it’s getting harder to find the vibrator.“Try pushing it out”“How?” Genos asks.'Do I really have to explain how to use your pussy?’ Saitama instructs “Use your mussels and squeeze down”“I will try” he moans.Genos suddenly clinched around saitama’s fingers and a squelch follow by more lube came out. Saitama can barely move his fingers, it was heavenly tight.The smell is enough to make him want to lean forward and give that pink pussy a lick.“Master can you reach it?”“Dont call me that now!”“Sai ….. saitama”'That was hotter than it needed to be!' Saitama is so close to forgetting about the vibrator, pushing his student down, and shoving his own cock in. Instead he moves behind genos, “let me try to get it from this angle” Genos gasps as saitama inserts his fingers deeper in. Genos is leaning on saitama. His naked back flush to saitama’s clothed chest, but he can feel every bit of the heat genos gives off.“Saitama, if you could angle up more….”“I almost got it, just a little more” Saitama hooks his fingers as the vibrator slips out of his grip. Genos screams and his head falls back on saitama’s shoulder.Saitame screams, “WHAT?!”“That spot, I feel it in both places”Saitama looks down to see genos is fully erect. He feels around, the spot he is touching feels like a swollen lump and in the middle of it is a ruff patch of skin. "Dude, is this your prostrate and g-spot?" “My what?” Genos says breathy.Saitama press the spot again. Genos bites his lip and makes a whining sound in his nose. Saitama sees genos dick has a pearl of pre-cum at the tip. Saitama thinks 'he’s really getting into this’ he listens to genos moan 'maybe he’s not alone.’ Genos was like a fine musical instrument and saitama was playing an orchastra of moans. Saitama could feel every twitch and see genos’s cock seeping. This was hot and he was turned on, his own erection dangerously poking into Genos’s back. With fierce concentration he gets the vibrator out and flicks it off. “Ya know genos, these things aren’t for internal use.” As genos pants saitama feels bold, “if you imagine me inside of you, why don’t I just be in you?” Genos stops breathing. Saitama panics, 'did I fuck up?!’ Genos quietly says, “I did not think you would want to, after turning me down…”“I just didn’t want you to think you HAD to use your body, especially after I took advantage of you”“you did no such thing! That time with you was the only time I enjoyed it….. I thought my body repulsed you”“what? No way! I’m so attracted to you, I can’t even describe what you do to me” genos smiles.“if master is still offering, then yes, put it in me.” Saitama jumps and fumbles his dick out and lifts genos by his thighs effortlessly, “tell me if i go too deep” and slides genos down his shaft.Genos is so full. Saitama is thick and meaty inside him. Saitama moves his hips and they both moan. Saitama latches his mouth on genos’s neck. Genos throws his arm behind saitama’s head as an anchor. Saitama continues to suck, bringing up his hand to Genos’s peck to play with a budding nipple. Genos whimpers with want. Saitama’s other hand wraps around genos’s  cock, matching slow strokes with slow thrusts. It’s not enough genos needs more. Genos bucks his hips up in need of friction only to slam down on saitama’s dick with a yelp. Saitama lets out a feral growl that melts genos to the bone. Saitama thrusts faster, pumps harder, and bites genos neck. All genos can do is moan and yelp as the heat in his belly turns into fire flies and his cliamx quickly approaches. Saitama notices the change, his movements get more erratic as their moans sync then saitama feels genos clench on his dick and genos’s cock is twitching in his hand as he shoots across the room onto the table. Genos is screaming, eyes rolling back in ecstasy. Saitama gives two more weak pumps and lets loose with a grunt. Genos feels the warmth spread inside him. Saitama holds genos as they come down from the high. Saitama thinks, 'punching monsters never felt so good!’ he slides out, releasing a flood of fluids on the futon.------After clean up saitama asks “when will the baby be born?”Genos responds, “I don't know, this is the longest a pregnancy has lasted.” they lay together in Genos's dry futon.Saitama smiles-“well isn’t that a good thing?”“Dr. Kuseno speculates another month”Saitama looks around his small apartment, “we need to find a bigger place”Genos sighs deeply, "this is what I meant when i said i didn't want to change things."



Chapter End Notes
No. They are not 'together'


blizard group
Chapter Summary
Saitama has a job interview
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Saitama is wearing his old suit from his job hunting days and is on his way to meet Fubuki. Saitama is still reeling that genos is pregnant with his kid and the million and one baby things they will need to buy. Then a voice cuts into his thoughts laughing “you look ridiculous. What’s with the hit-man costume?” Saitama looks over to a slim guy with black hair and purple markings holding a Starbucks cup, “sup panic?” His hair was short from when genos ripped it off.“My name is speed of sound sonic! fight me!”“Not today, I have a job interview and Genos just got this suit clean. I really don’t want to rip it.”Sonic was puzzled, “What? With who?”Saitama says plainly, “Blizzard Goup”Sonic says in a sarcastic tone, “Those bunch of weaklings? Why waste your time?” Waves hand dismissively.“I need the money” Sonic makes a face of disbelief, “I'm gonna be a dad” Sonic smiles, “Yeah right. Like anyone would have sex with you besides the toaster.” Sonic started calling genos that after their last battle and Genos’s propensity to scream ‘Incinerate’ with every blast.Saitama makes a weird face and walks away.Sonic’s smile drops and yells “Where are you going? Get back here and fight me!”——–Fubuki sits there like a mob boss, “So what finally changed your mind?” She pets her coat. An evil accomplished smile on her red lips.“I needed the money”“For what? You LIVE with Demon Prince.” She scoffs.“Well, I’m about to become a dad…” She chuckles sarcastically “what’d you do? Knock up one of your teen fans.”  Saitama says nothing but has big eyes and sweats. Fubuki rises up to slam her hands on her desk and screams “You didn’t!?”'How can she hit the nail on the head and still miss the mark?’Fubuki has completely lost her yakuza persona and gone straight for drama queen, “You can’t bring that kinda’ drama into the Blizzard group, you’ll give us a bad name!”Saitama yells back, “It’s not like that!” Points and shouts “You’re not denying it either! Who’s this girl I want to meet her!”Saitama says as coolly as possible, “the mother doesn’t want their identity revealed.” It wasn’t a lie. Genos really didn’t want anyone to know about his condition.Fubuki squints her eyes, hand still pointing “are you being exploited?” No one takes advantage of her members.Saitama blushes turning the color of a tomato, “What? NO!”----Saitama manages to escape Fubuki and her game of 20 questions. He let it slip. It wasn’t on purpose, but he didn’t see him being a 'dad’ as a big deal. As long as he didn’t tell people about Genos everything should work out. He clearly underestimated Fubuki’s ability to meddle. He found himself walking the streets of the city, window shopping. A display caught his eye. It was a crib, and the faux room was made up to look like a nursery. It only stood to remind him why he joined the blizzard group. It wasn’t a hard choice, joining the Blizzard Group meant a better job. Soon genos wouldn’t be working and he would be there only income. This is why Saitama needed a better job, even if it was with the Blizzard Group, he could rise in rank and provide something more stable.
It was slowly sinking in saitama was going to be a parent.——Saitama makes it home. Genos is in his pink apron cooking. Saitama smiles and loosens his tie. “Im home”“Welcome back” genos is fretting with the ladle, “How did it go?”Saitama sighs, “I'm in. Signed the contract, went over benefits, paid leave yada yada… just need to wear my salary-man suit again”Genos exhales deeply, “This is what I meant when I said I didn’t want your life to change”“change can be good sometimes. Besides I’m still being a hero. It’s just a different suit.”“But you LIKE your hero suit.” Genos has those sad puppy eyes.“Genos, it doesn’t matter what I wear. It’s not the suit that makes the hero, it’s the hero.”Genos grabs his red gloves, “At least wear your gloves. Dont let her take that from you.” Looks down, holds gloves tightly, “Im sorry. I know you didn’t want this.”Saitama put his hand on genos’s shoulder, “Dont worry about that.”“I wish you would let me pay for the apartment”saitama didn’t want to use his money. Genos can’t do hero work till after the baby comes and with all the little expenses that come with a baby they might need genos’s savings. But if saitama didn’t relent on somethings genos would just worry himself,  “We still need to buy baby stuff, we can use your money for that”G-“Master I still want to wait on that… ” eyes look away “It will be easier on returns the less we purchase.”'DONT SAY THAT!’ saitama screams in his mind
“Genos” Saitama says more calmly than he feels, “You’re going to have a baby. a baby that needs stuff and parents and time. So I don’t want you saying or thinking stuff like that.”Genos will not meet his eyes, “But it’s not fiscally responsible.”Saitama puts both hands on genos’s face and turns it to face him, “It’s gonna be different this time. Genos do me a favor while you’re pregnant, I want you to focus on the positive.”“I still want to wait…. until we get a new apartment. we need somewhere to put everything.”“Oh your right, good thinking genos.” head pats, “how’s the baby?”Genos perks up, “Growing at an alarming but steady rate according to Dr. Kuseno. The baby weighs 15 grams.”“…” a pause of nothing“Its the size of a lime” genos was told comparing to fruits would help with understanding.“So? Good right?”“Master”“Yeah?”“Thank you”“No problem. That’s what I’m here for buddy.” Saitama shifts his weight side to side “Besides” swallow, “I may have let it slip to Fubuki I’m about to be a dad.” Saitama does not want to look at the surprise in Genos’s eyes.



Chapter End Notes
I hope the fluff eases the pain.


Rumor has it
Chapter Summary
When your friends want to get involved. >_>
Chapter Notes
Almost current with tumblr. it's all slow posting from here.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Someone let it leak to the press and things blow up out of proportion over night.

tabloids had head lines:

☆caped baldy seduces an underage girl with his hero title☆Provocitive high school student seduces low rank b class hero for child support.☆25 year old B class hero dating middle school student. Identity unknown, will pay reward.Each magazine with candid pictures of saitama at different sales around town. Sweet mask makes official statement that there will be an investigation. The only clue found was fubuki’s office being taped. This makes nothing better and saitama gets more hate mail. they sit in their apartment surrounded by piles of hate mail. Calmly saitama says, "people really have a lot of time on their hands"Genos is beyond livid and glowing a shade of red saitama has never seen.after the leak, people have been approaching saitama asking weird questions. Not to mention fubuki happens to pop in more often now, trying to catch a glimpse of the mystery girl.Bang approached saitama, “I didnt think you were into high school girls. Are her intentions pure? What are your plans for the future?Saitama blandly replied, "you know you’re not my dad right?”Rider thinks a Provocative high school student seduced saitama for child support and is worried his friend is being taken advantage of.Saitama is on his way back to his apartment from king’s place when mumen rider bikes up to him. after exchanging pleasantries Rider asks-"how is genos handling the news?"Saitama answers, "he’s ok, we’re gonna find a new place together.""oh, I thought he’d be angry.""what do you mean?""you having a relationship when he’s in love with you.""what? no way. We’re friends and roommates."Rider thinks, ‘why do you have to be so oblivious’ 
then says "anyone can see it with the way he looks at you"Saitama blows off the statement, "that’s just hero worship.""I don’t think that’s all, but I’m glad it’s working out." Rider makes a hasty retreat. ——-Saitama makes it home and quickly tells genos, “I dont know how, but king already knows”"what? When?" How could anyone already know?Flashback
Saitama is over at kings place playing video games. They were in the middle of a match when saitama suddenly says “so im going to be a dad”ah," king pauses then looks at saitama, "so when is Genos due?"Saitama is still button smashing, “hes not sure maybe another month or….” king is looking at him “how did you know?”King looks away back to the tv, “remember that time i came over to your place to watch anime and genos was making our snacks wearing his pink apron?”'yeah… vaguely…" they were still in a match and saitama is trying to focus on the game.King becomes super serious "i noticed then the apron at his mid section was taunt.”“what the fuck?! That’s before I even knew!”King looks at him with a stone face of shame “that’s my fetish”Present

“so yeah king knows.”Genos puts a hand to his chin, “i have noticed he has been more polite towards me. Offering his help in carrying things or finishing tasks. Asking at meetings if I was tiered.——-bang, fubuki, rider, and king come to genos to stage an intervention for saitama. King is playing with his psp as they surround the little table in the tiny apartment interrogating genos.All voices are talking at once fubuki and rider confessing to trying to catch the girl at their apartment. Bang offering sagely advice in the background. King says nothing and keeps his head down, not making eye contact with genos.Genos interrupts them all, "I would ask you, to say out of master’s personal life."Fubuki says first "Genos can you give us a clue who this girl might be? You’re always with him, have you meet her? why doesn’t she want her identity revealed?Rider asks "How are you holding up? I know this must be hard for you"Bang in all his wisdom, "more over how does he plan to provide for the child. Not just financially but emotionally. What role does he want to play in their lives?Genos says in a predictive tone," and you want to know the girl’s identity so you can take her side.Fubuki yells "no! So, we can help! Saitama is a good person and our friend." Rider adds "We're worried…. saitama can be very trusting of the wrong people. I’ve known saitama since middle school, I’ve never know him to get caught up in something like this. How do we even know this girl is telling the truth?"Bang "how do we know this girl has the best intention for his heart?"Fubiki is pleading "we’re his friends and we’ve got his back, but we can’t be of any use if he doesn’t let us in."Rider-"and were your friend too. So you can talk to us."Genos thinks, 'Can i trust them?’ he decides to say "there isn't a girl."All three look at each otherRider questions first-"Then why is he saying he’s going to be a dad?"Fubuki butts in-"he looked like a squished toad when I asked him if the mother was a teenage fan, and he wouldn’t deny it."Genos thinks 'Master would do that’ then answers "there isn’t a girl because" he Lifts his shirt showing the start of a mound,-"I am the one having master’s baby."everyone has Owl faces. Except king that already knew.

Rider and Fubuki speak at the same time. "how?" "aren’t you both guys?"Genos explains -"I asked master not to reveal my identity because it would expose what i am. But it has caused master much inconvenience and to his friends as well."Rider quietly asks, "genos what do you mean?"Genos struggles to explian.King is sweating "It’s because genos is a monster”Genos looks to king, “yes…. but i wasn’t originally. I was turned into a monster.” Genos looks at king quizzically.King says “i knew the first moment i met you”Genos says,"-i wouldn’t expect anything less from s class rank 7"'it’s because you scare the shit out of me’ internally screaming.Genos addresses the group, "So you understand why i must keep this secret."There is a tension in the air. Electric as genos waits for their response.Bang is the first to speak, "i see no problem here. Just a young couple having a baby…"Genos corrects him, “master saitama and I are not together. This was not a willing conception for either of us”  genos looks guarded and hurt. In a heavy tone fubuki says, “it’s clear what we have to do here.” Opening her arms wide saying in a Lighter tone, “have a baby shower!”Genos yells "NO! There will be no showers."Fubuki is wide eyes and silent at the negative outburst.Rider questions meekly, “but won’t you need stuff for a new born? We can help.”Genos clutches his belly, “i don’t…. i don't know if it will live.” bears his fangs and fights to not cry, “the others… they…. I…”Bang interrupts with a fatherly rumble, “genos. Whatever dark past you have, know that it is behind you and we will be here when you are ready to face it.”Genos nods to him and Above a whisper says “I just want to be sure.” Silence follows and gloom fills the room.“what are all of you doing in my apartment?” Saitama says coming into the room.They make separate excuses and leave all at once. Fubuki wiping the tears from her eyes and King loans saitama his psp.Leaving saitama wondering 'what was all that about?’



Chapter End Notes
Bonus:King loaned him a BL date sim ;p(Get a clue saitama)


I want to be what sensei wants
Chapter Summary
NSFW sexy timesCross dressing genosStudent/teacher kinkApron sex
Chapter Notes
Good news updated this chapter at the end. This chapter is just very long covering most of the pregnancy.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




They hadn’t had sex again, hadn’t even talked about what they did. The last time genos had been caught and it just happened. Saitama said genos could ask for help, but how do you ask your mentor for sex? From saitama’s  porn history he was very much into women and genos wasn’t what his master wanted. Forging pride genos made the purchase online with same day shipping.Saitama is watching tv procrastinating looking for a new apartment. He knows he needs to but they’re so expensive. He can’t see shelling out that kind of money like King does for his place. It’s nice and all but the cheapskate in him can’t do it.Saitama looks up to see genos busying himself in the kitchen. Genos still wants to do all the chores no matter how much saitama tries to stop him. Genos has been getting angry at seemingly easy tasks, even audibly growling at appliances. Saitama asked if anything was wrong, but genos would assure him the baby was fine and the size of an avocado or something.
Saitama herd of mood swings, but in order to have a “mood swing” it would have to involve other moods wouldn’t it? Genos was just always on edge.There was a knock at the door and genos was answering it before saitama could twitch. “Ive got it master, do not let this affect your leisure time.”Saitama felt indigent. He was a grown man not some child in need to be taken care of. He wasn’t even the pregnant one. So how useless was he? While rolling in self piety he just noticed genos slipping into the bathroom with the parcel.Saitama says aloud to no one “what’s that about?”After a time and some adjustments genos stepped back into the main room. Saitama was leaning against the folded up futons channel surfing only looking up when he herd the door click.Saitama’s eyes flew open when he saw what genos was wearing. It was a high school girl’s uniform staight from his favorite manga, complete with stockings. Saitama could see Genos had body-shifted to fill out the chest and hips of the costume. He really had boobs and a butt! Saitama body froze in place. Genos’s heart might just beat out of his chest and fly away at the look his master gave him. He tried to remember the words he practiced by they dried up in is mouth. “Sensei….” he said in an airy voice. Genos steps toward him and stops. Saitama clicks off the tv and stands to meet him. Genos sits on his knees in front of him looking up into his eyes. “Genos what are you doing?”“I know I am not the type you prefer, but I can be. I have studied what master likes.” paws at saitama’s crotch, “You prefer large breasted girls in mini skirts. So do you find me desirable?”‘Am i so predictable?’genos unzips his trousers and pulls out his half hard length and strokes it to full mast. Then mouths at the head of the shaft.Saitama gasps. Genos’s mouth was heavenly as his tongue swirled around his glands. Saitama relaxed into the wet heat of genos’s mouth. Eyes half lidded in bliss.Genos sucks at the tip and pulls off with a pop, “If i hide it you can pretend I’m a girl.” tears are in the corners of his eyes.Saitama springs back to life ‘Something’s wrong!’ He quickly Lowers to his knees to hold genos’s shoulders-“come here what’s going on?”Genos lowers his head down.- “Im Sorry I’m not good enough. You deserve someone better than me. i'm so sorry i'm not a girl.”“What! where is this coming from? I already told you I find you attractive. So why are you doing this?”Genos won't meet his eyes “I know you prefer women, so I can never be what you truly desire. That’s why I wore the uniform, I wanted master to be comfortable.”“Genos pretending to be something you’re not won’t make you happy. If you needed it so bad you could have asked.”“I didn’t know how. i know I’m pathetic but i want to be what you want. It’s been so long since the last time you touched me and my body is aching. I though if i became what you liked….”‘Oh! That explains all the behavior lately.’ Saitama felt dense for not picking up on it sooner. Saitama pulls genos by the shoulders and he lands on the folded futon with saitama on top between his knees. Genos parted his legs more lifting the skirt. Saitama slides a hand up the stockings to his thigh. Genos uses his hand to cover his erection, while spreading his hips to display his pink slit. Saitama pins his hands above head.“Were friends you can tell me when you need it. You don't havta’ get all dressed up for me, But i dont mind a little role play.”
Saitama shot his sharp features and a crooked smile.Genos cheeks bloomed at the playful words “… I  want to have sex with sensei. Please touch me, I cant wait any longer! Im dripping wet. Stir up my insides.”Saitama blushed hard, 'he’s been reading my hentai!’ “You’re gonna give me a kink”“I fucking knew it. I fucking CALLED IT!”The voice startles them and they both look over to the glass door to see a crouching ninja on the balcony.“sonic” genos said in a low murderous growl.“I told you the only person that would have sex with you is the toaster!” Sonic was flashing his “innocent” smile.Genos charged his palm and discharge a beam of plasma at the intruder.Once the smoke cleared, sonic was no where to be see but the wall needed to be replaced and the moment was ruined.——Later repairs were completed and things were back to their normal pace.Genos is sitting at the table focusing on his notes in a baby journal. Dr Kuseno suggested he keep one to track the baby’s development. Daily he records his weight and belly size. He has lost his abs completely and has a round baby bump. Which is not bad but is still upsetting because he is growing out of the clothes saitama bought for him. Saitama said they could get him more clothes but these were special and genos did not want to give them up.He also tracks his caloric intake; Recording when, what, how much and how often he eats.Which all seem to be increasing. Again not bad, but he seems to have disturb saitama with his cravings. To the point where he was sucking on a loli pop and eating sardines at the same time. Without thinking Saitama said that was just monstrous. Genos frowned at him and popped another fish in his mouth with the candy. Saitama freaked out, but after all genos was a monster.The other side effect have not been so enjoyable. His pecks have swollen and become more sensitive. He can hardly stand to have a shirt touch his nipples. He has also had gas, heart burn, faintness, and hot flashes to name a few of the more uncomfortable symptoms of pregnancy. Genos also keeps track of his emotional state. Dr. Kuseno said it’s normal to feel anxious during pregnancy, but genos isn’t so sure being horny all the time and having vaginal pains is normal.Since the last time he asked for sex that stupid ninja showed up and ruined it. Saitama used his hand and gave him a quick release before they had to do  repairs, so now genos only wants to ask when he really needs it.Saitama see genos furiously writing in his notebook. Genos is staring at pages with a permanent scowl like the notebook was the one to send the last bit of hate mail. His bio-lights are emitting a low red light. To anyone else he looks mad but saitama thinks he looks more frustrated.“You doin’ ok bud?”Genos gasps “i was just recording my progress” genos is breathing hard. Pupils are blown. A faint blush on his cheeks, with kissed pink lips. There is no doubt genos is aroused and it does things to the bald man.saitama leans over and says “you dont have to wait to ask, we can do it whenever you want”Saitama’s hand flows down his chest and genos moans. They are in kissing distance. Saitama continues to slide his hand down  Genos’s belly on the way to his crotch, but then quickly pulls away. “Something moved!”Genos is startled out of his good mood, looks down at his own belly and places a hand a top it. He pauses for a moment then feels the flutters. “It’s the baby. It’s moving.”Saitama sits next to genos and reaches his hand out to touch the bump again “that’s what that feels like?” Saitama is clearly in awe of the mysteries of life. Genos just watches the man, for the first time, feel his own offspring show signs of life. Genos has never experienced something so intimate.It didn’t take long for genos to get in the habit of asking for sex. All it would take was a wine and his fists clutching saitama’s shirt before bed for the older man to be ready and send him into a world of pleasure. Those were the moments all titles were dropped, no master or disciple. Genos could say saitama’s name in lust driven moans and not feel guilty. Most nights genos could ejaculate unassisted as Saitama plowed into his wet heat. Saitama would suck his plump nipples, mouth at his neck, and no where was safe from that sinful tongue, but saitama would never kiss him on the lips. Genos never begged him for a kiss, he knew the man didn’t love him. It was enough to be by his side.It wasn’t hard to get the bald man riled up which is why genos was standing in the kitchen wearing only his pink apron. “Welcome home master. Dinner will be ready shortly” genos said lightly. genos has pulled back the back in his skin and is evenly pale. He had been practicing for a more “human” look, separate from his combat form.Saitama was back from a sale wearing his jeans and hoodie. He sees genos is only wearing the apron again, with pale skin exposed all down his back side. Saitama made a low growl that rumbled in his chest. He slowly moved in behind genos, used his foot to spread his legs apart and hands to push him over the counter. Genos is  blushing and panting, with pussy dripping.They have been having sex every night but saitama couldn’t get enough of the sight of genos spread open for him. It made his heart skip beats. He undid his pants putting his hands on genos’s hips and pushed his cock in. He didnt need to prep, genos was ready.They both liked it rough, but saitama made sure not to thrust too deep, so not to rupture the “baby’s house”. As he thrust genos moaned. Each push moving genos further up the counter top. He leaned over Genos’s back and wrapped a hand around his belly to protect it while he pushed dipper still. Genos cock was rubbing up against the cabinets while his biolights were going crazy. They were moving like running lights down his arms in flashes of red and blue. Genos was mewing completely submissive to his master. saitama grabbed genos by the hair and switched from long deep thrusts to quick jabs, giving genos jolts of pleasure making his colors change to gold and cunt tense up. Genos eyes rolled in the back of his head at the rough but gentle treatment and shot all over the counters. Saitama loved it when genos came first. His pussy became unbearable tight and milked his cock for every last drop. Saitama poured into him as genos came with a moan coating the cabinets. Saitama pulled out and genos slid down in a slump, breathing hard covered in his own spunk as more of saitama's leaked out. Genos turned his red messy face and gave saitama a breathtaking smile. Saitama could get hard again, but dinner was ready.--------Dr Kusino wants genos in twice a week now for check ups. with the accelerated growth rate the doctor estimates genos is halfway through the pregnancy from the way he has doubled in size. Dr Kusino asked if genos wanted to see the baby’s image, but genos was just happy to hear a heart beat. He wasn’t ready to see it. It would make it worse if something went wrong.Feeling the baby move around is distracting for genos. He’s never had this sensation before. It keeps him awake at night having something alive moving inside him. At the last check in Dr Kusino saided he would get use to it, but what genos hasn’t said to the doctor is how hot it makes him feel. It is embarrassing being turned on when he feels the baby move.The undesirable side effects have increased. He understands now why pregnant women constantly complain about running to the bathroom. Apparently babies like to use them as a trampoline. He’s frustrated he can’t see his toes and can only wear his blue hoodie and saitama’s grey sweat pants. Genos scribbles in his notes the time Saitama told him he looked like a “blueberry”. With the increase in size has come low back pain and Genos is finding it harder to get around, his walk has turned into more of a waddle.——saitama comes home from an extra hard day baby sitting the blizzard group. They grew to become dependent on him so they didn't hesitate to call him out for every little thing. Today it was a dumb publicity stunt set up by fubuki to raise the group in popularity. Some kind of “keep the community clean” thing, so saitama spent the day in a suit picking up trash. Fubuki wasn’t the worst boss he’s EVER had. She would go out her way to keep her people happy; offering medical benefits, workers compensation, paid time off, a top of the line lounge/break-room and other things the HA generally didnt cover for anyone below S-class. Saitama even got a bonus for every time they went up in rank from his punches.To be honest it’s the best “job” he’s ever had, but Saitama didn’t want to be this kind of hero. Then again, if it meant genos didnt have to work as hard then it was worth the effort.The group believed in strength in numbers but in a monster fight would wind up behind saitama as “back up”. Saitama did all the work and they split the credit, but they weren’t a bad bunch. The only real bad habit this group had was wanting to celebrate after every “victory”. Saitama thought it was nice to have his own little fan club cheering him on after each increasingly dull fight, but socializing and being the center of attention was draining. Saitama just wanted to get home and take a nap.Saitama drags himself into the apartment. Genos asks about his day, but he just grunts and strips out of his suit then crashes into his futon. At some point during saitama’s snoozing he herd what sounded like a voice as he layed there listening he herd genos whispering, “your father is the most amazing man in the world. He is so powerful and strong. there is no evil he can’t defeat. He is a good man and he will protect you against all odds.”Saitama was frozen. He felt like he was ease dropping on a very private moment.“He is humble on his strength and modest in his achievements. He is frugal, but not without charity. He is wise beyond belief. He will teach you how to become a great hero. I just know you will love him.” Genos rubs his bump and gives a little sigh‘Was genos really saying all that about me?’ Saitama has had genos praise him before, but nothing like this. ‘Is that how he feels about me?’ all the hero worship laid out in a heap of praise was too much and the egg flushed in embarrassment.Saitama grumbles “dont tell the baby that”“master?"Saitama thinks, 'it’s impossible to live up to.’ he really wasn’t any of those things genos thought of him. He was just cheep bald guy that punched things like for fun.“sorry i woke you.” Genos says remorsefullySaitama sits up, “sokay.” He rubs his eye, “What are you doing?”“Dr Kuseno said the baby has developed to where it can make out sounds and distinguish voices. He suggested I talk to it so it can learn my voice.”Saitama is fully awake and crawling toward genos at the table, “that’s pretty neat. Will it know my voice? Can I talk to it?”Genos face lights up, somewhat literally form his glowing bio-lights, “of course master.”Saitama goes on a rant on the importance of cabbage in hot pot that had genos in stitches with laughter.



Chapter End Notes
Latest part from tumblr. Working on next part.


Nightmares II
Chapter Summary
The first part should read like a horror movieThen we get a little of the boys' family backstory
Chapter Notes
I try to make the nightmares like poetry Sorry for the shortnessGood news made it a smig longer ;)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Genos in a dark room. He looks down to human hands. He hears cries in the dark, unnatural wails of something small then the sound multiplies. He sees a bloody fetus with hollow eyes crawling toward him shrieking. Genos doesn’t flinch, he’s had this dream before.More undead hell spawn crawl toward him from the shadows wailing.He falls to his knees and embraces the first to reach him.After all they are his. They are all his. The children he has lost.The light shifts and brings into view two bloody skeletons draped in rags.His parents.Their hollow eyes stare down at him. 

Genos holds his dead child to his chest. “I will avenge you. I will avenge all of you!” 

Fire replaces the darkness, everything burns.Genos wakes slowly. Transitioning between realities to the familiar living room filled with the late morning sun. He looks over to see his master in the kitchen. He sits up and passes a hand over his belly making sure the baby was still there.“hey sleepy head.” Saitama is busy cooking something. “I thought I’d let you sleep in And make breakfast.” Normally genos was up before him, breakfast already made. “How did you sleep?”“I dreamed about my family” Saitama noticed that wasn’t a happy tone. He kept busy and waited for genos to continue, “Do you think they would be proud of me? Have I failed them?”Saitama was zero percent prepared for this and flounders at reassurances, “I dont really know. I never knew them” Saitama knew snippets but genos never talked about them. “I have forgotten so much”Saitama knows he’s bad at empathizing, but tries anyway, “Tell me what you do remember ”Genos says shaky, “I dont know…. it’s there, but it’s not. I cant even tell what’s real any more.” Saitama can hear how scared he is.“well if you can’t recall events how ‘bout emotions. when i say mother what comes to mind?"Genos quickly blerts out, "blond. German. Cold but loving.”“Ok its a start. Father?”“classic Japanese. Stoic and strict, but responsible”Saitama chuckles, “wow how’d those two love birds meet?”“They met in school…. she was an exchange student. I think.”“high school sweethearts?”“im not…. sure.”'Oh crap im loosing him'
“What was school like?” saitama quickly asks“None of my classes stick out in my mind, but i was an A+ student. I didn’t participate in clubs or sports. I was a sickly as a child.” He chuckles darkly, “I Fought with my father a lot. Once over pierced ears.”Genos seemed to cheer up and through out the day ruminated on memories. When they were preparing for lunch genos spoke again, “I had a little sister. I helped raise her. I would come home from school and did my homework with her. Our parents would be at work, and I would cook dinner for us and clean the house before mom got home.”“Sound like you were a pretty great son.”Genos looked at saitama so hopeful, but didn’t smile.That night when saitama tuned the lights off for bed he noticed genos was sitting on his futon, head hung low. Saitama paused and waited for him to be ready.For the first time genos spoke like he wasnt giving a report, “The attack was on a Saturday morning when everyone was home. I don’t remember my mother's or father's face. I dont know if i had other siblings or family members.”Saitama had no words. no sappy come back, or bad pun could fix this feeling inside genos. Instead he reached out to him and brought him into a hug wrapped under saitama’s old heart comforter.Genos sniffles and After a long silence asks, “What was your family like?”Saitama tenses up. “I dont like talking about it.” genos looked at him like a kicked puppy. Saitama breathed harshly through his teeth, "yeah about that..... my mom wasn't much of a mom." Genos noted the past tense, "my arrival wasn't exactly planned. My mom was a teenager when I was born. She should have been in high school, but dropped out because she liked to party. She partied too hard and had an oops baby. My mom liked to go out and drink at all hours of the night. When she would come back I would help nurse her hang over. I've raised myself since middle school."


"What about your father?" Genos asked."He was a divorced business man that already had kids, I wasn't really high on his priorities." Saitama felt lucky genos let the topic drop.



Chapter End Notes
If you are thinking this may cross over into mpo you get a cookie.I'm a sucker for uncle saitama and nephew mob.


baby kicks
Chapter Summary
Of course carrying the worlds strongest man’s child would have consequences.
Chapter Notes
nsfw part

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Genos records in his journal, ‘As the days have progressed the baby is too strong hitting harder and harder with each kick. Of course carrying the worlds strongest man’s child would have consequences. I must hide my pain. If master finds out he will blame himself for my weakness.’At first genos could handle the reflexive movement, but the pain has progressively gotten worse. Leaving welts on the outside of his bump. Genos could heal from the injuries, but the baby was kicking more and more often, not leaving enough time for his body to recover. Genos felt Luck the baby was not aiming for any organs.Genos tried talking to it, begging it to say in, then rub his bump and sway his hips to rock the baby. He did everything to stay on his feet to try keeping the baby asleep, But when a well aimed kicked cracked a floating rib genos went down with a grown. Which had Saitama immediately rushing over to him.“what happened? Is the baby ok?” Saitama is one step below panic as he lifts genos’s shirt. He is covered in black and blue bruises across his belly. “Did you get these in battle? Monster fight? Tatsumaki?”Genos groans out a response, “no master. The baby is fine. I am fine. Grrrr” genos pulls at his shirt and tries to rise when the baby kicks again at the previous spot. Genos nearly screams and crumpled to the ground.Saitama could see a lump moving as the baby kicked and punched under the bruises.“Hey now, calm down. Dont hurt your mommy.” Saitama is very gently massaging genos’s bump talking so soft and sweet. The rubbing seems to settle the little one and genos can finally breath.“Im not mommy.” Genos say authoritatively.“But You would make a great mom.” Saitama is baffled by his tone.Genos clarifies “I’m not a woman, so i cant be mommy.”“you want to be called daddy?” Saitama jokes.“then what would you be called, daddy?” Genos smiles.“brat.” it was a good sign genos was feeling better if he could be snarky. Saitama didn’t stop lightly rubbing his belly.“what did you call your mother?” Genos asked suddenly.'bitch’
“mostly mom.”“mostly?”Saitama takes a breath, “when i was a kid she had me call her aunt in public. Later i just called her by her name.”“thats a cruel thing to do to a child.”“that’s how she was.” saitama’s hands slowed, eyes growing distant at the memory.“i called mine ma’. I would like to be called that too, but im not-” genos was cut off by another jab to the ribs. Saitama snapped back to himself and rubbed circles over the baby.“hey uhh, baby, not so hard. Genos, your….. pa’,” 'That’s the male version of ma’ right?’ “cant take much more. So dont punch so hard. Ok baby?” Saitama sighs and looks up at genos, “Can’t we call it something? Im tired of calling it the baby.”Genos looks sad, “after it’s born. I need to be…. sure.”“just as a nickname, we can pick better one’s later, just while i talk to it.” saitama glances over to a bowl of strawberries. Lately in Genos’s crazy cravings he has been eating buckets worth of fruit. Saitama could barely keep enough in the house. “how bout we call it ichigo?” (Read as strawberry)Genos raises an eyebrow, “are you sure this has nothing to do with naming your child after your favorite manga character?”“i’m sure!” Saitama was only slightly defensive.Later that night Genos cant sleep. “Ichigo” is keeping him up and moving just right to give genos indigestion. He tosses and turns to get comfortable, but the baby must think it a game and moves in the opposite direction, sloshing his stomach.
Genos is mentally screaming “it is not play time!” Genos looks at the clock and groans, it’s past 4. Soon he will be getting up to start the day.Saitama sits up, “Genos what's wrong?”“I’m sorry to wake you master. The baby-”“ichigo” saitama corrected“ichigo, is up and won’t let me sleep.”“well we could always Rock the baby to sleep.” saitama wags his eyebrows. Genos smiles defeatedly. Why not, he’s tried everything else.Genos’s pregnant hump wiggled with every thrust smacking his dick between his belly and saitama’s. It would be embarrassing, if it didn’t feel so good. Genos would wither under him, edging closer and closer, then saitama goes back to slow and steady thrusts. Genos pussy grows wetter and he would wine for saitama to speed up, but his master was unwavering in his rhythm. Genos was going to go mad at this on and off pace, So close then denied. Genos squirmed trying to rock his hips and slam on that golden phallus, but saitama held him firmly in place. He felt heat building over and over again. His bio lights pulsed brighter with each denial making his whole body glow in the night.Saitama loved to take his time and work genos up. It was like a game, but Tonight saitama had a cheat. In the dark saitama could see genos’s bio-lights glow brighter the closer genos came to climax.Saitama learned Genos’s pussy was like an endless waterfall with how many times he could make his pussy orgasm, but saitama didn’t want to hurt genos with forced ejaculation. So slow and steady, build him up until he can’t take it anymore and then pops off in both places and that’s exactly how he was enjoying it now. Saitama had genos’s legs separated and an ankle in each hand spreading genos open. He was pumping slow and steady. Between pumps giving a jab at genos’s sweet spot Right on the inside of the tunnel directly under Genos’s cock.Genos could only handle so much before he was coming undone from both places and glowing brighter than the sun. Then saitama stops and says, “Genos,” as if he had an epiphany.Genos is in total bliss when he hears his name. He looks up and in the glow sees his master with a strange expression. His eyes are big and mouth agape like he is staring at a 90% off sale. Genos follows his line of sight and takes a breath in amazement. His belly is bright gold and he can see the dark silhouette of a baby floating in his womb, sucking its thumb. Genos raises his hands and holds the globe of light, then looks at saitama who is lost in the moment and reaches his hand out to touch the top.Genos denied letting himself see images of his child, feeling it would only makes things harder if something went wrong, but in this moment there was no denying the baby inside him was real and alive. For the first time genos had hope that “ichigo” can make it.Gradually the light fades with his endorphins and their apartment is dark again. Then his master speaks, “genos that was amazing. How’d you do that?”With eyes glowing in the dark, Genos continues to stare at his hump lightly petting the sides, “I didn’t know I could”



Chapter End Notes
sorry it's short, working on next part. also others too, getting those put on AO3. wish me luck


Living Nightmares
Chapter Summary
Genos keeps getting calls from HA and worse keeps trying to fight monsters, so Saitama goes with genos every time he gets a call.



Saitama’s bald head was all over magazine covers again being accused of “kill stealing” and taking all of demon prince’s credit in monster fighting. This gets the attention of sweet mask and he puts saitama on notice to hang back in fights or loose his rank.—-Genos gets off the phone with the HA, “People need saving, we should go.”“You shouldn’t be fighting” Saitama insists“But my rank will fall, and i will fail the mission master gave to me”“Eh?”“To break into the top 10 of S class. It was the first mission you gave me.”“Genos you dont need to do that, i only said that because you kept asking for trainning”“I know, but i at least want to try.”“fine, only the easy ones and i’m going with.” Saitama Mistakenly puts on his cape over his suit with his red gloves. Genos wanted to say something, but didn’t. He was happy his master was feeling like a hero again.Saitama didn’t want to loose his rank so he went along with the HA’s demands. Now he wishes he hadn’t. The monster is gone but that doesn’t change that genos got hit. Genos is crouching in the rubble holding his middle. There is blood dripping from his pants.‘I knew it was too soon to hope’ Genos is shaking as he reaches for his phone and types in a command.Metal bat runs up to them, “hey Blondie you ok?”Genos tried to sound normal, “the doctor’s drones will be here in 45.”“Thats too long!” Saitama picks him up. Metal bat sees the blood and genos holding his round stomach, “What happened?” He says.Saitama ignored him, “which way? i can get you there faster.” Saitama runs and he makes it to the lab in record time.Saitama is packing outside the room genos and the doc are in. Kuseno’s steps out and saitama starts an inquisitive barrage, “how is he? Is he ok? Is the baby ok?” Kuseno speaks, “Saitama” his voice is deep and his withered face is set. In the presence of Kuseno, Saitama realizes he i
s not really “old” at all and is about to engage in a conversation with genos’s parental figure, something he was not prepared to do. Saitama was sweating bullets. Kuseno takes a breath before speaking and lightly smiles, “genos will be fine, just a bit of over working. The baby is close to it’s due date and it was just premature bleeding, that’s all.” Saitama lets out a big breath from his chest. “Now i cant give an exact due date, so I have ordered him on bed rest. Im glad you were there to save him.”Saitama looks down and makes fists in his gloves, “He souldnt have been in that situation. I let this happen.” Kuseno chuckles, “Hehe, if you haven’t noticed, that boy is stubborn. He would have put himself in that situation regardless. Without you there things could have been much worse.” Saitama visible relaxes. “I know how hard you work for him and how much support you have given him.”“You do?”“Of course! Genos tells me everything.” Kuseno reaches to open the door to the room genos is in.Saitama thinks 'He couldn’t mean everything… Could he?’As the door pulls open a leaning genos almost falls over, “doctor! I was just about to-”“Genos you know you should be on bed rest, now get back to your bed.” The doctor sounded exasperated.“I was just about to tell you im ready to go home. The bleeding has stopped and the baby’s vitals are normal.” Genos seems antsy.“Just couldn’t wait could you. Alright, alright dont let me stop ya. Saitama see to it he gets home safe.” As they are heading out the door, the doctor waves goodbye and calls out “Ok you two crazy kids no more sex, or you’ll find yourselves in the same predicament again.”Genos squawks while saitama’s head turns red. Yes, everything meant everything.——
The sky is filled with Blacks and reds. In slow motion he see genos run toward the monster, before he can move Genos is grabbed, ripped in half, and thrown apart. He finds genos in the rubble barely conscience. his bell torn open, no baby in sight. Genos barely speaks, “Mas…ter”Saitama wakes up in a cold sweat. He sits up and just stares at the dark for a long moment, eyes blurry with unshed tears. It’s the middle of the night. Genos is next to him, sleeping. Saitama reaches to touch his exposed belly. As he lightly rubs he feels a lump under his palm. He moves his hand and the lump follows shortly after. He smiles at the fact The baby knows he’s there. He was about to pull back when genos stirred, bio lights glowing brighter.“I didn’t mean to wake you.” Saitama apologizes.“The baby woke me” genos rubs the sleep from his eye. They glowed like coals in the night. Saitama felt he was caught stealing cookies before dinner. Gen rubs his baby bump, “ichigo moves a lot when you are near.”“Genos can we…”- saitama moves into genos’s bed and wraps an arm abound him.“Saitama?”“I just want to sleep like this tonight.”- Genos settles in as little spoon. Saitama has wrapped his arms around Genos’s chest and belly. Genos’s color changes to a warm orange, like a glow worm, in saitama’s embrace. In a whisper saitama says, “Promise me you won’t fight any more monsters untill the baby’s born.”Genos turned his head to look at saitama yellow mixing into the glow. “saitama what happened?” genos knows something is up.“Promise me. Count on me a little more to save the day.” Saitama tucks his head in, “please.”“I promise”The next day they go to the HA to get maternity leave. Saitama Wears his yellow hero suit, “they may not recognize me if i dont wear it” genos is the size of a beach ball and is having trouble hiding it in saitama’s over sized oppai hoodie.They work through Loads of red tape. Genos is arguing with a clerk at the desk. Saitama can tell genos was about to loose his cool when he walks over.He hears the clerk, “You cant apply for maternity leave, on file has you as male."

saitama asks genos,"Can You can file for paternity leave?"

genos growls out an answer, "Yes, But that is much shorter.”"that's messed up," Saitama asks the clerk, “Can i give him mine?”The clerk answers, “You cannot give your leave away.”“Fine then I’ll use mine too” Saitama retorts.The clerk looks at both of them eyes darting, “you both can’t take paternity leave With out a spouse”Both men Groan, “We live together!” Saitama exclaimsThe clerk shuffles papers neatly and explains, “Neither of you are register as married”Saitama is shouting, “since when do you have to be married to have a kid?!”Suddenly an Emergency meeting is called for all of S class. Genos gives a sigh, “we should go it could be important.” Saitama got to meet other S class members. Some he knew some he didn’t. While going over a briefing of “the world will end” Aliens attack. Very quickly saitama says, “Genos get to safety” then he jumps though the building to meet the threat head on.



Birth
Chapter Summary
"Genos stares at the back of his eye lids, waiting. The silence stretches on forever. Genos wants to sink into that dark void, never having to face the inevitability that was to come."
Chapter Notes
So i went back and rewrote this chapter because i didn't feel it was graphic enough.And because im a sicko i decided to go into detail about some of the biology problems with mpreg.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Genos and other S-class members make it to the roof to assess the threat. Child emperor says with a lollipop in his mouth, "the others will take care of ground forces. The problem is that huge weapon in the shy. We can't reach it while its up there. Air craft would get shot down." Darkshine asks king for his thoughts to which king replies, "there's nothing i can do... we need to call metal knight"Tatsumaki shouts, "pathetic, I'll do it myself""master has already boarded the enemy ship!" genos warned her"are you deaf? I said i got this!"Darkshine warns genos not to anger her, but genos does not care, and thinks, 'there is no evil master cannot defeat' Genos moves to ground level and watches The battle carry on. Then the ship's cannons fire a barrage of missals. Tatsumaki uses her power and sends them all back to the UFO. Genos is impressed by the display.engine knight gave genos a word of warning that metal knight was his enemy, Before leaving to run errands. Then there was A massive Explosion followed by a shot to the sky, catching them all off guard. a moment later part of the ufo hits the ground. Everyone wonders when it will come down, then there was a sky splitting discharge of power and the ship explodes. Genos cant help but wonder if it was his master's doing. Genos is a safe distance away when It starts falling, but can still hear "angel dash!" Yelled over and over. He is running to the downed UFO, 'master was in the ship when it crashed!' He yells, "Master! Master saitama are you ok?" Then a sharp pain stops him in his tracks.------ Saitama bursts free from the crashed ship. He herd genos call him, but he can't find him anywhere."arent you that b-class?" Tatsumaki demands, "from before that wanted tea? how come you came out of that space ship. Hey!"He Blows off tatsumaki as she yells at him, going over to bang instead and asking, "old man have you seen genos?" Bang gives a stern shake. Panic builds as saitama's mind plays the what if game. "oi oi, we've got to find him!""we'll search the area" bang replies. They both leave tatsumaki and she floats upward in a huff, arms crossed.Saitama runs around manic, searching and screaming over and over "GENOS!" He thinks of the other times genos went missing and starts looking for dark hidden places in the rubble, then he hears a wine. He lifts a slab out of the way and finds a pair of glowing eyes. Saitama's own eyes are on the brink of tears. Genos was breathing hard and his pants were soaked through."Genos! what happen? Are you ok?"Genos starts crying. "Its too soon, the baby's coming too soon. I cant do this, im going to loose it!""You can do this." saitama crawls into the hole with genos, "Bring our baby into the world." Genos hears the words "our baby" after so many weeks of being careful that neither of them show ownership genos
gets into position. One he has done many times before. He furrowed his brows in concentration, to spread his hips wide and lean forward. The burn of his opening stretching makes him cry out in pain. Genos clenches his teeth and bears it. He holds his bump and got contol over his panicked breathing, switching from pulling air though his teeth to deep slow breaths. It makes the pain burn so much more and genos groans. He looks up. His master is still there beside him, with Eyes like dinner plates. genos could feel saitama's heart pounding like hes never felt before. He reaches out his other hand to saitama, "master there's blood" noticing saitama's ripped and soiled hero suit."just the blood they spilled on me, nothing to worry about " saitama takes his hand"did you defeat the leader?" Genos's breathing slowed as the pain subsided."yeah he was one hell of a tough guy, probably the strongest I've faced so far." Genos's breathing speeds up as his bump shifted into a tight ball and he breaks out into a sweat. He inhales and exhales though it and his bump relaxes, bringing with it a moment of ease, "without master that prophecy might have been forfilled with the earth getting destroyed.""nah, turns out prophecies are a load of bull to begin with-""AahhHmmm!" Genos tries to hold in a cry of pain as he feels the baby shift, lowering into position. contractions were coming closer together and lasting longer. The baby was ready to come out.As soon as the last one was over, another contraction began and genos pushed. It felt like he was being ripped in half. Genos's breath hitched as he moved his hand from his belly to under his crotch. through all the wetness, He could fell the baby's head. Saitama, the world's strongest man, feels helpless. Genos is trembling, holding his hand so tight and saitama does not know what to do. Genos shifted positions and pulled saitama's other hand between his legs. Saitama could feel a round obstruction though his glove and now He feels more raw fear than he did through the whole battle with boros. genos shut his eyes and screamed as he pushed the head out then forced himself to take in air. It was exhausting and his body shook in pain. but he could not stop, not now, not when he was so close.In the birth canal, the baby is placed right on his prostrate. Putting a heavy pressure on it making him pop an awkward boner. This happened with every delivery, it was one of the problems he had with his body. While in labor the pain of holding a forced erection would be worse than the contractions. Genos cries out, "master, the pressure! it hurts!""Wha?" Saitama looks down to see genos’s hard erection pulsing out fluids. Saitama's mind raced, "What am suppose to do?" Saitama makes a move to reach for it, but genos started yelling "Dont touch it, it hurts, it hurts!" Streams of black tears run down his face and he begs, "please! Ah! It hurts!"Saitama is frozen, he doesn't know what genos needs he hesitates, but genos is pleading. saitama lets go of genos's hand and takes the soild black member in his grip. Genos gives out a whimpering cry and saitama pulls back.
Genos's head falls forward on to his shoulder "please...." he says between sobs. Saitama was breathing hard and on the verge of panic, but Genos was so swollen with blood it looked like it throbbed with pain. As gently as possible saitama took it in his hand again and lightly stroked it. With every up stroke the head leaked out more clear fluid, like a runny tab. Saitama circled his thumb over the head and he felt genos tense under him.Genos grit his teeth and bearded down to push with all his might.  then threw his head back, a feral scream ripping out from his throat as shoulders push past his pelvis. The movement causing a forced orgasm. He falls back in relief, the pressure finally lifted off his prostrate and he pants heavily as endorphins run though his blood stream. Saitama quickly moves to scoop up the baby. Genos stares at the back of his eye lids, waiting. The silence stretches on forever. Genos wants to sink into that dark void, never having to face the inevitability that was to come.cries of an infant can be heard and all the stress melts like snow on a sunny day. Genos's eyes sting with tears and his throat was sore, as he swallowed the lump caught there.Genos peers up and The moment is serial. Saitama is holding a mini genos that is crying angrily and trying to wiggle out his hands. Saitama jokes, "He's strong for his age" and They both laugh softly. Saitama's gloves are covered in blood, and genos is soaked in blood. Saitama wraps the baby in what's left of his cape and puts him in Genos's arms. Genos cleans up the baby's face and silver on black eyes look up at him with a single tuff of blond hair, 'fitting for the name ichigo.' Genos thinks."You did it" silent tears run down saitama's face."We did it" genos pants out, voice still gravely from the scream.
----Puri puri, Metal bat, Darkshine, Atomic samuri, Ilian, & tatsumaki are all wondering curiously what the yelling was about, But then Mask shows up demanding an explanation for why the city is in ruins, Then proceeds to tell the heroes how they failed. Bang has to put his searching for genos on hold to defend their actions. Mask was in the middle of Explaining why he hasn't moved up to S-class when a scream that seems to echo in the wasteland, stopped them in their tracks.Tatsumaki felt a sick chill in her guts at the sound of it. The heroes were on their guard for any possible threats when a mound of rubble bursts open and Saitama carries geons out bridal style. Genos is tiered and Staring up at saitama so adoringly. He knows It is because of this man he is able to hold his child. Saitama asks in a low voice, "hey geons, are you ok with everyone knowing?"Genos looks down at the bundle crying in his arms "i am now"The group of heroes are thrown a curve that there is crying baby. Someone asks "where'd that baby come from?" Bang lets out a relieved sigh, "i believe congratulations are in order" and walks over to them. The other heros follow and surround them. Child emperor used his spider legged pack to see over everyone else. Even tatsumaki floated down to see. Soon they were bombard.
-Is it a girl or a boy?
-Ah hes so cute ♡
-He has your eyes
-Whats his name?
-Eh? Were you pregnant this whole time?
-i knew somethin' was up!
-And you still did hero work? that's messed up.
-can i hold em'?Saitama takes control of the chaos, "guys, guys, give him some air, he's been through a lot today."Metal bat is scratching his head, "two guys having a baby, how'd that happen? That dont make much sense."Puri puri turns to yell at metal bat, "Dont be insensitive! Genos can be a man and have a baby. If. he. so. chooses." Ending his speech with the emphasis of z snaps. Genos was amazed by the unexpected support from puri puri.Metal bat is defensively shouting, "Im not saying 2 guys can't have a baby, im asking how!"Child emperor uses his spider pack and leans over to metal bat and sarcastically says, "How do you think babies are normally made?"Tatsumaki seems to have light bulb moment and points to genos, "you did it with baldy!" She is visibly disgusted.Bang speaks in his fatherly voice and hushes the crowd, "That's not what's important. What is important is that genos and his child are healthy." You can see a proud smile under his mustache.Puri puri laces his fingers together and raises his hands close to his cheek in a cute way, "maybe there's hope for me and my boyfriend ♡"Mask didn't approach. He saw the walking PR disaster that was caped baldy and felt his eyes start to twitch. The cooing was cut off when Darkshine yelled, "i found survivors!" The heroes were so swept up they forgot they were still in a war zone.the tied up group of ETs converse in hushed tones. Mask waists no time in using his ESPer power, killing them in one strike. The group of heroes are appalled by the sudden action. Genos thinks, 'There is no mercy in his heart. he's like me before I met master. what tragidy did he have to face to make him like this?'Mask looks at genos, "genos, you performed well at the exam. I held high expectations for you, but you've mostly been a disappointment." Mask looks at saitama, "i see why now," and walks off."oi!" Saitama is visibly angry and starts to say something then A cylinder pod lands with a boom. Metal knight has finally shown up. Mask is yelling at him for not attending the meeting, but gets ignored as the shell unit examines the wrecked UFO.Genos thought of The warning from engine knight. he instinctively holds ichigo closer to his chest, "the fight is already over. Are you here so you can create more powerful weapons with alien technology?" He scowls at the robot.Metal knight's robot directs it's attention to genos, then bofoi's voice says, "precisely. Advance weapons are needed for peace." The shell turned and started it's work.Genos turns his head away scowl still present, "we should go master"Saitama says, "Go where? we never bought baby stuff" saitama looks away voice dropping, ".... or got a bigger apartment." Genos slowly face palms. Luckily in midst of all the turmoil ichigo has gone to sleep.



Chapter End Notes
I decided to go with cannon events and only show what genos experienced, because well, the anime does so much better for the full story.I'm ust going to end the story here and maybe in the future make a sequel.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



