



My Heart Has Grown - minvmin - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

My Heart Has Grown Bigger
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/8322838.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Established Relationship, Slice of Life, 5+1 Things, Fluff, Light Angst, Angst with a Happy Ending, Fluff and Angst, Birthday Presents, Christmas, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Protectiveness, Everyone loves Jin but Yoongi loves him the most, vmin if you squint
Collections:
Sin_Sin (Unread)
Stats:

        Published: 2016-10-19
        Words: 5089
      

My Heart Has Grown Bigger
by minvmin
Summary
The fans have noticed that Yoongi and Seokjin seem to have grown apart and are blaming it on Seokjin; Yoongi wants to show them the truth. Or, five of the many times Yoongi cared about Seokjin, only five that he let the world see.
Notes
This is my very first BTS fanfiction, please tell me if you like it!Jin's cover song is "First Love" by Busker Busker. The name of this work is also from this song, because this song just screams Yoonjin to me.

          See the end of the work for more notes




My Heart Has Grown Bigger

0.It’s one of Yoongi’s pastimes to google himself. Well, not really a pastime. More like something he does when he’s not tired enough to sleep but too tired to do anything else. He can sit for hours googling himself and his members, and the stupid stuff websites write about always makes him laugh.But this. This isn’t funny. This is “BTS: Members Starting to Turn on Jin?” Yoongi’s blood feels like it’s near its boiling point at just the suggestion, but he clicks on it anyway. If anyone is talking shit about his boyfriend, he needs to know what they’re saying.He skims the article. It reports that since May of this year, the members have been avoiding touching Seokjin. Well, that actually makes sense. May is when Seokjin and Yoongi officially started dating, and the rest of the members started being less touchy with Seokjin out of fear that Yoongi would rip their head off. Even Taehyung is a little more reserved around the eldest now, and Taehyung is the touchiest person Yoongi has ever known; he previously thought Taehyung didn’t even have the capacity to be reserved, but he thought wrong.There’s a special little section devoted just to him at the bottom of the article. Yoongi actually takes time to read this paragraph.“Of all the members, rapper and producer Suga seems the most different around Jin. They used to talk about their friendship often, and they’re roommates, but lately they’ve been far apart. When they’re told to stand next to each other, Yoongi always somehow manages to move to a different spot, away from his hyung. For team exercises, they used to pick each other for everything, but now Suga jumps straight to the other members without so much as glancing at Jin. It’s almost like they’ve avoiding each other.”This makes sense, too. Yoongi decided a few months ago that it was best to not be around Seokjin in public, if possible. Seokjin had agreed to this, even encouraged it. All it would take is one public slip up, one hand holding incident, one thoughtless kiss on the cheek, and they would be ruined. Not just them, but the entire band. As much as they love each other, they aren’t willing to risk BTS. So they stay apart in public now.“Why do you think the members of BTS have been acting so odd around Jin lately? Leave your prediction in the comments,” the article says.
 Don’t read the comments, don’t,  Yoongi tells himself, as he scrolls down to read the comments.

 Of course, they’re negative. Yoongi should have known. All about how Jin isn’t talented, how BTS deserved a better member, how they’re finally realizing that Jin isn’t worth the pretty face. Yoongi feels anger igniting is his stomach, and he’s just about to stop when he sees one mentioning him. 

   “Maybe Yoongi realizes that his roommate is an undeserving attention-seeking baby. We all know that Jin is only in BTS because he’s got a pretty face, not because he can actually sing. Maybe Yoongi is just realizing that now, and he’s decided to get rid of Jin in favor of someone that actually deserves to be his friend. And now he is trying to distance himself from the most untalented member of BTS.”   

   Yoongi feels like he’s burning up from the inside. His vision is red, he feels like he’s swimming. How can someone just say that? It’s the farthest thing from the truth that Yoongi has ever heard. Seokjin is good at everything, except maybe rapping. Undeserving? Seokjin works the hardest out of all of them; he trained the longest, he stays late until he perfects the dances, he takes care of all of them. He deserves everything he ever gets, which isn’t even that much compared to the rest of them; Yoongi knows it isn’t fair.    

   Of course, Yoongi isn’t given much time to brood before Seokjin is entering their room and collapsing onto his bed. “You’re upset. Why?” he asks, his gaze turning to Yoongi.   

   “Uh, oh… I was reading the reviews for Jay Park’s new album and I saw a really bad one,” Yoongi lies.   

   Seokjin raises one perfect eyebrow. “And that’s enough to make you look like you’re about to cry?”   

   “I… really like the album, and I’m sad that other people don’t,” Yoongi says, before sighing and closing out of the tab on his phone. “Wanna watch a movie?”   

   “Yeah,” Seokjin says, smiling and hopping off the bed. “Help me push the beds together.”   

   They settle on Anastasia, and it takes Yoongi forever to find a version with Korean subs on the internet, but he can’t complain about how long it takes because Seokjin is right next to him, kissing the shell of his ear. It’s soft and sweet, and it makes Yoongi’s heart hurt; it’s just one of a sea of good gestures showing that Seokjin is too nice of a person to receive so many hateful comments.   

     He has to show them, he realizes. He has to show them that they all love Seokjin. He has to show them that he’s not growing apart from Jin, that they’re only growing closer.

 1.
     Comeback preparations make Yoongi almost wish he was buried six feet under back in Daegu. Sure, comebacks themselves are fun, but preparations make him become a little too used to being bone-tired. When practice finally ends, all he wants to do is go home, take a hot shower, and cuddle up next to his boyfriend.     

     But of course, Seokjin is making dinner, and he’s out of cooking wine yet again, and “Yoongi-ah, could you run to the store and get some more for me? Thanks, you’re a blessing.”     

       Yoongi is tired of going to the corner store near their dorm like he’s used to doing; last time he was there, someone recognized him. So he walks in the opposite direction, because he remembers there being a small market about two blocks over.        

       It’s a nice little market, almost cozy. Yoongi knows Seokjin would love it; he makes a little reminder from himself in his brain to bring him here in the future.       

       He’s picked out the brand of cooking wine that Seokjin prefers, and also some milk because he noticed before he left that the carton was almost empty. He makes his way to the checkout.       

       There’s an old lady in front of him, so he sets his basket down on the counter and looks through the cds and toys that they have on display. One catches his eye: a little statue of Mario holding Princess Peach in his arms. Yoongi smiles before picking it up and adding it to his basket.       

       The man at the counter just raises an eyebrow when he scans the statue, but Yoongi doesn’t acknowledge him. So what if he wants to get a toy? It’s for his boyfriend anyway.       

       Once they’re all done with dinner, they retreat to their rooms to shower and go to sleep. “Yoongi, you shower first while I clean the dishes,” Seokjin tells him, still busy at the sink.       

       “I’ll do the dishes,” Yoongi says, dying on the inside even as he says the words. The entire world knows that dishes are his least favorite chore. He would rather clean Namjoon’s hair dye gunk from the shower drain.       

       “You,” Seokjin says, his brows furrowing. “You are going to do the dishes?”       

       “That’s right,” Yoongi says, pulling the towel out of his boyfriend’s hands. “Go take a shower.”       

       Seokjin’s eyes narrow. “What did you do?”       

       “What?”       

       “You hate washing the dishes,” Seokjin states. “Dirty dishes are, like, your worst enemy. Why are you volunteering to do them? Did you break something?”       

       “I can do nice things for you,” Yoongi replies defensively.       

       Seokjin’s eyes soften. “Oh. Well, I never said you couldn’t. Thank you.”       

       “Oh, and I got something for you at the market,” Yoongi says, pulling out the Mario figurine and placing it in Seokjin’s hands. “It’s a nice market, you’d like it. Remind me to show you there sometime.”       

       Seokjin smiles, looking down at the toy. “It’s so cute!”       

       Yoongi smiles. “Just like you.”       

       “Just like you, too.”       

       “You’re the cuter–”       

       “Stop being gay in the kitchen!” Taehyung calls, and Yoongi can hear Jimin laugh.       

       “Stop being gay in your bedroom!” Yoongi shouts back, rolling his eyes. “The walls in there aren’t soundproof, you two!”       

       “Touché!” Jimin yells back. Yoongi hears Hoseok collapse into a fit of giggles.       

       “Seriously, go take a shower,” Yoongi says. “This will only take a few minutes.”       

       Seokjin nods. “Thank you, Yoongi. I love you.”       

       “Love you too, Princess Peach.”       

       ~~~~~       

       He’s getting out of the shower when he gets a twitter alert. They had all got their own twitters (anonymous, of course) and then only followed their official twitter; then they had turned on notifications so they would know when one of them was tweeting. It was Seokjin’s idea.       

       He slides open the notification to see Seokjin's tweet. It’s a picture of him posing with the Mario toy, a huge grin on his face. “Look what Yoongi got me!” the comment reads. “He saw it and thought of me! Such a nice surprise. Thank you for buying this for me, Yoongi-ah!”       

       Yoongi smirks. Avoiding Seokjin, his ass. Maybe they’ll see that it’s the exact opposite.       


       2.       

       Even in the middle of preparing for comebacks, Seokjin still insists on recording a cover to release on his birthday. Naturally, he asks Yoongi to produce it. Yoongi agrees, and also accompanies him to the studio when he goes to record it.       

       “What song is it again?” Yoongi asks.       

       “‘First Love’ by Busker Busker,” Seokjin replies, carefully untying his shoes and placing them by the doorway of the recording booth.       

       “Is that the ‘My feelings keep leaking’ one?”       

       Seokjin smiles and nods. “Yep! It’s all about first love, obviously. I hope all the fans take it to heart.”       

       “I know I will,” Yoongi says, and Seokjin laughs, blowing Yoongi a kiss before locking himself in the booth.       

       Watching Seokjin record is always an experience for Yoongi. He means every word he sings, and it shows on his face. His expressions are beautiful, and that’s not even mentioning his voice. By the time he’s done, Yoongi is almost speechless.        

       Seokjin coughs as soon as the track is over, then smiles. “Was it good, Yoongi-ah? Uh… Yoongi?”       

       Yoongi shakes himself out of his daze. “Sorry. I just got a little… damn, hyung.”       

       Seokjin cringes. “Was it that bad?”       

       Yoongi shakes his head. “No, it was good. I forgot my own name for a moment.”       

       “Be serious. Was it good, or should I record it again?”       

       “It was great. Like, top five covers of all time great.”       

       His boyfriend makes a face. “Flattery gets you nowhere.”       

       “But sincere compliments never hurt.” Seokjin smiles at that, and Yoongi smiles back.       

       ~~~~~       

       They have a schedule on the day before Seokjin’s birthday, so by the time they get home they’re all tired. No one, including Seokjin, wants to stay up to celebrate his birthday. He says that they’ll celebrate in the morning, since they’re off for the day.       

       However, Seokjin is adamant about posting his cover as soon as it turns his birthday, so Yoongi agrees to stay up with him.       

       They’re lying in Yoongi’s bed, Yoongi propped up against the headboard and Seokjin between his legs, his laptop balanced on his knee. He’s counting down the minutes and seconds until midnight, and Yoongi is busy typing out his sappy birthday message for the fancafe, one hand on the keyboard and the other running through Seokjin’s hair.       

       Seokjin hums under his breath when the clock finally strikes midnight, before pressing the “publish” button on SoundCloud. Yoongi hits “post” on the fancafe just a few seconds after.       

       “I’m gonna look through the fancafe posts,” Seokjin says, closing his laptop and putting it on the dresser before picking up his phone.       

       “Hmmm, okay,” Yoongi says. He can barely keep his eyes from fluttering closed; he has no idea how Seokjin can have as much energy as he does. “Let me listen to your cover, and then I’m going to sleep.”       

       “Sounds good.” Seokjin shifts until he’s next to Yoongi, pulling the blankets up over them. It’s tight fit, both of them on a full bed, but it’s cozy.       

       Yoongi logs into SoundCloud and scrolls down until he can click on the cover. “To all our lovely A.R.M.Y.s,”  Seokjin has written in the description.  “Here is a gift for you on my birthday. Thank you for giving me the gift of a life worth living. Special thanks to my members for always supporting me, and especially to Suga for producing this cover for me!”       

           Yoongi falls asleep to the sound of Seokjin singing. "When you’re not here, it’s painful. I want to tell you how I feel. When I close my eyes, I picture you again. Now each time I breathe, you become so big. Now all my love will be spent always laughing with you; longing for this night, wanting more out of a day as I wait for you."           


           3.           

           The day after Jin’s birthday, they have a schedule. They finish recording the MBC stage pretty early, at 6 p.m., but everyone is still tired from dancing all day. Jimin is moaning something about how much he wants Seokjin’s fried rice by the time the car pulls up at the dorm, and once they’re inside Yoongi quickly presses a takeout menu into the younger’s hands.           

           Jimin’s eyebrows furrow. “What is this for, hyung?”           

           “Order food for you and the rest of the members,” Yoongi tells him. “I’m taking Seokjin out.”           

           Jimin grins, waggling his eyebrows. “Oh, hyung, get it!”           

           Yoongi rolls his eyes. “Fuck off.”           

           “Ah, take him somewhere nice,” Jimin says, ignoring Yoongi’s crude response in favor of pulling his phone out of his pocket to dial for takeout. “He deserves it.”           

           ~~~~~           

           Seokjin does deserve somewhere nice, but when he insists on eating at his favorite foreign place, a little Mexican restaurant that’s only a few blocks away from the dorm, Yoongi can’t object. It’s not fast food, but it’s nowhere near fine dining; if Seokjin likes it, however, it’s good enough for Yoongi.           

           It’s a nice little restaurant, quiet and tucked away from the busy streets of Seoul. Somehow it manages to be a hole-in-the-wall food joint in the middle of a huge city. When they enter and go into the back section to find a secluded table, they find that they’re alone in the room.           

           Yoongi and Mexican food don’t have a very good relationship, as he found out the hard way, so he sits on one side of the table and munches on tortilla chips while Seokjin eats. It’s a mundane thing to do, just chewing, so he can’t but stare at his boyfriend to pass the time.           

           Eventually Seokjin notices, because he stops chewing and fixes on Yoongi with a strange look. “What are you looking at? Do I have guacamole on my face?”           

           Yoongi smiles and shakes his head. “Nope. Just thinking about how wonderful you are.”           

           Seokjin blushes and swallows his bite. “Oh, stop it.”           

           “Never. I’ll stop staring when you stop being amazing, and that will never happen.”           

           “I’ll never understand how anybody thinks you’re tough,” Seokjin laughs, shaking his head. “You’re literally the sappiest person I know.”           

           “Always a sap for you, babe.”           

           “God, shut up.” Seokjin’s face is as red as a fire engine, he’s blushing so hard.           

           “Fine, I’ll never say anything nice to you ever again. Just eat your burrito.”           

           ~~~~~           

           Yoongi is handing over his debit card to the waiter when he gets a twitter notification. He waits until the waiter leaves, then clicks it to reveal a picture of Seokjin’s food. Yoongi’s visible in the background of the picture, staring out the window.           

             “Thanks to my best friend Suga-ssi for taking me out for a birthday dinner,” Seokjin wrote in the caption.  “Because true friendship is buying me food. I love you, my awesome roommate.”             

               Yoongi can’t help but smile.               


               4.               

               “Do I hear bells?” Hoseok asks as he collapses into the chair next to Yoongi.               

               “Do I hear a whiny little brat?” Yoongi counters, angrily clicking backspace. For some reason the background bells just won’t line up with the rest of the track. Everytime he tries to fix it, he just makes it worse.               

               “Damn, hyung, so mean,” Hoseok says, pouting and crossing his arms. Jeongguk laughs from behind Yoongi.                

               “I thought I had the ‘do not disturb’ sign on the door.”               

               “Taehyung defaced that sign, like, more than a year ago,” Jeongguk says.               

               “Well, one of you should go and tell him that he needs to print a new one for me.”               

               “It’s funny that you think he's smart enough to work a printer,” Jeongguk snickers. Hoseok frowns and flicks the maknae; obviously he doesn’t like the insult to Taehyung’s actually high intelligence. Jeongguk clears his throat. “Anyway, whatcha doing, all locked up in here?”               

               “Trying to get away from you guys,” Yoongi says, dragging the bell track over the original again. “Too loud.”               

               “You love us,” Hoseok says, slumping further down his his chair. “What are you really doing?”               

               “Making a Christmas song,” Yoongi replies. “I feel bad that I didn’t release anything on my birthday, so I’ve been working on this. I just need a vocalist to feature.”                

               “Aw, hyung,” Jeongguk whines. “I want to be in your new track.”                

               “I’m giving the part to Seokjin,” Yoongi says absently, clicking away to open his notes. “Not everything is about you, you know.”               

               Hoseok’s jaw drops so far it nearly hits the floor; that’s how shocked he is. Jeongguk looks taken back. “I– okay, hyung. I’m sorry.”               

               “Was that too harsh?” Yoongi asks, looking up. “I’m sorry, Jeonggukie, I–”               

               “It’s fine,” Jeongguk interrupts, looking down at the ground. “You're right, hyung. Jin-hyung deserves this more than me.”               

               “Maybe another time, Jeonggukie?” Yoongi suggests. “Perhaps an Easter song?”               

               The maknae snorts. “Yeah, sure.”               

               “A bunny singing about bunnies!” Hoseok claps delightedly. “Perfect.”               

               Jeongguk rolls his eyes. “You know, if you’re going to give any song to Jin-hyung, it should be for Valentine’s Day.”               

               Yoongi looks down. “Very funny.” He can feel his face turning red; there’s no need to tell them that he's already thought of that, maybe even scribbled down a few lyrics, not that they’ll ever make it into an actual song. They could never release a song like that on that day, at least not without causing a cultural uproar.               

               “Stop the presses, Jeonggukie, you made Min Yoongi blush!” Hoseok says, grinning devilishly. “Maybe Jin-hyung is warming him with the Christmas spirit and melting his heart of ice after all!”               

               “You two have three seconds to get out of my studio or I will shove Christmas trees up both your asses,” Yoongi threatens, pointing to the little fake tree that Seokjin had set up on his desk a few weeks ago. They’re both gone immediately, leaving Yoongi to try to fix this track. Damn bells.               

               ~~~~~               

               Since they just finished their comeback promotions, they’re given a week off for Christmas; the break starts on the 22nd and then ends on the 29th, so they can all be together to celebrate Taehyung’s birthday and the new year.               

               This year Seokjin’s parents decided that they were going to go on one of those Christmas cruises, and Yoongi’s older brother decided to spend Christmas in the tropics with his friends, so it’s a convenient coincidence that Yoongi has an empty place at his table.               

               They drive back to Daegu by car, with Taehyung in the backseat, because Seokjin hates bullet trains and Yoongi hates being around people on bullet trains. It’s kind of nice, actually; they get to drive through nature, something that one can’t experience on a bullet train. It’s peaceful, being surrounded by tall trees; it reminds Yoongi of crowded Seoul, except instead of buildings there are trees.               

               Yoongi’s attempts to fall asleep surrounded by the peaceful atmosphere, however, are in vain; however peaceful it is outside the car, it does nothing to stop the chaos inside. The entire time, Seokjin and Taehyung are singing that stupid roadtrip song from Spongebob. At one point Taehyung facetimes Jimin, and Jimin sings it in the middle of his bullet train trip back to Busan. Jeongguk is trying to sing a trot version of it in the background. Yoongi can barely believe he’s surrounded by five year olds.               

               After this eventful trip home, they lounge around for the two days until Christmas, watching movies and catching up on the shows they’ve missed since the beginning of the comeback promotions.               

               On Christmas Eve, Yoongi introduces Seokjin to his time honored Christmas tradition: sleeping in the living room. He’s been doing it since he was a little kid, and sharing it with Seokjin this year makes it feel even more special.               

               They’re sitting on the sofa’s pull out bed, wrapped up together in a thick blanket. Seokjin holds Yoongi’s mug of hot chocolate as Yoongi finishes typing out his caption for the cover.               

                 “An early Christmas gifts for our fans. You are our real gift this Christmas and every Christmas. Thank you for your support, we will continue trying to live up to your expectations in the future. Love, Min Suga. P.S. Special thanks goes to my best friend Seokjin-hyung for agreeing to feature on this track as a vocalist.”                 

                 Usually he would wait to publish it until midnight, but at midnight it’s Christmas, and that moment is way too important to spend it publishing a stupid cover. So he’s publishing it ten minutes early and when he’s done, he shuts the laptop and puts it on the end table, before taking his mug from Seokjin.                 

                 He sighs contentedly and snuggles up to Seokjin; Seokjin wraps an arm around his slim shoulders. They stay like this, silent, until the clock on the mantle chimes midnight.                 

                 “Merry Christmas, Seokjin,” Yoongi says, tearing his eyes away from the lights on the Christmas tree to look into Seokjin’s eyes.                 

                 “Merry Christmas, Yoongi,” Seokjin replies, leaning forward and kissing Yoongi’s lips chastely. “I love you.”                 

                 ~~~~~                 

                 Yoongi’s family loves Seokjin. His grandma absolutely adores the elder. She has taken to patting Seokjin’s head fondly whenever they cross paths around the house, even though he has to bend down so that she can reach him. “He’s so tall and handsome,” she tells Yoongi. “He can reach anything off the shelves for you. A perfect man!” Yoongi tries to tell her that he himself is usually tall enough to reach the stuff he needs, but she won’t hear it.                 

                 Seokjin, being an excellent cook, insists on preparing Christmas dinner. He ends up compromising and helping Yoongi’s mother, and in turn his mother swears that Seokjin’s kimchi fried rice is the best rice she’s ever tasted.                 

                 Yoongi thinks that his parents know about him dating Seokjin, given the way they act around each other, but he isn’t sure until his mother pulls him aside when they’re about to leave and says, “Marry him, Yoongi-ah. He cooks so well! I can get used to not having to cook on the holidays.”                 

                 Yoongi doesn’t think that the idea of Seokjin going home with him every Christmas after this is a bad concept.                 


                 5.                 

                 Nearly six months later, during their newest comeback promotions, Yoongi’s worst nightmare becomes a reality.                 

                 “Okay, guys, we’re doing the paper passing game,” Namjoon says, before glancing over at Yoongi. “And we’re going to do it right this time. No cheating.” Yoongi rolls his eyes.                 

                 “What order are we in, hyung?” Jeongguk asks. “Our usual?”                 

                 “Yeah, I guess.”                 

                 “No,” Yoongi says immediately. If they go in their usual order, then Seokjin will be in between Yoongi and Jeongguk, and Yoongi is not going to let the maknae almost make out with his boyfriend.                  

                 “Oh, right,” Namjoon says, giving him a strained smile. “Jin-hyung on the very end. Yoongi-hyung, you go second to last.”                 

                 The order ends up being Namjoon, Jeongguk, Hoseok, Jimin, Taehyung, Yoongi, and then Seokjin. Yoongi doesn’t care about the rest of them; he just needs to make sure that he’s the only one that ‘kisses’ Seokjin. Seokjin, who is also quite overprotective, suggests that Taehyung be next to Yoongi, figuring that Taehyung is so infatuated with Jimin that he won’t even think to actually try to kiss Yoongi. He’s right, but that doesn’t stop him from glaring at Taehyung until the younger gives him a nervous smile and a thumbs-up, letting the eldest know that he got the message.                 

                 They have two minutes to pass as many papers as possible from person to person, until the end of the line. The game starts well enough. Everything is going fine, until it’s the last ten seconds, and they’re in a frenzy because they’re almost to twenty pieces of paper, and the paper between Yoongi and Seokjin slips and falls to the ground, and their lips going crashing together.                 

                 It lasts barely more a second, but Yoongi freezes. He doesn’t pull away. Even though Seokjin pulls away after what feels like an eternity and pushes him backwards, Yoongi is sure that the cameras caught him not pulling away. From kissing Seokjin. On the lips.                 

                 fuck. Fuck. FUCK.                 

                 ~~~~~                 

                 As soon as the cameras stop rolling and they’re off set, Seokjin drags Yoongi down the hall and into the men’s bathroom.                 

                 “What the hell was that?” Seokjin hisses, pushing Yoongi up against the wall.                 

                 “What was what?” Yoongi asks, the picture of feigned innocence.                 

                 “You know what, Min Yoongi,” Seokjin says, glaring at him. “We just ‘accidentally’ kissed on live television! In front of, like, a million people!”                 

                 “A million might be a slight exaggeration,” Yoongi says, shrugging.                 

                 “I’m serious!” Jin says angrily. “Did you forget our agreement?”                 

                 “No,” Yoongi says, crossing his arms.                 

                 “Then explain why you broke rule number one, ‘No Kissing and Hugging,’” Jin says. Yes, they have a defined set of rules of what they can and can’t do in public; it’s for the safety of the team.                 

                 “They noticed,” Yoongi blurts.                 

                 Jin’s eyebrows furrow. “What? Who?”                 

                 “The fans noticed,” Yoongi says. “They noticed that we were avoiding each other. I read an online article about it, and it asked readers to predict why we were acting so weird around each other in the comments, and… god, some of it was awful. It was so awful. I just wanted to prove them wrong. Show them that we we’re back to the way things were before. On screen, at least.”                 

                 Jin’s angry expression smooths out, replaced by an inquisitive one. “What did they say?”                 

                 “Awful shit, Jin. I can’t repeat it.”                 

                 “Tell me,” he insists.                 

                 “The usual,” Yoongi says with a sigh. He hates that it’s usual. “That you aren’t good enough, you can’t dance, whatever, and that we’re finally realizing it and that’s why we’ve been avoiding you. None of it is true, of course, and you say it doesn’t affect you anymore but I know it does. I can you hear you crying in the bathroom sometimes, and it hurts me.”                 

                 “I– Yoongi…” Seokjin trails off.                 

                 “The worst one was about how I was avoiding you in particular because I had realized that I deserved better than you for a best friend, someone more talented than you, shit like that. Which is insane, because I know I’ll never find anyone better than you, and I’ll never go looking for this non-existent someone who is better than you, and I definitely don’t deserve you in the the first place. God, I just wanted to show them that they were wrong. And I probably just fucked everything up for all of us.”                 

                 “No, no, we’re fine,” Seokjin assures him. “I think we played it off as an accident pretty well. I mean, the cameras definitely caught it, but they moved away pretty quickly anyway because Namjoon dropped the entire stack of papers on the ground and they went flying everywhere. I was just… angry. Worried. I don’t know. I’m sorry.”                 

                 “Namjoon is gonna kill me,” Yoongi mutters.                 

                 “Worst comes to worst, he’ll make you pay for dinner,” Seokjin says, as if that’s supposed to make Yoongi feel better.                 

                 “Don’t I usually pay for dinner, though?” Traditionally the oldest pays for dinner, but Yoongi a good hyung, and also he is weak to buying Seokjin anything. The other members know this and use it to exploit him.                 

                 Seokjin rolls his eyes, but nods. “Hey, Yoongi-ah. Thanks.”                 

                 Yoongi raises an eyebrow. “For what?”                 

                 “For defending and protecting me.” Seokjin clears his throat. “I know I’m only the face of the group. I’m not–”                 

                 “You’re everything,” Yoongi interrupts. “Seriously, hyung. You’re super talented. I wouldn’t ask for your help on my solo tracks if you weren’t. And for every person out there that says mean things about you, there are ten more that love you and want you to be happy.” He coughs. “Me included.”                 

                 Seokjin smiles softly, before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Yoongi’s forehead. “Thank you, Yoongi. Now, let’s get out of here before Jimin and Taehyung insinuate that we’re getting dirty together in the bathroom.”                 

                 Yoongi hums. “You know, I wouldn’t be opposed to–”                 

                 “Oh my god, you pervert. Get out.”                 


                 +1                 

                 Yoongi’s strolling the internet again.                 

                 He’s already gone through the newest articles about Jeongguk, looking for material to tease the youngest. His favorite thing to bother Jeongguk about is who he’s rumored to be dating this week, knowing that Jeongguk is mortified by the thought of dating anyone.                 

                 He’s also gone through Taehyung’s, reading that the younger has made yet another celebrity friend: this time it’s the Thai one from that SM’s newest rookie group, NCT. He makes a note to congratulate Taehyung; although they all have friends from different groups, Taehyung is singlehandedly an international ambassador.                 

                 He’s going through Seokjin’s results now; he sees mostly the usual “Ten Photos that Prove Jin of BTS is the Prettiest Man on Earth.” He opens the article in a new tab so that he can stare at the pictures later, but keeps scrolling.                 

                 Finally, he finds something that interests him: “BTS: Top Ten Jin/Yoongi Moments That Make Us Believe in the Power of Best Friends.”                 

                 Best Friends? Yoongi is happy with that. They may be dating now, but Seokjin is still his best friend. And Yoongi’s glad that he can show it.                 




Afterword


End Notes
find me on twt as @minvmin95 i'm bored so come talk to me!


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



