



no season lasts forever - winter_flowers - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

no season lasts forever
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13743687.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Seokjin | Jin/Min Yoongi | Suga, Minor Kim Taehyung | V/Park Jimin - Relationship
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | RM, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Min Yoongi | Suga's Parents
Additional Tags:
Past Relationship(s), Angst, Angst with a Happy Ending, Mutual Pining, Pianist Min Yoongi | Suga, Chef Kim Seokjin | Jin, Rappers Namseok, Fluff and Angst, it's a happy ending I swear, I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping, Literally I got this idea at 11:30pm, Siblings yoonkook, siblings taejin, Best friends hyung line, Cousins Jikook/Yoonmin, I'm sorry I wanted to fit them all in somehow
Stats:

        Published: 2018-02-22
          Completed: 2018-04-15
          Chapters: 6/6
        Words: 20822
      

no season lasts forever
by winter_flowers
Summary
Seokjin visits Daegu after many years for the funeral of his ex's grandfather (because a breakup doesn't sever family ties from fifteen years back) and finds that perhaps the feelings for Yoongi he thought he'd locked away aren't so buried after all.(In which the first snowfall and cherry blossoms mark memories that neither of them can ever forget.)




Chapter 1
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The first snowfall of the season comes earlier than Seokjin expects. Even a year ago, he may have reacted to the sight of a thin white layer covering the streets, sparkling snowflakes drifting to the ground. It’s always brought back memories for him—memories that he still suppresses constantly to avoid the pain.But this year, it takes little effort for him to school his expression into one of neutrality.Too much time has passed. He’s forced himself to let go already.(He hasn’t succeeded.)Seokjin pulls his jacket a little tighter around himself and quickens his pace, determined to reach the train station in time to catch the 18:45 to Daegu. His first time back in—what, five years? Seokjin isn’t sure, though he knows it’s been a long time.He’s looking forward to seeing a few familiar faces. The Min family, whom he hasn’t contacted since high school graduation. That had to have been at least five years ago. And Taehyung, his own younger brother.However, he can’t find it in himself to be excited, or to feel the rush of anticipation. Not when the reason for his return is nowhere near worth celebrating.As Seokjin boards the train, Jungkook’s raspy, worn out voice speaking through the phone replays in his head.
 Hyung, it’s been a while. I—are you doing well? 
When Seokjin replied that he is, Jungkook continued.  He died. Grandfather, yesterday, at the hospital. We were expecting this but . . . It’s—I—his funeral is in three days. Come back, hyung. Please? Seokjin forced back a sob as he reassured Jungkook that he would be there—of course he would. Growing up, the Mins’ grandfather had treated Seokjin as one of his own. There was no way he would miss this (even if it means having to see Yoongi again).The thought draws a chuckle from his lips as he glances out the window, watching the white specks fly past. He and Yoongi have an almost cliche story. One that he can’t bear to forget, so he carries it with him still; sometimes it’s as a wall to fall back against, other times as a torch lighting his way.And even others, though rarely, it's as a thread connecting him back to his true self. ---then  When Seokjin first meets Min Yoongi, he’s eight and he’s just moved to Daegu with his family from their hometown of Gwacheon, a week before summer vacation ends. Their new house is only a few down the street from the Mins, whose little seven-year-old boy is not-so-subtly peeking at the Kim family from behind a tree.
 Hi, I’m Kim Seokjin! Are you a marshmallow? 
Those are the first words Seokjin says to Yoongi when he runs up to him at his hiding spot. The younger just stares at him with wide eyes, lips slightly parted. Min Yoongi, he mutters meekly. Then, in an instant, he’s gone, sprinting back to his own home as if Seokjin were some predator and not just an eight-year-old child.And so began Seokjin’s self-declared mission to become friends with the boy who ran away from him at first sight.(It takes him longer than he’d like to admit.)His fateful chance arrives when he trips over a protruding tree root one afternoon while playing in the park with his classmates. When he gets over the initial shock of falling, Seokjin sees that both his knees are now covered in dirty scrapes, with blood seeping through the cut skin. He feels tears begin to gather in his eyes as the pain settles in, though he tries to wipe them away with the backs of his hands. Here, he hears a small voice say, and lifts his head in puzzlement.Standing in front of him is Min Yoongi, with a single band-aid in his hand extended towards Seokjin. My mom gave it to me.  For em-er-gen-cies, Yoongi sounds out as he points to Seokjin’s legs.  Like that. Seokjin sniffles and takes the offering, blowing as much of the dirt away from the wound as possible before applying it. He tries to stand up, but bending and unbending his knees causes sharp stings of pain to shoot through his legs. Involuntarily, he whimpers, hands prepared to break his fall as his knees give away.Only, his hands never do touch the ground.Instead of landing on his backside as he anticipated, Seokjin finds himself resting his weight on Yoongi, who puts Seokjin’s arm around his bony shoulders and starts to lead him in the direction of their houses.Their walk is quiet, but in that very moment, Seokjin thinks that he’s never been intrigued by anyone more than Min Yoongi.After forcefully befriending the boy, though the latter doesn't quite protest, Seokjin quickly learns that exaggerating a bit and putting his love of drama to use when he injures himself accidentally is a great way to garner Yoongi’s care. It leads him to discover that beneath the quiet boy with a slightly unnerving stare is an incredibly soft heart (which Seokjin has unknowingly wormed his way into).And when he confesses years later, after they both enter high school, that he was making big deals out of such little things the whole time, Yoongi flashes him a rare smile.
 Come on, hyung, you don’t think I realized you were acting after the first few times? I just decided to be a good person, so I humoured you anyways. 
Seokjin doesn’t admit it, but his heart really did skip a beat at his words. ---
now
 “Seokjin-hyung, over here!”Seokjin whips his head around, eyes scanning the platform until he matches Taehyung’s voice to a familiar figure waving his hand and running towards him. Following closely behind is Jungkook with a grin on his face as he approaches.He smiles and welcomes his brother into a hug. “Long time no see, Taehyung-ah.”“I missed you, hyung,” Taehyung mumbles into his shoulder before pulling away.Jungkook wraps his arms around Seokjin briefly as well, pouting as they break apart. “Hyung, you never called us after—after you and hyung broke up and you got a new phone. We had to ask your parents for your number.”Seokjin’s smile turns apologetic. “I know, Kook, sorry about that. My parents gave me an earful when I went home for Chuseok that year.” He chuckles at the memory.Taehyung’s grin slides off his face. “Hyung, you never told them, did you? About you and Yoongi-hyung.”The elder shakes his head. “We never got a chance to, though I think his mom might’ve realized somewhere along the way. And we were always so close that nothing really changed even when we started dating.”The conversation devolves from there and they walk out of the station with Taehyung carrying it on by telling stories of his adventures at university, where he’s in his second year studying acting. Seokjin lets his dongsaengs lead the way to the Min residence, which he recalls is rather close to the station, but would not have been able to find his own way there.(That’s a lie. Seokjin knows the way by heart, he just can’t bear to admit it to himself.)“How are you two holding up?” he finally inquires a few minutes into their journey.Taehyung’s voice falters and in the corner of his eye, Seokjin sees Jungkook grimace.“Honestly?” the youngest replies. “Not well. It’s not that we weren’t expecting it, considering his age and all, but you know how Grandpa was. He—” Jungkook chokes on a sob and stops, but Seokjin understands.The grandfather of the Min family was a person who tried to make sure everyone around him was always smiling. Whether it was with terrible jokes, or tickle wars, he brought joy to anyone who knew him. Even now, Seokjin can imagine the day he passed away, with his children and grandchildren gathered around his hospital bed. He probably made use of his last moments to reassure Jungkook, still the baby of the family, that he would be waiting for them somewhere better.“I think Yoongi-hyung will be devastated,” Taehyung comments after a stretch of quietness. “He was really close to his grandpa, and he wasn’t here with him when he died.”His words surprise Seokjin, who presses his lips together in a thin line but doesn’t say anything in response.“Hyung, have you—have you spoken to Yoongi-hyung at all since—”“No,” Seokjin interrupts before Jungkook can finish. “I never needed to.”Jungkook looks as if he’s about to respond, but they turn a corner and the Mins’ house is only a few metres away.“My parents went to pick Yoongi-hyung up from the airport,” Jungkook explains as they step into the house. “They should be back soon though.”“Kookie, is that you?” a voice inquires from upstairs.“Yeah, Taehyung-hyung and Seokjin-hyung are with me too,” the youngest calls back.Seconds later, a boy seeming no older than Taehyung stumbles down the stairs with a smile, his cheeks puffing up like a squirrel’s. “Seokjin-hyung? Do you remember me? I’m Jimin.”Ah, yes. Jimin, the cousin who came around often enough when they were younger that Seokjin was sure he would never forget his likeness to a marshmallow—even more alike than Yoongi was when they first met.“Of course, Jimin.” Seokjin offers him a short hug. “How have you been?”They gather in the living room and make awkward small talk to ease the tension, and Seokjin learns about all that he’s missed from five years’ lack of contact. He learns that Jungkook is now studying dance alongside Jimin at the same university as Taehyung. He learns that Jimin and Taehyung recently revealed their relationship status as boyfriends. He also learns that Yoongi is in his last year for his Masters in Music at Juilliard, after receiving the offer a few months before receiving his undergraduate degree.It would be a lie for him to say that he didn’t feel at least a bit guilty about it, but what’s done is done.Seokjin would like to say he senses Yoongi’s presence before the man actually steps through the door. It would certainly explain his rising anxiety in the few moments before he hears the lock click open and voices from outside drift into the house.Jungkook rises from the sofa. “Ah, that must be Yoongi-hyung.”Seokjin stands as well, entranced as he walks forward until he reaches the hallway. He freezes, his eyes meeting Yoongi’s for the first time in years, taking in his sharpened features, his hunched shoulders, his mint green hair.And Seokjin wishes they could go back. ---
then
 In his second year of high school, Seokjin begins to crave the romantic attention he sees in his classmates’ relationships, and he voices these thoughts to Yoongi on multiple accounts. Now, Seokjin never really meant anything by whining to Yoongi about his lack of a boyfriend (because at that point, he’d already figured out that girls weren’t for him), but the conversation progresses down an unexpected path one day.“What if I never get a boyfriend? What if I stay single forever with two cats and Jjangu? Yoongi, I can’t be alone like this,” Seokjin laments, throwing his head into his hands.“Why don’t you just date me?” Yoongi suggests in the most nonchalant tone Seokjin has ever heard.It’s enough to catch his attention, head snapping up to stare at his best friend with (he’s sure) an incredulous expression. “What?” he manages to croak out.Yoongi starts to repeat his words in the same indifferent voice. “Why don’t you just date me—”“No, no, I heard what you said, I just—where did that come from?”“Well, I—” Yoongi freezes, something akin to recognition and fright dawning on his face. The seven-year-old who had stared at him in horror from being caught peeking at them from behind a tree is back as he looks at Seokjin with the same wide-eyed expression. “It’s nothing, hyung, please forget everything I just said,” he squeaks before standing from his spot on Seokjin’s bed and quickly striding towards the door.At some point when Yoongi is twisting the doorknob, Seokjin realizes what’s happening. Yoongi’s leaving. He’s  leaving  after revealing something so important, something Seokjin has unconsciously wanted for years.It’s not a surprise to him that the only thought in Seokjin’s mind now is to stop him before he can go.“Wait!” he calls, jumping off the bed and securing Yoongi’s wrist in his grip. Except, he pulls a little too hard.Seokjin feels like he’s watching the world in slow motion as Yoongi turns from the force of his tug and stumbles over Seokjin’s own feet. His weight in combination with the momentum of the pull sends both of them tumbling to the floor, and Seokjin can only stare up at Yoongi, painfully aware of the little distance between them. What a K-drama cliche.Yoongi is just as shocked, and in the seconds that the two of them remain on the ground in possibly the most awkward position they could have found themselves in, Seokjin realizes two things. One, he’s been terribly blind for the past eight years to not realize he’s been in love with Min Yoongi since—well, forever. And two, he really,  really  wants to kiss him.So he says, with an impossibly cheeky tone, “Well, Yoongi-chi, I’d like to date you, but you’d have to prove yourself with a kiss first.”He watches as a train of emotions flicker across Yoongi’s features in quick succession: first surprise, followed by understanding, joy, and a final smirk as he answers, “As you wish.”The feeling of Yoongi’s chapped lips, sweet like the apples they shared earlier, pressing against his own is one that Seokjin will never forget for as long as he lives.Their kiss is simple, unhurried, and full of the pent-up feelings they’ve both held. Seokjin can taste Yoongi’s longing, his love for Seokjin and the happiness they’ve experienced together, and he hopes he expresses it back just as eagerly.They part for air moments later, both breathing heavily as they stare into each other’s eyes, before Seokjin giggles and pushes Yoongi off. “You’re crushing me,” he complains jokingly.Yoongi rolls onto the floor beside him and sits up. “Should I make it up to you with a kiss then?” he asks with a raised eyebrow, his gummy smile sending a wave of warmth to Seokjin’s heart.In reply, Seokjin pulls himself up and steals a peck from his lips. “So are we boyfriends now, or . . .?”“Whatever you want,” is Yoongi’s simple response.“Okay,  boyfriend.”Later that evening, after Yoongi is invited (forced by Seokjin’s mother) to join them for dinner, they go over the rest of their homework together. Seokjin makes it his mission to annoy Yoongi with his awful puns, just so that he can shut his complaints with kisses.As Seokjin is returning to his place from one such action, he notices the white specks falling outside.Awed, he taps Yoongi’s arm for his attention. “Hey, Yoongi-chi, look.”The two gather at the window to watch the first snowflakes of the season drift to the ground, blanketing the concrete in a sparkling layer.“Hyung,” Yoongi says suddenly, “do you think we’ll be together for a long time?”Seokjin smiles and faces him. “We’ll be together for as long as you’ll have me, Yoongi.”“Then,” he starts, “could we celebrate the day of the first snow each year as our anniversary?” When Seokjin looks at him questioningly, he explains, “To show that we’ve lived another year together. We’ve survived the harsh winter, relished the birth of spring, and enjoyed the heat of summer and the beauty of fall. Now we’re ready to go through it all again, with each other by our sides.”For a moment, Seokjin stands there, blinking in disbelief. He can tell Yoongi is beginning to feel nervous from his lack of response, but it takes him several seconds to form the sentences he wants to say. “Wow,” he breathes. “That was—I—wow. I mean, yes, yes of course we can. I’d love to do that.”Yoongi visibly relaxes, though he frowns at the elder. “Don’t scare me like that, hyung. I really thought you were upset for a second there.”“No, it’s just . . . You have such a way with your words, Yoongi-ah. That was amazing.” Then, an idea pops into his mind. “You know,” he drawls before pointing at the sliced peaches his mother left for them on the desk, “you’ve really left me s-peach-less.”The sound of his own squeaky laughter fills the air as Yoongi gazes back at him, seeming unimpressed, though Seokjin can tell he’s barely containing the smile on his face.Unlike a K-drama, however, they don’t get their happily ever after. ---
now
 “Um, hey.”Inwardly, Seokjin curses his own mouth. The first words he speaks to Yoongi in five years and they’re  um, hey.  Yoongi would never let him live this down. (The thought comes to him before he can remind himself that Yoongi wouldn’t care. Not anymore.)He clears his throat and tries again. “Uh, long time no see, Yoongi. And you too, Mr. Min, Mrs. Min.”The room seems to be at a standstill, waiting for Yoongi’s reaction. He catches Seokjin’s gaze for a second too long before he looks away.“Long time no see, hyung.”The spell is broken, and Seokjin lets out a breath he’d unconsciously held captive. Everyone begins moving again, settling into their rooms with their luggage under Yoongi’s mother’s directions. Yoongi is forced to join Jungkook in his bedroom, giving up his former one to Seokjin, and Jimin and Taehyung claim the guest room.As Seokjin explains his parents’ regret of not being able to make it due to their pre-planned trip to Australia, he subconsciously rambles a little, a habit of his that surfaces when he’s nervous or flustered. His gaze wanders to Yoongi a couple times before he’s able to catch himself, and he can only hope no one notices.But the tension between the former lovers remains present in the air, and though Seokjin knows they aren’t fooling anyone with their efforts to act normal, he can’t bring himself to address the issue.(In his mind, he lost that right five years ago.)Yoongi’s room is exactly as Seokjin remembers, minus the belongings that the younger had taken with him when he left to study abroad. To the left of the door, the twin bed with dark covers is still pushed up against the wall. Above it, the walls bear faint marks of hastily written lyrics and music notes, products of Yoongi’s spontaneous bursts of inspiration. Right beside the bed, Yoongi’s desk sits as it always had, lined with trophies from basketball tournaments and piano competitions. Seokjin runs a finger down the groove cutting across a fraction of the surface, smiling as he remembers their ten-year-old selves dragging their pencils across the wood for pure amusement, earning a scolding from Yoongi’s mother when she found out.As he steps further into the room, Seokjin’s breath hitches. His eyes land on the brown upright piano sitting in the corner, its polish worn and leather seat covered in cracks. Regularly cleaned, it seems, but almost definitely untouched and out of tune.A wave of emotion surges through him, so strong that Seokjin lets out an involuntary gasp. Tentatively, he walks towards the instrument and reaches a hand out, then another, before lifting the cover and revealing the keys beneath.  Beautiful. That’s what Yoongi would say.Seokjin rests his fingers on the white, jade-like keyboard, and presses down a single note. Encouraged by the nostalgic, though jarring, sound that echoes through the room, he pushes another, then another, until a familiar melody is flowing from his hands. He can’t help the mistakes scattered throughout the piece, seeing as he hasn’t touched a piano since he and Yoongi broke up, but Seokjin finds himself lost in the music, in the song Yoongi had written for them alone.The song that tells their story.(He forgets, of course, that the original composer is only two doors down in the same house.)When Seokjin releases the final key, he breathes out a heavy sigh, closing his eyes until he can adjust to the unnatural silence that follows.“You missed a bar, you know,” Yoongi’s voice says from behind him.Seokjin whirls around abruptly. “Oh?” he rasps, his voice still thick with leftover emotion induced by the piece.“Three bars before the last, there was a part that’s supposed to go—” Yoongi hums out a short melody, but Seokjin knows which section he’s referring to even before he hears it.The measure that (very cheesily) translates into  You are my forever.Seokjin remembers, with astounding clarity, the set of lyrics that the two of them wrote to go along with the original piano composition. He’d pored over it day and night while listening to the piece until he had every note, every rest committed to perfect memory. That being said, Seokjin didn’t skip the measure on purpose.He just couldn’t bring himself to play it.As Yoongi stares at him from the doorway, awaiting a response, Seokjin can’t think of anything to say other than, “Oh.”An awkward silence befalls them, for which Seokjin has none but himself to blame. As the wall clock ticks away, Yoongi looks increasingly uncomfortable, and Seokjin’s gaze falls and falls until he’s gazing at his own socks.It’s Yoongi who moves first, clearing his throat as he says, “I’m gonna, you know,” and points towards Jungkook’s room. He disappears right after, and Seokjin ignores the disappointment in his throat as he hears a door slam down the hall.This is what they are now. He just needs to accept it.



Chapter End Notes
Another Yoonjin to feed my needs! Inspired by the lyrics of Spring Day (I'm sure you can tell from the title, plus all the mentions of snow and flowers and whatnot), plus a bit from Yoongi's First Love. Bonus points if you can find where I quoted the songs :)


Chapter 2
Chapter Notes
Just a clarification, I've crafted the school system in this story based on the North American system, and I've simplified university admissions processes a lot for the sake of the plot, so please bear with me.Enjoy :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




When his natural body clock wakes him up at six-thirty the next morning, Seokjin doesn’t complain. He just drags himself up like he always does and heads down to the kitchen to make breakfast. It only occurs to him ten minutes later, as he’s stirring the bowl of waffle batter, that perhaps he’s taking advantage of his liberties in someone else’s home. He might have grown up here, but with a five-year gap since the last time he was in this house, he can’t help but feel like a stranger in a foreign land. Too late now, he thinks as he pours a ladle of batter into the pan and covers it. His hands operate on autopilot as he prepares the rest of his usual breakfast, except for six more people (seven more, if you consider just how much Taehyung and Jungkook can eat).As he’s setting the table, a yawning Mr. Min trudges down the stairs, blinking the sleep out of his eyes as he sees Seokjin.“Ah, good morning,” Seokjin greets awkwardly as he sets down the mug of coffee he prepared for Yoongi at his seat.“You made breakfast, Seokjin-ah?” He frowns. “You didn’t have to do that. You’re the guest here.”Seokjin smiles sheepishly, glancing down at the orange juice he’s pouring to make sure it doesn’t spill. “Just a habit, sorry. I hope you don’t mind that I used your kitchen without asking—I’ll clean it all up, of course.”Mr. Min waves it off and takes his place at the dining table. “It’s fine, don’t worry about it. You’d better call the kids up, though, you’re still the only one who can do it without the roof collapsing.”His words cause a laugh to bubble out of Seokjin. “I don’t know, it’s been five years. Maybe they’re a little better in the mornings now.”They aren’t.Seokjin tries to wake Jungkook first, knowing that if Taehyung and Jimin are exceptionally stubborn later, the youngest can help him handle them. He doesn’t expect Jungkook’s adamant resistance to getting up, and seeing as he’s somehow stronger than Seokjin is, the latter eventually resorts to blasting his least favourite song ten centimetres from his ear, jolting him awake instantly.“Hyung, that’s cheating,” Jungkook protests, swinging his legs over the bed.Seokjin just shakes his head. “You got what you deserve. Now come help me wake Jimin and Tae.” Under his breath, he mutters, “Seriously, of all the things you decided to pick up from Yoongi, you chose not being a morning person?”From the other side of the room, Yoongi groans, “I heard that, hyung.” Seokjin chuckles as he watches him unlock his phone to check the time, only to throw it back on the nightstand and cover his eyes with the same arm. “It’s too fucking early for this. I swear you’re not human, hyung, how are you voluntarily awake?”The sound of Yoongi’s gruff voice, raspy from disuse over the night, sends Seokjin back to when they were just two foolish teenagers, thinking they could turn their backs against the world together. Those were times when they would lean on Seokjin’s balcony railing, talking until ungodly hours of the morning before retreating to his bed. When Seokjin would wake up with his arms around Yoongi’s waist and would press a kiss to his boyfriend’s cheek, a ‘good morning’ already on his lips. When Yoongi would complain about the time, but the smile on his face as Seokjin shut him up with a proper kiss revealed just how much he adored him.But he’s already closed the door on all of that, locked it away and threw out the key.With a shake of his head, Seokjin jokingly returns, “Language, Yoongi-ah. And not everyone stays up till four in the morning like you.” He then heads next door with the consolation that despite their awkward meeting the night before, they can still banter as such like they did five years ago.Taehyung and Jimin prove much harder to wake, even with Jungkook’s help. Seokjin isn’t surprised to find the two cuddled together in the same sofa bed, but when he tries to shake Taehyung awake, the younger only clings onto Jimin tighter. He’s met with the same reaction from Jimin, even when he works with Jungkook in an attempt to pull the two apart.It’s in a final moment of desperation (okay, he’s definitely exaggerating now, but it’s half past seven in the morning and Seokjin can be dramatic if he wants to) that the ingenious idea presents itself in Seokjin’s head.“Come on, Jungkook, leave them be” he beckons, and a confused Jungkook follows him out of the room. Seokjin makes sure his voice carries into the boyfriends’ bedroom as he says, “They’ll just have to miss out on the  vanilla waffles  I made for breakfast.”Jungkook, bless the child, catches on quickly. “Ah, I saw those earlier with the scrambled eggs, hyung. They look  absolutely delicious.”A loud thud sounds from behind them and Seokjin sneaks a glance back to see a wide-eyed Taehyung staring after them, his hair a bird’s nest on his head. “Waffles?” he squeaks, making a move towards the kitchen.Seokjin stops him with an arm. “Go brush your teeth first, Taehyung-ah. And make sure Jimin joins us, or neither of you are getting breakfast.”(As he watches Taehyung sulk away, Seokjin can’t help but feel proud of himself for his cleverness.)“That was mean, hyung,” Yoongi comments as Seokjin and Jungkook join him and his parents at the dining table. “You know how much that kid loves waffles.”His mother chuckles. “Seokjin is really the parent for all you children. That’s how I made you and Kook join us for meals when you were younger, remember?”They laugh at Taehyung and Jimin as they enter the room, and the conversation moves on. Seokjin takes a moment to marvel at how quickly Yoongi’s family accepted him back into their midst, as if he hadn’t cut them off for five years. Yoongi has always been one to forgive easily when it comes to his friends, though he could hold grudges for eternity when he wanted to. Seokjin hopes that his return, although only due to circumstance, can ease whatever anger Yoongi still holds for him. ---
then
 Seokjin won’t lie and say his and Yoongi’s relationship is always smooth sailing. Like any other couple, they have their moments—but they did as best friends too, so it really isn’t much different.The first time they truly fight, it’s Yoongi’s final year as a high school student. The time of university applications and last assessments for his twelfth grade marks. Seokjin’s already in his first year at Konkuk University in Seoul, and they’ve managed their relationship through Skype calls and biweekly train rides back and forth. Although it’s not much of a long-distance relationship, per say, they’re still further away from each other than they’re used to. But they’ve made it work.When Seokjin suggests the prospect of Yoongi applying to music programs outside Korea, however, that makes it an entirely different story.He first brings it up during Chuseok, when they’re both sitting on a bench in the park nearby, Yoongi’s head in Seokjin’s lap. It took forever for Seokjin to convince his boyfriend to leave the house that morning—It’s ten am, it’s the holidays, and I don’t wanna move, hyung—but he succeeded after many compromises and negotiations.The idea of Yoongi studying abroad for university has been on Seokjin’s mind for a while now. When the younger talked about all the post-secondary institutions he applied to, Seokjin noticed there wasn’t a single place outside Korea on his list. For his future’s sake, the elder knows that somewhere like the United States would be far more beneficial, though he can’t say he isn’t intimidated by idea of being thousands of kilometres away from him for extended periods of time.But first he needs to know Yoongi’s take on it.“Hey, Yoongi-chi, what do you think about going to university in the US?” he inquires casually as his hand runs through Yoongi’s black locks. “Somewhere like UCLA, or even Juilliard.”The motion comes to a halt as Yoongi sits up abruptly with a frown. “Why would I do that? I can’t get into Juilliard anyways. And my English isn’t good enough.”“Why don’t you at least consider them, Yoongi-ah?” Seokjin persists. “There are so many opportunities in America for you to make music.”“There are more than enough for me in Korea, hyung,” Yoongi counters. “What’s wrong with wanting to stay close to home?”“I just want you to broaden your perspective. University’s gonna affect a lot, you know.”“I think my perspective is fine, thank you very much.” Yoongi pouts, his voice coming out more as a whine than anything else. “Besides, I wouldn’t be able to survive a day without you, hyung.”At that, Seokjin laughs, breaking the strain that had been building in their exchanges. “That, I believe. Everyone thinks you’re tough, but you’re really just a big softie, Min Yoongi.”Yoongi’s pout turns into a familiar gummy smile that always sends a rush of warmth to Seokjin’s heart. “Only for you.”After a moment’s pause, Seokjin says, “But seriously, Yoongi, I think it’s worth thinking about, you know. Keeping your options open.”He hears a heavy sigh from beside him. “Can we drop this, hyung? I really don’t want to talk about this right now.”His tone doesn’t leave much room for argument, and so Seokjin drops the subject, not wanting to quarrel with him.But the idea planted in his head stays like an earworm, reminding him of its existence at every possible interval.Until Seokjin gives in and sends an application on Yoongi’s behalf, complete with the original compositions that Yoongi has shared with him and recorded performances from competitions, to the Juilliard School.
 What are the odds, right? 
(The odds, Seokjin discovers months later, are very much not in his favour.)To be completely honest, Seokjin forgets about the application he submitted for Yoongi right up until the latter starts greeting him during Skype calls with news of university acceptances. At first, he’s nervous about how Yoongi would react if he sees a letter from Juilliard—to which he most definitely didn’t apply himself—but after the first several calls with no reference to such a letter, Seokjin gradually relaxes. It’ll be okay after all, he thinks, and pushes it to the back of his mind.So when Yoongi calls him the next night, with the cherry blossoms blooming in their full glory just outside his window, he accepts it with giddiness, some news of his own to share once it’s connected.Enthusiastically, Seokjin greets, “Hey, Yoongi-chi—”“Hyung, would you like to explain why I got an admissions letter from  Juilliard?” Yoongi asks icily, his tone impossibly cold and accusing.But Seokjin focused on the second half of his question, purposefully avoiding the first. “You got accepted to Juilliard? That’s great, Yoongi! I’ll go down this week and we can celebrate—”“Hyung,” he interrupts once more, “I want an explanation. Why was I accepted to a school I didn’t even  apply  to?”Seokjin’s teeth sink into his bottom lip guiltily as he contemplates a response. “Well, you see, I thought it would be good if you had more options to choose from, you know. And the acceptance rate from Juilliard for international students is pretty low, so I thought—”“You thought what, you’d be doing poor Min Yoongi, who probably isn’t good enough for Juilliard, a favour?” Yoongi cuts in for the third time. “On the off chance that  maybe he’ll actually get in  if the administrators pity him and his pathetic ambitions enough? Did you even read the essay you submitted for me?”“Stop interrupting me,” Seokjin chastises. “And yes, I  was  doing you a favour, Yoongi. Look at what you’ve got now, nine scholarships from Korean universities and counting, and one from  Juilliard. Do you know how many people would kill to be in your position? The opportunities ahead of you are endless—this is your  dream, Yoongi-ah.”“I told you, I don’t want to study in fucking America,” Yoongi shouts, and Seokjin feels his temper roar past the floodgates.“Well, you know, if you’re going to give up this golden opportunity and waste your life away, go ahead,” he snaps, only half conscious of the words exiting his mouth. “I don’t understand why you can’t just appreciate when people do something nice for you, considering you act like an asshole to everyone you meet.”“I never fucking asked you to apply to Juilliard for me,” Yoongi hisses, his voice dripping with venom as his satoori thickens even more than usual, a sign that he’s past a certain point of rage and there’s no room for return. “And if you have such a problem with the way I act, why’d you stick around for the last ten years? Do you think I needed all your constant nagging about my lifestyle?”Seokjin opens his mouth to retort, but he doesn’t get a chance to as Yoongi finishes with, “Maybe you should mind your own fucking business for once and not talk like you know shit about what I can do.”Okay, Seokjin admits that one hurt. A lot. Not only is Yoongi saying his presence is unappreciated, he’s also implying that being boyfriends for a year and a half and best friends for ten doesn’t give Seokjin any right to help him with such an important decision. As if Seokjin isn’t really someone he wants to share his life with at all.“Fine,” Seokjin all but snarls. “Go wherever the fuck you want. It’s none of my business after all. Just remember what you’re letting go of.”And with that, Seokjin hangs up before he can hear Yoongi’s reply. He expects a sense of triumph, of pride knowing that Yoongi will come back to him sooner or later.But sitting at his desk, alone in his dorm room, all he feels is emptiness. ---now  The funeral itself is small, with only close family and a handful of neighbours in attendance. Yoongi’s parents had delayed as much of the funeral as possible until Yoongi could fly back from New York, but the cleansing and shrouding of the body had already passed. Despite the postponement, no one argued with their decision—no one has the right to.Seokjin adjust the placement of his shoulders in the suffocating black suit, too tight in the most uncomfortable places. He watches as guests begin to enter the funeral hall, some of whom he recognizes from years of greetings at the grocery store, others whom he’s only seen once or twice at best.As they all file in to pay respects, Seokjin realizes belatedly that Jimin’s parents are not present and were not with Jimin the night he arrived in Daegu. No one has mentioned how strange it is for the daughter of the deceased and her spouse to be absent at the funeral. (He didn’t realize it then, but he would find out why soon enough.)He lingers at the door, hesitant to step inside. A part of him feels too distant from Yoongi’s grandfather, almost unworthy of crossing the threshold into where his body lies. Another part of him is guilty that he hasn’t been in contact for the last five years, guilty that he wasn’t able to see him in his last moments. But above all that, Seokjin feels an overwhelming sense of disorientation—of loss of direction. Almost like the past few years have been like a haze he’s only now woken up from, only to find himself without any sense of direction.Vaguely, Seokjin notices Jimin and Taehyung enter the room together. When they leave, Jungkook follows in their footsteps. In and out, people come and go, but he remains rooted to the ground, as if someone attached lead to his legs, preventing him from lifting his feet even a centimetre off the ground.Seokjin’s head snaps to attention when Yoongi walks in and kneels in front of the photo of his grandfather, fatigue and sorrow evident in both his expression and his movements. He wonders what the younger is thinking as he pays his respects, beyond the inevitable sadness. Is he regretful that he wasn’t by his grandfather’s side when he died? Is he wondering about the future like Seokjin is?That’s where he catches himself.  How could you?  he scolds.  Stop being so selfish. You have no idea what he could be going through inside, and yet you’re still thinking about  your  guilt. “Seokjin-hyung?” Jungkook’s voice snaps him back to reality. “Aren’t you gonna go in?”Taking a deep breath to steel his nerves, Seokjin nods and steps through the doorway. Yoongi doesn’t look up as Seokjin kneels beside him, but the older can see his shoulders stiffen—in surprise or something else, he can’t tell. He ignores it as he lights a stick of incense at the table and bows before it, tears prickling at the corners of his eyes. I’m sorry, he thinks.  I’m sorry I didn’t contact you for so long. I’m sorry I didn’t come see you before you died. I’m sorry I—I’m sorry I hurt Yoongi. I’m so, so sorry for that, and I know that if you were alive, you’d tell me to do whatever I can to fix it, but I can’t. So I’m sorry. 
 Thank you. Thank you for bringing this family into the world, thank you for accepting me into it. I can’t tell you how grateful I am for you. I can still see your presence over the years in all of us—in Jungkook, in Taehyung, in Yoongi. And in myself. I can’t imagine how differently we might’ve grown up if you weren’t there, ready for us to turn our heads to when we needed guidance, always encouraging when the world was too hard on us, too difficult for our immaturity. Thank you for sharing our joy, our sadness, our glories and failures. 

 Goodbye. 
As Seokjin lifts his head up from the bow, he realizes his vision is blurry from tears, and that a few have slid down unbidden to stain his suit pants. He turns to the side and bows to Mr. Min, now head of the family, and rises. Yoongi is still there, kneeling, hands clenched into fists as they rest upon his thighs. He looks as if he’s in pain and the inner Seokjin wants nothing more in the world than to smooth out the creases between his brows, to take his hands in his and massage them until they relax, long fingers fitting with his own.The outer Seokjin walks out of the room without a single glance back.(He’s afraid of how strongly Yoongi can affect him even now, afraid that if he looks, it’ll be that much harder to let go when he inevitably leaves.)Taehyung is waiting for him outside, his usually bright features dampened by sorrow. “Get some water before the next ceremony, hyung. You look like you need it.”Not bothering to force a smile they’ll both know is fake, Seokjin nods halfheartedly and excuses himself, searching for solace in the chilly November air. He shivers as he steps outside, brushing his bangs out of his eyes as a gust of wind catches him by surprise. The snow from the previous day has melted, not a trace of it remaining, as if it had never fallen at all. Too dead, Seokjin thinks as he takes in the scenery around the funeral home. Without the innocent beauty that the snow provided, all that’s left is the barren land and leafless trees. A landscape of death.  Fitting.As Seokjin is savouring his few moments of quiet, eyes closed as he concentrates on his surroundings, he hears Yoongi speak from behind him.“It’s time for the final ceremony, hyung.”(It’s impossible to miss the way Yoongi’s voice is laden with forced back sobs, hoarse and strained and so, so heartbreaking.)Seokjin doesn’t turn back as he answers, “I’ll be right there.”What he doesn’t expect, however, is that a minute later, when he opens his eyes, Yoongi is still there waiting for him. Seokjin knows the younger can sense his confusion, so he waits.“Walk there with me, hyung? I—I don’t know if I can—”And then, Seokjin understands.“Of course, Yoongi.” He restrains himself from adding ‘chi’ to the end of the name, unsure of how the other would react. They’re still treading on ice, after all.They walk in silence, but it’s not uncomfortable. Contrarily, it’s the first time Seokjin has felt at ease since the funeral began, even if they aren’t doing anything more than being by each other’s side.Like all good things, the momentary comfort Seokjin found in Yoongi’s presence doesn’t last. When they enter the hall where the casket is stored, Yoongi is immediately ushered away by his mother, leaving Seokjin to search for the younger trio and take a seat beside them.Yoongi’s father takes the stage in front of the casket, welcoming and thanking the guests for their condolences before he begins to recount his father’s life. Seokjin shuts his eyes as he listens, entranced in the way the story is spun like the tale of a man in another universe, yet so relatable that he can see himself there in every scene, looking on as a spectator.When Yoongi’s father concludes, he invites Yoongi up to stand beside him, much to Seokjin’s surprise.“Before my father passed, he wrote a letter and asked me to only open it on the last day of his funeral,” Mr. Min explains. “I think my eldest son, who was closest to him, should have the honour of reading it for us.”Seokjin’s breath catches in his throat as Yoongi unfolds the sheet of paper and begins to read.



Chapter End Notes
Ooh cliffhanger (but not really lol) *insert evil smirk here* Honestly though, it's really just 'cause I wanted to post this update asap XD


Chapter 3
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





then
 After their fight, Seokjin doesn’t contact Yoongi for the first couple months. He holds onto the stubborn thought that he didn’t make a mistake, so why should he be the one to call first? So he keeps waiting for Yoongi to call him, to message him, to send him a letter in the mail if that’s what it ends up being.But he never does.It’s when summer is nearing its end that Seokjin finally starts to worry. For the last five months, he was never concerned, knowing that Yoongi would definitely realize how stupid he was being and try to talk to him. However, a call from Namjoon sends Seokjin’s mind into full panic mode.“Yoongi-hyung’s going to Juilliard, hyung,” Namjoon informs him. “Just like you told him to.”“Oh?” Seokjin manages after a pause. “That’s . . . good.” No, it’s not!  he wants to scream.  Yoongi’s leaving. He’s  leaving. How can that ever be okay? Now, don’t get him wrong, Seokjin’s definitely happy for Yoongi. In fact, some part of him is delighted that Yoongi can pursue his dream in one of the most prestigious arts academies in the world. But the other part of him, the possessive part that’s more dependent on Yoongi than he’d like to admit, is crying. Crying in fear, in sadness, in regret. In love, but with so much bitterness towards himself.“His flight is next Friday,” Namjoon is saying. Friday. Friday.  The word resounds in Seokjin’s head.  That’s eight days away. Only eight days left. “You should come see him off, hyung.”With a wry chuckle, Seokjin shakes his head even though he knows the younger can’t see him. “I can’t do that, Namjoon-ah. I don’t have the right to anymore.”He hangs up, not waiting for a reply.But still, he marks it on his calendar. And when the day arrives, he sits in his favourite quiet place amidst the busy rush of Seoul, staring up at the sky with the hope that one of the airplanes passing by in the sky will be Yoongi’s.A month later, two weeks into the school year, Seokjin changes his number, saving only his parents in his contacts. Namjoon and Hoseok find him in Seoul once they start university and refuse to leave his apartment until they’ve obtained his new contact information. They don’t leave him alone for the rest of the year either, and Seokjin is thankful for that.(He wouldn’t have survived without them.)The first few months are the hardest. Seokjin no longer has the safety thought of Yoongi coming back to him someday to hold onto, and sinks deeper and deeper into the bottomless pit of darkness. He throws himself into his schoolwork, rising up every morning like a robot on autopilot and going through the same motions until night, resting only for the cycle to repeat again.Conveniently, his parents are out of the country for business during Chuseok, so he doesn’t have to face their interrogation. Aside from Namjoon and Hoseok, who make occasional appearances at his apartment between their own busy schedules, Seokjin barely talks to any of his friends at all. When he does, it’s usually mindless small talk, and he always escapes the conversations as soon as possible.When you think about it that way, Seokjin supposes it’s reasonable that people were worried—both Namjoon and Hoseok in particular. So it isn’t surprising when the two show up at his door one night with concern etched into their features, demanding an explanation for his recent displays.A bottle of soju later, Seokjin is full out sobbing as he explains their fight to a tipsy Hoseok and a very much sober Namjoon. His words are slightly slurred from the alcohol and he isn’t sure if he’s making sense anymore, but they seem to understand regardless.“To be honest, hyung, I don’t know what to tell you,” Namjoon says when he’s finished with the story. “I mean, I want you guys to talk this out and make up, or at least be friends again, but I also want you to be okay, and I don’t think contacting Yoongi will help with that.”Hoseok nods in agreement. “Yeah, hyung, this sounds harsh, but if you try to talk to him now, it might just get your hopes up only for it to all crash down again. I think it’s better if you just try to move on.”
 Move on. 
Seokjin isn’t sure what that means. Should he erase Yoongi from his memories as if he never existed? Live his life without acknowledging that Yoongi had ever existed? Or should he treat Yoongi as the dark history in his life and accept it as it is, carrying the weight of their past with every step? Are there any other options for him?Better yet, what  can  he do?(The answer, he realizes, is just as Namjoon and Hoseok have said.)So by the end of the semester, Seokjin makes sure that he moves on. ---
now
 
 It’s difficult to start this letter. There is so much I want to say, yet so little words I can use to express my thoughts. But I’ll start with this: I’ve lived a long life, and it’s time for me to move on. For those of you who are reading—or perhaps hearing—this, I thank you for being here to witness my final imprint upon the world. I’ll keep this brief, though my feelings can’t hope to be fully told through pen and paper. 

 To my beloved children, Hyunsoon and Jihye, I can’t tell you enough just how proud I am of you both. Hyunsoon, you’ve come so far from the child who held his sister’s hand on the first day of school, and you’ve grown so much stronger. 
Yoongi’s father lets a tear slip down his cheek, then another.
 Jihye, I will always thank you for being in my son’s life, and bringing joy to my wife in her old age. 
Yoongi’s mother covers her mouth with her hand as she sobs quietly into it.
 I hope you will both lead the rest of your lives in happiness. 

 To my dearest Chaehee and her love, Hyuk, I wish everyday that the two of you could have had the chance to be with us longer, to watch little Jimin graduate and grow into a fine adult. 
Jimin’s eyes widen, bottom lip quivering as he holds back his cries.
 I will be joining you soon enough, wherever you are now, and I look forward to seeing you again. 

 To sweet, young Jimin, who has suffered such loss in his youth, I am sorry to make you feel this way again so soon. Such a kind, talented child. 
He lets out a whimper before breaking down at the next words.
 Never be afraid to pursue your dreams, Jimin. Continue to make me proud in the future too. 

 To Taehyung, whom I rarely saw without being attached to Jungkook at the hip, you are dear to me like my own grandchildren, and you have been my best teacher for today’s teenage culture. Forgive me for making one last request to you: please take care of Jimin. 
 I will,  Taehyung mouths to the sky as he wraps an arm around Jimin in comfort, though he is crying as well.
 To my boy Jungkook, whom I’ve watched mature everyday. Don’t let anyone tell you who you should be, but be who you are as best as you can. 
Jungkook exhales shakily as he remembers a tearful conversation from months ago, where he spilled his worries beside a hospital bed.
 Don’t think that you need to become a stuffy adult so soon, Jungkook-ah. You’re still young. Live out your youth. 

 To Seokjin, whom I know would have returned for my death, I’ve missed you. 
 I’ve missed you too, Seokjin thinks, his teeth sinking into his bottom lip as he attempts to stay silent through the reading.  So, so much.
 I hope you’ve been well the last few years, and will continue to be in the future. I regret I could not see you one last time before I pass, but perhaps my death will reunite you with those you should have met again long ago. Take care, and do not be too harsh on yourself. 

 And lastly, to Yoongi, my grandson, my brilliant little cactus. I know you’ll resent me for not telling you so you could come back sooner, but whenever I heard you talk about your studies there with that sparkle in your eyes, I knew I could bring you back just like that. But I can hear that you’re missing something too, and fate has a funny way of leading us to what we’re looking for. 
Yoongi almost scoffs through the tears falling onto the paper as he reads, and a bitter smile tugs at his lips as he realizes just how well his grandfather could see through him.
 Never stop pursuing what you love, Yoongi-ah—and you know I don’t just mean music. 

 Thank you all for humouring me one final time. I hope you’ll take my words to heart, since they’re my last encouragements for you. I love you all, forever, and I’ll always be supporting you from wherever I am. Don’t forget that. 
 
---
 Seokjin sneaks a glance around while the casket is being lowered into the ground, and finds that there isn’t a single person without red eyes and drying tear tracks. As his eyes land on Yoongi, he resists the overwhelming urge to cup his dongsaeng’s face in his hands and rub his thumbs over his cheeks.
 You gave up your right to do that, remember? 
He does. But he can’t help but wish—for what exactly, he’s not sure, but  something.(Maybe anything.)When the funeral is over and they’re heading towards the parking lot, Seokjin is surprised to feel a hand on his sleeve preventing him from going forward. He’s even more surprised to see that the hand belongs to Yoongi, though it is replaced by concern the instant he catches the expression on Yoongi’s face—longing, pain regret, love; everything’s plain as day on his features.“Hey, talk to me, Yoongi,” Seokjin says softly as he catches Yoongi building his walls back up and drawing away (after these years, he’s surprised he can still read him so well). His crooked fingers find the younger’s hand and rub circles into the back of it. “Don’t shut me out. I’m here for you.”Seokjin can feel his heart aching as the man in front of him breaks down bit by bit, as if in slow motion, until he’s just the boy from so long ago who followed Seokjin wherever he went, but so much more broken. He pulls Yoongi into him, arms clenched tight around his back in hopes of steadying the shivers he can feel raking up and down Yoongi’s body. He feels tears soak into the shoulder of his suit, but he can’t find it in himself to care about it. Yoongi is most important.“I didn’t think I could do it, hyung,” Yoongi whispers after a while, after his trembling has lightened and his sobs have ceased. “I didn’t think I had the right to read the letter he wrote, not after leaving him—and everyone else—behind and going to America.”Seokjin waits as he pauses, knowing better than to interrupt.“But I’m really glad I did. Every time I talked to him over the phone, he kept telling me not to worry, and I should’ve picked something up from that, but I was too wrapped up in schoolwork and living my dream to notice.” His eyes are brimming with emotion, but there are no more tears for him to cry. “Even after he dies, he’s still worrying about us. That whole letter, hyung, I— I wasn’t sure I’d be able to get through it. When I called during Chuseok, I asked him to come to my graduation, and I got mad at him when he couldn’t promise to. I guess back then, he already knew.”Seokjin stays quiet, letting Yoongi find the comfort he needs within his embrace. They’ve never needed too many words, and Yoongi has already said plenty.Eventually, they separate. Seokjin can’t quite tell who pulls away first, but Yoongi’s next words make a frown settle on Seokjin’s face.“Please forget this happened, hyung.” He presses his lips together in a thin line. “That was inappropriate of me, and I apologize.” Then, he stalks away to the parking lot.And, of course, the first thing Seokjin thinks is,  How  dare  he? But he saves it for when they return, because he honestly doesn’t want to cause a scene where the other guests can still see them.(It’s definitely not because Yoongi’s already gotten into the car thirty metres away, but that’s irrelevant.)The twenty-minute trip back from the funeral home is awkward and stiff. Yoongi avoids any attempt Seokjin makes to include him in the conversation, brushing him off with grunts or one-word answers. It doesn’t take long for the rest of the passengers to notice the strain between them, though thankfully none of them comment on it. (That, however, doesn’t mean Seokjin can’t feel their disapproval radiating from all sides.)If one argues that it’s logical for Yoongi to bolt out of the car and into the house as soon as they pull up into the driveway, then it’s certainly understandable that the first thing Seokjin does when they arrive is follow Yoongi down to his room, jamming a foot between the door and its frame when the other tries to lock him out.“We’re not done, Min Yoongi,” Seokjin tells him warningly, squeezing his head through the opening.Yoongi groans and gives up on the door, finding his desk chair instead and turning away from his visitor. “What do you want, hyung? I made it clear, didn’t I? Or do you want another apology for dirtying your suit?”Seokjin ignores his questions and asks, “What do you think we are, Yoongi? Friends? Acquaintances? Ex-boyfriends who have to suffer each other’s presence for a few days?”His back still facing Seokjin, Yoongi turns on his computer without reply. After a few moments, it’s evident that he’s adamant in avoiding the question.“ Yoongi,” Seokjin presses, “I want to talk about this. About us. We have to cross this bridge at some point, so it might as well be now.”Yoongi spins around and fixes a stony glare upon him, his anger evident in his harsh tone. “Talk about  what, exactly, hyung? We haven’t seen or spoken to each other in five years before this. There’s nothing left to talk about.”“That’s not what it looked like earlier, when you were spilling your guts out to me,” Seokjin retorts.Yoongi grimaces. “It was my mistake earlier. I was too caught up in the moment.”“But still,” Seokjin insists, knowing he’s being rational with his decision, “this is something we need to talk about. It doesn’t matter what you did earlier, if we want everyone else in the house to  not be suffocated by the tension, we have to sort this out.”“There’s nothing left between us,” Yoongi says with bitter finality. “You ended it all when you hung up that day."“What do you mean, when  I hung up? It was practically a  mutual decision, Min Yoongi,” Seokjin accuses, his temper slowly flaring up.“In what way was it mutual, hyung? You decided on your own that studying abroad was the best option for me—”“Because it was!” Seokjin throws his hands up in frustration. “Besides, you accepted the scholarship and never called again. I had to find out that you were leaving for New York from Namjoon. How is that not mutual?”“You changed your number—”“Only after  six months passed —”“And you never called either. How was I supposed to know you wanted me to call?”“I didn’t call because I didn’t want you to change your mind,” Seokjin argues, ignoring Yoongi’s rhetorical question. You had a scholarship offer to  Juilliard, for fuck’s sakes. Music is your life, Yoongi, and I wasn’t gonna let you give up a golden opportunity just to stay in Korea with me."“Even if I had a scholarship from another world, I would still choose to stay here with you,” Yoongi bites out. “You made me feel like I had to decide between music and you, that I could only have one and that the right choice was music. I love music, hyung, but I also love  you.” His voice quiets, losing its fury to sorrow. “Music is like an extension of me, and that includes my love for you. I love making music for you because you love the music that I make. I didn’t care about all the opportunities I could’ve had if you weren’t gonna be with me through all of them.”Seokjin stares at him for what seems like forever, lips slightly parted in surprise. Then, he smiles, though it doesn’t reach his eyes. “You still have such a way with your words.” He shakes his head, glancing down at the ground. “I’m sorry for trying to make your decision about what’s good for you in your place, for saying what I did. You didn’t deserve any of it.”Yoongi scowls. “The past is the past, hyung. Nothing you say will change anything.”“I know, but” —Seokjin bites his bottom lip, raising his gaze to meet Yoongi’s with a plea in his eyes— “I want to fix whatever this is between us. I said a lot of bad things that day, things that I won’t make excuses for but are definitely not true. But before we were boyfriends, we were best friends, Yoongi-ah. I just want us to be okay.”The younger contemplates this for several seconds, arguably the longest seconds of Seokjin’s life. “Fine,” he concedes, the smallest hint of a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “Best friends.”Seokjin exhales in relief and grins. He knows this won’t fix their mistakes from the past, or fill in the five years’ worth of distance between them, but maybe they’ll be fine after all. --- At dinner, the effects of their  exchange are quite obvious, at least to Seokjin. The small talk flows a bit more smoothly after the first few minutes, where the kids (perceptive as always) figured out there’s nothing more to be cautious of when conversing with the eldest hyungs—although Jungkook has always been rather blunt with his words. Yoongi also seems a bit happier despite earlier events, and Seokjin is glad to find out that he can still make him scoff playfully at his terrible jokes.“Ah, by the way, Yoongi, Namjoon and Hoseok have been asking about you,” Seokjin tells him.Yoongi swallows before asking, “Aren’t they on a tour around Asia or something?”Seokjin raises his eyebrows.  So you do keep up with your old friends after all. Except me. Out loud, he answers, “They’re due back in Seoul today. Namjoon asked if you’d have time to visit them before you go back to New York.”“Yeah, sure. My flight’s not till Friday anyways.” But that’s only four days away, Seokjin wants to say, and he realizes that he doesn’t want Yoongi to leave, even though he was the one who initially encouraged it.“Ooh, can we go too?” Taehyung asks excitedly, and both Jungkook and Jimin look up with hopeful eyes at his request. “I haven’t seen Namjoon-hyung and Hoseok-hyung in  forever.”Seokjin smacks the back of his brother’s head, pushing his thoughts to the back of his mind. “Yah, Kim Taehyung, you still have classes to attend. And that goes for Jungkookie and Jiminie too,” he adds, and the three youngest pout almost in sync.“Hyung, I bet you just want to be alone with Yoongi-hyung, and that’s why you don’t want us to go with you,” Jungkook comments cheekily.Seokjin can feel a blush creeping up his neck, but before he can deny the accusation, Yoongi is already giving Jungkook the same treatment he’d given Taehyung moments ago.“Don’t talk about things you don’t understand, you brat.” That doesn’t help at all, Seokjin thinks as Jungkook exclaims, “So there  is  something going on!”Taehyung’s eyes widen as he demands, “Are you guys back together now? Can we finally uncover the mystery of why you guys broke up in the first place?”As Jimin glances back and forth between them in confusion, Seokjin burrows himself behind his food in an attempt to avoid the embarrassment. Vaguely, he registers the sound of Yoongi’s parents laughing at their antics.“No, we’re not back together, and you already know why we broke up,” Yoongi practically growls, throwing his chopsticks down onto his bowl with a loud  clack. “Thanks for the meal,” he mutters before trudging upstairs.Silence befalls the table, and Seokjin bites his lip in thought for a moment before setting down his chopsticks as well. “Excuse me.” He follows in Yoongi’s footsteps, but still hesitates before knocking on the bedroom door.(He’s not quite sure if he’s earned back the right yet.)Yoongi is lying face down on the bed when he enters, and Seokjin can’t help but chuckle at the sight. He turns on the ceiling light, earning a whiny groan from the younger.“Move over,” he chides, hitting Yoongi’s leg until he makes room for Seokjin to sit on the bed.Another groan escapes Yoongi’s lips as he rolls towards the wall, now staring up at the ceiling.“Hey, don’t worry about what they said, okay?” Seokjin tells him. “We’re best friends.”“Hyung, can you tell me about Namjoon and Hoseok?” Yoongi asks instead, not meeting Seokjin’s eyes as he speaks. “I’ve been . . . a really bad friend to you all.”Seokjin smiles. “Well, you know about their tour, so you obviously know they’re a rap duo now.”“Yeah, BTS, right? They’re kinda hard to miss—I’ve seen the girls at my school squealing about them in the halls and stuff.” Yoongi chuckles, and Seokjin’s heart warms at the sight of his smile.“They posted some of their music up on SoundCloud during their first year and some producer from BigHit found it,” Seokjin continues. “The producer contacted them and asked if they were interested for an audition. So they went, obviously got accepted, trained for three years, and debuted as a hip hop duo. And now, here they are, quickly rising in popularity and travelling around the world.”Yoongi laughs as Seokjin spreads his arms out wide to emphasize his point. “They’re doing well, then?” His voice quiets. “They’re happy?”Seokjin reaches out to pat his hand. “Yeah, they are. They’re happy.”The younger exhales in what seems like relief. “That’s good.” He turns his head towards Seokjin. “So, when are we leaving?”“Tomorrow?” Seokjin suggests. “I mean, it’s not that far to Seoul, so we could leave on any day, but I wasn’t sure how much time you wanted to spend there and maybe do some music stuff with Namjoon and Hoseok—” Seokjin is still rambling when Yoongi interrupts him.“Tomorrow is fine, hyung. Just give me the morning to pack up and stuff.”Seokjin beams. “Tomorrow it is.”



Chapter End Notes
BTS is complete (kind of) -- Namjoon and Hoseok finally make their first appearances! Sorry this took me so long to update, school has really been on my case :( On another note, I just wanna do a little promotion for Love Is Not Over (from BTS's Young Forever album) because it's an amazing song and it actually kinda fits in the story.


Chapter 4
Chapter Notes
I'm really sorry it took so long to update this chapter :( school has really been merciless...On another note, we're almost at the end of this story! There will be one more chapter following this and then an epilogue to wrap things up. Enjoy :)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




In retrospect, Seokjin probably should’ve expected something like this to happen. The matching mischievous grins on the three children’s faces should’ve given him enough hints as to whatever scheme they’ve been planning this time. But he was too busy relishing in the joy of having Yoongi back beside him without the awkward tension from the first night (which isn’t to say that they aren’t still awkward around each other sometimes, but Seokjin will take what he gets).So in the end, all Seokjin can do is shake his head when he walks down the aisle of the train halfway through the ride and finds Jimin, Taehyung, and Jungkook smiling up at him innocently from their seats.“Wow, what a coincidence, hyung,” Taehyung exclaims. “Can’t believe we’re heading to Seoul on the same train and we didn’t even notice.”Jimin, at least, has the audacity to look a little bit guilty, but the two youngest are completely unremorseful. Seokjin just sighs and returns to his spot beside Yoongi, who pulls out an earbud at his reappearance.“Something wrong?” he asks, eyes searching Seokjin’s face as the elder heaves another sigh.“The three brats are a few rows behind us.” Seokjin jabs a thumb in their general direction, though there’s a hint of a fond smile playing on his lips. “I can’t believe their nerve—how did your parents not notice them getting on in the first place?”Yoongi shrugs and unlocks his phone, opening his messages log for Seokjin to see. “Mom texted a few minutes ago, she said to let them stay for a night and send them back tomorrow.”Seokjin pouts as he makes himself comfortable in his seat. “Your mom is too lenient with them sometimes.”“I think she wants to be alone with Dad for a while,” Yoongi notes quietly. “Because my grandfather’s death and all. It’ll be good for them to have some peace in the house for once.”Seokjin hums in response, contemplating Yoongi’s answer as the younger pushes his earbud back in and shuts his eyes, effectively closing off the conversation. Seokjin glances out the window on Yoongi’s side and watches the blur of trees as they pass, wondering if they ever had a chance to be like that—leading content lives in the town they grew up in together, with their own children to keep them company.It’s a near impossible dream, Seokjin knows, but the domesticity of it entrances him. Even now, he can see the love—and more importantly, care—reflected in the eyes of Yoongi’s parents for each other, and he can’t help but imagine himself and Yoongi in their position.(Seokjin will also be the first to admit that they have a lot to work out before something like that is even a mere possibility.)His thoughts are interrupted as a weight on his shoulder redirects his attention. Seokjin feels his lips curl into a smile and he repositions Yoongi’s head so that it’s not awkwardly sitting on his shoulder bone. His gaze traces the mint strands brushing over Yoongi’s eyebrows, down to his eyelids and the curve of his nose, resting for a second longer on his pale lips before glancing away. He rests his head on top of Yoongi’s and closes his own eyes. (He would allow himself just this for now.)It’s moments like these that Seokjin loves the most. Of course, he loves their movie nights and their walks in the park, hand in hand, and their study dates and their Skype calls before going to bed. He loves every second he spends with Yoongi, every minute that they had while it lasted. Sometimes, however, they don’t need to be doing anything or talking to each other at all. They’re just simply there.In these moments, they’re together. And Seokjin loves that the most. --- Seokjin makes sure to search for his brother and his friends as soon as the train stops at the station. He waits as long as he can before waking Yoongi, but ultimately has to deal with his grumpiness and sluggish movements as they exit the car.Namjoon and Hoseok aren’t hard to spot, considering that in their process of heading towards them, Namjoon manages to nearly walk into three people and  actually knock over someone’s suitcase, for which he apologizes profusely as they walk away with a glare.Seokjin can’t help but chuckle as they approach, especially when Namjoon pouts and whines about being made fun of.“We don’t even have to say anything, Joon-ah,” Hoseok tells him. “You make it easy enough all on your own.”Seokjin laughs even harder at his comment and catches Yoongi looking at him from the corner of his eye. As he glances back to inquire, he notices Yoongi has already shifted his gaze elsewhere.When Namjoon spots Yoongi standing slightly behind Seokjin, he smiles, his dimples on full display, and moves to hug him. “Welcome back, hyung. We’ve missed you.”Yoongi returns the gesture, tucking his face over Namjoon’s shoulder. “I’ve missed you guys too.”Hoseok hugs him as well and when he pulls away, Seokjin catches a glimpse of the tears shining in his eyes. Then, Hoseok hits Yoongi on the arm, hard (if the way Yoongi winces is any indication). “You’re an ass, hyung. You barely even called after the first couple months. And you never came to visit us, even when you were in Daegu for the holidays.”“Sorry, Seok-ah.” Yoongi smiles softly and pats his dongsaeng’s shoulder. “I didn’t think I’d be able to come to Seoul, since . . .” He trails off, but they all know what he means.Since Seoul is where Seokjin is.The master of breaking the tension as always, Taehyung moves from where he was standing for the whole exchange and greets Namjoon and Hoseok with enthusiastic embraces, immediately beginning his story of everything that has happened since they last met (which was, in fact, only a couple months ago, when the two youngest had gotten tickets to their concert in Seoul). Jungkook and Jimin each exchange a hug with Namjoon as well before performing some kind of weird and elaborate handshake with Hoseok. When he catches Seokjin’s question look, Jimin explains,“Dancers’ privileges.”Taehyung purses his lips together and complains, “I’ve been asking them to let me join their secret handshake for  ages  but they always tell me it’s—”“Dancers’ privileges,” Jimin, Jungkook and Hoseok chorus.“Because it is.” Hoseok smirks. “Sorry, Taehyung. You can join in when you switch your major to dance.”“But you’re not a dance major either!”“I switched to business ’cause I wanted to learn how to manage a studio someday,” Hoseok replies. “Besides, I dance regularly between our schedules.”Jimin giggles and intertwines his fingers with Taehyung’s. “It’s okay, Taetae, we can make our own handshake.”Brightening up, Taehyung nods and swings their arms back and forth together as they walk towards the exit. Yoongi continues to grumble about being woken up— “I was having such a good nap, hyung, and you ruined it” —to which Jungkook snickers and replies,“Stop being such a grandpa, hyung, you’re getting old,” and then promptly runs away.“Yah, you brat!” Yoongi yells at his back, but (predictably) doesn’t chase after him. “The amount of disrespect I get these days is amazing.”With a laugh, Namjoon calls to Jungkook, “Don’t get lost before you get to our apartment. We’re not gonna be responsible for your missing ass.”Seokjin hits him in the arm. “Don’t say that,” he hisses, though there’s no actual seriousness to his tone. “We need to ship him back to Daegu tomorrow or his parents will have our heads.”Yoongi shrugs. “They can survive a couple days without him. But he and Mom both know his dance instructor’s gonna fry him alive if he doesn’t show up to practice tomorrow.” This too, Seokjin thinks. He loves these moments too, when the seven of them are together and just having fun teasing each other. He wishes this would never end, that they could stay like this, without a care for the rest of the world.But a wish is only a wish.“I’m gonna head to my place first,” Seokjin tells Namjoon, who’s the only one left to listen as Hoseok and the lovebirds have bounded off after Jungkook. (Hoseok claims he only went to make sure they don’t get lost, but Seokjin knows that they’re more likely to lose their way with the addition of his dancer friend anyways.)“I’ll go with,” Yoongi quickly supplies.Namjoon tilts his head in curiosity. “Hyung, are you staying with Seokjin-hyung until Friday?”“Yeah, he is,” Seokjin responds in his stead. Truthfully, neither of them have discussed the decision beforehand, but despite sending him a mild look of surprise, Yoongi doesn’t object, and Seokjin happens to be feeling just a little bit selfish today.He’s allowed to be, isn’t he? Yoongi will be gone in three days. And Seokjin doesn’t even know if he’ll see him again after that.The pair wave goodbye to Namjoon, who is already taking off after the others and muttering something about having to be the responsible one all the time.The afternoon sun provides some comfort from the cold air as Seokjin leads Yoongi down Seoul’s maze of streets towards his apartment. Vaguely, he recognizes the awe and wonder in Yoongi’s eyes as they pass through the city, and he realizes that Yoongi has never really explored it like Seokjin has.“I’ll show you around after we put our stuff down,” Seokjin promises as he tugs Yoongi away from a window display.He receives only a grunt in response, but he’s known Yoongi long enough to translate that into a grateful thanks that he’s not awake enough to formulate at the moment. (Okay, that might be an exaggeration, but close enough.)“Welcome to my humble abode,” Seokjin jokes as he unlocks the door to his apartment. “I don’t think you’ve been here since that day you came to help me move in.”Yoongi shuffles through the doorway with his suitcase. “I haven’t, hyung. But I’m pretty sure I have the layout of your room memorized from all those Skype calls.”Seokjin laughs as he rummages through the closet by the door for a pair of unused slippers. “Here. My floor hasn’t been cleaned in a while, so don’t get your socks dirty.” He then shows Yoongi to the guest bedroom, which he’s been using primarily as a storage room for now. “I just need to move some things out of the way, but you can put your stuff on the sofa bed for now.”As Yoongi settles in, Seokjin returns to his own bedroom with the duffel bag he’d brought to Daegu and quickly unpacks his belongings. He’s in the middle of sorting his clothes when his phone lights up with a notification.  Namjoon:   hyung, the kids are gonna stay at mine and hoseok’s place for tonight, is that okay?  Seokjin sends a quick reply telling him that it’s completely fine, as long as he wakes them up early tomorrow for the train back. As he’s turning off his phone, he hears a knock on his door.“Seokjin-hyung?” Yoongi pokes his head in.Seokjin stands from where he was crouched by the dresser. “Yeah, what’s up?”Yoongi raises his phone as he explains, “Jungkook asked where we’re going for dinner.”“Tell them to come over here,” Seokjin suggests. “I’ll cook something—I just need to go grocery shopping first. When do you want that tour of Seoul?”“Won’t you need time to prepare dinner, hyung?” Yoongi asks, frowning as he looks up from his phone. “I can just walk around a bit on my own.”“Your sense of direction is almost as bad as Hoseok’s, Yoongi-ah.” Seokjin laughs and walks towards him. “You’ll probably end up back in Daegu by accident or something.”Yoongi juts out his bottom lip and Seokjin swears his heart skipped a beat at how  cute he is (he’ll fight anyone who says otherwise). “Stop teasing me, hyung.”Seokjin laughs again and pushes Yoongi down the hall towards the guest room. “Okay, okay, just grab your jacket and get ready. We should leave soon if you want a chance to see at least a few of the good places.” ---
then
 The December when Seokjin turns fifteen, he and Yoongi spend the night before Christmas Eve with their friends and younger siblings wandering around Daegu’s Christmas market. Their parents gave them permission and some pocket money to have some fun for the night, provided that they return before curfew.So here they are, walking hand in hand because Yoongi left his gloves at home and though Seokjin lends him his own, he insists on making sure Seokjin’s hands are warm as well. Taehyung and Jungkook have run off somewhere, and Seokjin sends Namjoon and Hoseok after them in fear that they might get lost or cause unwanted trouble. He would’ve chased them down himself, but he also wanted to spend just a bit of time alone with Yoongi.“Let’s go there, Yoongi-ah,” Seokjin says, pointing to a tteokbokki booth a few metres away as he gently tugs on the hand holding Yoongi’s. “You haven’t eaten yet, right? You’ll never grow if you don’t eat.”Yoongi happily obliges and they hop over to the ahjumma selling rice cakes. Seokjin manages to charm her into giving them a few extra pieces before he leads them to a bench with their newly acquired food. Just as he’s about to indulge in the rice cakes, Yoongi stops him and takes a picture with his cellphone.“I’ve been experimenting with photos lately,” he explains to Seokjin. “Here.” Yoongi hands him his phone and Seokjin scrolls through the photo gallery, stunned by how breathtaking some of his pictures are.“Ah, look at my Yoongi-chi, so talented,” Seokjin teases as he hands the phone back. “You can become a professional soon, I’m sure.”Yoongi blushes and shakes his head, ducking to hide his face in his scarf. “I’m not that good, hyung,” he mumbles. “Besides, I can’t get any high quality photos with my phone camera, so I’m saving up for a DSLR.”“Are you gonna pursue photography then?” Seokjin asks with  mild concern. “What about your piano?”“I’m going to do both,” Yoongi responds matter-of-factly, and Seokjin ruffles his hair with a smile, much to Yoongi’s chagrin.A sudden idea strikes Seokjin, and he pauses his attack on Yoongi’s hair. “Ooh, you know what you could do?” Yoongi gives him a questioning stare. “You can make a photo album.”He seems to contemplate this for several seconds before responding, “That’s actually a pretty good idea, hyung. I’m impressed.”With a laugh, he hits Yoongi’s chest, tteokbokki forgotten on his lap. “Yah, all my ideas are good, Yoongi-chi.”Yoongi just rolls his eyes and digs his chopsticks into a rice cake, bringing it to his mouth without reply. Seokjin pouts at the lack of attention and steals the other half of Yoongi’s rice cake, letting out a content  mmm  as he chews.They meet up with the others a long while later, after Seokjin has dragged Yoongi around to at least five other food stands and they’ve gotten a couple souvenirs as well. Yoongi’s words stay on his mind for a long time, though the subject never comes up again in their conversations.But three months later, when Yoongi’s birthday rolls around, Seokjin is very pleased to present to him his very own DSLR camera, along with a scrapbook for his photo album. Needless to say, Yoongi is more than delighted with his gifts, thanking Seokjin at least a hundred times in the span of the five minutes it takes for him to grasp that this is, indeed, reality.“Have you thought about what you want to include in the album?” Seokjin inquires as they sit on the rooftop and Yoongi tests out his camera on the sunset fading into the horizon.“Yeah, I’ve got a theme in mind,” he answers, smiling as he meets Seokjin’s eyes.Later that night, Seokjin receives a picture message from Yoongi of the scrapbook, except now, its previous blank cover has six new words printed onto it. The Most Beautiful Moments in Life. ---
now
 Grocery shopping with a tired Yoongi was probably not the best idea Seokjin’s ever had, but he needs to cook for seven people  and  buy enough groceries to last him till the weekend, so a pair of helping hands are definitely appreciated. So he endures Yoongi’s occasional grumbles and whines whenever Seokjin drops something into the shopping cart he’s wheeling around and promises him lamb skewers for lunch the next day (“My treat, of course, Yoongi-chi”).On their way back to his apartment, Seokjin can’t keep his eyes from wandering to the camera hanging from Yoongi’s neck. He was surprised to learn on their walk today that Yoongi’s love for photography survives to this day, and even more surprised that Yoongi’s still using the camera Seokjin gifted him all those years ago. He won’t admit it, but Seokjin’s heart definitely fluttered when he saw Yoongi emerge from his room with it.Seokjin made sure Yoongi took many more pictures than was most likely necessary, a good portion of which contained himself and occasionally Yoongi. Faced with the younger’s protests, Seokjin argued that since Yoongi will be going back to America soon, he might as well take back some memories with him.(But they ended that conversation there, since neither were ready to talk about the implications just yet.)Seokjin can hear the racket his dongsaengs are making in his apartment even from the elevator. He chuckles and shares a glance with Yoongi as they trudge down the hall, struggling to balance the grocery bags as he fishes out his keys from his pocket.“Seokjin-hyung!” Taehyung exclaims when they enter, skipping towards them eagerly. “What are we eating today? Bulgogi? Japchae?”“Yah, let your hyung take his shoes off first, will you?” Yoongi scolds, though he’s smiling as well. “Dinner’s a surprise, but if you want to help—”Seokjin shakes his head. “I’m not letting any of them near the kitchen, especially not Taehyung.” He gives his younger brother a knowing look that sends him back to the living room, pouting.“Am I an exception?” Yoongi asks (Seokjin swears he’s just being cheeky).Instead of answering directly, Seokjin orders him in his best Gordon Ramsay voice to put the grocery bags on the kitchen floor and go wash his hands. He follows in suit and begins taking out the ingredients necessary for all the dishes he’s planned for the night, hoping that dinner will work as well as he planned.Yoongi soon joins him at the kitchen counter, taking up the task of preparing the meat for Seokjin’s special bulgogi recipe. They work in silence, but it isn’t uncomfortable or awkward; contrarily, Seokjin finds it comforting. They seem almost like husbands cooking for their children who are fooling around in the next room, he thinks, and the idea brings a fond smile to his face.(He doesn’t know it, but Yoongi’s sneaking glances at him with the exact same thoughts and a gummy smile of his own.)Over the next hour as they cook, Seokjin hears the words “Can we eat yet?” at least ten times from the youngest trio. He laughs and forces them back to the intense game of Jenga taking place on the living room carpet each time, giggling every time Namjoon destroys the tower with his clumsiness.Eventually, he’s banned from the game by Hoseok and exiled to the couch as the others continue playing.“Seok-ah, Jiminie, Jungkookie, come help set the table,” Yoongi calls.“Yoongi-hyung, what about Namjoon-hyung and me?” Taehyung asks.Yoongi raises an eyebrow at him. “Namjoon is the literal definition of destruction and you’re too hyper for your own good, kid. There’s a reason hyung doesn’t let you two near the kitchen.”Taehyung huffs and crosses his arms over his chest. “Why does Jungkookie get to help then? He breaks things more often than I do!”Jungkook’s cheeks colour as he arranges a few bowls and chopsticks on the dining table. “I do not!” he protests and when he sees Seokjin, he adds, “Hyung, tell him.”Seokjin shakes his head and sets a large plate of bulgogi on the table. “Don’t try to drag me into this, Kook. Come on, Taehyung, you can come eat now.”Any sign that he was upset instantly vanishes from his features as Taehyung bounces over and takes a seat, pulling Jimin down towards him as he passes. He grins as Jimin complains about nearly dropping the kimchi stew and  Kim Taehyung, that’s dangerous, what if it spilled and burned you? But the flush rising up Jimin's neck as Taehyung confines him to his lap only encourages him to hold on tighter, even wiggling his fingers to tickle him as the other yelps and squeals.“Hey, no PDA at the dinner table,” Hoseok jokes as he takes a seat across from Taehyung.Namjoon chuckles and joins him. “Ah, young love. Seokjin-hyung and Yoongi-hyung were way worse, don’t you remember?”Hoseok bursts into a bout of laughter. “Oh yeah, they were acting like a married couple even before they started dating.”Seokjin and Yoongi begin to object in unison as they set down the last few dishes, but surrounded by his friends and joking around without holding back, Seokjin thinks this is the happiest place he can be.This is his most beautiful moment in life.



Chapter End Notes
I wanted to take a little break from the angst and give you all some OT7 interaction XD Hope you enjoyed this chapter!


Chapter 5
Chapter Notes
My longest chapter yet XD I can't believe I wrote this all in two days (I swear my eyes are burning). Enjoy!Sidenote: "Eternal" roommates SIN are no longer roommates and I feel like my whole life has been a lie... Like what happened to "Let's be roommates even after we get married"? (I'm happy that BTS has a new apartment with enough space that they don't need to share rooms anymore and can have their own privacy but my Yoonjin heart :( RIP eternal roommates)

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




It’s always amazed Seokjin how passionate Yoongi can be when it comes to music. The way Yoongi’s eyes light up at the mere mention of the topic, an instant smile gracing his face as he speaks animatedly, using terms and lingo that Seokjin doesn’t quite understand, but tries his best to anyways. It doesn’t matter too much whether or not he can understand what Yoongi’s saying—Seokjin knows that Yoongi doesn’t expect him to respond, just as Yoongi knows Seokjin is always there for him to talk to. As a comparison, Seokjin would say it’s the same as how he is with food, and how Taehyung and Jimin are with each other.Seokjin has long since fallen in love with Yoongi’s passion (he’s not oblivious of his feelings, he isn’t even going to try to deny that he’s still in love with Yoongi); since when, he’s not sure, but in his eyes, it’s part of what makes Yoongi,  Yoongi. Which is why the uncontained grin on his face as he catches parts of Yoongi’s conversation with Namjoon and Hoseok makes complete sense to him.That doesn’t stop Jungkook from teasing him about it, of course, but Seokjin’s fine with that. He’s content with simply being surrounded by his seven closest companions, and enjoying the sight of his three best friends talking about that which brings them the joy visible on their faces.But all good things come to an end, so Seokjin gives everyone a ten minute warning, then promptly shoos them out at eleven in the evening (“No, Jungkook, you may  not  stay up until three in the morning playing Overwatch”). Except Yoongi, of course. Before letting them go, he makes Namjoon triple-promise that he’ll wake the trio on time tomorrow morning at eight so they can catch the earliest train to Daegu.“Drop by the studio if you have time tomorrow, hyung,” Hoseok tells Yoongi as they leave. “We can work on—uh, that,” he finishes when he catches Yoongi’s warning glance.Yoongi nods. “See you guys later.”After shutting the door, Seokjin turns back to Yoongi with his eyebrows raised. “What are you planning to work on with them tomorrow?”Feigning innocence, Yoongi replies, “What are you talking about, hyung? Work on what, with whom?”Seokjin rolls his eyes and chuckles as he returns to the kitchen to finish washing the dishes. If it’s something important, then Yoongi will tell him when it’s time to.A pair of hands reaches into the sink beside his own. “I’ll help, hyung.”Seokjin pauses and presses the back of his hand to Yoongi’s forehead as if checking his temperature. “Min Yoongi washing the dishes? Is the world ending or something?”Yoongi groans at Seokjin’s comments and leans away, but doesn’t stop scrubbing the plate in his hands. “Hey, I can be nice, you know. You’re letting me live in your house and you’ve given me food, the least I could do is wash a few plates.”“But you  hate  washing the dishes, even more than Jungkook does, which is astounding.”“Hyung.”Seokjin giggles and shakes his head, but doesn’t tease him further. “Thanks, Yoongi-chi. I appreciate it.”There’s a moment of silence between them before Yoongi states quietly, “I’m really glad we’re okay, hyung.”Seokjin flicks water into Yoongi’s face and laughs at his disgruntled expression, but answers very seriously, “I am too, Yoongi-chi.”  More than you could imagine.When all the dishes are cleaned and lying in the rack to dry, Seokjin ushers Yoongi into the bathroom and tells him he can use Seokjin’s products if he needs to. As he waits, Seokjin takes the time to resurrect one of their old childhood traditions.  It’s just for a night, he tells himself,  and maybe another before he leaves, if we’re lucky. It’ll be fine.“Hyung, I’m finished, you can use the shower now—” Yoongi’s voice fades abruptly as he takes in the sight of Seokjin sitting in the middle of the bed in Yoongi’s temporary room, his laptop stationed in front of him.“Ah, good timing.” Seokjin beckons him over. “My computer just finished loading. Choose a movie, Yoongi-chi.”Seokjin watches as Yoongi blinks in mild shock and slowly takes his position on the bed as the elder exits the room. But Seokjin doesn’t miss the small smile playing on Yoongi’s lips as he picks up the laptop.“Please don’t tell me you picked  Inception,” Seokjin demands when he re-enters the room.Yoongi laughs and scoots over to make space for him. “I didn’t, hyung. And no, it’s not  The Matrix  either.” Ah, he knows me well, Seokjin thinks. “UP? Do you want us to cry our eyes out tonight?”“You mean  you’re  going to cry your eyes out,” Yoongi corrects, then adds, “hyung,” when Seokjin looks at him expectantly.“I need more respectful dongsaengs,” Seokjin mutters as he presses ‘play’, and proceeds to shush Yoongi when the latter chuckles at his words.(As expected, Seokjin cries when Ellie dies, and somewhere along Carl’s confrontation with Muntz, his sobs turn into outright bawls.)When the movie finishes, Seokjin yawns and turns to ask Yoongi if he wants to watch another one, only to find that he has already fallen asleep. He supposes Yoongi’s ability to lose consciousness halfway through every movie is another trait that has survived over the years, even though they haven’t done something like this in a long, long time.As quietly and stealthily as possible, Seokjin closes the lid of the laptop and sets it on the nightstand. He feels Yoongi shift on the bed and freezes, but Yoongi doesn’t give any further indication that he’s awake. With a relieved sigh, Seokjin prepares to swing his legs over the edge of the bed and return to his own room.Except, he can’t.Actually, it might be more accurate to say that he’s being restrained from doing so—by the grip of Yoongi’s arm wrapped around his waist. Seokjin isn’t sure when Yoongi had managed to do that, but after a few unsuccessful tries to gently pry him off, he gives in with a sigh. There isn’t anyone he knows who values their sleep more than Yoongi and Seokjin would choose most alternatives in place of waking him up.If that means he has to spend the night in the same bed, then so be it. --- The first rays of sunlight stream through a gap between the curtains, forcing Seokjin to shut his eyes immediately after he opens them. He turns his head and blindly reaches for his phone. Just past six—which would be fine on any other Wednesday, when he would need to be at work by eight, but for today, Seokjin decides, it’s way too early.Closing his eyes once more, Seokjin tries to fall back asleep, savouring the softness of his blankets and the fluffy pillow under his head. As he turns onto his side in an attempt to relieve the crick in his neck, Seokjin notices a warmth that doesn’t belong to him near his shoulder. And subsequently, the hand splayed across his waist that most certainly isn’t one of his. Oh.Admittedly, there are many worse things that Seokjin could be waking up to in comparison to Yoongi’s breath fanning his skin and Yoongi’s fingers gripping his shirt. But Seokjin would argue that this predicament is far worse for his heart than anything he could possibly experience at six in the morning.He lies still for several minutes, listening to the steady rhythm of Yoongi’s breathing and the pounding of his own heart. He wonders if Yoongi can feel it too, and what he would think if he knew just how much Seokjin is affected by him still. He focuses on the tingling sensation spreading from where Yoongi’s hand meets his skin and thinks that if given a chance, he’d like to get used to this again.There isn’t much that Seokjin would prefer over waking up next to Yoongi. He can’t quite explain it, but lying here with Yoongi beside him—this is home.Eventually, Seokjin drifts back into unconsciousness, with only the past on his mind. His dreams take him back to Daegu, when they were sixteen, promising each other that someday, they’ll open a restaurant in Seoul, and Seokjin will be the chef while Yoongi will be the pianist in the corner, doing what they love for their customers’ satisfaction and their own happiness. It was only a wishful hope, even back then when they thought they could take on the whole world and be invincible together.But reality is not so merciful.The next time Seokjin wakes, it’s past ten in the morning. He has several unread messages from Namjoon reporting that he’s sent off the three little troublemakers safely. Seokjin groans. He was supposed to see them off and give them a few final warnings that he can only hope Namjoon communicated.Yoongi is still sleeping peacefully beside him, his demeanor so content and relaxed that Seokjin doesn’t ever want to wake him. But the truth is that it’s hours past when Seokjin usually wakes up and Yoongi still has a lot of Seoul to see, as well as a hangout with Namjoon and Hoseok, and Seokjin really needs to make breakfast.And so begins his arduous task of removing himself from Yoongi and leaving the room, involving perhaps all the willpower and self-control he has ever known himself to possess. (Of course, Seokjin doesn’t pass up the chance to take a few photos for future blackmail purposes.)As he’s setting the sweet egg sandwiches on the table, Seokjin hears a faint thud from down the hall, followed by a low groan. He chuckles and waits for Yoongi to appear, which he does, several moments later.“Good morning, Yoongi-chi,” Seokjin greets, picking up the mugs of coffee and tea from the counter and moving them to the table as well. “Sleep well?”Yoongi murmurs something unintelligible as he rubs his eyes and heads to the bathroom. When he emerges, looking slightly more refreshed, Seokjin is already halfway through his sandwich. Wordlessly, he takes a seat at the table where Seokjin has placed his breakfast.“Good morning, hyung,” Yoongi adds as a belated reply after a few sips of coffee. “Your bed is pretty comfortable. I don’t think I’ve woken up with this kind of a non-murderous spirit since middle school.”Seokjin nearly chokes on his sandwich in laughter. “Non-murderous spirit —who do you even feel murderous towards in the first place?”With a casual shrug, Yoongi says, “Oh, you know, just whoever invented mornings and the concept of getting out of bed before noon. I mean, who even does that?”“Well, both of us today, apparently.” Seokjin points to the clock hanging on his wall.Yoongi rubs his hands over his face as he complains, “Why am I even up? Scratch that, why am I not tired?”Seokjin laughs again as he finishes the last of his meal and dusts the crumbs off of his fingers. “You must’ve slept really well last night. Anywhere you want to go see in Seoul today?”There’s a long pause before Yoongi answers, so quietly that Seokjin isn’t sure if he hears him correctly.“Your restaurant.”“My . . . what?”“The restaurant you work at,” Yoongi clarifies. “That’s where I want to go.”Of all the responses Seokjin expected, this was not one of them. “Why do you want to go there? There’s nothing really special about it, it’s like any other traditional Korean restaurant.”“Because,” Yoongi states in lieu of an actual explanation. “When can we leave?”Seokjin sighs and collects their empty dishes. “We can go there for lunch, which means we still have two hours for anything else. I’m assuming you’re going to Joon’s studio in the afternoon?”Yoongi shrugs. “Sure, I guess. If we’ve got time before lunch, then I could just head there now.”“If you go now, you’ll never leave,” Seokjin counters over the sound of water rushing out of the tap. “With the way Joon and Hoseok work in that studio, you three won’t be out till sometime early tomorrow morning.” After setting the plates on the rack to dry, Seokjin suggests, “Let’s go to Tapgol Park. It’s a really nice place and not too far from the restaurant either.”Yoongi agrees, though Seokjin suspects it might be because he didn’t know what to do with the time either. As they leave, he reminds Yoongi to grab his scarf because  It’s almost December and it’s cold, Yoongi. Don’t underestimate the wind. The younger begrudgingly obeys, hiding the lower half of his face beneath the fabric as they walk through the streets of Seoul.Seokjin points out places here and there on their way, like the bakery that makes the most delicious scones and the cafe with the best latte art, and that bookstore Namjoon sometimes spends his time at when he’s not busy—disguised, of course. Yoongi nods along, occasionally grunting and responding with short answers, though Seokjin doesn’t really mind.“Nostalgic, isn’t it?” Seokjin notes as they stroll through the park. “Kinda feels like—”“Like Gyeongsam Gamyeong in Daegu,” Yoongi finishes. “Yeah.”Seokjin doesn’t even try to suppress the growing smile on his face.  He remembers. Perhaps he’s being a little overly dramatic, but five years is a long time. It’s enough for a lot of change to take place, and with each indication that Yoongi treasures their past just as much as he does, Seokjin is reassured, glad, surprised but so, so happy.It’s nearly half past twelve when the two arrive at the restaurant where Seokjin works. He pushes open the door to Choonsamwol and greets a passing waiter.“Hey, Jihoon. Can you let Heechul-hyung know we’re here please?”The boy nods and hurries away.Seokjin leads Yoongi to a table near the back, where the staff entrance is. As they take their seats, Heechul pops out from the kitchen and approaches them.“Well, well, what do we have here? Kim Seokjin at work when he doesn’t have a shift?” Heechul laughs. “I don’t think I’ve seen you out of uniform since your interview.”“Ah, hyung, stop teasing,” Seokjin whines playfully. “I brought my friend here because he wanted to come, not because I wanted to be stuck here on my day off.”“Oh?” Heechul raises his eyebrows at Yoongi, as if only just noticing his presence. “Who’s this? Your boyfriend?”Yoongi masks his surprised squeak as a cough behind his scarf, which he has yet to remove from his neck.“Best friends, actually,” Seokjin tells him, “but we’re also exes if you want to be precise.”“Ooh, now  that  sounds like an interesting story. Care to share?”“No,” Yoongi deadpans before Seokjin can reply, his voice hoarse from the cold and unuse.Heechul waits a few moments for an elaboration, but eventually gives up and shrugs. “Suit yourself. What are you guys ordering? Though I should mention that it might not be as good as usual, since Seokjinnie is here instead of in the kitchen.”“Hyung!” Seokjin feels a blush creeping up his cheeks. He catches a movement from Yoongi in the corner of his eye at the same time.  Is he grimacing? “All right, all right, I’ll leave you two alone.” Heechul winks. “Ff you need anything, I’m just a few doors away.”Seokjin waits till he’s out of earshot to turn back to Yoongi. “Sorry about that, hyung’s always finding new ways to tease us. Jaehwan suffered the worst last month, but I guess it’s my turn now.”“He’s rather . . . comfortable with you,” Yoongi mutters, voice impossibly low.But Seokjin catches the tiny bit of underlying disapproval. “Yoongi are you—are you  jealous?” He stifles the laugh bubbling out of his throat.However, instead of the vehement protest he was expecting, Seokjin receives a very, very soft, “Maybe.”The newfound silence stretches between them until Seokjin picks up a menu and asks, much louder than necessary, “So, what do you want to order?” --- Seokjin knows he’s said this before, but he really needs new dongsaengs. Ones who will  not  kick him out of a music studio on the premises of  dongsaeng hangout time without the eldest hyung—sorry, Seokjin-hyung. As if they’re ever really sorry.So Seokjin lends Yoongi the spare key (in case he really does return at some ungodly hour of the morning) and reverts to his usual weekend routine of rewatching Studio Ghibli movies and playing Super Mario. It’s a comfortable routine that Seokjin enjoys, but something just seems off today. His mind keeps wandering off during the movie and he can’t focus on playing the game, causing several unintended deaths for his character. It’s not until he finally throws down his controller in frustration that he realizes what’s wrong.It’s too empty.Over the last couple days, Seokjin has strangely become used to someone else being in the same living space as him, but now that Yoongi’s out and he’s no longer in Daegu with the youngsters, Seokjin feels almost . . . lonely.He groans and drags himself to the kitchen to prepare a snack, hoping to take his mind off of the way his footsteps echo just a bit too loudly and the knowledge that if he calls out a name right now, there won’t be an answer.As it turns out, Yoongi  does  walk through the apartment doors at around two in the morning. Not that Seokjin was awake waiting for him or anything, he just happens to have woken up to use the bathroom.“Good night, Yoongi-chi,” he whispers to the darkness. In his head, he thinks he can hear Yoongi’s murmured reply of, “Night, hyung.”The next morning, Seokjin leaves a note for Yoongi along with his breakfast before he leaves for work. He wonders briefly if he should’ve taken another day off, since it’s Yoongi’s last full day here, but then decides against it, thinking that it would be better for him to spend some more time with Namjoon and Hoseok and whatever secret operation they’re keeping from Seokjin.Near the end of his shift in the evening, Seokjin is disturbed from the shrimp he is preparing by Heechul.“Your boyfriend and those rappers are here to see you, and it looks like they’ve brought a crowd with them,” Heechul jokes. “I’m feeling nice today, so I’ll let you off early. Go have some fun tonight and be safe.” He pairs his words with a wink that Seokjin ignores, rinsing his hands in the sink before removing his apron.“Thanks, hyung.”Seokjin meets the three outside the restaurant. “Hey. Did you guys finish your mysterious ‘thing’ yet?”“Not quite—” Hoseok starts, before he’s elbowed by Namjoon. “I mean, what mysterious thing? We’re not doing anything mysterious at all, hehe . . . hehe.”Seokjin giggles at his awkwardness. “Whatever you say. So why are you guys here?”“We’re inviting you to go out for drinks with us, hyung,” Namjoon explains. “Since it’s Yoongi-hyung’s last day and all.”“No,” Seokjin says immediately. “I am  not  taking a hungover Yoongi to the airport tomorrow.”“Technically, I’ll be the one taking him since I’m the one with a car,” Namjoon notes.Seokjin shakes his head. “Which is why  you  shouldn’t be drinking tonight either.”“Aww, come one, hyung.” Hoseok pouts. “Yoongi-hyung’s alcohol tolerance is inhumanly high anyways. Let us have some fun.”Seokjin feels his resistance crumbling and sighs. “Fine. But I’m limiting you to two cans of beer each—one for you, Hoseok, because you’re alcohol tolerance is practically non-existent—”“Hey!”“—and absolutely  no  soju.” Seokjin takes in their slightly disappointed faces. “I’ll make dinner,” he offers, watching as they brighten up instantly.“Great, now can we  please  get out of this cold?” Yoongi grumbles. “My ass is going to freeze off.”“Hyung, you can’t lose what you never had,” Hoseok sings, taking off towards Namjoon’s car.“The  disrespect.”Seokjin pats his arm sympathetically. “Now you know how I feel because of you all.”“But hyung, you act like a child anyways.”“This is what I mean!”Namjoon sighs. “I’m going to kick you all out of my car.” A pause. “Except Seokjin-hyung. Because I’m hungry and I need to be fed.”Seokjin rolls his eyes. “I feel the love.”(Thankfully, they all abide to Seokjin’s drinking rules and by the end of the night, they’re tipsy at best, but Seokjin still forces Hoseok and Namjoon to return by taxi instead of taking Namjoon’s car.)After they leave and everything is cleaned up, Seokjin joins Yoongi on the balcony. “What are you looking at?”Yoongi turns his head towards him. “Right now, you.”Seokjin huffs. “You know that’s not what I meant.” He directs his gaze upwards to the night sky, his eyes flitting between the stars shining through the darkness. “Hey, Yoongi.”“Yeah, hyung?”“Do you ever wonder?”“Wonder about what?”“About us. What we used to be. What could have happened instead if we weren’t so stubborn and prideful.”Seokjin can hear the frown in Yoongi’s voice. “But what good would that do? The past is gone, hyung. We can’t go back and change our decisions, and we’ll never know what might’ve happened if we did.”“But still,” Seokjin insists. “If you could go back and change something, what would you do?”There’s a beat of silence before Yoongi replies.“Nothing, hyung. I wouldn’t change anything.”Seokjin faces him and waits for his explanation.“I am who I am today because of the decisions I’ve made in the past, hyung,” Yoongi says. “There are some things that I regret, but I’ve learned a lot more that I would’ve if those things hadn’t happened. It’s not that I forget the past, but it’s not my focus when I go about living my life. My focus is the present and the future.”And that’s when Seokjin realizes. He’s been looking at the past all this time, remembering what used to be, what he used to have with Yoongi. But that’s exactly what’s stopping him from truly building something new with Yoongi right here, right now.He’s dwelled on the past for too long. Now, he’s ready to move on into the future. --- Seokjin walks with Yoongi as far as he can, past the luggage check-in and right up to the security control. They sit side by side in the waiting area for as long as possible while still ensuring that Yoongi wouldn’t miss his flight. But they don’t speak. Seokjin is fiddling with his fingers and Yoongi’s foot taps out a rhythm that seems vaguely familiar, but they don’t speak. Not until it’s finally, finally time for Yoongi to go.“Well, I—I guess this is goodbye,” Seokjin says as he stands, trying (and likely failing) to hide his disappointment. “Good luck with everything, Yoongi. I wish you well.”Yoongi nods and rises, eyes not meeting Seokjin’s as he turns to leave. Seokjin takes it as his cue to go as well, spinning around on his heels before anyone can catch the sight of a tear rolling down his cheek. The words in his heart stay unspoken, hanging in the air but escaping every attempt to hold onto them.
 I love you, Yoongi. 
“Seokjin-hyung!”The urgency in Yoongi’s voice stops Seokjin where he is, propelling him to turn back towards him. Suddenly, the younger is standing less than a metre away, eyes filled with a silent plea.He grips Seokjin’s sleeve in desperation. “Hyung, I—I graduate at the end of the semester, so please—wait for me. I . . . I love you, hyung.” He presses a hurried and chaste kiss to Seokjin’s lips and sets off without awaiting the elder’s response.Seokjin doesn’t get a chance to speak the words resounding in his mind before Yoongi becomes a dot in the distance, disappearing into the crowd as the line moves forward. With a shaky hand, he touches his lips, a feeling of nostalgia rushing back as he remembers the first kiss he shared with Yoongi.Except this time, instead of the sweetness of apples, he tastes a promise for the future—their  future.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you for sticking through all of my terribly slow updates till now, but I'd like to say that this story is not finished! I'll be posting an epilogue soon (hopefully) to wrap everything up and give Yoonjin the happy ending that I promised :)


Epilogue
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




At midnight exactly on December fourth, Seokjin receives a text from an unknown number containing an audio file and nothing else. Logically speaking, he definitely shouldn’t have opened it, but his curiosity gets the better of him and he does, after connecting his earbuds to the device.There are a few initial seconds of silence before the recording begins, and Yoongi’s deep voice resounds through his ears. “Hey, hyung.” He clears his throat. “Uh, assuming you received this on time, it should be just after midnight, so— Happy birthday, hyung. I really hope I’m the first one to say it this year—I remember that silly competition the kids and I used to have, trying to call you or text you exactly at twelve just to tell you  happy birthday  first.” You are, Seokjin wants to tell him.  You’ll always be first. “I’ve missed so many years and you don’t know how badly I wanted to be there beside you to celebrate and—God, hyung, you have no idea. Every year, when your birthday comes around, I’d wait till around the time we usually celebrate, and then I’d buy a cake and I’d sit in Central Park where I can see the stars. I’d sing the song to you while looking up at the sky, wishing and hoping that you could hear me.” A chuckle. “It’s like a fucking ritual. I’m just glad there aren’t many people in the park in the early morning, or I’d definitely have been reported.”Seokjin giggles at that, an image of Yoongi trying to conceal himself from the passersby and intimidate anyone who approaches with his glare forming in his mind.“The first year was the worst. I’ll spare you the details, hyung, but adjusting to America was difficult. I can’t count the number of times I thought about quitting and just flying back to Korea, but I couldn’t. Because every time, I would remember why we broke up and I thought,  I need to get through this. I need to survive. If I don’t, then what right do I have to go back and face him? ” You don’t need the right, Seokjin thinks.  I’d welcome you back in a heartbeat. A moment of quiet passes. Then, “That year, on your birthday, I broke down. I wanted to be back there, with Kook and the others, at the party that they’ve undoubtedly thrown; with our parents in our Daegu home; and with you, hyung. More than anything, I wanted to hear your voice, the sound of your laughter, and I wanted to be in your arms.”Something akin to a sob crackles through the earbuds and involuntarily, Seokjin winces.“That was the first time I tried to call you,” Yoongi continues after a short pause. “I wasn’t expecting you to hold a conversation once you realized it was me, but I thought it would be enough to even hear you say ‘hello.’ But all I got was an automated message telling me the number had been deactivated.” Because I didn’t think you would call anymore,  Seokjin thinks.  No, I guess I didn’t  want  you to call. “I think that was when I realized how badly I screwed up, hyung, and I couldn’t believe I didn’t see it earlier. All those months before, I thought you were only a call or a text away and I could reach you whenever I wanted to. I thought I hadn’t done anything wrong, so you should contact me first and apologize and then we’d make up.”Seokjin can almost hear the wry smile that’s surely present on Yoongi’s face as he speaks.“Hyung, I—I want to tell you that I’m sorry for thinking that way. I’m sorry for deciding on my own that I didn’t need to take any responsibility for our fight, and I’m sorry I didn’t try to talk to you earlier. I know you were only thinking about what’s best for me and I’m sorry for overreacting. I just couldn’t stand the idea of being so far away from you, hyung.” Another laugh. “Look at how well that turned out.” But I hurt you too, Seokjin realizes.  I betrayed your trust, even though I know better than anyone that it’s something you value deeply. I took advantage of my access to your compositions and made a decision for you that wasn’t within my rights to make, and I tried to tell you what to do with your life even though it’s yours alone. “I know that my apologies aren’t going make up for what’s already happened, and I can’t change the fact that I’ve already hurt you, but I really hope you’ll wait for me, hyung.” There’s some shuffling on the other side and the rustle of papers before Yoongi’s voice returns. “I'm going to play you a song, hyung. It's something I’m planning to use for my final eval, but I wanted you to hear it first. Because it’s about us.”Seokjin takes a deep breath, conscious of the tears that have made their way down his cheeks, and steels himself as silence takes over. But once the music begins, he finds that he couldn’t prepare himself enough for the onslaught of emotions that crash into him.No words could possibly describe how Seokjin is feeling as he listens to the slow beginning of a wistful melody, a little lost and hopeful, encased in nostalgic sorrow that lies beneath the building contentment. He may not be well-versed in music, but he’s spent enough time with Yoongi to understand what he’s conveying through the notes that flow from his fingertips. And here, Seokjin can feel every bit of their story, from their reunion to their separation at the airport.Then, abruptly, the music changes. The sadness of departure and determination to move forward is replaced by anticipation, then joy and happiness, which last even as the left hand harmony occasionally turns stormy. Seokjin closes his eyes and tries to visualize what Yoongi is thinking as he plays. Images of the two sitting in front of a piano together flash through his mind; of Yoongi wrapping his arms around Seokjin’s middle as he cooks; of Seokjin laughing at something Yoongi says and the faint smile that graces the latter’s lips; of their intertwined fingers as they stroll through the streets without a care for what others might think of them. But also images of the seven of them altogether, laughing backstage at a BTS concert, passing around soju in Seokjin’s living room, cheering for Yoongi after a performance.It’s their future, Seokjin realizes. This is what Yoongi wants them to look like, five, ten, twenty years from now, together and happy and surrounded by the people they love. They have their fair share of disagreements, Seokjin can tell, but at the end of the day, they’re with each other through it all.It’s a vision that Seokjin wants to make true.As the piece slows to a satisfied end, Seokjin lets a shaky breath that he’d unconsciously held escape. He doesn’t move. He doesn’t reopen his eyes. On the other end, Yoongi is silent as well, even long after the music stops.Then, quietly, he says, “Happy birthday, Seokjin-hyung.”The recording cuts off there. Seokjin half-expected Yoongi to explain the song, but he quickly realizes how foolish that would be. Yoongi knows that Seokjin would understand without needing the aid of words that can’t even dream to convey the emotions that he’s trying to share.And Seokjin does. He understands. --- The passing of winter is excruciatingly slow. Seokjin finds himself involuntarily turning his head towards his calendar whenever he’s in his room, wishing for the months to go by faster, for the snow to melt and the air to be filled with the warmth and freshness of spring. Seokjin has always enjoyed winter just as much as the next person—enough to appreciate the beauty of snowflakes but also curse the accompanying cold. But this season has never felt so long.He and Yoongi have kept in touch after the younger’s romantic gesture on Seokjin’s birthday, and despite still being unable to to meet, they’ve continually strengthened their relationship. On some levels, Seokjin would even say their current situation is better than if they were able to see each other at will, considering where they stand with each other now. The distance between them has given Seokjin time to figure out what he wants and whether or not their desires align, and he couldn’t be more grateful for that.When Yoongi’s birthday comes around, Seokjin doesn’t attempt to recreate the grand gesture that he received in December. Instead, he walks Yoongi through New York City (ironic, he knows) as if he’s there with him, taking him through all the date points they would visit and the jokes he would tell along the way. Due to the time difference, Seokjin can only be with him for a couple hours in the morning after he wakes up (evening in New York), but he tries to make the best of it and adheres to most of Yoongi’s demands. Most.(“No, Yoongi, we are  not  having phone sex right now—I need to be at work in half an hour.”)As March progresses, Seokjin’s question of when Yoongi will return surfaces more frequently. The latter never quite gives him an answer, only replying with things like how his professors need to grade his final assessments and there’s a lot of paperwork to be done, as well as job offers to sort out. Seokjin can’t help his disappointment, but he tries to be patient, even as April approaches and Yoongi still doesn’t give him a response that he’s looking for.It’s on one such day where Seokjin is staring at the number of crossed out days on the calendar that he receives an message from Namjoon.  Namjoon:   hyung, can you meet me in Tapgol Park in 30 min? got something to show you  It’s an odd request, considering they usual meet either in Namjoon’s studio or Seokjin’s restaurant, but he doesn’t question it too much. He tugs a sweater over his T-shirt before heading out, forgoing a coat for the sake of feeling the slight chill of the April breeze.Seokjin arrives a few minutes before the arranged time and seats himself on the first bench he sees, texting Namjoon to let him know he’s arrived. Almost immediately, Namjoon replies, though instead of a message, he sends a location for Seokjin without any further explanation.Although a bit more suspicious than he was earlier, Seokjin complies and weaves through the paths until his location matches the one Namjoon sent. He frowns when he doesn’t catch sight of the younger male, glancing around him in every direction until his eyes land on a particularly stunning cherry blossom tree, its flowers in full bloom, and—Oh.Seokjin’s eyes widen. Oh.His legs move of their own accord.In front of him, familiar hand lifts in a small wave.Seokjin stops a metre away, praying that his eyes aren’t deceiving him.From above, a single petal falls, landing between them.“Yoongi,” he breathes, taking a step forward as he reaches out instinctively.Yoongi wraps his arms around Seokjin’s waist as they lean their foreheads together. “Hi, hyung. I’m back.”Around them, the wind sends a shower of white and pink, capturing their moment in the beauty of spring. --- “Does this mean we need to start celebrating the first cherry blossoms now?” Seokjin inquires jokingly as they stare up at the stars, the cement of the roof cold against his back.“Anything you want, hyung,” Yoongi answers, locking their hands together between them.“In that case,” Seokjin starts, turning his head towards his boyfriend, “I believe I need to make some changes to my calendar.”



Chapter End Notes
Aaaaand we are finished! Thank you all so much for journeying with me through this story. This is, in fact, my first multi-chaptered work, and I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed bringing this to life! (I may or may not post an extra chapter in the future, depending on how much time I have to write it.)



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



