



Of Mistaken Identity And - itsbaekhyum - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Of Mistaken Identity And First Love(s)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/10842744.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Side Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster / Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga / ??? ;)
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - Instagram, Crack, One Shot, Mistaken Identity, or is it ;), Social Media, Fluff, Angst, (only the tiniest little amount for like 3 seconds), Whipped Jungkook, whipped taehyung, Evil Yoongi ;)
Stats:

        Published: 2017-05-07
        Words: 6017
      

Of Mistaken Identity And First Love(s)
by itsbaekhyum
Summary
Taehyung met Jungkook on Instagram, and everything about him is perfect. He's funny, he's cute, they have so much in common. It's too good to be true.
Which turns out to be true when Taehyung realises that he might have been crushing on the wrong guy this whole time.
Notes
Summary of this story - 
Jungkook: I love you so much you're the greatest thing to ever happen to me
fuck that's gay
Jungkook: jk lol
crushed it

          See the end of the work for more notes




Of Mistaken Identity And First Love(s)

It started, as most spectacular things tend to, in a completely unspectacular way.
@jeonjjk97 started following you on Instagram
Taehyung was pretty damn proud of his Instagram account, @kim_taetae. He'd managed to create the perfect balance of blurred selfies, coffee pics and videos of his dog that people seemed to really enjoy, because he'd collected almost six thousand followers during his two or so years using the app. He's not sure what drew his attention to this username in particular, but he was curious so he tapped the link with the intention of stalking the profile.
To his dismay, the account was on private, but from the looks of the bio the user was a boy and lived in Seoul just like Taehyung, the profile picture was a darkly lit photo of two boys. Cute, Taehyung thought, before leaving the profile and going on with his day, not giving the user another thought. 
Three days later, Taehyung posted a selfie to his account, a slightly burred picture of himself pouting on the bus on the way home. 'Those peek time commute feels' he (very cleverly thank you very much) captioned it. He received a lot of the normal comments, 'you're so cute' or 'notice me taetae', but one comment stood out among the rest.  
@jeokjjk97: get home safe and rest up!! :)
Who was this guy anyway? And why was he making Taehyung's heart flutter with one silly little comment (it wasn't silly, Taehyung thought it was really sweet). He reminded himself to tell his best friend, Yoongi, about the account when he finally got to his house. 
On arriving home however, the first thing he saw as he opened the door was Namjoon, crouching down on the floor, staring glassy eyed at a massive mess of food and broken plates that surrounded him. With the scream of "Kim Namjoon I am honest to god breaking up with you right now!" from Seokjin as he left the kitchen and saw the mess his boyfriend had made, the cute comment from the mysterious account was forgotten.
 
Over the next few weeks, Taehyung noticed that @jeonjjk97 was liking all of his photos pretty consistently, but he hadn't made another comment after the first one, so Taehyung figured he was probably just overreacting a little. He supposed every little thing in life didn't have to be amazing and life changing right? The dream about this jjk person being his soulmate was completely ridiculous right? Probably.
But maybe it wasn't.
Quickly searching the username he had quickly (and embarrassingly, Yoongi would add) memorised, Taehyung hit the follow button. The account was private, so Taehyung waited, refreshing the page every few minutes to see if his request had been approved yet, but after 45 minutes of pathetic waiting, he gave up. Maybe this jjk person just didn't have their phone with them.  
Later that night, Taehyung posted a selfie. It wasn't as blurred as his normal pictures, but he liked it because he thought that his eyes looked quite nice in the lighting. He was almost immediately bombarded with comments and likes, boys and girls alike commenting on how hot he looked. Which was flattering, he guessed, definitely helped inflate his ego a little, but they were all a little shallow. That was, until;
@jeonjjk97: you look really beautiful, you should post pictures like this more often
Taehyung didn't squeal. He. Did. Not. Shut the hell up Yoongi. He just coughed, or something. He had some bread caught in his throat. He was just stopping himself from choking. 
@kim_taetae: @jeonjjk97 thank you :))))) 
@jeonjjk97: you're welcome :)  
On checking @jeonjjk97's profile, Taehyung noted with delight that his request had been accepted.
 
Okay, so small problem. Taehyung had been stalking the profile now for about 20 minutes, and mostly the feed was really nice. This jjk person obviously had an interest in photography, a lot of the pictures posted looked like they had been taken using a decent camera, and were edited so they all looked really bright and pretty and Taehyung really liked them, but what Taehyung liked more were the selfies. God damn, this guy was fine as hell! At least, he assumed he was. There weren't many photos of the guy, and all of the selfies had at least two boys in them. The boy Taehyung assumed was Jungkook (his name was Jungkook he saw it in one of the comments! What a cute name!!) was always holding the camera, and another boy, who Taehyung had discovered was named Jimin. Taehyung was almost a tiny small little but practically noticeably jealous of this Jimin person for a millisecond there, but with his amazing stalking skills, he had determined the two were only best friends. Nice.
Now Jimin was cute, bright orange hair that really suited his tanned complexion, a little short but seemingly toned, nice eyes. But Jungkook. Jungkook. He was gorgeous. Tall, fluffy dark brown hair, big doe eyes framed with long, dark eye lashes, pink pink lips, beautiful fair skin, lean, adorable, beautiful. Taehyung almost felt a little self conscious that this human god had seen his terrible selfies, but then it hit his like a train that oh my god, this guy thinks I'm beautiful holy shit. This time, he'll admit it, he totally screamed. 
 
It went on for a few of weeks like that, Jungkook liked any photo Taehyung posted, sometimes leaving a cute little comment that Taehyung always replied too, and Taehyung liked every photo Jungkook posted. He just hadn't gotten the nerve up to comment on one yet.
It wasn't like Taehyung was a shy guy, he was the complete opposite, in fact he had made plenty of online friends through Instagram by just commenting on pictures that he liked, but for some reason Jungkook was different. Jungkook just oozed kindness and sweetness and if Taehyung was being completely honest with himself, he was pretty sure he was falling just the tiniest bit in love with the guy and wasn't that a terrifying thought. 
The sound of a notification broke Taehyung out of his trance. Jungkook had just posted a photo (yes Taehyung had him on post notifications, sue him) and oh dear god. It was a selfie. 'Dance practise kills' the caption read, and Taehyung almost died when the photo finally loaded. Jimin was in the front of the shot, smiling really wide so that his eyes were almost shut, sweat obvious on his face and shoulders. He was shirtless, which you know, it was nice, but Jungkook was in a singlet and somehow that was so much better. And Damn. God. Damn. He was ripped. Those arms, those shoulders. It took all the reserve Taehyung had not to comment egg plant and flame emoji's that's for sure. But no. Taehyung could not let his thirst show. If his master plan to marry Jungkook was going to play out in the long run, he had to wait for a better moment to make his first comment. Instead, he decided to read the other comments on the photo and tried (read; failed) to not get jealous of the few people who commented and got cute replies.
 
It was almost two weeks later that Jungkook (finally) posted another selfie. This time, he was holding the camera (as he usually was in most of the pictures), and he looked precious. He was with Jimin again, and another boy with such a bright smile it reminded Taehyung of sunshine. The caption read 'regional's here we come!' and Taehyung couldn't help but smile. At least the dance practise selfie that Taehyung had lost sleep over had been for a good reason.
@kim_taetae: good luck!! You look cute :))
Crushed it.
The reply came almost immediately.
@jeonjjk97: @kim_taetae oh my gosh.. thank you. I was really nervous but I feel better now thanks to you 
Cute, cute, cute, Taehyung repeated like a mantra in his head. How on earth was Jungkook so god damn cute. He was adorable. He was a blessing. Taehyung wanted to make out with him a little bit (a lot).  
@kim_taetae: I'm glad! Let me know how it goes :) 
For a split second after he hit sent, Taehyung was terrified. Was it too risky? It's not like he and Jungkook were friends or even acquaintances. There were just strangers really (no they weren't, Taehyung's brain supplied unhelpfully) and it was really none of Taehyung's business how the dance competition went. He should have just waited for Jungkook to post another photo about it and find out that way like a normal loser stalker. Maybe he could just block Jungkook and put his account on private or something, that way-
Oh, Jungkook replied.
@jeonjjk97: I will! :) @kim_taetae
 
Two days later, as Taehyung was leaving the library after a brain numbing study session, his phone went off, an Instagram alert.
@jeonjjk97 has sent you a direct message
Cool, Taehyung thought, he loved it when one of his followers sent him a cute dm, it made him feel special. He'd just reply when he got home, surely they could wait a little longer. What was there name, @jeonj-
Holy shit.
Holy shit.
Jungkook just sent him a direct massage. Jeon Jungkook. The boy he had been thirsting over since the first time he saw him a few months ago messaged him. Slipped into his dm's like hey, what's up. Taehyung had never unlocked his phone so quickly in his entire life.
@jeonjjk97: hey Taehyung 
Simple, straight to the point. Taehyung liked it, he could work with this.
@kim_taetae: hi Jungkook! How did the competition go? I'm sure you did well :)))
@jeonjjk97: thank you :) we won actually
@kim_taetae: you did!!! That's awesome Jungkook congrats! Could you feel me cheering for you :)
@jeonjjk97: ahh yes I did, that's actually why we won
Was Jungkook flirting with him?
@jeonjjk97: ...I'll have to make it up to you somehow haha
Jungkook was definitely flirting with him. 
Hell to the yeah. 
@jeonjjk97: god sorry that was lame. I'm sorry
@kim_taetae: nah that's okay Jungkook!! You'll have to post some video's of that dance, I'd like to see it! :) 
@jeonjjk97: will do
@kim_taetae: I look forward to it :))))))) 
Jungkook left Taehyung on read, which was a little bit annoying, but later that night, when Jungkook posted a video to his account Taehyung counted it as a win.
 
@jeonjjk97: winners!!! @kim_taetae :)
@kim_taetae: you're welcome ;)
@park.jimbles: ^^^^
@jeonjjk97: :) @kim_taetae :( @park.jimbles 
 
Taehyung spent the next three days arguing with himself on whether or not he should message Jungkook again. Was he being too thirsty? Probably. But this guy lived in the same city as him and was totally cute and boyfriend (or even just friend if he had to settle) material and if Taehyung just manned up and talked to him they could probably be hanging out right now. Instead, Taehyung was alone in his bedroom, internal battle raging. In the end, the thirst won.
@kim_taetae: hey Jungkook :) how was your day?
Twenty minutes later, nothing. 
Half an hour, nothing. 
One hour, nothing. 
Three hours... nothing. Taehyung was just about ready to end it all when-
@jeonjjk97 has sent you a direct message
Oh thank you sweet baby Jesus.
@jeonjjk97: Taehyung I'm sorry this is so late. I was at dance practise and I never have data I'm sorry :/  
@kim_taetae: that's okay it happens :)
@jeonjjk97: oh you're still awake
@kim_taetae: yes and so are you :p
@jeonjjk97: of course, I'm sorry. I just thought you'd be asleep its almost midnight. I'm sorry, did I wake you?
@kim_taetae: no Jungkook you didn't wake me :) stop apologising it's fine silly
@jeonjjk97: ah haha okay. How was your day Tae
@jeonjjk97: Taehyung
@jeonjjk97: sorry 
@kim_taetae: you can call me Tae I don't mind :) My day was really good!! I only had one class so I'm not too brain dead haha. Plus two of my house mates are away and my third is on a date! House all to my self :) perfect for naps 
@jeonjjk97: ah sounds nice Tae :) you said class? Uni? What's your major?
@kim_taetae: I'm studying to be a primary school teacher! 2nd year :)
@jeonjjk97: makes sense, that suits you
@kim_taetae: oh really? :p
@jeonjjk97: sorry was that weird? I'm sorry I always say stupid shit
Was that weird? Considering they had never actually met in person, maybe it was. But Taehyung was weird. Taehyung took the crown when it came to weird. Taehyung loved weird.
@kim_taetae: NO! It was really cute Jungkook 

@kim_taetae I don't think you're weird Jungkook. I like talking to you :)


@kim_taetae: jungkooooook


@kim_taetae: you can't leave yet, you haven't even told me about your day


@jeonjjk97: sorry Tae I'm here


@jeonjjk97: my day started out really good, now it's... amazing


@kim_taetae: oh- why? :) 


@jeonjjk97: because I'm talking to you


Cute, cute, cute, cute, cute. 


This boy was too cute for his own good, he was going to kill Taehyung for sure.


@jeonjjk97: that's so stupid sorry haha


@jeonjjk97: I'm just really tired right now sorry


@kim_taetae: don't be sorry! I feel the same :)


@kim_taetae: you should sleep if you're tired though.. goodnight :)


@jeonjjk97: ah right. Night


The answer was a little disappointing, and for just one second, Taehyung was disheartened, until-


@jeonjjk97: would it be weird if I messaged you again tomorrow


@kim_taetae: definitely not








They spoke every now and then, one and off, for a few weeks after that. It was nice, of course. Taehyung loved talking to Jungkook now and then. But if he was being completely honest, he was always hoping that one day, it could turn into something more.








One night, quite late, Taehyung got a dm from Jungkook, and suddenly everything changed.


@jeonjjk97: can I tell you something...


Was this a booty call?!? was the first thought that popped into his head.


Does he want to stop talking to me? was the second.


Turns out, it was none of the above.


@jeonjjk97: I think you're really cute... I've kind of had a crush on you for a while?


@jeonjjk97: and yeah, you're so sweet and awesome and I just wanted to let you know that just incase maybe you felt the same way even though of cousre no pressure or whatever!! At all.


@jeonjjk97: yeah


@jeonjjk97: I can't believe I actually let Jimin talk me into saying that


@jeonjjk97: I'm sorry Tae I get it if you don't want to talk to me anymore


@jeonjjk97: sorry


So many thoughts spread through Taehyung's mind on reading those messages, but one stood out amongst the others.


Finally.


@kim_taetae: JUNGKOOK I HAVE LITERALLY BEEN THIRSTING OVER U SINCE I FOLLOWED U OKAY U ARE FINE AS HELL AND SO CUTE AND SWEET NICE AND 100% BF MATERIAL AND I LOW KEY WANNA MARRY U


@jeonjjk97: for real? ...fuck can I call you


@kim_taetae: XXXX-XXX_XXX  


And that was how Kim Taehyung got a call from Jeon Jungkook at quarter past twelve in the morning. 


"Taehyung?" said the voice broke through the otherwise silent expanse of Taehyung's room, and god damn, that was a nice voice. Higher than Taehyung expected it to be, but sweet, smooth, it suited Jungkook.


"Yeah, hey Jungkook." Taehyung croaked, voice left unused for the hours he had been in his room alone. He heard Jungkook suck in a breath on the other end of the line.


"Wow, umm, you're voice is really deep. Its so- umm- it's nice," Jungkook stuttered, Taehyung couldn't help the giggle that slipped past his lips, and Jungkook groaned. 


"God was that a giggle. Oh my god you're so gorgeous I can't even begin to- just wow." he said. Taehyung giggled again, feeling a slight blush spread across his cheeks.


"You're wow," he quipped back, "you're voice is so nice, I bet you're a really good singer. Even your talking kinda sounds like singing."<


"I umm, I sing sometimes." Jungkook mumbled. Taehyung was ecstatic.


"Oh you do? Jungkook you have to sing to me, please won't you!" Taehyung sang out, voice light and borderline begging. Jungkook laughed nervously.


"I um, can we just talk for a while first? And then I promise I'll sing." he whispered. And talk they did. 


Taehyung told Jungkook everything about himself, and learnt that Jungkook was a dance major, vocal minor, at the performing arts collage not too far away from the university Taehyung attended, he lived with his two best friends, Jimin and Hoseok (that sun shine boy from one of Jungkook's posts), was an only child, grew up in Busan, was two years younger than Taehyung, loves dogs (hell yeah), was a little bit of an insomniac, and was painfully shy. 'I never do this' he repeated, and Taehyung was a little disheartened so he asked him if he wanted to stop. Jungkook's reply of 'hell no' brought warmth to his heart.


They talked until almost three in the morning, until Taehyung could barely keep his eyes open, and when it was finally time to say goodnight, Jungkook kept his promise and sung Taehyung to sleep.  










XXXX-XXX-XXX
Hey Taehyung, just making sure you had my number :)










Taehyung
Yes, of course I do silly. You called me yesterday remember :p








My Kookie <3
right.. duh sorry








Taehyung
that's okayyyy! How are you???
what are you doing~ :)
      
    
  





My Kookie <3
bus
on the way to dance practice 
      
    
  





Taehyung
HAVE FUN!!
send me a selfie when ur done
u look cute after dance practice ;)
      
    
  





My Kookie <3
I will... maybe








Taehyung
PLEEAASEEEE <3 <3
I miss seeing your face :(
      
    
  





My Kookie <3
i guess i can...
on one condition
      
    
  





Taehyung
WHAT IS ITTT








My Kookie <3
send me a selfie first 








Taehyung
*image attached*








My Kookie <3
wow
ur so cute
who are you
you look so nice
should I make that my screen saver?
I should
      
    
  





Taehyung
DO IT BABE








My Kookie <3
*image attached*
did it
... did you just call me babe?
      
    
  





Taehyung
yah... is that bad???? 








My Kookie <3
NO
I like it!
can I call you babe too?
      
    
  





Taehyung
OF COURSE <3 <3 <3








My Kookie <3
okay baby
talk later?
      
    
  





Tae <3
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
I'll be waiting for that pic ;)
      
    
  





 








My Kookie <3
Good Morning baby :)








Tae <3
GOOD MORNING KOOKIE
have a good day xx
      
    
  





 









*2 missed calls from My Kookie <3*









My Kookie <3
babe pick up
I just saw a really cute dog I want to tell you about it
      
    
  





Tae <3
god you're perfect








 








My Kookie <3
bad day :(








Tae <3
what can I do baby?? do you want me to call you xxx








My Kookie <3
send me a selfie?








Tae <3
*image attached*








My Kookie <3
so beautiful
thank you tae
you always make me feel better
      
    
  





Tae <3
did you make it your screen saver?








My Kookie <3
yeh








Tae <3
I'll call you later baby <3 <3
rest up
I hate it when you're sad :(
      
    
  





My Kookie <3
I'm not sad anymore if I'm talking to you








 








Tae <3
I ate a cookie today and it reminded me of you








My Kookie <3
ah my weirdo
so cute
so pure
      
    
  





Tae <3
shut up








 








My Kookie <3
*image attached*
^^ babe look at this
      
    
  





Tae <3
lol








My Kookie <3
lol








 








Tae <3
Good night baby <3 sleep well
dream of me~
      
    
  





My Kookie <3
I do
Goodnight Taehyung
      
    
  

It was a few weeks later, Taehyung and Jungkook had been sending each other text messages every day, not always something too big or too personal, just enough to check in on each other, and talking on the phone two or three times a week, which was enough for Taehyung to solidify the idea in his mind that Jungkook was the sweetest person on the entire planet an way too good to be true, when it happened. And he thought they were kind of dating. Probably? Taehyung definitely wanted Jungkook to be his boyfriend, and he was pretty sure the younger boy felt the same way. But it was kinda hard to tell. They hadn't had the chance to meet up in person yet, there schedules always seeming to not match up, sometimes even if they did match Jungkook made up an excuse, but Taehyung just pegged it on Jungkook being too shy.
He was going to wait until Jungkook was more comfortable, but he just couldn't wait any longer.
hey were texting one morning before class, when Taehyung brought it up.




Tae <3
Kookie why haven't we met yet? I want to talk to you in person :(




The reply took so long to come back, Taehyung would have thought Jungkook had fallen asleep if it hadn't been for the fact Taehyung knew Jungkook never slept this early.




My Kookie <3
I'm sorry Tae :( I'm just so nervous to meet you because I look better in photo's and I'm scared you won't like me any more. I'm sorry I'm being stupid








Tae <3
You are being stupid, I'd like you no matter what you look like!!!! It just happens to be a massive bonus that you're so cute! Honestly Kook, how do you know I don't edit my photo's huh? 








My Kookie <3
Tae you're just so out of my league~








Tae <3
Kook you're out of my league, trust me. I'm a total loser :p 








My Kookie <3
I'm not. That's why I always take selfies with Jimin haha. He bumps up the photo's hotness








Tae <3
Kookie babe, like no offence to Jimin or whatever, but you're way hotter than he is.








Tae <3
WAYYYYYY hotter 








Tae <3
I could fry an egg on you babe








My Kookie <3
Taehyung shut up. He's the hot friend okay. That's why I get him to take all the photos




And then it hit him. Jungkook always took the photos. Jungkook was always at the front so that means he was the one holding the camera right?




Tae <3
Jimin takes them?








My Kookie <3
Yeah.. why?




Oh dear lord. Jimin was Jungkook. Jungkook was Jimin. He'd mixed the two up. The tall, fair beautiful man he thought he was maybe possibly (completely, deeply) falling in love with wasn't even Jungkook, Holy shit. Holy shit.




Tae <3
No reason Kookie. Gimme a second I'll brb. Nothing's wrong I promise, Yoongi just got home








My Kookie <3
kay 








Tae <3
I'll call you okay, I want to hear your voice before I go to sleep





Fuck.

 
It's times like these Taehyung is really glad he met Seokjin, the ultimate mum friend. He was smart, he was kind, and he didn't judge, which was miracle enough considering how much time he spent around Taehyung and Yoongi (the pair seemed to attract weirdness). At times when Yoongi's advice just wasn't enough, Seokjin was there.
Seokjin could fix anything.
Probably.
After a stressed out Taehyung and a exasperated Yoongi explained the entire situation, and Seokjin had lectured Taehyung on stranger danger, 'you don't give out your phone number to random strangers on the internet Taehyung what the hell', the older boy smiled sweetly.
"Why is this a problem?" the older boy asked. Taehyung damn near lost his mind.
"WHY? Jinnie did you even hear me? I've totally been thirsting over the wrong guy this whole time! I've been cheating on Jungkook!"
Yoongi snorted. Why was he even Taehyung's best friend? Taehyung couldn't think of a single reason.
(He could think of many reasons.)
"Taehyung, tell me your favourite things about Jungkook." Seokjin said sweetly. Taehyung blushed a little bit.
"Uh, okay. He's really sweet and kind and stuff. He always asks me how my day was and wishes my goodnight and, yeah and he's funny, and kinda shy which is really cute. He likes dancing, and-OH Jin he loves dogs! We could adopt a dog together! And he makes me smile, he makes me really happy." Taehyung replied. Seokjin's smile widened.
"Okay Tae, so think of all those things. Do any of them change now that you know Jungkook looks different?" he asked.
Huh.
Why didn't he think of that.
"No they don't." Taehyung said.
"So why should anything change? Just keep going the way you have been. Nothing has to change about how you feel about him." Seokjin said, absolutely beaming.
"And you didn't cheat on Jungkook loser, just because you think his friend is hot." Yoongi groaned. 
"Yeah okay but I did have this one dream where Jimin su-"
"DON'T TELL JUNGKOOK THAT!" Yoongi and Seokjin screamed together.
 
Finally coming back to his room, Taehyung picked up his phone and felt a little guilty when he saw the missed call from Jungkook. He shouldn't have left him hanging like that. He was so lucky to have someone like Jungkook who liked him. Nothing changed. Jungkook was still absolutely gorgeous. He was. This stupid crush on the wrong guy would go away because Taehyung hadn't fallen in love with Jungkook's face, he had fallen in love with his words. His voice. He called Jungkook back right away.
"Tae." Jungkook mumbled as he picked up the phone. Taehyung's heart swelled. He really loved this boy.
"Kookie I'm sorry I left you waiting, it was-." He began, but Jungkook cut him off.
"I'm so sorry Tae, please let me make it up to you." he groaned. Taehyung was confused, of course he was, it was him who should have been apologising, not Jungkook.
"Tae please. Let's meet up today. I'll do whatever you want to do Tae, please. Whenever. I'll skip class. Let's just meet up." the younger boy said in a rush, sounding a little panicked.
Kookie calm down. You don't have to apologise about anything, honestly it's not you, it's me-" Taehyung.
"Don't! Don't break up with me!" Jungkook screeched.

What?

"Kookie what? I'm not. What are you talking about." 
"You just said its not me, its you and that's not true. It's is me Tae but I promise-"
"Jungkook stop!" Taehyung yelled with a laugh. "Jungkook stop it I was just trying to say I should be the one apologising. I love you, I'm not going to break up with you."
"Let's just meet today and I'll make it- wait what." Jungkook stuttered. 
"I said I love you."
"I- wait what? What? Fuck are you serious. Tae, I love you too. Shit- I-I, Tae you scared me." Jungkook said.
The relief in Jungkook's voice made Taehyung feel just the slightest bit guilty, and he silently promised he would never Jungkook doubt how much he loved him ever again, but mostly he was ecstatic. It was finally happening. They were going to meet. 
"Uh so, are you free for lunch? We could, like, there is this cafe I really like. I'll text you the address and stuff. Meet in like an hour or something if you can come. And like, maybe Jimin can come too? And Yoongi? Is that weird. I'm so nervous." Jungkook said in a rush, sentence breaking off into a nervous laugh. 
"That's fine Jungkook! I'll see you soon. I'm so excited Kookie! Don't be nervous." Taehyung sung, absolutely, completely on top of the world.
Until he realised. Jimin would be there. Would that be weird? What if he freaked the fuck out and screamed 'Jungkook I love you but your best friend is super fine, that ass is hot as hell and I may or may not have fantasised about him kissing me before, a lot' at the top of his lungs. What if he ruined it?

He wouldn't.

Jin was right, what he looked like didn't matter. And it wasn't like Jungkook wasn't cute. That orange hair really suits him. Everything is chill. 
"Tae-?" Jungkook said.
"Tae are you still there?"
God damn it.
"Uh- yeah Kookie. Sorry what did you say." he asked, slightly breathless at the idea of finally seeing Jungkook in person, no matter what he looked like.
Jungkook let out a long sigh, drew in a deep breath, and repeated himself.
"Could you like, maybe, this is so stupid ohmygodhthisis-"
"Jungkook babe whatever it is, it's not stupid. Tell me." he said with a smile he hoped Jungkook could hear over the phone through his voice.
"Uh, could you maybe. I'll text you when I get there and can you close your eyes?"
"Close my eyes babe? You don't have to worry I think you're gorgeous." Taehyung reassured the younger.
"I, Tae, I really want to kiss you? If that's okay? But I'm nervous so..."
Oh.

Oh.

Kissing Jungkook? Yes please.
"Yeah Kookie if you want. I'll close my eyes." he said, positively beaming. His smile could probably be seen from outer space.
"So, I can kiss you?" Jungkook asked.
"Yes you can kiss me." Taehyung replied.
"Awesome."
"Awesome indeed."
 
45 minutes later, Taehyung and Yoongi were sitting across from each other in a cosy booth, waiting for Jungkook and Jimin to arrive to the cafe Jungkook had suggested. Yoongi had been making eyes at the barista for approximately 4.5 of the 5 minutes they had been sitting down, but Taehyung had been too preoccupied with the promise of finally kissing Jungkook holy fucking shit to turn around and see what he looked like. He was probably cute, Yoongi had good taste. Not as good as Taehyung's taste. But still good.
"Oh god Yoongi what if I fuck this up?" Taehyung groaned again for the 6th time. Yoongi rolled his eyes again (for the 6th time).
"You won't, trust me." Yoongi replied, not taking his eye's off the barista for a second. God damn. That better be a really hot barista or Taehyung was dumping Yoongi as his best friend. Friendship over. Cancelled. 
"How do you knoooooooooooow?" Taehyung whinned. Yoongi finally made eye contact with him.
"Let's just say I have information that supports my statement." he said.
"Yoongi I swear to god what the fuck does that even mean, I really need you to- FUCK he texted me! Holy crap Yoongles! Close your eyes!" Taehyung screeched.
Yoongi rolled his eyes again.
"How about you close your eyes, and I text Jungkook telling him its safe to come in huh genius?" he drawled. 
Fair point.
Taehyung handed his phone over to Yoongi and closed his eyes.
The next few seconds were excruciating but finally, finally, Taehyung felt the seat dip beside him.
"Hey." a beautiful voice croaked. Jungkook's voice. It took everything Taehyung had in him not to open his eyes then and there, but he really didn;t want to make Jungkook any more uncomfortable than he probably already was, so they stayed shut.
"Hey Kookie." he said instead. He could feel the younger boy's breath on his cheek.
"Can I, you know..." Jungkook began.
"Just kiss already." Yoongi, and another voice that Taehyung presumed to be Jimin snapped. Huh. Jungkook's voice was way nicer than Jimin's. Take that stupid crush. Jungkook's voice is hot af.
It was silent for a moment, and then Taehyung felt Jungkook's hands on his cheeks. Damn, those hands were pretty big considering Jungkook was shorter than him by quite a lot. Weird.
Not important Taehyung, Jungkook is about to kiss you for gods sake, stop thinking about his big hands.
More silence, and then suddenly, finally Jungkook was kissing him and it was absolutely perfect.
Jungkook's lips were soft and warm against his own, which were slightly chapped from the windy weather that had currently been unfolding. The kiss was sweet and gentle, at first only a soft press of closed lip on closed lip, until Taehyung gasped quietly and Jungkook took that as an invitation to gently suck Taehyung's bottom lip into his own mouth. Taehyung was more than happy that he had. After a perfect eternity (which was probably no longer than 10 seconds) Jungkook pulled back slowly with a high, quiet little giggle. God Taehyung was so gone for him.
"You can open your eyes now baby." Jungkook practically sung, wrapping his arm around Taehyung's shoulder and pulling him snug against his chest.
Shy Jungkook had apparently disappeared with the kiss, and Taehyung was not complaining.
When Taehyung opened his eyes, a few things went down.
Firstly, he made eye contact with Yoongi, who was wearing the biggest, stupidest, shit eating grin Taehyung had ever seen on another human being. Secondly, he looked at Jimin, who was sitting next to Yoongi with an equally stupid grin on his face but he wasn't looking at Taehyung, he was looking at Jungkook except Jimin had orange hair and cute, squinty little eyes and holy mother fucking shit if that was Jimin, then the tall, dark and handsome god that Taehyung had been thirsting over really was his Jungkook and-
"You fucking knew didn't you, you piece of shit." Taehyung gasped, burring himself further in Jungkook's chest and shooting his meanest (or cutest, as Yoongi would say) look in his EX-best friend's direction. 
"Babe?" Jungkook asked, shocked, as Yoongi started laughing hysterically. 
"What's so funny Minmin?" Jimin asked.
What. The. Fuck.
"Why did you call him that?" Taehyung basically screamed in Jimin's direction. Jungkook tightened his arms around his shoulders protectively, completely unaware of what was unfolding before him but (if he was being totally honest) he was more than happy to just sit here in silence and hug his Taehyung for a while (read. as long as he was allowed too).
Jimin looked as shocked as Taehyung assumed Jungkook felt.
But he could explain later.
Or never.
Yeah, never sounds great.
"He said I could when we met up for coffee last week?" Jimin replied. Yoongi started laughing even harder.
"YOU'VE MET BEFORE!" Taehyung screeched.
He possibly was having an aneurysm.
"What's going on babe?" another voice added and NO NO NO Taehyung could not handle any more plot twists but when he turned his head slightly (which was still pillowed on Jungkook's chest) he was met with the sight of Hoseok, Jungkook's sunshine friend from his dance team, and Hoseok was wearing a barista uniform and he had just called Yoongi babe and-
"I NEED TO GO!" Taehyung yelled at no one in particular.
"No!" Yoongi gasped, barely keeping himself from dissolving back into uncontrollable laughter, "explain to everyone wh-what's so, so fucking f-f-funny."
And with that, Yoongi bent forward and started laughing into his arm again. Hoseok was smiling at him fondly and NO Taehyung needed to go.
"You're a piece of shit, Min Yoongi, and our friendship is cancelled. I swear to god if you ever tell anyone what happ-" Taehyung began.
"He already told me." Hoseok said with a bright smile.
Fuck.
"Can someone tell me?" Jimin asked.
"Oh shit yeah chim, so get this right. Taehyung got so confused last night and thought that you were act-" Hoseok began and no. Not today Satan.
"Jungkook we're leaving!" Taehyung shouted, half jumping, half rolling across Jungkook so that he was standing next to Hoseok outside of the booth. In a moment of pettiness he shoved Hoseok to the side before reaching out and grabbing Jungkook's hand and... wow, Jungkook has really nice hands. And eyes. The photo's really didn't do his eyes justice. They're really sparkling in this lighting. And his lips look so god damn kissable. We should totally make out when we get out of- oh right. Leaving.
"'kay baby." Jungkook mumbled, standing up and following after his adorable boyfriend. 
(Yes... Jungkook found this story adorable. Even to this day, after Yoongi locked Taehyung in the bathroom and told Jungkook the whole thing... Jeon Jungkook still finds Kim Taehyung adorable. It is a scientific mystery the world may never understand.)
Hand in hand, they ran out of the coffee store, all the way back to Taehyung's apartment.
 
Jungkook did have half a mind to ask Taehyung to explain what had been happening in the coffee store for a second there. But honestly.
There are better things that can be done with your lips.
 
 
 
(Just ask Seokjin and Namjoon, who were trapped in the bathroom the entire time, too scared to leave because leaving meant the risk of seeing what was currently unfolding in the lounge room. But that's another story.)
 
The End



Afterword


End Notes
tee hee
Thanks for reading!! I hope you enjoyed this mess I wrote instead of studying for my finals
If you enjoyed this, check out my current chaptered work, "My Soul (It's Yours)" available here!!! http://archiveofourown.org/works/9808451/chapters/22024598
Come scream @ me on tumblr: http://itsbaekhyum.tumblr.com/ 
 
I might do a second part of this if anyone ends up enjoying this (maybe SoPe????) but as of now, it's just a one shot :)


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



