



Old Married Couple - IsabellaJack - Captain America Movies
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Old Married Couple
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/15393138.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Fandom:
Captain America (Movies)
Relationship:
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Character:
James "Bucky" Barnes, Steve Rogers
Additional Tags:
Fluff, Cute, Domestic Fluff, Domesticity, Light Smut, Drabbles, Mild Smut, Funny, Silly, Married Life
Stats:

        Published: 2018-07-22
          Completed: 2020-09-04
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 9466
      

Old Married Couple
by IsabellaJack
Summary
Steve and Bucky are just like any other old married couple. Most of the time.
Notes
These are short drabbles that I posted on my Tumblr during the period of ten days as a challenge for myself and my writing energy. It was so nice to get to write a short short fic everyday. I decided to post them all here. Enjoy.

          See the end of the work for more notes





1st Edition



    
1.
 Steve is sketching in their living room when the door to their place opens and closes.“Honeyyyyy, I’m home!” Bucky yells.“I don’t know why you have to scream, Buck. Super soldier, remember?”Bucky grumbles and then apparently heads to the kitchen because he doesn’t throw himself at Steve like usual after every mission.Bucky is hungry then.Steve winces when the door of the fridge slams shut. Loudly. Irresponsibly.“Where the fuck is the milk, Steve?”Steve frowns and then bites his lip trying to figure out why his boyfriend wants to drink milk.“In…the fridge?” Steve shrinks in the couch, waiting for Bucky to show up.He doesn’t.So Steve turns and drapes his arm over the back of the couch and finds Bucky standing near the kitchen, hands on hips. There are cuts on his face, dirt on his boots and weapons all over him.But his eyes are the lethal ones.“I thought I told you to get milk,” Bucky says through gritted teeth.Steve is trying to remember that list but says anyway, “I did.”Bucky tilts his head aside. “No. You didn’t.”“Are you sure you put it on the list, Buck?”Bucky gives him a cold deadly look and Steve is hoping for the best now.“I need to drink some fucking milk, Steve!”“Since when do you drink milk?” Steve asks incredulously.“I drink it plenty!”“No, you don’t.”“Yes, I do!”“Alright, I’ll go get you some,” Steve huffs.“It’s no use now.” Bucky throws his arms in the air. “Maybe next time I’ll go grocery shopping.”“Fine!”“FINE!” Bucky stomps to the bedroom and shuts the door.Steve shakes his head and then yells, “I love you.”“I LOVE YOU TOO.” And then the door to their room opens, Bucky asking, “Shower?”Steve puts away his sketchbook and runs all the way to their room.  
2.
 Steve is throwing his shield at the zombie aliens left and then receiving it back to throw it to his right when he hears Bucky’s “Oh shit!” through his earpiece.Breathless, Steve responds, “Buck? What is it?”There’s static and Steve’s heart falls. And in that moment the evil doctor who summoned those zombie aliens shows up.Steve wants to ask him to delay his attack a bit so he can check if his boyfriend is-“BUCKY?!”“Yeah! Jesus, don’t scream.”“What’s wrong? You alright?”The evil doctor spreads his arms wide. “I have come to conquer, to…”Steve is trying to tune him out. “Why did you say ‘Oh shit’?”“Uhhhh…I….”“Buck?” Steve is worried now and technically it’s not the time-“I think I left the oven on.”Steve stops and straightens up, forgetting all that’s around him. “What?”“I said I think I left the oven on,” Bucky repeats.“Fuckin move, Cap,” Sam shouts.Steve ducks when a laser beam almost takes his head off. Then he goes back to standing up, holding the earpiece in place. “That’s it! You scared me!”“You’re both scaring me!” Sam yells.Steve looks around and ducks again before throwing his shield right through five zombie aliens, knocking them at once.“Why on earth were you using the oven?”“I made cupcakes for you and left them in our bedroom for when we get back.” Bucky groans and yells as he apparently fights more aliens.Steve’s heart flutters and he smiles wide as he marches to the evil doctor, shield ahead.“Can’t wait to taste them!”  3. They’re both sitting on the sofa. Steve sketching and Bucky reading a book.Their feet are both on the coffee table.“Why do you keep stealing my socks?” Steve asks, eyes focused on his sketchbook.Without looking up, Bucky answers, “Because I want to. And I can.”Then Bucky’s left foot inches over to Steve’s right and tickles it.“Stop,” Steve says in a not-so serious tone.Bucky’s foot covers his. “My foot is stronger.”Steve shakes his head. “Really mature, Buck.”Bucky moves his other foot and covers both of Steve’s. “They’re bigger than yours too.”Steve snorts and looks to his right only to find Bucky smirking. “You’re ridiculous.”Bucky shrugs and continues to read before he moves and slips his feet under Steve’s thigh.“I’m cold.”Steve smiles and pats his knee before going back to his drawing and Bucky to his reading.  
4.
 “Do we have this?” Bucky asks, holding a box of frozen pizza.Steve thinks really hard. “No. I thought you hated them.”Bucky shrugs. “Yeah but you like them.”Steve smiles wide and brings his arm around Bucky’s shoulders, hugging him to his side tightly. “Awww Buck. You’re romantic.”Bucky wiggles free. “We look stupid, Steve, hugging in front of the freezers. Last thing I want is our pictures all over the internet with a cringe-worthy headline.”Steve spreads his arm wide. “Let them. Cap and Winter Soldier grocery shopping.”Bucky shakes his head but can’t hide his smile. He moves along, pushing the cart. Steve is still being innovative.“Cap and Buck in the modern world.”Bucky turns into the next aisle. “Steve and Bucky, are melting our hearts.”Bucky grumbles, “You’re melting my brain and not in a good way.”And it goes on and on with Steve coming up with headlines until they reach home. And when they do, Bucky pushes him against the door and shuts him up with a hard kiss.  
5.
 Steve is standing in front of the large screen. He points out at the map.“We can try this route,” he says, brows furrowed.Sam shakes his head, clicking on the remote, moving to another slide. “Too risky.”Nat and Clint hum their agreement.Steve turns around to face the small conference table. “There has to be a way.”“We looked at it earlier,” Clint says.Nat purses her lips. “I think we’ll need to study it again.”Steve frowns. “We can’t let them hide this time. Maybe if we could go under…“Bucky stands up and walks to where Steve is standing to inspect the map closely. “I’m afraid I agree with Birdman over there.”“Unnecessary,” Sam shoots back.Steve is worked up and is about to suggest another plan when he feels fingers messaging his forehead. He stills in bewilderment as he goes cross-eyed, watcheing Bucky rub his brows.Everyone in that room stop and watch them.“You’re frowning too much,” Bucky whispers loudly before he kisses that spot and goes back to sit down.Steve blushes. Sam groans and lets his head thud onto the table. Nat smirks and Clint winks.  
6.
 Bucky looks in the mirror inside the department store and grimaces.“This is yellow, Stevie.”Steve comes up behind him and smiles. “It looks good on you.” And he takes the t-shirt from Bucky to drape it on his arm, joining the other two.He glares at Steve in the mirror. “It’s yellow.”“It’s not yellow. It’s…lemony?”Bucky huffs, rolls his eyes. “Oh for fuck’s sake. That’s not even a name of a color.”“I’m the artist here and I can call colors whatever I want.”Bucky ignores him and grabs a black one and his eyes sparkle. “This. This is what I’m talking about.”“It’s black,” Steve shoots back with a frown.“I know. And it suits me best. This is my color.”Steve takes him by the arm and drags him to the fitting room. They both get inside. “You’re trying the yellow one. Now.”Bucky raises his brow. “I thought it was called lemony.”Steve puts the clothes on the chair inside and takes Bucky’s shirt off rather too forcefully which makes Bucky smirk.“You’re gonna try it.”“I think I wanna try something else,” Bucky says in a low voice, fingers reaching for Steve’s pants.  
7.
 “And then what?” Steve asks, closing the fridge.Bucky flips the page of the cooking book while sitting on the kitchen counter. “Four eggs.”Steve looks confused. “Four? Really?”Bucky nods.“Okay.”He cracks them and starts whisking before bringing the bowl next to where Bucky is sitting. “And then what?”Bucky hums before flipping through the pages, looking confused.“Bucky?”“It says two kisses on the mouth and a bite on the neck.”Steve is about to bring the flour just in case it’s next when he stops and chuckles. He looks to his left and finds a smirking Bucky.“Really? That’s under ingredients?”“Sure is.”Steve tilts his head aside, feigning confusion. “I thought it was the vanilla extract?”“You always have vanilla on your mind.” Bucky smirks.Steve flushes but smiles. “But you like vanilla.”“Like? I love vanilla.”Bucky pushes the bowl aside and that prompts Steve to move to stand between Bucky’s opening legs.“Two kisses?”Bucky nods. “On the mouth.”“And two or one bite on the neck?”“One.”Steve brings his hands to frame Bucky’s face, tilting it slightly up, exposing his neck. Bucky shivers.Steve leans and breathes, “Let’s make it two. Just in case.”  
8.
 They’re eating at a diner, way inside, in a booth.“Oops,” Steve mumbles with a mouth full of burger.Bucky looks at him scoldingly. “Really Steve?”He reaches forward and wipes the ketchup from Steve’s chin. Then he slides smoothly to sit right beside an ashamed Steve. Bucky snatches a napkin and dips it in the glass of water. He tries to get the stain off Steve’s t-shirt .“It’s okay, Bucky.”“I just got you this t-shirt.”Steve blushes when he notices that one of the waitresses is giggling their way.“Buck, stop. You’re embarrassing me!”“You’re embarrassing me!” Bucky gets another napkin and dries the now fading wet spot.“I’m sorry. It’s not like I intentionally wanted to ruin it.” Steve looks at Bucky who’s already moved back to sit in front of him.Bucky takes a large bite of his burger in a rather aggressive manner. “It’s like you’re a baby, I swear.”Steve feels really bad about it so he tries to make it up to him. “I’ll do laundry for the next two weeks.”Bucky pauses and then shakes his head. “Three.”“Deal.”Bucky reaches over the table and Steve thinks he wants to shake on it. So he extends his hand but Bucky’s hand reaches for Steve’s fries, stealing all of it.  
9.
 Steve rolls his shoulders and turns the shower on. He lets the warm water hit his chest and then he ducks his head under the strong water and stays there. Trying to really wake up.Seconds later, he yelps and staggers forward as Bucky’s weight hits him from behind.“Buck! You scared the shit outta me.”Bucky mumbles something that Steve can’t decipher under the sound of water. But he’s sure that he’s draping himself over his back, and he’s…“Are you snoring?” Steve asks, laughing.“Wanna sleep.” Bucky wraps his arms around his waist.“Then why are you here? In the shower?” Steve pats one of Bucky’s arms.“You’re here.”Steve brings Bucky’s metal hand and kisses it twice.He ends up taking the shower and then toweling himself dry, all the while Bucky is attached to his back, asleep.  
10.
 Bucky feels something over his cheek. It’s warm and tender. He opens his eyes and realizes that he has slept on the couch, book forgotten in his lap.He turns and smiles lazily at Steve. “Hey.”“Hey.”Steve still has his hand caressing his cheek. Bucky closes his eyes and asks, “What took you so long?”“I got back few hours ago. Found you asleep, so I had to do it quietly.”“Do what?”Steve presents him with a cupcake. The vanilla icing looks beautiful with a candle burning in the middle.Bucky sits up straight and breathes, “You didn’t.”Steve nods. “Baked it myself.”Then he goes down on the floor, knees digging in the carpet. He moves to place himself between Bucky’s knees.Steve looks up at him in the most tender way. Bucky feels his heart swell in his chest.“Happy anniversary,” Steve says softly.Bucky covers his face with one hand while the other reaches for Steve’s shoulder. He chuckles softly.“I thought I told you we’re doing nothing this year.”Steve shrugs and holds the cupcake in both hands, presenting it flourishly. “I thought I’d try something.”Bucky removes his hand and gives him a look. “Yeah right.”Steve clears his throat and leans over. Bucky closes the distance and they kiss softly. After they pull apart, they rest their foreheads together, cupcake between them.“My Bucky.”"My Stevie.”   



2nd Edition
Chapter Notes
I thought I'd challenge myself again and write a drabble a day for ten days about their married life together. Here's the result. Hope you like this addition ;)All mistakes are mine.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




  

  

11.
  Steve is in deep sleep when there’s this thing jabbing his forehead insistently.He waves it away before the words enters his cloudy brain.“Pssst, hey. Stevie…”“Hmm. What?” And he opens his eyes to find Bucky still jabbing his forehead. “Cut it out.”“Wake up.”“Why?”“There’s someone…I think someone broke in.”Steve shoots up, falling in a heap, bed sheets almost burying him. He fights them and stands up, breathless. “Wait-What did you say? Did I hear you right?”Bucky is sitting, Indian-style, book in hand. “Yeah. Heard something. Figured I’d wake you to deal with it.”“What?” He hisses. Then he strains his ears. Yup. There is someone. Someone stupid enough to break into Captain America and the Winter Soldier’s place.Bucky shrugs. “I’m scared. Want you to defend our home.”Steve’s eyes almost bulge. “Scared? You scare people just by looking their way—and you’re reading for fuck’s sake!!”Bucky holds the page he’s on. “I’m not gonna get outta our warm bed to fight. Too tired. Besides, it’s your turn.”“Turn my ass! It’s always me, Buck.”“Careful, I think they’re going up the stairs now.”Steve doesn’t even put on a shirt and heads out in just his boxers. “Next time you’re getting them, Buck!”   
12.
  Steve thrusts into him one last time before dropping his head on Bucky’s shoulder and groaning loudly into the quiet living room.
Bucky laughs heartily as he runs his fingers over Steve’s sweaty back, leaving scratches along the way. “God…I fuckin' love it when you get like this.”Steve groans as he pulls out but doesn’t leave Bucky’s embrace. “Get like this? You’re the one who insisted that I fuck you against the door…” and then Steve looks down at his suit. “Ugh! You know I hate it when my Cap suit is still on.”Bucky bites Steve’s lower lip before kissing it, his legs still tight around Steve’s waist. “And you know how much I love it when you’re specifically wearing it.”Steve kisses him one last time before easing his legs down and walking backwards, holding his pants up as if too shy to walk naked. “And we’re never doing that at the door. Jesus Christ… I don’t want the neighbors to complain…again!”Bucky sighs, still in the throws of their passionate love-making. But he does smirk and say, “You will do it again, pal…”“We should rest after a mission, Buck, not-“Bucky ignores him. “You’re gonna do it again ‘cause I know it just like I know that you’ll catch me when I jump on you.”Steve frowns. “Wha- “Bucky does sprint and leap on his boyfriend, who forgets about holding his pants up causing them both to land unceremoniously on the floor.“Bucky!”   
13.
  “Maybe we should send it to Stark. He’ll build it for us in seconds.” Bucky is standing over Steve watching him trying to assemble the new desk they got from IKEA.Steve bites his lip and runs his hands through his hair, sitting there lost between the wooden parts. “No, Buck. We’re doing it ourselves. This is a private matter.”Bucky snorts. “Do you hear yourself, Rogers? It’s a desk. Made of wood. Not that big of a deal.”“It is a big deal! My first desk.”“Okay, drama queen.”“I won’t ask Tony.”Bucky throws his hands up in the air. “Fine. I can call Sam.”“Nope. I’ll assemble it myself. You don’t have to help if you don’t want to.”Bucky rolls his eyes and sits down next to him. He rolls his sleeves up. “Alright. Let me look at that instruction manual again.”He’s met with a wide dumb smile from Steve as he hands him the papers.“Okay, Rogers. Let’s-Oomph!”Steve kisses him all over the face.   
14.
  “Hey Buck?” Steve calls from inside the bathroom.Bucky is flipping through the channels, finding everything boring. “Yeah?”“Toothpaste is finished. Where’s that extra one you bought?”“Probably in the box under the sink.”There’s more rummaging sounds before Steve leans on the door frame, hand on hip.“There’s nothing there.”Bucky frowns. “You just didn’t look really well.”Steve raises his brow. “I did.”“If I go there and find it, it’s not gonna go well for you.”Steve, stands there shirtless with a towel covering his lower half, and watches as Bucky comes inside the bathroom and starts looking.Then Bucky turns around and stands up. “Well, it probably escaped.”“Really? An inanimate object?”Bucky shrugs, inching closer to Steve, hands going for the towel. “Strange times. What can I say? We fight aliens sometimes so what’s a mobile toothpaste.”Steve purses his lips and tries not to smile as Bucky starts leaving kisses on his neck. “If there isn’t a toothpaste before I go to bed, there won’t be any kissing…” and then pushes Bucky back gently. “Of any kind.”Bucky huffs and groans out loud before leaving for the living room and grabbing the keys. “Will be right back. Don’t you dare put on clothes!”   
15.
  “Come on, Bucky…”“No, Steve. I’m not gonna ask for directions. We already got google maps.”“And it’s telling us this is the place but I don’t see any sign of the bakery store.”“Well, it’s probably moved or closed.”“It’s here somewhere…” then Steve opens the door of the car against Bucky’s objections.“I’m gonna go ask that guy. Maybe he’ll know.”Bucky rolls his eyes and rests his forehead against the steering wheel. He watches as Steve approaches the guy who has a bewildered expression on his face. Few minutes later the guy is taking a selfie with Steve and there are other people gathering to get their own selfies or autographs.Bucky huffs loudly. “This is why, Steve. This is why we don’t ask for directions.”He gets out of the car and marches his way there. He literally takes Steve by the hand and drags him back to their vehicle and speeds away before the mob of people follow.   
16.
  “Yeah, right there…fuck!” Bucky pants out loud, heart hammering in his chest as he comes.Steve keeps thrusting up into him before coming too, bringing Bucky’s face toward him to kiss him hard.Bucky smiles stupidly, lips still against Steve’s. “I thought you were too tired and were gonna let me do all the work here.”“Well…can’t help myself.” Steve plays with Bucky’s hair sweeping it away, eyes dreamy. “It’s still like the first time every time with you.”Bucky is still sitting in Steve’s lap, knees bracketing his hips. He takes Steve’s hand and kisses his palm. “Same here, pal.”Steve sits up, still inside Bucky, which makes him groan slightly. “You always feel good. Sometimes I wonder if you’re magic.”Bucky chuckles as he kisses Steve’s lips once, twice before wrapping his arms around those broad shoulders. “You always get stupid after.”“Stupid in love.”“Okay-”“Stupid and hopeless in love.”“I think just plain stupid.”“No.” And Steve flips them over, causing Bucky to yelp and giggle as Steve starts tickling him.“Steve Rogers gets stupid after–Oomph!”Steve kisses him, tongue and all, making him forget everything he wanted to say.   
17.

    
“God…it’s way past our bedtime,” Bucky groans as soon as they get inside their place.Steve is dragging his feet behind him. “You know we can’t say no to Pepper.”Bucky throws away his bow tie across the room and drops his weight on the couch. Steve comes and sits next to him, jacket already draped across the armchair.They both sigh and then Bucky leans and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder, eyes already closed.“No,” Steve says, yawning after. “We gotta go to bed. We gotta change too.”“I know.”“You can’t sleep on me here.”“I’m not. Just resting. Give me five minutes.”“You always say that,” Steve mutters as he rests his head back on Bucky’s head, nuzzling into his soft hair.“I swear it.”“Fine. Five minutes.”They end up sleeping there all night.   
18.
 



 
“Where should we go next?” Bucky asks as he’s flipping through a magazine, lying on his stomach on the bed.“Go?” Steve comes and sits next to him, a bowl of popcorn in his hand.“You know you can’t bring food here.” Bucky reaches for it anyway and puts some in his mouth. “And by go, I mean…You…know…vacation.”Steve rests his back on the headboard, hands reaching for one of Bucky’s feet.“I don’t know…” Steve starts messaging his foot. “Italy?”“We went there last year.”“Switzerland?”“Nah. Been there three years ago.” Bucky reaches for more popcorn.“How about…home?”Bucky frowns and looks over his shoulder. “You mean…New York? ‘Cause we are in New York.”Steve chuckles. “No. I mean…here. Just stay home.”Bucky smiles and closes the magazine. “You’re getting so old, Rogers.”Then Bucky giggles uncontrollably when Steve starts tickling the bottom of his foot.“Stop-Let-me- finish.”And Steve does stop, but still keeps Bucky’s foot hostage. “Okay, Barnes. I’m listening.”Bucky is on his back now, breathless. He’s staring at the ceiling before looking back at Steve. “We’re both getting so old because I like your idea. Very much.”Steve smiles widely. “Good.”Bucky then motions with his finger for Steve to come closer and Steve almost throws himself atop Bucky causing both of them to laugh heartily.   
19.
  Bucky is watching a documentary, totally focusing on it to the point that his hair is bothering him, so he puts it up in a bun.Seconds later, he can feel Steve’s hands reaching his head to undo the bun.Bucky smiles and without looking his way, he says, “Are you sketching me?”“Uh-huh.”Bucky glances his way and sees Steve resuming his previous position. He rests his back on the armchair, sketchbook on his bent knee as he goes back to sketching studiously.He nudges Steve’s foot with his elbow. “We’ve been together for so long, isn’t it time to find something better to draw than my ugly mug?”“Nope.”Bucky chuckles as he sees Steve biting his lower lip, fixing something he’s drawing with his fingers.It warms his heart to no end that Steve still does that…sketch him forever in his numerous sketchbooks. It doesn’t stop Bucky from voicing his amusement. “So many better looking subjects out there, Stevie…”“I happen to love your ugly mug the most.”Bucky chuckles softly. “You’re so boring, Rogers.”“Uh-huh.”Bucky shakes his head at him as he rests his back, bringing Steve’s foot to rest on his lap. He goes back to watching the TV.   
20.
  “Steve? Steve? Wake up…”Steve jerks awake, hands flailing. “Wha-Bucky?”He hears the soft chuckle of Bucky and he frowns. “Oh God, Buck. Is it another burglar? It’s your turn-“Bucky pulls him back down, making him lie back on his side. They’re facing each other and Steve almost goes cross-eyed which makes Bucky giggle a bit.“Just thought you should know,” Bucky says quietly, eyes staring into Steve’s. “I love you.”Steve smiles tiredly and huffs out a breath. “Buck…you scared me. Not to be a jerk but you woke me up just for that?”Bucky gulps and then takes Steve’s hand, giving each finger a soft kiss, eyes closed.“Buck…”“I had to wake you up,” Bucky confesses, voice going soft. “I was reading and then looked to my right and found you sound asleep.”Steve takes his hand back and wraps his arm around Bucky’s waist, bringing him closer.Bucky lays one of his hands on Steve’s arm as he inches closer. “And then this wave of love washes over me, engulfs me, almost making me choke—I…” And he brings his lips against Steve’s, not kissing them. Just hovering there. “I just love you so much, Stevie. Love you…till death do us part.”Steve smiles, kissing Bucky’s lips once, twice before running his fingers over those lips. “Even death won’t keep me away from you, Bucky.”Bucky lets out a wet laugh. “Ever the dramatic.”“Look who’s talking.”Bucky reaches for him again, kissing his nose when Steve hugs him and whispers. “I love you more, Bucky. Love you most. Love you forever.”They both smile at each other before they kiss and kiss and kiss.       



Chapter End Notes
Comments and Kudos are LOVE


3rd Edition



    
21.
  “Stay still!” Bucky instructs rather impatiently.Steve huffs and Bucky lifts his head and continues trimming the beard.“I wanna shave it though,” Steve whines, scratching under his chin.Bucky slaps his fingers away. “Damn it, Rogers! Let me do my job.”“Which is to torture me.” Steve pouts as he slumps his shoulders.“Sit up straight, silly.”Steve does as told and waits as Bucky shuffles closer between his legs. He moves Steve’s face from left to up to right. He’s intense about it that he almost jumps when Steve’s hands reach his hips.“Are you done?” Steve asks.Bucky tries not to smile. “Not yet.”It’s five minutes later that Bucky starts feeling Steve’s hands going up and down his thighs.“What are you doing down there, Stevie?” Bucky folds his lips in, trying not to chuckle because he knows his husband.He knows him well.“I’m waiting for you to finish playing with my beard-““I’m not playing with it!” And Bucky pulls back, hands up in the air still holding the scissors and comb.“Why don’t you admit that you’ve got a thing for my lovely beard?” Steve asks, eyebrows raised.Bucky gives him a flat look. “I do, idiot. Why do you think I let you shave it only twice a year?”Steve smirks and Bucky feels cautious. It’s never good when he smirks like that.“What?”“ Let me ?”“Yeah.”They stare at each other, Bucky more prepared to spring off if Steve is gonna do what he thinks he’ll do.But Steve shrugs and motions to his own face. “Can you finish up here? Quick?”Bucky narrows his eyes before inspecting his work. After five more minutes and right when he’s about to step back, Steve hugs him around the waist and throws him on his shoulder like a sack of potato.Bucky yelps and laughs heartily as Steve runs around their place, carrying him as if he weighed nothing.“I knew it! You were up to something, Rogers!”“Let me, he says.”“Forever!”“We’ll see about that, Barnes.”Bucky screams ‘uncle’ by the end of a very torturing tickle war.   
22.
  Bucky is in the shower when he hears Steve come inside to join him.He closes his eyes as he feels him hugging him from behind.Steve hums against his neck.“Hi,” Bucky says, smiling.“Hmmm.” Steve rubs his face against Bucky’s shoulder.Bucky shakes his head as he washes his arm. “Back from the mission, finally?” Bucky comments.“Yup.”“You hurt?”“No.”“Cuts or bruises?”“Nope and nope.”“Glad I sat this one out.”“It’s like you have a sense about these things,” Steve says into his shoulder.“What can I say…I’m that good.”Steve hums but says nothing. Then Bucky moves his head slightly to see the golden hair getting wet. “Then why are you here getting yourself wet?”“I needed you,” Steve murmurs as he pushes his hips into Bucky.Bucky shivers and then moans when Steve runs his hands over his ass, squeezing a bit.“Needed me or  needed  me, Rogers?” Bucky asks, chuckling.Steve bites his neck lightly as he pushes into him again. “What do ya think, sweetheart?”Bucky puts the loofah away. “Fine but we’re gonna do it here. I just changed the bed-sheets and I’m not gonna shower twice- oomph !”Steve is already on him as the water hits them both.   
23.
  Steve is sipping from the coffee mug he just poured for himself before getting back inside the conference room. And he wished he hadn’t left to understand what he’s seeing at the moment.Bucky and Sam are arguing intensely and Nat has her feet up, giggling at them.“Hey. What’s going on?” Steve raises his voice so he can be heard.Both of them turn around and Bucky points accusingly at Sam. “He says we have the worst date nights in history.”Sam grunts. “I didn’t say that!”Steve looks between them, then shakes his head. “I’m at a loss.”Bucky strides toward him, folding his arms over his chest. “Sam asked me where he could go since he has a date-““It’s my girlfriend. You met her, for God’s sake! Multiple times!”Bucky ignores him. “And I suggested he goes grocery shopping.”And Steve looks at Sam who’s pointing at Bucky is disbelief. Then Steve looks at Nat who raises her brow, waiting.Steve shrugs. “I don’t know why you’re debating this guys because Bucky is right. It’s the best.”“THANK YOU!” Bucky turns around, arms outstretched in victory.Sam’s eyes are wide. “You’re kidding me, Rogers.”Steve shakes his head. “No. It’s the best date night. It’s how our date nights go.”“Tell ‘em, babe.”Steve goes and sits on one chair and starts counting on his fingers. “You get to go out to your favorite place. You get to walk side by side-““Have the best conversations in front of frozen food,” Bucky interrupts.“You get to choose  together . You get to have interesting conversations in the cereal aisle. And you get to make out secretly behind the bread loafs. And you also meet new sales people and get to know them-““That part I have no care for.” Bucky puts his hands up before motioning to Steve. “But go on, babe”“There are also kids-““Which is a great sight when they fan-girl over Steve.”Steve blushes. “It’s endearing and humbling.”“And it gets better when you get to hold cute babies...” Bucky clasps his hands under his chin, going all heart-eyes.Sam grimaces. “Why would I want babies on my date-“They both ignore him as Steve continues, “ And  you get food by the end of it.”“Which you get to cook that night.” And Bucky points to his temple as if it’s the smartest thing ever.Sam’s mouth is open as he looks at them then at Nat. “Romanoff...did you just hear all that?”Nat shrugs. “They’re over a hundred. What did you expect.”“Hey!” Bucky frowns. “Uncalled for.”Sam shakes his head at them. “You guys are the true definition of an old married couple.”“Thank you,” Steve and Bucky say at the same time before high-fiving each other.   
24.
  “Fuck, Bucky…” Steve breathes hotly against Bucky’s mouth. They’re not even kissing anymore. “You’re gonna kill me one day.”Bucky chuckles. “Come on… big guy. Give…it…to…me…like you always do.”Steve pushes into him harder, faster and Bucky moans loudly which always drives Steve crazy. He thrusts into him hard, once, twice before coming inside him.Steve slumps on top of him, still relishing being inside Bucky.“Sorry I can’t move but you wore me out,” Steve mutters in his neck.Bucky wraps his arms and legs around him, clinging like an octopus. “Shut up. You know I love it when you’re lying on top of me.”Steve kisses his neck before raising his head and looking down at that gorgeous face. “Love you.”Bucky smiles lazily and bites Steve’s lip. “I want pizza.”Steve sobers up. “What?”“What?” Bucky shrugs. “I’m hungry.” And he wiggles which makes Steve groan.“Stop moving.”“Let me go. I gotta order us pizza.”“But we had pizza last night.”Bucky frowns. “So?”“I want Chinese.”Bucky purses his lips, pretending to ponder. “Hmmm…”“Please?” Steve sticks his bottom lip out.And it works. As always.Bucky rolls his eyes. “Fiiiiine.”Steve starts showering him with kisses. Bucky only pushes him away when Steve starts licking his face.“Eww, Steve! Stop, you heathen!”   
25.
  Bucky gnaws on his lips as he watches Steve go about stacking their new bookshelves with the new books they bought. He’s been quiet all the way home and throughout lunch which Bucky cooked.Steve loves it when he cooks and this time he doesn’t say anything or kiss Bucky or sing his praises.He’s just quiet and mopey.Very mopey.As if someone killed his puppy and he couldn’t do a thing about it.Bucky is reading and Steve is sketching as usual during their evening when Bucky has had enough.He closes the new book loudly. “Alright. What is it?”Steve keeps sketching and never looks up. “What’s what?”“You.”“I’m sketching.”Bucky waits, pursing his lips before making up his mind and getting up. He goes and sits right on Steve.“Hey!”Bucky snatches the sketchbook and puts it away at the end of the couch, behind them.Framing Steve’s face in his hands, Bucky narrows his eyes at him as if he’s trying to scan Steve’s face. “What. Is. Up. With. You?”“Nothing,” Steve mumbles, eyes down.Any other time, Bucky would laugh at that dorky stupid childish face.“Steve…”His dear husband huffs before answering. “You said he was good lookin’.”Bucky frowns. “What? Who?”Steve moves Bucky’s hands away, trying to get up, but Bucky won’t move from his lap.“The magazine!”Bucky tries to wrack his brain and then it flashes through his mind when they were at the bookstore earlier in the morning. Bucky has picked up a GQ magazine and said, “He’s good lookin’.”It dawns on Bucky now and he really wants to laugh because it’s ridiculous. He folds his lips in. “And that’s what’s been making you mope all day?!”Steve looks away but Bucky lifts his chin up. “You’re jealous? After all these years?”Steve narrows his eyes at him and doesn’t say anything.Bucky smiles and starts poking his cheeks. “You’re cute.”“So if we were never together-““No, Steve-““Would you go out with him?”“Oh my God, he’s some model-““Would you?”“No, Rogers.” And he loops his arms around Steve’s neck. “Even if we’ve never met, I’d still look for you, Steve Rogers-““Bucky-“And Bucky pulls on his hair lightly. “I’d search heaven and hell for you…”“Even if we’ve never met?”“Even so…because you’re my soulmate. You’re it for me.”Steve smiles but then raises his brow. “But is he better looking than me?”“Doll…” And Bucky kisses him softly on the lips. “You’re the most gorgeous man on earth and in heaven.”And after that, there’s been a spring in Steve’s steps for the rest of the week.   
26.
  “Shhh, Steve, it’s starting,” Bucky hisses as he puts the popcorn on his lap.Steve settles in his seat next to Bucky in the dark theater. “The movie hasn’t started yet. Not even the trailers.”“Still.”“There aren’t even that many people here—““Shhh!”Steve shakes his head and sits back. “Can I at least have some popcorn?”Bucky mumbles something before he leans over and moves the armrest. He tucks himself as much as he can to Steve’s side.Steve smiles and puts his arm around him.Bucky kisses his neck and Steve kisses him on the top of his head.Bucky puts the popcorn between them and they start popping them in their mouths, waiting for the movie to start.   
27.
  Bucky is lying down on the couch, his feet on Steve’s lap who’s sitting down sketching.Bucky is watching a documentary on wild animals while the TV is on mute. He only wants to hear the charcoal pencil moving on paper as Steve continues to sketch.After an hour, he stretches. “Hey Steve?”“Yeah?”“Can you rub my feet?”Steve frowns and puts his sketchbook aside. “What’s wrong?”“Those animals run all the time. I got sympathy pain.”Steve guffaws and tickles the bottom of Bucky's feet, making him giggle and kick him in the side.“Cut it out.”“Give them to me so I can rub them already.”Bucky huffs before surrendering his feet.He goes back to watching.Few minutes later, Steve is engrossed in the program too.   
28.
  They’re heading back home after a gala they had to attend because-as Steve puts it- it’s for charity.He gets out of the car and just stops walking.“Hey…can you carry me?”Steve stops on their way to the door of their place. “What?”Bucky-as dramatic as he could-throws himself on the hood of their car. “I’m sooooo tired.”Steve knows him so well, because he just stands there like a disappointed parent watching their child throw a fit.“No.”“Please?”“No, Buck.”“Whyyyyy?”“Because I’m tired too.”Bucky stands up straight, feeling betrayed. “I thought you loved me most.”Steve rolls his eyes. “And because you’re a grown-ass man.”“You took an oath!” Bucky starts pointing at his husband. “To take care of me till the end of time.”Steve folds his arms over his chest. “You took an oath too. You promised to take care of me.”Bucky raises his brow and never moves an inch from his side of the car. “What are you afraid of? Hurting your back?”“Yes.”“You’re a super soldier, Steve!”Steve throws his arms up in the air. “So are you! You can walk the few steps to get home on your own.”They stare at each other for ten seconds before Bucky stresses, “I’m not moving.”Steve shakes his head. “Fine. You sleep out here then.”And with that he turns and heads inside, closing the door behind him.Bucky stands next to the car door and leans on his hip, waiting.He knows his husband. Knows him too well. And exactly five minutes later, the door opens forcefully and out comes Steve marching all the way to him.Bucky smiles wide, teeth and all, as he puts his arms up and Steve swiftly picks him up, carrying him bridal style.“Oh Stevie, love you so much,” Bucky says, hands playing with Steve’s hair.Steve looks so angry with the way he’s huffing. “I’m not backing down next time.”Bucky gives him a loud kiss on the cheek as they enter their place. “Okay.”But deep down, he knows his husband. He’ll always carry Bucky no matter what.   
29.
  “What about lettuce? Did you get that one, babe?” Bucky asks as he pushes the cart inside the grocery store in their neighborhood.“Yes, Bucky. Did you find those marshmallows?”“Which ones?”“The colored ones.”“Right in the next aisle.” Bucky turns to him. “Why are you hell-bent on buying that junk food?”Steve rolls his eyes and touches Bucky’s shoulder to make him stop so he can grab a box of bottled water.“I love marshmallows. You know how I can’t resist them.” Steve then throws his arm around Bucky’s shoulders as they both head to the frozen food section. And Bucky squeals when a baby is in a cart while his mom is picking pints of ice cream.“Look at that little guy, Steve,” he whispers, almost dying on the spot. He waves and the little baby waves back and Bucky can’t handle it anymore. The mother smiles their way and gives him the permission to pick him up. Bucky does and sways with the little kid. Steve starts making silly faces and the baby giggles.Minutes later, they’re in the bread section sans baby, picking up some baguettes.Steve pulls Bucky to steal a kiss and Bucky melts into it.“Mmm.” Bucky pulls away. “Let’s go. We’ve got a meal to prepare.”Steve looks at him, a content expression on his face. “I can just eat you up instead.”Bucky snorts, pushing away from Steve reluctantly. “Cannibalism, Captain? Not a good look on you.”Steve sticks his tongue out and Bucky laughs before grabbing his hand and getting their cart to head for the cashier.A successful date night. As always.   
30.
  Steve smiles as he pours coffee into their two mugs before carrying them to the bedroom.The sight of Bucky sound asleep with his hair over his face warms his heart. He has to stand by the door for ten seconds before marching toward the bed to wake him up.“Hey, sweetheart,” Steve whispers as Bucky stirs.Bucky turns and smiles lazily. “Hey...”Then he notices the two mugs. He pouts. “It’s time, huh?”“Yup,” Steve says as he takes a sip of his coffee and watches as Bucky sits up, resting against the headboard.“I’m gonna miss that beard.” Bucky drinks from his own mug, humming at the taste.Steve pats his thigh. “Well, it’ll grow back in no time.”Bucky pouts again. “Still not the same. Oh well...” Then he smirks. “I’m so glad it touched me everywhere last night.” And he wiggles his brows at him.Steve chuckles and then kisses Bucky’s hand. “Any last words?”Bucky pulls Steve in and frames his face in his hands. He caresses the beard, eyes sad. “Goodbye, my love.”Steve snorts. “It’s hair. It’ll grow back, you know.”Bucky shakes his head. “Still.”Steve gets up but not before stealing another kiss. “Love you.”“Love you too. Now go, you murderer.”Steve laughs his way to the bathroom, eager to shave that beard.           



4th Edition



    

31.

 

Steve finds Bucky lying on the sofa in his boxers, pizza box open on his stomach.

He smiles as he puts the shield away and takes off his boots, suit still intact.

“Is that leftover?” He asks as he walks his way to the sofa. Glancing quickly at the TV, he finds it on an interview with Neil deGrasse Tyson.

He pats Bucky’s feet and his husband lifts them. Once he settles, Bucky puts his feet on Steve’s lap and finally speaks.

“How was it?”

“Eh.”

“Here. I just ordered it.” He hands a slice to Steve.

“You’re still fangirling over him?” Steve asks, giggling when Bucky kicks him in the ribs.

He grabs Bucky’s foot and kisses it once, twice before settling it on his lap.

Bucky’s mouth is full as he waves his slice around. “He’s like a wizard or something when he talks...I wanna know everything about astrophysics.”

“Hmm. I get it.”

Steve grabs another slice and uses his other hand to massage Bucky’s feet.
 
 
 
 
 



32.

 


“What do you think you’re doing, Rogers?”


Steve freezes on his way to bed. Bucky is already in bed, book in hand and fake eyeglasses on his face. He peers at his husband over the frame. He knows what Steve is doing. But he likes to taunt him.


Steve is still standing stark naked near the bed.


“I’m going to sleep.” He shrugs as he slowly puts his knee on the mattress.


Bucky rolls his eyes and goes back to the page he’s on. “You sleep naked when you want to get some.”


Bucky tries not to laugh at how red and flustered Steve is. After all these years, he still blushes. “I’m just running hot that’s all.”


He’s now over Bucky. Knees and hands caging him. Bucky continues to ignore him.


“I want to read, babe.” Bucky waits and like an angel, Steve huffs and swings back to his side.


“Come on, Buck.”


Bucky turns the page even though he never got to read it. “Come on what? I just showered...”


“Bucky! You only wear eyeglasses when you want to get some.”


He pretends to be offended. “No, I don’t! I want to read.”


“You know what they do to me. And your eyesight is superior, Buck.”


“Still. It’s my me time.”


Steve pouts and gets up.


“Where are you going?”


“To wear my sweatpants.”


“Why?”


Steve pauses then shrugs. “It’s what I do.”


Bucky tries really hard not to giggle but he loses. His book falls to the side and Steve yells “I knew it!” Before wrestling him.


“No, stop!” Bucky giggles as he tries to escape the tickling assault. Steve doesn’t stop until Bucky is under him, surrendering.


“Fine, fine. You can have me,” Bucky breathes as he wraps his legs tightly around Steve’s tiny waist. Both of them moan at the friction.


“You give up easy, Bucky. I’m starting to-“


Bucky surges up and kisses him.
 
 
 
 
 



33.

 


“I want to see Little Women,” Bucky insists as they both walk into the theater.


Steve’s arm tightens around him as he leans and whispers. “I know. You’ve been saying that all the way here.”


They’re both incognito. But they wouldn’t be surprised if someone recognizes them.


“It’s because I know Wilson and I know Romanoff and I know Barton. They wouldn’t and it would be a big deal and then we would always compromise. Well, I ain’t compromising tonight.”


Steve grins and makes sure Bucky doesn’t see it as they both hang around near a corner waiting for their friends. Bucky goes off on another rant.


“And remind me why we’re having another movie night with them? I hate these nights. I want all my movie nights with you.”


Steve rubs his arms up and down. He really wants them to have a good night and it won’t do if the love of his life is pissed. “Because we haven’t been able to spend some fun time with them. It’s been a while.”


Bucky rolls his eyes before huffing. “I was planning on blowing you after the movie ends—”


“Oh my God!” Steve has his hand covering Bucky’s mouth in a flash. Then he raises his brow and Bucky nods. “I told you, Bucky. I’m on your side. They’re gonna have to compromise this time. Don’t worry.”


Bucky raises his brow. “Prove it.”


Steve gives him a soft peck on the lips and heads to the ticket window. Bucky can clearly hear him.


Steve smiles at the kid behind the window. “Five tickets for Little Women, please.”
 
 
 
 
 



34.

 


They’re all in the briefing room.


Sam is pacing, explaining something about the mission they’re about to go on when Bucky shakes his head.


He sighs. “What now, Barnes?”


Steve turns and frowns. “Buck?”


Bucky throws his arms in the air. “I still don’t get it!”


“Get what?” Sam asks, looking back at the board that demonstrates their plan.


Nat raises her brow. “It isn’t that hard, Barnes.”


Bucky doesn’t listen as he flails. “How did he know? Like...how does that brain of his work? I myself wouldn’t notice the difference between women and men coats! And how they wear them.”


Steve grins and chuckles. When he looks at the rest of his team, their eyes are wide in bewilderment and a slight alarm.


“We watched a BBC episode of Hercules Poirot last night-”


“Please, Steve,” Bucky interrupts him with a hand over his shoulder. “It’s Hercule Poirot. You gotta know the name and pronounce it correctly.”


Sam looks between them. “Uh...what the fuck?”


“Have you not listened to anything we said, Barnes?” Nat asks, smirking as if she already knows the answer.


Bucky huffs. “Of course not. I was replaying the whole episode in my mind.” Then he turns to Steve. “We gotta watch it again tonight. And watch some more. Like, what are little grey cells? And how come mine don’t work like his? I don’t understand.”


“Okay, Buck.” Steve leans and kisses him on the forehead. Then he gets an idea. “Oh! We can ask Banner.”


“Yes!” Bucky high-fives Steve, excitement radiating off him in waves.


Sam folds his arms over his chest. “I hate to break it to you two, but he’s a fictional character.”


Bucky leans, metal finger tapping the table. “He’s a hero. He should be an avenger.”


Sam puts his finger up. “He can’t. Because he died at the end.”


Steve and Bucky both scream. “WHAT?”
 
 
 
 
 



35.

 


Bucky is yelling at the top of his lungs as he plays a video game that Steve can’t remember the name of. Was it Duty Calls or Call of Duty? Something like that. He never got gaming.


“I’m gonna fuckin’ kill you, Wilson!”


Steve watches as Bucky adjusts his mic.


He knows it’s futile but he tries. “Hey Buck, come on. Time for bed.”


“Take that! Yes! You’re going down, Wilson!”


Steve rolls his eyes as he watches Bucky jump up and down as he celebrates his win.


“Are you done?”


“No, Steve.” He glances behind him before sitting back on the sofa again. “There’s one more round. I need to kill Wilson. Again.” And he guffaws.


Steve chuckles. He can practically hear Sam reminding Bucky that this was a game and not an actual mission.


“I’m the best sniper in the real world and the virtual world, Wilson.”


So Steve goes and kisses the back of his head. “Gonna sleep. Night.”


Once he’s in bed, he sighs as he enjoys the soft mattress and the smell of freshly cleaned sheets. Exactly five minutes later, he hears Bucky walking into their bedroom. Steve smiles without opening his eyes.


“Thought you were busy being a sniper,” Steve mutters, the smile never leaving his face.


Then he grunts out loud when Bucky lands on top of him. He lies there, trapping Steve like an octopus.


“You know I need my cuddles.”


Steve opens his eyes and finds the beautiful face looking up at him. He’s resting his ear right on top of Steve’s beating heart.


He wraps his arms around Bucky and kisses the top of his head. “My octopus.”


“My teddy bear.”


They both giggle before drifting off to sleep.
 
 
 
 
 



36.

 


Bucky gasps loudly in the quiet as Steve’s lips latch onto his throat the minute they’re inside their place.


He tries to maneuver them to their bedroom but ends up bumping into the sofa.


Steve shakes his head. “No, Bucky.”


Then he proceeds to swiftly kick under Bucky’s feet, causing them both to fall on the floor. Steve is on top of Bucky, resuming his passionate assault on his neck.


And Bucky knows that feral look in Steve’s eyes. He almost always gets like this when someone looks at Bucky the wrong way or stares at him.


Jealousy is a great look on him and Bucky revels in that.


Steve starts to kiss him all over, doing everything himself. He takes off his own clothes and Bucky’s in a matter of seconds.


Bucky lies there, breath labored as he surrenders to his lover.


“You know,” Bucky breathes, flushed, as he wraps his arms around Steve’s shoulders. “He was just being polite.”


Steve kisses him hard before lifting himself up so he can frown down on him. “He said he’d love to take pictures of you!”


“Yeah ‘cause he’s a photographer and ‘cause I’m...what’s the word they use, oh, photogenic.”


Steve palms Bucky’s left thigh, bringing it up to circle his waist. Both of them groan at the friction. Steve rubs against him and lowers his mouth against Bucky’s as they both share hot labored breath.


“You...Bucky...Barnes...are mine!”


Bucky nods hurriedly and chases Steve’s lips. “Yours. Yours.”
 
 
 
 
 



37.

 


Bucky pulls out the tray of cupcakes and sighs for the third time that day.


“I just don’t get it. They keep sinking in the middle!” He groans and takes off his oven mitts and throws them aggressively on the kitchen counter.


“Is it the carrot cupcakes again?” Steve asks, coming into the kitchen.


“Yes, Steve! I told you that I’m gonna bake them today!” His voice rises and he covers his face when Steve puts his hands up.


“Sorry.” He sighs. “They’re killing me. I followed the recipe to a tee.” He flips through the baking book he’d bought yesterday. “How come this is harder than going on missions?”


Steve’s arms sneak around him and he relaxes a bit. His husband envelopes him with his warm embrace. He kisses the back of Bucky’s head before sneaking a kiss to his cheek. “If it’s any consolation, I don’t like carrots that much.”


Bucky whirls around in his arms. “You think I’m baking them for you?”


“Uh...” Steve looks really speechless.


“Get out of my kitchen.”


Steve tries to sneak another kiss to his cheek but he turns and it lands on the back of his neck.


“Bucky...”


“Out!”


Steve pretends to leave but ends up pinching Bucky’s cheek. Bucky fumes and chases him around the house with a spatula.
 
 
 
 
 



38.

 


Steve watches as Bucky hugs all the huge bags of Doritos and drops them in their cart.


“Bucky. No.”


“Whyyyy?” He literally whines in the supermarket like an absolute child.


Steve tries not to crack up. His lips betray him as they lift up in a smile. “Because we can’t just take all of them!”


Bucky stands up straight and looks confused. “I don’t understand.”


Steve grabs two bags and returns them to the shelf but Bucky takes them back and puts them in their cart.


“Because some people would like to buy some. You can’t just hog the whole...” And he waves his hands at the cart.


Bucky gives him a flat look. “You can’t be serious right now.”


Steve flails. “I feel bad and you can’t possibly-”


Bucky puts a finger to Steve’s lips, shushing him. “If you don’t shut up about this, you’re sleeping on the couch. Forever.”


Steve chuckles nervously as he hastily takes other bags of Lay’s and adds them to their mounting pile of junk food.


“So what else do you wanna take home, Buck?”
 
 
 
 
 



39.

 


They're both in the bathtub and Steve likes this part so much.


He groans when Bucky climbs over his lap and sits on his cock. They both moan out loud.


“Fuck! How is it always better here?” Bucky asks, breathless.


Steve tries not to close his eyes as he watches Bucky ride him, throwing his head back in ecstasy.


He’s resting his head back on the edge of the tub as he watches. He’s entranced by Bucky. Always and forever. Then he sits up straight wanting to smush his face in Bucky’s neck.


Yet, he’s taken off guard when his eyes start burning.


“Ow! Ow! Oh my God!” He flails, almost knocking Bucky over.


“What the fuck?” Bucky freezes and tries to still Steve with him. “What’s wrong?”


“My eyes! It’s the damn new shampoo.” He rubs his eyes and that’s another mistake.


All he gets is Bucky laughing so loud, smacking right into Steve.


“Stop laughing!”


Bucky grabs both his hands and removes them. Then he cups some water in his palms. He pours the water over Steve’s eyes, still giggling.


“It’s all your fault, Bucky.”


Bucky then kisses both eyes and that makes Steve sigh in resignation.


“You couldn’t wait until I washed it-“ he moans when Bucky moves and they’re back at it again.


Bucky circles his arms around him and kisses him hard, making him forget about that small and unfortunate incident.
 
 
 
 
 



40.

 


Bucky is back from a mission and smiles widely when he sees Steve lying on the couch, looking very entranced on what’s being shown on TV.


“Honeyyyyy, I’m home,” Bucky sings.


Steve gives him a blow-out kiss without taking his eyes off the TV.


Bucky frowns and from his vantage point, he can’t see the TV. So, he takes off all his dirty gear and stands there in his boxers. Then he goes to the kitchen and grabs a cold glass of milk before heading toward Steve.


Once his eyes land on the TV screen, he smiles genuinely.


Bob Ross is in the middle of converting long lines into trees.


“Yeah. No wonder you’re not with me.”


He pats Steve’s feet, silently asking him to move them. He sits down and gulps the whole glass of milk before putting it on the coffee table. He then takes Steve’s bare feet and lays them on his lap.


“You hurt?” Steve asks, sparing Bucky a swift look.


“Nope.”


“Good.”


Then he motions for Bucky to come over and the latter couldn’t be persuaded faster. He lies on top of Steve’s warm body and lays his head on his beating heart. Steve’s arms wrap around him in a protective embrace.


They both continue watching Bob Ross in serene silence.
 
 
 
 
 
 














Afterword


End Notes
You can find me on  Tumblr .


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



