



one good purr deserves - kimtrain - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

one good purr (deserves another)
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11997834.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Kim Taehyung | V/Reader
Character:
Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Shifters, Hybrids, Alternate Universe, Fluff and Smut
Stats:

        Published: 2017-09-04
          Chapters: 4/4
        Words: 31148
      

one good purr (deserves another)
by kimtrain
Summary
Maybe it wasn't the best idea to visit Taehyung just before your heat.[Shifter au / fox!Taehyung, cat!Reader]




Chapter 1



"So what's your plan for your heat this year?"
 
It takes a moment for the question to sink in before you scramble for the calendar by your bed. "Oh shit, I completely forgot. Fuck, what day is today? What month?"
 
Minji laughs and rolls onto her back, digging her toes into the carpet. "March 23rd. I kinda figured you'd forgotten, with midterms around the corner and all, but it's probably time to start preparing for that too."
 
"Damn it." You stare hopelessly at the calendar on the wall. A week and a half. Barely ten days until your heat, and you hadn't prepared in the slightest.
 
Heats are the worst part of being a shifter, in your opinion--humans didn't realize how lucky they were, not to be trapped in a small room for seven to ten days, out of your mind with the need to fuck, sweaty and dirty and swimming in every hormone-driven fluids that your body could produce. You hate your heats.
 
"I'm screwed," you whine, dropping onto your bed and pressing your face into your pillow in misery.
 
"Not yet, but you definitely could be," Minji snickers, and you hear a rustle of fabric, the soft pad of foostepts, before a heavy weight drops onto your back, pushing a muffled grunt from your lungs. "Seriously, though, are you going to spend it alone again? Or are you finally going to find someone to share it with? At least it falls on spring break, like mine."
 
You hum quietly, reluctant to talk about it, so you redirect the question. "What are you doing? Hooking up with Jeongguk again?"
 
"God, I wish," Minji says, a wishful sigh in her voice. "That boy has some stamina. Remember last year? I had to drop out of the dance showcase because I physically could not walk to the studio. The guy's a machine. You've seen his thighs."
 
You make a sound of agreement. The campus's most notorious playboy, Jeon Jeongguk had earned himself a reputation making rounds through the hottest people on campus, despite only having come to university that year. He'd become the most notorious freshman since Park Jimin had come to Seoul University, and there must be something in the water over there, in Busan. Because damn.
 
"Oh, I heard that lion shifters have, like, a five minute refractory period. Is that true?" You ask over your shoulder curiously, picking at the loose strands of your quilt.
 
"Refractory period? Jeon didn’t have one. By the third day, I was begging for a break or food or to sleep for a few minutes, and I was the one in heat." Minji snorts before rolling off your back and onto the other side of your bed, her black hair trailing after her in tightly wound curls. She puffs one errant curl away from her nose before grinning. "It was a memorable week, though. I still think about it sometimes, when I'm...you know." She wags her eyebrows suggestively.
 
You roll your eyes. "Masturbating. When you're mas-tur-ba-ting," you enunciate, before grinning when her nose curls at the word. "You're a twenty-one year old dog shifter, with at least six heats under your belt, and you still can't talk about sex?"
 
"I just talked about my heat with Jeongguk, didn't I?" She sasses back, but her cheeks start growing slightly pinker. "I just hate that word. It's gross and jarring and not...not sexy."
 
"Masturbating."
 
"Stop. I mean it."
 
You bite your lip, tempted to say it again, but Minji cuts in quickly, sensing blood in the water.
 
"You've always spent your heats alone, right?"
 
"Not always," you deny but your chest grows tight, uncomfortable. "I had a heat partner when I was eighteen." 
 
It had probably been the one occasion in which your heat had not felt like never ending hell, and it'd been the time when you'd first lost your 'virginity,' as humans would call it. But shifters are, by nature and necessity, more open about sex and sexual relationships, and the concept of virginity had died down somewhat as a practice in modern times anyway. You hadn't cared for the 'symbolic' change, but you'd had a great time with Kyungsoo that week. At first, Kyungsoo had seemed a bit unimpressive, with his small stature and height, unusual for a predatory shifter, but that had almost immediately changed the moment he had arrived at the hotel room and set down his travel bag. You still think about him some nights. And whenever you run into the grad student, Min Yoongi. There's something undeniably familiar about the two. Small and grumpy, but with dominance exuding from every pore.
 
"Oh, you did? Who was it?"
 
"Just someone I knew." That had been hired through a professional heat agency. You're not ashamed of it--it's perfectly normal and even expected for younger shifters to hire a professional once or twice, just to have someone who knew what they were doing help you through the first heats. But Minji-- beautiful, bold, charismatic Minji--hadn't needed to pay someone to help her through her heat since her parents had arranged her first one at the age of sixteen, and it's hard to admit to her that you hadn't had heat sex with anyone since Kyungsoo. Normal sex, yes, but never heat sex.
 
She seems to sense that you don't want to talk about it, but you're surprised when she doesn't try to pry the answer out of you. "Cool. So you know how amazing it is to have someone there with you. I'd wondered if you...because you've always gone through it solo, since I've known you."
 
"Yeah," you reply noncommittally, looking away when her gaze grows gentler. "I just... it's just so much work, to find someone willing to drop everything for a week, and then you have to get twice as many supplies and that gets expensive. And you know, what if you realize on day two that they're a shitty partner and you would've been better off alone?"
 
Her eyes narrow. "Really? You're pulling the 'no one would want to have crazy hot sex with me for an entire week' card?"
 
You frown and turn on your side, facing away from her, and ignore her hands tugging gently at your shoulder.
 
"No, don't get all defensive on me, Y/N. I didn't mean it in a bad way, you know that." She smiles tentatively when you give in and lie on your back, still resolutely not meeting her gaze.
 
"Not everyone is so gorgeous that they can walk into a classroom, point, wink, and immediately have a heat partner," you grumble.
 
"For the last time, it didn't happen like that!" She rolls up from the bed and curls her legs under her, sitting on the duvet pretzel-style, before clapping a hand onto your thigh. Minji huffs, indignant, but a thread of laughter still slips into her voice. "Minsook and I had already talked about sharing our heats over text, that was just the--the in-person confirmation."
 
"Uh huh. The point still stands."
 
She sighs before poking you hard on your thigh. "One of these days, I'll convince you that you're beautiful. And then, you'll see it for yourself."
 
You look away from her, staring at the poster of G-Dragon on your opposite wall, until she sighs and leans against the windowsill. It's just after three in the afternoon, a rare sunny day for Seoul still making its journey from winter to spring, so the rays form a silver lining around her hair and shoulders and the shadow of your small cactus looms onto your bedspread like a giant, spiked baseball bat.
 
It's not that you don't want someone to share your heat with--god knows, it's so much easier. You can't understand suffering until you've been in the middle of your heat, hungry, miserable, and too exhausted to even shove the dildo back inside you, even when you desperately need it to do something in there. It's a hell of a lot more fun to have someone with you, suffering together, but also it's just easier all around to have another person there to help you when you're too tired to get up for food. Heats also abate sooner, the after-effects aren't as severe, and well. You can get on with your life sooner.
 
The problem is that you hadn't met someone you trusted enough to take care of you like that. Heats make you vulnerable, easily influenced, and less able to protect yourself if you need to, and the last person you really want to be in that situation with is some careless fratboy that's happy to score before the kegger party that following weekend.
 
"Well...what about Taehyung?"
 
You roll your head to the side, confused. "What?"
 
Minji shrugs, her eyes sparkling. "Why don't you ask Taehyung to share your heat with you? You've been friends for two years now, right?"
 
"Um. Yeah." You stare up at the ceiling, thinking.
 
Kim Taehyung. Fox shifter, sophomore, more interested in babies and puppies than actually studying for his classes but still somehow manages to ace every subject thrown his way. You'd met two years ago, in an introductory bio course, and had been lab partners for the year. Now he’s one of your closest friends, when he could drag himself away from playing video games with Jimin and Jeongguk or volunteering at the local elementary school.
 
You pause. It's not a bad idea. But.
 
"I don't know... he's been pretty busy lately, with midterms, and he's trying to qualify for his teaching license early so he can work in Daegu this summer."
 
"You should still ask him. He might not be as busy as you think."
 
"Maybe." You sit up finally and grab your phone from your bedside table, before noticing the mess you'd made of your textbooks and notes on the floor in your earlier haste to check the calendar and sighing morosely. "...Plus it's Taehyung."
 
Minji waits, her expression blank, expectant. "So?"
 
"You don't think that'd be a little weird?"
 
"Uh, no? Taehyung's gorgeous. He's in the top ten on campus, at least. Although he still has a way to go before he's as beautiful as Seokjin-sunbae," she sighs dreamily at the mention of the soft-hearted hamster shifter, a second year grad student that had become something of a campus legend for his blindingly attractive face and oceans-wide shoulders. "And you've been friends for a long time, so you'd be comfortable with him. Right?"
 
You shrug, scrolling through your twitter feed so you can pretend you're not paying attention, but now that the idea's been planted there, it's hard not to think about it. You'd had a crush on Taehyung, those first few months working together, a serious one that still kinda bubbled up to the surface every now and then when he did something too adorable for normal, friend-zone emotional responses. But you'd realized pretty quickly that he didn't see you as anything more than a friend and that his overly familiar skinship is just a part of who he is. Actually, you're relieved that he seems to share less of that with you, because you've seen him grab Jimin and Jeongguk by the crotch in public, and you have no idea what you would do if Taehyung ever… well.
 
When Minji nudges you on the knee, you just shrug again, curling your lips together to keep from speaking.
 
"Or you could ask him if any of his friends are interested? Like, I don't know, maybe you could take powerhouse Jeon for a ride. You'll never be the same, sweetie." She looks off in the distance, looking both haunted and nostalgic, before adding, "Or Jimin might do it. No, wait, he's in a relationship, isn't he. With the short, scary tiger shifter."
 
"No, Jimin's dating Namjoon, remember? You're thinking of Min Yoongi, but they're only friends," you say, with only a hint of doubt, because while you're positive that they're a couple, you've also noticed some weird, sexually-charged moments with the three of them over the past few months, whenever you'd joined Taehyung's movie nights. Finding Nemo had felt decidedly less pure when two-thirds of the room were making serious bedroom eyes at each other.
 
"Still. Maybe he'd know someone looking for a hot week-long roll around in the sheets. "
 
"Why are you so interested in finding me a heat partner?" You ask suspiciously. "Do you not want me having my heat here? I know I was a handful last time. Was I too loud or--or--"
 
"No!" Minji shouts immediately, lurching forward on the bed and wrapping an arm around your waist when you try to squirm away. "No, that's not it at all! You were fine, the entire time. I wouldn't have even known you were in heat, except for whenever I brought you food or had to open the door to your room, or the fact that I didn't see you outside of it for seven days. And I was happy to look after you. Really."
 
You examine her expression doubtfully. "Then why..."
 
Minji shifts uncomfortably on the bed, rolling from one leg to the other, before she offers you a sad smile. "I'm just asking, because...you had such a rough time, back in August. I was really worried about you. In three days, you lost ten pounds or something crazy like that, and your face just looked--you looked like you were in pain. And sick." Her hands fiddle with the edge of her sweatshirt, balling up the fabric before straightening it out again with fidgeting fingers. "For a day or two there, I thought I'd need to take you to the hospital."
 
"Oh."
 
Heats could be rough. The amount of pressure it put on the body, how every organ practically went into overdrive with the instinct to become fertile, optimal for breeding, ready for mating (and a million other things you aren’t ready for). Dehydration is a typical problem with every heat and is one of the more dangerous aspects of heat week when you're on your own, with no one there to help remind you to hydrate. You usually ended your heat with the trifecta of post-heat symptoms: sleep-deprived, ravenous, and dehydrated.
 
Last year had admittedly been one of the roughest heats yet. You'd been applying for this special scholarship for the following spring that required you to write several essays, hold interviews, and create a few tentative projects for the department, all while maintaining your normal course load. Your heat had snuck up on you, like now, but much sooner than expected. You'd gone into full-blown pre-heat symptoms while having coffee with Taehyung by the university, and it'd only been his single-minded determination (and will of steel) and pure luck that had gotten you back to your apartment in time to sequester yourself.
 
"I didn't know," you murmur apologetically, leaning into her side slightly to offer comfort. "I'm sorry I worried you that much."
 
"You don't need to apologize for that, idiot," she replies fondly, pinching your knee and nudging you in the side. "You were fine. I knew that, rationally, but it was still kinda hard to see my sweet little Y/N like that. I'm supposed to look after you, as your friend and honorary older sister."
 
"By five months, big deal," you gripe, scowling, but her words make you smile.
 
"I thought, maybe you need to start alternating between going solo and having a partner. Maybe your body has been noticing all the pheromones in the air and that's why it was worse last time, or something." Minji shrugs. "I'm no expert on it, and it's a bit too late to schedule an appointment with your doctor to ask. Oh, but you could call their office! I bet she'd know."
 
"Maybe."
 
You tuck that away in your mind to consider, along with the suggestion about Taehyung. You were positive Taehyung didn't have feelings for you, but he might agree to help you with your heat if you ask him to. And that's the last thing you want, really, because there are a lot of things your friendship could outlast but sharing seven days of too intimate, ridiculously hot sex, with your feelings still sitting on the back burner, only to return to normal like nothing happened... wasn't one of them.
 
 

 
"So you're both leaving soon, right?"
 
Jeongguk pauses on the threshold of the kitchen, bowl of cereal in hand as he stares at Taehyung with wide eyes. Even Jimin looks up from his phone, his expression shifting from dewy-eyed to shocked and vaguely insulted in a split second.
 
"Uh, rude?" Jimin says sharply.
 
Taehyung tries to look sheepish and manages to feel maybe half of it. "Sorry. It's just almost two."
 
Jeongguk looks at the clock on the front of the stove, where the time 1:44pm glows in pale green, before glancing back at Taehyung, looking confused as he shovels Lucky Charms into his mouth. "So?"
 
Taehyung frowns at him, his leg bouncing under the table. He’d been up since seven, showered, finished breakfast, and cleaned up the living room before Jimin had left for his morning workout. All without coffee too. "So Y/N is coming over to study for a few hours and I asked you guys to clear out for the afternoon? To study in peace and quiet?"
 
Jimin snorts, hip braced against the kitchen counter. "Mhmm, to 'study.'" He's already dressed to go out, his hair swept back from his forehead and styled in silky black waves, wearing a too big peach sweater and the tightest jeans he owns because Jimin likes to dance that line between adorable and sexy and 'it drives Joonie wild.'
 
"Oh. I'd forgotten," Jeongguk admits, before tipping the bowl back and swallowing the rest of his cereal in long gulps, two small streams of milk slipping past his lips and sliding down his neck. It's a testament to how much Jimin's in love with Namjoon that he doesn't even glance over. "Can't I just stay in our room? I just bought a new game, kinda want to play it...."
 
Taehyung stares at him. Hard enough that Jeongguk shifts uncomfortably in the doorway and a trickle of testosterone creeps into the air as his lion senses a challenge. Taehyung sighs and looks away first even when his fox bristles at the idea of backing down, but he's never been one to start fights over territory or dominance. But this is different. It shouldn't be, but it is.
 
It always is, when you're involved.
 
Jimin seems to sense his internal struggle and take pity on him, because he loops his arm around Jeongguk’s neck and says, "Come play at Joon's place, Gukkie. We'll be out most of the afternoon, and I know Hobi-hyung would appreciate the company."
 
Jeongguk frowns. He's still in his pajamas, hasn't showered and is still waking up after spending all night working on a project. The bags under his eyes resemble the color of eggplants, and on a normal day, for any other person, Taehyung would relent. He'll make it up to Jeongguk later, but for now he wants him out of the apartment in whatever way works.
 
"But why? It's just Y/N," Jeongguk is saying as he drops his bowl in the sink without rinsing it, heedless of Jimin's glare, "She'd be cool with it. Hell, she might want to play once you guys finish with whatever."
 
Yeah. You might be cool with playing video games with Jeongguk after studying. That's the problem, Taehyung thinks.
 
Jimin takes one look at the carefully blank expression on Taehyung's face, before intervening again, softly, "It's been a while since Tae had time to hang out with Y/N." He waited a second to see if the maknae would pick up his subtext before sighing. "He's missed her. A lot." Jimin stares at him meaningfully.
 
Jeongguk seems about to argue when it clicks. "Oh. Uh...wait, what? Hyung, you and Y/N?"
 
Taehyung glances at the clock again. 1:51pm. "Maybe. If she feels the same. If you two ever leave the apartment." If he ever gets the nerve to say anything.
 
"Okay, okay, come on, before Taetae gives himself a migraine," Jimin huffs, herding Jeongguk into their shared room quickly and tossing a hoodie and jeans at him.
 
Taehyung watches from the hallway, his attention split between Jeongguk struggling to slip his legs into his pants, tilting from side to side, and listening for a knock on the front door. You always knock before coming in, even though he leaves the door unlocked when you're coming over. Taehyung thinks it's cute. A lot of things about you are cute. You're cute.
 
He checks his phone again, the display blinking 2:01pm. 
 
You're also late.
 
As Taehyung hustles Jimin and Jeongguk to the front door, he has a second to be grateful for that, when he hears it. The knock.
 
Jimin clears his throat before pulling the door open, his sweet smile at the ready, when they all freeze, rooted to the spot in the entryway of the apartment.
 
You're digging through your bag, unaware that the door's opened, dressed in a soft grey sweater that used to be Taehyung’s and jeans, scuffed up white tennis shoes tracking the rain in from outside. Your hair looks a bit wild, a bit damp, tossed by the wind and the storm on your way into the building. Your cheeks and neck are flushed, soft baby pink the way Taehyung likes and adores and thinks about in the middle of the night when he's not supposed to but can't stop himself. You look cute, comfy, like you've just rolled out of bed and headed over, but it's more than that.
 
It's so much more than that.
 
The second the door had opened, your scent had slipped in, sweet and thick and syrupy on his tongue, and every instinct in his body, man and animal, had stood at attention. You usually smell sweet, a hint of vanilla and coconut in your hair, clean flowery cotton clinging to your clothing from your laundry detergent, and something that he can only describe as you, warm and comforting and natural. Taehyung had grown addicted to that smell in the past year, to the point that he gleefully pocketed any scarf or pair of gloves you happened to forget at their apartment. He still had the scarf you'd loaned him back in December, hidden in the back of his dresser, now completely devoid of your smell from that week where he'd kept it by his pillow. He can't bring himself to give it back.
 
But there's something glaringly, obviously, unavoidably different about how you smell today. Under the layers of rain and city air, mild vanilla and flowers, there's a new scent, tangy, sharp but sweet like citrus, drifting through his senses and causing his mouth to go from bone dry to salivating in a millisecond. Taehyung's only ever tasted that flavor once before, even though it's haunted his dreams for months. Heat. You're close to your heat.
 
Taehyung swallows a small lake in his mouth.
 
Jeongguk takes a deep breath, purely out of instinct, but it sends Taehyung crashing back to reality, shakes him back into his feet standing in their entryway, to his hands still braced against his friends' backs, to you standing in the doorway and smiling.
 
"H--hi, Y/N!" Jimin greets you, his pupils darker and larger than they'd been minutes before, but he smiles through it like he doesn’t notice.
 
"Hey, Jimin, Jeongguk," you say, before looking over their shoulders at Taehyung. "Tae."
 
Jeongguk licks his lips, stares too hard at the collar of your sweater for a second, before Taehyung elbows him in the back. "Y/N," Jeongguk murmurs, deeper than his usual voice, and Taehyung knows--he knows Jeonguk can't help it, it's instinct, it's biology, it's nature, but in that moment he kind of hates his stupid, musclebound brick wall of a maknae that purrs girls' names and smirks when they get wet.
 
You even look a bit surprised, your mouth curling into a small 'o' before you smile again, this time sheepishly, a half turn of your lips. "Ah, yeah, sorry about the--well, you know."
 
Jeongguk opens his mouth to say something, his gaze slipping into fuckboy territory, but thankfully Jimin casually reaches over his arm and plants his fist squarely in Jeongguk’s stomach. He then wraps an arm around the maknae's neck when he bends over, winded.
 
"You're fine," says Jimin, smirking as he keeps Jeongguk in a headlock. "We're actually on our way out."
 
"Oh?"
 
"Yep! I've got a date, and Jeonggukkie’s going to bully Hobi-hyung into buying him lamb skewers, probably."
 
Taehyung licks his lips, forcing back a shiver when he can taste citrus on his tongue, and helps Jimin out the door, waving merrily when Jeongguk rips himself out of the grip and glares at them. "Have fun! Make good choices! Don't get thrown out of the restaurant again!"
 
"That was one time!" Jimin shouts back but he beams as he trails behind Jeongguk into the elevator. Just before the door closes, Jimin reaches a hand up and pinches his nose.
 
Taehyung holds the door open as you slip past him into the apartment, and he just knows the rest of the day will be a new kind of torture. Studying for hours, trapped in this small space with you, with your scent tinged in heat and pheromones. If he makes it out of this without having to rub one out in the bathroom, he's officially more of a man than Jeongguk.
 
"Hey, I hope they're not leaving because of me," you're saying, brushing your hair behind your ear. A whiff of vanilla, coconut, and heat hits him in the face. He chokes for a second. "I hadn't realized it was that bad yet. Minji didn't say anything when I left."
 
Taehyung leads the way into the living room where his textbooks and laptop are already set up on the coffee table. "No. They were supposed to leave earlier, Jeonggukie just woke up late. It's not you."
 
The curtains were pulled back, giving way to a view of a rainy afternoon through their windows, and if only it were sunny he could crack open one or two (or all of them) to let fresh air in. Taehyung stares longingly at the fan sitting in the corner of the living room, for when the apartment grew hot and muggy in the summertime, but he couldn't turn it on now. Not when you were clearly self-conscious about your scent.
 
"Oh. Okay." You finish shucking your shoes by the door and follow him, your socked feet sliding on the floor. With a quick glance around the room, you drop your backpack by the table and tug your jeans higher on your hips before sitting down on the floor, using a couch pillow as a cushion. "Did you guys stay up late?"
 
"I didn't." Technically not a lie. He was in bed by 11pm. He wasn't sleeping, but he was in bed. "Gukkie had a project due this morning, so he pulled an all-nighter." Taehyung stares at the cushions adjacent to yours, at the open space on the opposite side of the table. He doesn't know what the right answer is. Does he sit farther away to keep a safe distance? Or does he sit closer to you and tempt fate? Taehyung snorts to himself. He's going to have blue balls all afternoon anyway, might as well enjoy it while he can.
 
"Tae? You okay?"
 
Taehyung looks up and smiles, like he's not staring almost certain doom in the face. "Yep. Hungry? Want any snacks before we study?"
 
"Dangerous question to ask right now," you laugh before blushing, embarrassed. "Maybe later? I've been craving tea and cookies all day, but I don't want to gain ten pounds in one week."
 
It's on the tip of his tongue, waiting as impatiently as it had from the beginning. You’re beautiful. Taehyung rolls his lips together to keep it from slipping out, but he wants to tell you weight didn't matter to him. You'd look just as adorable with full cheeks, thick thighs, a round tummy. Ten pounds. Fifteen. Wait, how much did babies wei--
 
The thought gives him whiplash serious enough to carry over into reality, the bones in his neck cracking as he looks away from you. Oh god. He's already thinking about it. Heat. Mating. Babies. Oh fuck.
 
"Taehyung?"
 
You'd paused in the middle of spreading your textbooks on the table, your pencil pouch with dancing bananas in a baby blue background and calculator sitting by your elbow. You'd taken off your rain jacket in the hall, and the sight of you in his sweater, the one that he'd worn so often it's now soft and thin, the collar so stretched it's lopsided, just barely holding onto the curve of your right shoulder, is almost too much. On a good day, he wants to nuzzle the sweet skin along your neck, wants to tease your collarbone between his teeth. Teased by the scent of your heat, he's ready to mark that neck until it's bruised and red and slick from his mouth, until other shifters can't get within a mile of you without knowing.
 
"It's the way I smell, isn't it."
 
Taehyung jumps at the loud clap of your textbook closing and realizes he's still standing, has been since he'd come into the room. He blinks quickly, like that will clear the fog from his mind, but he nearly throws himself to the ground when you start sliding your notebooks back into your bag.
 
"Wait! What are you-- we're supposed to study all afternoon, right?"
 
You pause, still frowning. "I knew I shouldn't have come smelling like this. I thought, since it's still a week away, it'd be okay, but..."
 
Taehyung shakes his head earnestly, clapping hand down onto your pencil pouch and taking it hostage when you reach for it. "It is! You're fine! I'm fine!"
 
Your brow furrows as you say, incredulously, "Then what was that?"
 
"What?"
 
"The staring? Not answering when I call your name?"
 
Taehyung lies so quickly his mother would be ashamed. "That? I was thinking about which snack I wanted. You thought I was thinking about you?" He laughs to keep calm and gets to his feet, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. "I mean, you do smell good enough to eat, but....."
 
Why did he say that?
 

Why did he say that?

 
He waits, horrified, as a flush rises along your neck and cheeks. You tug the errant sleeve of the sweater back over your shoulder and look away, embarrassed. How many times is he going to screw this up in just ten minutes? That black hole he begged to suck him into the void is not coming fast enough.
 
"So... you're completely fine? You're not affected by it? At all?"
 
After a second, Taehyung just shrugs, because he doesn't want to outright lie again so soon after his first one but he also doesn't want you to be uncomfortable around him. Thankfully, the shrug seems to be enough, because your shoulders relax and you set your notebooks back on the table.
 
"Oh. Right."
 
He watches the return of the textbook and calculator to the coffee table with a rush of relief, the thin electric panic in his stomach settling. He could do this. He could enjoy an afternoon with you, just studying, just talking, making you laugh and smile, without losing it over your heat scent. He could sit through five hours with a semi in his pants if it meant he'd finally spend time with you again after weeks working tireless toward his dream. Taehyung takes a deep breath, determinedly ignoring the thrum of lust slipping through his veins in response to your scent, and heads to the kitchen.
 
"Taehyung?"
 
"Yep?"
 
The smile on your face looks stiff. "My pencil case?"
 
He follows your gaze to his chest. Oh. He's still clutching the case to his chest. He tosses it back with a wide smile before heading into the kitchen to drown his nose in greasy kimchi-fried rice from the night before.
 

 
 Taehyung's not interested in you.
 
Just like you'd thought.
 
You glance at the time on your phone, pen spinning in your hand as you wait for Taehyung to come back from the bathroom. Two hours into studying, and you could only remember half of the things you'd reviewed. It's a lot harder to think with him so close, the familiar spicy musky scent, with just a splash of strawberry from his shampoo, of him tickling at the edges of your senses like every fantasy you wouldn't let yourself have. You almost wish he'd sat on the other side of the table rather than right next to you, because you can't turn your head to look at him without getting an eyeful of his broad chest and shoulders, the thick muscle of his neck. Almost, because somethings are too beautiful to not appreciate, even if it hurts.
 
You lean over the table and drop your forehead, taking shelter in the shadow of your crossed arms. His blasé attitude about your heat was enough to have disappointment slipping down your spine like a cold shower, but really you're more disappointed in yourself for getting your hopes up. Again. It'd probably be graduation before you'd get over this crush, when you're both dragged in different directions, for different jobs, maybe even different cities.
 
"Sorry. What number are we on?"
 
You reluctantly sit up and watch as Taehyung lopes around the table and settles into the cushion in one fluid movement. "Forty-seven. How much coffee did you have this morning? That's, like, the fourth time you've gone to the bathroom."
 
"Three cups. Why?" Taehyung grins, bracing his arm on the table again and scooting closer. His knee brushes against your thigh under the table, and a ripple of tingles radiates from the spot. A thrum of energy spreads over your back and neck, an awareness prowling beneath your skin, stronger than pre-heat symptoms should be. Maybe it really was a mistake to come visit Taehyung with your heat next week. Sometimes they could be triggered early by certain things.
 
You shake your head, at his admission and to clear your mind. "You're going to give yourself a heart attack someday. Do you have any idea how much caffeine that is? I know you guys drink dark roast."
 
Taehyung scoffs, picking up his pencil and biting the end. "It's fine~ it’s just coffee, Y/N. I put like half a bottle of creamer in mine anyway, so really it's not that much coffee." His grin grows toothier when you groan, exasperated. "We go through it so fast, it hardly makes a difference anyway. Better than Jeongguk and his Redbull."
 
"That's the truth," you sigh, rolling your eyes, but you point your pencil at him. "Not that his worse behavior excuses your bad behavior. At least with Jimin living here now, you eat vegetables twice a week."
 
Taehyung scowls playfully, his eyes shining. You're struck by the urge to kiss the mole on his nose, and it takes more willpower than it should to keep still. "It's so gross. I don't know how he eats it-- tastes like a pile of soggy leaves or stringy grass or something."
 
You can only imagine Jimin's struggle to keep both Taehyung and Jeongguk, notoriously whiny and ramyeon-addicted picky eaters, somewhat healthy and not nutrient-deprived. "Wild foxes are omnivorous, aren't they? Don't they eat plants all the time?"
 
"Not this wild fox," Taehyung drawls, his smirk turning sharp and sexy. You swallow thickly, rolling your eyes and ignoring the answering skip of your heart. His face suddenly feels closer than before, that tempting little freckle barely two feet from your face.
 
"Well, you should," you reply weakly, cheeks burning. You plant a hand on his shoulder and push him back, shaking your head at his antics even as your hand feels burned by the firmness under your fingers. "Now, come on. We need to finish this study guide before dinner."
 
"Can't we take just a ten minute break?" He whines, dialing up the pout and puppy eyes when you glare.
 
"We just did."
 
"Bathroom breaks don't count."
 
God, this man-child.
 
"Fine," you sigh, pressing your hand to your forehead as he whoops in victory. "Just five minutes, Taehyung. We have to get through the theorems today."
 
"We will~ Don’t worry.”
 
You push away from the table and lay on your back, eyes slipping closed as the coolness of the floor soothes your neck and head, sinks into the back of your sweatshirt. The week before a heat starts, your body runs just a few degrees hotter than usual, like the prickle of heat and energy over your skin after jogging on a summer afternoon. Your muscles also feel a bit sore as well, joints creaky and bones out of alignment, frequent headaches and food cravings, as if the heat itself wasn't enough discomfort to deal with. You swiped your tongue over your dry lips, wanting a glass of water or tea but too tired to get up for it.
 
"Taehyung," you start, more to distract yourself than anything else, "what are you doing next week?"
 
A beat of silence before the rustle of clothing follows, and he flops onto the ground next to you. "Nothing. Probably do stuff around the apartment. Laundry. Grocery shopping. Nothing important. Why?"
 
"Just wondering," you murmur, but that familiar sting of hurt creeps into your chest again. Guess the question hadn't been as idle as you'd thought. But he didn't offer to help you, so you suppose that’s answer enough. "Guess you're tired, huh? Haven't seen you much in a few weeks, with your license training."
 
"Yeah," says Taehyung, his voice soft and deep and rough, like his throat's dry. "It's been a while."
 
You wait for him to say something else, but it doesn't come. A few minutes pass, longer than five, maybe longer than ten, but you're too comfy to care, wrapped in your sweater and Tae's scent on the floor of his apartment. You feel a slight tug on your sleeve and roll your head to the side, something between a smile and a grimace on your lips. "Wish my heat wasn't next week. We could've hung out again."
 
Taehyung hums, the sound closer than you'd realized. The grip on your sleeve tightens. You can feel the faintest puff of his breath nearby.
 
Minji's advice drifts across your thoughts, her echoed suggestion to ask Taehyung if he had a friend interested in sharing your heat, if Taehyung said no. On the one hand, the thought turns your stomach. It feels like a betrayal of your feelings, however unrequited, however stupid and unwanted, and you've never been the kind of person that liked sex without caring for the person, at least a little. Being cared about in return. 
 
But Minji had a point, when she said it might be time to look for a partner, every now and then. That your heats might be growing worse after so long handling it by yourself. It wouldn't hurt to ask Taehyung. You could trust someone he recommended. Even if it was....Jeongguk.
 
"So. You're all just going to be hanging here next week?"
 
"Yep. Last I heard." His thumb's now stroking your arm through your sweater. He sounds sleepier than before, and you know you should get the both of you back up to study. You would. In a minute.
 
You lick your lips nervously. "...Even Jeongguk?"
 
A beat of silence. His thumb stops its movements on your sleeve.
 
Your breath suddenly feels stuck in your chest, and the embarrassment of even asking makes you want to crawl out of your skin. After several long minutes, full of something you can't name but dislike intensely all the same, Taehyung finally says, quietly. "Why Jeongguk?"
 
"Nevermind. Forget I said anything. I don't even--" the words start pouring out of you before your brain catches up, too eager to explain it away as your heart rabbits in your chest. "--Minji-unnie was saying--and she thinks that I should find someone this time, after how rough it was before, and--and Jeongguk was just the first person she said. It was a stupid idea. I don't even--"
 
You turn your head the other way, mortified. Your face feels like it’s on fire, and in your mind, Minji is officially removed from her post as favorite older friend because she gives the worst advice ever. "Not like he'd even want to," you mutter with a bitter laugh, because shifters of supermodel quality threw themselves at the three of them all the time, and why would they look at you when they had that?
 
"He would."
 
It takes a moment for Taehyung's words to sink in, but when they do, your eyes fly open in disbelief. You stare at the black screen of the TV, the jumble of video games stuffed into the stand and the glowing green power light on their Xbox, still too embarrassed to turn and meet his gaze. But you can feel it on you and the hairs at the back of your neck stand on end at the pressure. You'd just tried to not-so-subtly ask if his best friend was down to fuck you for a week. You might need to throw up.
 
But Taehyung doesn't wait for an answer.
 
"He would. You saw how he looked at you earlier, just before they left the apartment. Like he was ready to press you against the wall and give it to you right there, if you asked for it."
 
His words burn through you, like a match sparking tendrils of gunpowder, but you'd be lying if you said it was the idea of Jeongguk pressing you into that wall, Jeongguk whispering in your ear, when Taehyung is right there. He's right there, breathing into the back of your neck, his shadow spreading across your cheeks and the floor beneath your eyes.
 
"He would. Because you've got lips made for kissing. An ass that just won't quit. Lean thighs just begging to be wrapped around his hips. So fucking smart and fierce and sweet. Why wouldn't he? You're gorgeous."
 
Taehyung is swearing.
 

Taehyung is swearing.

 
A hand slips into your hair, tugging you gently but firmly back, and he's leaning over you now, his over arm braced by your shoulder. There's an expression on his face that you've never seen before, tight and hurt but burning from the inside, a grimace turning his thick lips, the muscles in his jaw clenching and releasing in quick succession.
 
"He would. But don't ask him," he whispers, his gaze dark and hard and pleading. "Please."
 
"Taehyung." Your voice is too soft, barely audible in the quiet of the room, but you can't think. You can't understand what's happening in this moment, your thoughts moving so sluggishly that you're still caught on his words, the way he'd described your lips, your body, the rough way he'd said it, a mix between a growl and a purr, his swearing--Taehyung never swears--
 
"Ask me."



Chapter 2




“Ask me.”

 
 
“You…want to…”
 
You stare up at Taehyung, dumfounded, before pressing a hand to his shoulder and pushing him back until you can sit up. You need to be upright for this conversation, to not be so close to him with his scent filling your lungs and sending heat shivers down your neck and back. You feel like he just ripped the floor out from under you. “Taehyung.”
 
He’d let you push him back but hadn’t moved far, watching from a couple feet away with an unreadable expression. He somehow manages to look both stubborn and vulnerable, his mouth turned down into a frown.
 
“You’re…offering to….” You trail off again, finally looking away and staring down at your hands. Ask me. Ask me ask me ask me. Two words. Two tiny words. And yet he might as well be speaking a different language. There’s an odd whirling in your ears, like the roar of the wind just before the first big drop on a rollercoaster. “You know what that means, right?”
 
He only stares back, waiting.
 
“That means having sex with me. For days. Practically nonstop.”
 
Something dark slips into his eyes, heavy-lidded and warm. A slight shudder runs down his back. “I know,” he replies, his voice throaty. “I know what heat is.”
 
“Then—wait, where is this coming from?” You ask, slightly dazed at the sudden rush of arousal the look inspires but bewildered. “Is this because—because I asked about Jeongguk? You don’t need to be my heat mate because you think I don’t have other options, Taehyung. I can handle it by myself if I need to.”
 
“I want to help you handle it,” he says, leaning forward and fixing you with a determined, heated stare.
 
You search his expression for some clue, some hint that would help you understand what he’s thinking. Why he would suddenly offer to share your heat after two years of mostly platonic friendship. “Why?”
 
“I’ve liked you for a long time.” His frown deepens when you gape at him. “Really.”
 
“You—wait, what? You like me?”
 
“Yes.”
 
“I—just hold on a second.”
 
But now that he’s finally said it, the words start to pour out of him in long, breathless streams. “I—I kept waiting for a sign, or for you to say something. I’ve been trying to figure out a way to ask you out for months now, and this afternoon I was going to—“
 
“Taehyung, stop.”
 
He does, thankfully, screeching to a halt in the middle of a sentence, and it gives you a moment to breathe without your heart crawling up your throat. You feel like you’re on the edge of something monumental, a vibrating, nervous energy attempting to move your body in different directions, and the pre-heat buzzing around in your brain isn’t helping. “I—I’m—my heat is next week. I’m swimming in hormones right now.”
 
Taehyung’s tongue swipes across his mouth in a flash of bubblegum pink. “I know. You smell good.”
 
You take a deep breath and force your gaze away from his lips. “But that’s just it. With the way I smell right now, you could be—it could be affecting you right now. Your body…your feelings.”
 
Taehyung’s head jerks back, a scowl twisting his expression. The difference from his typical, childlike joy is so startling that you pause. “I just told you I’ve been thinking about you for months.” His stare bores into the side of your face, intense to the point that it’s difficult to meet his gaze. “You think I don’t know my own feelings? You think I would lie to you about that?”
 
“No, I…” you start, before admitting, quietly, “Not on purpose, at least. But, Taehyung, we’ve always been close, as friends, and… except for that time last year, we’ve never been around each other while in heat. What if you think you have feelings for me, because I’m like this?” What if you’re only reacting like this because of Jeongguk and misplaced jealousy? What if we do this and I fall even harder, only for you to rise out of the sheets saying’ that was fun but we’re better off as friends, yeah?’
 
You plant your hands on the floor and shift until you’re facing him, his tight shoulders, upset expression and all, before reaching across the gap. Your hand slips under his, broad palms and long fingers engulfing your own until the size difference looks almost comical. They feel almost cold against the fever just below the surface of your skin.
 
“Heat can mess with your head. Make you feel things you—you might not, on a normal day. I just,” you sigh, biting your lip. He’s watching your hands, stroking the tip of his index finger along your palm. “…want to make sure that we come out of this with our friendship still intact. I don’t mean to ignore or—or not trust what you’re saying, but…” I’m too scared to believe it. “I don’t want to lose my best friend.”
 
Taehyung sits silently for a few seconds, mulling over what you’ve said, before he looks up earnestly. “I don’t want to be just friends. I want to be more than that.”
 
Your mouth drops open in shock and you’re forced to look away, to hide what his words do to you. Trust Taehyung to be blunt and honest about what he wants. He’s never been the kind of guy to beat around the bush—subtle, he’s not, but you’ve always appreciated the part of him that knows what he wants and chases after it confidently. He’s cunning, like his breed’s namesake are known to be, knows how to tease and flirt and act, but Taehyung’s never indecisive. The means might change, but the end is always the same.
 
You aren’t sure what to feel about that, now that you’re faced with the possibility of being that ‘end.’
 
“Taehyung.”
 
“I’ll stop saying it after this,” he interrupts, voice firm but soft. “But I want to be clear. I don’t want you to misunderstand. I know myself. I know what I feel, what I want out of this, and that’s not going to change. If you don’t feel the same, then we should probably talk about that now.”
 
“I didn’t say that.” The words are out of your mouth before you realize what you’ve said. You flush and look down at your lap, mortified. You try to draw your hands back to ball them into the hem of your sweater, but he traps them tightly in his. His words had left a swirling mixture of feelings inside you, warm and anxious and giddy. “I mean. I just think that we should focus on getting through it first, and…after the heat’s finished…. Then we can talk about what happens later,” you say, so quiet now that your voice is just above a whisper.
 
Taehyung considers this silently, but a small smile curls the edges of his lips and his eyes seem to sparkle in the dim afternoon sunlight. “All right.”
 
You glance up. “Really?”
 
“Really. I get it.”
 
“Okay. Good. So. That’s settled, then.”
 
“Yeah.”
 
You nod, bemused, before the realization of what you’d just agreed to really sinks in. You’d agreed to spend your heat with Taehyung. After he’d asked you. After he’d said he’s had feelings for you. For months. You’re too caught up on the specifics of that, on the mind-blowing idea of spending days constantly having sex with Kim Taehyung, to even think about the aftermath. The conversation you’d have once it was over.
 
Fuck.
 

 
 
Sunday passes in a blur of confusion and denial, interrupted by periods of anxiety and hesitant euphoria when you remember the day before, when you check your phone and find twenty messages from Taehyung asking questions and clarifying details about your heat, when he notified you with six eggplant emoji’s that he’d managed to grab an appointment at the student health center tomorrow to run a sexual health panel just to be safe. You’d already scheduled an appointment in the afternoon with your gynecologist, a harried beaver shifter with that constantly made sexual jokes about her breed and her job but had amazing bedside manner, and were given the green light to a heat-induced free-for-all.
 
Minji had been insufferable for most of the day, carrying about her chores and studying with a smug smile on her face. She’d crowed in victory last night, before demanding a detailed play-by-play on what had gone down. She’d snorted at the mention of Jeongguk but her eyebrows rose to peak heights when you described, blushing, Taehyung pinning you to the floor.
 
“Not that I’m surprised,” she’d said, fanning herself with the collar of her shirt. “I called this a mile away. Good thing I tracked down Jinyoung yesterday and claimed his dick for the week. We can stay in his apartment.”
 
She’d headed off to the gym before you could force an answer out of her as to why she wasn’t surprised, her ponytail whipping around the door behind her in a last, smug salute. Left in the apartment alone, with only your thoughts and a constantly buzzing phone, you’d set about preparing your room for heat and getting dinner ready, wondering how you’d managed to miss any sign that Kim Taehyung had feelings for you.
 
God knows you stare at the boy whenever he’s around, drawn like a dim-witted moth to his flame.
 
 
 
“Y/N?” shouts Minji, her voice carrying into your room from her bedroom cross the hall.
 
“Yep?”
 
“Have you seen my pink sweater?”
 
“Nope,” you call back, staring down at Taehyung’s texts intently. For the past half-hour, an embarrassingly long amount of time, you’d been working up the courage to ask him to come over for a bit, to spend some time together. In the same room. Preferably, on the couch watching a movie, with his thigh touching your thigh, and his arm by your side or maybe around your—okay, fine, you want to cuddle. You want to drag that boy under a blanket and rub yourself all over him, to stick your face into his neck and drench yourself in his scent.
 
But the impulse feels hideously embarrassing, and you can’t bring yourself to ask.
 
“I put it in my laundry hamper just last night, and I’m trying to do a round of laundry before I vacate the premises.” Minji had opted to spend the week of heat at Jinyoung’s apartment, since Taehyung would be coming here. You’d considered spending it at his place for barely half a second before vetoing it, the idea of Jeongguk or Jimin hearing you in heat an immediate deterrent.
 
You hum back in reply. The little text-waiting bar blinks at you expectantly.
 
“You’re sure you haven’t seen it?” Minji asks, her footsteps growing closer down the hall. “Because last year, you—ah.”
 
You look over your shoulder when she laughs, catching sight of pink fabric at the end of your bed, hidden beneath your spare blankets. “Oh.”
 
Minji crosses the room in three, graceful strides and pulls the sweater out from under the blankets. She holds it up pointedly and laughs when you smile sheepishly. “So, the nesting has begun?”
 
“It’s not nesting!” You flounder for a moment, turning onto your side to face her. “It’s just—it’s instinctive, you surround yourself in familiar things when you know stuffs about to happen.”
 
“Uh huh, that’s nesting,” she says playfully, patting your calf at the end of the bed. “Easy, Y/N. I think it’s cute. But aren’t you supposed to be doing this with Taehyung’s clothes?”
 
“If I had easier access to them, I would,” you mumble, ashamed, before pressing your face into the duvet. “Sorry. I’ll try to stop.”
 
“It’s okay, sweetie,” Minji coos, patting your leg in small motions. "Like I said, it's cute. Although, given that you're going to be having crazy amounts of sex on this little island of stolen clothes, I'd rather you not take the clothes I love wearing recently. I'll pack a bag tonight just to make sure."
 
You shove back the urge to pout at the idea--if Minji took her clothes away, you'd have less material to make your bedroom comfy and smell like home, ready for next week—but, logically, you understand not wanting your best friend to have sex on top of your clothes. That'd be too uncomfortable, even for shifters.
 
"So Taehyung doesn't want to loan you his clothes? That's..." she trails off for a second, thoughtfully. "... unexpected."
 
"It’s not that he doesn’t want to. Wait, what do you mean?"
 
"Just that he makes such a big deal about scent marking you, before this heat stuff even began, so it's just weird to me that he wouldn't take the opportunity to practically drown you in his scent."
 
You digest this before turning over onto your back. "What are you talking about? Taehyung doesn't scent mark me."
 
An incredulous laugh slips past Mini's lips, her eyes widening in disbelief. "Hell yes he does. Are you serious right now?" When you only stare, she continues, a note of amusement in her voice, "he touches you all the time."
 
You roll your eyes. "Taehyung's just like that with everybody."
 
"He's not like that with me."
 
You pause before arguing, "Well, you haven't spent as much time around each other."
 
"Y/N, I spent two weeks with that whole group of boys at their cabin last summer. I talked to Taehyung plenty of times, heck, we even shared a couple s'mores, and he has never once acted around me like he does with you."
 
Your chest had grown oddly tight at the mention of the cabin. You'd spent the summer working in your hometown's local grocery store to pay off some of your student loan, so you'd missed the big party mid-July. The idea of beautiful Minji sitting with Taehyung by the fire, talking and laughing and sharing s'mores together...turns your stomach.
 
"You're reading too much into it," you sigh, grabbing your pillow above your head and dragging it down to prop under your chin. The screen of your phone still blinks tauntingly at you nearby. You should just text him. He said he's helped others with their heats before, he's had several himself. Taehyung should know what it's like. He won't think it's embarrassing or weird.
 
A hand slips through your hair, pressing against the sensitive skin at the nape of your neck and sending a storm of tingles down your back. You jerk away instinctively, one hand flying up to rub at the spot, as you give Minji a bewildered look. "What the hell, unnie?"
 
"See? We've been friends for two years, share the same space, and you steal my clothes during pre-heat. We're practically sisters, and that still felt weird, didn't it," Minji says knowingly, before wiping her hand onto the duvet. "And yet, Taehyung wraps his hand around your neck all the time."
 
"No, he doesn't," you start to say, before you pause and think back to past interactions with Taehyung, late night study sessions, meeting at coffee shops, back to parties and movie nights and coincidences in academic buildings. Does he touch your neck? You can't remember him doing it, but that's a weirdly specific thing for Minji to remember. "...does he?"
 
"And this," she adds, reaching across your back to hook her hand around your waist, her fingers ticking into your side and making you squirm away. "This." She brushes her hand through your hair, curling it behind your ear. "And definitely this," she murmurs, her hand slipping back to your waist, lower this time, just above the curve of your butt, "when he slips his fingers through your belt loops."
 
"Okay, Taehyung definitely doesn't do that. I would’ve noticed."
 
Minji shrugs, patience and holier-than-thou virtue writ large across her features, before she slips off the bed, her sweater hung over her arm. You can't help but send it a mournful look. "I know what I saw. Live in ignorance if you will." She hesitates before grumbling and throwing the sweater at you. "Fine, you can keep it. But I better get a new one for my birthday."
 
"Thank you, unnie," you beam, whipping the sweater up into your arms and curling around it, your nose pressed into the collar.
 
"The things I do for you." She shakes her head and heaves a long-suffering sigh, before pointing a finger at you. "But no more of my things, okay? Call Taehyung. He signed up for this, and I don't care that his clothes are from Gucci. He should be so fucking lucky that you'd deign to sweat on them."
 
You grimace. "His clothes are that expensive? I never noticed."
 
Minji coos from the doorway, "And I love that about you. My sweet little heathen."
 
With that, she waltz back down the hallway to her bedroom, humming a song under her breath.
 
Disgruntled, you turn back to your phone, hesitating when you caught sight of the shirt you'd put on that day, a worn long-sleeve t-shirt that you'd received as part of a 5k run years ago. Maybe you should try to dress up a bit more. Wear heels and pantsuits like an adult. Stop stealing clothes from your sister whenever you went home for holiday. For a minute, you think it over, before shrugging. That’s a problem for another day.
 
With a sigh, you tap out of your messages and toss your phone to the other side of the bed. Taehyung's a problem for another day as well. A burning itch awakens on your arm, the spot where you’d received the hormone shot prickling unpleasantly under its protective patch. You scratch it irritably, hating the shaky feeling of your muscles and the constant discomfort as the hormones flood your system, but you’d resigned yourself to the shot once you decided to find a heat mate this time.
 
Despite the minor (but annoying as fuck) side effects, the hormone shot is the best birth control for heats—condoms break too easily after multiple rounds, and the hormones you produce would clash with most latex materials. The last thing you want during a heat is an allergic reaction, even if it rubs you the wrong way that the onus is on you to provide the birth control. At the very least, Taehyung should have to get a shot too, even if it wouldn’t work on him.
 
Squirming in your own skin and unhappy about it, you drag the sweater up and burry your nose in the collar. You fall asleep that night surrounded by clothes and familiar scents, but the lingering urge to collect more keeps you restless until morning.
  

 
“So. Your test is on…Thursday, right?”
 
You tug your jacket tightly around you, squinting against the bright sunlight. A spring gust had blown into Seoul that night, carrying with it a new seasonal chill and drizzling rain. “Friday,” you reply shortly, reaching up to shove your scarf more securely against your burning cheeks. Even with pre-heat fever, you’re shivering in a winter coat, jeans and thermal tights, boots, and a scarf. You’d forgotten your gloves, to add to your misery.
 
“Damn. That’s unlucky,” Minji hisses in sympathy, before twining her arm through yours to share warmth. Not that she seems to need it—her skin glows with a healthy blush, fresh and dewy, and her thin sweatshirt seems to be enough to shield her from the chill. Her body temperature must run even higher than yours during pre-heat. Some shifters get all the luck. “I’m surprised your professor didn’t let you re-schedule until after your heat.”
 
“He said he would,” you admit, pressing harder into her side and ignoring the looks from other shifters walking past. “But I thought I’d do better just trying to take it before. Not like I’m going to remember much about the details of mammalian shifter metabolic functions after a week of having my brains fucked out.”
 
“I imagine you’d do pretty well on the reproduction bits, though,” Minji jokes, cringing away when you try to elbow her in the side.
 
You readjust your grip on her arm and tug her back, disgruntled at the cold that had slipped in when she’d moved away. “It’s easier this way.”
 
“You’re going to be cutting it pretty close.”
 
“I know.”
 
“Does Taehyung have the test on Friday too?”
 
“Mhmm. But his is after my class, he’s in the ten o’clock instead of the eight o’clock.”
 
Minji snorts. “Smart boy. Oh. Speak of the devil…” She nods her head to her right side.
 
You lean around her.
 
Taehyung, flanked by Jungkook and Jimin on either side, squeeze out of the packed university café, coffees in hand. Jungkook’s face looks drawn, his skin pale and the dark circles under his eyes like purple smudges on his typically golden skin, and he’s chugging the coffee back like a large shot. Like opposite sides of a coin, Jimin beams like a small sun, goodwill and optimism radiating from his smiling eyes and plump cheeks. What must be the tightest jeans on the planet have been painted onto his thighs and butt, just barely visible under the teasing hem of a baggy sweatshirt. He bends over to tug one ripped hole further up his thigh, and a car suddenly screams to a stop at the red light nearby, a wave of enraged car horns following hot on its heels.
 
“He literally stops traffic.”
 
“Goddamn, that’s a great ass,” Minji sighs, shaking her head. “Namjoon’s a lucky bastard.”
 
“Is it just me, or does Kookie look like three-course roadkill?” You ask, laughing for the first time that morning. “Next to Jimin, he looks like an extra from the set of the Walking Dead.”
 
“He just looks worse standing next to Jimin. And Taehyung, too. He’s wearing that Gucci silk blazer again,” she grumbles, glaring at the boys as they take the crosswalk onto main campus. “That’s what you should be stealing to pad your nest with. Actually, could you steal that? And then hide it for me afterwards?”
 
You roll your eyes and ignore her. Taehyung trails behind the other two, hastily stuffing a cinnamon bun the size of his face into his mouth. A gust of wind suddenly rips through campus, tugging your hair out from under your scarf and sending it whipping around your face. You curse under your breath, before tugging Minji in front of you like a shield. She goes along without protest, and that’s precisely why you love her.
 
When you retreat from her shoulder, Taehyung has finished his cinnamon roll and is staring across the grass at you with bright eyes.
 
“Oh, looks like we’ve been spotted," Minji murmurs under her breath, watching with glee as Taehyung turns on his heel and heads toward you two. "Wow, he fit that whole thing into his mouth in two bites. That's a good sign."
 
You glare at her. "You're the actual worst."
 
"What?" She blinks innocently. "I just meant that he's stocking up on sugars and carbs for next week. What were you thinking?"
 
"Shut up."
 
"Y/N!" Taehyung shouts across the yard, attracting curious stares from other students walking past. Jimin and Jeongguk, realizing that they'd lost one third of their trio, follow behind him at a much slower pace, Jimin's arm wrapped around Jeongguk’s in a vice grip. "Hey!"
 
You duck down slightly under the stares, even more conscious of how strongly you smell of heat even buried under three layers and the ferocious wind, but you lift your hand and wave as he gets closer. "Morning, Tae," you greet him, your voice muffled under your scarf.
 
Taehyung grins, skidding to a stop in front of you. Sticky white icing, dotted with cinnamon and flaky patches of pastry, is smeared across his cheeks and chin, the childish glee on his face almost too much for a Monday morning. His eyes sparkle, and if he'd been half-shifted, you know his tail would be wagging at top speed. "How was your weekend?"
 
"'Hi, noona! You're looking beautiful today!' Why, thank you, Taehyung, I know I do. Morning to you too," Minji cuts in sarcastically, but you can tell from her smile that she's not actually offended. It’s impossible to stay angry with Taehyung--Jimin had only managed about five hours, and this was after Taehyung had accidentally dyed his hair bright orange. Although his quick forgiveness might've had more to do with how gorgeous the color had looked on him than Taehyung's patented puppy eyes. Life as Park Jimin must be really nice, you think absently, before shaking your head and tuning back into the conversation.
 
"Noona," Taehyung greets her quickly, nodding, before turning back to you eagerly. "We missed you at movie night. It would've been your turn to pick, but since Gukkie was next we ended up watching the Avengers."
 
"For the ninth time this year," Jimin complains as he and Jeongguk finally catch up. Rather than launch into bickering as he normally would at even a hint of criticism for his favorite movie franchise, the maknae just sags against Jimin's shoulder and grunts.
 
"So sorry to have missed that," you deadpan, secretly pleased because this meant that it'd be another two months before you had to wage war with Jeongguk over movie night.
 
"Uh huh," Jimin scoffs, unconvinced, but he shoves his hair back from his face and tugs Jeongguk more securely onto his back. "Sure you are."
 
"Like you were even paying attention," Taehyung counters. His mouth curls into a pout, thick brows rising indignantly. "He spent the entire movie having foreplay on the couch."
 
"We were only kissing. And only during the battle scenes, you could barely hear us," Jimin shoots back, scowling, shoving Taehyung's shoulder. "Stop complaining already. Look, even Gukkie doesn't give a shit."
 
"Yeah, speaking of Jeongguk," Minji cuts in, her eyes narrowed on the maknae's face. "What the hell happened to him?"
 
Jimin pats his cheek with a small, patronizing hand, cooing at the ominous gurgle that rises from the younger boy's throat. "He thought it would be a good idea to eat the frozen pizza that's been sitting in the back of the fridge. Spent all night throwing up. I had to take a shower in Joonie's apartment this morning, the smell was so bad."
 
Still shivering, you curl your arms around yourself before smiling gratefully when Minji wraps an arm around your waist. "Passing over the obvious 'inconvenience' of showering at your rich boyfriend's place, the pizza was frozen, right? Shouldn't it have been safe to eat?"
 
The corner of Jimin's mouth quirks. "Theoretically, yes, but..."
 
"That pizza's been in the freezer since we moved in. The expiration date was scraped off the label," Taehyung supplies helpfully, his eyes fixed on Minji's arm around your waist. She squeezes pointedly and grins.
 
"We think it was a long-running joke of the residents that have come and gone," Jimin sighs wistfully. "Except now Gukkie's ruined the gag and his colon for the next few days. Hopefully this will be a life lesson, right, Jeongguk?"
 
Jeongguk's face is pressed against his shoulder, so you can't properly gauge his reaction to that assertion, but Jimin does jump, reach a hand around, and rubs his ass with a small scowl. Safe to assume he's not happy with it.
 
"Anyway," Taehyung interjects, stepping in between the two little groups and catching your arm. "Y/N, I brought back the notes you loaned me on Saturday."
 
The mention of Saturday has the memories of his rough voice and words, of being pressed between him and the floor, flooding back in and your cheeks flush at the reminder. A tiny throb of heat slips down your spine and suddenly you’re not as cold as before. "Oh. Okay."
 
Taehyung pulls you over to a nearby bench and tugs his backpack and coat from his shoulders. The shirt stretches, taught around his broad shoulders and slim waist but molds to his skin in smooth, gleaming purple waves, cresting over the bunched muscles of his back, teasingly open at the collar. A small mole sits on the side of his thick neck, tiny and brown and cute, just under his adam's apple. 
 
You want to fit your mouth against it and suck it into your mouth. The urge is so strong that you picture doing just that in your mind's eye, and it takes a moment afterward for you to realize you hadn't actually pushed him onto the bench and sat in his lap to put a hickey on that clean, golden skin.
 
"Y/N?"
 
You take a quick intake of breath through your nose before wrapping your scarf even higher up your face to hide the blush creeping up your neck. "Sorry. The notes?"
 
Taehyung's holding a stack of papers out to you, staring curiously. "Is it that bad?"
 
You glance up at him, horrified. "What?"
 
"The cold?" He lifts up a hand to test the air, before looking down at his silk shirt and slacks as the window ruffles the luxurious material. "You're wearing so many layers. I can't even see you under there," he says with a deep laugh, one hand reaching up to tug at your scarf. The tips of his knuckles brush against your cheek and you lean into it, instinctively seeking his warmth.
 
Taehyung pauses, the teasing slipping from his expression. His pupils dilate slightly, growing rounder as black swallows up some of the amber iris. His fingers slip further down your cheek, hooking into the fluffy scarf and drawing it down. You swallow thickly, feeling caught but somehow pleased about it, when a new hand grips your arm and draws you away.
 
"We've got class in five minutes, kids," Minji reminds you in an endlessly amused voice. "And we're in the middle of campus. Not the best time or place."
 
Taehyung blinks at her several times until the fog fades from his expression, before looking around. Streams of students are filing from academic buildings nearby, some rushing toward the next as the bell tower chimes the last quarter before the hour. He swallows thickly, before smiling, his expression wiped clean. "Right. Can't be late." He holds out the notes again, his grip lingering slightly before letting go reluctantly at a loud whine from Jeongguk, who looks a minute away from passing out.
 
"We should meet up again, right? To study and... talk some more. About next week." Some of the intensity in his eyes returns. "Text me?"
 
You nod before scooping up the notes and letting Minji tug you toward the sciences building and through the ocean of students. The place on your cheek where he'd touched you burns against the wind. You reach your classroom still a bit dazed, until Minji laughs.
 
"What?"
 
"Nothing. Just glad that you took my advice," she hums happily, before heading toward the stairs to her afternoon lab.
 
"What do you mean?" You try to ask, but she's already skipping out of sight. Sighing, you walk into the classroom and take the seat nearest the door, praying that your coat and sweater would be enough to dampen your scent. The wish seems to be in vain--you get an eyeful from every shifter that walks into the door but count yourself lucky that only three had shot you a greasy, interested look. You set the notes Taehyung had returned onto the table when you realize your arms still felt oddly heavy. You glance down.
 
Taehyung's expensive wool coat hung from your right arm.
 
You'd stolen his coat. You’d stolen Taehyung's coat without even realizing you were doing it.
 
For the first five minutes of class, you sit with your forehead pressed to the desk, ashamed at the strength of your urges and how little you seem able to control them. For the remaining forty-five, you diligently copy the professor word for word, the coat bundled up comfortingly in your lap. Every now and then, you lean forward slightly and press your face into the collar, where his scent has soaked in, rich and thick and saturating the fabric, and you're forced to stifle a purr that threatens to rumble through your chest.
 
 

 
"Taehyung, you got a minute?"
 
"Sure! What's up?" He answers immediately, grinning from ear to ear. Taehyung was sure you'd chicken out from calling him--he's ecstatic you did.
 
"I, uh, I'm at the grocery store getting stuff for next week. What kind of snacks do you want?"
 
Taehyung folds his legs into a pretzel shape on the bench, shifting his phone nearer to his ear as another wave of kids sprint into the playground. "You're already buying food?"
 
"Oh, are you at work? Is this a bad time?"
 
"Nope! It's just recess, we can talk." A four-year-old in pigtails runs by, shrieking so loud his eardrums ring, and he presses the phone to his shoulder for a second to shout, "Jisoo, be careful! Sorry, Y/N. You were saying?"
 
"Um. Snacks. For next week. Do you have a brand of protein bars you like? You're sure as hell not eating Doritos or Cheetos in my bed, so just don't."
 
"What about Fruit Roll-ups? Red Vines?" He asks teasingly before grinning at the judgement he can feel through the silence on the line. "Gushers?"
 
"Fuck you, Taehyung."
 
"You're about to, babe. So impatient." He licks his lips and smirks at the long-suffering groan over the phone.
 
"I'm gonna regret this so much. Even Jeon and his fucked-up colon are starting to look more appealing."
 
He swallows back the growl in his throat at the mention of Jeongguk, his hackles rising. Several kids playing in the sandbox nearby look up at the change in the air, alarmed. One of them, a small dog shifter, even half shifts at the smell and knocks over his bucket.
 
Taehyung winces and forces himself back under control, sending them a cheerful smile to calm them down. He probably shouldn't accept your calls around the kids-- his instincts are starting to get worked up from spending time with you. Not to mention the year's worth of feelings bubbling up from the dark abyss of his mind now that he's finally going to get to reenact some of those fantasies he's had about you.
 
"You love it," he counters, before picking up the question he'd dropped earlier. "I don't really care. Anything chocolate flavored is fine. Oh, actually, a bag of gummy bears would be good. A few boxes of Pocky. I really like the shrimp ramyeon, but I know you prefer the beef so we can just share that instead."
 
You're silent for a minute, before muttering, "This isn't for movie night, Tae. Are you being serious? You said you'd been with someone for their heat before."
 
"I know, I know. I'll be fine with whatever you buy, I promise."
 
You don't seem to believe him. Oh, well. 
 
He'd show you.
 
A heavy sigh ripples through the phone, sending scratching feedback into his ears. "I'll just grab what I can then. Anything to get out of here sooner."
 
"Oh? You don't like going to the grocery store? I love to," Taehyung prattles on, pausing to growl playfully at a group of kids running around in a game of tag. They shriek gleefully and scatter like marbles. "I could spend hours in the cereal section."
 
"...doing what? No, you know what, don't answer that," you huff. "No, I just hate going out before a heat. You know, the staring and all that. The random shifters that suddenly become too helpful with stupid shit, like reaching the top of a shelf or carrying your bags to your car."
 
Taehyung bites his lip, pushing another growl back down his throat. He'd noticed that on campus, had watched the crowd almost part around you and Minji that morning on your way to the science building, had seen the double-takes and the stares and the deep, searching breaths as they tried to catch your scent. A second later, he'd been ready to claw someone's eyes out. It'd taken Jimin's cautioning hand and Jeongguk's limp carcass being thrown over his shoulder to drag him away, but the strength of his possessiveness had alarmed him more than anything else. He'd never been the kind of shifter to get easily violent, even before a rut.
 
"You need something of mine to cover your scent," he says, biting his lip. "Next time we meet up, I'll bring some of my clothes."
 
You're silent on the other end of the line for a few seconds. "Um, yeah, actually that'd be really good."
 
A slow grin starts across his face. "Really good?"
 
"Helpful, I mean. Then people would stop trying to 'offer their services.'"
 
"Uh huh." Taehyung murmurs, slipping a hand into his pocket and pulling his emergency snack candy bar out of his jeans. "If only I'd worn my coat today. I could've sworn I wore it out of the house this morning, since Jiminie said it'd be cold, but I forgot. It's so sunny today I wouldn't have needed it anyway."
 
"...oh. Yeah, that would've been nice. I'm freezing out here."
 
"I'm so forgetful," he moans loudly, throwing in an extra one when the tiny shifter in the sandbox looks over curiously. "Only been your heat mate for four days, and already I'm falling down on the job."
 
"Better shape up, Tae. I've got a vibrator that could easily fight you for first place if you don't step up your game."
 
Taehyung sits bolt upright, latching onto that word instantly. "You have a vibrator?"
 
"...every adult shifter has a vibrator, Taehyung. Don't make it weird," you grumble, clearly embarrassed. He barely hears a word of it as his imagination runs wild: a vision of you wrapped up in your sheets, your skin flushed and slick with sweat, moaning into your pillow as you tease yourself with a vibrator--
 
"Fuck," he whispers. The sandbox kid's mouth drops open. He'll have to give that one a cookie later for his silence, Taehyung thinks distantly, trying to calm down after his dick went from chill to half hard in ten seconds flat in a fucking daycare. He needs to calm down before he gets fired. He needs to see that vibrator like he needs to breathe.
 
"Show it to me."
 
"What? No."
 
He considers arguing but knows he should pick his battles. Besides, he'd be spending several days at your apartment anyway, that's plenty of time to find every sex toy you had hidden away in that bedroom. "Killjoy," he pouts instead, filing the thought away for later. "Should I bring anything?"
 
"Clothes," you answer immediately, before coughing. He grins. "Mostly."
 
"Yeah? Like my shirts? Pants?" His voice drops lower. "Boxers?"
 
"Stop making this as embarrassing as possible," you whine into the phone, and a chuckle rumbles through his chest. He can practically hear the blush working its way up your face, the muffled sound of your voice when you bury your face into your arms. "Just normal stuff. And pajamas would be a good idea too. And your sheets."
 
"My sheets?" he asks, surprised. "The ones on my bed right now?"
 
Just a hint of a sound carries over, something between a moan and a whisper. "...yes."
 
Goddamn.
 
Taehyung closes his eyes for a second and just breathes. The past few days have felt like a dream, a soft, sweet-scented wet dream wrapped up in his clothes and his sheets and his scent, the promise of hot sex and cuddles, the girl he’d been in love with for nearly a year, snuggly and warm and satiated and his. And it’s growing more and more real to him by the second.
 
"You got it," he replies, in a voice too rough for an elementary school playground. "I'll remember my coat next time too."
 
"...right. Do that."
 
Taehyung pauses. "You're wearing it right now, aren't you. My coat."
 
"...maybe. Fuck, I'm sorry, I stole it before I knew what was happening."
 
If you could see the smirk on his face right now, you'd kick him in the balls.
 
"I knew it. Keep wearing it." When he can hear you bristling over the phone, he adds, "It'll stop assholes from hitting on you. Let them know you're taken. You'll be able to buy my Red Vines in peace."
 
".... fuck my life."
 
He's still laughing when the line drops.
 
 

 
You shuffle outside Minji’s door Wednesday night, nervously worrying at the loose strings of your shirt before knocking.
 
"Minji."
 
She looks over her shoulder, green tea face mask in place and her hair tied up in a bun. "Mhmm?"
 
"Um." You froze. You hadn't expected her to be in the middle of her nightly bedtime routine. You check your phone again, confused when the time read just 7:34pm. "Are you heading to bed early?"
 
"Yep. Had a shit day. Jinyoung was kind of a dick today, not sure if I wanna fuck him for a week anymore."
 
"That sucks," you say, walking around the side of her bed to pat her on the back. "Want to talk about it?"
 
Minji curls onto her back and smiles up at you, the mask crinkling around her cheeks and lips. "No, that's okay. He just.... it's not a big deal. Men." She rolls her eyes and fiddles with something on the screen of her phone. "I'm not all that mad, he's just a brat. Might make for some awesome angry sex, so I'm still kinda up for it."
 
"Wow, he must've done something if you're actually talking about angry sex," you say with a laugh. "That mask makes you look like a kappa demon."
 
"God, get out," she laughs, shoving at your butt where you're sitting on the comforter. "You watch too much anime. You and Taehyung deserve each other."
 
You blush and glance away, staring at the dancing pandas above her alarm clock and the tiny potted cactus under the heat lamp on her desk. Something warm and fuzzy and uncomfortable rises in your chest at the words, feelings you're not ready to address until your heats over and you can look Taehyung in the face without immediately thinking about his dick.
 
"Speaking of Taehyung... how shitty a roommate would I be if I wanted to invite him over?"
 
Minji looks up in surprise. "Now?"
 
"Um...yeah. For a movie."
 
She waggles her eyebrows. "Oh?"
 
"Just a movie. He's not staying the night."
 
Minji grins before pressing the mask back into her cheeks, winking through one of the eye holes. "Of course, you can invite him over, Y/N. It's your apartment too. God knows how many times I've sexiled you to your bedroom to do unspeakable things on the couch."
 
You stare at her for a moment. "Wow."
 
"What matters is that we never left anything behind." She pats your leg. You gag just a little.
 
"Don't tell me anything else. Please. I fucking eat there, Minji."
 
A carefully blank expression crosses her face. "So do I."
 
"Oh god," you whisper under your breath, lurching from the bed and storming toward the door. If you weren't so desperate to feel Taehyung up under his shirt, you'd crawl back in bed and stare at the wall until the nothingness returned.
 
"If you're gonna invite him over, at least do hand stuff."
 
You slam the door shut.
 
Out in the hall, you shuffle on your slippers toward the living room and look around. On a normal day, the apartment is kept neat and clean, dishes washed and shelved, trash taken out, vacuumed floor, the works. With an exam in two days, books were strewn across the coffee table, empty seaweed snack bags littering the floor, a rogue pair of panties lying trampled next to the TV. You inspect them suspiciously before sighing in relief when they're not yours.
 
For the next five minutes, you shove the books into an almost neat pile on the floor, behind the couch where they wouldn't be tripped over, and clean up the empty snack bags and dirty clothes. Your nose cringes away from the smell of soured apple cores and stale rice snacks, and it's a wonder you'd managed to ignore it for the past few days--shifter housing typically smelled nice for a reason. Once you'd finished, you slump onto the couch and stare at your phone.
 
One deep breath later, you type a quick text to Taehyung and send it before you can think about it. He replies barely ten seconds later, with twenty-odd emojis and no less than six different colors of hearts, but it's five minutes before you can bring yourself to check.
 



Chapter 3



 
When you open the apartment door barely fifteen minutes later, Taehyung's there, grinning. His cheeks and neck glisten, a light layer of sweat over his skin like he'd run the way there. His backpack hangs from his right shoulder, several Pokemon keychains clinking together as he rocks on his heels. The next second, the smell of the apartment seems to smack him across the face, the smile faltering as his pupils noticeably dilate under the fringe of his bangs.
 
"Hey," he greets you casually, stepping into the entryway quickly and shutting the door behind him. He turns the lock before you can ask, swallowing thickly as he faces you again.
 
"That was fast," you say, bemused. "Your apartment's on the other side of campus."
 
"I was in the library when I got your text," he explains casually, looking you over before grinning. "Nice slippers."
 
You wiggle your toes inside, Ryan's yellow face shifting and bunching in on itself. "Thanks. You know where the guest slippers are, right?"
 
"Yep." Taehyung starts to lean over and untie his shoes, when his backpack slips from his shoulder. "Oh, whoops." He hooks a hand through the loop and tosses it at you.
 
It slips through your hands and falls to the floor with a loud thud. "Nice," you say, rolling your eyes. "What the fuck is in here? It weighs like thirty pounds or something."
 
Taehyung glances up from the small cabinet by the door, where he's tugging a pair of rainbow slippers from the cubby, and holds your gaze for a moment. "Some things you asked for."
 
Your heart skips a beat. The corners of his mouth turn up and you blush at how easily your body gives you away. The zipper opens with a few determined tugs, and his smell fumes from the interior like a scent bomb. He's packed it to the brim with his clothes, near full to bursting, but you can't tell exactly what's inside. Half of the bag is full of a grey silk material bundled into a ball. His sheets. You suddenly feel dizzy from the thick, pungent scent rising from that bundle in a way that would be gross on any other occasion. You wanted to yank it out of the bag right there and shove your face in it.
 
"Y/N?"
 
You're pressing your face into the backpack. Oh god, you're smelling his clothes in front of him. With a jerk, you straighten and turn around, speed walking into your living room like you can run from your shame. Your face feels like it's on fire. "I, uh, I was thinking we could watch a Miyazaki? How do you feel about Howl's Moving Castle?"
 
Taehyung follows at a leisurely pace, casual and graceful, but something irritatingly smug lingers around his mouth. "I can quote every line from memory and I will do that the entire time."
 
You snort. "I’d expect nothing less. Want anything?" You nearly trip after the greasy look he sends you. "To drink. Hot chocolate? Juice?"
 
"Only if you have tiny marshmallows."
 
"Sucks for you then."
 
"No! Wait, I was joking. Hot chocolate please," he sings, puffing his cheeks and grinning adorably.
 
You gave him a pointed look before slipping into the kitchen and getting the kettle started on the stove. Once the eye sparks to life, you lean on the counter with your head in your hands, moaning your humiliation into the dark recesses of your soul. You'd known sharing your heat with someone else would uncomfortable and messy and embarrassing. You just hadn't expected to make an idiot out of yourself before the sex even started. But it does actually help that it's Taehyung. Taehyung, who'd seen you blindingly drunk in a Pikachu costume covered in red jello from a Halloween party. Taehyung, who'd dragged you to your first major league baseball game in Seoul and had gleefully snapchatted you eating a three-foot hot dog (on second thought, that was probably only embarrassing to you). Taehyung, who had helped you roll your sexist organic chem professor's house when he gave your project a B- with five bags of toilet paper and had dragged out when you'd slipped and fell into the pool on the way out.
 
The kettle whistles loudly in your ear, startling you so badly your knee bends and slams into the kitchen cabinet. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," you curse, crouching down and whining.
 
"Y/N?" Taehyung pokes his head around the door. "What happened?"
 
"Nothing. Just my putrid luck," you grumble under your breath before dragging yourself back on the counter and yanking the kettle off the glowing orange eye. Blinking a couple tears from your eyes, you throw open the cabinet where you keep your coffee cups and glance over your shoulder. "Which one do you want?"
 
Taehyung glances at the mixed jumble of cups on the shelves, before pointing on the top shelf. "That one. With the fat cat eating pizza in space."
 
You snort. "Should've known." Even on your tip-toes, you wouldn't be able to reach the top shelf. You try anyway, after hooking your finger through the handle of your chosen cup and dropping it on the counter, stretching on your toes and craning your neck before giving up with a huff. A strangled sound comes from behind but you ignore it as you hoist yourself onto the counter, bracing one leg and tugging the cup free from the shelf.
 
"Got it," you say triumphantly, throwing a smile at the doorway.
 
It takes Taehyung a second too long to look away from your ass.
 
"Nice," he says, giving you that wide boxy smile. You’re pretty sure he's not talking about the cups.
 
You clear your throat and pull the hot chocolate packets from the drawer you shoved miscellaneous drink bags into, eager for something to do with your hands. You bite your lip, considering the idea, before glancing over your shoulder. "Mini-marshmallows, right?"
 
His eyes light up. "You said you didn't have them!"
 
"Only because I knew you would eat the bag," you admit sheepishly before turning to the end of the counter and bending over. It takes thirty seconds longer than it should to grab the bag, sitting innocently at the front of the shelf, but you bow your back and shove your ass out in your pajama shorts. You hear a quick intake of breath, then a gurgling sound, before you finally straighten up and nudge the cabinet door shut with your thigh. You glance at Taehyung from the corner of your eye.
 
His lips are parted, mouth hanging open slightly as his tongue teases around the soft corner. He's still staring at your legs, his eyes skimming down smooth skin and curvy thigh, somehow dazed and hungry simultaneously. Turning your back to him to rip the packets and dump the chocolate powder into the bottom of the cups, you smirk slightly. It feels good to not be the one caught off-guard for once.
 
"You could go start the movie?" You suggest as you reach for the kettle. "Instead of staring at my ass."
 
The flirty smile whips out of him like a reflex. "Why? Is it bothering you?"
 
You have to glance down at his dick now. You have to. That's how this works. That's the key to winning the flirt battle, to show no shame or fear. You will yourself to do it, but the tingling heat is already washing up your neck, signaling the blush on its heels, and you look down at the cups and shovel marshmallows into the frothy chocolate, defeated. "Just go start the movie," you grumble, cursing internally.
 
A throaty chuckle trails behind him into the living room. You give him less marshmallows as revenge.
 
Hot chocolates made, you carry them into the living room and set them on the coffee table. Taehyung's crouched in front of the TV set, his tongue held between his teeth as he stares down at the PS4.
 
"Problem?" You ask. He shakes his head, slips the movie disk into the console and grabs the controller from the top of the stand.
 
"Didn't realize you had a PS4," he says, a glint in his eyes.
 
"No, you're not allowed to come over and play whenever you want," you shoot back immediately, hoping to stave off any plans forming in his devious little mind, but the warning falls on deaf ears.
 
Taehyung only giggles under his breath, like he's amused at your attempt, before throwing himself into the couch, his limbs sprawling starfish style across the leather seats. "Got any blankets?" he asks, his eyes sparkling with excitement.
 
You do have blankets. Several of them. Big, fluffy blankets made from thick yarn, a couple quilts from your family, several of Minji's themed blankets, all of which were now prisoners of your bedroom where they'd been shaped into a giant comfy pile by your headboard. "Yeah," you say, drawing out the word as you wrestle with your instincts.
 
He waits patiently, his head tilting in question.
 
You sigh and trudge over to your room, careful to close it behind you so Taehyung wouldn't peak in curiously. A small mountain of fabric has grown on your bed over the past couple days, egged on by increasingly sensitive instincts and an urge to feel wrapped up in familiar, safe things. Your room looks like a hot mess, reminiscent of an abandoned laundromat or a massive donation pile, but it smells perfect and you've been managing to sleep more than six hours at a time because of it. You'd wrapped Taehyung's coat around yourself like a blanket last night, mortified and feeling like a pervert, but you'd slept like a baby.
 
With begrudging sigh, you tug the nearest blanket from the bottom of the pile, the thick grey knitted monstrosity that your mother had sent you last Christmas, and tote it back to the living room. Taehyung glances up, his eyes narrowing intently on the bedroom door, but he settles back into the couch and reaches for the blanket impatiently. You plop down next to him, settling against his side like you normally would, and it feels both familiar and strikingly different. His chest has always felt firm, even when his friends teased him for his soft stomach, the faint ripple of abs lying just beneath a thin layer of squishy softness.
 
Unsettled, you lean forward and grab your hot chocolate off the table, taking a sip and promptly scalding your tongue. You blow on the marshmallows, satisfied when they roll onto each other like a mangled sugary snowman. After a few more tentative sips, you put your mug back on the coffee table and lean back, grabbing the blanket as you go and tossing it over his thighs. Taehyung's braced his arm over the back of the couch, a line of foam sitting on the top of his lip. You glare at it mutinously for a moment before forcing your gaze forward.
 
"Hit it, bitch," you order, slapping his thigh through the blanket. It's rock hard, doesn't jiggle in the slightest, and two days from now that'd be enough to get you wet.
 
"Next week, babe, if you ask nicely." He replies in the most casual, cheerful voice.
 
Okay. You might be a tiny it wet now. Damn Taehyung.
 
For the first half forty minutes or so, it feels like a typical movie night, albeit without Namjoon and Jimin eye-fucking each other across the room and Jeongguk scrolling through his Tinder notifications the entire time. True to his word, Taehyung whispers along to every line, tripping over a few words here and there, and when Calcifer shouts 'She likes my spark!" Taehyung shouts it into the quiet apartment, earning an irritated stomp from your upstairs neighbor. At some point, you're sure you hear a muffled laugh from the hallway, Minji likely eavesdropping every now and then from her door, but she'd yet to come out to say hello or use the bathroom.
 
Somewhere in the middle of the movie, you'd rested your head on his chest, leaning closer and breathing in the hint of cologne rising from his shirt and the long, deep puffs of cocoa-scented breath until you slipped into drowsy but oddly aroused haze. You'd turned your body toward him, your right hand tucked against your chest while your other rested on top of his thigh, on top the blanket but too close to an area that had featured in a stream of long nights with your vibrator.
 
He'd dropped his arm onto your shoulders, the heavy weight warm and solid and comforting, and his fingers kept up a lazy pattern along the back of your arm, the tips drawing small shapes through your shirt. Line after line fell from his lips, murmured in that deep voice of his, so mindless it could lull you to sleep if his body this close to yours wasn't bolstering an ongoing tension within your own, your body instinctively aware of him, of his scent, his strength. His lust hiding just below the surface.
 
You'd caught it somewhere after Howl's descent into the war zone. The sharp hint of spice at the edge of his normal scent, lingering along the thick pheromone glands near his neck and rising into the air whenever he laughed or shook his head. The second you realized what it was, you'd tried to dial back the surge of arousal that responded to the scent, tightening your thighs together and praying the blanket could hide most of it.
 
It's strange. You feel strange, this relationship feels strange, like you're caught in a limbo between the easy physical intimacy of the past and the knowledge of what was to come. And that's exactly why you'd asked him over tonight. To try out a few things before the heat started, before all that mattered for a few days was a willing mouth and a functional dick.
 
With that in mind, you slowly tilt your head back and peer up into Taehyung's face, eyes trailing over the thick neck and that damn mole just begging to be sucked, the marbled line of his jaw, his full lips and strong nose. Those lips are moving, mouthing the words to a movie you'd stopped watching half an hour ago, flashing white teeth and pink tongue every now and then. After a few seconds, he glances down.
 
"Hey," he murmurs quietly, that same sweet, lazy grin spreading across his face.
 
"Hey," you whisper back, anticipation and fear causing you to hesitate.
 
You stare back for a moment, unsure, until his eyes grow heavy-lidded and his tongue swipes over his lips, and for a breathless moment you both just stay there. Caught in the moment that would change everything, more than words or plans or promises. He's beautiful, you think dazedly. This isn't real. This is another dream that you’ll wake up to, alone, in your bed tomorrow. Like nothing happened.
 
You don't know who moved first, if he leaned down or you up, but a heartbeat later his lips are slipping over yours like he's been kissing you for years, gentle and hazy, sweet and soft and tasting faintly of chocolate. A small sound escapes your throat when your lips smack, too loud in the quiet room, but Taehyung's dipping back in a second later, his arm tightening around your waist. His tongue slips past your lips and into your mouth, hot and wet, and sparking a cascade of shivers down your back.
 
You moan quietly into the kiss, your arms sliding up his chest and curling around his wide shoulders. You fist your hands into his sweater, nails digging into the soft material at the middle of his back. Heart pounding in your chest, you sit up slightly and gasp when his large hands grip your waist and tug you into his lap.
 
The blanket falls from your hips and to the floor, the cool air coming as a relief. It’s too hot in the room, even in your thin pajama shirt and shorts, and hotter when his hands slide from your waist, burning through flimsy cotton, and roll down your hips, his fingers pressing into your skin and squeezing.
 
A warm chuckle builds through his chest when you break the kiss and lean against his forehead, panting. "So that's what your ass feels like," he murmurs, grinning, squeezing quickly, just a hair too tightly. "Nice."
 
A laugh pushes through your lungs in spite of yourself, but you sit back and let your head drop onto your shoulders, still searching for air. You want to pull your shirt off, want to lay down and soak up the cold from the floor, but you can't bring yourself to leave his lap, the teasing, wandering grip of his hands as they drag heat from your ass to your thighs, his thumbs drawing circles into the soft muscle. 
 
"You stare at it often enough," you say, wishing you didn't sound so breathless. Your heart's still beating hard in your chest like it's trying to climb out and jump him. "'m surprised you never tried before."
 
"Wanted to. Wasn't sure our friendship had reached that stage yet."
 
"Bullshit. You were slapping Jeongguk's ass barely a second after you met him at Jimin's dance studio."
 
"Well..." Taehyung's thumbs slide upward, flirting with the top of your shorts. "Have you seen it? It'd take a stronger man than me to not slap that ass."
 
"You saying my ass isn't as hot as Guk's?"
 
"Maybe. Turn around. I need a better view to be sure."
 
"Next week, babe, if you ask nicely," you throw back his earlier words with a laugh, shaking your head, before you lean forward and rest your forehead on his shoulder. His scent fills your nose, sharp and spicy, and this time you give into the impulse to nuzzle into the crook of his neck, the intensity of the pheromone-rich skin making you dizzy.
 
Taehyung bares his neck, offering you more room, more skin as a groan builds low in his chest. He jumps when your tongue sneaks out and licks a small, tentative stripe across his neck, before his mouth drops open and the sound carries into the room, loud and eager. "Bite me," he whispers, his hands tightening on your thighs.
 
You shiver and press your lips against his skin, hovering for a second as you try to think beyond the haze. You could do it. You could bite down and drink in the pheromones that would rise from his skin, thick and rich and everything you'd been searching for with your nose buried into his coat collar last night. The heat had returned the moment you'd leaned down, fizzing like static over your skin, and you can feel arousal pooling hot and slick between your thighs. He must be able to smell it--you can, even through the thin barrier of your panties and shorts--and the realization is enough to have you leaning back onto his thighs again, away from the temptation of his neck.
 
Taehyung whines, blinking buttery soft eyes up at you, neck still bared in a wordless plea. The spot where your mouth had been catches the light, shining wetly. "Why'd you stop?" he complains, one hand reaching up and fisting into your shirt, trying to tug you back down.
 
"You know why," you reply, biting your lip and looking away from his face quickly, instead trailing your hands down his arms and shifting uncomfortably on his thighs. If you'd bit him on the neck this close to a heat, you would've been fucking in minutes, right there on the couch with Minji down the hall. And while this had all proven you two would have no problems fucking like rabbit shifters next week, you're not quite ready to be there so soon. You'd eat two boxes of cookies tomorrow, cram for the test, get off to the memory tomorrow night a few times, and be ready to try then.
 
Taehyung stares at your mouth, licking his lips, before he takes a deep breath. "Yeah. I get it," he sighs, "taking it slow for now."
 
With a little hop, you shift closer on his lap, your thighs brushing against the rough material of his jeans deliciously. "Maybe not too slow, though," you say softly, glancing up at him as your hands fiddle with the hem of his sweater.
 
A slow grin grows across his face.
 
Half an hour later, Minji sneaks out of her room to grab a glass of chocolate milk from the kitchen only to discover Taehyung shirtless, his chest covered in small purple bruises and bites, his hands up your shorts, your lips bruised and cheeks flushed feverishly, and the living room smelling like sex.
 

 
 
 Someone's at the door.
 
It's 8:32am. The doorbell's ringing.
 
Jeongguk groans and waits for the sound of Jimin's light footsteps through the hall, but it remains silent except for the soft electric beeps echoing insistently through the apartment. Then he slaps the wall a few times, hoping to wake Taehyung up and have him deal with it, but he sleeps heavier than Jeongguk sometimes. Not to mention he'd been up until two in the morning getting off and driving the maknae to murder.
 
The doorbell rings again, this time accompanied by several knocks on the door.
 
Cursing, Jeongguk throws his sheets off and stumbles out of bed, not bothering to pull a shirt on. Anyone evil enough to come to their apartment this early could fucking deal with it. Might make their day, even. He's ripped and fucking proud of it.
 
The kitchen light is on, probably from when Jimin drank his protein smoothie before heading to the gym. Jeongguk uses the dim light to make it to the door, his eyes still sewed shut from sleep. The entry way floor chills the bottom of his bare feet, proving enough of a jolt to his senses to wake him up a bit more. He grabs the handle and yanks it open without checking the peephole, Jimin's nagging voice echoing in his mind about stranger danger or perverted delivery men.
 
"Morning, Jeongguk."
 
That familiar sweet, tangy scent from the week before slams into him like a freight train. Jeongguk stumbles back, his right hand pinching his nose as his left struggles to find something to latch onto before he hits the floor. Bewildered, he squints up from where he's clutching the coat closet door knob with a white-knuckled fist.
 
Y/N breezes past him, toeing off your sneakers and sliding across the floor on your socks. You glance at him before pulling a double-take, your gaze sliding down his body. Jeongguk forces himself upright, his cheeks burning, but smug that he'd made you look twice.
 
"Nice," you say with a small laugh, shaking your head once before sweeping off into the dimly lit hallway.
 
Jeongguk glances down. He's wearing his lucky Ironman boxers with cartoon flying Ironmen flying around on the red fabric, and there's a huge tent in the front of them. He rolls his tongue in his cheek irritably, before striding after you, now completely awake and wondering what the hell you were doing at their apartment so early. Oh god, you better not be here to have morning sex with Taehyung. Jeongguk can't handle this shit at 8am.
 
You head straight for Taehyung's room, pausing only to wrinkle your nose at the living room where his and Jimin's dance bags were open, crusty basketball shorts and tanks spilling half onto the floor. Jeongguk stares back obstinately when you give him a judging look. It's his fucking apartment.
 
"Is he awake?" You ask, like it's not ass o'clock in the morning.
 
"No?"
 
You roll your eyes. Without hesitation, you grab the door handle and throw it open.
 
Jeongguk's not exactly sure what he was expecting to happen when you went into the bedroom, but it wasn't this. You swiftly pulling Taehyung's sweaters and pants from his laundry basket and tossing them into your backpack, pausing to dig around in his drawers and grabbing a few pairs of socks. On the bed, Taehyung sleeps on, blissfully unaware and undisturbed except for the faint twitch of his nose and the smile lingering around the edge of his mouth.
 
Jeongguk watches from the doorway, dumbfounded as you clean out his best friend's closet full of designer clothes. He pinches himself just to make sure he's not still dreaming.
 
"Ow," he whispers. You ignore him.
 
Once you seem satisfied with the amount of clothes shoved into your backpack, you look at Taehyung sprawled across the bed, his shirt trapped under his armpits and his shorts hiked around his crotch. You shuffle close and lean over him, gingerly bracing your hand on the other side of the bed. You peck him on the lips, your expression softening, and Jeongguk starts to edge back out of the room, feeling like he's intruding on something private, but you stand up a moment later, smiling in a mixture of fond exasperation.
 
You close the door behind you as quietly as you can, before glancing at Jeongguk out of the corner of your eye. Even with his nose still firmly pinched, the smell of your heat sneaks through, tempting and mouthwatering, but unlike last week, Jeongguk can discern another familiar scent mixed in with yours. Taehyung’s.
 
"Thanks for answering the door. See ya, Guk!" You whisper, saluting him with eyes full of laughter.
 
Jeonnguk listens to the door close a few seconds later, glances at Taehyung's bedroom door again, before shaking his head and heading into the bathroom for a cold shower.
 

 
Friday morning, you wake up sticky with sweat and slick, a groan building in your throat as the sex dream fades into the back of your mind but the arousal remains, humming under your skin like a live wire. It stays through the coldest shower you can bear, through a quick breakfast of soggy Lucky Charms and too hot coffee, the thirty-minute walk through campus earning surprised and disapproving looks from ten yards out as you hustle into the sciences building.
 
You're not exactly sure what they're most disapproving of--the fact that you'd come onto a packed campus this close to a heat or the fact that every inch of clothing on your body right now is so obviously not yours. Minji had taken one look at you before she'd left the apartment for the week and had laughed her way out the door.
 
You know. You look ridiculous. Taehyung's black beanie crammed on your head to hide the mess of your hair, swimming in a cream-colored sweater that looks baggy on Taehyung but swallows you up completely. The sleeves hang almost a foot past your hands. Thankfully, his skinny jeans fit you pretty well, except for the too-wide rips in the thigh and knees that you awkwardly try to hide behind his winter coat. The height difference is probably the most embarrassing part--Taehyung's nearly a foot taller than you and three times as broad, so the coat's expensive hem barely clears the tops of your ankles where it would hit him in the middle of his calves and gives you the appearance of wearing shoulder pads.
 
You can’t bring yourself to care much. You feel on edge and panicky, every new scent slipping through your nose reminding you of how not at home you were, where it's safe and sound, warm and cozy in your pile of familiar scents, and the only thing that's keeping you in your seat is the comforting smell of Taehyung smothering you like bubble wrap.
 
You'd texted him that morning, asking him to come over as soon as his test finished, and received a slew of emojis in return, including six eggplants, four sweat droplets, and too many tongue symbols. Not sure what to make of that, but you hope it's promising.
 
A shiver suddenly breaks across your neck and back, more intense that the smaller pre-heat shivers of the day before. You curl deeper into Taehyung's coat and close your eyes. With any luck, it'll be another six hours or so before the real heat begins, but it's close. You can tell from the constantly wet feeling between your thighs, the low, steady arousal that makes it difficult to concentrate on your review sheets and the other students trudging in at seven in the morning. The low fever.
 
You glance around again, praying the professor will arrive soon to hand out the test. Your lab partner Hyuna waves at you on the other side of the classroom, smiling apologetically. Normally she'd be in the other seat at your table and you'd be quizzing each other to review, but your scent is too distracting for her today. And for everyone else, you think, mortified when you glance over your shoulder and realize all three rows within two seats of you are empty. Because of that effect, it's a general courtesy to skip class if you're within three days of your heat but you were unlucky this time. If there hadn't been a test today, you would've happily skipped.
 
You smile back sheepishly and shrug before turning back to your textbook to review a bit longer. Thankfully, you only have to fend off two interested dog shifters that try to get your number and smell your hair, before the professor arrives and hands out the test.
 
With a quick shove of your materials back in your bag, you wait for the test to make it to you, spinning your pencil in your hand. When it does, you shove all thoughts of the night and Taehyung out of your head as best you can and write.
 

 
 
"Thank god."
 
Your sigh fades into the glorious silence of the apartment as the stress finally drops away from your shoulders, your neck, your brain. Stumbling with exhaustion, you toss your backpack on the floor by the door and tear your shoes off, eager to change clothes now that you're home.
 
On your way to your bedroom, you check your phone and shoot off a text to Taehyung wishing him luck on the test before dropping it onto your comforter and letting his coat slip from your shoulders. You catch it before it hits the ground and toss it on the end of your bed along with the other mounds of 'borrowed' clothing before stripping out of the jeans.
 
You pause in the middle of dragging them down your thighs. The material cling to your thighs and panties, dragging a thin layer of moisture down your skin when you tug them off. Damn.
 
It wouldn't stain. Heat slick isn't any different from normal arousal, just that there's more of it and full of twice as many hormones. Still, you shove the jeans into the bottom of your laundry basket under yesterday's clothes, and silently promise to wash it as carefully as possible before returning them to Taehyung.
 
You change your underwear at the same time, mortified at the mess, before pulling on a new pair and grabbing some running shorts from the bottom of the stack. Except for the bed, the rest of the bedroom is neatly organized and clean--you'd vacuumed the floor three times, wiped your shelves and desk for dust, and stashed anything unnecessary or easily breakable (or embarrassing if Tae stumbled upon it) in Minji's room while she's at Jinyoung’s apartment. In a little bucket by the bedside table are several boxes of protein bars, water bottles, energy drinks, and a small cluster of candy that you'd begrudgingly bought for him, including gummy bears and pocky. (You flat out refused to buy gushers.)
 
You stare at the candy and consider opening the gummy bears, but you know Taehyung would complain if you ate them without him, so you head into kitchen instead, suddenly starving. Something warm and salty would be perfect against the shivers and the fever still crawling over your skin. You open the upper cabinet where the ramyeon was stashed.
 
While the water boiled and the cup noodles sat patiently on the counter, you scroll through twitter and try not to think about the next few days even though you know you need to. The fiasco with the jeans had reminded you how messy heat is, how wet and sweaty and uncontrollable it is. When you'd been dealing with it on your own, it hadn't mattered what mess you made, what sounds you produced, what you said or thought or shoved inside yourself. It was just you and your mess, no judgement.
 
Except now you're sharing it with Taehyung.
 
The thought has you squirming and pacing around the kitchen, wishing the kettle would whistle and give you something to do with your hands besides shoving them in your shorts.
 
You wrap your arms around your waist, determined to hold off.
 
Wednesday had helped more than you expected and not just because you stole the sweater he was wearing right off his gorgeous back. Actually touching Taehyung, kissing him, letting those old feelings bubble to the surface and sweep you along in a hot, sweet dance of tongue and skin had felt amazing. You'd been almost afraid that the moment you tried to find out if you could work as something more than friends, he'd realize he wasn't attracted to you and call the whole thing off.
 
Wow, had you been wrong.
 
Taehyung had been ready for you to bite his neck barely twenty minutes into kissing him. If Minji hadn't broken the make-out session in the living room, you probably would've pulled his dick out of his pants and sucked him down right there to hear more of those throaty groans and watch his eyes roll back in pleasure. He couldn't keep his hands off you, sliding them down your waist to grab your ass, under your shirt to skirt along your stomach and tease at the valley of your breasts, fisting them in your hair when your knee had slipped on the couch and rocked you into his lap. The sounds he made--
 
The kettle screams in the kitchen, jerking you out of the memory. You jump before shaking your head and lifting it from the stove, resolving to not fantasize about Taehyung as best you can for the rest of the afternoon. The last thing you need is to jumpstart your heat early by masturbating, only for Taehyung to not come to the apartment for hours.
 
You take your ramyeon to the couch and drag the blanket around you, padding your knees so you can hold the hot cup and reach for the remote at the same time.
 
For the next three hours while Taehyung takes the test, you try and fail to not think about what had happened on the couch the night before last, in large part because the blanket still smells like him and the spot where you'd sort of rubbed yourself against his thigh is literally right there. You could take your ramyeon into your room, but then it'd smell like salty fish cakes for the rest of the day and you can't bear the thought of tainting the harmony of smells like that.
 
So you sit on the couch and stare mindlessly at the screen, watching re-runs of Running Man and glancing at your phone every ten seconds. Halfway through Yoo Jaesuk's triumphant crawl through a giant inflatable tube in a waterpark, the screen lights up.
 
You lung forward and scoop it up from the coffee table, wrapping the blanket around your head again when the phone is safely tucked in your huddle.
 
"Taehyung, hey."
 
"Y/N! I'm on my way!" His voice sounds breathless and disjointed, accompanied by clattering sounds like the phone keeps knocking against his earrings. "I'm about--uh--five minutes from central campus, so I'll be there in like fifteen minutes."
 
"You don't need to rush, Tae," you tell him, smiling into the blanket. "It'll be at least a few more hours before my heat starts. You could go back to your apartment and pack or something."
 
A bark of laughter carries over the line. "Pack what? You took all my clothes."
 
Oh. Right. "What about your tooth brush or your shampoo and conditioner? Stuff like that?"
 
A moment of silence ensues, broken only by his soft pants for breath as he evidently runs across campus, before he asks, "you're expecting me to shower during your heat?"
 
You dig your face into the blanket to hide your blush before remembering you're alone in your apartment and he's not there to make fun of you for it. "I meant, after...on Tuesday or something. " Heats could last four to seven days. You're praying for a short one, which is more likely if you have a partner.
 
Taehyung, with his innate ability to pick up on topics people would rather ignore, catches the idea. "Tuesday? That's four days. I thought cat shifters had heat for seven."
 
"It depends on different things. They're usually shorter when someone’s there with you, the--the extra pheromones help ease a lot of symptoms." You pause, tugging at the strings of the blanket, before admitting, "I hope it's short."
 
Taehyung falls silent. His breathing slows and dies down, the quick slapping of his sneakers on the sidewalk fading after a few moments.
 
"Are you at the bus stop?"
 
"Yeah." His voice has an edge to it that hadn't been there before. "...What do you mean by that?"
 
"By what?"
 
"Hoping your heat is shorter this time."
 
"Oh." You bite your lip, wondering how best to answer that. From the outside, especially to humans, heats are either romanticized or fetishized, seen as a hedonist sex free-for-all, often portrayed as massive orgies in porn, endless orgasms and dicks that never drop. In reality, you spend the first couple days so desperate you barely remember your name, feverous and tired and uncomfortable, and the mess is more disgusting than it is hot. You don't like your heats. You hate being in heat, mostly for how it throws off everything else in your life and you have limited control over it. Heat with Taehyung will probably be marginally better, but...
 
"Are you bothered by it that much?" He starts, and you can hear the hurt in his voice. "Spending that much time with me. Doing this with me. I mean... I know I'm not Jeongguk, I don't have a reputation for being the most popular heat partner on campus."
 
"No," you deny immediately, shuddering distastefully at the idea of Jeongguk again. You'd been a little desperate to consider that suggestion, you're willing to admit now. "No, Taehyung, it's not you. Well--I mean, it kinda is, but not for that reason. I just... really really don't like my heats. Some people do, Minji loves the hell out of hers, but I don't like feeling like that." 
 
You chew nervously on your nails as you try to think about how to say this. "Like I'm going to die if there's not a dick inside me. It's..." You trail off, and stare at the coffee table. You might tease Minji for having a hard time talking about sex in detail, but in the end you're just as terrible at putting your emotions into words.
 
"I get it," Taehyung interjects. At least his voice sounds warmer, less hesitant. "I understand. I just thought that, since it'd be with me, you'd be more-- that it would be better. I don't know. Sorry, ignore me."
 
"It will be," you say quietly, your heart leaping in your chest. The thought of talking about your feelings for him makes you want to throw up, but if this is going to work after all this, you need to be honest now. "I'm excited to do this with you. I guess I'm also a bit..."
 
"A bit?"
 
You cast around for what exactly you're feeling. "Worried? Or maybe a bit disappointed? Not in a bad way, I mean, but we're doing all this a bit backwards, aren't we?"
 
"Maybe," Taehyung agrees, sounding almost casual, and the squeal of bus tires rips through the line. You flinch from the phone for a moment before coming back. "But the order of things isn't all that important to me. I like you. I've liked you for a long time. I was pretty close to saying something soon anyway, so... I'm happy you asked me. Relieved."
 
In the background, you can hear the murmur of people getting onto the bus, the soft thunk of his shoes as he hoists himself up the steep bus steps and hands over his transport card. You wait as he finds a seat and sits down with a sigh, fighting to keep your head above the ocean of unspoken feelings and thoughts, somehow brought nearer to the surface by his voice and the stirrings of heat in your body.
 
"I thought I was going to have to kill Jeongguk in his sleep for a few minutes there," he jokes with a deep chuckle. 
 
You snort. "In his sleep?"
 
"It's the only time he's truly vulnerable. Kid's got reflexes like you wouldn't believe. I'm not stupid enough to take Gukkie on in a direct challenge," says Taehyung, and the smirk in his voice comes out loud and clear. "Strategy, Y/N, is key. Fox shifters are known for their cunning, you know."
 
"Stop. Please. You're making me swoon from your bravery." You shoot back in a flat voice, but you can't keep a straight face. "Although, what was I expecting? You're the biggest cheat on campus. You almost lost all of our friends last semester when you stole the entire pile of fifties from the bank when we played Monopoly last semester."
 
"You love it," he replies, and the absolute certainty in his voice has your stomach flipping.
 
"Hmm... you think so, huh." You shift on the couch and roll onto your side to shuffle your bare feet under the edge of the blanket. He's too good at reading people. "I really thought Jimin and Jeongguk were going to kill you. Luckily for you, Yoongi stepped in."
 
"Only because he was cheating too."
 
"What?" Momentarily distracted, you gape. "He was?"
 
"Oh, yeah. He was stealing Namjoon-hyung's money whenever he'd kiss Jimin, and he'd move his token back or forth a space if it was better than where he landed."
 
"That little shit. I knew he didn't land on Boardwalk."
 
Taehyung giggles. "We should do that again soon."
 
"Hell no," you shoot the idea down immediately, but you only half mean it. "I'd like to keep these friends, thank you. Except Yoongi, that bastard can rot in hell."
 
"Harsh."
 
"I was gonna be a millionaire, Kim Taehyung."
 
"The Monopoly money only adds up to a couple thousand."
 
"Property values. Taxes. Location, location, location. You're not seeing the big picture."
 
"Ah, really," he shouts before his deep laugh carries over the line, and you'd be slapping him on the arm for shouting in a bus if you were there. "I'm in love."
 
Your heart lodges itself in your throat. "Taehyung..."
 
He hums, and it's the most pleased sound you've heard him make, on par with the happy giggle brought forth by surprise puppies at the park or chubby cheeked babies. "I know. After your heat," he murmurs, so fondly and patiently that it draws tears to your eyes. You tell yourself it's the hormones because you can't focus on that yet. "Ah. I'm here. See you in a minute."
 
"Door's locked. Sorry." You sit up again on the couch and stare at the door, a shiver running down your back. The room feels a little bit hotter, like your body can tell he's nearby. Maybe it does, shifter senses could do some pretty amazing things.
 
"Y/N," he whines, the sounds of traffic coming alive in the background of the call.
 
"New phone, who dis?"



Chapter 4



The next hour is spent watching Taehyung slurp ramyeon noodles into his mouth in large clumps, speeding his way through three cups before slowing down. His lips are bright red from the spicy flavoring, full and puffy, and every movement he makes looks oddly sensual to you. One of the two clean shirts you'd left him, a plain white t-shirt too thin to be acceptable class dress, sticks to the top of his chest, slightly sweaty from his jog across campus, and drapes over his shoulder. It's so baggy on him, you're almost positive he'd stolen it off Jeongguk at some point, and that would be the only reason you wouldn't steal it after this heat. (Okay, you're probably going to steal it regardless, but you’ll feel less guilty about it.) His sweatpants bunch around his thighs and hips where he's sitting pretzel style on the opposite end of the couch. On a normal person, it'd look unflattering--on Taehyung, it looks like the beginning of a Gucci loungewear add. And from the tent in the front, he's obviously not wearing underwear. "Did you take the test like that?" You ask, not bothering to hide the judgement in your voice. He gulps down another fist-sized portion of ramyeon and looks up. "Like what?" Your eyes narrow suspiciously at his innocent expression, but you let it pass. "Never mind." A glint slips into his eyes, but his next question is, "How did you do?" You shrug and hike the blanket further around your shoulders. You're currently refusing to share until his ramyeon's finished. Taehyung's a notorious spiller. "Probably okay. Not as good as I could've done, but that's how it is." He grimaces in sympathy. "That's a bummer." "How about you?" "Eh." He doesn't say anymore about it. He probably made a perfect score. Jerk. "Wanna watch a few episodes of Haikyuu?" "Sure." Six illegally downloaded episodes later, you're absorbed in the ongoing battle between Karasuno and Nekoma high, even as the prickling feeling over your skin grows steadily stronger. You're relieved that Taehyung had played it casual when he'd arrived, sinking easily into the familiar rhythm of movie nights and weekends spent playing video games at his apartment. It'd put you at ease, when you were already feeling anxious for the night ahead. The first day of heat is always the worst, the most disorientating--the first time you'd handled it by yourself, you were so nervous you actually threw up all over the bed and floor. Over the past two hours, Taehyung had finished his ramyeon and slowly migrated closed to you across the couch, wrestling the blanket from you and pouting at your attempts to resist. Now, he's draped over the couch, his feet dangling over the side and his head in your lap, whining whenever he thinks your hand has slowed in his hair. His eyes are locked on the screen but his hand is curled under your knee, his thumb brushing the arch mindlessly. Every now and then, he'd turn, peer up at you, and ask, "still okay?" and you'd nod back with a small smile. By the end of the seventh episode, you know it's almost here. The sun is dipping below the horizon, casting the sky and the walls of the apartment in a deep orange glow. The living room feels too hot, the leather of the couch sticks to your thighs from sweat. You can't focus on the subtitles for the episode, and you don't care enough to try harder. Your underwear feels soaked, your shorts molded to the seat. Cold shivers continue to run down your body like static. This time when Taehyung glances back at you, boxy grin in place, and asks, you freeze, heart pounding in your chest. You shake your head. "Y/N?" Taehyung looks up at you for a second before sitting up and bracing himself on the couch with his arm. "Hey. You're all right." "I know," you reply, attempting to glare at him indignantly. "I'm more than all right. I'm fine. This isn't my first heat, Taehyung. You don't need to treat me like a baby shifter." Taehyung grins sharply. "Show me how you want to be treated then." You stare at him for a second, mesmerized by the heated excitement in his gaze, before he licks his lips and the moment snaps. You wrap a hand around his neck and yank him down, crashing your mouths together, wanting to purr under the relief of knowing he's here, Taehyung's here, you're not alone this time. Taehyung follows, almost docile and pliant under the onslaught of your lips and teeth and tongue, his hand winding in your hair. He lets you kiss him the way you want, fierce, needy, until you're trying to pull him closer, urgent sounds muffled in his mouth. "God, Y/N," he murmurs, before breaking away and sitting up on the couch, his arms open. "Who said you could move," you grumble, dead serious as you push off the seat and swing a trembling leg over his lap. You kiss him again, searching for something undefinably more, just more, as the haze crawls over your mind with every brush of fire from his tongue, as playfully and teasing as Taehyung himself. You're uncomfortably aware of how wet you've become, the inner lining of your shorts plastered to your thighs and panties in ways that would mortify you later, but Taehyung groans like he's dying. "How are you this wet already?" He hisses before sliding his hand up your thigh, his fingers dragging through the thin layer of moisture on your thighs, an unholy mixture of slick and sweat. "Fuck." His hand continues upward, brushing at the edge of your shorts until he pauses. "Y/N?" "Yes, yes, god, it's fine, please," you urge impatiently. Need is tearing at your control, the fever spiking until the only thing you're absolutely sure of is Taehyung beneath you, his beautiful face inches from yours, his heart beating wildly under your hands, the power and lust and promise of him between your thighs. When you bend your head down onto his shoulder, you can see the hard, jutting outline of his cock in his sweatpants, and why the hell are you both still wearing clothes? You should fix that. Now. "I just wanna promise you one thing, before we get started." He's grinning, his lips curling against the side of your cheek, and it's criminally unfair how lucid he still seems when you're out of your mind like this. "You're not gonna need that vibrator." And then his hand slides over you, his palm shoving hard into your clit through your shorts, and it's as though a switch has been flipped inside you. You have one last lucid second to pray he's right, before the world outside his body and yours falls away. A bitten-off moan escapes you, ringing high and thin when his hand draws back toward him, his middle and ring finger pressing hard into your shorts, just barely parting your folds through the fabric. The tease has you near desperate within seconds, your hips pushing down to deepen the touch and find relief for the sudden, aching emptiness inside you. "Taehyung, more," you pant, a shaking moan pouring forth when his hand cups your mound and rubs in small, cruel circles through the cloth, just barely separated from where you need him. Frustrated, you grab his arm and try to think, dizzy with want, before shoving his hand away and grinding yourself forward on his lap, twisting your hips until you're sitting on that hard, delicious dick trapped in his sweats. "Yes, please, please," you're gasping, rocking in his lap as the heat soars higher. You press as close as you can to his chest, molding yourself to his front, shoving your hands under his shirt in search of him. You clench your thighs around his hips and a sharp whine leaves your throat when the hard jut of his cock rubs against you through your shorts, offering a tantalizing second of relief. "Taehyung, touch me, fuck me, c’mon." He shudders before wrapping his hands around your hips and lurching forward off the couch, shifting his grip to hold your thighs as he stands up and stumbles toward your bedroom. "Easy, Y/N, I got you," he murmurs in your ear, a groan rising from his chest when you kiss his neck and suck the scent from his skin. You barely hear a word, too busy pressing your nose to the crook of his neck where his scent is strongest, reveling in the flush of pheromones that rise from your nuzzling. Now you have no qualms about fitting your mouth over him and nipping, spicy and sweet flavor bursting across your tongue in heady thickness. Taehyung grunts and bares his neck further, leaning your back against the wall by the bedroom door. "Harder, that's it," he pants, his voice strained as he holds you up with a bruising grip on your thigh, before letting out a deep moan when your teeth sink into his neck. "Bedroom, bedroom," he chants, taking three deep breaths and bouncing you higher up his chest. You make a surprised sound as you're forced away from him for a second and wrap your arms around his shoulders quickly. His ear's close by now, easy prey to your wandering lips and teeth. You tug his earlobe into your mouth and suck the silver piercings, flicking the lobe with your tongue so the metal clinks against your teeth. Taehyung whimpers, his shoulders trembling under the tight grip you have on his shoulders, and has to brace you against the closed door while he fumbles for the handle. "Why is this even fucking shut--" he curses before choking on his words the moment the door flies open. "So this is what you did with everything," he says, almost mystified at the bundles of clothes on the bed. You squirm on his chest, unsatisfied at his pace, and bend down to his neck again, biting hard to get his attention. Taehyung's yelp transitions into a moan halfway, and your message seems to have gotten through because he's striding forward and dropping the both of you onto the bed with a heavy bounce.   The impact of his weight pushes the air from your lungs. You're frozen for a second, breathless, before he's lifting off you and hovering on his hands and knees, grinning. His lips look redder than before, swollen like they were from the spicy ramyeon, and as you watch he sinks his teeth into the lower lip, his eyes trailing from your flushed face to your heaving chest, across your hips where your sweater has ridden up, to your shorts soaked in the center. "Y/N..." Taehyung sighs, hushed and almost reverent. "Fuck, you're gorgeous. Mmm," he hums, languidly brushing his hands up your calves and thighs, his attention sharpening the further they climbed. "You smell so good, bet you taste even better. Wanna eat you out. Let me?" He purrs, sliding his hands over hips and hooking onto the sweater. "Isn't this mine?" You nod quickly, caught between the burning need and the wish to enjoy this first time with him, to remember it. Taehyung clearly wants to take his time, to explore each other like you would during normal sex, but you can't wait that long. He's not moving fast enough, doesn't understand how desperate you feel. Fuck yes you want that face, that tongue between your thighs, but that's not what you need right now. "Fuck, that's hot. Wore my scent all day, didn't you? Your bedroom smells more like me now than it does you." He pulls the sweater off quickly, gaze latching on to your bare breasts. "How did I not notice.... Did you take the test like this?" A hint of a growl threads through his teasing voice. "Did you walk onto campus, sit that sweet little ass at your desk, and take that test in front of everyone, covered from head to toe in my scent, nothing separating this gorgeous chest from my clothes?" You bow upward into his large hands, your legs twisting together below. The need feels so sharp it's painful. "Taehyung, please." You're reaching around his hands, fingertips fumbling at the front of his pants. Why he's still wearing clothes at all is a mystery you're not bothering to solve. "So impatient." But he rips his shirt off and starts tugging your shorts from your hips, dragging them down your thighs. The desire to map that thick chest and suck bruises into his skin simmers like a small flame in the back of your mind, but it’s swept away by the overwhelming need to have him inside you in the next damn second. A frustrated, pained whine slips from your throat, more cat than human, and Taehyung finally seems to get with the program because his back goes ramrod straight at the sound. Black swallows up the amber of his eyes, his lips parting in shock, and the next second his sweatpants are on the floor, possibly in pieces from the shredding sound that rent the air. “Y/N—your ears—“ But you’re too busy staring at the smooth, flushed cock rising from between his thighs, pink and thick and leaking at the tip like an answer to your prayers. Your thighs tighten at the sight, core clenching down on devastating emptiness even as a new flush of slick coats your folds, and a long, pained keen hits the air. It takes a moment for you to realize you’re making that sound, your hands fisting into the sheets furiously, and your body jumps like it’s been electrocuted when wide hands slide up your legs and hook around your knees, spreading you under him. “Need to warm you up first,” Taehyung mumbles under his breath, almost as if he’s talking to himself, and something near despair twists your stomach. He’s going to drag this out. He’s going to drag this out until you’re screaming into the sheets, catatonic with need and heat and fever, and you’re not going to be able to remember a damn thing by then, and that’s—that’s— Two trembling fingers brush against your folds before slipping inside, gliding easily along the thoroughly slicked walls and offering a moment of relief as you finally have something inside you to fight with, to tighten around and trap inside you until the heat’s finished, but almost immediately you realize it’s not enough. It’s not enough and if you had the mind to think it was sweet that he’d be so thorough even after your body has literally prepared itself, you would, but it’s not enough. “Taehyung, fuck me, now, I’m fine, I'm f-fine—“ your words turn into a bitten-off whine when his fingers open inside you, pressing against your walls and stretching you. “Gotta make sure I don’t hurt you,” he replies, although the strain of holding back breaks through his voice with labored breathing and the intense focus on the steady thrusting of his fingers. “Need to….” Another finger slips in, offering more of that thickness you crave, before dissatisfaction and need crashes hot on its heels. It's not fucking enough. Why doesn't he understand? One hand flies upward, catching his shoulder first before twisting into his hair. Bright red lines open on his skin, thin scratches from your claws. Taehyung jerks and grunts at the tight grip on his hair, the pupils his eyes half-shifting slightly at the perceived challenge. “Kim Taehyung, if you don’t fuck me in the next second—“ He glances up from between your legs. Sweat has begun to build along his temples and neck, the edges of his bangs sticking to his forehead. His chest heaves under deeper breaths, and you realize distantly that he's slipping into rut, that his body is finally responding to the sea of pheromones cast into the air. "So impatient," he drawls, but the smirk he tries to put on in ruined by the eager, intense gleam in his eyes. "Wanted to get my mouth on you first." "Later, later," you chant, shaking. Even out of your mind with heat, that's something you can't bear to pass on. Taehyung thrusts his long, thick fingers inside you three more times, his smirk widening at the grip you have on his hair, before he withdraws. "Fuck, there's so much. Is this a cat shifter thing?" he murmurs, his lips parted in awe. He lifts his hand up to his face, slick trailing down over his knuckles and the back of his hand, and pops them in his mouth, his lips pursing around them obscenely. "Mmm, yeah, definitely eating you out later." "Taehyung." "Hmm? Yes...kitten?" Languidly, Taehyung curls upward, his back arching gracefully as his arms sliding under your knees and dragging you down the sheets. He stares down at your folds as his hips slide forward, until the head of his dick slips along the crease, teasing gently. You're gonna kill him after this, you swear to god--fucking teasing son of a-- "Don't--call me that," you hiss, digging your claws into the back of his head, and this time it isn't an accident. "If you wanna keep your--" Your threat is cut off a second later. His hips rock downward. His cock slips inside you, agonizingly slow, . You struggle for breath, the moan caught in your lungs as Taehyung finishes that first lazy stroke, like he had all the time in the world. When his hips still against yours, the soft edge of his stomach brushing yours, the moan pours forth, shuddering and purring through your chest. Your walls tighten around him immediately, bruising exquisitely against the solid thickness of him, and it feels so damn good that a keen forces its way from your throat, catching onto the tail end of the harsh breath before it. A burst of pure relief has you breathing slightly easier, the heat's intensity dialing back for a moment now that your body has what it needs, what you feel so desperate for. You take the rare moment of clarity to open your eyes and look up. Taehyung's bowed over you, his hands shaking on your thighs. His head's thrown back, the veins in his neck straining and bulging under his skin. He's coated in a layer of sweat, a couple small beads cascading down his abs, a few more curling around his jaw and slipping past his collarbones. "Oh," he breathes, and the tension in his body releases. His head rolls back around, eyes shit and lips parted. The hair around his temples and ears sticks to his skin with sweat, their reddish orange color slightly off from the dark blond. The blissful expression on his face tugs at something inside of you. You clench your muscles around him instinctively, your heart racing when Taehyung visibly reacts, his abs tightening as he bends further, a growl through gritted teeth. He stares down at you, all traces of teasing gone, and just like that the heat surges again, insatiable. Overwhelming. "Tae, please," you whisper, almost afraid at the intensity of the need. Your skin feels too hot, burning up from the inside, shivers of sensation cresting again and again. Heat sensitivity causes every touch to feel a little too much, the places where your bodies met tingling slightly.  Taehyung swallows thickly, heavy lidded gaze lingering on your chest and face, before he leans forward, his hands coaxing your thighs around his waist. His arms brace on either side of your shoulders, the movement crushing his hips against yours and grinding his cock inside you. He sighs at the sensation, his breath blowing over your lips and cheeks, before he kisses you gently. "Hold on." His hips roll back in one long, sensual glide before he sinks back in, beginning a smooth, steady rhythm that gives you just a taste of what you need but the ache is still there, demanding, infuriating. You're forced to lock your arms (and claws) around his shoulders and ride the pace, pushing back insistently against him, urging him faster and harder, the measured rocking of his hips only stoking the fire. It's impossible to focus on anything else but the hazy pleasure, the sharp need, the cruel tease of his hips. A constant stream of sounds issue from your mouth, bitten-off moans and small mewls of frustration, caught by open-mouthed kisses, his tongue alternating between languorous strokes and fleeting dips between your lips, his face taught with concentration. When you tighten around him again, squeezing around his cock with as much force as you can bear, his expression breaks. A curse rips from his throat in a rough cry, before his hips slam forward. "So tight, oh, fuck," he groans, sweat slicking his face and neck, his eyes clenched shut. "Damn it..." Taehyung stills, rooted to the spot for a moment, before his jaw tightens. He swipes a hand across his forehead, shoving his hair back until it's no longer draped over his brows and eyes, and takes a deep breath. You're still coming down from that first hard thrust, writhing against the powerful shock of pleasure he'd sent ricocheting through your body, when he rises above you and slips his arms under your back. "You asked for it, Y/N," he murmurs, his voice rough, before he draws back until the tip of his cock is all that's left inside you. He waits for second while you struggle under him, trying to force him back inside with your thighs around his waist, before thrusting forward, pounding back inside you and drawing a high shout from your throat. A small scream hits the air before you lose your breath, descending into hiccuping cries as Taehyung fits his into the crook of your neck and starts a bruising pace, putting those powerful thighs to work. He's breathing hard into your neck, his arms and chest anchoring you to the bed, the loud clap of skin on skin echoing obscenely into the room. He presses a wet kiss to your shoulder, his tongue laving over the pheromone-rich skin and sucking a fresh bruise there, and you shudder on the next thrust inward, the orgasm catching you by surprise. You whine in the back of your throat and toss your head back, savoring the heady rush of pleasure, but it barely takes the edge off your need. Taehyung pauses for a second and turns his head, voicing his confusion in a grunt of your name, but you only lift your hips and push back against him, demanding more. "Not yet, keep going," you hiss, cringing from the added sensitivity, but the heat blurs the sensations together, the spike of release becoming subsumed under aching need once more. Taehyung redoubles his pace, working harder and harder, his throaty, needy hums pressed to your ear. You lose track of time under the onslaught of his hips, the quick shuttling of his cock inside you, the desperate clinging of your inner walls as they fight to keep him inside. At some point, he pulled one arm out from under you and reached down between your thighs, his fingers unerringly finding your clit and rubbing the swollen bud, not letting up the harsh force of his hips for a second. The second orgasm washes over you, his fingers drawing a sob from your lips when he pinches your clit between his index and middle, and this time the heat abates slightly, still insistent and feverish but not the overwhelming intensity from before. Your body curls up, pressing against Taehyung and rubbing as best you can with his hold on you, instinctively searching for contact. "I'm gonna cum this time, Y/N, I can't--" he bites out, drenched in sweat. His hips falters slightly, the pace stuttering, before he finds it again, the power of his thrusts growing more erratic. "One more, Taehyung, don't stop, please." He grunts, the muscles in his shoulders bunching, before he forces himself onto his forearms, his face braced over yours. "Shit," he pants, his expression twisting in agony. "You're too sexy like this. Ah, fuck, 'm not gonna make it." One more. You just need one more, and you could rest. Taehyung thrusts in hard, drawing his hips in tight circles, and grinding slowly. He leans down and kisses you, muffling your small cries and sinking his tongue in your mouth. His fingers still work at your clit, stroking and twisting the small bud almost painfully, before rubbing down your folds until his finger tips brushed the hilt of his cock. Desperate, you drop your arm from around his shoulder and add your fingers to his, flushing at how slick you are. He jumps at the sudden addition, breaking the kiss to crane his neck and look down. "God, that's so hot," he groans hoarsely, his tongue swiping over his lips as he watches. "Mm, gonna show me how you touch yourself, Y/N?" A shudder runs down your back, the hair at the nape of your neck rising. He's still grinding against you, his cock rubbing against your walls, but he slowed down slightly so he could watch your fingers, so much smaller than his own, slip through your folds, completely soaked within seconds. That's not what you intended, you need him to keep thrusting, to keep fucking you within an inch of your life. You tug on his hips again, urging him to move. Taehyung hums low, his eyes pinned to the sight of your hand between your legs, middle and ring finger curled and pressed together, running laps around your clit before worrying it roughly with your fingertips. "That's it. Not one to tease, huh, Y/N," he says softly, the desperate gleam in his eye from earlier fading slightly for barely controlled lust as you stroked yourself. "That's okay. I tease enough for both of us." He turns his head until he can mouth at your neck, grinning sharply when you whine in frustration at the lack of movement. "Or are you just that desperate to come? Mmm, that's so good, babe. Keep going." His fingers return for a minute, hot and wet, sliding under yours and copying the movements you'd shown him. Taehyung leans up again, the arm bracing him above you trembling under his weight, and stares hard into your face, his hips whipping back and reviving the fast pace. He bites his lip, his hair falling over his eyes, before he guides your hand back down to your clit. "Fuck, you're sexy," he whispers, before his other arm comes back up and braces on your other side. "Never been this hard in my life." Propping his forehead on your shoulder, he picks up the pace again, pounding into you as fast as he can, his hips snapping fluidly. You writhe under him, head dropping back against the bed as you struggle to keep up, rubbing your clit with enough force that it would be swollen later, achy and bruised. Choked breaths and moans fill the room, interrupted only by the frantic creaking of the bed. Taehyung shifts slightly, rolling his hips into the thrust, trapping your hand under his stomach before leaning back again when you protest. Craning his neck, he drags his tongue up the curve of one breast, leaving a wet, cool line on your feverish skin, before pulling one stiff nipple into his mouth and sucking firmly. "Please tell me you're close," Taehyung gasps, breaking away from your breast and glancing up, his gaze wild. "Almost, almost," you pant, that familiar wave of sensation building in the pit of your stomach. Blearily, you turn your face and nuzzle the top of his head, urging him up until you can press your face into his neck and shoulder. You scent-mark him again, sucking the new purpled bruise you'd given him earlier back into your mouth and biting down again. The second that taste hit your tongue, the wave crested and you come, muffling a broken sob against his neck. "Y/N, I can't--I--" Taehyung stutters before his rhythm breaks and he's gripping your hips tightly, pounding into you as your walls tighten around him again, milking him for all he's worth. He comes with a hoarse shout, rocking down into you a few more times to prolong the ecstasy. With a drawn-out but pleased groan, he collapses on top of you, crushing your hand between you, and nuzzles his nose into your cheek. You make a small sound of complaint but stay pliant under his weight, enjoying the feeling of safety and comfort. Three orgasms seem to have satiated your heat for now, no longer raging through your body in an all consuming flame. It's simmering below the surface, a low-grade fever burrowed under your skin, but at least you can think more clearly now, enough that you give a small, fond huff of laughter. "Did you just give me a bunny kiss?" "Maybe," he giggles tiredly, voice warm and sleepy. "Dork," you whisper before snuggling a little closer, instinctually seeking comfort. Taehyung hums before rolling to the side, slipping out of you in the process, but you're both too worn out at the moment to care. He reaches over your shoulder and grabs something, tugging it across your bodies with a few weak jerks. It's the quilt you'd used the other night on the couch. "How long do we got?" He rumbles quietly, his arm wrapping around your back and securing you against his chest. "Maybe three hours," you admit, knowing from experience that you'd normally get to rest about two if you were by yourself, but with the amount of pheromone you were breathing in, your body would register a heat mate and be sated for longer. You'd learned the more scientific explanation in mandatory shifter sexual education in high school, but you'd not bothered to remember the details. In short, a heat mate satisfies instinctual chemical and sensory needs that a dildo does not. "Why? You tired already? Guess I'll need my vibrator after all." "What's that? Sorry, I can't hear you over the loud purring in my ear," he replies lazily, and you feel a sharp pinch on your butt cheek. "Shut up, I can't help it," you mumble, mortified, trying to turn away from him. "No, no," he laughs in that deep voice, beaming as he locks his arms around you and keeps you against his chest. "It's cute, I like it. You should do it more often. Really." You roll your eyes and sigh but tuck your head under his chin nevertheless, hiding the blush on your cheeks. You'd only ever shared your purr with your family before. "Go to sleep, Tae. You'll need it every chance we get, if you're planning on keeping that promise." "Sure, sure. Just keep purring."    The rounds begin to blur and stretch across time, until hours feel like barely minutes and you’re reaching for him again, that sweet face drawn tight with need, your lips bitten raw and swollen, your ears pressed tight to the sides of your head in distress. The sweat on your skin barely has time to cool before the heat returns and burns from inside you. Somewhere around four in the afternoon on Sunday, you’d passed out for several hours and Taehyung had followed, fatigued after what had felt like constant, unrelenting sex. His own rut felt nothing like this--he'd fuck the hell out of someone for a day or two at most , and even then they'd have more than two to three hours to catch a break. Hot, wet heat encircling his dick draws him out of sleep and the burst of arousal is like a punch to the gut. He grunts, shying away at first when exhaustion tries to drag him under again, but a small, plaintive sound stops him. “Mmm, Y/N,” Taehyung hums softly, his head lolling to the side and eyes blinking open sleepily until he can see you, bent over his cock and sucking him deep into your mouth. Your eyes glaze and soften with purring satisfaction, and he’s going straight to hell for how quickly he goes from semi-hard to full length. Christ, you're gorgeous. Struggling to wakefulness, he sits up clumsily onto one elbow to get a better look and reaches a hand into your hair, his fingers catching the soft fur of your cat ears. “God, your mouth,” he groans, biting his lip and watching your pretty lips stretch around his dick obscenely. You suck harder and pull him deeper, choking slightly when your throat closes down around him. Taehyung’s back bows upward as a harsh grunt rips from his chest, his arm collapsing under him.  The slick, tight perfection of your mouth is nearly too much--his body feels rubbed raw, his dick constantly aching and oversensitive. He'd slipped into a pseudo-rut after breathing in your heat pheromones, but his body had quickly relapsed, unused to maintaining peak rut for this long. Every lash of your tongue against his shaft and around the slit on his crown, the sensual rub of your lips down his cock when you draw him further in feels like pleasurable agony. Taehyung curls his hand under your chin, pressing lightly into your cheeks with his thumb and index finger. His head drops back as he hisses through his teeth, his hips thrusting shallowly into the sweet clasp of your mouth. A mumbled apology falls from his lips when you choke slightly, his cock pushing a little too far back, when you surge over him again. On the back stroke, your lips pull back slightly, just enough that the edge of your teeth trails over his shaft, scraping over too raw, too sensitive tender skin. "Ah, ah, Y/N, teeth," he yelps, gripping your chin lightly and easing off him. The tip of his cock just barely catches against your front teeth and the edge of your lips, drawing a whimper from his throat. "Sorry." You rest your head against his thigh, cheek smooshing cutely against the hard ridge of muscle, and take him in hand, stroking lazily. You look exhausted, dark circles looming under your eyes, a slump to your shoulders. He knows however rough he feels right now, you must be feeling it tenfold. At least the heat had gotten easier and easier over time, until you could last longer between rounds. He'd managed to get you to eat a couple granola bars before you'd fallen asleep the last time. "It's fine," he reassures you quietly, smiling when you glance up. "Just...too much." You offer a small smile back, still mindlessly squeezing your hand around him. You brush your tongue over dry lips, and he can spot the need hiding in your expression. "Time to break out the vibrator yet?" You ask with only half the amount of sarcasm the comment deserved, but Taehyung pouts anyway. "Never," he denies immediately, grinning. "I could go another three days." The skepticism is so thick in your expression that he actually gets a little offended, even if he was joking. "Really. Try me." "Luckily, I won't have to," you say, a note of relief in your voice. "Maybe another day, and we'll be free." "Don't wanna be free," Taehyung murmurs, brushing the tips of his fingers over your cat ear and grinning when it flicks him back. He glances down, curious about your reaction, and stills at the soft warmth in your eyes, the small blush on your cheeks. "We'll see. You might feel differently when you can't touch your dick for the next two weeks." "That's okay, you'll be there to touch it for me, right?" You scoff, shaking your head at him in exasperation. The scorn is somewhat ruined by the hand still slowly gliding up and down his cock, almost like you're ensuring he stays hard. He could tell you there wasn't much danger of him ever being flaccid around you, but it feels almost good. And he's been waiting to have your hand on any part of his body for months now, so he's not eager to part with that anytime soon. He grins, before tugging on the point of her ear. "Come up here." A loud, dramatic sigh answers him, before you drop his dick and lift up from the bed. He's surprised to discover you're wearing one of his sweaters, the navy-blue cable knit sweater that's twice his size. On you, it's practically a dress, the sleeves so large they fold in thick ropes around your elbows and brush against the sheets when you lean back and start to climb over him. The hem of the sweater slides over his dick, ready and waiting on his stomach, before retreating again when you sit on his thighs. "That's not really what I meant," he says casually, drinking in the sight of you in his sweater, bedhead and barefaced, hickeys blooming in shades of purple and pink along your neck and shoulders. "When did you put that on?" "Earlier. Got cold." Taehyung reaches forward and slides his hands up your knees, straining as far as he can go up the warm, velvety skin of your thighs. His middle finger barely touches the edge of his sweater. "Earlier? How long've you been awake?" You shrug and glance away, almost unconsciously wrapping your hand around him again and stroking your thumb along the crown. Taehyung's eyes narrow on your face, searching your expression for a couple moments and basking under the gentle pleasure of your hand, before he spots it. Guilt. You must've held off waking him up, even though you needed him. "Hmm..." Taehyung pushes himself up into a sitting position and threads his arms around your waist. With a pleased smirk, he noses around your jaw and neck, happy to find his scent coating your skin and mixing with your own and disregarding the other ones that linger and fill the room. The entire apartment probably smells like heat sex--you'd have to fumigate for hours later. He presses a teasing kiss to your collarbone and gnaws lightly on the ridge with his teeth playfully, before tipping his head back and kissing you. His hands rub your lower back through the sweater, massaging some of the sore muscles before dropping down and grabbing two handfuls of sweet, round ass. He grins against your lips when you jump, kneading the plump cheeks tightly and drawing you closer onto his lap. "Wanna ride me?" He asks, biting your lower lip. You stiffen, blinking at him through sleepy, hunger-filled eyes. "I'm okay for a bit longer." "Really?" "Yeah." "Because I'm starting to wonder if my dick has its own gravitational pull," he jokes quietly, before looking down pointedly. Even pressed against him as tight as you can go, his arms around your waist and hindering your view, you'd somehow slipped a hand between you to touch him. You jerk away and brace both hands on his shoulders, glaring determinedly at the incriminating one. "Sorry, I just...." He giggles smugly and squeezes your ass again. "I'm not complaining. See?" Taehyung rocks his hips upward, sliding his dick between his bare stomach and the soft fabric of the sweater. He grinds his teeth slightly at the feeling--he's so sensitive at this point that even cashmere would prickle a little--but he's still hard, a small gloss of pre-cum around the tip. Licking his lips, Taehyung lifts the edge of the sweater over his cock and regretfully drags one hand away from your delicious ass to guide it toward your core. He pauses for a second to brush against your folds, a throb of arousal shooting through him when he finds soft, drenched skin. "You're so wet," he says, something near reverence in his voice, before he curls a finger inside you. "For me?" "Who else?" You bite back, frowning. Tight, wet heat slips around him easily. He watches your face avidly as he strokes along your inner walls, his stomach tightening at the pained bliss in your expression, the wanton way your swollen lips fall apart, your breath growing heavier with every firm push. Gingerly brushing apart the top folds, he rubs his thumb over your clit, the way he remembered you doing that first night. Knowing he's using the same method you use on yourself sends a spiral of lust through his cock. "Too much?" He asks breathlessly when you jerk on his hand, your nails biting into the skin of his shoulders. "Yeah but don't stop," you mutter, wrinkles forming on your brow, as if you're unsure if this really feels good. You roll your hips over his hand in short circles, fucking yourself carefully on his fingers, and drop your head on his shoulder, stifling a moan against his skin. Taehyung bares his neck eagerly at the wandering skim of your lips along his shoulder, searching for a spot you hadn't marked with your mouth yet. He swallows thickly at the quick flash of your tongue on his collar, your lips fixing over one spot low on his neck and sucking feebly, weak after three days of nonstop sex but unable to resist the urge. Taehyung wants you to bite down. He loves rolling his shoulders and feeling the tiny bruises on his shoulders, the sore spots on his neck that would ache later when his clothes rubbed against them. Loves knowing you put them there. "More," he urges you, his left hand gripping your ass tighter and tugging you closer pointedly. You grunt and dig your nails into his shoulder in warning. He does it again just to see what you do, grinning when you nip his neck sharply. You're so soft around his fingers, fucked open over the past three days until he can easily slip another couple inside, slick trailing down his forearm as he thrusts. A strangled moan answers him, the smooth movement of your hips stuttering for a second, before you push harder against him, bouncing on his fingers. "Ready, ready," you pant, voice shaky. Taehyung hums eagerly and drags the sweater over your head, lazily devouring your naked breasts and stomach once it's tossed on the floor, abandoned. Craning his neck, he pulls one nipple into his mouth and sucks it like candy, and the needy whimper that follows is music to his ears. He curls his hands around your shoulders and smooths his palms down your back, settling them on your curvy hips. A long sigh pours from your lips as he lowers you onto his cock, your arms slackening around his shoulders. "Ah, god," Taehyung moans brokenly, as you sink onto him, your core gripping him snugly, and he nearly pulls out again. It's too much, the sensation unbearably acute on his raw dick, too sensitive nerve endings burning. It's so good. It's so good but fuck it hurts. "Wait, wait," he chokes when you start to lift again, dragging plush, creamy walls over his dick. "Y/N, fuck." "Trying to," you whisper against his throat, rocking helplessly against him. Taehyung grits his teeth and tries to think of unsexy things, anything to distract him from the too sharp pleasure. Sad puppies. His grandmother's feet. The orcs from the Lord of the Rings. He takes a deep breath and relaxes his grip on your waist when he realizes how tightly he's holding you. Another bead of sweat starts trailing down his back, racing along the groove of his spine. Then he helps you lift up from his thighs until only his tip remained. Taehyung shudders at the feeling, his shaft coated in your slick and teased by the cooler temperature of the bedroom, while his crown remained trapped in clinging, scorching heat. You drop down a second later, sucking him back inside in a breathtaking stroke, wringing a wordless growl from Taehyung's chest. The heat seems to slip back over you again, less powerful but urgent, forcing exhaustion back in replace of need. You wrap your arms around his shoulders and anchor one hand around the nape of his neck, flexing your thighs and riding him in unremitting waves. Your nose snuggles deeper into the crook of his neck, bursts of breath panting over his skin interrupted by short, sweet moans. Taehyung holds onto you desperately, a broken whine filling his throat at the intensity of sensation breaking over his cock. For all his bravado, the push toward one more orgasm feels like pleasurable torture, his body excruciatingly sensitive and overworked that his hips flinch away slightly on every stroke. You squeeze him in so tightly, so hotly that his skin feels blistered, even as ecstasy pools in the pit of his stomach. He can feel the orgasm building slowly, too slowly, his body struggling to interpret if this feels good or not. He tilts his head to the side, mouth searching for your ear and pulling the shell into his mouth, his teeth gripping a little too tightly. "C'me up here, babe," he pleads, dropping one arm behind him on the mattress to hold him up. He kisses you the second your mouth comes into range, thrusting his tongue through your lips and distracting himself from the overwhelming sensation. You kiss back feebly, letting him brush against your tongue and tease the roof of your mouth, more focused on fucking yourself down on him as quickly as you can bear. A small sob gets muffled against his lips. He forces his eyes open and feels his heart wrench at the distress on your face, the ears quivering on either side of your head. The frantic motions of your body falter slightly, sweat gleaming over your thighs and chest, and he can tell you're losing strength. Fisting the sheet below, Taehyung flexes his hips under you, working his dick up and forcing a shattered cry from your chest. Tears prick at the corner of his eyes, trailing down his cheeks and jaw, but he pushes past the pain and pounds into you with every ounce of strength he's got left. With his other hand, he drops your waist and slides it back into your folds, worrying at your clit without caring about technique or finesse. You force your hips still and just take it, holding onto his shoulders for dear life, desperate, filthy cries filling the room and driving him wild. Taehyung twists upward, slamming into your pussy with one too rough, wet clap, and a soundless scream rips from your chest, your walls clamping down on him as you hurtle into orgasm. Your nails dig into his shoulders, sharp pinpricks of pain exploding on the edge of his awareness, and another strangled sob breaks by his ear, this one loud and wrecked and full of relief. Taehyung's head drops back, tears slipping past his lashes and pooling in the shell of his ears, as he works you through it, forcing his hips to jerk upward and plunge himself into you. He manages six more thrusts before the coil in his stomach snaps, agonizing pleasure twisting fiercely in his gut as he comes. His arm collapses under him, dropping you both onto the bed with a heavy bounce, a choked gasp echoing nearby. Stars burst at the edges of his sight, his hips still thrusting helplessly inside you as the orgasm runs its course, too acute to be pleasure, too damn sweet to be pain, and Taehyung's hoarse cries finally die down after a prolonged, torturous minute. He's shaking hard under you, exhaustion creeping up on him, but he still clutches you tightly to his chest, panting into your hair. After recovering slightly, he tips you both over onto the bed, a choked whine escaping when he slips out of you in the process. Taehyung leans his hips away, his dick too sensitive to even touch the sheets or your skin, but he strokes his hand down your side in comfort. Blinking back the tears from his eyes, he glances down at your face. "Y/N?" You've passed out already, still panting lightly against his chest. The tension in your expression, the frown lines and tight jaw, are smooth once more in sleep, a bead of sweat slipping from your nose and onto the sheets below. Your back trembles slightly under the brush of his hand, but it's much less feverish than yesterday, than the day before. Your heat's finally breaking. Taehyung collapses against you in relief, too tired to continue petting you. He tugs you closer and reaches blindly for whatever article of clothing is nearby, covering the both of you as best he can before his energy gives out. He just needs to rest for ten minutes. Then he'd drag himself out of bed for the wipes on the floor and clean up a bit. Taehyung really should get you to eat several protein bars and drink some water once you woke up. "Just a little bit," he murmurs, his eyes slipping shut, sleep tugging at the edges of his conscious. The light rumbling against his chest makes his heart skip and a smile form on his lips. "In a minute or...seven." He wakes up eight hours later.  Taehyung snores. He's laying on his back, the warm afternoon sun shining through your bedroom window and painting his chest in a swatch of gold. Constellations of hickeys and scratches are scattered across his front, tiny bruises blooming along his hips and pecs while several bites form purple rings on his shoulders and neck. Dark blonde hair sticks to his cheek bones, flattened behind his ears from dried sweat. His mouth has fallen open in sleep, his lips puffy and chapped, a tiny bubble of drool nestled in the corner of his mouth. You stare from his side, propped up on a folded pillow, content to trace around his skin with your finger in the warm puddle of sunlight. You feel disgusting--dried sweat forming a itchy coat over your skin, your hair messy and in need of a wash. Your thighs stick together and burn whenever they rub together, the inside skin chafed and an angry red. You desperately want to peel yourself off the bed and shower for two hours, maybe even take a bath afterwards. But you stay. It's the last day. You'd known the second you'd surfaced from a long, deep sleep. The need had disappeared. The niggling, insistent desperation to wrestle Taehyung to the ground and fuck him had faded, and the softer feelings you'd tried to stifle returned the moment you opened blearily eyes and found his face inches away, his strong, handsome features lax as he slept. He could still change his mind. You swallow the anxiety at the thought and watch your finger trace the soft ridges of his abs, climb over the cute roundness below his bellybutton, dip inside the small hole curiously.  Despite your hesitation, not once had Taehyung shown any indication that he isn't genuinely serious about his feelings for you--not in the ways that really mattered. He let you steal every piece of his expensive wardrobe with a smile on his face. He let you set the pace before your heat, offering up any affection and comfort you wanted gladly. He'd treated you as he always did--playful, teasing, edging just shy of being a little asshole before grinning and getting away with it. Even hopped up on hormones and heat, you'd felt safe and warm and satiated. Just a bit treasured in his arms. And damn could he fuck like a machine. A tiny throb of interest bubbles up between your thighs, but you shove the thought away immediately. You're unbelievably sore right now, your core aching like you've been riding a back for several days straight. You kinda want to take a couple advil, shove an ice pack down there, and curl into the fetal position until the pain goes away. You draw up his chest this time, tapping thoughtfully on the curve of his peck before teasing his small, brown nipple between your fingers. A huff interrupts his snoring, hitching the rhythm, before he relaxes again but it's too late. You spot the curve at the corner of his lips. "I know you're awake, Kim Taehyung." A sleepy smirk unfolds before he opens warm, heavy-lidded brown eyes. "That feels nice," he murmurs, his voice rough from sleep. "What, this?" You tweak his nipple again. "Mmhmm." You muffle a laugh into the pillow, amused incredulity bubbling up inside. Your hand drops onto the bed instead, your fingers slipping under the edge of your sleeves. You'd donned the navy blue sweater again when you woke up, the chill of the bedroom drawing goosebumps along your arms and legs. "Hey, don't stop," he complains petulantly before adding, "Ah, your ears went away." "What?" "Your cat ears," he answers, pouting. "You had them out the whole time. They're so cute." Blushing, you smother your face into the pillow. "It's instinctual. I'm surprised you didn't half-shift a little either." "Ah," Taehyung sighs, shifting around on the bed into a more comfortable position. He picks up your hand and drops it back on his chest expectantly, before explaining, "I do when I'm in full rut, but it takes a lot to force me into it. I grew up with two younger brothers, nothing surprises me anymore. Well. Almost nothing." You wait for him to go on, your hand laying uselessly on his abs because fuck if you're gonna give into him every time, but he only pouts when he realizes you're not going to keep petting him. A glint slips into his eyes before he rolls suddenly, worming his way on top of you until you're trapped under his weight. He faceplants into your chest, nuzzling into the valley and huffing irritably when he's met with soft sweater fibers, but a contented sigh heaves from his chest a moment later. You put up a token protest, your limbs fiercely rejecting any kind of prolonged or burdening movement, and brush a hand along his bare back. A few minutes pass as you bask in the sunlight, languidly enjoying the warmth on your face, when Taehyung's voice rises from your chest. "Is it later yet?" You stiffen under him, your heart hitching quickly. He could probably feel it against his cheek. "I guess it is," you reply softly, anxiety swirling in your stomach where sleepy content had been a moment before. "Y/N." “Hmm?” “Date me.”




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



