



Only If For A Night - greyskais - Mo Dao Zu Shi - Mo Xiang
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Only If For A Night
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/17296499.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
魔道祖师 - 墨香铜臭 | Módào Zǔshī - Mòxiāng Tóngxiù
Relationship:
Jīn Líng | Jīn Rúlán/Lán Yuàn | Lán Sīzhuī
Character:
Lán Yuàn | Lán Sīzhuī, Jīn Líng | Jīn Rúlán, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Lán Jǐngyí
Additional Tags:
Post-Canon, Whump, Pining, Aged-Up Character(s), Confessional Sex, Don't copy to another site
Collections:
Loving Jin Ling hours
Stats:

        Published: 2019-01-05
        Words: 18764
      

Only If For A Night
by greyskais
Summary
Despite everything, there was one naked truth that defied denial. Sizhui hadn’t asked Jin Ling to come because he’d thought Jin Ling would appreciate one last hurrah, a final night-hunt to blow off steam on fierce corpses instead of potential sect allies or enemies. Sizhui had selfishly wanted to have Jin Ling by his side once more, one last time before everything changed and he became untouchable, unreachable as Sect Leader Jin. To be completely honest, he didn’t care what happened to the Lanling Jin Sect. He only wanted Jin Ling to be safe because he cared about him, more than he ought.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Only If For A Night

It was like Mo Village, all over again. There had been unexplained disappearances from a valley village in the heart of the Qizimei mountains – wild country, where the headwaters of the Beihe River ran cold and fast and the mountains cast sunset early on the countryside. It was tiger country, too. It was first a hunter of pelts, an itinerant, that disappeared. His absence was only noted by a creditor in Xiushan, who sent a messenger to inquire when the hunter’s debts would be made good. The messenger was dismissed with the regrets of the village headman. The man could have fallen down a ravine for all anyone knew. Then another disappeared – but this time a local man, who had a wife and child to suffer his absence. The village raised search parties, to no avail. It was a tragedy to be sure, but tragedies were as much a part of life as the sun’s rise and the moon’s fall.                                      One or two tragedies turned into three, four, five: a washerwoman who’d gone to the river, her baskets found overturned and clothes scattered across the bank; a woodcutter who had greeted the dumpling seller at the west gate every morning for the last thirty-two years, who wished the woman a good day’s sales for the last time; the blacksmith’s apprentice, who’d boasted to his friend of a rendezvous with a sprightly maid in the forest. There was no pattern to it, but no suspicious circumstances other than the fact of five disappearances in not much more than two months. Then the villagers began to find bodies, and it became apparent that it was not a tragedy of natural cause. Over the years, the story of the lost souls of Dafan Mountain had spread west through the country, and now the village headman knew that the intervention of cultivators was needed. He petitioned the local sect, a small clan affair, to investigate the disappearances. The cultivators went and did not come back. Now desperate, the village headman sent for the cultivators from one of the Four Clans. It was nothing like Mo Village, but Lan Sizhui didn’t know that when he answered. Now, backed against a sheer rise of grey rock, feet planted on the narrow path zigzagging in a series of treacherous switchbacks down the mountainside, he dashed the blood from his eyes and fumbled at his qiankun pouch for a signal flare, knowing no-one would answer.“Jin Ling!” he shouted.There was the flare. It was all quiet, around him, and he strained his ears to catch any sound. He was too far southwest. If someone was watching, it would take them days to respond to his signal. Sizhui would have moved on by then – he had to move, now.“Jin Ling!” Where was he? They’d gotten separated some way before the rise and the run through the forest, but Sizhui had made him agree, earlier, with him and Jingyi. They would meet here, the only three of them that had answered the call, if they were separated. He’d had a cold, strange, feeling in his stomach. Sizhui’s hand hadn’t wanted to leave his sword. A scream rent the air. Lan Sizhui turned, and saw a brief shadow cross the moon behind him before something slammed into him, throwing him off the path. Sizhui yelled, hand going to his sword, feeling its hilt begin to take its weight as he unsheathed it. It was a headlong tumble through the air. Another sharp scream, and Sizhui realised Jin Ling had made it, that he was struggling, one hand tangled in the front of Sizhui’s robes. It was an awful chaos, the feeling of falling without orientation, of spinning and tumbling, arrested only by that precarious grip on a sword-hilt. From afar, an animal roar – and from near, Jin Ling, howling. He slipped and finally began to fall away. Sizhui felt the difference in the sudden easing of the pain in his over-extended shoulder. Sizhui reached out to catch Jin Ling’s hand, the only visible thing, flailing out through the torrent of whirling stone and night-darkness, and fell from his sword. 
  Awareness began in the centre of his back, radiating through his shoulders and limbs in time to the laboured rhythm of his heart. He tried to breathe and wheezed, choking on air. It was not mere awareness – pain had put him under and pain was pulling him up. Phantom lights flashed behind his closed eyelids, until he opened his eyes and blinked. The grey darkness around him took a second to come into focus. Sizhui breathed again, a deep, gulping gasp as if he’d been underwater. The first thing was to roll onto his back – and he realised what the pain was. The guqin on his back, in its protective wrapping, had shattered in the fall. Great fragments had pierced through the cloth, his robes, and his undergarments to break skin.   Sizhui rolled to the side, turning his head to look to the skies. It was grey, the predawn tinged with the barest flush of amber. Wincing, he felt for the ties holding the guqin across his body and released them with a few quick tugs. With a groan, he made his way onto his front. There was nothing the matter with him, apart from the superficial wounds on his back, but his mind moved sluggishly, and the forest seemed to sway around him. What was Sizhui doing here? Blinking the flashing lights from his eyes, he sat, and wondered why there were dirty handprints all down the front of his robe. Where was his sword? His sword – he remembered, suddenly. Sizhui bolted to his feet, looking around with a desperate urgency. He staggered as his left ankle complained, wavering under his weight. Sizhui hobbled to grasp at tree trunk for support. Where was his sword? He groped at the sheath across his hip, finding it empty. He’d lost it during the fall – and the signal flare, too. He’d been holding the flare with his right hand, and he’d drawn his sword with his right hand, and he didn’t remember dropping it, but he must have. His qiankun pouch hung by a string to his belt, mercifully – but he was missing something far more important. “Jin Ling!” he shouted. “Jin Ling! Where are you?”A flock of birds in some distant bourn took flight, but only his echo provided a human voice’s reply. He’d fallen with him. No, Jin Ling had been flying before Sizhui had. It was his body that had knocked Sizhui off the cliff. The beast must have gotten the better of him, somehow. Sizhui gritted his teeth and forced himself to stand properly, looking around as the light increased to see any signs of the other cultivator. There was a passage of broken brush and churned soil, some way down the slope he stood on. Sucking his teeth to stop himself from crying out at the lancing pain through his leg, Sizhui gathered up the broken guqin in its cloth and picked his way down. His body felt like one giant bruise, and he was uncomfortably aware of the sticky liquid seeping down his back. Could the beast smell blood as well as the Xuanwu of Slaughter had? Sizhui pushed the thought aside, peering into the gloom. He gasped has he saw a flash of gold in the darkness – Jin Ling? Sizhui tripped and landed on his hip, sliding down until he reached the crumpled form at the base of the tree. Oddly, the first thing Sizhui saw was the Sparks Amidst Snow, somehow still stubbornly shining white through the dirt and tears that the uniform had collected in their strange flight from the stone rise. But it was inevitable that he would see Jin Ling, his closed eyes and the smudge of blood at the edge of his mouth.“Jin Ling,” Sizhui breathed, scooting forward with his hands to shift Jin Ling onto his back. For a moment, dread chilled him to the core. He couldn’t – was he still…? He placed a hand on Jin Ling’s chest and his face closer to the other’s, fearing the slack and peaceful lines of the younger boy’s face had another import. Sizhui did not dare to breathe, worrying he’d miss the slightest sign of life – but Jin Ling’s breath carried a brief warmth as it touched his cheek, and his chest rose and fell. Sizhui nearly collapsed with relief. Jin Ling’s face screwed up as he coughed, and Sizhui hurriedly helped him to turn over. His eyes didn’t open even as his coughed out a glob of congealed black blood and made a high, animal noise of pain. Sizhui frowned, his own stiffness forgotten, as he realised that there was something wrong with Jin Ling’s right shoulder. The younger boy groaned, eyelids fluttering as he, too, came to consciousness. Sizhui rolled him onto his back again, careful of the arm. By its position, it was probably out of joint. “Lan Sizhui?” Jin Ling rasped, dissolving into another fit of coughing.“Turn your head, there, that’s right,” he urged, holding Jin Ling’s hair away from his face as he choked up another bit of dark blood. “Shh, there.”“Where’s…?” Jin Lin asked, looking at him with a frown, that vermillion dot rising with the crease between his brows.To be frank, Sizhui had no idea what he was talking about – whether the beast, Jingyi, where they were, or his sword – so he tried to answer everything. “I don’t know. I think we lost the beast for the moment. Jingyi got away – I saw his sword-glare disappearing beyond the mountains. He’ll bring help.” Early in the fight, the younger Lan disciple’s sword arm had been torn to bloody ribbons by the beast’s teeth. It was all he could do to stay on his sword when Sizhui sent him away. He hoped Jingyi had reached safety, if only for Jingyi’s sake. “I don’t know how far we fell, or where my sword is.”“Suihua,” Jin Ling whispered, “I dropped… Suihua when… I went over.” It was true. The sheath at Jin Ling’s side was empty. Yet the other side drew Sizhui’s attention. From the outside of the knee to back of the hip, Jin Ling’s leg had been laid open by a long, smooth cut. The wound oozed sluggishly and was crusted with debris.“Your leg,” Sizhui murmured, tracing around the cut. It was too clean to have been made by an animal’s claw or tooth – he must have cut Jin Ling by accident as he drew his sword to arrest their fall. Something inside him quailed and trembled, but it must have appeared on his face.Jin Ling, eyes clearer, frowned at him. All the false peace of before was erased from his features. He took a bracing breath of the mountain air, now that there was no poison in his throat and lungs. “Forget it.” His voice came stronger. “Help me sit.” Sizhui did, twisting his own body so that his left leg laid out straight. The pain in his ankle was a dull, insistent throb. The fog swept from his senses as he looked over Jin Ling from head to toe again, cataloguing the scratches and scrapes and the weapons they neither of them had. Well, but for a minor miracle - Jin Ling bit down on a moan as he gingerly removed bow and quiver. He settled back against the tree trunk and met Sizhui’s gaze again with a seriousness Sizhui had seen only flashes of before.“Jingyi’s gone?”Sizhui nodded, absently reaching for the back of his collar to unstick his robes from his back. “He made it out. The nearest outpost is half a day’s flying away, though, and it’s not manned by either of our sects. I don’t think that anyone less than a group of senior disciples from ours could cope with this beast.” It was unwise of him to move. The wounds had begun to scab together with the cloth. Disturbing them made Sizhui bleed anew, pricked with unpleasant sensations. At least cut near his hairline had stopped flowing into his eye.Jin Ling grabbed Sizhui’s sleeve with his good hand. “You’re hurt.”Sizhui shook his head, smiling as much as he could manage. It was a pitiful attempt, but Jin Ling looked pale, and he didn’t want to frighten the younger boy. It was supposed to have been a straightforward night-hunt – a last hurrah of sorts, before Jin Ling’s added responsibilities kept him at Lanling and Koi Tower. He was hot-blooded, more than could be accounted for by mere youth. Jin Ling had known that this was potentially his last chance to hunt in the free wilds, to unleash his temper on a fierce corpse instead of a potential sect ally or enemy, and so had jumped at Sizhui’s invitation to join him and Jingyi. They had thought, by the state of the bodies, partially devoured, shredded flesh hanging from bone, that it was something in that way. Having faced a soul-eating goddess and ghost city already, they had felt confident. Alert, yes, expecting danger, but not this beast. Sizhui opened his qiankun pouch and reached in, searching for the spare canteen he remembered he had, and a clean handkerchief. It was three-quarters full. He wet the handkerchief generously, slid closer, and began to clean Jin Ling’s wound. Jin Ling tensed, hissing through his teeth as the soft cloth scraped at his raw flesh. Sizhui steadied the wounded leg with his other hand, unable to help noticing that the cloth of Jin Ling’s trouser leg had fallen away, unmasking skin like milk and moonlight. He unstoppered the canteen again and dribbled a little over the deepest part of the wound, helping to flush the dirt and flowing blood from it. Jin Ling’s muscles jumped under his touch, but the boy made a valiant effort not to make a sound. The forest was silent, so unnaturally devoid of the sounds of living creatures that the quickened measure of Jin Ling’s breaths was loud as a cry to Sizhui.“Lan Sizhui,” Jin Ling said, twisting Sizhui’s sleeve over his knuckles. “You’re wounded.”“It’s not serious.” Sizhui took the bundle containing his broken guqin and tipped the wood fragments and tangled strings onto the forest floor.  The cloth was a good size, stitched with protective runes and bound with a tough braided cord. He looped the cord several times and put it in his pouch. There was enough cloth to make a good bandage, if only he could cut it. “Here,” Jin Ling said, passing him a small dagger, hilt first. Sizhui reached out to take it, only for Jin Ling to snatch away the dagger, frowning more fiercely than before. “Ah. I’ll give it to you if you promise to keep some for yourself.”He had that well-accustomed mulish look on his face, and Sizhui could only relent. For a time, there was only the sound of him tearing the cloth into careful, even strips, until he had enough to bind Jin Ling’s leg. He folded some into a pad to staunch the bleeding, though Jin Ling’s qi flow was already helping the wound dry out. Sizhui traced the head of the cut, the skin high on Jin Ling’s hip.“I need to bandage your cut,” Sizhui began, hesitantly, hardly daring to meet the other boy’s eyes. Jin Ling’s eyes were dark and heavy on him as Sizhui’s fingers pushed at the fabric of his trousers, a mere three fingers’ breadth remaining uncut. “Can you undo your trousers?” Sizhui bit back the ‘for me’ at the last moment, sensing that it would be unwise. Jin Ling reddened, yanking his hand away with an indignant noise. “What the hell, Lan Sizhui? This is no time for, for - !”Sizhui sighed, fighting away that unbidden relief at the life Jin Ling’s blush brought to his face. “To secure the bandage well, I would have to loop the first length over your other hip, keeping the dirty cloth well away from the wound. Please believe me, Jin Ling, I have no intentions other than preventing further blood loss or infection.”Jin Ling seemed to deflate suddenly at that, shooting Sizhui an inexplicably betrayed look. His eyes were clearer, and he reluctantly pulled at the ties holding what remained of his trousers in place. Sizhui wasn’t sure what it was that kept him from tugging at the matched ties with impatient fingers. He waited instead, until Jin Ling unwrapped the right side, first to the back, and then finer inner tie, and the front.   There was something different. Jin Ling was even redder now, chin tucked to his chest. His slight trembles were visible even down the length of his torso, through the fine linen gauze of his undergarment. It hung by a thread, and Sizhui looked up to seek his permission. Jin Ling gave a jerky nod, and Sizhui slide the tip of the blade under the undergarment, cutting it loose with a single motion. Now he saw the unblemished skin of Jin Ling’s stomach and the fine curve of his waist without the hindrance of an undergarment. Sizhui had reached out and touched before he knew what he was doing. Jin Ling flinched, muscles contracting from Sizhui’s cold fingertips, tucking his face into his left shoulder. Sizhui recoiled, an apology stuttering from his tongue. He turned his face away, busying himself with the clean cloth. He apologised again, reaching around Jin Ling’s torso, settling the bandage next to Jin Ling’s skin. He settled the pad carefully over the wound, covered the cut little by little. Jin Ling flinched again as Sizhui carefully bent his leg, looping the bandage over and under, covering flesh and ruined cloth, knuckles brushing Jin Ling’s soft inner thigh. He tied the bandage off securely. “There. That should help.”Jin Ling winced, and Sizhui offered him the canteen. The younger boy took a mouthful. “Now you,” he said, eyes sparking.Sizhui shook his head. “It’s only just broken the skin. Your arm’s more important. We need to deal with it before we can move.” He realised that the sky was peach and lavender now, and they’d been in the one place for far too long.Jin Ling gritted his teeth and sat straighter against the tree trunk. “Help me put it back in.” Sizhui did, lifting the arm at the elbow, supporting the joint. Belatedly, he said to Jin Ling, “Bite something.”He’d just gotten the gum supporter of the broken guqin in his mouth when Sizhui pushed up and back, popping the arm back into its socket. Jin Ling yelled around the wood in his mouth, curling forward as Sizhui tested the motion of his arm. Satisfied, Sizhui bent the injured arm across Jin Ling’s chest, using a remaining length of the guqin wrap as a sling. It was well and truly light, now – they had to move. He had no idea where the beast was, how fast it moved in daylight – if it could – how far it had already come. “Jin Ling? Can you stand?”The younger boy still shook with pain, his face now blotchy with the effort of holding in his cries. Still he nodded, meeting Sizhui’s gaze with over-bright eyes. Sizhui checked his qiankun pouch once more and paused over his broken instrument. “Wait. Help me remove the strings. They might be useful, later.”“The Chord Assassination,” Jin Ling murmured. There was a tiredness to his voice, his posture. “You’ve learnt the technique?”Why was he panicking now, of all times? His fingers shook and his stomach felt oddly hollow as everything began to catch up with him – the beast, their injuries, their isolation. Sizhui forced those thoughts aside and made himself slowly untwist the threads from where they were secured by the pegs. “Only in theory. I don’t know if it’ll be effective in practice.”Jin Ling was silent for a second. “It’s better than nothing. Take my bow and quiver, too. I can’t use it.” Sizhui did, securing both safely over his back. Having the worn-smooth grip, the evidence of Jin Ling’s history with this bow, close to his heart somehow soothed the frightened animal in him. They had no swords, no flares, and only what little Sizhui had packed in his qiankun pouch, anticipating only a short hunt. He lurched to his feet, finally, overbalancing as his sprained ankle locked up.“Agh!”“Sizhui!” Jin Ling too tried to get to his feet, only to moan as the pressure on his injured leg exceeded what he could withstand. With the sun rising in the sky, Sizhui realised that the danger was much greater than what he had realised.“I’m alright, I’m alright,” he gasped, as if that would make it true. He couldn’t concentrate on his pain. Jin Ling was hurt worse than him, which meant that Sizhui had to protect him on the long run out of the forest. “Wait here. Keep the dagger with you.”If they wanted to stand a chance, they had to keep running, and to keep running they had to be able to walk. Sizhui scanned the slope, spotting a straight, strong broken branch. He stripped it of twigs, testing his weight against it and finding that it supported him enough to take the pressure off his injured leg. Now he only had to find another for Jin Ling. Sizhui had no such luck and hobbled back to Jin Ling with a tension pulling at the back of his shoulders. The hair on the back of his neck was prickling, though there was no sign of the beast. He thrust the branch at Jin Ling, who’d worked his way to his feet with his back against the tree trunk. “Here.”Jin Ling frowned at him again, and Sizhui was worried that he would bat the branch of his hands in a fit of temper, unable to tolerate the indignity of being weak and helpless before another, but he didn’t. He took the makeshift walking stick from Sizhui and began to ease onto his feet by degrees. It was tortuously slow going when they finally managed to get to their feet. Sizhui expected Jin Ling to complain, but the younger boy said not one word, though his shoulder must still be horribly inflamed, and his leg wound would most likely be prevented from closing up by the continued movement. At least they were going downhill, headed into one of the valleys. The sun was rising from ahead of them, so the valley was the east, where they needed to if they wanted to try and find the trail again. It had to be somewhere nearby. They couldn’t have fallen so far. Perhaps they might find their swords. Sizhui doubted it, but he voiced his thought for Jin Ling’s benefit. He received only stubborn silence in return. His ankle worsened – the pain turned more into a bear-trap of grasping fire with every step he took, and by mid-day he was sweating and choking for air. But they had to keep moving. He hadn’t heard anything of the beast, but they couldn’t stop moving.“We have to stop.”Jin Ling’s voice was ragged with exhaustion, but so was Sizhui’s reply. “We can’t.”“Lan Sizhui, listen to me,” Jin Ling hissed. “You’re injured, and it’s getting worse because of your – your stupid insistence on playing the hero. If it’s what it takes to get you to sit down and rest for a second, well, I can’t go any further.” So they rested, and had no words to say to each other. Jin Ling took a mouthful from the nearly-empty canteen and forced Sizhui to drink the rest, and fell into a light, fitful doze as Sizhui rested his ankle, wishing for the cold spring of Cloud Recesses. Even a stream, a minor tributary to the headstream of the Beihe River, would soothe the inflammation. Sizhui must have fallen asleep, too, his body overstressed by the hunt and the night without sleep, and the overwork of his qi flow as it fought to heal his injuries. He started awake, a scream stuck in his throat at the memory of the beast’s face. It was dark, and he looked around in bewilderment, searching for Jin Ling. Sizhui wildly wondered if he’d been abandoned, if Jin Ling had wandered off with his injuries.“ – Sizhui! Lan Yuan!” Jin Ling shook him with his good hand, worry writ large across his expressive features. “Snap out of it!” Sizhui tried, but he couldn’t – suddenly it wasn’t a beast that he was afraid of – it was the darkness and the silence and the sense that there was no-one at all, that he was deeply, terribly alone.Jin Ling pressed his forehead to Sizhui’s, cradling his face in his hands. “It was a dream, Sizhui, just a dream, just a bad dream. I’m here, just a dream…”Sizhui’s breathing slowed, and the first thought that fought out of the fog of panic and false remembering was, how did Jin Ling get so good at this? The second was that he was crying, and that Jin Ling had caught some of his tears with his own cheek. Ashamed, Sizhui wiped at his face and cleared his throat, fighting for a semblance of control over himself. He’d been overconfident, and he’d dragged Jin Ling into this mess, and now he was dissolving when he had to be strong. Their survival and the very future of the Lanling Jin Sect depended on his getting Jin Ling to safety. Yet that was a self-serving and convenient justification that belied the real reason he’d asked Jin Ling to lend his aid. Jin Ling was so close to him, his soft, rapid breaths fluttering on Sizhui’s lips. Despite everything, there was one naked truth that defied denial. Sizhui hadn’t asked Jin Ling to come because he’d thought Jin Ling would appreciate the opportunity. Sizhui had selfishly wanted to have Jin Ling by his side once more, one last time before everything changed and he became untouchable, unreachable as Sect Leader Jin. To be completely honest, he didn’t care what happened to the Lanling Jin Sect. He only wanted Jin Ling to be safe because he cared about him, more than he ought. “Sizhui, snap out of it,” Jin Ling said, shaking him a little. Sizhui jerked and looked into Jin Ling’s eyes, heart beating a little faster at the depth of concern he saw there. “Are you alright?” His words were brusque, and he looked away as soon as Sizhui met his eyes, but Sizhui had seen what he’d seen. For a moment, he hoped beyond hope, but shook himself and, as requested, snapped out of it.“I’m alright,” Sizhui replied. He repeated, again more for himself than anything, “I’m alright. How long have we been here?”Jin Ling shook his head, peering up the hill into the dark. Mercifully, he didn’t mention Sizhui’s dream, his distress. “I don’t know.”Sizhui braced himself and creaked into a standing position. His bad leg throbbed and threatened to collapse until Sizhui shifted most of his weight. Jin Ling handed him the walking stick, mulishly refusing to look at Sizhui as he did. Sizhui sighed. Once he was in this sort of mood, no kind of persuasion could make Jin Ling budge. “Let’s get moving.”“Downhill for the river?” Jin Ling asked. “It’s not like our sects could find us in this forest, without the flare.”“I’m not sure we could have used the flare if we had it,” Sizhui said, testing the walking stick again. His instincts screamed for him to run, but Sizhui’s leg was bad enough to prevent him from doing so.“What do you mean?” Jin Ling asked, hobbling along with him.Sizhui’s guess that the beast only hunted at night had been conjecture based on a general understanding of the tendencies of yao. Apart from that, they had precious little to go on – it was a beast, living and non-human, that consumed human flesh, but he had no idea from where or why it had appeared, how keen its senses or how fleet of foot it was. “A sudden burst of light might attract the beast’s attention. With how little we know of what it is, I would avoid unnecessarily risking detection. We can’t run, so we must do our best to hide.” He glanced at Jin Ling, more out of force of habit than anything. Jin Ling looked uneasy, but in the way that a child caught with his hand in a jar of sweets might – or else a disciple who hadn’t properly learnt a topic and was called upon to answer on it in front of the class.“What is it?”Jin Ling gave him a guilty look and pretended not to hear.Sizhui smiled. Jin Ling must have seen, too, because his shoulders rose and he kicked at the ground a little bit. The uneasy aura now positively radiated from him. “Jin Ling.”“Alright, alright,” the younger grumbled. “That’s not just any yao. I think it’s a taotie.”“… You were going to mention this.”Jin Ling blushed enough for Sizhui to see it through the darkness. “So I didn’t study this lesson as much as I should have! Be grateful I even remembered what it’s called!” Sizhui waited as patiently as he could in the circumstances, but Jin Ling didn’t have that keen a sense for suspense, anyway, so he wasn’t waiting long.“It’s not a well-known type of beast, or a frequently-encountered one, as far as I remember. It’s supposed to be one of the Four Perils, akin to the qiongqi, but since no one has been able to kill one and document their findings, it’s hard to tell what information we do have of it is rumour and what is fact. My sect has encountered what we think was a taotie once, in my grandfather’s generation, during a mission in the far west. It attacks people, usually lone travellers, and eats their flesh. It’s called the glutton in some other cultivational texts.” Jin Ling shrugged with his uninjured shoulder. “I think I heard that it’s like a tiger? It gorges itself, and then it gets sluggish and slow for a time as it digests its meal. I’m not sure if that’s true or not. Also, the more it eats, the hungrier it gets. But again…” Sizhui turned over the information in his mind. No matter how he looked at it, Jin Ling’s information seemed unreliable, but judging by the information they’d collected in the village about the spans between the disappearances, it did seem that the beast spaced out its kills. Far more people had gone into the forest in that month or more than had been killed. If he could remember the spans of days… The waxing crescent moon was rising in the sky, and Sizhui’s pace had slowed in his contemplation.“Do you think it’ll keep hunting us?” he asked.Jin Ling’s expression darkened. “I don’t know. Maybe. We’re the only people in the forest for li.”Sizhui sighed. “Let’s try and find the river. We fell a long way. It can’t be more than a night’s walk... Are you going to be alright, Jin Ling?”Jin Ling was silent, face turned away from Sizhui. Sizhui wanted to reach out to him, but something stopped him, and Jin Ling was as inexplicably far and unreachable as had had been close to Sizhui only a moment before. They walked until the moon was high overhead, slivers of light falling like silver pine needles through the canopy of the trees. The air held a note of cold, rounded by a slightly rising humidity and the faint scent of decomposing leaf litter. The longer they walked, the more his ankle wavered, the tighter his throat felt with thirst. Sizhui pushed the physical discomfort aside, focusing on their objective and Jin Ling’s back, slightly hunched by the way his sling was tied. Small animals rustled through the underbrush and amongst the branches, a reassuring chorus that signalled that no predators were nearby.“That’s good,” he murmured to himself. He could almost pretend that they were out for a pleasurable stroll, enjoying the crisp early autumn. Behind them, to the left, a sharp cracking noise. The forest sounds paused, and in a flurry of movement and rustling, disappeared altogether.“Stop,” Sizhui said quietly, holding up a hand. Jin Ling stilled and turned, very slowly, to look at Sizhui. “Something’s coming.”Sizhui’s eyes had adjusted to the dark, but they were only human eyes in the first place. Jin Ling, too, squinted in the same direction, but they heard the growl before they saw the beast.“Tiger,” Jin Ling whispered. Urgently, he started to pull at the knot on his sling. “My bow, quickly!” Sizhui froze. What if Jin Ling was wrong? What if it was the taotie, and Jin Ling’s shots were thrown off by his bad arm? He had to protect Jin Ling, but his body refused to obey his frantic desires for it to do something, anything. The uncontrollable panic of his dream came surging back full force. What if he lost Jin Ling now? The shred of composure he’d regained was but a fig leaf, now blown away, for the stress and fear and the crushing responsibility and his desperate need to see Jin Ling safe.“Hurry, Sizhui! My bow, now!” Jin Ling hissed.The tiger stalked out from the darkness, its face a mask of shadows and light. Jin Ling was still calling his name, but he felt stiff with indecision. The tiger stared at him as if recognising in him the fears that made him prey. Its lips drew back over fierce, dagger-like canines.“Hey! Hey, ugly! Look over here!” The tiger growled again, from deep in its chest. Jin Ling wrestled himself free of his sling, backing away as the tiger turned to face him, ears pressed back and growling, louder. The noise broke Sizhui’s trance, and he slipped his hand under the strap of the quiver, the wood of the bow. Jin Ling spread his arms, backing away, eyes locked with the tiger’s, burning as bright a firelight gold in his determination. The tiger advanced, massive paws soundless. Something in Sizhui snapped like a tight-strung wire. His focus narrowed to a single point – he had to distract the tiger from Jin Ling. In a second, he divested himself of Jin Ling’s weapons. In another, he’d kicked out the bottom of his walking stick, rapping the tiger neatly across the jaw. The tiger roared, flailing to one side, unbalanced by the force of Sizhui’s blow, as he threw the bow and quiver to Jin Ling.“Sizhui!” The tiger leapt. Its weight threw Sizhui back, but by some luck he’d angled the walking stick between his body and the tiger’s snapping mouth. Sizhui forced the stick into the tiger’s mouth, jamming it all the way back against the tiger’s teeth and tongue as it pummelled at Sizhui with its forepaws. Sizhui cried out as the tiger’s claws raked two bright lines of fire along his right shoulder and forearm. Leaf-litter rained into his eyes with the tiger’s furious thrashing as it fought Sizhui for control. Surging forward, the impacts of its paws were dull thunderclaps around Sizhui’s head; the hot breath and crushing weight were overwhelming. One of the tiger’s back claws nicked the skin of Sizhui’s bad leg; he instinctively curled them up under the tiger’s belly. Sizhui pushed with all his strength, struggling to keep the tiger’s fearsome teeth away from his throat, kicking out as hard as he could with his good leg. The stick fractured in his hands, and the tiger lunged forward. Sizhui rolled to one side, blinding stabbing one of the broken ends at the tiger’s face, the other hand pushing, scratching, tearing at the tiger’s sensitive nose. He could smell the meat and decay and animal musk, and this is how he would die. The tiger roared suddenly, a purely uncontrolled tenor. From behind its ear sprouted the shaft of an arrow, the fletching distinctively mottled. A sharp twang and a heavy thok – another arrow impacting close to the first. The tiger screamed out in pain, raking Sizhui again; Sizhui yelled and with his good leg tucked up and the two broken ends of the stick, shoved the tiger’s head to the side, where Jin Ling could get a shot. Another shot – the arrow glanced off bone – another shot, and the tiger jerked to a terminal stillness, the shaft issuing from a ruined eye. The tiger’s other eye rolled, fixing on Sizhui for a final moment, before all the life drained from its body and it collapsed. All the breath was knocked out of Sizhui as the creature slumped over him, its head landing heavily on his shoulder. Here and there he felt the twitch of a muscle. Sizhui tensed, afraid to move lest it bring the tiger back to life.“Sizhui!” Jin Ling called, scrambling closer through the leaf litter. Sizhui couldn’t see him, only the tiger’s face and its lolling jaw.“I’m under here,” Sizhui replied, though saying so was redundant. Where else would he be? He meant that he was still alive, but that was too plain away of presenting the truth. “Can you help me get out?”Jin Ling loomed over the tiger’s head to look down at Sizhui, unconsciously clutching at his bad shoulder with bow in hand. His face was white with pain. “I have to, don’t I?” he scoffed. “I’ll try. I don’t know.”Bit by bit they shifted the tiger’s head, and then its left paw over Sizhui’s shoulders so that he could kick and wriggle his way out from under its inert body. The adrenaline of the fight had drained from Sizhui’s body by then, leaving him painfully aware of the new wounds the carried. He pushed the sensations aside, as best as he was able, but the tolls and stresses were adding up. “Look at you, jumping in and being such a big damn hero,” Jin Ling murmured, his face hovering close to Sizhui’s. The vermillion mark punctuated the furrowing of his brows. “You got hurt. Let me see.”Sizhui sat, gently shouldering Jin Ling aside. “It’s fine. It’s not bad.”That was a lie, but the look on Jin Ling’s face told of an impending explosion, and as much as he – he couldn’t deal with it now. His entire body ached but at least he was alive to feel it. Jin Ling huffed and turned to the tiger’s head, setting down his bow. He unsheathed his small dagger, using it to cut the arrows free, wiping the arrowheads on his robe and gathering the bundle in his good hand. That gave Sizhui time to free himself fully, glance at the new livid stains on his robe, and pretend nothing was wrong with the world, like Jin Ling’s silence, which seemed to vibrate with everything he truly wanted to say. Jin Ling collected his quiver, slinging it over his shoulder with his bow. Sizhui joined him down the slope, trying to disguise the stiffness of his movements. Now Jin Ling really lost his patience and limped towards Sizhui with some determination. He shoved himself under Sizhui’s arm, taking Sizhui’s weight. The angles of Jin Ling’s quiver dug into Sizhui’s hip, the upper limb of his bow knocked the back of his head.“You’re such a bad liar,” Jin Ling grumbled, and despite himself Sizhui relaxed a little into his warmth. “You don’t have to take care of me all the time, you know. Wrestling a tiger, hmph, as if regular night-hunt creatures aren’t good enough.”Sizhui hummed, unable to explain his sense of responsibility. He glanced back at the body of the tiger, the slow dark ooze trailing down the side of its head. It was a sad thing, he thought, that they had had to kill it. “You know it would have killed you,” Jin Ling said, sensing the turn of Sizhui’s thoughts.“It was probably defending its territory,” Sizhui replied. “I mean… It wouldn’t have hurt us if we hadn’t been where we were.”Jin Ling sighed. “I guess.” Their earlier snail’s pace slowed to a glacial crawl as Jin Ling and Sizhui learnt the rhythm of each other’s steps, the distribution of weight between them so that neither was overwhelmed. The terrain became rockier and more unpredictable as they progressed, until Jin Ling stumbled upon a narrow but well-trodden deer track that was easier going in the pearly pre-dawn light. Sizhui thought he’d get used to the feeling of Jin Ling pressed against him from shoulder to hip, on his right, but the wound on his shoulder marked every bump and jostle. No, that was another justification that elided the truth that he’d never been this close to Jin Ling for so long. Everywhere they touched, a blossom of fire seemed to shoot off sparks that tingled against Sizhui’s skin. Dawn touched the river valley with a mellow glow, the sun’s light a nascent bloom over the mountaintops. It was this light that Sizhui and Jin Ling stumbled into when the forest thinned and fell away, leading out onto the pebbled shores of a broad river. Jin Ling thanked heaven and tugged Sizhui with him towards the river’s shore, where wavelets lapped over the smooth rocks. Sizhui half-sat, half-fell, with Jin Ling when they reached it. The presence of water reignited his need to sate the half-forgotten thirst clawing at his throat. Then Sizhui thrust his aching foot, boot and all, into the water and lay back. Beside him, Jin Ling had his face in the water, emerging with a gasp and flicking sprays of water from his hair.“It’s so cold,” he said, a note of wonder in his voice.“It is,” Sizhui agreed. He was only glad that he couldn’t feel his foot anymore. He wanted to fall asleep right on this bank, with a stone poking into his shoulder blade. It was too exposed, he knew, but Sizhui was so tired. Ah, it really was cold. The tail of his robe had fallen into the water, and moisture had begun to creep up its folds. Sizhui forced himself to sit when his eyelids became heavy. If he didn’t move, he wouldn’t move.“Are you good?” Jin Ling asked him.He’d swept his wet bangs back, tucking the long strands behind his ears. His face looked more open that way. Sizhui smiled at him, appreciating the fine angles of Jin Ling’s brow and the way the vermillion mark had run down one side of his nose. Jin Ling blinked at him and scooted back a little, the tops of his cheekbones suddenly dusted pink. The younger boy couldn’t look at Sizhui and instead got to his feet with a few false starts, scanning around them for any signs of movement. They were alone, mercifully, but they were alone and far from other people. Jin Ling helped him get up too, and they leaned on one another again – this time a little colder for the water and the mountain air. They stuck to the tree-line, where the soft forest ground resumed. It was less exposed, though Sizhui couldn’t think of who might be looking for them from the air that might want to hurt them. The last few days begged the question of who or what wouldn’t hurt them, but that was no way to think. At around mid-morning, they stopped again to drink, to assuage the gnawing pangs of two days without food as well as their thirst. Sizhui’s boot squelched as he walked, but the moisture and the circulation of the air helped a bit with keeping his ankle cool. Early in the afternoon, Sizhui spotted the cave, across a ford in the river where the water reached shallow and wide. It was broad and low, with tumbled stones piled partway across the entrance. As a shelter, it would be the perfect place to bed down for a few hours and conserve their energy as Jin Ling and Sizhui waited for their sects, or the beast. Sizhui said as much to Jin Ling, who eyed the ford with apprehension. It was like luring a cat into a bath – to overcome the natural repulsion to water, the incentive needed to be truly worthwhile.“Come on,” Sizhui coaxed, “that cave will be a good spot to rest. We could build a fire.”Jin Ling glared but sighed a concession. Together, they tripped and tumbled across the ford, even slower now that the knee-deep water and unpredictable currents provided resistance. Jin Ling stumbled over an unseen rock and brought Sizhui down with him, soaking them both from the waist down. The emerged on the river other bank shaking from the icy water, chilled to the bones. Jin Ling and Sizhui agreed that at least they could no longer feel their wounds, and that they were surely clean. Dragging Jin Ling’s weight, his own weight, into the cave seemed a titanic effort to Sizhui. His body seemed to supply energy in frantic bursts, with long periods of leaden sluggishness in between. There was a level patch of ground some bu inside the cave mouth, close enough to the rocks that they would still be hidden from the outside. Sizhui’s legs didn’t give out, precisely, but neither did he completely intend to sit with such suddenness or rapidity that Jin Ling came down too, half-draped across Sizhui’s thighs. Maybe it was pure exhaustion that stopped his body from reacting, or maybe his instinct towards Jin Ling was to freeze. It had happened enough in the last days.“Jin Ling? Are you okay?” Belatedly, Sizhui registered the Jin Ling hadn’t put his injured arm back in its sling. He wondered at the damage as Jin Ling pushed himself upright. The other boy wavered and slumped sideways into Sizhui’s chest. “Jin Ling?”“Shh,” Jin Ling said, carelessly smacking the back of his hand against Sizhui’s shoulder. Sizhui winced, and Jin Ling let his hand fall. “Sorry. Just… I’m tired.”“Me too.”“And I’m cold.”“So am I.”“Can we stay for a bit?”Sizhui hummed and allowed Jin Ling to manipulate him until they were both lying down on their uninjured sides. With Jin Ling’s back pressed against his front, Sizhui’s shredded nerves were lulled into some sense of safety, and that was all that was needed for him to crash into unconsciousness. He jerked awake in pitch darkness. Jin Ling was still pressed as close to him as could be. Yet something felt wrong to Sizhui. A moment later a thunderous roar broke the night’s silence, but far away. The beast? Sizhui strained to hear, wondering if it had picked up their scent, until his exhaustion dragged him under. Jin Ling’s whispering in his sleep roused Sizhui before dawn. The younger boy lay on his back, and Sizhui’s arm had fallen protectively across his body.“Mm,” Jin Ling murmured, “what do you think? Of course, not… don’t be silly… the one from Xuan Zheng year nine… bring me…”Sizhui restrained his chuckles. Formally, Jin Ling had been ‘receiving guidance’ for the past few years from the elders of his sect, giving the semblance that he wasn’t running things until he grew in age and experience. Yet Sizhui knew that he’d been responsible for more than he said he was. He really sounded like a proper sect leader, even dreaming about paperwork. Jin Ling’s brow scrunched as Sizhui watched him, wanting to smooth away every sign and cause of his distress. He was filled with a terrible fondness, a warmth that had rooted itself in his soul. This boy, in the circle of his arm, was like a flame – intense, capricious, as likely to burn one’s fingers as to provide comfort against the cold, but warm and beautiful still. For a moment, he could pretend that Jin Ling was his alone to protect. Yet his light was too much for one person; it should never be hidden or extinguished or kept from shining freely. Jin Ling sniffed and turned. Sizhui watched him a little longer, until other concerns became too urgent to ignore. He went to the river to bathe. With some of the fog clouding his exhausted mind gone, Sizhui could no longer stand the feeling of being dirty, as odd as it was. He peeled off his outer robe, setting it on the rocks. Then, he slowly worked off his boots. His left ankle had swelled something awful, and it took several careful minutes to negotiate his foot out of his boot. The feeling of the river rock under his feet was strangely pleasant. Then his tunic and undershirt, which ripped at the skin of his back as he removed it; the trousers; his hairpin; and finally, his forehead ribbon, carefully folded and tucked inside the pile of clothes. Both undergarments could do with a good wash, so he took them with him as he waded into the river, shivering as the water rushed up his body. Sizhui plunged beneath the surface. There was a kind of embryonic calm to being underwater, where all sound was muffled, and all sensation swept aside by the cold. Sizhui stayed under for as long as he could stand. He surfaced with a muffled shout, gulping the pure air, feeling a different kind of alive than the wounds and strains and injuries had forced him to feel. He was covered in bruises, all down his shoulders and neck, curling around his ribs and across the jut of one hipbone. Some were dark mottled purple, others livid red. Sizhui touched his ribs experimentally. They remained tender, but only on sharp contact. He could live with that. The gouges inflicted by the tiger were worse. Compared to what he’d seen of the devastation a determined animal could wreak on human flesh, Sizhui had barely been scratched. The tiger’s claws hadn’t really hooked into his flesh. They had only drawn across the surface, and though the edges of the skin gaped apart, the wound had stopped oozing blood. He checked carefully, but the pain from the tiger’s claws was sharp and fresh, without the tight heat of infection. He scooped several handfuls of water over his shoulder. He couldn’t do any more to keep it clean. A commotion at the cave mouth interrupted Sizhui’s reflections. He whirled, alarmed. Jin Ling had run half-way down to the water, dishevelled and hair askew.“Sizhui!” Jin Ling shouted, eyes wild, radiating distress. Sizhui’s breath froze in his chest, colder than the water around him.“Jin Ling!” Jin Ling’s expression transformed when he saw Sizhui in the river, the wide-eyed pale-faced panic crumpling into something of a devastated relief. Jin Ling wavered on his feet, as if he were about to collapse. Sizhui reached out to him, but Jin Ling was already staggering towards him, another, different and strange look on his face. His stare pinned Sizhui in in place. It was as if he could not take another step, so intense was Jin Ling’s focus. He came on through the water, ignoring how it lapped at his boots, soaked his trousers, climbed and submerged him, until he was right behind Sizhui. With one badly shaking hand, he touched Sizhui’s back, tracing two warm fingertips down from the juncture of his neck to the place where his shoulder blade ended, at the perimeter of the guqin wound. Sizhui sucked in a breath, abruptly realising his vulnerability. He’d never exposed himself like this in front of Jin Ling, and he dreaded what the other must think. There was no reason. He wasn’t ashamed of his injuries, or how his body looked – only he cared, perhaps too much, what Jin Ling thought of him. Sizhui turned away. Jin Ling’s fingers continued to rest on his back until they were joined by his palm, then the fingers and palm of the other hand. A hesitation, then he laid his cheek against the back of Sizhui’s neck. Sizhui bit his lip, struggling to remain still. Jin Ling’s hands’ pressure disappeared, only for his arms to wind around Sizhui’s waist. It was as if Jin Ling wanted to melt into his skin, to become a seamless unity with Sizhui. Only the fabric of Jin Ling’s robes separated them. He could feel Jin Ling’s heart hammering against his back, matching the frantic pace of his own. “You were gone,” Jin Ling whispered. “I thought something had happened, maybe the beast had come, and I didn’t wake up to stop you going off and being stupid, so you lured it away by yourself or something, except all my weapons were still with me, so I though, what if Sizhui’s dead? And I realised I can’t – I can’t do this without you, I wouldn’t – not… how could I keep going?” He was tripping over his words by the end of the speech, shivering with the force of them.Sizhui’s voice was remarkably calm even to his ears. “You would have kept going because you had to. You’re the best archer I know, and the bravest person. You would have followed the river and kept going and fought off the beast because those villagers are depending on us to protect them, and because Lanling Jin depends on you for their future. It wouldn’t matter if I were killed. If anyone could make it, it’d be you.” Jin Ling’s arms tightened around his waist. Tentatively, Sizhui covered Jin Ling’s hand with his own, working his fingers along the valleys between his knuckles until their fingers slotted together. His throat was tight with the magnitude of his faith, the indescribable belief that Jin Ling would be alright – that he had to be alright, because he was too precious and irreplaceable not to be. If Sizhui had to build Jin Ling’s belief in himself to make that true, he would, even as he snatched this inexplicable moment of closeness for himself. Even if their chances weren’t good, he had to pretend they were. Giving up hope would kill them.“I hate it,” Jin Ling mumbled. He gripped Sizhui’s fingers with a fevered desperation. “Don’t say that it doesn’t matter if you’re killed. Do you want to die?” Sizhui flinched. “I don’t – “Jin Ling wasn’t done. “Were you listening? I said I can’t do this without you. Of course it matters, it matters if you…”“Jin Ling…”“It’s you, okay?” Jin Ling’s voice was small and miserable. “It’s not the taotie, or that we’re alone or the weapons or this whole insane situation – I just thought, what if there was no Lan Yuan in this world, and I couldn’t – stand it. What would I do, knowing that you’d never be at my side again? I can’t even think of it. I don’t know.”“Are you…?” Jin Ling nodded against his back, whispered it into his skin, and it frightened Sizhui, because it was full of a ripe aching sweetness and the knowledge that he could break Jin Ling, even without intending to. Sizhui could not protect Jin Ling from himself. “Jin Ling, you can’t. Not like this, you can’t pin your life on one insignificant person when so many are relying on you – ““Who says I can’t?! Not everything is about everyone else! Everyone knows I’m spoilt, I’m the Little Mistress of Lanling Jin and I can have whatever I want but everything in my life has been about everyone else. Ever since the day I lost my parents – I cultivated to honour their memory, I night-hunted and sweated and fought because I didn’t want to let them or my uncle or my sect down, because it was my duty and mine alone, and now I’m the Sect Leader do you think it’s going to be any different? Can’t I just have one thing for myself?” Jin Ling jerked Sizhui around to face him. His golden eyes burned. “How much do you think I hate it when I see you giving and giving all the freedom I wanted because you think that duty demands it? When you get that look on your face that says you’re going to sacrifice a little more because you feel that you don’t deserve to keep for yourself what can help others? Even if they can help themselves?” He sagged, resting his forehead against Sizhui’s collarbone, breathing harshly into Sizhui’s stricken silence. “At what point do we stop and say it’s enough? Please, I just – I want you, and I want you to be happy. I want those two to be one and the same. I don’t hate it, I admire you, I love you for it, but I want to protect you as you’ve protected me. I want what I share with you to be something that’s only between us. Is that so much?”Staring at his own broken reflection in the ripples on the lake, Sizhui wondered if he could let go of duty and obligation for this moment. Sizhui was never good at lying, even to himself. He was, in truth, afraid. He was afraid that Jin Ling would change his mind, that he would hurt Jin Ling, that (absurdly and unreasonably) Jin Ling didn’t return his feelings. But he did. This was a good thing in front of him, but good things rarely lasted. Jin Ling cupped Sizhui’s cheek, fixing him again with that molten gaze. His mouth trembled as he stared defiantly into Sizhui’s eyes. “Please, Lan Yuan. I won’t have anyone else, now that I know you.” Jin Ling laughed, a watery sound that tugged at Sizhui’s heart. “I want, I want, I want. I’m sorry. I didn’t even ask if you feel the same.” He did feel the same. He’d never wanted anything more than to be Jin Ling’s, and for Jin Ling to be his. He tugged Jin Ling closer and kissed him, carefully. At first it was a soft press of his lips to Jin Ling’s, as sweet as nectar, a fragile, hesitant thing. Jin Ling’s lips were warm and yielding. Then he closed in, his lips and body moulding to Sizhui’s. With a soft noise, Jin Ling looped his arms around Sizhui’s neck, tangling in his unbound hair. When Sizhui broke the kiss, he touched his forehead to Jin Ling’s. The younger boy’s expression was coloured by disbelief and half-unrealised joy.“I do,” Sizhui said, “I feel the same. I love you, Jin Ling.” He kissed Jin Ling’s forehead, the tip of his nose, the corner of his mouth. “More than anything.”He didn’t get a chance to continue, because Jin Ling was kissing him, messy and urgent. It was like striking a spark to dry tinder. Jin Ling’s passion was catching, when he moaned into Sizhui’s mouth, traced at Sizhui’s lips and teeth with his tongue. Sizhui couldn’t resist him. Jin Ling’s body seemed made for him to hold; his arm settled naturally in the curve of Jin Ling’s waist and around his back, crushing him to Sizhui. They kissed until they couldn’t breathe, finding different and new ways of touching each other’s bodies. The dawn light bathed Jin Ling’s face in a rare radiance when they separated for air.“What are you staring at?” Jin Ling asked, a hint of the habitual heat in his tone.His reddened lips and flushed cheeks enthralled Sizhui, partly because they softened the sharp edges of his beauty, partly because Sizhui knew that he’d been their cause. With an affectionate smile, he chucked Jin Ling under the chin and kissed his cheek.“You,” Sizhui replied, which had the delightful effect of making Jin Ling blush to the tips of his ears. “You’re so – captivating.”That had the even more agreeable effect of making Jin Ling drag him in for another kiss, just to make him shut up. Their kisses turned open-mouthed, and despite the cold, a deep warmth spread all through Sizhui’s chest. The warmth turned into a heat at the base of his spine and the pit of his stomach, matched by Jin Ling’s hardness against his thigh. Sizhui registered its presence and felt an answering jolt in his own manhood. With a sharp sound against Sizhui’s mouth, Jin Ling hitched one leg around Sizhui’s hip, no longer content with their earlier closeness. It was more, different, than anything Sizhui had ever felt – having the solidity of Jin Ling’s body there, and rubbing against him insistently, reminded him that this was all real. As they separated, chests heaving once more, Jin Ling took hold of Sizhui’s hand and tugged him towards the shore. Sizhui followed Jin Ling in a rapture, to a flat bed of rock near the place where he’d laid out his robes. Jin Ling kissed him again, and guided Sizhui’s hands under the sodden fabric of his tunic.Sizhui paused and met Jin Ling’s eyes. “Are you sure?”Jin Ling have a single, decisive nod. “More than anything.”Then he looked at Sizhui, once, fully. His intent expression took Sizhui’s breath away and made heat rush to his cheeks, his ears and the base of his spine. Jin Ling’s warmth, his lips; Sizhui laid Jin Ling down on the rock, fumbling at his belt-buckle and waist wrap. Jin Ling pushed his hands away, whispering against his mouth to forget them; he pushed aside the front part of his tunic, tugging at the ties of his trousers instead. Sizhui gasped as Jin Ling nipped at the lobe of his ear and laved at the sensitive skin at the angle of his jaw. Sizhui nearly collapsed atop Jin Ling when Jin Ling began to suck a mark into his neck.“Jin Ling,” he wheezed, “please.”Jin Ling ignored him, moving to Sizhui’s pulse point, placing the seal of his possession on Sizhui’s skin. Sizhui redoubled his efforts to get Jin Ling’s trousers undone instead, brushing against Jin Ling’s hardness with his wrist as he exposed the younger boy. Jin Ling jerked, giving a little surprised cry. His whole face twisted as Sizhui encircled him and traced his length out to the very tip.“Lan Yuan,” Jin Ling groaned, nudging at Sizhui’s wrist so that he stroked Jin Ling again, this time downward. “Ah, again.”The sight of Jin Ling, his open-mouthed, breathless noises, made Sizhui’s arousal throb painfully. But there was so much pleasure in caring for Jin Ling. The way his eyebrows would furrow and relax; the toss of his head; the way his flush extended down his neck, which begged Sizhui’s attentions. He pressed a kiss under Jin Ling’s ear as he stroked him, surer, with a more settled rhythm. The silky feeling of the skin around the head, the delicate ridges, were fascinating details, to be noted, revelled in, consumed, stored for later remembering. Jin Ling squirmed helplessly as Sizhui thumbed his slit, mewling and tossing his head. He was the same, Sizhui thought, as he ever was – through his lips passed a litany of complaints, pleas, orders, Sizhui’s name. His name – he’d never heard his name like that. He’d had no idea his name could be said in so many ways. All of them he felt in the centre of his chest, with a quiver like the surface of water rippling. Jin Ling dug his fingertips into Sizhui’s shoulders as Sizhui twisted his grip, smoothing the clear liquid drooling from the tip down to the root.“Yes, yes, more,” he groaned, grabbing at Sizhui’s hips and pulling him down.Sizhui moaned when his arousal slotted against Jin Ling’s; he muffled a scream when Jin Ling rolled his hips. The feeling of his own hand on his flesh, Jin Ling’s heat and the planes of his belly, coalesced into a tight heaviness beneath his lower dantian. Jin Ling was everywhere, everything. His skin was salty on Sizhui’s lips. His hands kneaded at Sizhui’s backside, slid between their bodies to stroke their cocks together as Sizhui thrust to meet Jin Ling’s rhythm. His mouth, oh. It was perfect, tracing a stinging path across Sizhui’s collarbones. The arm that Sizhui was supporting himself on wobbled when one of Jin Ling’s thumb, wet with something other than the river water, circled his nipple. “Jin Ling,” Sizhui breathed, tucking his face into the crook of the other’s neck, “Jin Ling, A-Ling, Rulan.”Jin Ling whimpered as Sizhui’s hips sped. The friction was too much but not enough, and Sizhui chased it, chased Jin Ling though he was right there. “Lan Yuan, Sizhui, mine, my love…”He choked back a sob, kissing Sizhui again, swallowing Sizhui’s noises. Sizhui wanted to tell Jin Ling he was close, but his mouth was occupied. There was a tight knot in Sizhui’s chest that held him together, but he felt it fraying as the edges of his awareness grew more indistinct. Through the haze of heat and pleasure, Sizhui had begun to lose track of where he ended, and Jin Ling began. It was a blissful way of being; he could think of nothing he loved better than this, with the boy he loved best splayed under him. The blazing rasp of Jin Ling’s flesh was intolerable and the only thing he existed for, and then Sizhui was gone. It was as if Sizhui’s being had been torn up and scattered like a thousand stars in the night sky. Jin Ling bit off his birth name once, and stilled abruptly, spilling all over Sizhui’s cock and his stomach, intermingling their fluids. Sizhui lost the battle against gravity, draping himself bonelessly over Jin Ling. Catching his breath, he studied Jin Ling’s face. The younger had closed his eyes, mouth slightly parted. Jin Ling’s repose was at odds with his perpetual irritation, and Sizhui soaked up as much of it as he could.“Lan Yuan,” Jin Ling murmured in his ear, fitting one hand around Sizhui’s waist, “I…”Sizhui hummed in inquiry.The younger boy seemed embarrassed. “I… you… that is, um – thank… you? For, uh – I don’t know what I’m supposed to say, after. Am I supposed to thank you? This is the first time, um…”That Jin Ling had trusted him with his first made a thick feeling rise in Sizhui’s throat. He took Jin Ling’s hand and looked at him with a serious expression.“Jin Ling,” Sizhui said, “I love you.”Jin Ling fell silent, and Sizhui pecked his slightly parted lips. Jin Ling buried his face in Sizhui’s hair and held him tighter.“I love you too, so much.”They held to each other, for a time, as if the only thing keeping them afloat was the presence of the other. Sizhui had never had a thought of relying on someone else for his very existence – and perhaps he wouldn’t have such thoughts but for the situation he and Jin Ling were in. They were quite literally relying on each other to survive, and Sizhui would have no one else at his side. It was strange and wondrous and bittersweet, that there could be such an important person in the world he existed in. “Sizhui, do you think we’ll make it?”A cold knot formed beneath Sizhui’s breastbone at Jin Ling’s question. He had to make it – they had to, now that they had this, whatever it was.“We will,” he murmured. “We have to.”“But what if we don’t?”Sizhui frowned, levering onto his forearms to stare down at Jin Ling. To his surprise, the younger boy was trying not to laugh. Jin Ling’s eyes gave him away, curving into smiling crescents. Sizhui cocked his head, confused.“Come here,” Jin Ling said, and pulled him in again. They had each other again, and again, now with Jin Ling fucking between Sizhui’s thighs, now with Sizhui taking Jin Ling in his mouth, but mostly as they had the first time, concentrating on the sensations of being close to one another. Sizhui marvelled at all the ways Jin Ling was, and made him feel, and defied his expectations. He was coy, confident, but embarrassed over the strangest things, like the noise he made when Sizhui scraped over his belly button with his teeth. With the firmament as their witness, they explored all the permutations of love, the endless ways they could fit together and recombine. Later, with limbs weighed by a sated exhaustion, they dozed in the cave. All of Jin Ling’s clothes were laid out to dry on the inside faces of the boulders blocking the entrance. Jin Ling, wrapped in Sizhui’s outer robe, lay in the elder’s arms, his back to Sizhui’s chest. In between dozes, they held hands, laid kisses on bared shoulders. There was an urgency, Sizhui thought, to this languor, this unhurried condition of simply being with Jin Ling, absorbing the fine details that he’d never had the opportunity to before. If he didn’t lie with Jin Ling in his arms now, he might be dead before he could get another chance. The beast was at the back of his mind, distant in the face of the overwhelming affection he felt for Jin Ling. But it remained there, all the same. “Since when…?” Sizhui ventured.Jin Ling sighed, settling back and pillowing his head on Sizhui’s arm. “I knew from the siege on the Demon-Slaughtering Cave.”“The siege?”“When Su She broke the shield array, and those fierce corpses came rushing in, you jumped into the thick of it,” Jin Ling recounted in a soft voice. “There were so many of them, but you were holding them off, cutting down two or three at a time with your sword-glare. But then one came from behind and you didn’t see, and I had to – no, that’s not it. I couldn’t stand by when there was the chance you might be killed or hurt. I couldn’t bear it.”Sizhui kissed Jin Ling’s neck, remembering. “You ignored your uncle’s orders. I don’t remember if I ever thanked you, though.”“No need. I think I blocked that fierce corpse for myself as much as for you. To be honest, I don’t know if I would have done the same for just anyone. Jingyi, yes, and Ouyang Zizhen, maybe, but someone I didn’t know? I don’t know. It’s bothered me for ages.”A hum of acknowledgement. Sizhui hadn’t an inkling that he felt that way, but he was glad all the same for Jin Ling’s intervention. “When did you know?” Jin Ling asked, pensive. His thumb traced small circles over the back of Sizhui’s hand.Sizhui thought for a moment. “When you became Sect Leader, I think.”He could almost hear Jin Ling frowning at the deeper recesses of the cave. It sounded infelicitous, Sizhui knew, so he squeezed Jin Ling’s fingers in a silent request to hear him out.“I was happy for you, you know. My first thought was that you deserved the recognition, even if the circumstances were… what they were.” There was no need to dwell on what had passed. It was enough that Jin Guangyao’s treachery had occurred at all. “I thought, A-Ling will do well with his responsibilities. He’ll turn over a new leaf for Lanling Jin Sect. “After your investiture I realised that you would be much busier as Sect Leader than you were before, and that it would be very hard to see you from then on. We wouldn’t be able to meet because you’d be busy attending discussion conferences, governing your own sect’s affairs, managing the watchtowers. And even if we did meet, we wouldn’t be able to see each other as we were.”“So that’s why you started coming to Koi Tower so frequently?”Sizhui nodded, sighing. “The first time, I came because Zewu-jun legitimately had a message that he needed to deliver to you. I volunteered to go because it seemed to be a sensitive matter, and to pay his respects to Sect Leader Jiang. But then I started finding excuses to come over, or to invite you to Gusu. I think I realised for certain when I found myself seriously considering leaving my sword at Lanling, so I’d have to go back to retrieve it.”Jin Ling snorted. “That’s ridiculous. You wouldn’t have been able to return to Gusu without it.”“I realised that too, so I switched to thinking about what reason I could possibly have to forget my guqin.”Jin Ling laughed. Sizhui hugged him tighter. The light changed in the cave. It was soft violet and powdery blue when Sizhui regained his awareness. Jin Ling had wriggled out of his arms and sat by the rocks, restringing his bow with a pinched expression.“A-Ling?”“It got wet,” he said, still frowning. He rubbed his bad shoulder briefly, rolling it in its socket. He drew the bow experimentally. “Hm. Could be better.”Lying on the ground, lined up neatly, were twelve arrows and a sheathed dagger. Sizhui sat, wincing at the tension of the skin of his back. Then he hissed at the fresh throb of his wounded shoulder. Their luck had been extraordinary thus far, but it had to catch up with them soon. Sizhui could sense it, more concrete than that instinctual animal fear of being hunted. There was no more running or hiding. The strings of his guqin were coiled in his qiankun pouch, beside Sizhui’s head. He creaked and shuffled to Jin Ling’s side and began to join them, one by one, so that he had one long string.“Sizhui?”“Yes?” “It’s coming,” Jin Ling whispered. “Tonight. Do you feel it?”“I do,” Sizhui said, glancing over his shoulder at the darkening sky. “Do you have a plan?”“No, not one.”He was still strangely glad that the Jin Ling’s presence at his side had a different import. Sizhui couldn’t think of a better way to go than fighting side by side with the one he loved, to protect each other. He could pretend all he liked to keep Jin Ling from despairing, but Sizhui knew their chances, and he sensed that Jin Ling did too. He could only fight his hardest and trust in Jin Ling.“Even we don’t make it,” Jin Ling said, “I’m glad I was here with you.”“Me too,” Sizhui replied, squeezing Jin Ling’s hand. They waited for it in the trees, Sizhui with the string and the dagger, Jin Ling with his bow. Their best chance was to get it from above, by surprise – Jin Ling would try to blind it, so that Sizhui would have a better chance of getting the string around its neck. From what Jin Ling remembered, it was as tall as two men at the shoulder, more powerful in the forequarters than the hind. In a single snap of teeth, it had savaged Jingyi. As dusk faded into night, before the rising of the moon, it came. First, they heard the fading of the forest-noises, the rustling of animals and the trilling of insects. Then, more felt than heard, a shake in the ground, the percussion of large paws on the earth. Sizhui tensed, letting a little of the string unloop from around his hand, ready to lead into an attack. Straining his ears and eyes, he waited and waited as the uneven rhythm of the beast’s steps became more audible. The moon rose a little. Sizhui’s uninjured leg cramped from taking the weight of the injured one; he risked a change of position to spare them both. Jin Ling, across the open ground leading to the cave mouth, whistled the two-note signal they’d agreed earlier, asking Sizhui if he were alright. Sizhui whistled the same in return. He began to wonder if the beast would ever finish hunting them. Across the river, the trees began to creak and sway. Sizhui hoisted himself up, dagger in reach, feeling the strength of the guqin strings, their ability to hold and amplify his spiritual power. The tree line, dimly seen across the glimmer of the river’s surface and through the leaves, bulged outward. When Sizhui had fought the beast the first time, it had kicked him into a tree and opened the head wound that had blinded him. He’d seen a river of red, dark images, and Jingyi reeling away from the fight, the shape of it. Now he saw it, loping towards the water with a curiously uneasy gait. Its head was grotesquely oversized, a powerful wedge. Wicked fangs overhung its jaw. The taotie casted in the air, turning this way and that, seeking. Sizhui’s breathing sounded too loud to his own ears. He tried to suppress it, only for it to exacerbate the tight feeling in his chest, born of a too-fast heartbeat tightly wound with fear beyond that for his own life. A glint in the trees – Jin Ling was moving. Sizhui bit his lip to keep from shouting at the younger. What was he doing? This wasn’t part of the plan! Sizhui sprang through the treetops, following Jin Ling to the edge of the river, still above the monster. Sizhui pushed spiritual power through his palms into the string in his hands, readying himself to reinforce Jin Ling’s moves.  The taotie bellowed in pain as its forepaw entered the river; it snatched the paw back, shaking it in a strangely human way. Something glinted between its toes. Sizhui narrowed his eyes – there was something lodged there. The beast put its nose to the air again, looking to the east, calling a different call now. The moonlight revealed a mask-like face, two forward-facing predator’s eyes partially shielded by an armoured plate ridged in a pattern of symmetrical whorls. The taotie grunted, and with agonizing slowness, turned to stare at Sizhui. Jin Ling’s bowstring sang out thrice. The taotie screamed and lurched aside with two arrow shafts sticking it out of its eye. A fourth arrow lodged in the thin skin around its, eye, bursting the ruined orb in earnest. The taotie shook its head wildly, clawing at the shafts with its forepaw. Those wicked claws sliced cleanly through, sending the arrowheads burying deeper into the beast’s eye, with nothing to anchor them outside.“Sizhui!” Jin Ling yelled. He popped out of the foliage, waving frantically with another arrow nocked. “Get its other eye!” The beast turned its head towards the source of the noise, back to Sizhui, again to Jin Ling, as if confused as to which of them to attack first. Its leg had to be injured with the way it hampered the taotie. Taking a breath, Sizhui sent the string flying out with his power, controlling its flow and feeling the shape of the air. The tip of the string curved around, lashing into the taotie’s other eye as it sought for Jin Ling. The string exploded through the beast’s flesh with a flash of light and an arc of dark blood into the sky, before landing in the river. Sizhui hurried to recover the string with his power and his hands – but it had fallen into the river, where the water churned with the taotie’s thrashing. The string snagged, jerking taut against Sizhui’s palms as he fought to reel it in. The string heaved Sizhui from his branch as the taotie bucked wildly. Sizhui yelled as the taotie’s movement dragged him down through the branches. He caught one, by chance, crying out as the rough bark tore at his palms. The wrenching of the string would tear him in half if he didn’t do something – he forced more spiritual power into the string, feeling its sharpness. The taotie bellowed as the string slackened, catching the slightest, but coming when Sizhui called it. He dropped onto the branch below him, landing on his stomach. The breath went out of Sizhui in one painful exhalation. He looked up, fighting to breathe and to find Jin Ling. Soaring through the air with Sizhui’s string wrapped around its hilt was a golden sword, familiar as Sizhui’s own. Sizhui caught the sword in one hand and the string in the other, slipping to land on his back on the forest floor. He bounced several times, desperately trying not to slice himself open on Suihua as Jin Ling screamed out in mingled rage and desperation. His body was one starburst of pain but Sizhui had to get up, he had to face the beast, or Jin Ling would with a bow and arrow against thick hide and thick armour. Sizhui heaved himself to his feet, stumbling towards shore. Nimbler than he, Jin Ling had waded into the water, taking shot after shot and having his arrows fly wide as the taotie interposed its armour. There were precious few left in his quiver, and he would be defenceless once they were spent.“Jin Ling! Catch!” Sizhui threw Suihua with all his strength. Jin Ling’s eyes lit with recognition, and he abandoned his bow to catch the blade. His grip was sure, and his eyes lit with a new fire of determination. He lunged, swinging Suihua overhead to slash at the taotie’s neck with its sword glare. The beast howled – it hadn’t stopped, really – swiping wildly with its forepaws as Sizhui matched Jin Ling’s attack with one of his own. The string flew as true as Jin Ling’s arrows, drilling a bloody furrow across the unarmoured side of the beast’s head, its jaw, the top of its shoulder. But the taotie did not relent, blindly searching still. Sizhui lashed out again, and fell, and got up, fighting the shaking of his over-exerted muscles and the water in his nose. The knee-deep water churned with the taotie’s movements.“Sizhui!”“Here,” Sizhui shouted, readying the string again.“Neck!” Jin Ling replied, bringing Suihua through an elaborate butterfly sweep, throwing off sword-glares like layered flower petals.They shattered in showers of sparks and blood, and rivers of if as Sizhui found his rhythm, alternating his strikes with Jin Ling. The beast twisted and wheeled, but Sizhui and Jin Ling flanked it. One could strike when the other could not, and the blinded taotie could only twist away from each attack and into the next. Blue and gold, they fought the beast, reducing it little by little with a lingchi of a thousand spiritual cuts. Then guqin string thrummed once and stilled, going dark in the bloody channel it had dug into Sizhui’s palms. Sizhui stared, reaching within for the power to enliven the string once more. Only a guttering spark was left of his reserves. He could perhaps manage one more cut. Sizhui took the dagger from his belt, reeling in the string and looping it several times around the dagger’s hilt. The taotie turned to the past of least resistance, staggering towards Sizhui, its roars now wet and distorted. A torrent of blood poured from its neck to darken the water, but it was still fearsomely powerful, knocking Sizhui onto his back with a bat of one massive paw. Sizhui screamed – water rushed into his mouth and nose, but it was the agony in his chest that made it hard to breathe. Instinct drove him up, choking and retching, and he hung onto consciousness by a thread. Sizhui’s vision darkened alarmingly as the taotie, gurgling wetly, swayed closer. Jin Ling was screaming his name – what was he doing with this dagger in his hand and the strings bunched in his bloodied fists? The front of his robe had been slashed open from shoulder to ribs, across his chest, and his skin and flesh with it, and if he looked down, he’d collapse.“No,” he rasped, staring the taotie down releasing the dagger and swinging it in a wide circle on the end of the string, ignoring the pain in his hands and the dragging, sucking feeling in his head and his eyes. “No further. I won’t let you…” The dagger darted out from the peak of its swing, trailing the string behind it, over the taotie’s head. Sizhui let it go. The dagger’s weight pulled the string taut and continued to swing down and around, wrapping around the taotie’s neck thrice before the string ran short. Sizhui heaved with all his strength and all the spiritual power remaining in his body. The strings blazed with a terrible light, cutting off the taotie’s roar.“Sizhui!”Sizhui fell to his knees, struggling to breathe. Then Jin Ling was by his side – he was in Jin Ling’s arms as the younger boy tried to gather the scraps of Sizhui’s robes and skin together – begging him to be alright, to stay with him. There was so much blood. He needed to tell Jin Ling it would be alright, all would be well, but the roaring darkness crashed over him once more. 
  Sizhui wasn’t sure what it was that woke him – the pale morning light, or the babbling of the brook outside the window, or the sweet smell of warm congee. He blinked, staring at the ceiling as his brain caught up to the rest of him. He was in his room, in Cloud Recesses, and Senior Wei was setting a tray of food down on the low table in front of the window, beyond the latticed partition. That was nice of him. He hardly knew what occasion merited such consideration from this person Sizhui respected almost as a father. Spurred by long training to observe the proper decorum, Sizhui tried to sit and thank him. His chest spasmed as soon as he moved an arm to prop himself up – Sizhui cried out as his body locked up and he crumpled back to the bed. Senior Wei startled at the sudden noise and hurried to Sizhui’s side when he saw the younger disciple had awoken. Sizhui gritted his teeth, attempting to breathe through the arresting pain that seemed to bind his whole body up in a tight knot. Senior Wei smoothed the hair from his face, murmuring reassurances and lending Sizhui his hand. It was easier with something to hold, even as his perception frayed at the edges and Senior Wei called for help. Hanguang-jun came first, opening the door with an abruptness that betrayed his concern. Then the Lan Sect’s head physician came, with his head assistant bearing his medicine bag. The physician took Sizhui’s pulse from the wrist of the hand that wasn’t crushing Senior Wei’s nearly to pieces. She came to a rapid diagnosis, instructing them to prepare a decoction for the pain. An age seemed to pass before Hanguang-jun lifted him carefully into a reclined position, and Senior Wei coaxed the warm, bitter medicine between Sizhui’s lips. He fought it, at first, until Hanguang-jun tapped the top of his head with two fingers, firmly, as he’d done when Sizhui was a child with no memory of who he was or where he came from, who had no idea how to obey the rules he was to live by. Sizhui obeyed because his body had been trained to respond to that little tap with stillness, and the medicine went down in a slow trickle. The vice that seemed to grip Sizhui’s body eased as the medicine went to work. Sizhui began to be able to think again, though recollection was slippery, at best, and he’d lost all sense of time. It was nice, being cradled in Hanguang-jun’s (Father’s, his soul whispered) arms, with Senior Wei (Papa) kissing his brow and stroking his hair with over-bright eyes. “What…?” he mumbled, licking his dry lips with a fuzzy tongue. “How…?”“Eight days,” Hanguang-jun replied, a rarely-heard hesitation in his voice, “since you killed the taotie.”Eight days – the taotie was dead – but –Senior Wei shushed him, sensing his increasing tension. “Rest first, Sizhui. You’re still weak.”“But A-Ling – ““He is safe with his own sect,” Hanguang-jun said.He sagged a little more, going boneless in the Second Jade’s embrace. Senior Wei poured a cup of water from the pitcher by the bed, lifting it to Sizhui’s lips. He drank a little, enough to smooth the ragged edges. The medicine made his eyelids heavy, again, so heavy, and there was scarcely strength enough in his limbs to twist his fingers through Senior Wei’s to reassure the older man. Sizhui drifted in and out of consciousness for days after, with bad dreams of falling, fire eyes and blood rain. A fever he didn’t remember having in the first place may have returned, but Sizhui wasn’t sure. As much as he slept, Sizhui got no relief from the shadow of the pain. It ebbed and flowed between doses of pain-relieving herbs, worsening when he moved in his dreams, reaching out for something he couldn’t touch. At length, he began to sleep deeply, and dreamed of nothing. Twilight painted the ceiling in soft blue when he blinked awake again. This time Sizhui had the wisdom not to move without figuring if his body would let him. He hurt still, but it was a dull constant he could breathe past.“Oh, you’re awake.” Jingyi was by his bedside, lighting a lamp against the darkness. Sizhui noticed that he used his left hand. The right, his sword arm, was hidden by his body, his sleeve, his shadow.“Your arm,” Sizhui croaked.Jingyi blinked at him. His gaze darted to his left hand, then down to his right, and back to Sizhui’s face. A small smile was there. It lent an unaccustomed softness to Jingyi’s features. “My sword hand?” He turned to display it, lifting his sleeve to show Sizhui. Jingyi’s sword arm was encased in heavy bandages, from his knuckles up, enough to immobilise his wrist and elbow. “I’m not allowed to use it for another three weeks. I broke it in a few places, and it’ll scar like nothing else, but I’ll be able to fight again.” He helped Sizhui drink a cup of water and prop a few pillows behind his back. It still hurt to move, but at least Sizhui’s mind was clear.“Do you want me to call Hanguang-jun?” Jingyi asked, hovering between staying and going.Sizhui shook his head. “Not right now. How many days has it been?”Jingyi grinned and sat at the edge of Sizhui’s bed with one leg crooked. He looked as if he were about to launch into a fantastic story, of the kind he always told, except that his smile had a brittle edge to it. “Another three, almost, so it’s been eleven days since we brought you back, and a fortnight complete since we first encountered the taotie.”Sizhui stared at him, failing to grasp how it was that such a span of time had passed. “What happened? I mean, after – all I remember is that I was using the Chord Assassination – I got it around the neck.” “You didn’t miss much, then,” Jingyi said. “Me and the rescue party flew over the ridge just in time to see you do it – well, maybe I’d better start from the beginning. After you sent me to get help, I went straight past the village and further east to the watchtower on the Beihe road, where – I’m sorry to say – I crashed into the railing of the observation platform. I’d lost a lot of blood, so I’m not even sure how I was on my sword by that point, but I blacked out straight away. Of course, I woke up again when they yanked my broken arm back into position. I was yelling all sorts of things before I blacked out again when they put my dislocated elbow back, but the medic pieced it together and told the tower’s senior cultivator to set out the signal flares for Gusu Lan, Lanling Jin, and Yunmeng Jiang. “By the time I’d recovered enough for the medic to remove the needles keeping me asleep, Hanguang-jun and Senior Wei, and Sect Leader Jiang, with a cohort of Yunmeng Jiang and Lanling Jin disciples, were all milling around, clearly preparing for something, but not knowing what. I told them what had happened, that you and Jin Ling were still in the forest with the beast, and we were off as soon as I could get some clean clothes and my sword. I thought, if Sizhui and Jin Ling are alive, they’ll be heading for the river – it was the easiest way to other people and the best terrain for keeping a watch all around. Thank the heavens I was right – otherwise you might not have made it. “All of us came down around you as soon as we could – Sect Leader Jiang was ready to use Zidian against the taotie to make sure it was dead, but you’d struck it a fatal blow – only you’d collapsed, and Jin Ling put himself between you and the beast. It was kind of dragging itself along, even though it was cut down to the neckbones, even through the throat, and bled rivers of its own. You were bleeding badly yourself, but it seemed like the beast wasn’t interested. When I landed on the shore, though – “ Jingyi grasped Sizhui’s hand. His expression had shuttered, tension drawing at the corners of his mouth. When he met Sizhui’s eyes, it was with a self-condemnation that dismayed Sizhui.“It was hunting for me,” he admitted quietly, trembling slightly with the effort it took to keep from averting his eyes. It was too much; Jingyi broke off, glancing at the shadow of Sizhui’s bandages under his thin sleeping robe. Jingyi laughed mirthlessly. “You know, I didn’t even have to run to avoid it. I just took one step back for every cun it scraped and scratched its way forward, and there was such a distance between us. Eventually, it stopped, and one of the Jin Sect disciples asked if it had tasted my blood. That’s why – taotie don’t stop hunting those they’ve tasted. You and Jin Ling were just – in between it and me.”“Stop that,” Sizhui said, squeezing Jingyi’s fingers. “It’s not your fault. We would have been in as much danger no matter who it was hunting.”Jingyi shrugged, wincing as the movement jostled his injured arm. “I know that in my head, but it’s not so easy to change what my heart feels.” They sat in silence as the light waned, until Jingyi settled enough to continue the story. It seemed difficult for him to get the words out, and he wouldn’t look at Sizhui as he spoke.“Jin Ling was the only thing holding you together,” he said quietly. “He was pushing spiritual power into you, everything he had, to keep you alive. Hanguang-jun tried to take you from him, but Jin Ling wouldn’t let go. Sect Leader Jiang had to pry him off. He went crazy, kicking and scratching, so one of the medics that came with us had to sedate him. Sect Leader Jiang took charge of him, and we all went back together. Hanguang-jun carried you – he took over where Jin Ling left off, until our people at the watchtower could stabilise your condition. Then they put you on a stretcher and flew you straight back here – only Senior Wei stayed behind with me. I couldn’t keep up, and he pretended he couldn’t either, to give me some face. Haha, as if he wouldn’t with the amount of dual cultivation he practices with Hanguang-jun…”Sizhui couldn’t help but laugh, only for the motion to pull at his wounds. Jingyi noticed his grimace and got up immediately. “It’s past time for your next dose.” Jingyi smiled at him as he left the room. Senior Wei came to him with a smile that brimmed over at the edges, squeezing his hands in lieu of hugging Sizhui as tightly as Sizhui knew he wanted to. They talked, and ate, until Sizhui fell asleep. He gained his strength, little by little, until he could sit up in bed, practicing with his new guqin with Hanguang-jun, taking meals with Jingyi, and having Senior Wei report on the antics of the four- and five-year-olds that had just begun to practice the foundations for swordplay in the side training yard. On the fifth day after Sizhui awoke from his fever, he got up from bed and made it across the room and back. His appetite returned on the sixth, and his consumption of mountain yam and boiled beef doubled as his body demanded its efforts to heal be generously rewarded. On the seventh, he made it to the cold spring with Jingyi’s help. The wound was heavily scabbed, an ugly ridge rising from his skin, but when Sizhui finally emerged from his healing trance, it no longer pulled inside as if it might tear again. Sizhui knew that he was recovering uncommonly fast, and that he owed it to his desire to see Jin Ling with his own eyes again. Under the half-moon, all the calm that had settled in his heart with the passage of the waters was just as quickly washed away. Sizhui worried. He knew only that Jin Ling was safe with his sect – what Hanguang-jun had told him when he’d awoken from his coma. What was Jin Ling doing now? Was he injured? Did he know that Sizhui was alive, even, and waiting for him, yearning to see him? Was he prevented by something from coming to see Sizhui? Or had he begun to rethink the desperate promises he’d made under the threat of losing their lives to the taotie? He didn’t want to doubt Jin Ling, but no matter how true Sizhui’s feelings were, he couldn’t stop. There had been no news of him, or from him, and Sizhui couldn’t for the life of him figure out why. He asked Jingyi the following day. The younger Lan disciple hesitated, setting down his teacup and flicking his sleeves. Jingyi’s expression seemed much too serious and secretive to be exposed the morning sun from the window at Sizhui’s back.“Sizhui, can I ask you something?”Sizhui sipped his tea, glancing off to the side. He didn’t know why Jingyi’s question put him on edge. “I suppose.”“What happened between you and Jin Ling? Something’s different. I can see this look you get when he’s mentioned.” Sizhui must have betrayed his surprise, because Jingyi slapped his knee and scooted forward to lean over the tea table. “I knew it.” Sizhui made a helpless gesture with one hand. Jingyi had an uncanny acuity of perception regarding these things, save for when he’d been confounded by the Yiling Patriarch and Hanguang-jun. Sizhui suspected that he’d only held back from questioning Sizhui about his feelings towards the Jin Sect Leader to give him the space to work things out on his own. He’d done the same for Ouyang Zizhen and his now-wife. So Sizhui started from the beginning, confessing everything but the things between him and Jin Ling that were too private to share. Jingyi listened and said not a word. It was too new, this love, their love, too little expressed. Sizhui knew he loved Jin Ling, but Jin Ling’s love felt like a ghost, a fever dream to assuage his suffering.“He told me he loved me, and that he’d only have me, and I told him I felt the same way,” Sizhui concluded, running a hand through his hair. “But three weeks of nothing, Jingyi, how am I supposed to interpret that? Not a word, not a letter. I love him, but I can’t stop thinking, has he come to regret what he said in the heat of the moment, or realised that what he thought was love was, was merely an – impulse, a physical impulse? Or has something happened to him, and I’m here mistrusting his word and his honour when I should be at his side?” Jingyi grabbed Sizhui’s hand in both of his, through his fingers were stiff and his bandages coarse on Sizhui’s knuckles. “I didn’t know everything until you told me all this, so I didn’t know what would be wise of me to tell you. Trust me, Sizhui, he loves you. He’s just let his pride get in the way.”“What do you mean?” His pride? Was it somehow beneath his dignity to attach himself to Sizhui?“What kind of other pride do we have as cultivators than in protecting those we love? He couldn’t stop you from getting hurt, and he blames himself, I could see it on his face,” Jingyi said.Sizhui swallowed past the lump in his throat. “You saw him?”“He came two days after you returned,” Jingyi admitted. “He made me swear not to tell you, not until he came back again, after he’d ‘finished doing what needed to be done’. But Jin Ling sat by your bedside for five hours together, not moving or saying anything, just watching you and I think talking to you, though I couldn’t hear what he would have said. Then he left with the escort the Jin Sect had sent with him, and he’s been away since.” Sizhui realised he’d been pleating the fabric of his outer robe tightly between his fingers. “That’s… He – It was my decision to fight the taotie with him. I knew the risks, but I chose to take them for his sake. There’s no one to blame, least of all Jin Ling.”Jingyi shrugged, looking as frustrated as Sizhui felt. “I tried to tell him that, but he was feeling rather than thinking, and – you have to promise me not to do anything drastic, because I’ll tell you what he told me he was going to next.”“Not until you tell me what he did,” Sizhui replied, already feeling a cold knot forming in the pit of his stomach. Knowing Jin Ling… “He went back to Qizimei with almost an army from the Jin and Jiang Sects. Jin Ling didn’t say what he was going to do, but I heard from Senior Wei that a report came down from the watchtowers – there were more taotie, a nest with a queen, that had been contained under a sealing array that was partially destroyed by a sudden monsoon and flooding.”“He didn’t,” Sizhui said flatly. Jingyi’s expression was enough to confirm that Jin Ling had gone as he said. “I need – I need to – ah, he didn’t.” Sizhui was still in no condition to do what he wanted for Jin Ling – to be at his side, offering his sword; to be at his back, being the eyes watching for a strike from behind. It made the waiting all the worse. He couldn’t dismiss his anxiety for Jin Ling’s safety as the product of his own insecurity.“I hate this,” he told Jingyi, “I wish I could do something, talk to him, or – I don’t know. I just…” Not knowing was too much for him to be comfortable with, so he did what he did when he couldn’t lie to himself. Sizhui clung to duty. Perhaps once or twice a week, when Sizhui was stronger, he led the training of the four- and five-year-olds, who took a dozen repetitions to follow Sizhui’s movements correctly. The physical activity got his muscles used to moving how they should again. There was the added benefit of it taking all his attention. The children were as rambunctious a lot as could be expected of the Gusu Lan Sect, the famed iron discipline yet unforged in them. Mostly, he did paperwork in the Library Pavilion. Hanguang-jun was hesitant, but there were always reports to process from disciples abroad. Sizhui helped with that, clearing the reports into bundles sorted by priority for Hanguang-jun and Lan Qiren to review, and preparing dispatch and disbursement orders for outbound groups. He took frequent breaks and continued his meals with Senior Wei, who was always keen to describe his latest experiments and bemoan the energy of the children he was training under Lan Qiren’s somewhat dubious auspices. Twice, he requested he be allowed to join the Jin Sect operations in Qizimei, but Hanguang-jun refused unequivocally. Sizhui suspected Hanguang-jun knew his reasons, but his father was not the kind to interfere unless life or limb were at stake. Faith and doubt chased each other’s tails inside Sizhui’s head. He worried incessantly about Jin Ling. He missed him. He was weak, despite is best efforts. He caught himself playing out scenarios in his head, of Jin Ling being a hair too rash and never being able to come back to him. Equally, he remembered the shapes their bodies made together, such closeness that made the world disappear. But the silence stretched, and Sizhui could not dam up the sudden onrushing thoughts of whether Jingyi was right about Jin Ling. He was leading a combined task force, surrounded by his sect, having taken upon himself a matter that would be a material step in rebuilding his sect’s reputation. He could have come to see Sizhui out of a sense of personal attachment, and realised, without the immediate feelings of gratitude to Sizhui for saving his life, that he couldn’t undertake such a step so lightly. They were young, still, and Jin Ling had a duty to ensure his sect had an heir. He said he’d loved Sizhui since the siege at Burial Mounds, but people usually wanted what they couldn’t have more ardently than when it finally fell into their grasp. Sizhui tried to see Jin Ling’s motivations, his reasons, and puzzle out the shape of his own existence in the other’s life, but the pieces wouldn’t fit together. The anxiety of it dug into him worse than the claws of the taotie. Heaven and earth, he wanted to see Jin Ling. As the time passed and the four-week mark since their first encounter with the taotie approached, even paperwork lost its power. Sizhui woke up with an especially sick feeling in his stomach that grew more oppressive as the sun rose higher over the mountains. He dragged himself through his morning ablutions in a daze, and into the Library Pavilion similarly. Sometime in the early afternoon, Sizhui realised he’d written Jin Ling’s name in the item description part of a requisition order, alongside requests for one hundred deity-binding nets and Meishan silk for making guqin strings. He pushed himself away from the low desk, disgusted, and opened the door to beg some tea from the kitchens. Except someone was standing in the doorway with their back turned. The first thing that Sizhui saw as the figure faced him was bright white, Sparks Amidst Snow, now brilliantly shining against a background of luxuriant gold. Sizhui took a reflexive step back, as Jin Ling – he couldn’t believe it – took a step forward, whole, unblemished, looking serious but saying a multitude of things with the singular expression of his eyes. And so, they continued, Sizhui retreating, Jin Ling advancing, both drinking in the existence of the other. The backs of Sizhui’s knees hit the edge of the raised seating platform at the centre; he sat heavily at the edge of the platform, still too unbalanced by Jin Ling’s presence to think of anything to say. Jin Ling knelt before him, touching Sizhui’s face gently. Sizhui covered Jin Ling’s hand with his own. It felt odd, somehow, not to be doing anything with his other hand; he groped for Jin Ling’s other hand, tangling their fingers.“Jin Ling,” he murmured. “You’re here.”Jin Ling nodded. A shudder ran through his entire body, and his eyes closed as he pressed his forehead to Sizhui’s. “Yes, I am. I’m sorry I took so long.”His brain still wasn’t cooperating – it would not supply the words to convey the magnitude of Sizhui’s longing – so he kissed Jin Ling instead. Jin Ling gasped at the slightest touch of their lips. He surged forward, desperately pressing closer, until Sizhui lay on the platform with Jin Ling hovering over him. “Door,” he panted when Jin Ling finally released him. Jin Ling’s face was flushed and his eyes so bright, they could light the entire world. He glanced over his shoulder, and with a flick of his hand, slammed it shut with a gust of spiritual energy.“Sizhui, I…”“I missed you,” Sizhui interrupted, kissing Jin Ling’s palm. There was a shake to his voice, as if everything he felt had gained a life of its own and was fighting free of him. Jin Ling was here, was well, kissed him as if the nectar of life flowed from Sizhui’s lips. He’d been sure of what he wanted, but he’d forgotten, oh, how could he have forgotten how right Jin Ling felt? “I missed you so much.”“I missed you too,” Jin Ling said, caressing Sizhui’s cheek. “I wanted to be with you, you have no idea how badly I wanted to, but I had to do something first.” Jin Ling turned to unbuckle his sword. He pressed it into Sizhui’s hands, and Sizhui realised with a shock that it wasn’t Suihua. No, Suihua was sheathed on the other side. The sword Jin Ling had given Sizhui was Sizhui’s own.His eyes widened. “Where did you find this?”Jin Ling laughed quietly, tucking his hair behind his ear. “You know, I had a speech, and everything. I was going to kneel and present it to you properly. But it’s silly, now that I think about it. I couldn’t live with myself – all I thought is I’d let you get hurt. We were back up there going after the nest, and there were so many taotie that we killed, but after it was all done, I still felt like I couldn’t face you. I missed you so much, but I couldn’t come back if it meant that you’d get hurt again. I meant it when I said I wanted to protect you like you did me – only I realised how unhappy I was when you’d sacrifice yourself as if you didn’t matter, so…” Sizhui blinked hard, trying to relieve the prickling in his eyes. Jin Ling’s meaning seemed to dangle just slightly out of his reach.“What I mean is, even if you were safe behind all the walls and protections I could devise, I’d be unhappy, because you’d be unhappy – the same if our positions were reversed,” Jin Ling continued, his eyes soft and earnest. He was right – the four weeks that Jin Ling had been away, fighting without Sizhui, had been an agony that wormed its way down to Sizhui’s bones. Being together with him had a ring of resolution to it “I went back to find your sword, because if we’re going to do this, I think the only way is for both of us to protect each other. Neither of us can try to always keep the other one out of harm’s way. I meant it, Sizhui. I want you to be happy, and if it’s what you want, then I want you to be at my side. We can work everything out as long as it’s you.” Jin Ling pulled at the end of the scarlet tie keeping his hair away from his face and offered it to Sizhui as his hair spilled down over his shoulders. “I know it’s not the same, but I don’t have a forehead ribbon, and I thought – ““You’re serious,” Sizhui whispered, interrupting Jin Ling. It was a dizzying realisation. Jin Ling really meant it – meant to respect his freedom, wanted Sizhui by his side, regarded Sizhui as his fated person.Jin Ling’s expression softened. “Did you think that I was going to change my mind this entire time?” Jin Ling asked quietly.Sizhui shook his head, taking a shuddering breath. “It’s not that. I love you. I just don’t want to force you into something you’ll regret.”Jin Ling kissed him on the forehead, on the cheek, on the insides of his wrists. He kissed Sizhui on the lips, once, twice, and whispered fervently. “Never, never, never.” Sizhui kissed Jin Ling again, and every other thought was washed away in a tide of fire, this certainty that this was where he was meant to be. There would be time, later, to talk about the future. But in that moment, Sizhui thought he never wanted to exist in any way apart from this, so close that the two of them shared one breath, and Jin Ling’s presence stretched out in his blood as if in a wide river.



Afterword


End Notes
the working title of this was 'hunting tigers' but before that it was 'xuanwu of slaughter generation 2' before the word count and plein air sex got away with me - originally i thought it was going to be 8k but it ended up being closer to 19 whoops - but i mean imagine if wangxian had gotten busy in the xuanwu cavethe actual title is from florence + the machine's song of the same name, chosen because of the chorus: 'and the only solution was to stand and fight/and my body was bruised and i was set alight/but you came over me like some holy rite/and although i was burning you're the only light'second half of the final line is from pablo neruda's ‘my love, at the shutting of this door of night’, no lxxxii from cien sonetos de amor, as expected from a neruda hoe who constantly refers back to 'i do not love you...', no xvii, when stuck for poetic ways to say horny shitalso thanks to a certain apple-duck for reacting to the first 3-4k and providing motivation to actually finish!! dan for being my rock as always, and ninda and jas for new friends made through fandom hmu on twitter @moshtothehosh


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



