



Play it Cool - i6uooh_uiw - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Play it Cool
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/20776364.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Jung Hoseok | J-Hope
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Kim Yugyeom
Additional Tags:
Fake/Pretend Relationship, Meet-Cute, Alternate Universe, Soft Jeon Jungkook, Flirty Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Top Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Bottom Jeon Jungkook, Past Jeon Jungkook/Kim Yugyeom, Fluff and Smut, Beginnings, Happy Ending, Light Angst, Porn with Feelings, Smut, Some Plot, Some Humor, jeon jungkook blushes, A lot - Freeform
Collections:
The Best of The Best
Stats:

        Published: 2019-09-25
        Words: 9362
      

Play it Cool
by i6uooh_uiw
Summary
Jeon Jungkook runs into his ex at a club and, in a panic, pulls Jung Hoseok, an enigmatic stranger, into pretending to be his boyfriend. -or-basically everything a fake dating trope should be >:(
Notes
hopekook is not something i regularly ship but fuck if they're not immensely happyanyway this is sweet and happy and i love it so pls enjoy

          See the end of the work for more notes




Play it Cool

His ex was  not  supposed to be here, that much he knew for sure. They’d had an unspoken rule for the past year and a half, at least in Jungkook’s mind: Jungkook kept to the clubs in the neighborhoods surrounding him and his work, Yugyeom got the places by his home and all of downtown. It was fair. It was  more  than fair, Jungkook couldn’t count how many invitations he’d had to turn down because they were going somewhere in  Yugyeom’s  territory. Because he respected the divide. No, he  needed  the divide.He needed to know that he could go out, have fun, have some drinks, maybe flirt with someone (nothing more, at least, not in a while) without having to worry about running into Yugyeom, seeing Yugyeom, talking to Yugyeom. It may have been a year and a half, but that was only half as long as they’d been together, and Jungkook depended on the distance for his own survival. And. Yet.Not half a room away from him (in  his  club, in  his  neighborhood), was Kim Yugyeom, all tall and beautiful and laughing and dancing, and Jungkook was frozen to the spot, staring in awe and something like fear, wishing he was literally anywhere else, or maybe a year and a half ago, in their small apartment, curled into Yugyeom’s chest, tangled in their sheets…The thought (and any and all others he may have had) immediately fled his mind the second Yugyeom’s eyes landed on him. The taller man stopped, his smile slipping slightly, turning into something maybe a little nervous. Except no, Jungkook could see the cocky glint in Yugyeom’s eyes, the hint of a smirk on his pretty lips. And it made Jungkook furious. And maybe he wanted to cry a little, maybe curl in a ball and disappear, but Jungkook forced himself to not look away, to keep his back straight (maybe he flexed his muscles a bit, but he’d been working hard for them, knew they were hopefully intimidating, or at least attractive. Not that he was trying to attract Yugyeom), to not cower under the gaze of his former lover. Yugyeom was approaching, though, and every centimeter of space that shrunk between them was making Jungkook’s heart pound faster.And then Yugyeom was in front of him, a stunning smile on his lips, and Jungkook had to force his mouth to not respond in kind on pure instinct. “Jungkookie,” Yugyeom said, his voice barely audible over the music and the crowd and the panic in Jungkook’s mind. It had been over a year since he’d heard Yugyeom’s voice, since he’d moved the last of his things out of their- Yugyeom’s apartment. “Yugyeom.” Jungkook tried to keep his voice from wavering. Tried to keep his whole body from wavering when Yugyeom took his time looking Jungkook up and down, eyes lingering on his thighs, crossed arms, lips.Yugyeom’s eyes found their way back to Jungkook’s and he smirked. “You look good, Kook.” Jungkook clenched his jaw, biting down hard on his own teeth to keep from yelling or cursing or maybe just crying. “Yeah,” was all he could say, keeping his chin up in some semblance of confidence. It seemed to amuse Yugyeom, who took a step forward. Jungkook took a step back. Yugyeom was too close the second he’d come into Jungkook’s unofficial part of the city, and having him any closer would only do bad things for Jungkook’s health.“How are you, Kook?” Yugyeom asked, eyes twinkling with mirth and something dark that Jungkook didn’t want to name. “It’s been a while.” Another step forward.“I’m fine.” Another step back.“You aren’t gonna ask about me?” Yugyeom teased. Jungkook didn’t respond, tried to look uninterested. He didn’t want to hear about how well Yugyeom had been, how good and perfect his life was now that Jungkook wasn’t in it. “I’ve missed you, Kook.”Jungkook’s step backward was a bit of a stumble, but he pretended it was because of whoever was behind him in the crowd, keeping his face as stony as he could despite the ache in his heart. “Unfortunate,” Jungkook managed to say. Yugyeom chuckled. “You haven’t missed me?”Jungkook lied through his teeth and prayed it wasn’t obvious. “I’ve moved on Yugyeom. Maybe you should, too.”Something like curiosity flashed in Yugeom’s eyes and he finally stayed put, allowing Jungkook to take one more step back to establish at least a semblance of distance. Someone jostled his slightly from the side, but he ignored them.“Oh, yeah?” Yugyeom was still teasing. Didn’t believe him. Didn’t believe his blatant lie. “Who’s the lucky guy?” Shit . There was no one, of course. Not one person. After Yugyeom, he’d gone on first dates, flirted with strangers at bars, once made the mistake of going home with one, only to leave before the sun rose, tears in his eyes, bile in his throat, guilt heavy in his heart. But Yugyeom couldn’t know. No way in hell. Jungkook looked around, trying not to look frantic. “He’s around here somewhere. Maybe you’ll get to meet him.”Yugyeom was smiling again, thoroughly amused. “Oh, I sure hope so. Please, tell me everything. What’s his name, how’d you meet, how long have you been together?”Jungkook forced a smirk on his lips as he continued to search the crowd (looking for anyone,  anyone  who looked his age, not hideous, and drunk or friendly enough to play along). “Relax, Yugyeom,” he said, his voice cold, “It’s a little late for jealousy, isn’t it?”This made Yugyeom’s smile falter for a second, and when it came back, Jungkook could see the tension behind it. Yugyeom was maybe believing him a little more now.  Please .Jungkook spotted someone. He was beautiful, although that was really the least relevant thing, and he was dancing with his eyes closed, looking like the club was a stage and he was performing for a crowd of thousands. If Jungkook had been in that crowd, he would have definitely given a standing ovation. More importantly, he looked to be around Jungkook’s age, maybe a little older, and something about his face (despite the sharp jawline, slightly furrowed brow, focused set to his lips, all of which made him look somewhat intimidating) drew Jungkook in, looked open and honest and maybe not as mean as he might look at first glance. Jungkook took note of where the man was dancing before looking back to meet Yugyeom’s eyes with a genuine smile (of relief, but Yugyeom didn’t need to know). “I see him. I’ll go see if he wants to meet you.”Before Yugyeom could even respond, Jungkook was fleeing through the crowd, heading straight for the dancing stranger. As he approached, he realized the man was even more beautiful (and intimidating) up close.Dark, messy hair was parted down the middle, exposing his forehead except for where sweat-stained strands stuck to his skin. He was wearing a dark patterned short-sleeve button-down shirt, the first few buttons undone and showing off a swath of glistening honey skin, taut over lean muscle. His tight jeans highlighted his long legs, clinging to the muscles of his thighs in a way that nearly made Jungkook drool.And he nearly fell over when the man opened his eyes, sharp and narrow, and looked straight at Jungkook. He must have seen the look on Jungkook’s face because he suddenly smirked, and Jungkook actually did trip then, cursing under his breath as his cheeks reddened furiously. But when he looked back up, the man had somehow gotten even prettier.A giant, heart-shaped smile transformed his defined features as he laughed, his dancing slowing into small little sways back and forth as he looked at Jungkook. Jungkook bit his lip, hard, pushing his embarrassment away and forcing himself to keep walking, keep going straight towards the beautiful, hot, intimidating, radiant man who was watching him with a jaw-dropping smile and a panty-dropping gleam in his eye. Jungkook was not an outgoing person. By nature, he was shy and introverted and preferred to stay at home and play Overwatch or hang out with his close friends and get some lamb skewers. However, right now, he had to overcome his crippling shyness. He had to approach a stranger (a beautiful, hot, intimidating, radiant stranger), and pretend that they were together. He could feel Yugyeom’s eyes on him, knew the taller man would probably follow him shortly. He couldn’t afford to fail. So he stepped right up to the man, grabbed both his hands with a smile, and turned him so that his back was towards Yugyeom and Jungkook could watch him approach if he did. Jungkook ignored the panicked fluttering of his heart as he stepped closer, keeping what he hoped looked like a genuine smile on his face as he placed the stranger’s hands off his hips and wrapped his own arms around the other’s neck (ignoring the gentle and maybe enticing squeeze of the stranger’s hands around him). “Please, I’m begging you, play along, pretend you’re my boyfriend. My name’s Jungkook, I’ll buy you a drink, or dinner, or something, just please help me. My ex is here, Yugyeom. Like coming up to us in T-5. I’m begging.” Jungkook’s plea was whispered into the other man’s ear, a playful smile on his lips, and he knew he looked like he was whispering sweet nothings or lewd secrets to his lover. He pulled back and met the stranger’s eyes, hoping his desperation shone through his smile. The other looked somewhat shocked for a second before a mischievous gleam appeared in his eyes and he beamed at Jungkook once more, hands squeezing him again before he was suddenly turning around, shifting so his arm was wrapped snug around Jungkook’s waist hugging him close to his side as he turned to face Yugyeom.And Jungkook’s smile was no longer forced, if only for a second, because the look of shock and confusion on Yugyeom’s face made it all worth it. Jungkook quickly wound his fingers through the stranger’s, actually appreciating that he had  something  to hold on to. He managed to raise an eyebrow as he looked at Yugyeom. “I thought I was going to tell you if he wanted to meet you. What, you didn’t believe me?”Yugyeom’s eyes were flickering back and forth between Jungkook and the man at his side, who’s smile was no longer friendly, and he looked even more intimidating than he had before, although Jungkook could see the way the corner of his lips trembled as if he was trying not to laugh.Still, he managed to look down at Yugyeom, which was quite a feat since Yugyeom was taller than both of them. But the stranger’s  presence  was like that of a wild cat sizing up his prey, and even Yugyeom looked unsettled. Then the stranger was smiling slightly, lifting his chin. “You must be Yugyeom. I can’t say I’ve heard a lot about you.”“I- uh.”“I’m Jung Hoseok. I’ve actually been wanting to talk to you for a while. I know you and Jungkookie aren’t on the best terms, obviously, but I wanted to thank you. If you hadn’t broken up, I wouldn’t have ever gotten the chance to be with my Kook-ah,” he looked down at Jungkook with fondness in his eyes, so convincing that Jungkook was left gaping at him until he sent him a sly wink, and Jungkook’s responding smile was unmistakably genuine despite the absolute frantic beating of his heart.“Hyungie,” Jungkook cooed, reaching up to pinch Hoseok’s cheeks as he tried  so hard  not to burst into laughter. He could tell by the look in Hoseok’s eyes and the way his fingers dug into Jungkook’s side that he felt the same way.“I-” Yugyeom’s voice drew both of their attentions once more and they turned to look at him, smile’s fading. “What’s that, Yugyeom?” Jungkook asked, tilting his head innocently. Yugyeom was practically glaring at Hoseok, but he softened slightly when he looked down at Jungkook, something like hurt flashing in his eyes. Jungkook gripped tighter onto Hoseok’s hands, trying to ignore the sudden pain in his chest.“I… I’m glad you’re happy, Kook. I’ve actually… got to go, but don’t be a stranger, yeah? Let’s, uh, meet up some time. Catch up. You, uh, Hoseok-ssi, you can come too, of course.”“Aw, I’m so glad I’m invited,” Hoseok responded, voice sickly sweet as he drew Jungkook closer, eyes fixed squarely on Yugyeom. The taller man just swallowed and nodded and, with one last look at the two of them, turned and disappeared into the crowd, heading towards the door. Jungkook and Hoseok stayed where they were, holding their breath until they were sure Yugyeom was gone. Then, Jungkook sagged, face crumpling and breath rushing out in a sigh Hoseok gently unwound himself from Jungkook, but kept a gentle, grounding grip on his arm, looking at him with a sympathetic grin.“I’ll admit, I thought that would be more fun than it was,” Hoseok finally spoke after Jungkook had regained his cool. Jungkook choked on a small laugh, meeting the older man’s eyes apologetically.“I’m sorry, you didn’t have to do that. I kind of panicked. Thank you though, I really don’t know what I would have done.”“Hey, no worries. It cost me nothing. Plus, you said you’d buy me dinner, right?”Jungkook smiled and nodded. “You earned it,” he joked. “By the way, I know he said to meet up but I am one hundred percent not doing that, so trust me when I say I’m not trying to rope you into some elaborate scheme where you have to sacrifice your time and energy to be my fake boyfriend. This was really a one-off situation.”Hoseok laughed and Jungkook wished they were somewhere else, without the music and people so that he could hear that laugh again, louder and clearer. “Oh, but Kook-ah, I was so looking forward to accidentally falling in love with you.”Jungkook would be lying if he said his heart didn’t stumble over itself at the words. Instead, he remained silent, but the burning blush on his cheeks was definitely giving him away as he ducked his head.“So,” Jungkook said, willing his blush away as he studied his feet, “dinner?”“Let’s go.” It didn’t take long for them to reach a small little hole-in-the-wall restaurant that was still open and wasn’t overpriced. Jungkook had been many times before, thought their food was the best on the block and the place itself was small and cramped, but in a good way, and the owners always smiled at him and welcomed him warmly. It was a good place.The only issue was that now he and Hoseok were sitting at a too-small table, knees crowded against each other,  light  shining on them for the first time all night.Jungkook knew Hoseok was unfairly stunning, he’d seen that in the red and purple lights of the club, again in the glimpses he got as they walked down the street, the occasional streetlight illuminating the other just enough for Jungkook to admire without studying.But now there were real lights, one right above their heads, shining directly onto Hoseok’s face, and Jungkook was wondering if he looked as stupid as he felt because his brain was kind of rebooting as he took Hoseok in, and he knew his eyes were wide and his mouth was probably hanging open a little, but he wasn’t completely able to fix that right now, not when Hoseok was looking  so  pretty and smiling at Jungkook in a way that made him feel admired too. “Jeon Jungkook!” A familiar voice snapped him out of his daze, forcing his eyes away from Hoseok and up to a small, round, silver-haired old woman with a wide smile on her face and a worn apron tied around her waist.“Halmeoni!” Jungkook smiled fondly at the woman who rapidly approached, wiping her hand on her apron.“Where have you been, boy? I haven’t seen you in months, you look so skinny. You haven’t been taking care of yourself,” she scolded, hands finding her hips as she took him in with a displeased frown. Which she then turned on Hoseok, who seemed a little out of his depth, but smiled anyway and bowed his head politely. “And who is this?”“Um- a friend, but-”“Well he needs to do better, he clearly hasn’t been looking after you, Jungkook-ah, you’re skin and bones!”Jungkook was blushing furiously, curling in on himself as he stared at his hands. “We just met, halmeoni,” he protested. “Hmm, no excuse. My Jungkook-ah, you used to be so big, so strong, now look at you.”“I-” Jungkook’s eyes flew wide with indignation. He was certainly  not  skin and bones, he worked out regularly and it showed, and maybe he wasn’t the most confident person but he was proud of his body because he knew what it had taken to get it. “Hush, I don’t want to hear it. You need food. And new friends, this one is letting you starve.” With one last suspicious glare at Hoseok and a firm pinch of Jungkook’s cheek, she spun on her heel and sped away through the tiny, crowded restaurant with surprising quickness.Hoseok and Jungkook both watched her go in shocked silence. When Hoseok finally turned around after several long seconds, there was an incredulous smile on his heart-shaped lips (he was really so pretty in the light and it kind of hurt to witness) and he raised one questioning eyebrow at Jungkook. Jungkook buried his face in his hands to hide the increasing flush and groaned in mortification, falling forward until his forehead hit the table.“I’m so sorry,” he mumbled through his hands, “Hyunae-halmeoni is the owner and when I moved here I didn’t have much money but I could afford this so I would come all the time and sometimes she would let me eat for free if I helped a little and she just started taking care of me and I haven’t been here in a few weeks and I’m an adult and I can take care of myself but she just  worries  sometimes and-”“Jungkook-ah,” Hoseok was laughing and Jungkook had to look up from the table because there was no way he was going to miss it, “Jungkook, it’s fine, don’t apologize. It’s sweet that she takes care of you. And I like seeing you all flustered.”And Jungkook had to look back down at the table because Hoseok winked at him and now his face was all red again and Hoseok was so pretty, was he even legal? Couldn’t be, that would be unfair to Jungkook and the rest of everyone else who had to get by on average looks while Hoseok looked like the literal sun come to life.He was saved from answering by Hyunae, who was weaving between tables and chairs with a food-laden tray in her hands, which she unloaded onto their small little table with incredible skill until there wasn’t a single empty spot on the whole surface and Jungkook and Hoseok were staring at it with their eyes wide and their stomach’s grumbling.“You eat. I’ll bring more out.”Jungkook panicked, “Halmeoni! There’s no room! This is enough, this is  too much , I-”“Jungkook-ah! You will eat! You don’t come to see me for months, and you wear away to nothing! You leave me worrying and then you show up looking like a skeleton! You will eat, or you will make me stay here and feed you, understand?”“Yes, halmeoni, I will eat well” Jungkook whispered, bowing his head again. Hyunae made a satisfied sound and then she was gone, leaving them with a table full to the brim with food. Jungkook immediately scrunched his face up, wishing he still had table space to bang his head down. “Please, eat,” he mumbled, gesturing at the mountains of food with one hand, unable to meet Hoseok’s amused gaze.Hoseok shook his head with a chuckle, but thankfully didn’t say anything, just grabbed his chopsticks and began to eat. Jungkook followed suit, grateful that the elder seemed to be hungry because soon they were both too distracted and their mouths too full for any conversation, and Jungkook gradually felt the embarrassment dissipate.True to her word, Hyunae returned after several minutes, clearing away any empty plates and bowls on the table and just as quickly replacing them with new dishes. Both men thanked her and kept eating.They didn’t slow down until more plates had been cleared, this time without replacements, and they were both starting to feel maybe too full. “So, now can you tell me what happened at the club?” Hoseok asked before shoveling some food in his mouth, looking up at Jungkook with curiosity. Jungkook grimaced but nodded as he finished chewing.“I’m still sorry about that. I just…” He bit the inside of his cheek and stared down at his food. He hadn’t really talked much about Yugyeom since they broke up. But he owed Hoseok an explanation at least. “Um, Yugyeom and I were together for, like, three years and, uh, I really haven’t seen him since we broke up, I guess.” He tried to keep his voice steady, to not let old, stupid emotions get the best of him. Hoseok just ate in silence, eyes fixed calmly on Jungkook.“That was about a year and a half ago, and- this is gonna sound stupid- I kind of assigned us, like, areas of the city?” He winced at saying it out loud. It really was ridiculous. But Hoseok didn’t look judgmental, so Jungkook carried on. “When I moved here, I stopped going to all the places near our- Yugyeom’s apartment, and the downtown area because he works there, and I stuck to the places around here and near  my  work, and it just kind of worked? I didn’t have to worry about seeing him, he was free to do whatever as long as it was away from me… I just needed space, you know?”Hoseok’s nod was enough encouragement for Jungkook to continue.“Anyway, the club was… well, it’s clearly in my area. I’ve been going there for months, and it’s been a safe place, I never had to worry about him. And tonight, when I saw him, I just kind of panicked? And he came up to me and was asking about my life and he had this look like he just  knew  he was doing better than me and I would beg to get back with him or something, and I freaked out and told him I’d moved on, which, like, I  have  , but he thought I meant I had a boyfriend, and I felt like if I didn’t then he was winning, which is stupid because I shouldn’t care about his opinion anyway, but I didn’t want him to think I was hung up on him or not able to get someone else. So I found you, and you looked like you probably weren’t a homophobic asshole who would punch me in the face if I mentioned it, and on top of that you were  hot  and I just kind of crossed my fingers and prayed it would work, and then I guess you know the rest. I mean, I don’t know what it means for the future because if Yugyeom is over the whole ‘giving each other space’ thing, then he might be in this area more and I might run into him again, and then I’ll probably have to deal with the consequences, but for now, you really helped me a lot and I’m very grateful.”Jungkook sat quietly for a second and caught his breath, and then his words processed and he flushed pink and immediately took a big bite of food, distracting himself with the choices in front of him so he didn’t have to look at Hoseok’s reaction.“You think I’m hot?” Hoseok asked. Jungkook felt his blush on the tips of his ears, but he managed to look up with a glare, pushing his hair out of his eyes with his free hand.“Is that all you got from that?”Hoseok gave him a dazzling smile (fuck, Hoseok with proper illumination was going to send Jungkook to the hospital). “It’s all I cared about. No offense, but your ex doesn’t actually interest me all that much.”“What, and I do?” Jungkook scoffed.“Yes, very much,” Hoseok replied, smirking. And Jungkook wondered how he hadn’t passed out already from how much blood was rushing to his face tonight because it couldn’t be healthy to blush this much. They kept eating, talking, blushing (well, only Jungkook) until they were done with all the food, Hyunae had taken away the plates, and Jungkook had tried to pay, only for Hyunae to refuse vehemently, saying he now owed her and he’d have to come in again soon and regularly in order to make up for it.Then Hoseok and Jungkook were sitting in silence again, the table empty in front of them and the restaurant empty around them, and then they agreed that they should probably leave so Hyunae could actually close and then they were standing on the sidewalk and debating where to go.“So…” Hoseok said, a grin on his face as he rocked back on his heels. Jungkook looked at him shyly, hands deep in his pockets. “You didn’t really  buy  me dinner.”Jungkook’s eyes widened. “I- I mean, I would have, halmeoni wouldn’t-”Hoseok smirked and stepped forward cutting Jungkook off as he choked a bit on his words. “I’ll forgive you  if  ,” Hoseok said, his voice lilting and teasing and Jungkook was trying really hard not to stare at his lips but they were right there and Hoseok’s smile was  really  distracting, “you buy me dinner some other time. You know, to repay me for the favor.”“Oh?” Jungkook murmured distractedly. Then. “ Oh? ” His eyes flew up to Hoseok’s. Did that mean…? “You- uh, dinner?”“Mhm.”“Um, so we should maybe, like, exchange numbers then or something? To… plan that?”“Seems like a very wise decision, Jungkookie,” Hoseok responded, nodding seriously as he pulled out his phone. Jungkook may have shivered at the sound of the nickname in Hoseok’s voice but he ignored it, taking Hoseok’s phone with slightly shaky hands and chewing his lip as he put his number in.He locked the phone when he finished and handed it back to Hoseok, looking up through his hair at the other, who was watching him intently with a small smile. Hoseok took his phone back, went to unlock it, but Jungkook stopped him, putting his hand over Hoseok’s and pushing his phone down.“Later,” he said, blushing. Hoseok raised an eyebrow but obliged, putting his phone away.“Well, Jungkookie… I'll see you soon?”Jungkook nodded, looking down. “It’s only fair,” he said, hiding his smile and briefly meeting Hoseok’s gaze. The elder smiled with his teeth and Jungkook couldn’t help but match it with a shy grin of his own. “Thanks again, Hyung.” (They had established over dinner that Hoseok  was  indeed older, by 3 years)“Anytime you need a fake boyfriend, let me know, yeah? I’ll be happy to help if you buy me dinner after.”“So you’ll pretend to date me only if I then take you on a real date after?” Jungkook challenged, feeling the blush return faintly. His cheeks may as well be permanently pink by now.Hoseok’s chuckle was worth it though. “You saying this was a date?”“O-of course not,” Jungkook stuttered, “I didn’t buy you dinner, remember?”“So I guess it wouldn’t be fair for me to kiss you goodnight, then?”Jungkook flushed deeper. “I, uh… You could. I mean, if you wanted to.”“I do,” Hoseok murmured, placing his long fingers gently under Jungkook’s chin and drawing his gaze up. Jungkook’s face felt like it was literally on fire. “Me too.”And then Hoseok was kissing him. It wasn’t a hard and passionate  fireworks  kind of kiss, there was nothing forceful or fierce, but it still took Jungkook’s breath away. It was soft,  so  soft and gentle and Jungkook has assumed that Hoseok would kiss like he danced, all sensual and sexual and sinful, and he never would have guessed (although maybe he should have, when Hoseok was sitting in the restaurant smiling softly and never once judging him) that Hosoek could kiss him like  this .But he was, his lips pressing against Jungkook’s, sweet and chaste and unassuming, and it was immediate, the way Jungkook suddenly wanted more. Hoseok pulled back with a wide grin, his messy black hair looking distractingly silky and Jungkook had to pause and breath deep to steady his heart.“Would you, um- would you like to walk me home?” Jungkook asked, his voice quiet but surprisingly steady. Hoseok seemed taken aback, his eyes widening and something resembling a blush (but that couldn’t be, Jungkook was the flustered mess here, not Hoseok) coloring his cheeks.“I- yeah, I’d love to.” Hoseok’s shock was short-lived and was quickly replaced by a fond smile and a slender fingered hand that found Jungkook’s and tangled them together. When Jungkook nodded in the direction of his home, too flustered to form words, Hoseok took the lead with a bounce in his step, swinging their hand between them.Jungkook let himself be led (even though he was murmuring directions to Hoseok as they walked, after he regained his voice) and he couldn’t help but stare- at their swinging hands, at Hoseok’s hair that flopped with each step, at Hoseok’s lips that pursed to hum a quiet tune or split to sing quietly. Hoseok was so pretty. The prettiest. Jungkook couldn’t look away.So the walk went by quick, the building and streetlights passing in a nondescript blur to Jungkook, who was only focused on one thing, and before he knew it, they were on his block. He tugged Hoseok to a stop outside his building and looked over at the door, but he didn’t let go of Hoseok’s hand.Hoseok smiled at him, a beautiful, genuine, kind smile that Jungkook wanted to photograph and frame and hang in his house. Jungkook chewed on his lip.“Hyung,” he started, feeling his palms getting sweaty, “you wanna come in?”Once again, Hoseok looked surprised, and Jungkook couldn’t help the way his heart stuttered at the idea that Hoseok had agreed to walk him home, and had done so with so much enthusiasm, without expecting anything. At the same time, though, Jungkook wanted something. And he was really, really hoping Hoseok wanted it too. The way Hoseok looked at him now, eyes a little darker but still a little playful, a lot kind, made Jungkook thing that he probably did.“Sure,” Hoseok said, eyes wandering over Jungkook’s face, looking for something that he didn’t seem to find before flashing Jungkook a devilish smirk.Jungkook blushed and led them inside, not letting go of Hoseok’s hand even to fiddle with the keys, first for the building door and then, once they took the elevator up, to his own apartment. Only once they were inside and had to take off their shoes did he finally release the elder.“Nice place,” Hoseok commented as he slipped out of his shoes and wandered slightly into the living area, taking it all in. Jungkook blushed as he shuffled over towards the kitchen, stepping around the island and looking over at Hoseok.“It’s a mess right now, but thank you. Do you want anything?”Hoseok turned to look at him and smiled, walking over to join him in the kitchen and leaning back against the counter. “Yeah.”Jungkook pretended he was unaffected by the close proximity, by the image of Hoseok in  his  home, looking all domestic and tempting. He moved toward the fridge instead. “Yeah? I think I have Sprite maybe, or-” He cut off immediately when Hoseok’s hand wrapped around his wrist and tugged him back gently. He held his breath as he stumbled toward Hoseok, ending up toe to toe, nowhere to look but Hoseok’s face or chest and Jungkook couldn’t decide which was worse.And Hoseok laughed, soft and low and rumbly. “Nothing to drink, no. I want- and you can tell me if it’s not available- I want to kiss you again, Jungkookie, if that’s okay?” Oh . Hoseok was undoubtedly going to be Jungkook’s cause of death at this rate and he couldn’t even pretend to be mad about it.“I- yeah, that’s okay, Hyung. V’got lots of kisses to give, so yeah.” And maybe it was a little stupid, but Hoseok giggled-  giggled - and then they were kissing again except that is was so different from the first kiss in every way.This time, Hoseok’s hand left the counter and found Jungkook’s waist, pulling him closer as his other hand freed Jungkook’s wrist and went to rest on his jaw, and Jungkook was so aware of everywhere their bodies touched, of the firmness of Hoseok’s chest against his own, of how Hoseok, despite being a little narrower than Jungkook, seemed so solid and all-encompassing and Jungkook felt small and safe against him.And the kiss wasn’t so gentle either; Hoseok’s tongue brushed Jungkook’s lips and then his bottom lip was rolled between Hoseok’s teeth and he nibbled just enough to elicit a gasp and then Hoseok was licking into his mouth and, honestly, Jungkook was just along for the ride, giving up all control and doing his best to keep up even though his heart was going crazy and his knees were going weak.Hoseok must have felt it, and the next thing Jungkook knew, their positions were reversed and Hoseok was pushing him into the counter and he was incredibly fucking grateful because if he had to stand on his own two feet with  this  kind of man kissing him, he didn’t know how long he would last.Jungkook didn’t know how long they stayed there kissing, deep and slow before they finally had to break for air. Hoseok rested his forehead against Jungkook’s and he blinked owlishly up at the elder, breaths coming in soft pants through parted lips.“I might be getting ahead of myself here, but how about instead of not fake dating, we maybe try dating for real?” Hoseok’s voice was airy and light, and this close, Jungkook could see the gleam in his eyes and the playful smile on his swollen lips. His breath hitched. “I’m not saying, you know, be my boyfriend, not yet anyway,” Jungkook’s heart was definitely going too fast right now. “Just maybe you’d let me take you out sometime? And we can maybe repeat until we see where it goes. No pressure, no rush.” Boyfriend, boyfriend, boyfriend.  Yeah, Jungkook thought he could wait for that. For Hoseok, definitely. It had been a long time and Jungkook was probably a little rusty on how all of that worked, but it had also been a long time since someone made him feel as special and safe and wanted as Hoseok had in just the few hours that he’d know him. So, yeah. For Hoseok, to be Hoseok’s (maybe, future)  boyfriend , Jungkook could wait. Play it cool.“Yeah,” he muttered, feeling a sudden desire to have Hoseok kissing him again. Right now. “Sounds nice.” And now their kiss had something like urgency to it, and Jungkook couldn’t tell if it was him or Hoseok that tangled their tongues together and started tugging at clothes, but he also didn't really care because once Hoseok’s short sleeve button down was undone and hanging off of his shoulders (only still on because Hoseok refused to let go of Jungkook’s waist where his hands rested under his own shirt), Jungkook was all but lost in the stunning expanse of smooth golden skin and lean muscle and  good god  , how could Hoseok just  look like this?Maybe with anyone else he would have been embarrassed by the whine that left his mouth, but he couldn't even blame himself, especially not when Hoseok’s perfect hands were undoing his shirt, pushing it up until they  had  to break their kiss and remove both of their shirts completely and as quickly as they possibly could.“Holy shit, Jungkook,” Hoseok breathed, eyes wide as he took Jungkook in. And, yeah, Jungkook was a little shy, but he also knew he looked pretty good, and even if he didn’t, there was no mistaking the look in Hoseok’s eyes for anything negative, so Jungkook let him look, biting his lip to keep from hiding himself. “You’re fucking stunning, holy shit,” Hoseok repeated, his eyes finding Jungkook’s as he stepped closer, hands cupping the younger’s jaw.Jungkook pouted. His hands reached forward, found Hoseok’s belt loops, tugged him closer. “Hyungie, kiss me.” He couldn’t keep the whine out of his voice. So much for playing it cool.It didn’t matter though as soon as Hoseok kissed him again. But now that they were exposed, the cool air leaving goosebumps across their bare skin, their bodies leaving traces of fire, Jungkook wanted more.So he wiggled away from the counter, pulling away just enough to whisper “Bedroom?” against Hoseok’s lips as he started shuffling towards it, fingers still looped in Hoseok’s jeans. And Hoseok growled against his mouth and they were kissing again as they moved in clumsy synchronization out of the kitchen and into the hall that lead to Jungkook’s bedroom. Neither of them bothered with the light, the window let in enough city light to see by, and it was safe to say they were happy enough feeling their ways instead.Jungkook lead the way to his bed by memory, walking backward until his legs hit the mattress and he stopped, kissing Hoseok  hard before letting himself fall back onto the bad, crawling backward on his elbows and taking in Hoseok who was shirtless and breathless and breathtaking in the dim light.“C’mere,” Jungkook muttered, his voice too rough to speak louder. It was fine though, Hoseok heard, listened. Hoseok crawled over Jungkook, securing him under his chest, between his legs, and it had been a long time since Jungkook had been under someone,  with  someone like this, but he liked it, liked it a lot, thought he might like Hoseok a lot even though he barely knew him.And Hoseok looked like he might feel the same way because he was looking down at Jungkook in wonder, eyes tracing every feature like he could barely believe his eyes, and a small smile was on his pretty lips, and Jungkook felt precious.And, if possible, he felt even more so when Hoseok leaned down, pressing his lips gently once to Jungkook’s lips before beginning a trail across his face: tip of his nose, forehead, temple, cheekbone, corner of his jaw. And then he veered, forged a new path: adam’s apple (a quick kiss), the hollow between his collarbones (a soft lick), the dip of his shoulder (a light suck), his earlobe (a gentle nibble).Jungkook didn’t realize his breathing was getting heavier with every kiss until he was panting, eyes fluttering shut, open to see Hoseok, shut again. His hands had found their way to Hoseok’s shoulder blades, fingers digging into the soft skin and hard muscle as Hoseok unraveled him.And, god, it was beautiful, feeling this way, feeling  this  , with someone after months (years, if he was honest) of  not . Years of not feeling precious, wanted, special. And Hoseok was somehow erasing them with every touch, replacing them with every kiss. And Jungkook wanted to hold onto this, wanted it to last forever, but also wanted more, wanted to see how much he could feel, how much Hoseok could make him feel.So he scraped his nails lightly down Hoseok’s back, delighting in the shiver and groan of the other, before once again finding Hoseok’s belt loops, on the back this time, and using his new leverage to pull Hoseok’s hips down onto his.If he hadn’t known that he was hard before, he certainly knew as soon as Hoseok’s jean-clad erection brushed over his own, and his body must have forgotten how good this could feel because just that small brush left Jungkook gasping for air, back arching barely off the bed. Hoseok’s reaction was just as instantaneous, a sharp hiss leaving his mouth where his lips froze against Jungkook’s throat, and then he pulled back and was kissing Jungkook squarely on the mouth again, rolling his hips of his own volition and swallowing every gasp and shuttered moan that tumbled from Jungkook’s mouth.And they did that until Jungkook thought he might explode because, as sensitive as his body was, this was still not  enough and he had come too far to turn back and the only way was forward, and so he tugged on Hoseok’s jeans again, purposefully this time, hands wandering to the front. Hoseok bit Jungkook’s lip hard when Jungkook’s hand rubbed over his crotch with a bit more pressure than he’d meant to, but when he realized what Jungkook wanted, he pulled back, looking a bit dazed as he nodded in response to the silent question and reached down to fumble with his jeans.Jungkook didn’t want to waste time, so he utilized the opportunity to reach for his own pants, making quick work of the button and fly and lifting his hips enough that he could pull his boxers and jeans down past his ass in one fluid motion, taking care not to jostle Hosoek who was still straddling his thighs as he unzipped his own jeans.The movement drew Hoseok’s attention, and his movements grew more frantic when he caught sight of Jungkook’s cock, wet and swollen, resting against his abs. Hoseok looked back down, lips curled into a focused snarl as he finally got his own jeans down, flipping off of Jungkook to lift his legs and rid himself of his pants completely. Before resuming his position, he tugged at Jungkook’s pants and the younger helped him get them off too until they were both naked and exposed and needy.Jungkook tried and failed not to whimper at the sight of Hoseok returning to his (rightful) place atop Jungkook, his lean muscles highlighted by the faint light that shone like liquid gold across his skin, his cock hanging heavy between his legs looking like it was  made  for Jungkook, his dark eyes trailing up and over Jungkook until they met his and he came down to join their lips is a kiss.“Lube? Condoms?” Hoseok’s voice was gravely and deep as his lips moved against Jungkook’s, and Jungkook had to take a second to collect himself before he could respond.“I-  fuck , in the bathroom, I haven’t needed them in here in a while.” He groaned, throwing one arm over his face. Leave it to him to ruin the mood by forcing one of them to run butt naked down the frigid hall and into the too-bright bathroom to go rummage for lube.But Hoseok just giggled, placed another kiss on his lips, and disappeared. Jungkook forced himself up to his elbows, kept his eyes trained on the door. it could have been seconds, but it felt like hours before Hoseok reemerged, lube and condoms in one hand, baby wipes and a washrag in the other. “For after, so we don’t have to move,” he explained, and Jungkook practically melted.And, most importantly, the mood was  not  lost. If anything, it was stronger than before, the desire, the need, and it took no time at all for Hoseok’s lips to find his again. And if Jungkook was still at all worried, Hoseok took care of it when he wrapped one loose hand around Jungkook’s cock, making the younger cry out and buck his hips forward, chasing the feeling. It was good, so good. But,“Hyung, Hoseokie-hyungie,” Jungkook moaned, breathy and high, “ah, fuck me, Hyungie, please.”“God,” Hoseok whispered, nearly inaudible, “beautiful baby, so beautiful, so good. I will, Hyung will.” And Jungkook whimpered, squeezed his eyes shut, tried to keep his hips still as Hoseok gently removed his hand.Jungkook heard the lube snap open, heard the wet sound of it drizzling onto skin, squelching as it was rubbed and warmed. And he never thought such a ridiculous sound would do so much to him, but he was practically shaking before Hoseok’s hand even touched him.And when it did,  when it did , Jungkook felt like he could cry, the ragged moan that fell from his lips nearly a sob. Hoseok’s fingers were just tracing over his rim, but Hoseok’s mouth was also sucking wet kisses into his chest, occasionally brushing over a nipple and making Jungkook’s back arch.And just as Jungkook was getting ready to beg, Hoseok allowed one finger to breach, rolling Jungkook’s nipple into his mouth at the same time. Jungkook lost all control of his mind, if he’d even had any to begin with, and the cry that left his mouth was something he’d never heard before, something desperate and needy and debauched. His hands had returned to Hoseok’s shoulders and he’d be surprised if his fingers didn’t leave bruises from how hard he was gripping, but it was out of his control now, out of his control as Hoseok eased his finger in and out, steadily increasing the pace, softly curling and straightening inside him.“More, more, more,” Junkook chanted, rocking his hips back. And Hoseok obliged, slowly adding a second finger, and Jungkook shuddered at the stretch, so unfamiliar now, but so welcome.And Hoseok fucked him with two fingers, scissoring them open, stretching him patiently and gently until all he could feel was pleasure and fire, and when he asked, Hoseok added a third, and Jungkook was sure this was the best thing that had ever happened to him.Until he once again asked for more, and Hoseok slipped his beautiful fingers out, kissed Jungkook on the mouth, rolled on a condom. Until Hoseok asked for confirmation and Jungkook gave it through needy whines, begging for Hoseoks to do something, anything.Until Hoseok finally pushed in, slowly, slowly, the stretch already so much more, so much better, and Jungkook knew  this  was the best thing that had ever happened to him.And Hoseok was so caring, so gentle as Jungkook’s breaths got shallow and his eyes rolled up and he waited to adjust, the older peppering his face with beautiful little kisses, keeping still, so still.And then Jungkook was ready, and he said so, or at least tried to, although he more just showed it by kissing Hoseok firmly on the mouth and rocking his hips back  fast , crying out at the fullness at the same time that Hoseok moaned at the unexpected movement. They breathed each other’s air for a few seconds, foreheads pressed together as they collected themselves. “So tight, Jungkookie, you feel so good,” Hoseok panted softly, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth.Jungkook responded with a groan, turning to meet his lips dead on. “You too, Hyungie, m’so full.”And then they were recovered enough to resume, Hoseok pulling out slowly till the tip was catching on Jungkook’s rim, making him squirm, before snapping back in without mercy. It left Jungkook a beautiful mess, trembling on the sheets and whispering Hoseok’s name like a blessing or a curse.So Hoseok did it again, and again, and again until he couldn’t maintain it anymore and fell into a faster rhythm. Hoseok reached for Jungkook’s thigh, squeezing the muscle firmly before pulling it up, pushing it towards Jungkook’s chest. And Jungkook was glad he was flexible, because he barely felt the stretch, and he definitely didn’t feel it when the new angle suddenly gave Hoseok direct access to his prostate, and every thrust was a wave of pleasure and Jungkook was surely drowning.“H-Hyung,” Jungkook moaned, hooking his elevated leg around Hoseok’s slim waist. Hoseok just kissed him, wet and messy and good as he moved inside Jungkook with maddening precision. Jungkook could feel  everything , the drag of Hoseok against his walls, the tension of Hoseok’s shivering muscles above him, Hoseok’s mouth that left burning kisses as much as it panted breathlessly against his own. Hoseok fucked him relentlessly, pace unfaltering, precision unwavering, and every thrust was pushing Jungkook closer and closer to the edge as Hoseok breathed praises into his skin.He felt the knot building low in his stomach, the old familiar tug that he hadn’t felt in so long, every inch of him on fire. And Hoseok seemed to sense it, and his hand found it’s way to Jungkook’s leaking cock where it lay on his stomach, bouncing with every thrust, and Jungkook didn’t even get the chance to warn Hoseok because all it took was a touch and Jungkook was coming apart, keening Hoseok’s name as his spine arched off the bed and his eyes rolled back. And his head felt so hazy that the overstimulation barely registered as Hoseok chased his own release, his hand still wrapped loosely around Jungkook’s softening length.It was only after Hoseok came, forehead hidden in the crook of Jungkook’s neck, and pulled out, extracting a violent shiver from both of them, that the fog in Jungkook’s head began to clear, although it was just replaced with satisfied exhaustion.“Trash?” Hoseok murmured, pulling off the condom with a grimace. Jungkook gestured towards the door with a lazy wave and Hoseok tossed the condom into the small bin, softly pumping his fist victoriously when it made it in. Jungkook chuckled, letting his eyes fall shut.The next thing he felt was Hoseok wiping him down gently with a baby wipe, cleaning him off and then drying him with the small towel. Jungkook afforded him a sleepy smile, the only thanks he could muster at the moment.Then, just a few seconds later, he heard the sound of clothing rustling and he forced his eyes open, frowning at Hoseok, who was pulling on his underwear and reaching for his shirt.“Are you leaving?” asked Jungkook, feeling cold. Hoseok looked up at him hesitantly, pausing his movements.“I- I guess. I mean, I’d rather stay, but I don’t want to… I don’t know, I mean if it’s okay with you, I’d stay?”He spoke it like a question and for the first time all night Jungkook suddenly wondered if maybe it had been a while since Hoseok had felt something like this too. He reached a hand out, arm shaking from the effort.“Stay.”And after a second’s hesitation, Hoseok’s face melted into that beautiful smile of his and he put his hand in Jungkook’s, falling back into the bed. Jungkook relaxed into the heat of him as Hoseok halfheartedly covered them with the (thankfully) clean sheet. There was something intrinsically pleasant about falling asleep with someone else, and it had been a long time since Jungkook had been able to indulge in the beauty of it. And even though he didn’t have much recently to compare too, he felt that it was even better this time because it was  Hoseok , and his skin was impossibly soft and his body was lean and welcoming and his heartbeat was steady and calm under Jungkook’s ear, and he wondered if it was stupid or maybe a little selfish of him to want this to last forever, to maybe have this every night, but he didn’t really care because he had it now and because he remembered Hoseok saying the word “boyfriend” earlier and Jungkook was going to try to not be greedy and take his time, but also…Also, tonight felt like something that came  after  boyfriend, not necessarily before, and Jungkook hoped that maybe they would correct because his heart was still a little unsteady and when Hoseok wrapped him in his arms and pressed a gentle kiss to his head, Jungkook realized he was somehow blushing again. The next morning, Jungkook woke up to an empty bed.He felt a weird sinking feeling in his chest as he took in the wrinkled sheets, the indent on the pillow where Hoseok’s head had been next to his.Maybe he’d been naive. Maybe most people didn’t meet  boyfriends at clubs, but rather just strangers who they let into their beds for a quick and satisfying night and then forgot about the next day.It had been a long time. Maybe Jungkook had just forgotten.And then.And then he saw it. It  being a scrap of paper on his bedside table that definitely hadn’t been there before.Jungkook practically kicked the sheets off the bed, scrambling for the note. Note? Yeah, he confirmed, seeing letters scrawled across in messy handwriting that was not his own. Note.
 Jungkookie, 

 You look so cute when you’re asleep, I think I’d like to see that more. 

 I had to go to work, but I made some coffee for you in the kitchen, I hope it’s still hot when you wake up. 

 I know last night I said I wanted to go on a date maybe with you, but I’m not gonna lie, I was trying to play it cool. 

 It’s all up to you, of course, but maybe you’d like to be my boyfriend?? 

 I'll text you later so you have my number and hopefully an answer. 

 waiting by the phone, 

 Hobi 
Jungkook threw the note across the room, falling on his back with a squeal that sounded far too childish for a twenty-two year old man, but he didn’t care. Boyfriend,  he thought  , Hoseok’s Boyfriend. Suddenly, a thought crossed his mind. Who knew what time it was, how long Hoseok had been out. If Hoseok had maybe already texted him and been  waiting by the phone  for his answer.Jungkook stumbled out of bed with a yell, not even bothering to put clothes on as he ran for the kitchen, where he’d left his phone the night before. Lunging for it, Jungkook thanked every god he knew that it hadn’t died.He scrolled through several notifications,  stupid, stupid, stupid.  Then.1 message from an unknown number.Jungkook tapped it with trembling hands and a trembling heart.
-xxxxxxxxxx

 hey kook 

 its hobi hyung 

 i hope you found my note 

 if not just… let me know and ill explain 

 i hope your day is as beautiful as you :)) 
Jungkook thought he might cry. Who gave this man the right to enter his life and just be everything he wanted? It was legitimately unfair. He read the next message.
 by the way 

 baby bun?   

 very cute name i think ill keep it 
Jungkook blushed furiously. He didn’t even know why he’d set that as his contact name, but once, his friend Seokjin had told him the first thing he thought of when he first met Jungkook was a bunny. So maybe he’d panicked and set it as that. Or maybe he just wanted Hoseok to call him baby. Regardless, he texted back as quickly as his shaky fingers would allow, the wide grin on his face not fading for a second.
JJK

 hyung :) 

 i saw the note 

 i think playing it cool is stupid and overrated and i hate it 

 be my boyfriend, hyung?? 
And Jungkook somehow found the coffee Hoseok had made him (dark and bitter, just the way he liked it, although a little cold now) without looking up from his screen, and then he set his phone down and stared at it as he drank. He was going to be there when Hoseok responded.And he was.Halfway through the coffee, Jungkook’s phone buzzed and he nearly threw the drink across the room.
hyungieeee

 i can honestly say i want nothing more 

 dont forget you still owe me dinner ;) 

 ill see you soon? 
 
JJK

 as soon as you want  

 maybe even sooner 




Afterword


End Notes
i mayyyy or may not do a second part?first date? or maybe like a while into their relationship?let me know what y'all think :))your comments make me happy so feel free to tell me what you think or leave kudos if you're feeling friskyalso! follow me on  twitter


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



