



Polaroids - Toast_Senpai - barakamon Barakamon
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Polaroids
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/4582596.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ばらかもん | Barakamon
Relationship:
Handa Seishuu/Kido Hiroshi
Character:
Kido Hiroshi, Handa Seishuu, Yamamura Miwa, Kido Akiko
Additional Tags:
Established Relationship, Anal Sex, Anal Fingering, Blow Jobs, schoolgirl outfit, Smut, pretty much pwp, Crossdressing
Stats:

        Published: 2015-08-15
        Words: 6244
      

Polaroids
by Toast_Senpai
Summary
Hiro is forced to make a deal with Miwa.
Notes
So Mere requested his many, many months ago. And finally I was able to kick my ass into gear and get it done.



Polaroids

“Hiro-nii, help me out, will ya?” Miwa balanced herself on the ladder she was currently at the top of. The door to the attic of the school homeroom was open above her.“What, ya expect me to climb up inta that dirty attic with ya? Yer smaller than me,” Hiro said as he tightened his grip on the ladder. He looked up at Miwa and she gave him a frown.“I wasn’t askin’ ya to climb up here! Just be ready ta take the box I give ya.” She pulled herself up into the cramped, dusty area and looked for a box labeled ‘female uniforms’. It was thankfully an easy find. With a slight grimace she brushed the cobwebs from it and slid it along until it was next to the hole she had gotten in from. “Here it comes!” Miwa gave the box a hard push over the edge.Hiroshi quickly extended his arms up, expecting a small box. He was promptly hit over the head by one much bigger. It forced him to the floor and rested innocently on his chest. Miwa looked down at him and smiled.“Nice catch, mister pro baseball player!” She swung her legs to the ladder and climbed back to the floor. Hiro glared up at her.“Nice warning,” he said. Hiro set the box in his lap and sat up. “What’s in this anyway?” He unfolded the top flaps.“The Vice Principal wanted me ta get this here box because it has new uniforms innit.”“Uniforms?” Hiro removed the layer of newspaper and underneath there were indeed several girls’ uniforms packaged in clear plastic. He lifted one out and looked it over. It matched the one Miwa was wearing. A navy skirt and white shirt with a collar of the same color. “Why’s the Vice want um?”“For the girls comin’ to class this spring. He said there’s gonna be a new family movin’ out here that has a few girls ‘round my age!” Miwa grinned and grabbed the uniform out of Hiro’s hands. She put it back in the box and closed the flaps. “I know what yer thinkin’, Hiro-nii. You want one of these uniforms fer yourself.”Hiro laughed. He was about to make a class A retort when an idea hit him. He sat with his mouth open, staring at the box in his lap. He wondered what sizes the outfits went up to. Surely there had to be a large in there. Miwa gave him a questioning look as he re-opened the flaps and started to go through them.“What cha doin’?” Miwa kneeled next to him.“Just takin’ stock. Don’t want the Vice gettin’ mad because there’s some missin’, ya know?” Hiro checked over the uniforms as he stacked them outside the box. Small, small, small, medium, medium…“How’s the Vice gonna know if any are missin’? There’s no number written on the box,” Miwa said. She looked over the sides. The box was plain except for the label saying what was inside.…medium, another small. There were only three uniforms left. Hiro took them out. Another medium, an extra small, and… a large. Hiro smirked but quickly wiped it from his face. Obviously he hadn’t been fast enough because Miwa snatched the large uniform from his hands and jumped to her feet.“Hmm, what could Hiro-nii want with the one large uniform? Surely he don’t want ta use it fer anythin’… indecent.” Miwa had that knowing look on her face. Hiro swallowed and busied himself with putting the uniforms back into the box.“I don’t know what yer talkin’ about. I was just makin’ sure all the uniforms were accounted fer is all.” Hiro knew he was a bad liar.“Uh-huh. Ya know, I don’t know if Sensei would gonna fit too well inta large.” Miwa raised an eyebrow at Hiro as his face went red. “Ah, I guessed right, yea?”“Ya might have…” Hiro mumbled. He closed the box back up and stood. Dust fell from his pants as he patted them. Trying to keep composure, he looked out the window. The sun was directly above the school. Naru and the other younger kids were out running around in the yard since it was afternoon break.“It would be interestin’, seein’ Sensei in this,” Miwa said. She held up the uniform and Hiro spun around to face her. She smiled and turned it over in her hands. “It comes with socks and a tie. Do ya think ya can get him inta it?”Hiro knew this was a challenge. Miwa was good at manipulating him in these kinds of situations.“What do ya want out of it?” Hiro asked. He crossed his arms and tried to appear in charge. It probably wasn’t working.Miwa circled around Hiro slowly. She was putting on a show of debating even though Hiro knew she already had an idea of what she wanted. She came to a stop behind him.“Me and Tama would greatly appreciate a commemorative photo of the resident pretty boy in this here uniform.”“You and Tama are stuck together like glue, aren’t ya? Why’s every scheme you make gotta include her?” Hiro didn’t want more people than necessary knowing about his less than pure bedroom thoughts. It was bad enough that most people on the island knew about his two month old relationship with Seishuu Handa.“Hey, Tama is more inta you two than me.” Miwa stepped to Hiro’s side and leaned into it. “If she got a picture of Sensei all dressed up, that would cover both of our Christmas and New Year’s presents for her. The girl would probably go nuts.”“You sure she’d keep it to herself?” Hiro knew he didn’t need to ask.“Of course! Old Tama is good at keepin’ her filthy obsessions secret… unlike somebody.” Miwa gave a grin and poked Hiro in the ribs.“I don’t have an obsession! It’s… just a thing… I blame Tama. If she wouldn’t of showed me them manga…”“Ah-ah, don’t blame her! You wanted to see them!”Hiro rubbed a hand over his face. “I didn’ want ta see them… She forced me to borrow them as soon as she found out I was datin’ Sensei.”“Naw, she told me that ya came a cryin’ ta her for help. Somethin’ bout needin’ info on how ta do things…”Hiro clapped his hands together. “Okay! I’ll get you guys the picture. Just stop it with the teasing.”“That’s ma boy.” Miwa gave a good punch to Hiro’s shoulder and pushed the uniform into his hands. Hiro took hold of it. “Don’t be afraid ta get a lewd one either. We ain’t sensitive to that stuff no more.”Hiro choked on his own spit as Miwa scooped up the box and exited the room with a laugh. Hiro looked down at the uniform. Even if he managed to get Sensei into it, which probably wasn’t going to be easy, where was he going to get a camera? He had lost his phone last week on a hiking trip with Naru and Sensei and had yet to go to the trouble of getting a new one.“Hey, Ma, ya home?” Hiro called as he entered his house. He slung his backpack off his shoulder and made his way to the kitchen. His mother was there, cutting up carrots. “Hey,” Hiro said.“How was school? Did ya do average again today?” She gave him a quick smile before grabbing an onion from a bowl on her right.“I told you, I been tryin’ harder and doin’ better.” Hiro went to the refrigerator and took out a soda. He cracked open the top and stood next to her. “So there’s this school project comin’ up…”“Mhm?”“We have to take pictures of wildlife and stuff. Ya know, for a scrapbook type a deal. Gotta make a whole poster board thing.”“Sounds interestin’.”“Yea. Only you have to use yer own camera. But I don’t exactly got one that I can print pictures from.” Hiro switched the can to his other hand and wiped the condensation on his shirt. “I don’t suppose I could borrow yours?”Akiko stopped cutting vegetables and looked at her son. “Ya know all we got is that old Polaroid. I don’t think there’s even much film left. Besides, haven’t ya been savin’ up money? You could get one. It would be nice ta take with you once you graduate.”“Ma, that money is for later in life. I’m gonna need as much as I can get. Anyways, I only need to take a few pictures. The rest I can find in books. Please?”With a sigh Akiko put down her knife. She stepped around Hiro and left the kitchen. Hiro smiled to himself. Step one complete. He had honestly thought he’d have to do more sucking up to his mom. She must be in a good mood today.She returned a couple minutes later, camera in hand. “There are six pictures left. Good enough?” She held it out and Hiro took it.“Yea, it’ll work. Thanks!” Hiro went to his room and closed the door.The camera looked easy enough to operate. Hiro held it up and peered through the viewfinder. He moved to bring his bed into view and tried to imagine Sei on it. There was a knock on his door.“Hiro, ya left yer bag in the hallway,” his mother said. Hiro set the camera down and went out to get his bag. He brought it into his room and took out the sealed uniform. Where could he hide it? Nowhere in his house was safe. His parents had a habit of snooping through his things. Last year they had found a condom that Miwa had planted and he had to go through a giant embarrassing and awkward lecture about sex.Hiro took a deep breath. That had been the worst day of his life.“Where to put this then…” He could probably hide it somewhere over at Sei’s house. There were plenty of secret places there. But then Naru might find it, and that would turn into a disaster. Hiro shrugged and put it back in his bag. It was probably safest there. He took a look at his homework before ignoring it. He turned on his gaming console and sat cross-legged on the floor.“You’re late,” Seishuu said as Hiro came into the room.He held up a big bowl of champon. “Sorry. Ma ran out of pork so I had to run and get some.” Hiro set the still warm container on the table next to the paper Sei was drawing on. “What ya writin’?”“Nothing in particular.” Sei gently put down his calligraphy brush. Hiro went and fetched a few chopsticks from the kitchen. “No bowls?”“Figured we could just eat it as it is. If ya don’t mind?” Hiro asked and sat down next to him. Sei hummed and took a pair of chopsticks. Hiro peeled off the plastic wrap and they dug in.Hiro slurped some of the noodles and made conversation. “Naru visit today?” He thought about how to approach the other more… delicate subject. It wasn’t going to be easy.“Yea. She and Hina were already over here and made a complete mess of the calligraphy room again. I don’t know how they managed to catch so many beetles…” Hiro laughed and Sei smiled. Sei took off the bandana on his head. He ran a hand through his hair. “The little fiasco did give me a bit of inspiration though. As soon as they left I was able to make pretty decent work. Still needs some fixing of course.” Sei picked up a piece of cabbage and pushed it into his mouth with a pleased sound. “I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of your mom’s cooking. Make sure to thank her again for me.”Hiro watched as Sei’s face took on a dreamy, almost sleepy look as he chewed. It was somewhat arousing. “So you sent them home? They won’t be comin’ back tonight?” Hiro found himself asking, still staring. Sei glanced at him and swallowed.“Yea, they left about an hour ago. I told them I had important work to get done and they seemed to respect that. I think they’re learning.” Sei grinned and picked up another chunk of cabbage.“Sensei,” Hiro folded his hands in his lap, “how do you feel about pictures?”“Hmm? What kind of pictures?”“Like… of yourself.” Hiro picked at the frayed edge of his board shorts.“I guess I don’t mind them. I mean, the ones in magazines are my least favorite. But the ones you take with friends are fine. Why?”“Maybe we could get our picture taken together? As, ya know, a two month marker or somethin’ like that.” Hiro looked at Sei.“Oh.” Sei bit his lip, face turning red. “Yea, we could do that. Ah, but I don’t know where you would get your picture taken on the island.”“My mom let me borrow her camera,” Hiro said and perhaps a little too enthusiastically pushed away from the table. He knelt at his bag that he had left by the door and took the camera out. For a second he stared down at the outfit that was at the very bottom before he shook his head and stood. “It’s a little dated, but it should still work fine.”Sei set down his chopsticks as Hiro sat next to him again. He watched as the younger man flicked up the flash and pressed a small button. “How are we going to take a picture of ourselves with that? Should we wait until tomorrow and get someone to do it?”“Naw, it’s easy to take one. See, you just do this,” Hiro turned the camera around and held it out at arm’s length with his left hand, “then you get real close.” He slid his free arm around Sei’s waist and pulled him into his side. “Now we look at the lens and smile.” Hiro tilted his head until it was against Sei’s. “Say cheese.” Hiro gave a big smile and pressed the shutter button. There was a bright flash and the sound of something mechanical happening inside the camera. Hiro brought it back and they watched as it slowly spat out the picture.“Now what?” Sei asked. Hiro pulled the picture out and stared at it. After a minute their faces brightened into view. Hiro grinned and handed it to Sei.“See? Was easy and it looks good.” The picture had turned out just as Hiro had thought it would. It was slightly off center but both their faces were still in it. Sei’s face held a bit of an awkward smile but Hiro found it adorable. “It’s a one and done type of deal. That’s the only copy of the picture it makes. Kinda convenient, don’t cha think?”Hiro snapped his mouth shut when Sei gave him a confused look. He set the picture down on the table. “Convenient? How so?” Sei asked.With a tight grip on the camera Hiro looked everywhere but at Sei. “Ya know. For lots of things. Ah, because it prints it out right away it means you have the picture instantly. That kinda thing is really handy.”“It is, but that isn’t what you meant.” Sei stared at him.“Come on Sensei, I didn’t mean anything… indecent…” Hiro scratched at his neck and gave a quick look at Sei. The other man didn’t seem at all impressed. Damn. He was just digging a hole now. “The champon’s gonna get cold. We better finish it.”“Hiro, don’t think you can get out of this by changing the subject,” Sei scolded. He sounded just like Hiro’s mom.With a big sigh, Hiro finally looked at Sei. “I meant that this kind of camera is good for takin’ certain types a pictures. The kind of private ones that ya don’t want kids seein’. That’s all I meant.” Hiro turned back to the table and distracted himself with eating.Sei was quiet. He watched Hiro eat. The only sound was of slurping noodles. When there was only a little bit of broth left in the bottom of the bowl, Sei spoke.“Well… I guess I’m not completely… opposed to it…” Hiro looked at him with wide eyes. “I mean, I can see the value in having those types of pictures.” Sei tapped his fingers against the table.“Yea?” Hiro turned to face Sei. “Since we’re on the topic, what other types of stuff do ya like?”Sei rolled his eyes but looked a bit flustered. He shot a quick look at the door, as if Naru or someone else was going to run in at any moment. He lowered his voice a fraction. “What, you want to talk about kinks?”Hiro hummed and put a hand on Sei’s knee. “Better now than later, yea?” They had been pretty open with each other these past months, but they hadn’t really talked about things they liked and wanted to try.“Well,” Sei started, watching Hiro’s hand closely, “I think I’m pretty normal when it comes to that stuff. The times we’ve done it have been good… right?”Hiro remembered. They had all taken place here, at Sei’s house, basically in the middle of the night because finding a time without anyone around (mostly Naru) was nigh impossible. It was also difficult to stash things like lube because everyone and their mother was known to rummage through Sei’s house (including Hiro).Knowing he was taking too long to respond Hiro smiled and nodded. “Yea, I’ve really liked it.” He found Sei’s hand and gave it a squeeze. “We should do it again some time.” He pressed against Sei, their sides touching. Hiro tipped his head and gave a lazy kiss to Sei’s cheek. “Some time being… tonight?”Sei shivered against him and his hand gave a squeeze back. He seemed a bit hesitant to say anything at first, but finally said, “If you want to. I’ll go get the things.”Hiro let him go, and while Sei went to the kitchen (he kept important items in high cabinets where Naru couldn’t reach) he took out the uniform from his bag. Still sealed, it looked very innocent. Hiro chewed on his lip. Was Sensei even going to go for this kind of thing? It seemed impossible, but Hiro was going to try.He found Sei’s futon in the closet and rolled it out. Hiro slid the uniform underneath it before he went to clean up the dishes they had used. After he had rinsed out the bowl and chopsticks he came back into the room to find Sei sitting on the futon, his back to the doorway.“Sensei?” Hiro asked. Sei started and looked over his shoulder. “Did you get everything?”“Y-yea.” Hiro walked over and sat down next to Sei. The older man always tended to get a bit embarrassed at first whenever they did anything intimate. “So, aren’t you going to tell me about any of your kinks?” Sei asked, surprising Hiro.“…There might be one…” Hiro paused and waited. He could either say it straight or try to come up with a more appealing phrasing. Neither were looking that attractive right now.“Well?” Sei asked, clearly becoming impatient.“Maybe there’s two things. One of um might be worse than the other though,” Hiro made an act of glancing at the camera on the table a few feet away from them. Sei followed his gaze over.“Oh,” was all Sei said. Hiro watched him carefully. Sensei wrung his hands together and stared at his lap. He was obviously nervous. But the worse was the come. Hiro took a deep breath.Hiro reached around under the futon and grabbed the outfit out. He set it in front of Sei. “This here’s the other one.” Hiro put his hands on his thighs and nodded. Now all he had to do was wait.The longer Sei looked at the packaged uniform the more red he became. It looked like he had gotten a fever and Hiro was starting to become concerned. But then Sei swallowed and looked hesitantly at Hiro.“Do you like these two things… together?” Sei asked.“Not always but… I think you’d look really good in the uniform… an’ if ya wanted to we could do a trade of pictures. One of you fer one of me?” Hiro knew he was really going out on a limb here. Making these kinds of deals wasn’t something he was all too great at. “Only if you wanted. No pressure.”Sei picked up the uniform and ripped into the plastic with his nails. He was unnecessarily gentle in the way he took out the shirt and skirt. The socks and tie came next as Sei laid everything out before them. Hiro was about to ask again if doing this way okay but Sei stood up. He untied his jinbei and slid the top off his shoulders. Without hesitating he took off the shorts as well. Hiro held his breath as he watched Sei strip down until he was naked.Bending at the waist Sei picked up the skirt and slid it on. It sat low on his pointed hips. The bottom of it rested at mid-thigh. It seemed a bit tight but Sei showed no signs of discomfort. He picked up the shirt and pushed his arms through. A band of stomach skin showed, even more so as Sei secured the tie in place. He rolled on the socks and stood in front of Hiro with his hands at his sides.Sensei looked somewhat different than Hiro had imagined, but he was still able to pull the outfit off well. Hiro didn’t want to miss his chance so he grabbed the camera and lined up the shot. He lowered it a fraction, so that the top of the picture would start just above Sei’s nose. If he was going to have to give this picture to Miwa and Tama then he might as well attempt to protect Sei’s identity as much as possible.After the flash went off and the camera released the picture Sei knelt on the futon. He pulled at the skirt, trying to get it to cover more of his legs. Hiro set the things down. He went to remove his pants but Sei brushed his hands away.“Your shirt first,” Sei said. Hiro nodded and took it off. He balled it up and was about to throw it when he noticed that Sei had picked up the camera. Hiro grinned and leaned back on his hands. Sei shuffled closer and lifted his left hand up. He stuck out two fingers and pushed them against Hiro’s lips. “Open.” Hiro let the two fingers into his mouth and gently bit down on them. He looked directly at the camera lens. The flash went off a second later.Sei tried to move his hand away but Hiro took a hold of it. He pulled Sei forward until the man was in his lap, skirt riding up.“Hiro, wait a second-”“That was unexpected, comin’ from you.” Hiro plucked the picture from the camera and gave it a look over. “Pretty decent. You better cherish it, Sensei.”Sei huffed and put the camera down. He snatched the picture from Hiro. “Same to you.” He set it on the floor off to the side before he was promptly pulled down on top of Hiro. The younger man kissed him and ran his hands up Sei’s thighs. He slid them around and stopped just underneath Sei’s ass where he pressed his nails in. Sei hummed against his lips, grinding down onto the front of Hiro’s shorts. The lightweight material did nothing to conceal the hard bulge that Sei rubbed against.Without Hiro having to prompt him Sei moved back and reached into Hiro’s shorts. He passed the boxers and took Hiro’s cock out. With a groan Hiro broke the kiss and pressed his lips in a line down Sei’s neck.When he got to his shoulder Hiro said, “I want you to ride me.”Sei tightened his grip on Hiro’s cock and took in a quick breath through his nose before swallowing. “All right,” he agreed.“I can see ya better that way,” Hiro added, bringing up a hand to push Sei until he was sitting straight. “Lube.”Sei grabbed it and handed it to him. He kept working Hiro’s cock over until precum beaded at the head. He swiped it up with a finger and brought it to his mouth. Hiro watched him lick his finger clean before he snapped open the cap of the lube.Once his hand was coated in too much Hiro brought it back to Sei’s ass. He didn’t bother holding the skirt aside. It was bound to get dirty no matter if he was careful with it or not. Sei stared down at him and Hiro gave him a smile as he curled a finger against his entrance. He felt Sei relax against him and take a deep breath. Hiro pushed it in.“Every time we do this it gets easier,” Hiro teased. Sei closed his eyes and grit his teeth, face red.“Don’t imply that I’m getting loose. I’ll send Naru over to your house with a jar full of beetles.”Hiro laughed and his middle finger joined his index. “I wasn’t implying nothin’, kohai. Promise.”Sei’s eyes opened wide. He seemed at a loss for words for a moment as Hiro stretched him carefully. But then he dropped his head and leaned back over Hiro. Their fronts pressed together and the hand on Hiro’s cock tightened. Sei pressed his mouth against Hiro’s ear. “You better not be, senpai. Or I’ll cut you off.”Hiro added his ring finger and spread them as far as he could. Sei hissed into his ear. Hiro gave a lick at Sei’s neck before he said, “You’d miss my dick too much.”Sei sat back up, looking both pissed and aroused. “Shut up,” Sei huffed. He let go of Hiro’s cock and instead went for his own. It was already tenting the skirt so he pulled it back. Hiro let him get in a few strokes before taking out his fingers. He took Sei’s hands and moved them away, earning a frown in response.“No touching yourself.”While Sei stared numbly at Hiro’s chest, the younger man pulled his shorts and boxers down as far as he could with Sei on top of him. They made it to his ankles before he was able to kick them off and lay back down. He grabbed the lube once again and this time handed it to Sei.They had done it just like this once before, minus an outfit of any kind. Hiro watched as Sei squirted the gel onto his hand. The shirt was starting to cling to Sei’s body, the thin white fabric showing off his erect nipples. Hiro licked his lips and reached up. He pinched one, causing Sei to let out a surprised little yelp. His hand was promptly smacked away before Sei slid his covered hand over Hiro’s cock. Sei lined the head up with his hole and sunk down.As a distraction, Hiro rubbed his hands along the tops of Sei’s thighs. He brought them up along Sei’s stomach and chest, only stopping briefly to rub over his nipples. At his shoulders Hiro dug his fingers in. He made the path to Sei’s neck where he stopped. Sei had taken him in fully and was sitting still, adjusting. Hiro stared at his face until Sei looked at him.“Yer real sexy like this,” Hiro said, embarrassing himself only a little. He brought his hands back down to Sei’s hips. Hiro gave a small test thrust upwards. Sei bent forward, letting his forearms box in Hiro’s head, their lips centimeters apart. He raised his ass enough for Hiro to almost slip out, just the head remaining inside. He stayed perched like that, looking into Hiro’s eyes.Hiro brought his knees up and feet firmly on the futon. He shoved his hips upwards, more forceful this time. It caused their lips to press together. Sei closed his eyes and moaned into Hiro’s mouth. The slick heat of Sei’s ass spurred Hiro on. He drove into him, hips much like a piston as they worked to keep constant contact. Sei bit at his lips, saliva sneaking out the corner. Hiro moved his tongue into Sei’s mouth, both of them panting.Sei was too quiet for Hiro’s liking. He pushed Sei’s hips back and down, minimizing the space between them so that Hiro was able to roll up into him. Sei pulled his head to the side, clenching his jaw. A whine still made itself heard and Hiro grinned.“Is that the spot?” Hiro asked. Sei didn’t respond. He held himself ridged, letting Hiro push into him. “You gotta tell me or I’ll stop,” Hiro threatened. Sei made a noise somewhat similar to a tsk.“That’s the place, senpai,” Sei ground out, eyebrows furrowed. Hiro gave his nose a kiss as a reward. The skin was hot beneath his lips. Hiro came to the realization that Sei was hot all over. He pressed a hand to Sei’s chest and pushed him up, causing Sei to grunt in annoyance. Hiro looked down and saw that the skirt was still bunched up, held in place by Sei’s hard cock. It was starting to drip. Hiro resisted touching it. He wanted nothing more than to jerk Sei off until he was cumming, but he had other ideas.Hiro worked into Sei, watching his pretty cock bounce with each push in. Sei bit into the palm of his hand, and Hiro knew it was in an effort to keep quiet. Hiro grabbed the hand and pulled it away, instead pushing the fingers into his own mouth. Sei looked down at him, mouth open. A particularly hard thrust had the older man lurching forward. He caught himself on Hiro’s knee and arched his back.Sei was yanked forward, this time by his tie. Hiro wrapped it around his hand and brought his boyfriend back to him. The position was back to being just right as Sei moaned. He was starting to look a little desperate now. Hiro tightened his hold on the tie. He moved Sei’s fingers from his mouth so he could ask, “You close?”Sei nodded, breathing heavy. His cock was trapped between their bodies. Hiro thought that was a bit cheating, but allowed it since he didn’t want Sei to move. Hiro kissed him again roughly, licking into his mouth, swallowing a whine. He palmed at Sei’s ass, spreading a cheek to one side so that he could feel his cock slide into the stretched hole.Abruptly, Sei turned his head to the side. “Hiro, that’s too much-”“Then cum,” Hiro interjected. He slowed his thrusts until they were lazy. Sei gave a dejected noise as Hiro let himself slide all the way out. He shoved two fingers in again though, quickly pressing them forward as much as he could with what angle they were at. Sei’s body gave a twitch in response as Hiro pushed down.Sei managed to lift himself up and Hiro watched as a gush of cum drooled out from the head of his cock. It slid down the side in an almost steady flow as Hiro kept his fingers pushing in a steady heartbeat motion. Sei tilted his head back and scratched at Hiro’s knee. His chest was heaving and Hiro knew it would be over within a minute if didn’t stop.Hiro pulled his fingers out of Sei’s ass. Still dazed, Sei was easy to push onto his back. He lay sprawled on the futon, legs spread wide. His cock dripped freely onto the skirt. Hiro picked up Sei’s sock clad feet and rested them over his shoulders. Sei gazed up at him, hair a mess, bangs plastered haphazardly to his forehead with sweat. He was starting to look thoroughly fucked, but Hiro wasn’t done with him yet.Lining himself up, Hiro pushed his cock back into the wet heat of Sei’s body. With more control Hiro was able to keep Sei in one spot. He thrusted in a few times, Sei tilting his head to the side, long neck on display and Hiro wanted nothing more than to bite at it and leave as many marks as he could. But he stayed kneeling, Sei’s lower body off the futon and eagerly receiving him.Hiro stared down at Sei intently. He listened to their harsh breathing and the slick sound of Sei’s ass taking in his cock. Hiro let out a pleasant hum and dragged his eyes downwards. Sei’s skirt was a wet mess. Dark patches scattered all over, new ones pearly white. Hiro purposely kept his thrusts low, teasing Sei. The man below him chewed on his lower lip, hands digging into the futon.Seeing Sei laid out taking him so well had Hiro shivering. He did nothing to warm Sei that he was going to cum. He kept up his steady thrusts throughout until the wave of orgasm started to fade. Hiro dropped Sei’s legs to the floor and pulled out his cock. With cum still freely flowing from the tip he jerked himself off over top Hiro’s thighs. He smeared each of them with the sticky substance, painting them until they were shining wet.Sei tried to sit up, probably to get a better look, but Hiro crouched down in front of him and took a hold of his cock. It gave a twitch in his hand and he held hard to the base. Hiro took it into his mouth and hummed in satisfaction when Sei brushed a hand into his hair and tugs. He went down as far as he could before sliding back off. He lapped around the outside, effectively cleaning it and leaving behind his saliva. Hiro jabbed his tongue into the slit and it left Sei groaning and trying to bring his legs together. His wet thighs rubbed into Hiro’s shoulders.Hiro slid a hand down and teased at Sei’s sensitive hole. It easily took in a finger and Hiro moaned at how wet it was inside. He put his lips around the head and sucked. The hand in his hair pulled painfully but Hiro was determined. He pushed one more finger alongside the other and curled them up firmly and kept the pressure. Sei gave a half-shout that sounded like the start of his name before there was hot cum spilling into Hiro’s mouth. He swallowed it until Sei was shaking and pushing at him with his feet.Hiro reluctantly pulled off. He moved around until he was next to Sei. On his side, Hiro propped his head up with a hand and looked at his boyfriend with concerned eyes.“What?” Sei huffed, fanning at his face with a hand.“Okay? I didn’ go too rough on ya, did I? Sorry if I did.”“I’m fine. Perfect really. I just didn’t think you had it in you… surprised me a little.”Hiro grabbed Sei’s waving hand. Sei looked at him with a raised eyebrow. “Of course I did. You drive me crazy, Sensei.”Sei rolled his eyes but smiled. He watched as Hiro brought his hand to his lips and kissed the back of it. He let it go a moment later and sat up. Sei closed his eyes and focused on calming his breathing.Hiro picked up the camera and looked through the viewfinder. Sei looked like a right mess and it was that certain type of beautiful he always was right after Hiro had had his way with him. Hiro pressed the top button and the flash went off. Sei opened his eyes and gave him a frown.“I thought we agreed on one picture each,” Sei complained as the camera spat out the photo. Hiro took it and examined it.“I know, but it would be a big waste not ta document you in that outfit.” Hiro gave Sei the sweetest smile he could muster. It seemed to work. Sei shook his head and closed his eyes again.“Get me some water.”Hiro did as he was told.“Here,” Hiro said. He shoved a brown paper baggie at Miwa.They were behind the school after all the classes had ended, out of sight. Hiro put his hands into his pockets as Miwa eagerly opened the bag and took out the picture.“Aww, how come his face is cut off?"“Because I don’t trust you and Tama with that picture. Just be happy that ya get one at all!”Miwa hummed and put the picture back into the bag. She closed it up carefully and grinned at Hiro. She held out a hand. Hiro hesitantly took it.“Pleasure doin’ business with ya,” Miwa chanted. She let go and walked away, a little skip in her step.Hiro watched her, a sour taste in his mouth. Under his breath he muttered “She’s a devil woman, that’s what she is.” He turned in the opposite direction, off to get a new cellphone.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



