



Power Cut - jin_pa_ca - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Power Cut
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/14294865.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Namjoon | RM/Kim Seokjin | Jin, Min Yoongi | Suga/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Kim Taehyung | V, Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, Park Jimin (BTS)
Additional Tags:
Smut, Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot, student!taehyung, Student!Jungkook, Romance I guess, Anal Sex, Anal Fingering, Blowjobs, handjobs, Over the Knee, Spanking, powercut, taekook, side ship Yoonmin, Side ship Namjin, taekook smut
Stats:

        Published: 2018-04-12
        Words: 6776
      

Power Cut
by jin_pa_ca
Summary
Jeongguk and Taehyung hate each other.Well, actually, they don’t hate each other, they just really, really want to fuck each other.And a power cut on a school trip gives them the perfect chance to do so.
Notes

          See the end of the work for  notes




Power Cut

"You're a fucking asshole, you know that?" Ouch. Actually, no. Nothing Taehyung said could affect Jeongguk anymore, it was all just words. It was the hits that hurt, direct punches to the jaw and nose, sickening cracks echoing in the courtyard of the school and gut-wrenching kicks to the stomach that made them double over with groans and grunts of "fuck you" or, "is that all you got?".Really, it needed to stop because this was just getting ridiculous."Bite me, shithead." Jeongguk spat back with an equal amount of venom, Taehyung's eyes narrowing and steps coming closer until the younger's back was slammed against a school locker. It was a little late; most of the boys from the private school had gone to their apartments or dorms on campus. But not Jeongguk and Taehyung.Jeongguk had been studying late with his teacher for his upcoming English literature exam, and Taehyung had been loitering around the corridors, in search of something fun to do.Jeongguk, as always, was an easy target.They both packed equal amount of punch, venom and sexual tension that the whole school - even the teachers - knew about by now. It was agonising, the question always hanging in the air whenever they got into one of their unprovoked little spats. 'When will they finally get together?' Of course, the boys ignored it and continued to argue, bump each other in corridors, glare at each other in shared classes and beat each other senseless until one was so badly injured they had to be saved by one of the close watching betters and taken to the nurse.Yes, they were betted on.It never mattered to the boys who won, really, it was never about the competition. It was about denying feelings and instead throwing punches, as if violence against the other proved to be the only solution to get rid of the late night moaning thinking about each other.It was sad, truly, but neither of them stopped, neither of them cared how much the other was hurt. Jeongguk dived in for another hit to the cheekbone, Taehyung stumbled away and instead attempted to deliver a punch to Jeongguk's stomach but missed, a sharp elbow digging into his own stomach in return.Taehyung groaned, and not in the way Jeongguk had been hearing in his dreams the past few months of them doing this. He grinned slyly down at Taehyung, who's arm was clutched around his stomach as he heaved and spat blood into the marble floor of the school."You piece of fucking shit. I hate you, I hope you rot in Hell." Taehyung growled, looking up at Jeongguk through hooded eyes sheltered by thick blood-caked lashes. Jeongguk knew he was breathtaking, stunning, even. Hell, even Taehyung knew. He was probably one of the most good looking boys in the school, and it gave Jeongguk great satisfaction upon hearing that sickening crack of bone and the splatter of blood against the floor, ruining his perfect face. He vaguely wondered about how good Taehyung would look like this but with his pretty lips wrapped around his cock instead of spitting insults.With a soft chuckle, Jeongguk, stepping away from Taehyung, taunted,"Better go back home, one more hit and you're out." It was a warning, a special thing they did at the end of a fight they knew needed to be finished before something worse happened. Sometimes, one of them would do something so irritating that the other would get so angry they'd smash in their face until they were physically dragged away by either another pupil or even the headmaster at one point - as previously mentioned.They were the talk of the school: 'The fighting idiots who obviously love each other but choose to beat each other up over it instead". To some, they were the prefect couple. To Taehyung and Jeongguk, they were each other's desires and punch bags. Mostly punch bags. To teachers, they were nuisances and disasters waiting to happen, having been in detention more times than either of them had thrown a punch. Once someone had asked Jeongguk why they hadn't fucked yet. Of course, Jeongguk laughed it off, showed him his knuckles after their last fight and carried on with his quiz.Taehyung and Jeongguk were getting impatient with each other, both waiting for the next move - and not a hit. Who'd break and confess first? There was only one way to find out, and they'd wait, both stubborn."Better luck next time, Kim. You're getting sloppy." Jeongguk teased, smirk full of mirth and coyness, and Taehyung chuckled darkly."Until next time, no-lip." Jeongguk's brow twitched at the nickname, but he smiled devilishly, having one of his own for the blond,"Counting on it, Big Ears." And that was that, Jeongguk and Taehyung parted ways and headed for their dorms, prepared for another night full of breathy moans and grunts, their names on each other's lips as they come only by their own hands, wishing it was the other's.~~~~~"Yah, Jeongguk-ah, stop fooling around and fuck the guy already." Jimin's voice filled the silence of the living room in their shared apartment, Jeongguk only managing a small sigh as he mumbled irritably,"I don't want to fuck him." Though he knew it was untrue, he couldn't fool anyone, not even himself. Jimin, with a roll of his pretty eyes, smacked Jeongguk upside the head and gave him a warning glare."You've been at it again, Kookie I swear-" Jeongguk cut him of with a short sigh,"I'm fine, Jimin. I'm fine." The younger, however, touched a cut on his busted lip where he knew Taehyung's knuckles had caught him earlier that evening, looking down at the ground with what he hoped wasn't disappointment. Disappointment that Taehyung hadn't made the first move, hadn't fucked him or hadn't even stopped beating him up, though Jeongguk knew that was his fault too.He knew he was being stupid, like when they got into one of their stupid fights and stupid Taehyung pushes him to the ground and straddles his hips, heavy body weight pressing against where Jeongguk needs it most... Taehyung leans down and it would be so, so easy to push up and kiss him square on the lips. It would be all teeth and tongue, almost as violent as their fights, teeth clashing like fists in faces and moans less like feral growls.Jeongguk didn't realise how much he needed it until he was back at the dorm with Jimin, cock straining in his boxers and cheeks flushed with colour, blood dripping from his pouty bottom lip."You don't look fine. And neither does Kookie Junior." Jimin lazily commented on Jeongguk's dick, but the latter was so tired and so used to feeling this that he didn't care what Jimin saw. He was covered in blood and bruises, and had a visible hard-on in front of his best friend. It may have been difficult to believe, but it wasn't the first time. Jimin had grown accustomed to it and learned to live with it, but it didn't mean he liked it. "Go and fix your fucking problem, you jackass. I don't want to see that, Jesus." Jeongguk sighed, got up with a struggle and waddled stiffly to his room at the end of the hall.It didn't take him long to come, maybe a minute tops. He was so hard and he imagined it was Taehyung touching him, whispering dirty things into his ear as he bit his sore knuckles to keep the noises down. Jimin could probably hear him yelp out his enemy's name as come splattered on his stomach and up the expanse of his chest, exhaustion suddenly overwhelming him as he fell asleep in that position. He regretted it the next morning, however, when he woke up sticky, bloody and with another hard-on from his previous wet dream.~~~~~"A fucking hotel, are you serious? That literally means we'll be rooming with assholes. Or we'll be next-door to some assholes. And we'll have to be around assholes more than completely necessary." Yoongi grumbled from beside Jimin, his hand stroking the younger's thigh softly, a stark contrast to the harsh words spilling from his mouth."Calm down, babe. Maybe they'll let us room." Yoongi snorted,"After catching us fucking in the supply closet? I think not." It was silent for a while, Jeongguk wasn't listening to anyone. Music was far better than listening to bratty eighteen year olds talking abut how rich they were. Wow, it was 'Barbie Princess Charm School' all over again. Jeongguk cringed visibly.They were going on a two day stay out in Seoul, and Jeongguk's mom forced him to go even though he wasn't living with her anymore. 'It'll be fun' she said over the phone, and Jeongguk wanted to argue but no one argued with his mother. So, he packed his shit, paid the money required and partnered with Jimin and Yoongi. He couldn't have felt less awkward sitting with them when they were so obvious with each other. It was quite disgusting, so he let his mind drift to letting Taehyung fuck him as he listened to 'Hangsang'.The trip was for people who chose business, which Jeongguk, Jimin, Yoongi and even Taehyung did. Yes, Taehyung was going on the trip too. And he'd never admit it, but secretly he wanted to room with him. And by room he meant fuck him. Oh, he'd 'room' him so good...Luckily, Taehyung was sat near the back of the bus with his asshole friends and Jeongguk near the middle with Jimin and Jimin's boyfriend. Yoongi was a great guy, really. Funny, sarcastic, charming and actually really caring when he wanted to be. But the best thing about him was that he made Jimin happy. So even though Jeongguk was quite overprotective at first, he learned to live with the fact that Jimin was not a child. He certainly wasn't, with all the ridiculously naughty things he and his boyfriend did together.After another hour or so of driving, the bus stopped at the hotel. It was dark, and Jimin looped his arm through Jeongguk's and held onto Yoongi's hand as they made their way inside.Once in reception, the head of business took his rooming arrangement plan out of his backpack and read out the list of names. Four people were rooming in each one, and Jimin, Yoongi, Jeongguk and a well known upperclassman called Namjoon were put together. They grouped up, said their quick hello's before queuing up for the elevator."Apparently we get to go to the beach. I wonder if we'll find some crabs." Namjoon commented as they finally got inside, receiving an odd look from Yoongi who was so obviously tired and sick of everyone's shit. He was about to say something snide in response but Jimin squeezed his hand in warning, and the elder snapped his mouth shut. Jeongguk chuckled softly to himself at how taken they were with each other and felt a pang of jealousy in his chest. He wanted that.The elevator finally dinged and Jeongguk was the first out, lugging his suitcase down the corridor to the shared room: 331.Jimin let out a quiet 'yay!' and they all clambered in, quickly debating on rooms as Jeongguk took the closest to the bathroom, Namjoon the biggest and Jimin and Yoongi grumbled about having the two children's single beds."Namjoon, you take the kids' room." Jimin whined, nearly falling over his suitcase as Namjoon shrugged apologetically and went inside, locking the door behind him. Jeongguk smiled at his friend, bid goodnight and went to read a book in his room in nothing but boxer briefs. He only lasted for another twenty minutes before his head collapsed on the soft pillow and he was out like a light.A few hours went by, and Jeongguk was awoken by Jimin's yelling. He assumed he and Yoongi were fucking or something and tried to clog his ears with his pillow, but then heard more yelling from people outside the room and a loud banging on the door. Jeongguk got up and blearily navigated his way through the darkness of the room, nearly crashing into the window beside his bed. Huh, that's strange. No streetlights. The knocking increased and he heard Yoongi yell irritably,"Alright, asshole, I'm coming." Jeongguk followed the voice and collided with Namjoon, who's hair was mussed and was wearing a t shirt and crab themed shorts."Is that Seokjin?" He mumbled, then looked down at Jeongguk, "sorry, by the way." Then he moved away. Jeongguk thought everyone must act weird when having just woken up. He found Jimin freaking out behind Yoongi, who was angrily conversing with one of the students up the hall. A green light was flashing outside the room. Was he going crazy?"Hyung, what's going on?" He asked sleepily, meeting Jimin's eyes. Jimin sighed and peeked over his boyfriend's shoulder."Babe, what's going on?" Jimin asked him, and Yoongi cut off the conversation to reply,"Powercut." Then resumed.Jeongguk moved past Yoongi out the door, earning a small glare from the boy who was arguing heatedly with him and into the middle of the corridor where green lights were flashing all the way down to the last room. So that's why there weren't any streetlights...Namjoon came out next, whistling lowly beside Jeongguk. Jeongguk couldn't see him very well, but he could see the bright pattern of the crabs on his shorts. They stood beside each other for a minute, both looking for someone in particular."Joonie? Oh, hello." A tall boy Jeongguk had never seen before turned up, wrapping his fingers around Namjoon's hips and tugging him forward for a kiss. Not knowing what the actual fuck was going on, Jeongguk turned in the opposite direction and he was glad he did because a moment later, an angry looking person stormed towards him and grabbed his wrist, dragging him away. The grip was bruising on Jeongguk's skin but it didn't matter because a moment later he was thrown into another room down the hall from his own and slammed against a wall. From what he could make out, it was the same facial structure as Taehyung's, and he was sure he could make out that cut Jeongguk had left on his brow. But to be certain, he mumbled, still tired,"Taehyung?" Who he assumed was Taehyung chuckled and yes, he was right. Definitely Taehyung. Jeongguk swallowed when a hand trailed up his stomach and grasped his throat, fingers tight but not enough to stop airflow."This is the perfect opportunity for me, Jeon. Know why?" He asked, voice deep and Jeongguk shuddered, choosing not to reply. Taehyung laughed and pressed closer, the feeling of skin on skin coaxing a small moan from the younger as the voice moved to his ear and growled, "because I have you right where I want you." Jeongguk squeaked when hands landed on both shoulders and shoved him down onto his knees. "Take 'em off, pretty boy." Taehyung said, and Jeongguk wanted nothing more than to suck Taehyung's undoubtedly amazing cock, but he wanted to have a little fun first."Nah, I'm good." Taehyung took a moment to reply, and the younger couldn't see what his expression was but he could feel the sneer on his face when a hand gripped Jeongguk by the hair and pulled back, his throat bared,"I don't give a fuck whether or not you're good, suck my dick now or I'll ram it down your throat instead." Taehyung's voice was scarily steady and rough and Jeongguk groaned when his face was pressed against his enemy's bulge. (Oh god it's starting fml) Jeongguk rubbed his cheek against it a few times before he was pulled away and made to take off Taehyung's boxers. From what he could see, Jeongguk was right. Taehyung was fucking huge and the younger mentally slapped himself. Was he actually going to do this? It seemed like he didn't really have choice though, because Taehyung then said, "do a good job and I'll give you a reward. Suck." Jeongguk, not even giving a shit anymore, didn't have to be told twice as he wrapped his lips around Taehyung's length, earning him an almost relieved sigh, as if he'd been waiting for this his entire life.Well, Jeongguk knew he had been waiting for far too long and was determined to give Taehyung the best blowjob he could muster. He was a little irritated that he couldn't look up and see Taehyung's face contorted in the no doubt intense pleasure he was receiving from Jeongguk, but still he gave it everything he had and even groaned when his cock was pushed down his throat, choking as his nose brushed against the skin under his bellybutton. He tasted salty and felt heavy and hot on his tongue, but it was so Taehyung he didn't even care. It wasn't like he could complain anyway.Taehyung's hands moved down to grip Jeongguk's hair and pulled, tugging the younger's head backwards and forwards slowly, savouring the sweet warmth of Jeongguk's mouth. Jeongguk could hear soft moans in the darkness and let Taehyung do as he pleased, revelling in the praise he received like,"Such a good boy, that's it. So tight, baby, oh God, right there- suck right t-there-" Taehyung whined out, head falling back and throaty groan slipping past his lips as Jeongguk did as he was asked. The pace remained slow, Taehyung moaning out orders like 'graze your teeth there' or, 'lick the underside'. The elder's hips bucked at a particularly hard suck, fingers tightening in the strands of Jeongguk's hair. Eventually, Jeongguk got bored of the continuous demands and resisted the hands trying to guide his head back. Instead, he slammed it forward and deepthroated Taehyung, choking on the lack of air.Taehyung yelled out, fingers squeezing again and coaxing a long whine from Jeongguk. He felt good for making Taehyung moan so loudly, felt powerful knowing that this man with a hard exterior was now putty in this hands. Determined to do it again, to make Taehyung weak at the knees and calling out Jeongguk's name, he pulled back and sucked at the tip briefly, tongue digging into the slit (OH MY GOD I HATE THAT WORD SM) and then taking the rest of him in, swallowing around Taehyung's thick cock. (whY) Taehyung groaned lowly again, the noise similar to a growl and Jeongguk's satisfaction was short lived as he was yanked off and pulled up, knees weak and trembling under his weight.Leaning on Taehyung's firm hands, the elder dragged him to what he assumed was a couch and threw him rather unceremoniously into it without a warning."Hey, asshole what-""Finish that sentence, I dare you." Taehyung growled into his ear, so close Jeongguk could feel the warm breath fanning against his goose-bump riddled skin.Close, but not close enough.Jeongguk was painfully hard in his boxers and was mindlessly rubbing his thighs together, seeking at least a little friction to relieve the sweet ache. His stomach was coiled tight, heat flaring in his lower abdomen and cheeks, ears blazing red and eyes drooped as he managed to catch sight of Taehyung's silhouette in the darkness of the empty room."T-Taehyung?" He mumbled, grimacing at the squeak in his voice as footsteps approached. Jeongguk was expecting hands to cradle his face and lips to press against his own, but instead something small landed on the space beside him and a firm hand gripped his hair once more, yanking it backwards to bare his throat to his enemy. - well, was he really his enemy anymore? Was he his enemy in the first place, or just his little obsession? - He yelped in surprise, a pang of pain shooting through his scalp as Taehyung said, voice calm and even but deep and sending a shiver down Jeongguk's spine,"I'm in control here, baby. You belong to me. I told you to be a good boy and follow my orders, but you disobeyed me. And now I'm going to have to punish you." Jeongguk was at a loss for words, but managed to whimper out as Taehyung's lips kissed a line up from his collarbone to his jaw where he sucked a mark into the heated skin,"B-but... you told me I was a g-good boy..." Taehyung chuckled at that, finding amusement in Jeongguk's helplessness and probably revelling in it, the asshole. The elder began to pull down Jeongguk's underwear until the garment fell to the floor and his ass was bared to the darkness of the room. He shivered."You were a good boy, Kookie, but then you were naughty. Over my lap, baby boy." Jeongguk hesitated visibly, though they couldn't really see each other. He was grateful, because his face was probably the very embodiment of shame and embarrassment. Why was he letting Taehyung do this? For all he knew, this was some sick joke and he would end up dying or something. His thoughts were cut short when a bite was delivered to his shoulder, a high-pitched yelp falling from his lips as the hand still in his hair pulled him down to Taehyung's chest. "It would do you well to do as I say now, Jeongguk. I don't want you to make this harder than it already is." A sharp slap was delivered to his left ass cheek and he jolted forward, falling into place on Taehyung's lap. Another came, on the right just as the elder whispered in his ear, "got anything to say, baby?"Jeongguk was whimpering and holding onto Taehyung's bare thighs, fingernails digging into the skin as he trembled like a rabbit caught in the headlights. Another slap and he cried out, voice high as his cock twitched at the sudden burning sensation."N-no." He replied bitterly, trying in vain to grind his hips against Taehyung's thigh. The latter tutted, right hand kneading the sore skin of his cheeks."Shame." He hit him three more times, each harder than the last and Jeongguk was sobbing now, writhing in a blinding mixture of pain and pleasure."T-Taehyung... p-please...""Oh, so you do have something to say. Please what, baby boy?" Jeongguk moaned at the nickname and Taehyung's fingers traced down his inner thigh, only barely touching. "Is this what you want, Kookie?" He asked when his palm grazed Jeongguk's hard cock, (sacrifice me) drawing a quiet whimper from the younger. Jeongguk resisted the urge to push his hips down, and nodded his head frantically. "Words, baby boy. Use 'em. Where's that smart mouth of yours, hm?" Well, now it was time for Jeongguk to swallow what little pride he had left as he sagged in Taehyung's hold and moaned out breathlessly,"I-I want you to t-touch me, Taehyung. P-please, I need it s-so bad it hurts... hng- please..." Taehyung seemed pleased with the request and gripped the base of Jeongguk's cock, stroking it in circles with his thumb."Hm, I don't know. I don't think you've learned your lesson." He said, voice dark and low in Jeongguk's ear as the younger let out a barely contained whine, face falling into Taehyung's thigh. Taehyung gave him a few quick pumps, enough to let Jeongguk lose himself in the pleasure as he sighed out a little moan, that turned into a squeak when another harsh slap was unexpectedly delivered to his ass again. Tears drifted from his eyes as Taehyung chuckled at his misery, smacking him again, hard enough to make Jeongguk's back arch and his head to fall back as he cried out and choked after another came right after.Taehyung spanked him five more times until Jeongguk's ass was raw, though neither of them could see it.The younger trembled uncontrollably in Taehyung's lap, whimpering and snivelling at the horrendous sting."There we go baby, all over. Now hyung will give you what you want, OK?" Jeongguk almost sobbed out with relief but didn't really have time to as he was picked up by strong hands and moved to lie down on his back, his eyes just about catching Taehyung's silhouette above him, fingers dragging down his chest and to his thighs, where they squeezed warmly. "Want me to touch you, baby boy? Want me to stroke your little cock, huh?" Jeongguk honestly felt like he was being patronised, but the stirring in his gut rid his thoughts until all he could really think about was Taehyung's wonderful hands pumping him into climax. It would be a nice change than having that fist in his face, but he wasn't about to say that."Ah- T-Taehyung please..." Jeongguk begged, hands gripping his biceps as Taehyung grinned from above him and leaned down to capture their lips in a heated kiss, teeth clashing and tongues colliding. It was hot and sinful and a small distraction from the fire swirling in his stomach and suddenly it was overwhelming and Jeongguk squirmed away with a small whine, thrusting into the air for just a little friction. Luckily, Taehyung seemed to understand and pushed his hips down, leaning back and then down to kiss where his thumbs were and lower towards his thighs."Hyung's gonna touch you now, OK, baby?" Jeongguk nodded his head so quickly he was sure it was going to fall off. He was about to yell at him to hurry up when Taehyung's hand suddenly wrapped around Jeongguk's length and squeezed, the younger's back arching off the couch with a tiny moan.Taehyung, eager for a different reaction, slid his hand up the wet shaft, (ewewewewewewew) fist tight on the upstroke.Jeongguk all but cried out, Taehyung's hand like fire scorching his skin and burning him to the core but it was so good all the younger could do was hold tight as Taehyung started up a pace, quick enough for Jeongguk to buck, hard enough to feel a slight wet squeeze that sent his mind reeling and eyes into the back of his skull."Taehyung, please... more..." Taehyung's fist tightened, Jeongguk's moans spurring him on as he quickened his pace and leaned forward to breathe hot air onto his chest. Kissing the skin softly, Taehyung chuckled when the younger bucked and whined, hands flying to grasp his hair for purchase but it wasn't enough. He needed more, needed Taehyung inside him, needed him pushing him to the edge and then stopping just as he was about to spill, needed him gripping his hips so hard bruises formed, needed his fingers tangling in his hair roughly and pulling.He needed to see the stars every fanfiction mentioned when Taehyung's glorious dick smashed into his prostate and made him come, yelling his enemy's name. (jesus tAKE THE WHEEL)It seemed as though his wish was going to be granted soon enough, the quickening of Taehyung's hand stroking his member was plenty of an indication as he rushed to finish Jeongguk off. He moaned uncontrollably, throat becoming hoarse with his noises and harsh breathing, tripled with the dick sucking from earlier. He was nearing the edge and Taehyung knew, dragging his thumb over the particularly pleasurable vein on the underside of his cock (you'd think id be used to it by now but no) and then wrapping his beautiful lips around the head and sucking enough to bring forth Jeongguk's orgasm in a rush, a wail catching in his throat as he thrashed and pulled at Taehyung's hair hard enough to rip it out of his scalp."Oh, T-Taehyung!" He cried out, back arching off the sheets and muscles tensing hysterically as he let out a long keen, head thrown back in ecstasy.Taehyung swallowed it all, and then sat up, still stroking Jeongguk through the aftershocks of his climax. Whimpering from the oversensitivity, he reached forward clumsily and grabbed Taehyung's firm arm, squeezing and trying to push him away and thankfully he did as the younger finally managed to breathe. By now, their eyes had adjusted to the darkness, managing to just about see each other's facial expressions and the matching blackness of their irises."So good for me, baby." He praised, ducking down to place a sweet trail of kisses from the junction between his neck and shoulder up to his lips, where he bit down on Jeongguk's lower lip, grinning at the whine it drew from him. "So beautiful. Such an angel. That's what I'll call you, my little angel." Jeongguk moaned, too fucked out to even reply with a coherent sentence so he just nodded weakly and let Taehyung's hands roam downwards to the middle of his thigh, where he dug his thumbs into the flesh and rubbed circles almost lovingly, earning a small sigh from the boy underneath him. "Are you alright for me to fuck you now, angel?" He asked, voice warm and husky beside his ear. That's right, Jeongguk never finished him off because of his greed.He wasn't sure, but he wanted to let Taehyung come too so he nodded slowly and trembled visibly when a hot and sweaty hand wrapped around his limp cock again."A-ah, T-Tae..." He gasped at the way Taehyung stroked him gently, running his fingers up the length and brushing his thumb over the tip a few times, each making Jeongguk shiver. The small gasps soon turned into soft moans when he began hardening again and soon enough he was bucking hungrily into Taehyung's awaiting hand.The elder placed a kiss on top of the head and then got up and ran off to his room. Jeongguk impatiently waited, breathing heavily through the ache in his hard cock. Taehyung finally returned with what he assumed was a condom."I'm going to prep you real good first, OK, angel?" Taehyung asked, reaching behind him to grab the bottle and lubing up all four fingers on his right hand. Jeongguk nodded his head with a small breathless hum but Taehyung slapped his ass in warning, earning a sharp cry from the younger as he wriggled in discomfort. He was still sore, still sensitive but Taehyung growled out nonetheless, "verbal confirmation, sweetheart." Jeongguk moaned and turned his head to the side for Taehyung's lips as they sucked yet another mark into the skin."Y-yes please, T-Taehyung." He muttered quickly, eager for the feel of Taehyung's long fingers inside him. Not that he'd ever imagined that before, of course.Taehyung took his time, letting the tip of his middle finger circle the rim (fookin gross mate) until it was well lubricated and by then Jeongguk was full on complaining. Something Taehyung didn't appreciate very much."Stop whining, angel, or I'll stop. Do you want that?" He asked, tone menacing and Jeongguk's eyes shot open and he shook his head from side to side vigorously."N-no, please Tae I'm... I need your fingers, I need you inside me right now, please before-" He broke off in a low moan as Taehyung pushed his finger in, preening in the 'thank you's' he got from the younger."So polite, baby. Such a good little angel for hyung.""Y-yes, g-good only for hyung..." Taehyung groaned at that and curled his finger, Jeongguk's keening and back arching making him smirk. This was what he wanted, the fiery boy who packed a hell of a punch pliant and needy under him as he fingered him open, ready for a good fucking. Oh, he couldn't wait, swallowing the high moans with a searing kiss that left Jeongguk breathless and needier than ever. They broke apart, Jeongguk's hips rutting into Taehyung's hand.He groaned when another finger was added, stretching him deliciously. He practically lost it when said fingers scissored and then curled upwards, a throaty sound ripping from his throat as his stomach clenched."Tae- oh God please..." He exclaimed, breaking off into a long moan when Taehyung touched that one place inside him that made him buck and claw at the elder's back. "M-more, Taehyung, ngh..." He trailed off again at the sound of Taehyung's breathy chuckle, mocking and low near his ear."So greedy. Such a greedy boy, aren't you, angel?" He teased, adding yet another finger and oh God it was too much. Jeongguk could already feel another orgasm building up and his hands gripped at the nape of Taehyung's neck, fingers tangling in his blond locks. "You gonna come baby? Gonna come already without me even touching your cock?" Jeongguk whined in reponse and tossed his head to the side, Taehyung's hand reaching forward to entangle his fingers in the younger's soft hair. "You can come when I say so." He stated, removing his fingers - careful to brush over Jeongguk's abused prostate on the way out - just as Jeongguk was about to come. He wailed in frustration, leg smacking into Taehyung's side and he didn't even regret it when the elder leaned forward and pinned his arms above his head, snapping at him, "I wouldn't do that, angel. You best behave or hyung's gonna have to punish you again. Now..." He stroked up Jeongguk's sensitive side, and the latter shivered at the warmth of the touch. "Are you gonna be a good boy for oppa?" Jeongguk's eyes flew open, shock evident on his features but Taehyung only laughed."W-what?" Taehyung kissed along Jeongguk's jawline, lips soft against him and he hummed quietly."Call me oppa, Jeongguk." He demanded, and Jeongguk's defiance perked up again, as well as his cock because why wouldn't he want to call him oppa? He just wanted to see how far he could push this asshole. Jeongguk hummed in thought, moving away from the elder's lips."No." He said, which was clearly a mistake but he didn't care because angering Taehyung? Double the fucking."Somebody wants to be spanked again, I see." Taehyung murmured, voice low but not really threatening because Jeongguk just laughed out loud and gripped Taehyung's bicep. He knew he wouldn't, Taehyung probably just wanted to get it over and done with because by God, his cock felt so heavy on Jeongguk's thigh. Jeongguk was proven wrong though, because his lack of reply and submission resulted in a stinging burn on his already sore ass cheek."Ah- Taehyung what the he-" He creid out, and then again after another slap. Tears sprung in his eyes as another came on the inside of his thigh and he whimpered, covering his face with his hands."What do we say, baby?" Jeongguk was burning inside and out. Taehyung's hand raised again but this time Jeongguk was quick to reply,"I-I'm sorry, oppa, please... please fuck me now... I-I won't do it again." His hips jerked, seeking Taehyung's touch but nothing came until the latter finally replied, voice gravelly,"Hands and knees, angel." Jeongguk, though a little hesitant, didn't have to be asked twice as he shakily sat up and turned around, Taehyung's hands bracing themselves on each of his hips before one moved up his spine in a featherlight touch, stopping at the space between Jeongguk's shoulder blades and shoving him down until he was on his elbows and his face was buried in the cushion.Taehyung made quick work of rolling on the condom and then lubing himself up before lining himself up at Jeongguk's entrance."You ready, baby?" Jeongguk whined out a noise of affirmation and Taehyung laughed, gripping Jeongguk's hip harder, fingers sure to leave bruises. "Beg for it, angel. Beg like the little slut you are." Jeongguk moaned and trembled, his dignity and pride having been thrown out the window and nothing to lose anymore. Besides, he'd wanted Taehyung since the first day they started throwing punches. He remembered that headband around his head, hair soft and falling over the band and lips perfectly shaped along with his lean body and his hands- oh his hands, Jeongguk nearly came at the thought of Taehyung's wonderful hands, than had created so much more pain than pleasure. The pain was worth it though, after all this time of fighting for no actual reason, simply because they irked each other to no end and only really wanted to get into each other's pants.And now finally Jeongguk was at his enemy's mercy, bent and broken and sore and bitten and so goddamn hard and why wasn't Taehyung moving yet?A hand gripped Jeongguk's hair and yanked roughly, his head snapping back with a short yelp of shock,"Beg, Jeongguk. Don't make me ask a second time." The younger swallowed heavily but finally replied,"P-please, oppa, I need it so bad it hurts... ah please, oppa... hah, fuck me I want your- ngh... want your thick cock inside me please..." (ewewewewew cringe) He begged, voice high and whiny and God, he sounded so pathetic but he really didn't care because Taehyung finally pushed in and it took everything in Jeongguk not to let his knees crumble. And not to come right there and then."Oh, God, angel you're so tight..." Taehyung groaned, kissing the younger's shoulder tenderly before fully seating himself inside and Jeongguk was panting. It was uncomfortable, the stretch almost unbearable as he rocked back into Taehyung's hips."M-move, oppa, please." The elder complied without a word and moved back slowly, until the head was right at the entrance and then slammed back in with a force that knocked Jeongguk forward with a breathy moan. He did it again, harder this time and Jeongguk cried out. "F-faster, please..."Taehyung rammed into Jeongguk at an alarming speed, the sound of his moaning making Jeongguk's dick harden further, if that was even possible. He ached all over, body taut and hips slamming back into Taehyung's, the sound of skin on skin enough for any passerby to hear but they didn't care. Jeongguk had been waiting for this moment for months, why would he care? The burning intensified in his lower abdomen until it became a scorching fire and he was close."Ah, o-oppa please, I'm s-so close p-please. M-make me come, please..." He whined, Taehyung's hand from his shoulder blades dragging up his back and swooping under Jeongguk's stomach to grab his leaking cock."Then come angel, oppa's right behind you." Taehyung slammed into him and jerked him off, and Jeongguk howled when he reached his orgasm, high and loud enough for possibly the whole hotel floor to hear. Maybe even people down on the street below.Taehyung continued to thrust into him, his member rubbing against all the right places and catching Jeongguk's prostate over and over again until the oversensitivity made him sob and tears run down his cheeks but he didn't care because he was nearing another climax just as Taehyung's groans turned louder and more frequent."Oppa, m-make me come again, please..." Taehyung laughed above him, stroking at the younger's half hard dick again and kissing a trail down Jeongguk's back until he was coming again with a silent scream, intense pleasure making his vision go black and limbs to melt as Taehyung thrust once, twice and then spilled his load into the condom, calling out Jeongguk's name just the way he'd been hearing it in his dreams.They stayed like that for a while, until he finally pulled out and took Jeongguk by the arms, lifting him up to a sitting position, head slumping on his shoulder."Baby. Angel, we should get going. They're gonna be wondering where we are." Taehyung murmured into his enemy's hair, leaving a soft kiss on the crown of his head when he got an incoherent mumble as an answer. Taehyung stood up with Jeongguk's bodyweight (which admittedly wasn't much) and dragged him towards the door, unlocking it and walking out into the empty hallway with Jeongguk's sloppy and heavy steps beside him. "Sorry if there's any bruising, by the way." Jeongguk laughed and Taehyung smiled at the beauty and pure genuineness of it."You never apologised before." He said, and then Taehyung laughed and they both laughed together as they reached the elevator and prepared an explanation as to why they were forty five minutes late and not dead.But Jeongguk didn't mind though, nor did he mind the bruising forming on his neck and thighs and hips, or the fact that his hair was still ruffled and he smelt of sweat and sex.He couldn't wait to tell Jimin.Looked like he wouldn't have to be jealous of anyone else's relationship ever again, as Taehyung leaned down with a boxy smile and kissed his temple warmly.Yeah, he didn't mind one bit.



Afterword


End Notes
I’m so sorry. Im dedicating this story to my best friend Lucy, she’s a leg and i love her sm xxx


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



