



Pride - lebunnylub - Pu falsehiroakademia
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Pride
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/16844359.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
F/F, M/M
Fandom:
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Relationship:
Bakugou Katsuki/Kaminari Denki, Minor or Background Relationship(s), Sero Hanta/Todoroki Shouto, Kirishima Eijirou/Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu
Character:
Kaminari Denki, Bakugou Katsuki, Kirishima Eijirou, Sero Hanta, Ashido Mina, Yaoyorozu Momo, Jirou Kyouka, Yoarashi Inasa, Utsushimi Camie, Todoroki Shouto
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - No Quirks (My Hero Academia), Bisexual Kaminari Denki, LGBTQ Themes, Homophobia, First Time Blow Jobs, Frottage, Nipple Play
Stats:

        Published: 2018-12-04
          Completed: 2019-05-03
          Chapters: 39/39
        Words: 108440
      

Pride
by lebunnylub
Summary
Kaminari is going to his first Pride and he hopes it'll be a day of many wonderful firsts. Maybe a cute boy will tell him he's cute, maybe he'll get to win some prizes. This is his one day to be out so he wants to make it memorable.




Chapter 1



“Fuck, I can’t believe I’m going!” Kaminari cheers while he sits in the back seat of his best friends car. Kaminari of 17 is finally going to his first pride. He’s been in the closet his whole life except to his two close friends Sero and Mina and now for one day he can be as out as he wants to be and hang around with LGBT people and have the best day of his life, that’s his plan and maybe he can kiss a cute boy. Kaminari is hella bisexual but spending his whole life pretending he only likes girls it’s about time he let out that suppressed boy love he’s been storing up.It’s an overnight trip since it’s quite the drive and they came up with a little lie for their parents. Mostly Kaminari’s parents needed to hear they were doing something for school like going to a certain museum for a certain project and they were going to be staying with a friends family. Mina having turned 18 this summer was their ‘guardian’ for this trip and she got the hotel and they all chipped in for it. “Dude, you’re going to have such a blast but don’t go to far away. You’re a cute twink and someone will steal you.” Sero says with a laugh and Kaminari kicks his seat.“I’m not 10! And I won’t run away from you guys, you’re the only people I know here!”“We’ll be meeting Kiri and his friend so this will be exciting! They’re both gay!” She chimes and Kaminari’s heart flutters. He’s going to hang out with other gays, he already loves them.“Aren’t you going to be on a hunt for some lesbians?” Kaminari asks with a grin and she rolls her eyes with a smile.“I will be happy to meet a girl if I can~” She says with a grin and turns the radio up.When the three find a place to park Mina drags Kaminari off to the gas station bathroom. They go in together since it’s just one room and they get changed. Kaminari puts on the crop top of the Bisexual flag and puts his hair back in a small ponytail. Mina gets on some tight short shorts that she wasn’t allowed to leave the house in and lesbian pride crop top. “Let me do your eyeliner!” she beams happily and fishes out the make up from her bag.“Uhh, how long does that stay on?” If he’s going back home tomorrow then he can’t show up with any kind of makeup.“It can wash off tonight don’t worry!”He gulps but with a nod he lets her go for it. It’s subtle, just a small black wing for his eyes but it does make his gold eyes stick out and he’s lowkey loving it.Once they’re done they walk out and Sero is there to spray them down with some body spray. “Kiri is coming to meet us!”“With his friend?” Mina asks and Sero nods with a smile before looking the two over. “You guys are hot!”The two smile up at their taller friend and give each other a high five. A car pulls up next to theirs and the three look over with wide eyes. It’s a red honda civic, beat up because it’s used but they’re teenagers in high school so no one is pulling up in a tesla. A man with red hair gets out with a big smile and waves.  “Sero! My man!” He hurries over to hug him and Sero hugs back with a laugh. “Kiri! Just on time! I told you about them but here’s Mina and Kami.” Sero says with a smile. “He-” Kirishima hugs Kaminari tightly before he can finish his sentence and the blond can almost faint feeling such strong muscles wrapped around him.“Nice to meet you dude! You look great! Smell good too!” Kirishima says as he pulls away and he turns and quickly hugs Mina who squeals happily and bounces on her feet which prompts him to pick her up and spin her. “You both smell good!”“We were getting dressed up in the bathroom so we sprayed down afterwards.” She explains and he laughs before turning to his friend who was standing just a few feet behind them.“Oh, this is my best friend Bakugo! Bakugo say hi!” Kirishima says and steps back to sling his arm around his shoulder. “Nn.” The ash blond teen says and seems to be just fine frowning at them.Mina pouts and approaches him with a scrutinizing gaze. “Not very friendly arentcha?”“You’re friends of a friend, we don’t need to be all buddy buddy.”“Dude, come on.” Kirishima whines and squeezes him tighter. Bakugo glares at Kirishima before pulling the other off him and getting some space. “Hi, I’m Bakugo, just don’t touch me.”Bakugo looks to Mina who is still pouting then his eyes lock with Kaminari’s. The smaller male feels frozen where he stands, Bakugo’s eyes look down his body for a second before he turns around to go back to the car to get his backpack. He takes his shirt off which prompts Kirishima to do the same for some reason. Kaminari supposed big muscular guys like them just liked being shirtless on nice sunny days. They did look hot as hell anyways and Kaminari supposed there would be a lot of shirtless studs and he’ll get to appreciate it.“I guess we’re ready to go then.” Sero says with an uncomfortable smile and Kirishima joins his side as they walk towards their destination.“Sorry about him, he warms up though. He just had a fight with his mom this morning.” Kirishima says softly so Bakugo doesn’t hear him. “Ah shit, that sucks.” Okay, Sero can give him a second chance but if his mood doesn’t improve then they might not be able to become friends. He glances over his shoulder to see Kaminari walking beside Bakugo, he can see Kaminari glancing over at the other every once in a while and smiling like an idiot. He nudges Mina who is on his other side and tilts his head back quickly and she takes the sign and looks back at the two. Bakugo doesn’t seem to notice Kaminari’s glances, he looks rather bored as he’s walking with the group to their destination and that’s about it. She hums and looks over to Sero with a concerned smile.“We can’t let him crush on him.” She hisses under her breath and Sero shrugs.“Can’t tell him what to do y’know.”“What’s going on?” Kirishima asks and Sero tilts his head back for him, the redhead looks and of course it’s more obvious when he does it. His eyes are wide and it makes Kaminari stare back at him and smile awkwardly.“Hey uhh...we almost there?” Kaminari’s noticed other people walking down the street adorned with many colors and amazing outfits so they must be close to their destination.“Oh yeah man! It’s up ahead! The parade is going to start soon and they got this park they deck out with games! It’s awesome!”“It’s like a huge gay festival!” Kaminari cheers with excitement and Kirishima smiles happily and cheers with him.The group hurry and soon find themselves in a crowd of people, all dressed up, some covered in hundreds of rainbow ribbons or beads or just anything bright and cheerful. It makes Kaminari smile and he reaches to tug on Sero’s shirt as they make their way through the crowd and just to make sure they don’t get separated he takes Bakugo’s hand so they can form a human chain. Once they get to where Kirishima is leading them they meet a few other girls, and Kaminari thinks they’re the most beautiful girls he’s ever seen! Everyone seem’s so beautiful here, everyone has happy smiles and this easy going atmosphere all around. The blond feels giddy and squeezes the hand he’s holding and remembers whose hand he just grabbed. He looks back at Bakugo who looks at him before scowling and pulling his hand away.“Sorry man! Just didn’t want to get separated! This is pretty cool right? This is the first time I’ve been to an event like this and I’m loving it already!”Bakugo glares before walking past him to stand next to Kirishima and Kaminari feels his little bisexual hurt flutter and ache. He’s probably dating the redhead is what he thinks then smacks his face because why the hell does the voice in his head sound disappointed!? Kaminari is here to have a good time, he’s not here to get a boyfriend! When he goes back home it’s back to being straight!It makes him feel a bit sad but he knows today is his today to be the bisexual disaster he always wanted to be. He greets the two girls, Jirou and Momo, they all hug and it just fills his heart with so much love. Everyone is accepting and loving and sweet and he just wants to bottle up this feeling to keep it by his bedside. He inhales deeply and Kirishima looks to him with a big smile. “Your first time! It’s a lot to take in! Keep by us so you don’t get lost in the crowd! You’ll be tempted to stop and stare at everything for sure.”“Thanks man!” Kaminari says with a bright smile. He feels like they’re treating him like a kid but he can admit he does find himself staring at a group of friends who are dressed up and there’s a gang of superheroes walking around that he can’t help but stare at as well. A warm hand takes his and he looks to see it’s Kirishima pulling him along and he blushes, a bit in embarrassment but partly because a cute guy is holding his hand. Kaminari takes Mina’s hand and the group form a human chain once more until they’re standing in front of what Kaminari can only figure out to be a large parade float.Someone steps out and they start to give a speech, it’s about the history, the fight and all that pride stands for. Kaminari’s eyes get watery and Mina leans over to his ear. “Don’t worry the eyeliner is waterproof.” She gives a wink and Kaminari laughs.He looks over to Kirishima who is teary eyed as well then over to Bakugo who is holding Kirishima’s other hand. He looks solemn, less angry but almost sad and it makes Kaminari wonder what’s going through his head at this point. Kirishima looks to him with a smile and Kaminari smiles back.“It’s pretty inspiring, huh?”“Yeah! Since I’m not out it’s really cool to know that other people are going through the same stuff.”“Oh yeah? Bakugo isn’t out yet either!” Kirishima says with a small smile and gives Bakugo’s hand a squeeze. The ash blond scowls and looks away which makes Kaminari feel a little put off by the cold shoulder. They should be brothers in arms but Bakugo doesn’t seem interested in becoming friends. Kaminari wants to make friends with as many LGBT people as possible since they’re the ones that will understand him the best. He’s thankful for Sero and Mina but Kaminari is a social butterfly and would enjoy having many more friends to share the struggle with. Sometimes he feels like he’s abusing their friendship with his crap and fear so if he had some other friends he’d be really grateful.The parade starts and everyone clears the streets and watches as each group goes by, it’s amazing, there’s performers and singers on some of them and some throw items to the crowd. Kaminari laughs when he catches a cheap plastic necklaces and someone has a t-shirt launcher which is what he really wants.“Sero! Sero! Come on! That height isn’t just for show! Catch one for me!”“What do you want me to do push people out of the way to get one?”“I mean-” Kaminari trails off when a shadow from the corner of his eye catches his attention and he looks to see Bakugo who jumped quite a few feet off the ground. He caught the t-shirt and landed gracefully with only a small grunt. People around him clapped and Kaminari was left dumbstruck as he stared at him in awe. Bakugo glanced to him and then took the shirt and unraveled it, he held it up and let out a small tch before tossing it to Kaminari. The blond who was still overcome with awe let the shirt hit his face and he came back to reality in time to catch the shirt from falling. He clung to it before looking it over and smiled fondly at it. “Too small for me.” Bakugo says and goes back to watching the parade. Kaminari puts it in his backpack with thr stupidest smile on his face and Mina comes over to him to hold him from behind. She rests her chin on his shoulder and hums happily. “I think he likes you~”“What? N-No way.”“No one jumps up like a gay basketball player to catch a shirt just to give it to someone else for the heck of it.”“He said it was too small.” He hisses back and she snorts.“It seemed like a medium size to me. He could fit in it okay and it’s a pretty awesome souvenir, no one would just give that away unless they like the person.” She reasons and Kaminari blushes and glances to Bakugo who is still holding hands with Kirishima and watching the parade.“N-Nah, it’s not like that. Maybe it’s his way of being nice since we’re both not out at home.”Mina pauses and she seems to mull over her thoughts, she squeezes around his waist as they watch the floats. “That’s a good start, still seems weird he’d show off like that. He was definitely trying to get your attention.”“I think he was trying to impress a certain redhead.” he answers softly, and smiles sadly. It’s not like he’s in love or even crushing that hard but it does make him feel a little down a hot guy is trying to impress some other dude. Kaminari wants to be flirted with, he wants other dudes to think he’s cute and talk him up. He supposes it’ll be like at school where he has to do all the flirting. Not that he’s opposed to it but he kind of hopes at least one hot guy will tell him he’s cute.Sero doesn’t count since they’re best friends and since it seems Kirishima and Bakugo are together it also won’t count.  He doesn’t want to force it but if he doesn’t get one dude to say hey cutie to him he’s going to cry. Okay, maybe he won’t cry but he’ll like sulk a lot. And that is a threat.The group watch in awe, glitter and confetti is shot out and Kaminari, Mina, and Momo run over to the area that’s getting hit the most. They come back a few minutes later covered in glitter laughing their asses off. Kaminari wipes his mouth since he can feel the glitter on his mouth and he doesn’t want it getting in. Mina shakes her head and a bunch of glitter flies out of her big fluffy pink hair. Sero, Kirishima and Kaminari bust up and now she’s going to be pixie for the rest of the day. The next float is the one made by drag queens and it’s basically a cat walk on wheels, they walk out strutting their stuff and everyone cheers loudly. Kaminari grins and looks to Kirishima.“Oh man, I need to meet one of them. I have like a 100 questions!”“Haha! Oh man! Like what?” Kirishima asks with a bright grin.“Like man, how much does that hair weigh! Do they walk in heels that big all the time, it looks like they do! They make it look so easy! How do they come out with those outfits!?” He’s so curious and Kirishima laughs and pats his shoulder.“I’m sure we’ll meet some drag queens at the park and you can ask. They love it when people take an interest, heck they might try to steal you away!”“Steal me away? Dude, haha what are you talking about?”“You’re really cute, dude! If you go over to them with those big eyes and that bright smile they’re going to lose it!”Kaminari blushes and although he told himself Kirishima didn’t count as someone he wants to be called cute by he can’t help but feel flattered. “Sh-Shut up, man!” He gives Kirishima a small shove and the redhead laughs at it before slinging his arm over the blond’s shoulder and pulling him in close. Kaminari can’t help but glance to Bakugo and their eyes meet for a split second and Bakugo looks away immediately. The smaller male gulps and pulls himself out of the others hold with an apologetic smile. “L-Look that next one is cool!” He says to distract them and they all return their attention to the parade so he doesn’t cause problems for the couple. This is supposed to be a great day, not a day where he creates drama for the new dudes he just met. Maybe he should give the shirt to Kirishima later? It might be for the best even though Kirishima is more jacked than Bakugo is by a bit, not that Kaminari is staring.Each float is amazing and soon the whole crowd trails behind the last float as they all make their way to the park. Kaminari is talking animatedly about his favorite floats which is almost all of them because they all had something interesting and cool on them that made them unique and wonderful. Kaminari was in love with all of it and it showed, his smile was infectious and everyone around him was smiling and laughing, the joy of the atmosphere around them helped and even Bakugo cracked a small smile. Kirishima caught it and smiled fondly but didn’t want to do anything to make it disappear so he didn’t say anything. It's best to let sleeping dogs lie as they say. He'll tease him later.



Playful Games



At the park they had a concert going, there were booths of all sizes along with games for people to play. Everything was pride theme’d in that there was at least the pride flag somewhere on any given booth and stall. Some had more lesbian decore, others more bisexual, others trans and many many more. It was amazing and just an array of beautiful amazing colors. It felt oddly like freedom, or like this place existed in a different realm itself.Kaminari soaked it in and ran off to the first booth he found interesting. He bought a few buttons he liked, one of the pride flag and the other the bisexual flag. He grins and puts them on his backpack with a twinkle in his eyes. His friends come over to him and Sero sulks. “Dude, told you not to run off.”“Oh come on, it was like a few feet away! And look!” He holds up his bag to show them with such a smile it’s impossible to stay mad.“Oh bless your little gay heart!” Mina says with a laugh and Kaminari pouts. “Hey man they have those mallets you hit!” Kirishima said tugging on Bakugo’s arm and the ash blond male looks over to it and squints.“And?”“See if you can beat me!” Kirishima says with a bright smile, he flexes and Bakugo rolls his eyes.“I can beat you easy.”“Haha, prove it man!” Kirishima says with a grin and Bakugo seethes at the challenge.“I will!” He snaps and stomps off towards the game and Kirishima looks to the rest and encourages them to watch. They all crowd around as Bakugo is handed the mallet and told to hit the metal plate on the floor. It’s connected to machine to count the amount of impact it takes and on the side is a poster of what you can win if you hit a certain number. Kirishima pulls Kaminari close to him and grins. “He’s actually pretty damn strong and hates losing so I might have my work cut out for me.” he says with a laugh and Kaminari nods with a smile as he watches.Bakugo hoists the mallet up and then with a roar of “Die!” he slams it as hard as he can and Kaminari isn’t sure if he’s hearing things but it’s possible the metal plate cracked or the ground underneath it did. The group claps and watches the numbers on the screen keep climbing higher and higher, they start slowing down and come to a stop. It’s over 2000 pounds of force and they all oh and ah at the number. He can get any of the first place prizes he wants but he shrugs.“Don’t want any of it.” He says with a roll of his eyes. “I’m just proving to shitty hair who’s the heavy hitter here.” He sends a glare to his friend and steps forward and hands Kirishima the mallet who takes it with a sharp grin, the two stare each other down and Kaminari can feel the sexual tension between the two.He leans over to Mina to whisper in her ear. “So, like...they’re definitely fuckin.”“You might be right.” She whispers back with an apologetic little smile, she was so sure Bakugo was into Kaminari but it’s hard to deny the chemistry between the two friends, possibly boyfriends.Kirishima goes up to the metal plate. The woman in charge resets the scale and just like Bakugo Kirishima hoists the mallet up high but unlike Bakugo he doesn’t make a point to yell die at it. He lets out a manly roar and slams the mallet to the ground and Kaminari swears he hears another crack and he’s sure it’s the ground this time. Everyone watches the number climb higher and higher and start to slow down. It’s so close to hitting Bakugo’s number but it falls short by just a few. It still earns him a first place item so Kirishima isn’t too upset by it. Bakugo smirks since he’s obviously the victor and puffs up his chest.“That’s what you get for challenging me.” He taunts and Kirishima laughs.“I know but that was fun! Hey Kaminari, Mina! This is your first pride right? Pick something out!” He motioned to the prizes they could get and the two hurry over to go look. There’s a few big flags but Kaminari knows he can’t just bring something big like that back home. He saw some chokers and he pointed them out to Mina who gasped and gave him a thumbs up. She got one that had a pink jewel dangling down and Kaminari got a plain black one with a buckle clasp. They were made of a comfortable material and he smiled as he got his phone out and took a selfie, Mina hopped in for a few photos and the others finally called them away.“Cute!” Sero says with a grin.“Thanks~” Mina says with a laugh then gasps when she see’s a face painting booth. It was run by drag queens which made sense considering they were all painted with their glamorous makeup. They all went over and stood in line, they had the options out on posters with the prices and Kaminari hummed as he thought about what he wanted. He didn’t want to just get something random, he wanted it to look cool and not just be smack dab on his face. He leaned forward to Yaomomo. “Whatcha gonna get?”She looks back at him and shrugs. “Well, they have quite the selection. I kind of wish to match with Kyouka~” she gets all blushy and flustered and Jirou turns to her with a small smile.“You’re such a lesbian.” Jirou says with a smirk and Yaomomo giggles cutely before taking her girlfriends hand. Kaminari watches them and his heart is filled with love and warmth for the happy couple. He’s a little envious and looks away before glancing behind and freezing when he locks eyes with Bakugo. He had no idea the other man was right behind him and it surprised him since Bakugo just had such an intense demeanor around him all the time. Kaminari smiles and clears his throat.  “So uhh, what do you want to get?”“Dunno. Don’t care.”“Oh...I was thinking i’d get the stars but like instead of on my face it’ll be behind my ear.” He motions and traces a finger down. “I’ll get a few small ones and they’ll kind of curl around my ear.”“Mn.” Bakugo seems entirely bored by his idea, he tears his gaze away and looks off into the distance.Kirishima nudges Bakugo from behind and the ash blond male snaps his head back with a scowl. “What?” He snaps.“Dude, be nice to him. This is his first time here and he should have a fun time. You’re being rude.”Bakugo glares at his friend for a bit before letting out a sigh. Kirishima smiles since he was able to break through to the other and gives Bakugo another little nudge forward and seems to encourage the other to make up and be nice. With a sigh and roll of his eyes Bakugo puts his hand on Kaminari’s shoulder which makes the smaller male jump.“Make it rainbow theme since you’re at pride and all. Don’t forget to wipe it off before tomorrow morning though.”“Oh! That’s a good idea!” Kaminari beams up at him and Bakugo can’t help but squint. “I’ll get one of each color of the rainbow then.”“Yeah, that’ll work.” Bakugo pulls his hand away from Kaminari’s tiny shoulder and shoves it back in his pocket.“So uhh...still no idea what you should get?” Kaminari asks and Bakugo inhales deeply.“Something simple. I don’t really want anything on my face.” He answers and he see’s Kaminari contemplating his choices. The blond looks at the options then looks back to Bakugo before an idea seems to pop in his head. His face lights up and Kaminari points to the rainbow heart.“Put that heart over your heart! It won’t be on your face and you’re shirtless and all so you have plenty of space to put stuff. Not that I’m saying you’re big or anything, I mean you’re bigger than me but it’s obvious from earlier you’re all muscle!” He does some fake flexing and Bakugo snorts but nods at the idea.“Fine, I’ll go with that.”“Really?” Kaminari asks wide eyed that Bakugo agreds and smiles even wider. “Cool! Yeah! You’ll look great!” The blond says with a small blush on his cheeks. He recoils after a second seemingly remembering something and shrinks away before turning around to talk to Yaomomo and Jirou who were up next.Bakugo looks to Kirishima with an expression that asks what the hell was that all about and Kirishima shrugs. He’s not sure why Kaminari suddenly went silent but neither was going to push the subject. The girls get half a heart on their cheeks, opposite cheeks so when they kiss the hearts would complete each other or look like they would at least.Kaminari goes to sit and the drag queen gushes over him instantly and Kaminari inhales deeply. “Can I ask you something?”“Of course sweet pea, whatcha curious about?”“Well! How much does your hair weigh? How much makeup do you go through in like...a week? Do you really glue your eyebrows down? Your makeup looks amazing by the way- do you wear heels all the time?”There’s a chorus of laughter from the other drag queens there and he feels a little embarrassed like he said something stupid but they are all happy and eager to answer his questions. He gets the stars painted around his ear and he’s done soon enough, he’s given a pat on the head before they all agree to take a selfie with him. He’s pulled into the group of them and it’s the most warm group selfie he’s ever experienced. He laughs and pulls away to let them get back to work but makes sure to thank them for their time and artistry. He hurries to his friends who were waiting for him and he inspects each of their tattoos.Sero got weed leaf on his cheek which Mina and Kaminari found hilarious. Mina got a unicorn on her cheek, it was all pink with rainbow glitter hair. Kirishima got some coat of arms looking thing on his chest. It was over his right pec, it had that shield look but it was colored in with the pride flag and had some swords that looked like they crossed behind it. Bakugo got what Kaminari suggested and it was rainbow heart over his left pec.“You guys look great!” Kaminari cheers and everyone decides it’s time to take pictures. Mina, Sero and Kaminari take a pic together but they’re all grouping together to take pics and show off the face paint they got. Kaminari has to do a pose to get some of his hair out of the way but he doesn’t mind when he see’s his photo and he’s kinda looking pretty hot. Once that’s done they go get some food and there’s plenty of food stalls to choose from. Kaminari is hungry for a burger so he finds whatever place is selling that and goes to that line. Bakugo and Kirishima go with him to his surprise but the two stand behind him, Kaminari orders his food and they give him a number since it’ll be a few minutes and he stands aside to wait. He see’s the two order and it seems Bakugo is the one paying for them. It really shouldn’t be a big deal but it just seems like further proof the two of them are together. Kaminari feels his heart wilt just a little and he knows he got a stupid crush at his first pride and it’s already being crushed into the dust. He sighs and gets his phone out to text Sero and Mina in their group chat.[kami] They’re definitely a thing guys[mina] boooo, they say something?[sero] yeah, they actually tell you they’re dating?[kami] Bakugo paid for their food, that’s super boyfriendy plus he’s not nice to anyone else.[sero] he’s kinda nice to you but we just met him and I heard he had a rough start that morning[mina] oh~? Gossip?[sero] idk what happened and don’t go asking him about it because Kiri told me in confidence but I guess Bakugo had a fight with his mom.[mina] oh shit, I wonder what about???[kami] he said he’s not out but maybe she found out he’s going to pride and didn’t want him to go?[sero] it could be but lets not make assumptions guys. Lets give him his space and hopefully at the end of the day he’ll be chill with us. [mina] he is loosening up a little!Kaminari heard his number called so he quickly pocketed his phone and walked over to get his food. He supposed he should wait for the other two but since they’re a couple it’s not like he should just third wheel with them all day. He decides to go find his friends and he’s happy to see Sero and Jirou eating on the grass nearby. He hurries over and sits down with a grin.“I’m starving!”“Then eat.” Jirou says sarcastically with a playful smirk and sips from her smoothie.“You’re not going to get real food?”“There’s plenty of nutrients and stuff in here to count as real food.” She says and takes a big long sip for affect. Kaminari smiles with the shake of his head and peels back the wrapping around his burger before digging in. It’s damn delicious and it hits the spot, he didn’t eat much of a breakfast and it was already past noon now so he was in need of some food. He was so nervous that morning it was impossible to eat then he was too excited to care he was hungry until now. He felt ravenous and ate eagerly like his life depended on it.“Hey dude! Why didn’t you wait for us?” Kirishima asks as he walks up to Kaminari and sits down next to him with a pout. It’s fake one but Kaminari feels bad all the same.“Oh sorry man!” He glances to Bakugo but looks back to Kirishima. “I was just so hungry! I didn’t eat much of a breakfast since I was nervous about going!”“Idiot.” Bakugo says plopping down beside Kaminari and the blond blinks a few times before deciding to laugh it off.“Y-yeah, I know it’s dumb but this is kind of a big deal for me. I was up all night thinking about it and barely got any sleep.”Kirishima laughs and gives Kaminari a small nudge. “I was kidding man, we weren’t hurt! I’m glad you weren’t running away from us!”“Never!” Kaminari insists with a smile before going back to enjoying his burger. When he finishes he leans back with a sigh. “So full.”“Their food is pretty good right?” Kirishima asks with a grin and Kaminari nods.“Yeah, it’s pretty good stuff! Way better than any fast food!”“They got a couple restaurants in the nearby cities. We have one near the school we go to, right?” The redhead asks Bakugo who just nods and eats his food.“That’s awesome! Too bad there’s not one near our school.” He gets his phone out to double check and comes up with the nearest one is an hour away. It’s sad but I guess that is what makes Pride so special, it has the coolest stuff. “Anyways, I’m going to go grab a drink. I’ll be right back.”Kaminari gets up with his bag and notices that Bakugo also got up. He looks to him with a raised eyebrow. “You thirsty too man?”“Nah.” He says and Kaminari is stuck on what to do or say now.“Oh, okay man.” That’s weird but he decides to walk off to one of the stalls that sells drinks and Bakugo follows behind him. Kaminari feels like he’s being stalked at the moment and he wonders if Bakugo is going to grab him and threaten him. Maybe he thinks he’s flirting with Kirishima and is going to beat him up. He stays silent and doesn’t look back at the other who he feels is staring at the back of his head. He asks for his drink and gets out his money but the man probably in his early to mid twenties grins and tells him its on the house.“R-Really!?”“Yeah, for a cute thing like you!” The guy says which makes Kaminari blush and smile like mad.“Oh thanks man!” Kaminari says reaching for the soda but the man holds it away. “I wouldn’t mind getting your number in payment though.” The guy says and Kaminari laughs awkwardly and although he doesn’t really want to give out his number he supposes since he’s getting a free soda out of it there’s no harm. He gets his phone out of his bag and unlocks the home screen, he’s about to ask for the others number when Bakugo shoves past him, takes the soda from the guy, slam some money on the table and pulls Kaminari’s arm.“Dude! Hey, what’s going on!?” He yells as he’s being dragged back.“Are you fucking stupid?” Bakugo hisses and stops abruptly before shoving the soda into the others chest.“What’s the big deal!? I was just talking with the guy!”“You’re so fucking naive, just because a guy calls you cute doesn’t mean you have to give him your number!”“He was also giving me a free drink!”Bakugo glares at him and seems ready to strangle him. “Look, pride is fucking awesome but there’s plenty of people here who just want to hook up. Do you want to hook up with him?”“No! Wait- he wanted to fuck me!?”Bakugo slammed his palm across Kaminari’s mouth and squeezed his face. “Tone it down, you dunce!”Kaminari nods and Bakugo finally removes his hand. “I can’t believe that guy wants to fuck me.” he whispers in utter amazement.“There’s plenty of dudes who’d love to fuck a twink like you.” Bakugo says with a small scoff and Kaminari brightens up as if that’s the best news he’s ever heard.“Really? Other dudes actually find me attractive? Awesome!”Bakugo palms his face and lets out a groan before shaking his head. “Are you really that stupid? Fuck, unless you want to hook up with a guy don’t go giving your number out even if they say they’re doing it just because you’re cute.”“Gotcha!” Kaminari seems to be smiling happily and opens his drink which starts fizzing up and shooting out. He gasp and tries to close the lid but it’s too late, it’s got on his shirt and on Bakugo. “Sorry man!”“Idiot.” Bakugo scoffs.Kaminari takes his crop top off since it’s got soda all over it and he see’s some of the soda got on Bakugo’s chest. “Here! Use my shirt to dry off! I’ll wear the shirt you got me!”He says before squatting down to get to his backpack. He pulls out the t-shirt that Bakugo had caught earlier and puts it on. It’s not as cute but it’s clean which is what matters. Bakugo with a sigh uses the crop top to wipe away the bit of soda before handing it back to Kaminari. The blond took it and held it as they walked back to their friends. He laid it out on the grass and sat with his friends.“Guys, you wouldn’t believe what happened!”“What? Your soda explode?” Sero asks.“No! I mean yes that happened but the guy selling drinks was totally hitting on me!”“Don’t sound so happy about it dammit!” Bakugo hisses. “He was trying to get you to sleep with him!”“Yeah! A guy! Wanted to sleep with me!” He seems so overcome with awe in the situation and it’s hard for his friends to be mad with him.“He didn’t touch you or anything?” Mina asks and Kaminari shakes his head.“Nah, just wanted my number but Bakugo pulled me away before I could give it to him.”“You were seriously going to give him your number?” Kirishima asks with a raised brow and Kaminari shrugs.“Well, I wanted to make other friends here that I could talk to…”“He wasn’t going to be your friend! He was going to try to get you to meet up with him at some shady hotel!” Bakugo snaps which earns a pout from Kaminari“You don’t know that!” Kaminari snaps back.Kirishima gasps since it’s very rare for someone to yell back at Bakugo and he reached to hold Bakugo back but it was too late. His friend tackled Kaminari down, he wrestled with him for a second before getting him in a head hold. “You know even less, you idiot!”Kaminari shrieks as he struggles to get out of the others hold and his legs flail about. “I wouldn’t have given him my address or gone anywhere!”“He’d find a way to trick a stupid dumbass like you!” He nuggies Kaminari who whines.“Ow ow ow! Okay! You win! You win!” He yells and Bakugo finally lets him go and Kirishima can’t help but smile this horribly smug knowing smile. Bakugo doesn’t get touchy with just anyone, he doesn’t wrestle or play around with just anyone. Only those he’s gotten close to and trust get this playful Bakugo and since Bakugo just met Kaminari today there must be another reason. He likes him, he’s attracted to him at the very least.



Smooches
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Bakugo was chiding Kaminari over and over again about being careful and about giving out his number no matter how many compliments he gets is a bad idea. Just because someone says he’s cute doesn’t mean he owes them anything and he shouldn’t be so overwhelmed by compliments because that’s just stupid. Kaminari tries to reason that it’s just because he never gets compliments by guys that he’s so excited. This is the one time of year to be flirted with so it’s a little overwhelming. He can’t help that it excites him! Bakugo sneers and just bullies Kaminari a bit until a voice seems to echo through the park. Someone is on a megaphone calling attention to the crowd and since Kaminari needs a chance to get away from Bakugo’s lecturing he runs off towards where a  crowd is forming.Everyone else eventually gathers and the person finally begins to explain what’s going on.“This is the kissing challenge! Those okay with receiving kisses are welcome to participate! We have boxes of lipstick, grab one and apply! Kiss your friends! On the cheek! Nose! Chin! Wherever they’re comfortable with! The goal is to get as many colors of lipstick on your face within the time limit! The one who gets all the colors will win a wonderful prize, the runner up will win a great but slightly less wonderful prize as well! If you are interested, line up and grab one tube of lipstick!”Kaminari was all for it so he got in line immediately with Mina, the lipstick tubes all looked the same so it was impossible to see who had what. He grabbed his and moved away so the next person could grab one and he saw he got a nice cherry red color.“Mines red too!” Kirishima says and Kaminari looks to the red lipstick Kirishima is holding out with a grin.“You look good in red though!” Kaminari is quick to offer and Kirishima feigns bashfulness with a small laugh. Kaminari looked to just behind Kirishima and saw he also had a lipstick tube. “Whatcha get?”Bakugo blinked and finally opened the lipstick and rolled it up. “Orange.”“Cool!”“Kaaaaammmmmmiiiiiii!!” A wail came and suddenly the blond was being tackled.“Mina! What’s up?” He asks as she pouts holding onto him.“I got this color!” She says holding up a bright yellow lipstick.“Yikes!” He says with a laugh since that is not a flattering color and she begins to beat at his chest.“Give me yours!” She wails and he laughs a bit as he lets her fake hit his chest for a bit.“Okay okay!” He hands over his red lipstick and she squeals with delight and takes it eagerly before handing over the one she has. With the new lipstick in hand he waits with the rest and finds out what everyone else go. Mina and Kirishima had cherry red, Bakugo orange, Kaminari yellow, Sero got green, Yaomomo had pink and Jirou got a darker shade of pink. There seemed to be multiple shades of every color which would make winning that much more difficult but Kaminari was eager to try. The prize seemed to be some gift card and Kaminari was never opposed to free stuff.When everyone in the crowd got a lipstick they set the time and a buzzer went off and it was time to kiss. Kaminari applied his lipstick and kissed Sero’s cheek, who gave him a kiss on the cheek back. Mina pecked him on his forehead and Jirou got the side of his nose. Honestly, it became a flurry of people, he felt like he was swarmed in laughter and bright colors. He was constantly asked for kisses since he seemed to have a rare color. He kissed such cuties, only around the face, never the mouth because that would ruin any chances of reapplying your lipstick. The mouth is there to hold your own color so someone kissing over yours would make things difficult especially for someone with a rare color like Kaminari.This was a lot of fun but also felt weird on his skin, just the feeling of lipstick all over his face was quite foreign and sticky. He was tempted to scratch at it but maybe it won’t count if it’s all smudged so he keeps his hands down despite the temptation. There was about one minute left and as he pushed through the crowd of people he looked over everyone’s lips for the color on his mental checklist. Purple, like a real purple, not a dark pink but a purple. He’s seen people with it on their face so there must be a couple people with the color and they might need a yellow.He excuses himself between some ladies but his arm is grabbed and he turns abruptly to see a very cute boy! He’s got wild purple hair, a cat hair clip and a rainbow hair clip in it and on his lips is the loveliest shade of purple. “I’ve been looking for you!” Kaminari says with a gasp.“And I’ve been looking for you.” The man says confidently and smirks down at the blond.Kaminari feels his heart flutter and he hopes the lipsticks cover his warm cheeks because they must be growing red by now. The man with his broad shoulders steps closer and Kaminari can feel him leaning in and he’s not sure if he’s going for his lips but damn does he hope so. This would be the perfect Pride if he got a kiss from such a hot guy and he looked to be closer to his age so it’d be okay just to swap a quick kiss right? Bakugo won’t beat him up for it, right?He feels like their lips are mere inches from meeting when an arm is slung over his shoulder and he jumps in surprise. He snaps his head to the side to see Bakugo staring at the man with a sharp gaze and chin up high. The two stare at each other before the man who was leaning forward stands up straight and plants a kiss on Kaminari’s forehead instead of what was definitely going to be a kiss on the lips. The guy turns and walks away and Kaminari deflates with a pout.“Dude! You’re the worst!” He shrugs the others arm off him and glares up at Bakugo who just shrugs.“Didn’t do nuthin.” He says.“I just want to be kissed at least once by a cute boy! He was the cute boy! He was going to kiss me!”“God, you’re desperate.” Bakugo says with a sneer and it seems like that hits a cord with the other because his eyes start watering.“This is my one day to be out! I just want to enjoy it! I’m not going to go blow a dude, just a kiss isn’t the end of the world! Maybe you should mind your own business!” Kaminari snaps back which makes Bakugo’s eyebrows furrow together and he inhales deeply. Bakugo grits his teeth and finally lets his breath go. Yeah, it’s not his business, if Kaminari wants to kiss a dude he just met today that’s not a big deal but he couldn’t help that he didn’t want that to happen. He didn’t want this sweet idiot being taken advantage of and didn’t want him getting kissed by anyone. Kaminari deserves a kiss since tomorrow he’ll go back to being in the closet and Bakugo figured he’d be fine as the one kissing him. So...he did.He grabbed Kaminari by the front of his shirt pulled him forward and shoved orange lipstick against yellow. Their lips met with a crash and Bakugo felt Kaminari go completely rigid but he didn’t let up, he pressed forward and eventually Kaminari was pressing back. Bakugo relaxed a bit, he may have been nervous but he’d never admit it but he was relieved Kaminari was kissing him back. He watched as Kaminari’s wide eyes slowly closed and he closed his own as their kiss softened and they began to mesh together quite nicely.He nibbled and tugged at Kaminari’s lower lips which seemed to have a crippling effect on the other because if Bakugo didn’t know better he’d say Kaminari’s legs buckled since the smaller male gasped and clung to his shoulders for dear life. It was quite the ego boost and Bakugo wrapped his arms around the smaller males waist and pulled him up flush against his body so he wouldn’t fall to the ground. He delved his tongue into the others mouth and Kaminari jolted again but moaned at the intrusion as he awkwardly tried to rub his tongue against Bakugo’s. Kissing was really nice, both could agree kissing was amazingly wonderful. They pulled away and Kaminari stared wide eyed with bewilderment clearly written on his face. Why? It was written under all the lipstick but Bakugo didn’t care enough to answer he was focused on the pretty sunset they had made together on Kaminari’s lips. Yellow mixed with orange smeared over pretty lips and Bakugo leaned in for another kiss because didn’t he also deserve to kiss a cute boy on his only day to be out?Kaminari was quicker to melt into the kiss, their lips locked and their heads turned as they tasted more of each other on their tongues but both got the weird waxy taste of lipstick along with it. It didn’t matter though, it wasn’t the taste that made kissing so wonderful, it was the feeling and heat of it all.The passion.With Bakugo there seemed to be a lot of it, just raw passion and Kaminari felt like he was drowning in it. It was really good, kissing a boy felt really freaking good and maybe he’s not even bi anymore since he kind of wants to kiss Bakugo everyday for the rest of his life. Was that dramatic?No, he’s probably still very bi but Bakugo’s tongue was making him weak and forget where he even was. It wasn’t until a few wolf whistle pierced the air that the two finally pulled away and Kaminari felt some drool dribble down the corner of his lip to his chin, he wiped it quickly and looked to see the rest of their group staring. Kirishima and Mina had the biggest brightest grins, their eyes were full of mischief which meant teasing was on its way. The rest had smiles on their faces but mostly just happy for them.Bakugo huffed and took Kaminari’s hand in his and from Kaminari’s expression one wouldn’t think he was just making out with the other because holding hands produced a jolt and bright smile on his lips. Bakugo pulled him away from their friends and ignored their calls and whistles as he pulled Kaminari under the shade of a tree and let out a sigh.“What about the competition?” Kaminari asks as he swings their joined hands.“What about it?”Kaminari laughs. “I guess you’re right~” He stops and looks expectantly at Bakugo, his face is a mess but he doesn’t know that and honestly Bakugo could care less. Kaminari’s eyes speak volumes and with a smirk he leans in and this time the kiss is soft, their lips press, there’s a wet sound when they pull away just a second later and they kiss again and again and again. During an opening Kaminari gets enough brain power to say what’s been on his mind. “I thought you and Kiri were-”“A thing?”“Yeah…”“We’re just friends.” He answers and captures Kaminari’s lips in his and Kaminari kisses back with a smile. He’s glad he’s not some homewrecker, but he supposes since Kirishima saw them earlier he would have done something but that was neither here nor there. He had eager hot kisses to have with a hot guy so it doesn’t matter what else happened. Time was lost on the pair, the competition was over, the winners were called, they got their prize and it was over. Everyone was allowed to keep the lipstick and makeup wipes were distributed to everyone except the two making out under a tree. The lipstick was smearing, not just the ones on their lips but the stuff on their nose and even on their cheeks seemed to catch and spread, they looked wild but neither cared. They stopped to breath and that was it.Kaminari was learning a lot from this, he’s kissed girls and he was the one who was supposed to be dominant one but he was told he was a shitty kisser so maybe it was good he was on the receiving end of the kiss. It felt good, wrapping his arms around Bakugo’s neck and being held tightly as he’s kissed was something he never knew he needed until now. They parted and stared into each other’s eyes in silence for a bit, neither having anything to say but maybe one of them should say something. “Okay you two love birds! We’ve got other games! Stop sucking face and lets get you cleaned up!” Sero says as their group of friends walk over to them.Bakugo growls and Kaminari can’t help but laugh and blush happily. He holds onto Bakugo’s hand and he supposes they should stick with their friends for the rest of the event. Kaminari pulled Bakugo with him as they walked over to where their friends are and Yaomomo held up some extra make-up wipes for them.“Hold up!” Kaminari says and gets his phone out. He slings one arm across Bakugo’s shoulder and takes a selfie with him. Of course Bakugo looks away pouting but he doesn’t push Kaminari off him. The smaller male grins as he looks at the picture and laughs. “Come on~”Bakugo shrugs and takes the makeup wipe to start cleaning up his face, honestly he felt relieved once he got everything off and could feel his own skin. Kaminari eventually did the same and afterwards he took Bakugo’s hand in his with the brightest of smiles and Bakugo didn’t pull away. He let himself pulled around with Kaminari as they go to visit the other games and see the concert playing. Every once in a while the two would pull each other in for a kiss and each time it made Kaminari light up and Bakugo couldn’t help but smile back, only for a split second before he’d look away.Kaminari held onto Bakugo’s hand and snuggled into his side when it started getting late, the sun set and they found a place on the grass to watch the fireworks. Luckily it wasn’t too cold outside but Bakugo and Kirishima were out here shirtless so it was up to everyone to huddle up and keep them warm. The fireworks were breathtaking as fireworks usually are but Kaminari turned his head and waited for Bakugo turn to look at him before leaning in to kiss him. Bakugo hummed in his chest and kissed back. It was soft but grew heated, Bakugo’s hand snaked its way up until he was holding the back of Kaminari’s neck and they deepened the kiss with fireworks in the background.That was pretty magical.



Chapter End Notes
Thank you for the comments and kudos so far. There is some drama/angst ahead but I hope you enjoy the happy gayness.


Struggles



The group made their way to the hotel that night, they ordered some pizza and put on a movie and all chilled out on the beds. Selfies and snapchat stories were going off like crazy and Mina helped wash off all the proof of Pride from Kaminari’s face. Any make up and glitter had to be removed, the stars were also washed away just for safe measure. Kaminari made sure to take plenty of pictures of them but it still hurt to take it all off. The group bid their new found friends Jirou and Yaomomo goodnight and exchanged numbers before the girls left. They lived around the area and we’re driving home.Mina now the only girl sighed. “I didn’t get much luck.” She said and plopped down on the bed.“Don’t worry, Kiri and I didn’t either.” Sero said as he pet her head.Eyes looked over to where Kaminari and Bakugo were, the two sitting on the other bed, under the covers with Kaminari resting his head on Bakugo’s shoulder like it was the most natural thing in the world. Bakugo wasn’t phased, he glanced to them but turned his attention to the tv screen. Kirishima smiled proudly at his friend, since it was hard for Bakugo to get comfortable with people it really showed just how much he liked Kaminari. Maybe this isn’t true love and maybe it’s a bit more of a summer whirlwind romance but it was so good. Both boys really got to enjoy themselves and maybe their hearts were a little stronger and filled with more love.Kirishima figures this is the charging center for queer people, Pride just gave people pride in who they were, oh the irony. No shame, no matter what people might say there was nothing to be ashamed of for who you loved and even if you’re young and have to go back to pretending to be one thing when you’re not at least know there’s a day and place to be free and openly loved. It was a blessing.Mina looked over to the two and shook her head. “I guess I’ll be snuggling up with you two~ Hope you don’t mind~” She says to Kirishima and Sero who laugh.If you feel something poking you in the morning it’s not what you think. It’s just nature doing its thing.” Kirishima admits with a sheepish apologetic smile.Mina snorts. “As much as I would love to be the woman that turns you guys straight you’d have a hard time turning me straight to make it work. I really really love women.”“Respect.” Sero says with a peace sign and she laughs.“I just hope those two don’t get busy tonight. I won’t be able to sleep.” She whispers loudly.“I’m not going to do shit so calm down.” Bakugo snaps and Mina jolts and looks back at him with a smile.“Of course you won’t!”“Bakugo is pretty manly and respectful he wont do anything to Kami! Besides he’d want to be prepared for that kind of stuff and he didn’t pack anyth-” Kirishima was hit in the face with a pillow before Bakugo was lunging over to tackle him. Kaminari sat there blushing but smiling happily as he watched the two boys wrestle. Mina and Sero decided to trade and cuddle up with Kaminari while Bakugo bullied his friend. The three cuddled up and Kaminari whispered how grateful he was for being friends with them. God he loved them, they had to know how much he loved them because they supported him and helped him when he was depressed and questioning his sexuality. They brought him to this place and he got to meet so many wonderful people and have so much fun, the best day ever and he got to experience it because of them. When the group finally decided to settle down for the night Kaminari motioned for Bakugo to come to him. Mina and Sero got up and they traded places, the two love birds welcomed each other into their arms and kissed for likely the hundredth time since they started. Kaminari pulled them under the covers and pulled it over their head so the sound of their kissing would hopefully be muffled.It only proved to being insufferably hot as they continued to kiss under the covers, their breathing making it get hotter by the second until Kaminari couldn’t take it anymore and he pulled the covers down to breath fresh air. Bakugo snorts and wraps an arm around Kaminari’s waist. “Lets just sleep, idiot.”“I still feel so excited.”“You’re like a puppy.”“Heh, yeah, I guess.” Kaminari smiles, snuggles closer and Bakugo just tilts his head to nuzzle back. He closes his eyes and Kaminari does the same since it seems everyone is shutting down and he might as well join them. He doesn’t want this night to end but if it does with him in Bakugo’s arms then he won’t be so bitter about it.When the next morning comes, they wake up close to check out time and they have to hurry to gather their stuff and drop off the keycard at the front desk. Thankfully the breakfast is free so they are quick to grab as much food as they can and chow down. It’s nothing fancy but when it’s free and all you can eat it’s a blessing no teenager would dare shy away from. Once they’re done they group head back down the street to where they parked their cars, all happy to see no break ins of vandalism occurred while they were away. Everyone went to putting their stuff away in the trunk but Mina comes over to Kaminari with an apologetic gaze.“The choker…” She points to her own neck and Kaminari jolts and touches his own neck before letting out a remorseful sigh.“Right.” He removes it and shoves it in his bag before putting it in the trunk of the car. He looks to over to see Bakugo putting his stuff away and Kaminari walks over to him with a little grin.“Hey man.” He calls and Bakugo looks to him before shutting the trunk.“Mn…”“I totally forgot to ask earlier but we should trade numbers dontcha think?”“No.” Bakugo says shortly and at first Kaminari doesn’t know how to respond but figures he doesn’t need to take Bakugo seriously after everything they’ve been through.“Oh come on! Don’t you wanna keep in touch?”“Not really.” Bakugo retorts and opens the passenger side door and gets in without looking at Kaminari as he closes it. Kirishima on the other side is pale and looks at Kaminari with these wide sad eyes before opening his door to hiss Bakugo’s name.Kaminari tries to laugh it off and just say goodbye to the two before going back to Sero’s car and quickly getting into the back. He sits down, buckles up and stares down at his lap. Sero and Mina glance to each other worriedly before getting in as well. Mina decides to sit next to Kaminari in the back and Sero drives.Sero starts the car but waits for Kirishima to pull out of the parking spot and leave before he does the same. It’s tense for a bit, the music is on but not very loud and poor Sero and Mina are at a loss on what to say. They know they should be angry with Bakugo for dismissing Kaminari like that but honestly their empathy for Kaminari’s pain at the moment overwhelms them. They’re just sad with him. Honestly, who does that? Who makes out with a person all day and then tries to act like nothing happened? He didn’t need to play with Kaminari like that, sure the blond wanted to get a kiss but Bakugo could have given him just one and left him alone which would be so much less painful. He chose to mess around with Kaminari and act like they were boyfriends for the day and failed to let Kaminari know this was just for the day and they couldn’t even be friends afterwards.Kaminari knew that they wouldn’t be boyfriends after this, they lived far apart and neither of them were out of the closet so dating was just not going to happen but this was just cruel. When Kaminari felt Mina’s warm hand over his there was a small pause as his lip quivered before he finally started to cry. He couldn’t say he loved Bakugo, he barely knew him but he thought he was liked enough to be treated with just a bit more kindness. Was the idea of talking to him really that horrible?Bakugo shoved his headphones into his ears the moment Kirishima started the car, he put his legs up on the dash and leaned the chair back with extra force. Kirishima gripped his steering wheel tightly as he started their drive back to their city. He kept focused on the road but his eyes would look over to Bakugo and there was a lecture hanging right there on the tip of his tongue but he could hear Bakugo’s music, it was muffled but the headphones were definitely on high blast. He wouldn’t get Bakugo to listen to him even if he didn’t have his headphones on though that was for sure, he could tell by how the other was sulking that this was a decision Bakugo was firmly set on. He didn’t look happy about it so it made it even more strange he went and said what he said.Not being out was difficult, having parents who would disapprove of having a child identify as queer was horrifying even for Bakugo. No matter how much he says he doesn’t care or how much he hates his mother he still cares what his parents think. They could kick him out, disown him and that would leave Bakugo the most vulnerable he’s ever been and he just couldn’t have that.Bakugo had a hunch, just a faint inkling of an idea that maybe if he let Kaminari into his life, even if it was just texts during the day that he might get some strange urge to finally come out. He couldn’t have that, not now at least. Bakugo wanted to be on his own and independent enough so that when he does come out his parents won’t be able to take anything from him. They could bitch and gripe about it all they want and never let him come over but he’d have his own place and there’s nothing they could do about it. It’s possible that Kaminari might be the one bisexual disaster that would ruin his chances of doing that so he cut him out. It was easy since Kaminari wasn’t out as well and this spur of the moment relationship was just for Pride. He wasn’t going to hear how shitty he just was, he didn’t want Kirishima to try and persuade him to apologize later. He knows Kirishima has all their numbers by now and it’s very likely he’ll be added to some god awful group chat but he’ll leave it and block people if he has to. Kaminari will get over it, they just met so it’s not like they’re in love. That’d be impossible.



The Three
Chapter Summary
A bit of background for Mina and Sero. I do plan to flesh out their stories and struggles as well but I'm focusing on Kaminari and later Bakugo for now.



Kaminari was dropped off at home and the teen double checked his bag to make sure he didn’t have any incriminating evidence on it. He got the buttons in his bag and the shirts were put away and he was wearing a normal black tank top. His parents weren’t home so he hurried to his room, he had a small box that he hid under his bed, he put the buttons in there, the bi crop top, it was still dirty but he didn’t have the time to wash it. His parents were likely out doing errands or something so they could be home any minute. Kaminari sighed and shoved everything in the box, the choker he had grown to really like and the shirt Bakugo gave him. It hurt and he glared at it until the sound of his parent’s car rolling into the driveway caught his attention. He closed the box, shoved it deep under his bed and pushed some of his other junk in the way.Thankfully he had a room full of random crap so it wasn’t weird that he had stuff under his bed. He went to go greet his parents and help bring in the groceries. “How was the musuem honey?” His mother asks and Kaminari grins.“Kinda boring but we learned some interesting stuff I guess. Mostly wrote stuff down.”“Is it a big project? Don’t wait until the last minute, Denki.” His mother chides lightly and Kaminari nods as he sets the bags on the counter and starts unpacking them.“I won’t, and it’s not that big of a project. I can handle it but I’ll ask Sero if I get stuck.”She smiles and pats his head as they help to put stuff away, his father went to the living room to go watch tv and it was just another normal Sunday for them. Football was on and Kaminari did his duty as a young man to go sit and watch and pretend to be interested. Honestly, sports weren’t his thing but the sports he did seem to be drawn towards were considered girly in his father’s eyes. When Kaminari wanted to try figure skating his father pushed him to do hockey, when he wanted to do swimming his father said he’s better off doing track and field. He tried to do tennis but that too was disapproved of and he decided to get into baseball. He wasn’t really good at it, he was a decent runner but everything was mediocre at best, his pitching, catching, batting, all of it was just so-so. It made sense due to the fact he wasn’t passionate about it but it was frustrating all the same since he couldn’t really enjoy it. He made some friends because he was social and made friends everywhere but no one like Mina and Sero. He’s sure some of the guys on his team are in the closet too but that internalized homophobia was so strong they covered it with hyper masculinity like a dude bro does. They were good people, just dumb teenagers like they all were but if Kaminari ever came out to any of them it’s likely they’d spread the word, ostracize him right away, maybe even kick him off the team. His parents would find out and then it’d be over.His mother was under his father’s thumb, he wasn’t an outright abusive man, he never struck them or even yelled but he made them feel shitty for their feelings. He hated feelings the most and its started to change his mother. She’s a lot different from the woman he knew when he was a child. When he was young she encouraged everything, whatever he was interested in she’d push him to try and supported him. He learned to play the piano for a bit, but his father didn’t want him to pursue that into a career so he was forced to stop. He decided to pick up the trumpet, a fun and hopefully more manly instrument? That too didn’t last long either. He wanted to learn the guitar next but his mother had given up on supporting any musical choices. Kaminari’s next interest came in the form of books, likely a desire to escape into a different world where adventure is waiting. Disney books were his first start but his father didn’t want him reading the princess ones, what was he going to enjoy about a love story his father asked his mother. Why did she buy those? Those are for girls. Did she forget they have a boy?He wanted to read them though, the story is the same no matter what. A young person has a dream, has a struggle but they fight and they grow and they get what they always wanted. Who cares if they wanted love with a prince? Didn’t most of the stories for young boys still have them ending up with someone? What’s the difference? They sold the princess books at a garage sale and a young girl got them. That’s how he met Mina, she was that young girl and at first Kaminari was jealous, he didn’t like her because she was taking the books that were supposed to be for him but they met at elementary school that following monday and she brought a couple of the books to read together. Little boys and little girls don’t usually play together at his school. Little girls were on the swing sets, little boys were rolling around in the grass and the two rarely mixed because boys had cooties. Mina and Kaminari mixed though, they sat together to read the princess stories and all the adults thought it was cute. The amount of people thinking two nine year olds are the perfect couple was astronomical, how strange.His father seemed happy though, they invited Mina over a lot, they had a lot of playdates until it came to light that Mina’s parents happened to be two women. At first everyone assumed they were sister’s, one of them was separated from their husband, probably a divorce and the sister was just helping out as family does. It was inspiring until the true story came to light. Yes, the mother who gave birth to Mina divorced her husband but she did that to marry another woman which was where the respect died. Kaminari was told not to hang out with Mina ever again and his parents cut all contact with Mina’s parents. Thankfully, Kaminari is stupid and hardly listens to anyone so leaving Mina’s side was impossible. She was his friend and now they shared a secret of being super secret best friends who had to keep their friendship secret or the villain would catch them and use it against them. It was a game for them, it helped hide the discomfort and sadness that comes with such a situation.Lets pretend our life is a disney story, this is the part of our struggles but we’ll get our happy ending. Is what they thought.It worked, there were ups and downs but it worked. They stuck together like glue, incredibly optimistic stupid glue. In middle school they were each other’s first kiss and it’s joked about that their kiss is what turned Mina gay. Kaminari’s kissing was so bad it turned Mina off from men forever and now she can only trust women. Kaminari fights that he’s a decent kisser but he’s happy that Mina feels secure enough to come out. She came out to him first and he felt like his heart just about stopped, he thought that he would be disgusted, his stomach did have that weird twisted feeling when she told him but in the end he loved her and nothing was going to change that.It took him a good couple years to figure out what the feeling in his gut was. It was part shock, part excitement, part envy. He was so jealous she could be so honest and it was all due to supportive and loving parents. Sure, Mina could be bitter and angry for the struggles of having lesbian parents caused her as a child but she didn’t let that jade her. The bullies were no match for her parent’s unconditional love and that was something Kaminari had so little understanding with. His parent’s half baked love turned him into a half baked person who had to learn and depend on his friends for his self discovery. When they entered high school they met Sero and they adopted him into their group, he had grown up with Kirishima and was definitely in need of a couple of idiots to cheer him up since he had just moved. He missed his old school and old town but they made him feel right at home as best they could. In his Sophomore year Kaminari realized he was a true blue bisexual, the genuine article. He’s always found himself lingering on attractive people be it male or female but he thought he was still straight. It wasn’t until Sero caught him staring at the male soccer team across the campus did he finally realize he was a bit more interested than a normal hetero would be. Damn those sexy calves.Sero went to Pride his freshmen year, he went by train and although Mina was invited to go with her parents weren’t keen on her going somewhere so far away even with a friend. They trusted Sero to an extent but this was their precious baby they were talking about, what if they got separated and she got kidnapped or something? Not that Pride was particularly dangerous but any town becomes a scary place full of monsters when it’s far away. Sophomore year was more of the same but they agreed in her junior year if she wanted to go they’d let her go, of course she’d need to keep in contact with them with texts throughout the day and let them know when she’s on her way back.Sero’s parents were similar but they’re a different story all together. Hippies to the extreme, they lived in a van most of Sero’s childhood and not because they didn’t have money, they actually made a lot of money, they just liked living on the road more. When Sero got a break from school they’d go on these road trips to just about anywhere. The only planning they made sure to do was to make sure when they had to be back in town for Sero’s schooling. They loved him but they loved their freedom just as much, it was sort of up to Sero to set up guidelines. They need a place to live, he wants to have friends over, he needs his own car to get around and go on his own adventures. His parents completely understood and with little more persuasion got a house and a used car for Sero in the new town they moved into.Honestly, if he knew asking for stuff was that simple he would have done it a long time ago but he was a good son who didn’t ask for much since that was just the kind of guy he was. He was dependable and that was what allowed Kaminari to open up to him and Mina. He was Bi.Neither seemed surprised, they’ve been telling Kaminari that he seems to have a noticeable interest in guys as well as girls. It just took Kaminari time to realize it then finally accept it as part of who he is. Sero and Mina were so kind and loving towards him no matter how many nights he’d stay up telling them why he’s not bi and the other nights when he’s crying buckets because he’s so bi he doesn’t know what to do with himself. They were patient but they were also his friends so they teased him time to time about it too. They couldn’t help how cute he’d whine and cover his face in embarrassment when they did.



Error
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Pride was a dream come true and a horrible let down by the end all thanks to Bakugo. Kaminari felt like it was some sort of weird dream now, it was almost like it wasn’t real. Summer ended with no crazy happenings, it was a boring rest of his summer and now he’s going for his final year of high school. The blond reached into his pocket as he walked to school and noticed his phone wasn’t in its usual spot. He checked his other pockets and in his bag but it wasn’t there. He groaned in frustration knowing that it was likely at home somewhere in his room. He didn’t have time to go back and get it so he just figured he’d have to suffer for the day without his phone. Who knows, he might do something productive and take notes.When he got to school he let Sero and Mina know his phone is MIA so any meme’s they send him they’ll have to show him during lunch or let him have a spam surprise when he gets home. It was no big deal but he definitely felt bored for the rest of classes, he ended up doodling a lot in his notebook and to be honest he low key loved it. Filling up a notebook full of scribbles and sketches was so therapeutic and he forgot how much he loved to draw.It was likely due to that first year of middle school when he had an art class and told his parents he wanted to pursue something in art since he enjoyed it so much. His mom at first was fine with it but his father disliked it, heavily. Artists are pansies is what his father said that night while they had dinner. They don’t make enough money, it’s not stable work and they rarely can afford to live on their own or start a family. He’d have to depend on his wife and Kaminari needs to be the one who makes the money and is depended on. His father got really mad at his mother for praising such an interest. They argued that night and Kaminari heard it all.“What were you thinking saying he should get into painting classes?” His father chided.“I just thought it’d be a fun little hobby, dear. I didn’t mean anything by it.” His mother answered softly.“He needs to focus on real hobbies and real skills that will help him get a good job.”“You’re right, dear. I’m sorry.”“We need to be on the same page, you can’t keep letting him do everything on a whim. How is he going to grow up to be a good husband and father?”“I know…”“You know what?”“I know I shouldn’t indulge him.” She answered and his father sighed.“He needs to focus on sports and school. Also, he’s still hanging out with that lesbian kid isn’t he?”Kaminari grit his teeth knowing they were talking about Mina. “I told him not to hang out with her.” His mother quickly answered, the panic evident in her voice.“You have to be stern with him, you let him get away with too much shit.” The last word was cold, a hiss and it made Kaminari’s heart drop into his stomach.“I’ll be tougher on him.”“Good.”After that day his mother didn’t want him drawing and she got rid of the paint tools and other stuff she bought him. Threw it away actually. Kaminari didn’t have the heart to draw after that, or rather it was too triggering. He remembered as he watched his mom take the art supplies to the garbage can out front she stopped and looked at him.“You don’t really care about it that much, right?” She asked with a smile and he paused and shrugged.“It was fun…”“Well as long as you didn’t like it that much it’s fine. Your father would get mad at me, you wouldn’t like that right, Denki?”“N-No, he shouldn’t get mad at you...it was just a hobby. I’m over it now.”“Good!” She chirped and walked back into the house. “I’m going to make dinner!”Then it all went back to normal, she cooked dinner while he played video games and waited for his father to come home from work. He didn’t really draw since then, doodles were impossible to stop, everyone did it but if any one ever noticed it or complimented his art he was quick to shrug it off.Pride had lit something in him that his parents had killed off. He wasn’t ashamed of his doodles, he loved them and it’s possible that it’s because he loves and accepts himself more. He’s a bisexual disaster who loves to draw and read books, he’s not a masculine kind of guy but he’s definitely chivalrous and kind when it comes to the ladies. He felt more secure so for maybe the first time he showed his doodles to his friends who were overwhelmingly supportive of them. Some slight teasing on the silly scribbles but for the most part they were so positive and encouraging. They knew why Kaminari didn’t take any art classes though or say he was going to any kind of art schools although it was obvious if he just had some practice and help he’d be an amazing artist with whatever medium he chose to work with. When the day was over Kaminari stuffed his notebook in his bag and walked back home. When he walked up the walkway to his home he noticed his mom was home, not surprising but when he opened the door he didn’t see her in the living room or kitchen where she usually was. He called for her as he walked through the house and finally went to his bedroom, he opened the door and jolted at the sight of his mother on the floor. She was sitting there crying while she looked at his phone, when she saw him she looked at him and showed him the images she was looking at on his phone.“W-Why are you in my- why did you go into my phone!?” He snapped, panic and fear coursing through his veins.“You lied Denki!” She shouted and gulped hard.“How did you even know my password! That’s personal!”“That girl forced you to go didn’t she? That stupid lesbian is trying to make you do things you don’t want!”“That’s not true! She’s not stupid and she didn’t force me to go! I wanted to go!”“Why would you want to go?” She asked completely aghast by the very idea, she was so sure Mina had forced him. That was the narrative she wanted at least.“Because mom-” He paused, his chest squeezing, the urge to vomit mounting on him, his throat burned, his knees were shaking. This is not how he wanted to do this but god damn it there wasn’t much of a choice in the matter. “I’m bi! I like girls and boys!” He rushed over and yanked the phone out of her hand.She started to cry more. “Why?” She asked over and over again. “Your father is going to be mad at me, Denki! It’s all my fault!” She wailed as she covered her face as she sobbed. Kaminari felt bad for his mother, she wasn’t the best but honestly if she had married a different man she’d have likely supported all his dreams and who he was but that’s not how it is. He looked at his phone, the picture of him with lipstick smeared all over his face and his arm slung around Bakugo’s shoulders was up and he looked at it with a painful fondness.“It’s not your fault mom. I would be bi whether you treated me differently or not. It’s who I am.”“You’re lying, you’re joking with me. It’s a prank. It’s not funny, Denki.” She snaps between sobs.“I’m not lying to you! I think boys are just as cute as girls. Being queer isn’t a crime mom! Mina is a great and wonderful person, the people I met there were so amazing!”“Did they touch you? Those people probably infected you with their lies. You know they’re diseased!”He’s never had the urge to hit anyone until now, especially not his mother. They? What did she mean by they? Those people? They’re just people!Kaminari shook his head and stepped back out of his room, he couldn’t handle this and he went to the living room to plop on the couch. He took a shaky breath and held his phone tightly before quickly sending a group text to Mina and Sero.[Kami] Mom got int omy phone. Found the pics [Kami] it came out, I told her I’m bi and she started saying some stupif shit. [Kami] she’s crying...she’s gonna tell dad.[Kami] guys help, I don’t know what to do



Chapter End Notes
forgot to post this before work lolI might post another chapter later tonight!


Fake




His friends texted him and called him to talk but he needed to wait to see what would happen. His mother finally came out and he stood up from the couch with a sour expression, he was scared. He was trying to act tough but he was frightened he’d be disowned right now, he waited for her to speak and it took her a little while before she could finally spit out what she wanted to say.
 
“This is just a phase honey.” She says with a smile and walks over to him.
 
“Mom, it’s not-”
 
“It is, you’ve been hanging around that girl and she’s been making you believe things that you aren’t. A lot of teens are getting into a ‘sexuality crisis’ it’ll blow over. Just don’t tell your father. He’ll be upset with me for sure.”
 
“Mom…” His throat felt dry because he hated feeling like he was being ignored on this when it was so important to him. This was the best outcome really, he could agree with her that this was probably just a phase and they can keep it from his dad. Sure he’d be back in the closet again but at least the fear of being disowned wouldn’t be around the corner. It would be easiest to just nod and smile a long but his heart wouldn’t let his mind take over on this. “It’s not a phase.” He chokes out and tears finally begin to fall. He plops down on the couch and holds his face as he cries. He feels ashamed. He feels embarrassed. He hates this.
 
His mother goes on a tangent how it’s just a phase, he’s confused and he’s just acting out. “It’s a bit selfish of you.” His mother says and he stiffens. “How do you think this little game of yours makes me feel? How it’ll make your father feel? This isn’t fun.” She reasons.
 
“It’s who I am.” He says brokenly before hearing the garage door open, he gets up quickly and goes to his room. He slams the door and runs to his bed. He reminds himself of a disney princess who cries into her pillow after something bad happens which meant a miracle would happen, right? He wished Bakugo was here for some reason, he wished he could be in Bakugo’s arms and hold onto him tight and kiss him until all the pain went away. 
 
Too bad he couldn’t even talk to him. Bakugo didn’t want to keep in contact and Kaminari respected that. Kirishima had said he’s ready and willing to give Kaminari the others number if he wanted it but he couldn’t bring himself to agree. It seemed desperate and almost stalkerish that even though Bakugo said he didn’t want to keep talking to him that Kaminari would keep trying to talk to him. It was best to leave it along and wait for Bakugo to come around if he wanted to which he didn’t judging by how long its been. A full month of not talking to someone seems pretty final. He’s just not interested.
 
Sadly, Kaminari’s thoughts always tend to drift to Bakugo at some point or another no matter how he tried to distract himself. It seemed the ashen blond male had stamped himself into Kaminari’s mind and the poor disaster bisexual couldn’t get over this crush. He kind of knew why Bakugo kept his distance though, he wasn’t out so he probably wanted to keep any gay interactions to a minimum. It would have been nice if he was just gentle about keeping Kaminari away. 
 
The blond sighed out and looked at the texts from his friends. Even at a time like this he was thinking about Bakugo. What a fool he was. His mother was out there making excuses why he’s not coming out of his room and for now he was thankful his mother was more fearful than hateful. Kaminari got under the cover of his blankets and curled up to try and sleep. It didn’t work of course, he was hungry and his chest hurt as the anxiety mounted. He kept expecting his father to burst into his room any second to yell at him. 
 
Kaminari checks his phone and around midnight he’s sure his dad is asleep by now. He rarely stays up past 11pm so Kaminari was in the clear. He slowly opened his bedroom door and tip toed through the house towards the kitchen. He did everything he could to be as quiet as possible, he got a glass of water and a bag of chips before sneaking back into his room. Once he closed the door he sighed and sat on his bed.
 
[Kami] she didn’t tell him






[Mina] That’s good but what you said earlier about her saying it’s a phase



[Mina] Pisses me off!






[Sero] not cool but shit...I guess it’s better than her 



[Sero] yknow






[Kami] Disowning me?






[Sero] Yeah...sorry






[Kami] it’s okay man. This just sucks.






[Mina] If anything happens you’re always welcome here!






[Sero] And at my place! 
Kaminari was thankful but the last thing he wanted to do was be a burden to the people that meant the most to him. He’d be careful from now on, he’d hide it better and maybe in a couple days he will tell his mom that she was right, it was just a phase. 
“You’re not seriously going out like that are you?” Bakugo’s oh so wonderful mother, Mitsuki asked with an accusatory glare.
 
“Oh for fuck’s sake.” He whispered harshly under his breath before turning to look at her. He was just about to go hang out with Kirishima. “Yeah I’m going like this!” He snaps.
 
“You’re wearing that?” She pauses. “Aren’t you meeting up with Kirishima?”
 
“Yeah and what about it?” He glares her down and she glares back.
 
“You’re giving people the wrong idea about you!”
 
“What the hell does that even mean!?”
 
“Take a look in the mirror!”
 
“I have and I look fine! What’s your fucking problem!?”
 
“Don’t cuss in my household!”
 
“Don’t waste my time then!”
 
“Katsuki! You better apologize before I ground you!”
 
“I’m going to be late! Bye!” He shouts as he storms out of the house and slams the door for emphasis. He can hear his mother yelling at him not to slam the door but he ignores it as he stomps outside and down the street to Kirishima’s house. He texts the other to let him know he’s on the way and he waits by the garage. 
 
The garage door slowly slides up and Kirishima is backing out his car for Bakugo to get in. “Sup man!”
 
Bakugo huffs and plops down in the seat with a scowl. He doesn’t feel like answering and just glares ahead of him.
 
“Another fight? You guys have been really blowing up lately. What was it about this time?”
 
“My fucking clothes.”
 
Kirishima took a moment to see what Bakugo was wearing. He had a plain navy blue button up shirt that was open, underneath was a black tank top and he had black shorts that were at his knees. All in all he looked really nice but Kirishima wasn’t the fashion police, actually Bakugo’s mother and father were the fashion experts there so maybe it was out of style?
 
“Maybe you look too good?” Kirishima offers with a playful grin as they start their way to the mall.
 
Bakugo snorts because obviously that’s not the issue but it lightens the mood so he takes it. “Sure yeah, that’s it.” He says sarcastically but the tension in the car relaxes and Kirishima can breath a small sigh of relief. 
 
They make their way to the mall, Kirishima wants to get some new gym stuff, shoes, sports tape and a new gym bag. He also liked to go chat up his bro Tetsutetsu who worked there, both were dense idiots stupidly pinning for one another thinking the other didn’t feel that way. Tetsutetsu was in the closet or rather he didn’t know how obviously gay he was. He had no problem with Kirishima being gay but he would say again and again he wasn’t gay because he had a crush on a girl in middle school. Kirishima has brought up bisexuality but Tetsutetsu seemed firmly set in thinking he’s straight but he loves Kirishima, oh how he loves him. They are the classic bromeo’s, they live and would die for each other. Bakugo is pretty sure he’s heard them both drunkenly promise they’d take a bullet for each other and if one of them dies the other will die with them.
 
Bunch of idiots and honestly Bakugo is surprised they haven’t made out during one of those drunken nights but Kirishima does watch his alcohol, he claims it wouldn’t be manly to force himself on a bro like that but Bakugo is sure once they start Tetsutetsu will have no complaints. Whatever, he can’t tell them what to do so he’ll just watch in mild amusement as they dance around each other.
 
Once there he lets his friend go do his useless flirting and gets some new shoes for himself before hanging in front of the store on his phone. He scrolled through twitter and instagram, followed plenty of hot models on insta since he used it to keep up his straight guy persona around classmates. Twitter was for his actual friends and whoever decided to follow him, he didn’t use his own name or face because if someone from class found him he’d have to delete it all. There he could talk about things he actually liked, he could retweet whatever the hell he was into even if it was a little gay. It wasn’t much different than his insta aside from the hot female models he followed but it felt more real to him.
 
After what felt like hours Kirishima finally walked over to him and the redhead had completely forgotten what he came here to do in the first place. Bakugo didn’t have the heart or patience to tell him and just motioned to the food court and started walking to whatever place smelled the best. It all smelled awful but whatever smelled less awful.
 
“Shit! I forgot to get the stuff!” Kirishima shouts while standing in line.
 
“Idiot. You were too busy composing sonnets for lug head over there.”
 
“Hey! I wouldn’t know how to compose something like that! It’s just nice to see him and when he smiles it just-” He gets this dreamy look in his eyes and chuckles under his breath like remembering some inside joke. “It’s nice.”
 
“Yes and the ass you keep oogling, it’s just very nice isn’t it?” Bakugo asks with a snort and he doesn’t need to look to know Kirishima is blushing.
 
“W-Well, it is nice…” There’s a small pause before Kirishima clears his throat. “Anyways! I’m going to get the jumbo corn dog! What about you?”
 
“Uhh.” Bakugo stares blankly at the menu and shrugs. He was hungry but he didn’t have any strong desire for anything, especially of this quality. “Guess I’ll get one of those.” 
 
 So the two got their food and sat down to eat, Bakugo could only get about half of it until he felt too bored to continue. He let out a sigh and pushed it towards Kirishima’s side of the table and leaned back in his seat. Kirishima who wasn’t one to shy away from more food took Bakugo’s remaining food but he looked to his friend worriedly. “You haven’t been eating much lately.”
 
“I just can’t stomach this shitty food.”
 
“You’ve been losing some weight man.” Kirishima adds and Bakugo looks away knowing Kirishima’s concerned gaze is directed at him. 
 
“I’m losing some fat and gaining muscle.” He retorts.
 
“You’re losing some muscle too. You haven’t been into it after...you know.”
 
Yes he knew, after pride he just felt shitty for some reason. He wasn’t into things as much as he used to be, even sports which he loved started to feel more like a chore. He’s not sure why though, maybe it’s just more of that teenage angst but he’ll get over it soon enough. He won’t let it affect his grades or his spot as number 1 athlete of the school so it’s not like it really matters.
 
“I’ll tell the old hag to make a big dinner then.” If that will make Kirishima stop looking at him with those wounded puppy dog eyes.
 
“A good dinner is important dude but you really gotta eat good meals during the day!”
 
“Yeah yeah.” He takes out his phone and see’s a couple texts, some from girls from school he’s messed around with and one from his mom calling him a brat. He smirks at that, there’s a lot worse she could call him but she sticks with brat most of the time.
 
“Well, if it isn’t Bakugo and his flaming gay bestie.” Comes an irritating voice, one of the guys on his team that is a blatant homophobe and although the guy respects Bakugo he see’s Kirishima as disgusting sack of flesh.
 
“You want to fucking fight?” Bakugo asks sharply with a heated glare, he’s not afraid to throw hands in the mall.
 
“Chill dude, I don’t want to fight you.”
 
“And you wouldn’t want to fight Kirishima either, he’d definitely break your fucking jaw so why don’t you shut the fuck up.”
 
“Fuck dude, what’s got you all pissed off? Reddy here not sucking your dick anymore?” The man says with a laugh and Kirishima rolls his eyes.
 
Bakugo shoots up from his seat and Kirishima is startled with his reaction. Bakugo is a live wire that’s for sure but his patience is extra thin today. “You come here for any other reason other than to piss me off?”
 
“Just wanted to say hi.” The guy says and steps back.
 
“Hi. Bye.” He snaps and glares the guy down until he backs away and finally turns to leave. With a sigh Bakugo sits back down and folds his arms across his chest. Kirishima quirks an eyebrow and takes a big bit of the corndog.
 
“You know, you’re also more uhhh on edge lately as well.”
 
“I’m just fucking tired.” Tired of peoples bullshit.
 
“Yeah I can see that…” Kirishima pauses and gets his phone out to look at Kaminari’s number. He’s texted the other lately, been having fun time joking around. Kaminari is easy to get along with and he’s not the type to hold a grudge or anything as well which is perfect for someone like Bakugo who gets on peoples bad sides pretty easily. “Maybe, it could help if you talked to someone-”
 
“No.”
 
“Oh come on Bakubro!” He wails at his already failed attempt.
 
“I’m not talking to that bastard.”
 
“You know that is uncalled for, he’s not a bastard. He’s a cute nice guy that you really liked.”
 
“I didn’t like him. I’ve told you a 100 times that I don’t like him.”
 
“Bakubro…” he leans over going hush hush. “You were so manly towards him, you spoiled him and didn’t want other dudes touching him.”
 
“I was protecting an idiot.”
 
“You don’t protect idiots unless you like them.”
 
Well, that wasn’t a lie, Bakugo didn’t have a retort for that but that didn’t mean he would agree to what the other said. He didn’t like wasting his time or letting his pride get damaged so he just remained silent. It was just for shits and giggles, just like how he treats the girls at his school. Kirishima held out his phone to show picture and Bakugo finally glanced over to see what he was showing him. It was a group pic, they were at the hotel and Kaminari was next to him on the bed, his head on his shoulder and the dopiest smile on his lips. Bakugo’s eyes lingered on their images although they weren’t the center of attention for the picture but his eyes were drawn there and he felt his blood pressure drop.
 
He grit his jaw and pushed the others phone away. “You guys look like a bunch of idiots.”
 
“You weren’t looking at us.” Kirishima whispers before his eyes are drawn to another approaching figure, this time a girl who is likely a friend of the guy that was just here. Kirishima opens a different app on his phone and leans back in his seat. He knows who she’s walking over for and Bakugo takes a deep breath.
 
“Hey man~” She chimes and Bakugo has to force himself from rolling his eyes.
 
“What’s up?” He looks at her and honestly he can’t remember who she is but by her tone hints they’re at least somewhat familiar.
 
“You know how I said I had a boyfriend before?” She asked with the slight tilt of her head and a coy little smile. Kirishima’s eyebrows scrunched together at that but said nothing and pretended to be interested on his phone.
 
Bakugo did not in fact remember that but he nodded anyways. “Well, we broke up!” She sounds way too happy about that.
 
“Okay.” He’s not sure what that has to do with him.
 
“Remember? At the party before we left for summer break you said if I broke up with my boyfriend you’d go on a date with me?”
 
Now that doesn’t sound like him at all, he’d never agree to date anyone. “Don’t you mean I’d agree to sleep with you?”
 
“No! You said we’d date!” She persisted and he’s pretty sure she’s lying, he didn’t drink enough at any party to make that kind of mix up. He sighs and looks over to the table she came from, there’s a group of the guys on his team and they’re watching and likely put it in her head he said he’d date her.
 
“Fine, I’ll go on a date with you.”
 
“Awesome! Lets see a movie tonight!”
 
“Nah, don’t feel like it.” He says and Kirishima can’t help but snort out a small laugh before covering his mouth.
 
“Well, how about tomorrow night?”
 
“Sure.” Honestly, there would never be a good night for it but she’s bound to keep asking until she got a yes so might as well get it over with.
 
“Kay! I’ll text you!” She says which means she already has his number, he supposed the next random number he gets a text from will be her.
 
“Alright.” He says bored and she smiles as she walks back to the other table and Bakugo sighs. “Fuck.” He mutters which rips laughter from Kirishima’s throat.
 
“You’re too easy man!”
 
“She wouldn’t stop asking until I said yes and those idiots over there would give me shit at school if I didn’t agree.”
 
“I don’t remember you drinking that much at that party though.”
 
“Me neither so she’s planning something. If she’s trying to get laid she should just say so.” It’s possible it’s a test, people have spread rumors Bakugo and Kirishima fool around so maybe they’re checking to make sure Bakugo is still a playboy or not.
 
“Dude, how do you like...do it?”
 
Bakugo stares at him hard before getting up and walking away. He’s not going to have sex ed with Kirishima, they’re seniors in high school now he doesn’t have to explain this shit. Kirishima grabs the rest of his corn dog and follows after. “No, I mean like how do you do it with a person you’re not attracted to?”
 
“I imagine someone I am attracted to.” Obviously.
 
“Oh.” Kirishima pauses and leans in closer. “So are you going to imagine Kami tomorrow night?”
 
Bakugo stops abruptly and smacks the back of the others head before continuing his walk. Kirishima holds the back of his head with a whine. “Uncalled for dude! That wasn’t manly at all!” He followed after him into the next store though and he looked to see that Bakugo’s ears had some lingering pinkness to them and thinks he may have hit on something there. He smiles knowingly, it must be hard for Bakugo to pretend all the time to be something he’s not and pretend he doesn’t have the feelings he does. He hasn’t forgotten about Kaminari, no the other blond is still very present in his mind.
 
So they walked around the mall, looked at stuff, Kirishima finally went back to get what he actually came for and got to see the love of his life and flirt with him all over again. They left for Kirishima’s place and hung out until Bakugo’s mother called him home for dinner. He went home and sat in silence at the dinner table as he ate.
 
“So you have a good time with Kirishima?” His mother asked and Bakugo just shrugged.

“We hung out.”
 
“Anything good happen?” She pressed with a curious gaze and Bakugo shook his head.
 
“Nah, I got a date tomorrow night is all.”
 
“Oh!” She seems excited.
 
“Yeah, some girl from school finally tricked me into going to the movies with her.”
 
“Oh, just some girl?”
 
“Yeah, some girl.” He murmurs and she looks at him disapprovingly.
 
“Katsuki, you need to treat people with more respect. You can’t just call them some boy or some girl!”
 
“Maybe if they gave me some reason to respect them I would!”
 
“Guys…” His father said softly but the two were glaring at each other.
 
“You got to give them a chance! How are you going to find someone? No one is going to be willing to stay with you when you treat them like dirt!”
 
“I don’t give a shit, I’m not going to pretend to like someone! I’m not desperate!”
 
“You’re going to go off to college and be alone, Katsuki! I don’t want that for you! Kirishima won’t be single forever and be able to hang out with you all day!”
 
“What the hell does he have to do with anything?” He snaps and stands up abruptly.
 
“He’s your one good friend. Remember Izuku? He was so caring and patient with you but you wore it away! I don’t want you to repeat that same mistake!”
 
“Like hell it was a mistake!” He doesn’t make mistakes. “He was annoying, I never wanted him as a friend in the first place! You’re the one who kept setting up shitty play dates acting like we’d just get along! We had our own thoughts and opinions but I guess you don’t like that!”
 
“Katsuki! I’m just worried about you! I don’t want you to end up alone the rest of your life!”
 
“I’m 18! Stop acting like I’m 30 you old bag!” He leaves the table and storms up to his room. What the hell does she know? He’s got plenty of time to find some idiot he tolerants enough to spend the rest of his life with. He’s just got to get out of this damn house so he can finally date the people he wants to date. Bringing up stupid Deku was shitty of her though, he’s one of the few boys he’s kissed but he’s not sure if Midoriya is straight or bi or whatever. After middle school they went to different schools but he hasn’t heard word of the other coming out. His mother would have told him if Inko told her Midoriya came out as gay. 
 
Bakugo didn’t like to think about it so he was eager to distract himself with anything else as quickly as possible. He had to prepare for tomorrow night, surely the movie would end up with them going to the bathroom and doing it or going to her place to do it. He went over to his drawer and got a condom to put in his wallet. He thought about what Kirishima said about imagining someone else and imagining Kaminari. Bakugo has done everything in his power to move on from Kaminari but since he needed a distraction from other bullshit he couldn’t help but entertain the idea of what it’d be like.
 
She wasn’t an ugly girl by any means but he’s gay so he’s simply just not into what she has to offer. He’d have to be the dominant one, ravenous and forceful and he wonders how Kaminari would like it. He’d have his hands pinned above his head, he start to kiss, bite and suck at his neck and collar bone. The girl would moan out but Kaminari, he’d laugh between the moans because he’s always laughing. Always joking about something.
 
He’d smile up at Bakugo with eager playful eyes and a grin on his lips that’s hiding his nervousness. This would be Kaminari’s first time wouldn’t it? He has to be gentle with him and although Bakugo isn’t well versed in the art of gentle sex he’s sure Kaminari would be vocal about what he likes or dislikes though and he’d adjust to what he wanted. He’d treat Kaminari right and make him feel good and in return he’d get to see Kaminari in his most erotic state. 
 
Virginity is stupid, it’s made up for people to pretend they’re something when they’re not. Virgins pretend they’re some clean holy being while non-virgins pretend they’re big bad grown ups. They’re all a bunch of losers, having had sex or not have sex doesn’t make you different, it’s all how you experience it and with who. Bakugo has never had sex with a woman that has made him feel any less or any more than he is, it’s just something teens do because they’re dumb and horny.
 
He’s sure Kaminari would be nervous but he’d let him know he’s in good hands, he’ll make sure he feels good even if he doesn’t have experience making a man feel good in bed he’d do all the research on what he needs to do to make sure Kaminari’s smile doesn’t leave his face. With a sigh Bakugo feels his arousal straining in his pants and grunts at his reaction. He shouldn’t indulge himself on this but he’s not one to deny himself what he wants so fine he’ll rub one out with Kaminari in mind. It’s not a big deal.










Struggle and Fears
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Life in the Kaminari household had become close to unbearable for the young teen. Everyday felt like he was one step closer to being yelled at and disowned. After a week he finally talked to his mom, told her it was all a phase and he was sorry for scaring her. She smiled happily, she hugged him and just seemed so grateful he finally came around. She wasn’t relieved for any other reason than herself though, she was glad she wouldn’t get in trouble now. If Kaminari liked boys it’d be her fault and she was scared he’d leave her for another woman or whatever she seems to think he’d do. Kaminari isn’t sure but he can see her paranoia getting the better of her sometimes, he’s asked her if she’s considered seeing a therapist but she says she doesn’t have time and she’s fine.
 
She’s scared though, scared if she does anything her husband might dislike he’d leave her. If she becomes a burden and becomes selfish then he’d hate her and want another woman. There’s plenty of pretty women at his work that would love a wonderful man like him. Kaminari can almost feel sorry for her but she’s hurt him far too many time for him to give into those feelings. Maybe in time he’ll forgive her but right now he’s hurting and bitter. 
 
He tries to concentrate on school work and sports, he doesn’t doodle in class much and it feels like it’s back to normal. Pride was the only place he saw any color, here it’s all dull colors and meaningless teen drama. The only good people are Mina and Sero who have been nothing but supportive and helpful during this time. When he’s with them he feels a little lighter and they’ve been having more sleepovers lately. Sero’s parents were chill and most of the time they weren’t home so they had free range of the house. Sero could probably have a party with the whole school over and his parents would be fine with it but he was never interested. Just some close friends was all he needed and it was nice to kind of be the master of the house.
 
While they were cuddled up on the couch one Saturday evening Kaminari got a call from his dad. He stared at it hard and wanted to ignore it but knew better and got up to answer it. “Come home now, Denki. We need to talk.” His father’s voice rang clear and Kaminari felt his heart sink.
 
“What’s up? Is everything okay?”
 
“Get home now.” His father repeated, his wasn’t shouting but his tone was stern and cold.
 
“Dad, what’s going on?”
 
“Just get home, Denki.” His father replied with a little more bite and Kaminari knew he was on thin ice. Kaminari agreed before hanging up and walking over to Sero and Mina.
 
“I gotta go home I guess.”
 
“I’ll take you man.” Sero said getting up which left Mina alone on the couch. They’d offer for her to go but Kaminari’s parents don’t like her so if they’re pissed they’d be more pissed if they saw her as well. The two boys left and Sero drove Kaminari back home in relative silence, once he got out front he pulled to the curb to let Kaminari out.
 
“Man, I can pick you up again if you need me.” Sero says with a smile and Kaminari looks back with a grin and thumbs up.
 
“I got this, Sero.” He sure hopes he does. He walks into his house  and see’s his mother sitting in the kitchen table, she has been crying but she seemed to be just looking down ashamed. His father was leaning against the table with his arms crossed and looked at Kaminari with a scowl.
 
“Denki. Sit.” He commanded and Kaminari did so. 
 
“Uhh, what’s going on?” He’s pretty sure he didn’t fail any test, surprisingly and usually when he does fail the air isn’t this heavy.
 
“Your mother told you have a gay phase.” His father seethes and Kaminari feels his face turning red in embarrassment.
 
“Well I-” His throat squeezes and it feels like everything is closing in on him. “It was just a phase and I didn’t even do anything.”
 
“Oh what the hell Denki! What do you mean a gay phase? Who the hell have you been hanging out with? If some fag has been touching you just give me their name!” His father spat and Kaminari felt his blood run cold. He looked down, ashamed just like his mother and felt himself go rigid.
 
“N-No one touched me. No one did anything to me.” He whispered and his father slammed his hand on the table which made both flinch. Kaminari grit his teeth and looked over to his mother who had stupidly outed him like this wouldn’t have happened if she said something. He looked to do his dad. “I didn’t do shit with any guy! I’m not gay, I’m straight! Leave me alone!” He shouted before standing up, he knocked the chair over and ran to his room. He slammed the door and stood there in silence as tears fell down his cheeks and he just wanted to be anywhere but here. He wanted to be back at Pride, he wanted to be making out with Bakugo even if it was just for the day and they wouldn’t become anything. He was just so much happier then and he wanted anything to go back to that time.
 
He sniffled and crawled under his covers, he could hear his parents fighting downstairs. More or less his father lecturing his mother and he got his headphones on to listen to music to drown them out. He just wanted to run away, living on the streets didn’t seem so bad if this was the kind of home he had to live in. He had some money saved up from summer jobs he worked and if anything he could rent an apartment when he turns 18 right? He might have to couch surf for a bit until he gets everything settled but he could do this. He’d hate to use his friends kindness like that but he’d make sure to repay them 100 times over. With a heavy breath and pulled the covers up over his face and curled up into himself as the music played in his ear. If he could just go to sleep and wait for the next day maybe things would be better.
 
The next morning he was up for school, he left without saying a word to his mother and was rather melancholy all day even when Sero and Mina were joking with him. He just couldn’t shake the feeling something had snapped, whatever balance his family life had was ruined and now nothing would be the same. It was destroying him and his anxiety which started making him excessively tired and when school ended all he wanted to do was go home and sleep. 
 
He walked home slowly with the music blasting in his ears and his mother was cooking in the kitchen, he didn’t greet her and just walked to his room. He threw his bag onto his bed when it hit him something was off. The stuff that was under his bed was no longer completely under his bed. Some of it was right there out in the open on the floor. His heart sank and he dropped to his knees to push the other stuff away and grab the box he had hidden. 
 
It was light.
 
He opened it.
 
It was empty.
 
He stared dumbfounded for a bit until he frantically began to look under his bed for what should be in that box. He found nothing. The buttons, the shirts, there were old photos in there, old poems and drawings, hell there was even an old suicide note from middle school in there and it was all gone. He scrambled to get up and ran out to the kitchen.
 
“Mom! Where’d you put my stuff!”
 
“What stuff, dear?” She asked without turning to face him.
 
“The stuff that was in the box under my bed! The stuff I got from pride!”
 
“Oh that? I threw it out dear! No sense in it being there since your over your little phase, right?” She answered with a smile and his face grew pale. His hands clenched together and he took a step back from her. He shook his head in disbelief before running to the garbage out front. He picked up the bag of garbage on top and there was all his stuff. He scrambled to grab it all with hot tears streaming down his face. He put the bag back and stomped inside. He didn’t have anything to hide anymore, he didn’t care if she knew now so he went to wash the shirts and clean off the buttons. Anything made of paper had some weird juice from the trash around it soaked in so it wasn’t salvageable. He looked at the worn light grey writing on the papers. The dumb love poems he had written some were even inspired by a couple cute guys in his middle school. He told himself it’s because if they were a girl he’d find them really cute but that was a lie, from what he could recall they were cute guys that made him smile and captured his young heart.
 
He unfolded another paper and saw it was the suicide note he made freshmen year of high school. It was about how he felt like he didn’t belong, his family life felt hollow, he wasn’t smart or talented and wasn’t good enough to be alive. He apologized to his mother, he also apologized to Sero and Mina but he couldn’t bring himself to apologize to his dad. He was always disconnected from his dad, he didn’t love or respect his dad he just feared him and now hated him. He hated them both. 
 
So he washed the clothes, he got two bags full of his stuff set on his bed and when dinner came around he sat there in silence as they all ate. His mother seemed content, his father was mildly tolerable. Kaminari knew they all wanted things to go back to normal, they wanted to pretend nothing happened, he’s a heterosexual and he wasn’t a failure and that’s the story they wanted to live with. He couldn’t though, not anymore, he couldn’t stand living in a house with two strangers who never cared nor loved him. He finished his meal with some struggled and cleared his throat.
 
“Mom. Dad. I’m gay.” He announced. He’s still very bi but at this point they wouldn’t know what that means. “I like boys. I met a boy at Pride and we made out. He really made me happy. I’m not dating him but I know I like boys.”
 
His mother paled and shot a look to her husband who had stopped midbit and threw his fork down. “Denki.” He said warningly.
 
“Dear, he’s not-”
 
“I’m gay.” Kaminari said sternly with a heavy glare at his father, his eyes are watering and close to crying but he’s holding strong.
 
“No, you are not.” His father snaps and Kaminari flinches but he doesn’t give in.
 
“I’m gay, dad! I’m going to date boys and I’m going to marry a man. There’s nothing you can do about it!” He might be getting over his head but he’s not going to let them deny his sexuality or part of it any longer.
 
“Denki!” His father shoots up from the table. “You shut the hell up! You’re lying and I’m not having any of it!”
 
“I’m not lying! What the hell is so wrong about being gay!? What does that have to do with anything!? I’m still your son!”
 
“If you’re going to act like this you are no son of mine!” His father shoots back and Kaminari feels his resolve waver for a second before gulping and looking to his mother. She doesn’t look to him, he knows she won’t help him and he takes a step away from the dinner table.
 
“Either accept me for who I am or I’ll leave.” He threatened and he hoped that something would get through to his father, some shred of parental love was there to make his father remember that his son is right there in front of him.
 
His father went silent, inhaled deeply. “Get out of my house.”
 
Kaminari’s mouth dropped, the tears started to fall and he stood frozen for a few seconds before he hurried to his room to get his stuff. He got his backpack and the duffle bag and headed out of the house. He opened the front door paused for a split second, he could hear his mother crying and apologizing but it wasn’t to him, it was to his father. He inhaled and got his phone out to text Sero he needs a place to stay. He walks along his street until the other picks him up and he puts his stuff in the back.
 
“Kami...what…”
 
Kaminari started sobbing the minute he got buckled in and Sero took a deep breath a figured he’d wait until later to ask. They got to Sero’s home and he pulled Kaminari to his room where they laid down and he cuddled the crying teen in his arms. He waited until the other calmed down enough and asked again.
 
“What happened?” He whispered, scared that being too loud might trigger an outburst.
 
“I came out...out out. I told them I was gay.” He shuddered out “I told’em...I told them either accept me or I leave.” He gasped as a sob struck him. “He told me to leave.”
 
“He’s going to regret that.” Sero said softly and pet the others head ever so gently. He hopes his parents regret hurting Kaminari like this, he hopes they see the error of their ways and realize they want to love their son for who he is but Sero can’t promise anything. “Stay here as long as you need.”
 
“Th-thanks,” the blond choked out and clung to Sero’s shirt harder and cried his heart out. He felt scared, he knew Sero and Mina would help him out as much as they could but he couldn’t be a burden to them. How was he going to go to school? Did it even matter? There was no way he’d be getting into college. Not like he even wanted to go in the first place. He had no passions to drive him forward. He should just work as waiter and hope for the best from there.
 
It took a few hours before he finally calmed down and eventually passed out in Sero’s bed. The other didn’t mind and comforted him the whole time until he went asleep and slowly got out of his bed to go wash up and text Mina and Kirishima about this situation.
 
[Sero] I know it’s late guys but Kami’s here and well...shit hit the fan. He got kicked out of his house.
 
[Mina] oh no…
 
[Kirishima] Shit, not cool! Is he okay? I mean, fuck he’s definitely not okay but like






[Sero] He’s sleeping right now, cried himself to sleep.
 
[Mina] oh kami. I want to come over.
 
[Sero] well i’m not going to force him to go to school tomorrow. I’m not sure how it works. He wont be 18 for a couple more months so idk what to do.
 
[Mina] I’ll ask my parents.
 
[Kirishima] shit dude, I feel so useless since I’m so far away. Fuck man.
 
[Sero] No man it’s all good. Just being able to talk to you both is helping me out which can help him. We just need support yknow
 
[Kirishima] Yeah, our next break I’m gonna come visit man. I’ll cook up a storm or...anything man.
 
[Sero] You’re awesome man. Don’t worry too much
 
[Mina] my mom said she’ll drop my off and wants to talk with us. 
 
[Sero] oh sure, if she has any advice we should hear it.
 
[Kirishima] keep me posted guys. Try to get some sleep.
 
[Mina] Thanks Kiri, we will!
 
[Sero] Yeah man
 
The group chat was done for now and Sero waited for Mina and her mom to come over. He had something warm for them to drink and they sat around the table. From what they know Kaminari can be put in a shelter, he can be put in foster program as well but since he’s turning 18 things are a bit more tricky in that once he does turn 18 he might be turned away from a foster program. He can continue to go to high school, that shouldn’t be a problem but it worries her that such a traumatic event will ruin his chances at good grades and it might be something to consider him taking time off of school. A therapist is a must.
 
Mina’s mother’s seem ready to take control of the situation as best they can. Firsts things first he needs a safe place to stay and they’d go from their, he might not be ready to talk or take advice right away which is what the therapist is there for. It’d be a miracle if he didn’t go into a depressive episode so it’ll be important to keep an eye on him.
 
“Hanta, your parents are gone a lot. If you want you can all come over.” Mina’s mother says softly and Sero smiles.
 
“It might be nice to have a few sleepovers at your place but I’m okay.” Thankfully his parents gave him money for food and he’s sure if he explained the situation they’d be more than willing to add more to his allowance to make sure Kaminari is well fed.
 
“This is a lot for you guys. You’re still young and in high school so if you’re overwhelmed let us know.”
 
“Yeah, we’ll be counting on you guys a lot.” Sero admits with a sheepish smile and she smiles back at him.
 
“It’s no problem.” Mina’s mom says and the three go quiet for a bit, the heaviness in the air is a lot even for an adult.
 
“Mom...what about Kami’s parents? Do we just ignore them?”
 
“Well, I would like to have a few words with them myself but it’s best we talk to the authorities about this. I’ll take care of that though, for now don’t worry too much.”
 
“What if they come over tomorrow or something to take Kami back?” Sero asks and Mina’s mother nods.
 
“I’m going to stay the night and tomorrow to talk to Kaminari. He shouldn’t go to school after everything so if they call him I’ll be there to help him through whatever they have to say. I can’t stop them from coming to get him, that’s where the authorities come into play. I wouldn’t feel right letting them take him back to their home but he’s not 18 yet so they still have legal authority over him.”
 
She explains but the two teens look at each other. “You’re going to make us go to school?” Mina asks.
 
“Yes dear, I know you’re worried but I want you to do your best and let the adults take care of it. I promise I’ll do everything I can to make sure he stays safe but you two shouldn’t let it disrupt your lives.”
 
“But mom…”
 
“If it seems he needs you guys I’ll let you know but for now please listen.” Mina’s mother pleads to them with an earnest gaze and the two seem reluctant but nod. “Good, go to bed you guys.”
 
“I have an extra blanket you can use.” Sero said as he got up to get said blanket and a pillow for Mina’s mother to use. They left her to use the couch and Sero took Mina to his room where they both cuddled up with Kaminari in the middle. Mina started to sniffle as tears fell without her permission.
 
“D-Do you think he’s going to be okay? They won’t force him to go far away will they?”
 
“Who is they?”
 
“I don’t know...children’s service? Foster programs? Any of that.”
 
“No, I don’t think so and once he’s 18 they can’t make him go anywhere he doesn’t want to go and we’ll make sure he stays here with us.”
 
“O-Okay.”
 
“Hey, stop crying you big baby.”
 
“I’m worried!” she whispers loudly.
 
“Me too, but we gotta be strong.”
 
“I’m trying…”
 
“You’re doing great.”
 
There’s a short pause as Mina gives him a smile. “You too.”








Chapter End Notes
thanks for the comments and kudos guys. I hope you're enjoying it so far, it's a tough time for Kami and bakugo but they have a good support system in their friends.


The Mess




School was impossible.
 
Moving out of bed for more than using the restroom was impossible.
 
Kaminari felt like a dead weight that could not bother to move for more than a few minutes a day. Mina’s mother talked to him but his heart just shattered every time he had to think about what was going on. He hated his family, he hated them and he hated himself for being a burden to his friends. There was nothing he could do though, he had no power to fix this and was soon spiraling into a deep depression. 
 
His parents didn’t want him any longer. Mina’s mother talked to them or at least tried to talk to them. She tried to make them remember that Kaminari is their only son, he is young and still needs them. They should love him no matter what and to think about his feelings. They didn’t take kindly to that, they didn’t like how a woman, a gay woman outside their family was telling them what to do. They threatened to call the cops and she knew when to step away. 
 
She wasn’t offended, she’s had a whole life of people disliking her for who she decided to love but it made her stronger. Yes, it still stung but there was no denying who she was, her existence was a not a crime and she got to meet the most wonderful woman and have a beautiful daughter with her. It was everything she ever wanted and there was no longer a doubt in her mind what was right and wrong. Love is Love.
 
Right now Kaminari’s parents didn’t realize that and it was apparent that the two didn’t even love each other. They were hurting Kaminari but it might be the best he stay away from them, their toxic beliefs and pressure would only harm him more. Authorities were notified along with the school so it was only up to Kaminari. They couldn’t force him to go to school but they encouraged him to try. Having time off for a few days or even a week seemed reasonable but he can’t stay in bed all day.
 
Getting up, showering, eating and getting enough water for the day was his responsibility. Once his mood picked up he’d go back to school.
 
Kaminari knew that was the best course of action but he didn’t want to do anything. He wanted to stay inside and feel sorry for himself but he knew he’d only make his friends worry if he did. He pushed himself to at least try and act like a functioning human being. He humored them with a small smile when they tried to make him laugh and eventually he did start smiling for real.
 
It took weeks for him to gain some form of normality. He’d bounce between staying at Sero’s place or with Mina and he’d do his best to contribute to the house. He felt out of place, he felt like he was in the way more often than not. His phone no longer worked since it wasn’t under his parents plan anymore, it could connect to wifi from there and work but that left him high and dry if there was an emergency. 
 
At school rumors were flying that he got Mina pregnant or something since he’s been seen coming and going with her from school. She was still a die hard lesbian but she didn’t fight the rumors if anything she found them funny and would tease Kaminari to hopefully get him to laugh.
 
“I guess I can get fat now since people think I’m pregnant. Lets go to Taco bell!”
 
“You’re so fit Mina, you’d never get fat.” Kaminari says with a soft smile.
 
“Oh, what a wonderful baby daddy~” She coos and he snorts out a small laugh.
 
Sero comes back with his food from the cafeteria and sits down with them. They’re inside because now it’s winter and only the goth kids seem to like sitting outside when it’s close to snowing out. Something poetic about bracing the cold clutches of death and the beauty of an eternal winter is usually the response people get when they ask why the hell they’re still out there when it’s freezing cold. Kaminari leans against Sero’s arm, he’s far more cuddly recently but neither mind, it’s actually a great sign to see he’s not pushing them away. 
 
Sero got a ding from his phone and looked down to see it’s from Kirishima. These past couple weeks they’ve been talking, a lot about Kaminari and Kirishima has been wanting to come visit during winter break. He would have to get the okay from his parents and from the text it seems it’s all good as long as Sero’s okay with it.
 
“Hey Kami, I’ve got good news for you.”
 
“Mhm?” He doesn’t look at him but just makes a noise loud enough to let the other know he’s listening.
 
“Kiri’s gonna come hang out during winter break, before Christmas.”
 
“H-Huh?”
 
“Kiri!” Mina chirps and claps her hands together. “I missed him!”
 
“He’s coming over to visit?” Kaminari asks and smiles too. Kirishima and him have kept in contact, they actually get along quite nicely so he’s pretty pumped the other is going to make the long journey over. He’ll be happy to see him but Kaminari’s mind always starts thinking of Bakugo when he thinks of the other. He’s had a hard time suppressing his desire to ask Kirishima if Bakugo has talked about him at all. He so desperately wanted to know if Bakugo missed him even a little or brought him up just on the off chance but he ended up deleting any sort of text like that. He knew what the answer would be. A sorry bro, he’s doing his own thing, kind of reply.
 
Kaminari likes to believe that Bakugo thinks about him sometimes in secret like how he thinks about him. It’s like a fairytale romance but Kaminari needed some magic in his life and imagining that a cute boy might be thinking about him is what was needed to get him through the day then no one should judge him.
 
“Yup, gonna stay for a week!”
 
“A week.” That seemed like a long time but the break was two weeks long so it wasn’t like he’d up his whole vacation. Kaminari grinned and felt some warmth spread through his body. “It’ll be nice to see him!”
 
“It will! We gotta do something fun!”
 
“Snow is forcasted soon so we’ll see what we can do. Might just be a hang out and chill kind of visit.”
 
“That’s fun too but we can get a karaoke machine and party it up! I can totally score some liquor and we can unwind and let loose!” Mina exclaims and Kaminari and Sero hum in agreement. They’re still underaged but Sero’s parents don’t mind if he drinks as long as he’s not getting shit faced. They’re the kind of parents that want  him to do it at home if he’s going to. Mina’s were lax but she’d definitely have to sneak the alcohol so they won’t try to crash their little get together.
 
The three were excited for someone to break things up in a positive way so they eagerly got ready for Kirishima’s arrival.
 
When Kirishima heard the news of Kaminari being thrown out of his house he was reeling. He wanted to pack up his bags and drive over there so he could give Kaminari the biggest hug of his life and tell his parents that they’re making a horrible mistake by doing this. He only hung out with Kaminari for one day and he knew the blond as a wonderful, sweet, and super manly dude. He didn’t deserve this and he was his friend so it took a lot of convincing from his parents not to go.
 
They weren’t angry at him for wanting to go, they were actually proud their son felt so strongly for his friends and was willing to drive for 3 hours or more to get to them in their time of need but he had school and responsibilities. If Kaminari was homeless and needed a place to stay their door was open but Kaminari had friends near him to better help him so Kirishima was told to sit down and wait just a bit. He got more information that night and was relieved to know that Mina’s parents were taking action and the blond would be safe.
 
Still, the desire to see the other didn’t fade and it’s all he could talk about. He told Bakugo right away, even if Bakugo didn’t have romantic feelings for Kaminari there was no way he wouldn’t feel something about what had happened. 
 
Bakugo’s eyes widened then the ash blond narrowed his gaze down and shoved his hands in his pocket. “Dumbass.” He hissed under his breath. “It’s his own fault for coming out when he’s not ready to take care of himself.”
 
Kirishima glared hard at his friend, he knew that Bakugo didn’t mean it but this is no time to be saying things like that about someone so afraid right now. “Bakugo.”
 
“He should have know his parents weren’t going to be supportive. That shit is obvious.” He retorts coldly and stares out the car window as Bakugo drives him home.
 
“Bakugo…” Kirishima stares at the road but he wants to continue to give Bakugo that hard look of disappointment. He knows this is reaffirming the plan Bakugo has about never coming out until he’s independent. “This isn’t about you.”
 
“I never said it-”
 
“He’s been disowned by his parents. He was probably really brave, he stood up for himself and was honest with himself. It’s his parent’s fault for now loving him, he did nothing wrong…”
 
“Brave and stupid! Kirishima, I’ve told you before! It’s not fucking easy to be in the closet! You walk on eggshells all fucking day everyday and you see your homophobic parents bullshit.”
 
“Yeah but-”
 
“Sure, I could fucking tell my parents I’m gay and they can kick me out too! You want that!? Huh!? Me and that idiot can be the little pity cases but at least we were fucking brave right!?”
 
Kirishima grits his teeth and tears start to form at the corner of his eyes. He pulls up to Bakugo’s house and stops the car. He looks to Bakugo sad and hurt, he gulps hard and narrows his eyes. “It must be hard living that kind of life. I’ve been blessed with parents that support me. School isn’t easy being out but it’s nothing I can’t handle. It must be hard being stuck in a shitty situation so I think it’s important to be kind and patient towards those who are suffering.”
 
Bakugo sneers and gets out of the car.
 
Kirishima speaks up a bit louder before the other closes the door. “I’m glad he did it. If he continued to live his life walking on eggshells he could start becoming bitter and cold and no one wants to be around that kind of person.”
 
Bakugo pauses, eyes wide, a flash of fear in his gaze before he buries it down and slams the car door. He walks back to his house without another word and just hurries to his room. He’s not feeling good and although his mother asks him what happened he knows he can’t explain it. If he did she’d definitely say.
 
“I told you so.”
 
He goes to his room, gets on his bed and curls up under the blankets as he forces the tearing in his chest to go down. Did he finally fucking do it? Did he lose the last good friend in his life? He finally drove Kirishima the sweetest most understanding guy away with how much a shit stain he is? It’s a miracle Kirishima lasted this long. Bakugo is sure this was a long time coming, Kirishima probably wanted to stop being Bakugo’s friend a long time ago but didn’t have an out good enough to warrant him finally giving up on him.
 
It hurt, it hurt more than he realized it would. He knew this was coming because although Kirishima is wonderful he's like everyone else and would eventually break down and leave him. Bakugo only had himself to blame.








Their heart
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Kirishima wasn’t one to start fights nor was he one to be in any fights in general. He was a big dude, bulky with plenty of muscle and he looked like the type that would get into fights but anyone who has talked to him for over a minute knows he’s a big softy with a heart of gold. Being in a situation like this is completely foreign to him, he’s had falling out with friends. Usually girls who had crushed on him and saw his kindness and friendship as flirting and were hurt to find out he was gay. It wasn’t really a fight though in that case it was more like a rejection and the girl moving on. Only a few of them stayed to be his friends for which he was grateful.
 
Bakugo was always different and wild to deal with but he was a good guy deep down. He was hard working, a perfectionist through and through which is where his issues stemmed from. Bakugo held himself to high standards, he wanted to be everything a popular teen male should be. He was that star on the football team, he was the best in class, he was handsome and could get any girl. The only hiccup was he was gay, there wasn’t anything he could do to change that and it put a wrench in his image of perfection. It messed up everything or at least he seemed to think so. He didn’t seem to find homosexuality a flaw in anyone else except himself.
 
The fact that it could be used against him terrified him and Kirishima saw it almost instantly. He wanted to help, he wanted to help Bakugo see just how amazing being gay could be, that’s why for their sophomore year they went to Pride and again for their Junior year. Kirishima had hoped it would make Bakugo come to realization that being gay was just another part of his perfect self but obviously it wasn’t working as well as he hoped it would.
 
So after their fight he talked to the one person he wished to be comforted by in this situation. There was only one bro manly enough to be a shoulder for him to cry on and that was his crush Tetsutetsu. He texted him if he could come over and hang and his bro like the dream of perfect manliness he was agreed. 
 
Kirishima drove over and they hugged in a tight embrace, they squeezed each other hard until they pulled away to smile at each other. 
 
“Man, some shit went down.” Kirishima said as Tetsutetsu let him in and they walked to his room.
 
“Dude, what happened?” The Silver haired male asked as they plopped down on his bed. Kirishima would have been flustered if it were under any other circumstances. Yeah, he’s been in Tetsu’s room and sitting on his bed before where he felt like any minute he might blurt out a confession but this is different. 
 
“Bakugo and I had a fight.”
 
“Oh shit? You hurt?” A fight with Bakugo tended to be a physical one but he couldn’t see any bruises on the other.
 
“Emotionally yeah, physically no.”
 
Tetsutetsu nodded for him to continue and Kirishima inhaled a shaky breath as he clasped his hands together. “So the guy we met at pride I told you about...well he got disowned recently.”
 
“What!? Does he need a place to stay? If he needs-” Kirishima smiles and pinches the others lips together for a second.
 
“He’s got friends he’s staying with but it’s super manly of you to offer since you don’t even know him.” Kirishima inhales again. “He’s okay but it’s super shitty for him, he’s really scared and alone, his parents aren’t going to help him anymore nor do they seem to love him. I was talking to Bakugo about it and he kept ridiculing Kaminari for coming out. I couldn’t handle him talking badly about the other especially when Kaminari is in so much pain. I just got so mad at him so I told him no one wants to be around bitter people.” 
 
“That’s true man, you’re right to say that. He probably needs to hear it.”
 
“But! Maybe I went too far? Maybe I should have said it differently. I should have been patient and thought of something better but I just- I couldn’t stop myself.”
 
“Dude, he’s got his issues like some real big issues but just because you’re his friend doesn’t mean you need to fix him. That’s a therapist’s job.” Tetsutetsu said and pat Kirishima on the shoulder and then tugged Kirishima closer so the other could rest his head on his manly shoulder.
 
If it were any other time Kirishima would be flustered, likely blushing and wondering what this all means but for now it was a comfort he desperately needed. He leaned into the shoulder and sighed. “I know but-”
 
“No buts dude!” Tetsutetsu snaps. “Bakugo is a strong dude, tough and pretty cool in his own way but he’s kind of fucked up. He’s got his fear of being judged but that doesn’t mean he can be an ass to others especially an awesome guy like you! You did a great thing by telling him off ‘cause sometimes you need to hear that shit! Handling him with kids gloves isn’t going to help him!”
 
Kirishima smiles sadly and nods. “But now I don’t think we’ll be friends again.”
 
“You guys will! You guys are tight as shit with each other! I don’t know a pair of dudes that count on each other more than you two.”
 
“Well we’ve known each other for a long time but I’m nervous. He’s stubborn and if he’s decided we’re never going to be friends again then it’s likely we’ll never be friends.”
 
“You guys will make up. Maybe give him some time to cool off. He’s not as bad as he was but he’s still a hot head.”
 
“You can say that again.”
 
“He’s a hot head.”
 
Kirishima snorts and laughs into the others shoulder before letting out a sigh and laying down on the others bed. He lays on his side and sighs. Tetsutetsu turns a bit to look at him then lays down next to him on his side facing him. Tetsutetsu mulls over what he wants to say, it’s something that’s been on his mind for a long time and he wonders if right now is an okay time to say it.
 
“Hey, Kiri…”
 
“Yeah?”
 
“I gotta tell you something.”
 
“Go for it dude.” Kirishima blinks with a wide curious gaze. He notes how solemn the other is but doesn’t want to pressure the other. 
 
“When I was in middle school...well lets say I was a real fuck up.” Tetsutetsu chuckles under his breath bitterly. “I uhh...I had a few friends but I had this one friend I was really close with and we just got along really well. We clicked you know. He and I always hung out and it was chill but he eventually stopped me one day to talk to me. We were chillin on my bed kinda like this and he told me he was gay.” He seemed to close his eyes tightly and flinch at the oncoming memory.
 
“Oh yeah?” Kirishima asked just to get the other to come back from the memory and finish his story.
 
When Tetsutetsu opened his eyes he looked truly pained and Kirishima didn’t know how to respond to such an expression. “The first words out of my stupid mouth was...that’s gross. I didn’t even think about it I just said it and the look on his face- bro, I will never forget the pain and betrayal I saw.” He takes a shaky breath. “He got mad at me, and I got mad at him for getting mad at me but he was in the right. I shouldn’t have said what I said and man I still don’t know why I said it.”
 
“Are you guys not friends anymore?”
 
“No, we’re friends again but it took some time. I was scared man, I had to take some time to delve deep inside myself and figure out if I meant what I said. Did I think he was gross? Is being gay gross? At first I was like maybe it is? But then I remembered his face and the look of hurt that I caused and I realized that I was the gross one. It took time but I eventually got to apologize to him and ask for help. I’m an idiot so I needed someone to explain it and even though he was pissed and should have told me to fuck off he let me back in his life and helped me.”
 
Kirishima gulped and a question he’s always wanted to ask but never got to before finally seemed like it was time to let it free. “Tetsu...you’ve grown a lot man and you’re the most open honest dude I know now so you changed! It’s super manly but I’m curious...are you open to uhh...dating a dude?”
 
Tetsutetsu blushed brightly and Kirishima did the same and the two were laying their in awkward disaster gay silence. It took a solid minute until Tetsutetsu slapped his own face to get him back into reality. He sat up and coughed in his hand. “I uhh, I mean- I dunno man, I never found myself super attracted to guys. I think girls are cute and some guys are kind of cute or I dunno…”
 
“You don’t have to answer man or figure it out now I was just curious.” Kirishima said sitting up as well. “If you do have any questions I’m here to help!”
 
“Thanks. I mean I guess I could be open to it. I might be in Bakugo’s boat though where I wouldn’t want my parents to know but I don’t think being gay is a crime. When I fall in love I’m going to love the hell out of that person.” He claims brightly with plenty of enthusiasm and Kirishima can’t help but fall deeper and deeper in love with the other. He hopes he can be that person Tetsutetsu would love the hell out of. He’d really enjoy that.
 
“Yeah mom, I wouldn’t worry too much about it.” Sero says over the phone as he hangs out in the living room. Kaminari is in his room sleeping and he’s chilling talking to his parents about the situation. 
 
“Are you sure? We’ll send some more money for food but uhh we can get a flight back in a couple days. We would leave sooner but the board meeting is taking up a lot of time since we’re re-writing some of the contract-- sorry, I know this is boring.” His mother sounds so sullen and obviously she’d rather be home with her child then stuck looking over a contract but it can’t be helped right now.
 
“Don’t worry mom, I got it. I just feel bad for him y’know.”
 
“I bet, sweetheart.”
 
“When your father and I come back we’ll take you both out to somewhere nice. We can go to disneyland.”
 
Sero snorts out a laugh. “Maybe during one of our breaks but don’t worry about it.”
 
“Hun, it’s okay to want more from us. It’s sweet of you to be okay with us traveling around but if you want more time just let us know and we’ll take time off.”
 
“I know mom and that’s kinda why I’m cool with it. We used to spend a lot of time together in that van traveling around the country but I like having an actual home and it’s perfect since I have a friend who needs a place to stay.”
 
“That’s true. Just let us know Sero, if anything happens text or call.”
 
“Sure, tell dad I said hey.”
 
“Will do!” His mom chirps and hangs up the phone. Sero puts his phone down with a sigh. He does miss them but he’s a teenager so this kind of independence is welcome. He’s lucky his parents love him so much and do worry about it, they aren’t perfect but they try. Compared to what Kaminari is dealing with he’s definitely got an easy life but he’s stressed right now regardless. Worry upon worry is mounting on him and he can’t really tell anyone since his two close friends are part of it. He doesn’t know how Kaminari is going to complete high school like this, he’s not sure how he’s going to get into college or pay for it. Kaminari isn’t eating enough or moving around much to begin with.
 
It’s stressful to have a dear friend in such a state but there’s not much he can do for him except encourage him when he can. He knows it’s going to take time for things to settle but in the meantime what is he supposed to do?
 
A face flashed in a mind, a face he thought he long forgot about or at least figured he should forget about. He went into his contacts and sure enough he still had the other man’s number but there’s no way of knowing if the other even remembered him from that summer many years ago. He could have gotten a new phone with a new number so it might be a fruitless venture but why the hell not try? The other never texted him so he never texted or called either. He thought they got along really well that time at summer camp but obviously not enough to warrant them keeping contact.
 
He knew the other had some father issues and just a troubled home life but he wasn’t sure the extent of it or if it’s gotten worse or not. It wouldn’t hurt to catch up would it? He won’t tell him what’s going on but if he’s down to talk he could use the distraction.
 
[To Todoroki From Sero] Hey, it’s me Sero. I’m the plain guy from summer camp before we went to high school lol I know this is random but I thought of you and wondered what you were up to.
 
Sero paused at his rather long message but he sent it anyways because what else should he say. He hopes the other even remembers him. He read it and then a full minute goes by until the 3 little dots pop up. Sero felt uncharacteristically nervous about it and the more he read his message back the more he realized how damn creepy it was. He started sweating and almost hoped he had the wrong number.
 
[Todoroki] Sero, it’s good to hear from you. I have been thinking about you too. I am well, I hope you are as well. 

[Todoroki] It’s getting cold lately isn’t it?
 
Sero felt his heart skip a beat and couldn’t help but reread the whole thinking about you too bit and made him feel all warm inside. It was so stagnant and cliche for a conversation but it was very Todoroki and it made Sero smile.
 
[Sero] Yeah man, it’s getting cold so I’ve been breaking out the big jackets. You like the cold if I remember correctly.
 
[Todoroki] You are correct, I prefer the cold especially since it makes feeling warm so much more appealing.
 
[Sero] I get what you mean! To come inside after being out in the cold is really nice!
 
[Todoroki] Do you have a home now? Or do you still travel with your parents?
 
[Sero] I live in a house now! Lolol my parents travel for work but they got a place. It’s kind of like my own in a way.
 
[Todoroki] I hope that’s not lonely. You don’t have any siblings, right?
 
[Sero] Yeah, only child. You’ve got a couple of them though? A boy and a girl?
 
[Todoroki] Close, I’m surprised you remembered. Two older brothers and an older sister.
 
[Sero] lol sick! I was close! You were like my best friend at camp man so of course I remember our conversations...as best I can.
 
There was a long pause between that message and Todoroki’s next message and Sero took that time to get check on Kaminari. The other was sitting up in bed looking at his phone, he was connected to Sero’s wifi so he could use it and seemed to be scrolling through something.
 
“Hey man, I’m gonna make lunch by the way. It’s gonna be awesome.” Sero said with a bright smile.
 
“Huh? Oh yeah? Cool.” Kaminari says without looking up from his phone. He takes a deep breath and finally looks up to Sero. “Sorry man, that sounds great.” He knows he should properly look at the other especially with all he’s doing for him. He slowly gets out of bed and stretches his arms up.
 
“Don’t worry, Kami. It’s gonna take some time to get past this but I’m glad you’re trying.”
 
“Yeah...gotta keep tryin’ not much else I can do.” Kaminari clears his throat and tries to be cheerful. “A-Anyways! Need any help?”
 
Sero nods and slings his arms around Kaminar’s shoulder as they walk back out to the kitchen to get some lunch going. While Kaminari is helping stir the pot for their soup Sero finally looks at his phone and he can’t help but smile fondly at the message.
 
[Todoroki] I miss those days. I’m feeling nostalgic. I hope we can meet again.



[Todoroki] If you are open to it I’d like to keep talking with you when you have time.
 
Sero takes a deep breath and hurries to reply.
 
[Sero] Of course man, text me whenever you want! I’ll be bugging you from now on!








Chapter End Notes
Kiritetsu is cuteI'm Seroroki trash. I think it's so cute.I love multishipping.Mina will eventually get the love of her life.Tetsutetsu is likely pansexualWill make another update tonight.


Confusing Times
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Contact between Bakugo and Kirishima stopped and everyone at school noticed and of course started talking about it. Some figured they had a fight and while others thought of it as friends falling out others considered it a relationship that ended. When people asked either of them what was going on both refused to answer.The girl he slept with some time ago asked him for another date and since he had nothing better to do he agreed. It really was just a ploy to sleep with him and he didn’t mind the distraction. She wanted to go ice skating and although he loathed the idea, he hated being stuck at home wallowing in his self pity even more. She put up with his shitty personality and he’d fuck her or at least try. To be fair he couldn’t always get it up, it has been hard to think of someone else. When he tries he see’s Kaminari and then he feels an overwhelming sense of guilt he can’t quite place and he just can’t do it anymore. The girl asks if it’s her and of course he agrees without a second thought. Of course it’s her, she’s ugly as hell.He told her that to her face. She cried and told him to leave the hotel room they rented for the evening. He did. She texted him to apologize to her and he never responded. She texted him a few more times telling him how mean he was and he ignored those too and then just a week later she texted him that it’s water under the bridge and he should come over. He said yeah and they planned another “date” for the first weekend of winter break.He didn’t have much to do anyways and he hated winter most of all so why the hell not. It’s not like she has actual feelings for him, they’re both just playing around like the dumb teens they are. It’s friday night, just a few weeks after the fight and Bakugo is hanging at home with his parents. They’re watching a movie on the couch and it’s actually rather tame and relaxing. Tomorrow he’ll go do some date with the girl and try to fuck her before going back home to sleep, he’ll probably be invited to a party or two with the guys on the football team afterwards and he’ll show up and drink a bit. He hates stupid parties but it’s all a show to pretend to be part of the crowd so he’s got to do it. With a sigh he tries to just enjoy the movie but a knock at the door disrupts his thoughts. He grunts as he gets up and opens the door to see Kirishima. His eyes widen before he glares and Kirishima looks at him sadly.“Hey man.” The redhead starts and Bakugo clicks his tongue.“Hey.”“Can I talk to you for a minute...outside?”Bakugo looks to his parents before letting out a sigh and nodding. “Take a coat, Katsuki!” His mother yells from her seat and he cringes but does as he’s told. He did it because it’s damn cold, not because she told him to do it.He gets his coat on and walks out towards the middle of the driveway and the two stop and stand side by side. Kirishima takes a deep breath and looks to the other. “Look man, about what I said…” he pauses. “I kinda still mean it but you’re my friend and I had to be honest with you.”“Your friend?”“Yeah man, you’re my friend. We’re friends.”Bakugo is at a loss for words, he didn’t know they were still friends and he’s suddenly feeling a bit confused and embarrassed. “How the fuck can you be friends with a bitter cold asshole like me?”“Cause I know you aren’t...yet. You’re getting there but I think with support you wont end up always so angry. You need to love yourself for who you are and not be ashamed. That’s what Pride is all about man. I think Kami realized he loved himself and figured he didn’t deserve to live a life where who he is needs to be kept secret. The world is cruel man the least we could do is be kind to each other.”Bakugo remains silent for a bit before letting out a small snort. “Nice speech, you write that one up or wing it?”“I wrote it up a few times I’ll admit.” Kirishima said with a small laugh and Bakugo smiles sadly.“We’re really still friends?” He asks as he stares up at the sky.“Yeah. Friends don’t give up on each other.” Kirishima inhales the cold night air and stares at Bakugo. “That’s also why I gotta tell you that tomorrow I’m going to Sero’s to visit for a week. I want to know if you’ll go with me?”“Huh? You’re fucking going over there?”“Mhm! I want to see Sero and of course Mina and Kami! I want to hang out with my friends and I dunno...give Kaminari a damn hug. I know he needs it.”“How is he?” Bakugo asks softly and Kirishima smiles sadly.“He’s doing his best man, that’s all I know. He’s pushing forward which is super manly and cool!”Bakugo let out a sigh and looked at the other. “Well...that’s good.” He’s glad Kaminari is okay.“So, you gonna come?”Bakugo flinches and looks away. “Nah, I got a date tomorrow night.”“It’s not like you like her.” Kirishima adds and Bakugo rolls his eyes.Of course he doesn’t like her and of course he doesn’t care about missing a date but he’s reluctant to just up and go. What if Kaminari hates him? He’d have every right to hate him. He’d make things worse if he went.“Just go, Kirishima. Text me or something while you’re there.”Kirishima was disappointed but he smiled and pat the other on the shoulder. “Okay man, I’ll talk to you soon then. Try not to enjoy that date too much.”“I’ll try.” He says with a smirk and Kirishima goes in and hugs him, Bakugo stiffens up before hugging him back after a few seconds and then they part ways for the night. Bakugo’s heart feels a bit lighter and he walks back inside before taking his coat off.“What did he come over to say?” His mother asks curiously and Bakugo snorts.“Going on a road trip and wanted to say bye.”“Oh? Did you want to go with him?”Bakugo pauses and looks to her with a raised eyebrow. “No?”“We would have been fine if you went. You’re both responsible enough as long as you texted us. Where is he going?”“Uhh…” Bakugo didn’t know if this was a trap or not and looked away. “To go visit Sero in his town for a week.”“Oh! That seems like a good idea! Why don’t you go?”“Cause I got a date tomorrow night.”She narrows her gaze at him and he turns to glare back, the air is heavy between them before she gets up with a sigh and walks to the kitchen. “Well, do whatever makes you happy.” She says tiredly, obviously some of her bite was lost tonight and she got some water to drink.“Okay.” He says softly and walks up to his room for the night. That was an incredibly awkward moment between them and he’s not sure how to place it. It wasn’t a fight but he could tell she was disappointed in him. Didn’t parents want their kids to stay home and do nothing? Why would she want him to go out of town and possibly get into trouble?With a sigh he plops on his bed and watches videos on his phone until a text grabs his attention. It’s not from Kirishima but from the girl and he can tell a picture is attached. He opens it and sighs.“Ew.” She sent him a nude. If he were really into the shitty fuck boy act he’d post her nudes for the school to see but he’s not and he just deletes it. Her message is something stupid and about how she misses him and looks forward to seeing him tomorrow. He replies with a quick yeah and then ignores her for more videos until he passes out.When he wakes up the next morning he grabs his phone. He got two more nudes photos from the girl which he deleted and then a text from Kirishima.[Kiri] Leaving in 10 minutes.That was about 5 minutes ago. He blinks and puts his phone to the side and stares at the ceiling for a few seconds before bolting upright in a flurry. It suddenly clicks that he’s being a dumbass, why the hell would he stay here and go on a date with a girl he doesn’t care or want. The only person he can sort of stand is going out of town and invited him to go along and he had to the audacity to say no? Fuck, he hates how stupid he can be.He’s shoving random crap into a bag and gets his phone to text Kirishima.[Bakugo] You better not fucking leave yet you idiot!Bakugo runs down the stairs and skips the last five steps. He pushes himself past his father in the kitchen and grabs some snacks. “W-What’s got you in a hurry?” His father asks as he see’s his son stuff more stuff into his bag.“I’m going with Kiri. I’ll text you guys.”His mother stands in the door way of the kitchen with a cup of coffee and sips it quietly. “Finally get your head on straight?”“I just don’t want to be stuck in this shitty house all winter.”“Sure.” She says with the roll of her eyes. “Just have fun, don’t be stupid. If you’re feeling brave maybe you can finally confess your feelings to him too.”“D-Dear.” His father says shakily.“Huh!?” What the hell was she talking about? He didn’t just hear that, right?“I’m tired of waiting for him to come out to us and his whole pretending to be straight thing is getting old!” She snaps and Bakugo’s eyes widen as he’s rendered speechless.“You knew!?” he finally screeches and she looks at him with an annoyed expression.“Of course I knew! I’m your mother!”“Why the hell didn’t you say anything before!?”“Because your father and I agreed it’d be best if you came out to us when you were ready but you take too damn long!”“I thought you’d hate it if I was gay that’s why you old hag!”“Why the hell would we hate it!? We never said anything negative about Kirishima or LGBT people!”“But you always get on my case about shit!”“That’s because no cute gay man would want to date you with your personality! I don’t want to have some shitty son-in-law!”“What the hell is that supposed to mean!?”“The way you dress and act would deter the good ones worth marrying!”“That’s what you were so concerned about!?” He couldn’t fucking believe it, his mother was an idiot and honestly he wasn’t sure whether he was relieved or pissed off more right now. “Of course I was concerned about that! I’m your mother! You keep pushing people away and dressing poorly even when I keep buying you the latest fashion trends but you never wear them!”She did do that, he thought she was trying to force him to wear it to get a girl but I guess she was doing it to help him catch a man. He was embarrassed, confused and very shaken by all this which pissed him off. He didn’t expect coming out to be so...decent? He could call this decent.“So, you guys aren’t going to disown me?”“What? No way.” His father says instantly and Bakugo’s shoulders relax a bit.“Why the hell would we do that to our own son? Sure you’re a pain in the ass but your our pain the ass.” She goes to ruffle his hair which he lets her do for a second before pushing her off. He gets a ding from his phone and he knows that’s Kirishima telling him he’s going to leave soon.“Fuck. Well, that’s just- something. I gotta go though. You better not change your mind before I get back!”Mitsuki snorts and shakes her head. “Get going you loser. Say hi to Kirishima for us. We miss him and hope he comes over for dinner some time as your friend or your boyfriend, either works.”“He’s just a friend.” Bakugo says with the roll of his eyes and puts his bag over his shoulders. “Bye!” He hurries out of the house and runs down the street towards Kirishima’s place, he slows down to a fast walk when he gets close enough because he doesn’t want to look too eager to be there.Kirishima is leaning against his car and when he see’s Bakugo he waves happily. “Bakubroooo! You made it! Come on!”Bakugo breaks into a light jog for the last bit and throws his bag into Kirishima’s back seat before getting into the passenger's seat. Kirishima grins and gets into the driver’s seat to start the car and get the heater going. “Glad you made it! I was surprised you decided to go last minute!”“Yeah well...things happen.”



Chapter End Notes
Bakugo gets his communication skills from his mother. Properly expressing oneself is an impossible task in the Bakugo household. One issue is resolved but it was hiding a different issue.


Dreams
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“The girl cancel your date?” Kirishima asks as they pull out of the driveway and get on the road.“Pfft- No, not even close.” Actually he should probably text her to tell her he’s not going anymore but he’ll do that later. “Just felt like it then when I was grabbing snacks my mom comes in and actually outs me.”“Outs you?” Kirishima looks to Bakugo then at the road. “Like-”“Like she tells me I’m gay.” “D-Dude! Really!? Whatcha say!?”“Watch your speed.” Bakugo says dryly and leans back in his seat.“Oh right.” Kirishima relaxes his foot off the gas pedal and smiles. “You admit to it or deny it to the end?”“I think I admitted to it. I didn’t deny her at least. It’s fucking weird.” He honestly is having a hard time wrapping his head around what happened. “But that’s great! Your family is supportive, dude!”“Your speed blockhead.” Bakugo said noting the gear shift and pick up of the car.“Right. Haha.” Kirishima relaxes a bit but his heart is racing since this is such wonderful news. Not only are they friends again after their little fall out but Bakugo is out to his family and they support him and they’re going to see their friends! He can’t help his enthusiasm but being a safe driver is very important.They have three hours to talk and oh boy did Kirishima want to talk. He wanted to know all about Bakugo’s conversation with his mom, how she knew and for how long and Bakugo really had no clue how long she has been aware but he told Kirishima how his mom bought him clothes so he would look nice for other guys in mind. She’s been getting him fashionable clothes since he started middle school so she could have known then but he’d have to ask her. Maybe she wanted to have him dress nice to impress people because he is a fashion designers son so he has to look good. Then she realized he was gay and wanted to continue it on so he’d find someone? Who knows, really that woman was a mystery.The two talked about other things like how Kirishima and Tetsutetsu were doing. Kirishima told him about the situation with their friend and Tetsutetsu was just as torn up about the other as Kirishima was when he heard about it. He was very supportive of Kirishima going and if he didn’t have work Tetsutetsu would have liked to have come along as well. They made sure to promise to spend some bro time just the two of them when he gets back and Kirishima was going to hold that to him. When a peaceful lul in the conversation hit Bakugo fell asleep, at some point it started to snow but it wasn’t a heavy snow fall, it was actually quite beautiful. He trusted Kirishima to get them to their destination safely and with some tunes playing over the radio and the heater blasting he couldn’t help but knock out. Kirishima eventually had to stop to get gas which woke Bakugo up. He grunted and sat up before reaching in the back seat to get his bag to pull out the food. He almost forgot he brought it and took out the couple granola bars and gave one to Kirishima who thanked him. They grab a drink for the gas station and once the tank is full they’re back on their way.“I let Sero know it’ll be like half an hour before we get there. Excited?” Kirishima asks with a bright smile.“Hardly.”“You’ll get to see Kami though.”“And?”“I bet you miss him and you’ll totally be able to comfort him. It’s perfect.”“Who says I’m going over to comfort him!?” He snaps and Kirishima can only laugh.“You won’t be able to help it I bet.” The redhead is sure Bakugo will comfort him in his own way. “Who says he even wants to see me?” He scoffs but he is gauging Kirishima’s reaction from the corner of his eyes. Kirishima looks out at the road with a sad smile and that seems all that Bakugo needs to know.“I think he wants to see you, sometimes when we’re texting it seems like he’s so close to asking about you but doesn’t.” Kirishima has watched those three dots on his phone going more times than he can count and then seeing Kaminari reply with something basic and short. He can just tell Kaminari is thinking about it and Sero and Mina even said they can tell Kaminari is pinning but doesn’t want to talk about it. They just need to get the two together and hopefully they’ll talk it out. Now they’re meeting, both out to their family and even though Kaminari is in a more severe situation he could still have feelings for Bakugo. It’s wishful thinking but in such dire situations looking for the bright side is all you got so why not hope for a little love?Bakugo wasn’t sure about dating anyone seriously, he had no experience with that and it’s almost been half a year since they last met. Sure that day might have been the best day of his life but it wasn’t like they were soulmates or something and things wouldn’t change. If Kaminari was bitter and hateful towards him he couldn’t blame him he just hoped that the blond would be okay with them all hanging out together at the very least. It’d suck if Kaminari got all moody and it ruined it for the rest of them, he’d have to beat him up if that were the case so it better not be.                                                                                                                                  [---]Sero told Kaminari Kirishima was coming that day but he didn’t know at the time that Bakugo was coming too. He got the text a few hours later from Kirishima he was stopped to get gas and Bakugo was with him. Sero told Mina but at this point it was too late to tell Kaminari because the other had fallen asleep for a nap on the couch and neither had the heart to wake him and tell him the news. They weren’t sure if he was going to be happy or sad to know Bakugo was coming and they were a little on edge. Sero hoped Kirishima knew what he was doing by letting Bakugo come with him and he had a hunch that maybe the reason was that they were dating now?He didn’t get any news of them going out and quite frankly he was still sure Kirishima liked Tetsutetsu. They all went to middle school together and Sero knew of his crush on the other boy far too well. It took Kirishima a couple months to know he had a crush on him and then to finally admit it took time. He didn’t seem the type to just jump ship but things change and so do people so it’s possible the two decided to get together. The two obviously trust each other so it wouldn’t be too far fetched they’d get together, it just worried Sero how Kaminari would feel. They just got Kaminari to smile and laugh again. Now, Kaminari hasn’t told anyone he still has feelings for Bakugo or even thinks about the other much but the two know there’s still something. They look at Kaminari on the couch and then at the door when they hear a car pulling up. The anxiety of it being Kaminari’s parents never leaves them but they’re sure it’s Kirishima. When a ding on Sero’s phone from the other pops up they breath a sigh of relief and decide to help them with their stuff. The two get up and walk out to the drive way.“Sero! Is it okay I park here?” Kirishima asks.“Yeah, no worries! My parents won’t be home!”“Kiri!” Mina chirps and runs to hug him which results in him dropping his bag to hug her properly. He gives her a tight squeeze and she grins before coughing. “Too tight!”“Oops, sorry~” He lets her go and she looks to Bakugo. “Bakuboi~ Hey~” She says way more subdued and Bakugo grunts.“Sup.”“Nothin much, surprised you came is all! Kami is inside, he’s napping.”“Napping?” Kirishima asks as he picks his bag back up. Sero and him exchange fist bumps and Sero nods.“Yeah, he gets tired sometimes and since we’re off on vacation I don’t blame him.” He laughs softly and Kirishima nods. “We’ll be quiet then.” The group make their way inside and Sero has them put their stuff in his room. Kirishima excuses himself to use the restroom since that was long car ride and he drank more than he realized. Mina and Sero go to make some warm drinks for them and Bakugo is left in the living room. He saw him right when he walked in, Kaminari was wrapped in a blanket on the couch and sleeping away. Bakugo leaned on the couch and stared at him since they were technically alone which may or may not have been planned. He noticed that Kaminari had dark circles his skin looked kind of pale. He must not be eating right but he doesn’t think his friends aren’t trying their best to get him to eat. It’s likely he just doesn’t have the stomach to eat a lot of food so that’ll be fixed in time.Bakugo leans forward and see’s a bit of black peeking out under the blanket by Kaminari’s neck. He pulls the blanket down a bit to see what it is and his hunch was correct, it’s the  choker he won him from Pride. He stares at it intensely and is unsure what it means. He was a jerk and if someone did to him what he did to Kaminari he would have thrown away anything related to them. Kaminari’s eyes slowly flutter open and Bakugo moves his hand back. Kaminari turns and rubs his eyes a bit before staring up at Bakugo. “Huh?” He slowly sits up and Bakugo sits back. “Am I dreaming?” He asks groggily.“You’re not dreaming, did no one tell you I was coming?” Sure it was late notice but Kirishima should have warned him at the very least.“I must be dreaming.” Kaminari insists and leans forward with his arms out. He places them on Bakugo’s cheeks and leans in as he pulls Bakugo close to him, he presses his lips against Bakugo’s and the ash blond teen’s eyes widen. This has been one hell of a confusing day, no one is doing what he thinks they would but it’s working in his favor. He leans into the kiss, he places his hands on Kaminari’s waist and pushes him back down against the couch all while not breaking the kiss. God, he didn’t know how much he needed this or how much it made him feel happy, genuinely happy. Kissing Kaminari felt right, the two broke for air and stared into each other’s eyes before leaning in for another kiss. They repeated this and the only sound of their lips smacking and Kaminari’s “I’m dreaming” filled the silence between each kiss. They parted after a few minutes and a nice rosy color came to Kaminari’s cheeks which made Bakugo feel a flush of pride. He sat back on the couch as Kaminari sat up and then the blond idiot started crying.“Fuck, what are you crying about?” Bakugo asks with a frown.“I dunno know!” He wipes away at his tears as he seems to be laugh crying. “I’m just happy for some reason.” He hiccups and Bakugo slowly reaches over to pat the others head in what he hopes is soothing. “Did you miss me that fucking bad, loser?”“Fuck. Yeah, maybe!” Kaminari laughs more and Bakugo can’t help but smile fondly at this stupid boy in front of him. Somehow Bakugo had managed to make the stupidest twink in the world fall for him and he wasn’t even mad about it. Heck, he was kind of proud.“You two done now~” Mina calls from the kitchen. “Can we bring out the hot tea and snacks or do you guys wanna make out some more?” She says with a sly grin and Kaminari blushes and scratches his head.“W-Where’s Kiri?” Kaminari asks and the redhead pops his head out from the kitchen as well.“Right here dude!” Kirishima walks over with a big grin and Kaminari gets up to give him a hug. “When the hell did you get there? Weren’t you using the bathroom?”“You were distracted man!” Kirishima laughs and so do the rest of their friends as they all gather around the coffee table for warm drinks and snacks. Kaminari plops back down on the couch next to Bakugo and takes the mug and sips it gently.“I really had no idea you were coming!” He says to Bakugo who takes a mug and sips it too.“I told Sero at the gas station you were coming!” Kirishima interjects.“And at that time Kami was already asleep.” Sero adds.“And we didn’t want to wake him up if it might upset him.” Mina interjects.“Upset me?”“Like get you all nervous and stuff since we figured you were still crushing on Bakugo. Glad we weren’t wrong.” Sero says with a laugh and Kaminari blushes.“Y-You’re not wrong.” He sips his drink and glances to Bakugo next to him who isn’t looking at him. “Not like it’s super serious or anything! I’m just glad to see him again, same with Kiri!”“We’re both glad to see you too, especially Bakugo! You were on his mind constantly!” Kirishima says fearlessly which earns him a sharp glare.“Really!? He talk about me?” Kaminari asks and leans closer to Kirishima.“Nah, he didn’t say much but he definitely thought about you a lot! In fact when he pretended to date this girl he would-”“Shitty hair if you finish that sentence I swear I’m throwing this hot tea in your face!” Bakugo roars and Kirishima laughs brightly.“Oh, I wanna know!” Mina says with a curious gaze.“You pretended to date girls?” Kaminari asked since that was the part that was most interesting to him.“Yeah, I’d pretend to date a girl or two. Since the guys on my football team wouldn’t stop talking shit if I didn’t.”“Oh! You do football!” Kaminari perked up at the new information. “Yeah, you seem like you’d be really good at it!”“I’m the fucking best.” He smirks which earns him a skeptical look from Kirishima.“I dunno man...your last game was pretty-” Before Kirishima could finish that Bakugo had thrown a pillow at him, thankfully his drink wasn’t spilled but that just made the redhead smile a bright sharky grin.“Tell us about the girl you pretended to date!” Mina says quickly to bring them back to the topic she was most curious about. “You used her as a cover right? Did you go all the way with her?”Kaminari was watching Bakugo closely, even though they weren’t dating before by any means and therefor Bakugo could do whatever he pleased the blond really hoped he didn’t. Bakugo doesn’t look at him and just stares down Mina. Kirishima rubs his neck before clearing his throat and when Bakugo looked at him Kirishima quickly glanced to Kaminari beside him. Wordlessly pleading Bakugo not to say something to hurt the others feelings.Bakugo didn’t listen. “Yeah, I did.” He took a sip of the his tea. “Not like it matters, it was just something for her to babble about to her friends and get around school that I smash pussy.”“Wow!” Mina exclaims brightly and doesn’t notice Kaminari’s deflated look. His mood has been delicate lately, and any kind of sad news gets to him. Knowing Bakugo has been fucking other people whether he’s emotionally connected with them or not makes him feel kind of sad. “Was she at least pretty? Probably one of the cheerleaders, right?”“Gymnast.” Bakugo corrects.Mina seams to blush at the implications and fidgets in her seat. Sero pats her head and tells her to calm down but she can’t help but say how envious she is.“I want to do it with a cute gymnast!” She whines and the group laughs, even Kaminari cracks a smile.“I bet she could do some wild stuff.” Kaminari retorts and Bakugo looks over at him with the roll of his eyes.“She could fold herself into a pretzel and I wouldn’t be impressed. She was just easy, she was practically throwing herself on me. If I didn’t do something the guys would start saying shit that I’m gay and I don’t need the coach looking at me funny and giving me less play time.” He had a scholarship to uphold for his amazing abilities on the field and he wasn’t about to lose it. “You’re gay gay, right?” Sero asks and Bakugo’s face scrunches up in bewilderment.“What’s that supposed to fucking mean?”“Yeah, he’s gay gay. Only boys for him!” Kirishima says brightly and Sero nods and for once Mina seems to be on the same page.“Dude! How the hell did you actually get it up for her then? Maybe you’re a little bi?” She asks.“No way in hell am I bi or attracted to anything she’s offering.”“Then-”“You think of a dude?” Sero interrupts and it seems Kirishima, Mina and Sero all glance to Kaminari at the same time. “Well, Yeah I thought of some dude!” Obviously or he wouldn’t have been able to get aroused.“Some dude we know?” Mina asks and again the three look to Kaminari who finally understands what they’re implying and starts to blush. He looks to Bakugo who has his teeth grit tight together and seems about to explode. Kaminari probably should change the subject to save Bakugo but he wanted to know too and he wasn’t one to deny his curiosity.“Did you...think of me?” He asks ever so softly and Bakugo slams the cup down on the coffee table as he gets up abruptly and walks to the kitchen. They all watch him until the three burst out laughing and Kaminari can’t help but stare at Bakugo’s back with this found puppy love gaze. He inhales and sighs deeply and he realizes that maybe Bakugo has it as bad as he does.



Chapter End Notes
vld s8 has me feeling a certain way so I'm little disappointed lately so my posting is all over the place. I'm still going and writing though!


Friendship Building
Chapter Notes
Talk about crushes and some intimate stuff.Kaminari is Bakugo's kryptonite



Kaminari is happy, Bakugo is here and not only is Bakugo here but it’s been hinted at that Bakugo has been thinking of Kaminari while they’ve been apart. Kaminari is giddy, sure his life is a mess, his parents disowned him, his grades are in the toilet and he’s got bad anxiety but at least a cute boy likes him! Looking at the positives is what Kaminari has learned to do now that his life is what it is. This winter break he was going to enjoy it as much as possible. He wasn’t going to leave Bakugo’s side unless the other pulled him off him which he might literally have to do. It was snowing a bit harder out and the gang decided to cuddle up on the couches in the living room to watch movies. Kaminari was nestled up against Bakugo and the other didn’t seem to mind the invasion of personal space. It seemed to prove that the other did miss Kaminari as much as they had all hoped. They watched a couple movies before they decided to work on sleeping arrangements which meant that they were all going to find every cushion and blanket they can get their hands on and throw it in the middle of the living room to make a fort.Bakugo snorted at what was childish antics but he contributed by supervising and planning it all perfectly so it looked good. If he was going to hang out in some stupid pillow fort it was going to be the best pillow fort ever. After a few collapses and lots of arguing the group finally made the pillow fort that was up to Bakugo’s standards. It would still be a tight fit for all of them but but they could make it work. It would likely collapse on them again considering they were going to be playing mario party and mario cart once Mina’s parents came over with her console.“You guys want anything from McDonalds?” Mina asks while she’s on the phone.“Oh!” Kirishima and Kaminari perk up and they instantly yell out chicken nuggets. They look to each other wide eyed before high fiving with big grins. Kaminari can do about 10 chicken nuggets if he’s eating fries which of course they need plenty of french fries but they decided to get a couple 20 packs just in case. Everyone inputs their order for Mina’s mothers and they try to get themselves cozy in the pillow fort. Everyone needs to be able to get up and move without walking over someone but Kaminari decides he wants to be in the way, specifically Bakugo’s way so he sits in front of him between his legs.“Oi.” Bakugo snaps but Kaminari ignores it to grin back at him and leans into his chest. “It’s comfy~” He chimes and Bakugo snorts and leans back, propping himself up on his hands so he doesn’t fall back while Kaminari is leaning on him.“I bet it is...for you.”Kaminari looks with a pout then reaches it pull the others arms so they’re wrapping around him and Bakugo can lean forward and rest against Kaminari instead. Bakugo stiffens but eventually melt into it and tries not to do anything weird like breath too deeply. He didn’t want the other to think he was trying to smell him or something weird like that. It was nice though, Kaminari was cute and he did smell good from what Bakugo could tell from normal regular breathing. He was warm and Kaminari kept his hands over his as they sat to watch what was playing on the tv. Bakugo wasn’t a touchy feely dude but obviously Kaminari was and one would think that would be a problem but Bakugo couldn’t be annoyed. Kaminari was like a cat, you’re trying to do something and they make themselves comfortable on you and you’re basically stuck there. You can’t even be mad and Bakugo wasn’t. What a strange power.When Mina’s mothers came over with the food they all eventually got up. Bakugo and Kirishima introduced themselves and of course offered to pay for what they ordered but the two women didn’t mind in the least.“It’s all good but there’s going to be a storm tonight so you guys better hunker down. Do you have enough food Hanta?”“Oh yeah! I got plenty!” Sero says happily since he knew there was going to be a storm and was expecting company.“Good, you have candles and flashlights in case the lights go out?”“Yup!”“Good. Just don’t go out in the storm. If you need anything just call.”“Mom! Don’t forget the console!” Mina exclaims as she runs to the car parked out front to get said item and see’s a bag full of random stuff. “Oh!”She brings all the stuff in and sets it on the table, Kirishima, Kaminari and Bakugo are already eating and she looks through the bag with earnest. “What’s that?” Kirishima asks with the tilt of his head and Mina smiles brightly.“Face masks! There’s some nail stuff in here too! We should all do some face masks tonight!”“Sure!” Kirishima says with a bright smile and his cheeks stuffed with food.“Are they the ones that look like animal faces?” Sero asks as he walks over to look at the packages.“Yup! They got some cute ones! I’m so excited!” Mina goes over to hug her mothers who laugh and ruffle her hair. They worry about their daughter sometimes or rather all the time. Mina is proudly out which mean a lot of the girls at her school don’t treat her right. Quite a few seem to think that because she’s a lesbian that she’ll try to attack any girl near her. She’s not some predator but obviously teens don’t know any better and they’re all dumb and don’t know what they’re missing out on. Mina has a lot of guy friends because of it so girls night out isn’t very common. Thankful Sero and Kaminari were always fine doing things like face masks and even letting her practice makeup on them. The group focused on the food at this point, there was a multitude of sauces out and the food was put into a pile, a giant pile of fries made up the center and burgers and boxes of chicken nuggets were around it. Everyone ate cheerfully, they talked animatedly to one another and Kaminari seemed just as bright as he was when Bakugo first met him at Pride. He showed his favorite memes on his phone to him and Sero critiqued their value in terms of high quality meme or not. Bakugo noticed that the shine in the others eyes wasn’t as strong though, he seemed tired but he wasn’t as bad as Bakugo thought he might be. He was relieved.When the group finished eating they went to play some Mario kart and Mina’s mothers left back home before the storm was in full effect. Time went by without them noticing, the house grew dark and they barely noticed the storm raging outside with how loud they were playing. It’s not until the power goes out and they’re stuck in complete darkness do they realize how bad it is. Kaminari and Sero go to the window and look outside at the flurry. “Well, it’s a good thing you decided to come today, Kiri.” Sero says with a small laugh. “You always said I had the best timing.” Kirishima says with a grin and Bakugo snorts.“It should be done by morning! It’ll be fun to play outside!” Mina exclaims at the idea of a winter wonderland tomorrow. “Until then lets get the flash lights and face masks!”She walks over to the kitchen as best she can in the dark, from a string of curses she likely slammed her pinky toe into the corner of something. She eventually comes back with the flashlights and face masks. She finds her way back and thankfully doesn’t destroy the pillow fort. They stand the flashlights up in a little circle so they’re shining light towards the ceiling like a fake campfire. Mina put on hers and distributed the rest. Bakugo wasn’t about to put one on, he watched as the other guys put them on and blinked a bit before shaking his head. Kaminari looks at him a tiger’s face on the mask and gives a pout. “Come on, join us! Doesn’t it feel weird to be the only one without a mask?”“Don’t want it.”“The slimy texture is weird at first but it’s nice man.” Kirishima states with a grin.“I don’t need that shit.”“Cause your skin’s already nice?” Sero asks and Kaminari and Mina lean closer to try and inspect said skin.Bakugo leans away from them with a frown.“His skin is nice.” Kaminari comments. “It’s perfect actually. How the hell-”“No fair!”“Now that I think about it I don’t think he’s ever had a zit. I haven’t seen one.” Kirishima adds, not that he ever particularly looked for them on anyone’s face but he couldn’t recall any blemishes. Bakugo’s skin has always been perfect.“What’s your secret!?” Mina almost screeches and Bakugo grimaces as he pushes her back.“I don’t have a damn secret!”“There must be something you do.” Kaminari chimes in and runs his thumb over Bakugo’s cheek. The other smacks his head away.“I don’t do anything, I wash my face but that’s it.”“What face wash do you use?” Mina asks urgently.“It doesn’t matter!” Bakugo retorts and Mina pouts with a low whine.Kaminari laughs and picks up the packet with the facemask in it. “Join us. It’s not every day you get to where facemasks with your best friends, right?”Bakugo squints at Kaminari then at the packet then back to Kaminari. The others are looking at him and they all look ridiculous with their stupid face masks on but he sighs and gives in. He loves to fit in right? He takes the mask out, he’s not sure if there’s right side to put on his face but he puts it on and adjusts it so his eyes and mouth are all clear.“Happy now?” He retorts and everyone gives him the warmest smile. He’s not sure why this is so amazing to them maybe it’s just because he’s joining in. It’s kind of stupid but it’s nice. A part of him wishes this was a common thing, he doesn’t want stupid parties where he has to get drunk and everyone is yelling and stumbling around like idiots. It’s so hollow and pointless, beer always made his stomach feel like shit and his gut twisted every time a girl would drunkenly grind up on him. This was stupid but it was really nice at the same time. He’s glad he came here.He recalls about the girl he ditched but he doesn’t care about her, he decides to check his phone though. He see’s he has a text from the girl, a couple texts from some of the guys on his football team and one from his mom. He should let her know he didn’t die. He texts her that he’s been hanging out with his friends and got snowed in but they’re all okay.She texts in all caps he should have texted sooner and he’s a brat for making her worry. She’s probably right but he wont let her know that and just replies with a quick sorry that doesn’t really sound apologetic since it’s coming from him.“Okay, let’s do an honesty hour!” Mina chirps. “Kiri! You start! Ask anything you like!”“Huh? Oh! Uhh--!” He pauses and starts to ponder questions. “Oh! I got one for my man Sero! I know you were crushin on some dude but you never really brought it up again. What happened?”“You were crushing on someone!?” Mina and Kaminari exclaim, the evident betrayal in their voices is almost comical. Sero closes one eye and winces. “Yeah, I mean it was during summer before I even met you guys. I met a dude I just clicked with and I dunno...we didn’t do anything and I haven’t talked to him after camp.”“Really? Not anything? You told me you got his number!” Kirishima says since he was there.“I did…” Sero pauses and lets out a breath. “We haven’t talked at all until...just recently actually.”“Really!?” Mina shouts and clings onto Sero’s arm and the quick action makes the blanket fort shift and the group freezes waiting for the imminent collapse but nothing happens. “Yeah. I was uhhh...I dunno, I just felt like it. He’s never texted me after camp and I didn’t think to bug him but I felt like saying hi. It was super awkward or I felt super awkward but he seemed happy that I messaged him.”“Of course he’d be happy! Whoever he is has good taste!” Kaminari says with a bright smile and Sero blushes and smiles sheepishly.“I dunno, we’ve only texted a little bit. He’s really busy.”“What’s his name?”“Todoroki Shouto.”Bakugo squints and the name triggers an immediate fight response he can’t really find the cause for. Kaminari notices the others change and leans against him.“Ohhh.” Kirishima nods. “He’s on our rival football team, really good too. He gave Bakugo a run for his money a few times!”“Like hell he did!” Now he knows who it is, he just didn’t know the name. “The half in half bastard sucks ass!”“Your rival, huh? I wanna see your games against him!” Kaminari says excitedly and Kirishima seems about ready to get his phone out to pull up a video but Bakugo is eager to change the subject.“Sero, your turn to ask something!” Bakugo snaps and the teen blinks and nods. “Okay man, since you’re bringing it up I’m curious why you decided to come last minute. Kiri was telling me how you guys weren’t talking much and you rejected his attempt to get you to come.”Bakugo sours at the question, he doesn’t need a reminder of his fight with Kirishima and his past fuck up but thankfully Sero didn’t seem to want to know what they fought over. He shrugs. “Was in a weird mood I guess.”“That’s not an answer!” Mina snaps.“Yeah man, I’m curious too!” Kirishima says and looks at him expectantly.“I had a date planned but then I realized it was stupid since I didn’t like her so I decided to go.”“A date? Oh the girl you use to pass as straight?” Mina asks with the tilt of her head and Bakugo nods and glances to Kaminari before looking to the others.“We planned a date for tonight actually.”“So you’d miss a chance to see the most amazing cutest boy in the world for a girl you don’t like?” Mina asks and then pats Kaminari’s head. “I’m talking about Kami of course~”“Shut up! Don’t twist that shit around. I’m here aren’t I?”“Last minute~”“Fuck off!” Mina laughs and Sero tugs on her arm a bit. “Come on, don’t tease him so much. He’s figuring his stuff out still.”“Don’t treat me like a child! I have my stuff figured out!” Bakugo snaps quickly.“So, did you not want to see me?” Kaminari finally asks and the air grows heavy and Bakugo looks to Kaminari utterly confused and equally pissed.“If you’re getting it in your stupid head that I’d rather be with some chick than...here just forget it!”The all important question is on the tip of Kaminari’s tug but he holds it back since they’re in front of friends and if he doesn’t get the answer he hopes for his heart might be crushed and he doesn’t need that right now. He smiles although it’s difficult to tell and he seems relieved enough so Bakugo can relax his tense shoulders. He grabs the mask on his own face and pulls it off since it’s slimy feeling was getting annoying and lets out a grunt.“Well alright your nosey lesbian. How’s your love life going?” He asks Mina with a glare and she smiles brightly.“It’s completely non-existent! I follow hot girls on instagram and pine after them!” She laughs sadly and Kirishima pulls her into a hug.“I’m sure you’ll find the lesbian of your dreams soon enough.” The redhead says fondly and she giggles as she hugs him.“I better! Where is she?”“Out there waiting for you!” Sero interjects.Mina sighs and cuddles into Kirishima. “There’s a girl I like, she’s instagram famous actually. She’s so cool and amazing...she’s really pretty.”“You’re talking about Camie right?” Sero asks and she nods with a dreamy sigh. “I’d just like to meet her once~”“That the trans girl?” Bakugo asked since the name was familiar and Camie was pretty famous especially in the LGBT community.“Yeah.”“Don’t you think she’s a bit out of your league?” Bakugo asks with a quirked brow.“Bro!”“Bakugo!”The other guys snap at Bakugo who just shrugs.“I know she is but I can’t help it, she inspires me and she just makes me feel happy when I see what she posts!” Mina whines.“That’s not really knowing someone!”“I don’t want to hear that from mister I’ve only known Kaminari for an hour and I’m going to make out with him all day.” She retorts and Bakugo stiffens since yeah, she’s got him there.“Touche, Mina.” Kaminari says with a laugh and Bakugo grumbles something under his breath but none the less says nothing.“I mean, I probably know more about Camie than you know about Kami-” She pauses. “Oh, their names sound similar. If in some amazing beautiful future I get to date her then we’re going to have to figure something out for double dates.”Bakugo rolls his eyes. “Don’t go imagining things that’ll never happen.”“It might!”“Yeah, I believe in Mina! I’m rooting for you!” Kaminari adds with a thumbs up.“Then you’ll have to eat those words when I’m dating the hottest girl in the world~ Won’t you feel embarrassed.”With a snort Bakugo smirks. “Okay, lets make a bet.”“Here we go.” Kirishima says with a sigh.“If you can get Camie to date you I’ll do one favor for you, whatever it is.”Mina’s eyes widen and she looks eagerly at him before rubbing her hands together. “Oh?~ That is one hell of a bet and if I don’t get her to date me?”“In the likely event you never get a date with her before she gets married you will owe me a favor, whatever I ask for.”Mina mulls it over, so she has until Camie marries someone else to get a date with her? Okay, she’s got time to do this! “Deal!”“Mina.” Sero interjects but the two are already shaking hands while the other three look on worriedly. Who knows what Bakugo has planned and not that they don’t think Mina deserves the world but they just don’t know how she’ll ever get Camie to notice her in the first place.“Okay, Bakugo, next question!”“Why back to me!?”“Because you never joined the group chat! So you ever eat pussy?”Bakugo blanches at the mere mention of it and shakes his head. “Hell no.” There’s no way he can put his face near it, he basically has to close his eyes when he’s trying to do it. “But you’ve fucked a girl.”“Yeah.”“You have a hard time getting it up?” Sero asks and Bakugo feels like their suddenly getting way too personal. “None of you business!”“Sounds like a yes to me.” Mina says and Kirishima grins in reply. “Well, I’m sure with Kami you’ll get it up in no time!”The two blond’s blush but thankfully the mask is covering Kaminari’s flustered expression. Bakugo collects himself and looks to Kaminari and is eager to change the subject. “So, you do it with anyone?”Kaminari perks up when the question is direct towards him and sighs. “No, I’ve only ever done like...second base stuff.”“Only fingered a girl once.” Mina says.Kaminari sighs. “It was amazing but uhhh she wasn’t into it. I guess I wasn’t good but not like I know what I’m doing. She should have given me the benefit of the doubt and helped me practice!” “Well too late now.” Sero says with a smirk and Kaminari gives him a slight kick.“What about with guys?” Kirishima asks and finally takes his mask off as well.“Huh? Oh uhh, just making out with Bakugo here.” Kaminari says with a grin as he nudges the other and takes his mask off as well. Bakugo doesn’t say anything, he’s not sure why but he’s kind of excited? Aroused maybe? Kaminari’s never touched a man or been touched by a man aside from him which was kind of hot? Bakugo isn’t sure why but he’s definitely interested in being the first man to get his hands on Kaminari and he definitely wants to be the first man to touch Kaminari and help the other explore his body. The idea has him licking his lips but he tries to be distracted by his phone. The girl is texting him like crazy now and soon she’s calling him, he denies the call immediately and smirks with satisfaction.



Loving Support




“And so he put on another weight and I couldn’t be out done so I put on even more! Then he saw me so he put on even more and I put on even more and we were sweating up a storm in the gym and fuck it hurt like hell but we didn’t give up and we were egging each other on.” Kirishima recalled his competition with Tetsutetsu and he seemed to be remembering it with such fondness that the others didn’t have the heart to tell him it was lame.
 
“Romance at its finest.” Sero comments 
 
Kirishima fidgets and blushes. “I mean- it was just us being bros.”
 
“He likes you, he’s gotta like you!” Kaminari insists and Kirishima smiles brightly.
 
“As bros.”
 
“As a crush. From what you’re saying he definitely focuses on you and wants to get your attention.”
 
“Posturing.” Sero adds and glances to Bakugo who shoots him a glare.
 
“Whatcha mean?” Kirishima asks with the tilt of his head.
 
“If he’s going out of his way to make sure you look at him he likes you dude.” Sero states nonchalantly and leans back on his hands with a sigh.
 
“It’s like- when birds puff up their feathers to look big and strong so they can get a mate. That’s what you two are doing but you’re both too chicken to take the next step forward.” Mina adds and Kaminari and Sero nod, even Bakugo seems to shake his head in agreement.
 
“I dunno, we’ve just got a competitive streak with each other.”
 
“Oh Kiri, you’re just scared!” Mina says as she clings to his arm and he takes a deep breath.
 
“Yeah, I’m scared. I don’t want to confess anything and our friendship be ruined. He’s okay with me being gay and all but I’m not sure if he’d be okay with me being gay and in love with him.”
 
“But don’t you think you’ll regret keeping it a secret forever? I mean, if he rejects you do you think you can still be his friend if he’s cool with it?” Sero asks and Kirishima nods sadly.
 
“I wouldn’t want to not have him in my life.”
 
“Then tell him! Let him know how you feel!” Kaminari insists with a bright smile. “And if you stay friends then you’re still friends! He sounds similar to you and from what I know about you then you’d be friends with anyone willing to be your friend!”
 
“Like a dog.” Bakugo adds with a small snort and since he’s in a good mood he lets out a sigh. “Just tell him. If he breaks your heart I’ll break his face.”
 
“G-Guys.” Kirishima seems to get teary eyed, he gulps and smiles. “I’ll tell him. I’m not sure when but I’m definitely going to tell him before we graduate.”
 
“That’s a great goal!” Sero praises and Kirishima chuckles before Bakugo’s phone goes off. He’s getting a call and it’s from his mother, he sighs and gets up to go take it. He walks down the hall towards the bathroom away from the group.
 
“What is it?” he answers, it’s 11pm so it’s past his parents usual bedtime.
 
“She came to our house!” His mother screeches into the phone and he has to hold it away from his ear.
 
“What? Who?”
 
“I don’t know who! I’m guessing the girl you canceled on tonight!”
 
“She come to the house?”
 
“She broke in!” His mother snaps. “Your father was getting some water from the kitchen when she mistook him for you and hugged him! She scared the living hell out of him and he ended up getting hurt!”
 
“How hurt?” 
 
“He ended up tripping and hitting his head!”
 
His blood ran cold and he grit his teeth. “Is he okay?”
 
“Yes, he’s okay. He’s got a big bump but he’s alive! You didn’t tell her to sneak in did you?”
 
“No way! I forgot to cancel the date but I never said anything about sneaking in! She’s just fucking crazy! Did you call the cops?”
 
His mother seemed to breathe a sigh of relief. “No, I let her off with a warning. I told her you weren’t here but if I ever catch her on my property again I’m going to pummel her!”
 
That was strange, if any woman touched dad they were sure to get a punch from his mother and him if he was there. His father was soft spoken, didn’t have a backbone and was the gentlest loser so he had to be protected at all costs. Sure, the two pushed him around but if anyone else tried they’d get two angry blond’s in their face with a massive amount of death threats. It’s a miracle a woman, even a young one touched Bakugo’s dad, was the cause of his pain and lived to tell the tale about it.
 
“I’ll text her never to show her ugly face around here.”
 
“You better! That’s what happens when you don’t let people know things! The stupid ones always assume things and look what happened!”’
 
“I get it! I didn’t think she was that fucking nuts!”
 
“Don’t you start cussing, Katsuki!” She snaps and he growls in frustration.
 
“Whatever! I gotta go! Tell dad to feel better!” He hangs up abruptly and gets that girls messages up.
 
[Text to Dumb Bitch] listen idk who gave you the bright idea you should break into my house but they are not your friend and if you came up with that on your own you’re fucking dumber than you look. You’re lucky my mom didn’t call the damn cops or beat your face in. Don’t fucking talk to me or even get near me.
 
He turned his phone on silent after he sent it and walked back to the group who looked around nervously, obviously they heard his yelling but didn’t know what it was about. They heard something about someone sneaking in and the cops. Bakugo stands a few feet away from the group, he glances to Kirishima who gives him a smile and nod as if to say go ahead. Bakugo grunts and sits down, Kaminari scurries to his side with wide golden eyes and just leans his head on the others shoulder.
 
“I’m fine.” He snaps but his volume is much more subdued. 
 
“What happened man?” Sero asks.
 
“I guess the girl I had a date with...I forgot to tell her I wasn’t going and she ended up sneaking into my house. She mistook my dad for me and hugged him or something.”
 
“Well at least she didn’t try to kiss him.” Mina adds and Bakugo gags at the mention of it.
 
“He got surprised and hit his head but he’s okay. My mom didn’t kill her which is really weird.”
 
“Yeah, she doesn’t let anyone touch your dad!” Kirishima adds with a light laugh to hopefully diffuse some of the tension.
 
“I sent the dumbass a text never to go near me or my family again.”
 
“That’s crazy! You sure have an exciting life!”
 
“It’s stupid hetero nonsense.” Bakugo relaxes a bit and finds himself putting a hand around Kaminari’s waist which made the other smile and cuddle into him. 
 
“Well, I think that’s enough excitement for one day, I dunno about you guys. Lets hit the hay.” Sero says with a grin and the group seems to agree. 
 
“I’ll get changed in the bathroom, you boys take Sero’s room~” Mina says with a smile and gets up to go get her bag and walk to the bathroom. 
 
The boys have no qualms with that and they go to Sero’s room, of course Sero tugs Kaminari over with him towards one side of the room. Kaminari pouts and even Bakugo seems miffed at the other but Kirishima puts a hand on Bakugo’s shoulder and directs them to their bags.
 
“We don’t want you and Kami getting any ideas.” Kirishima says with a whisper.
 
“Oh my god.” He harshly whispers back. “I wouldn’t lose my shit and jump him.”
 
“Well, we just don’t want you two to start getting...yknow while we’re all there.”
 
“I’m not going to attack him, jesus fucking christ.” He starts to take his shirt off and put on a t-shirt he likes to sleep in. He glances over to where Kaminari is and their eyes lock for a second before they whip their heads around to go back to getting dressed. Kirishima noticed of course and smirks. 
 
“Wanna take that back?”
 
“Shut the hell up.” 
 
The group finally go back to the pillow fort and they all get themselves situated in the blankets and pillows. Bakugo is at one end, Kaminari up against him, Kirishima next and Sero on his side with Mina curled up against him. Even with no power the amount of blankets and body heat make it cozy and the group finally goes to sleep. 
 
Bakugo has never rested with another man, well aside from Kirishima but in terms of intimacy they never went very far. There was some touching but they sort of realized they’d both rather be friends than have anything more, it was kind of disappointing for both of them at the time. They finally meet another gay man and they can’t even date but it worked out since neither were willing to force or fake any feelings. What they had was a true honest friendship and they appreciated each other.
 
This was different since Bakugo was attracted to Kaminari and he was sure the other was attracted to him. It was tempting to touch him but he just draped his arm over the other and fell asleep. He wasn’t going to treat Kaminari like one of those girls that come on to him, he was going to be a bit more respectful.
 
He fell asleep quickly and didn’t notice when Kaminari eventually got up and left their little cuddle pile. The blond walked slowly to use the restroom then went to the kitchen to see if anything was working. The power wasn’t on yet which made sense why the house was so cold. He took out a water bottle and sat down at the kitchen table with a sigh. He was happy, he really was, he was so happy to see Bakugo and Kirishima and hang out it almost made it seem like nothing was wrong.
 
It was a great distraction until it went quiet and the night seeped in and started to make him remember his mother’s crying face and his father’s anger. He didn’t mean to be a fuck up, he didn’t mean to be such a disappointment, he just wanted to be true to himself and at the time he was so pissed he was blinded. He should have waited and it eats at him everyday, he can barely concentrate on his classes and has tons of makeup work he needs to do. It’s scary and stressful and he doesn’t want to annoy Sero and Mina with his shit so he promised to do it himself but it’s really hard and he can’t concentrate for long periods of time.
 
He’s so overwhelmed and scared that it just bubbles up and attacks him at night like this. He’s crying into his hands as he sits there and he tries to be as quiet about it as possible. He just needs to let out a good cry for a bit. Once he’s done with his little break down he takes a few gulps of water and tiredly walks back to the rest and as quietly as he can he sneaks back into his spot. He lets out a sigh, the floor isn’t really comfortable but the blankets are soft and warm so he melts in right away. He lets out another sigh then a gasp when he feels a hand on his cheek, his face is turned towards Bakugo and he can barely see but the other must be awake.
 
“Sorry, didn’t mean to-” his apology was cut short when he felt a pair of warm lips on his own and it just melts his heart. So, this is what he came out for? Worth it.
 
He turns and clings to Bakugo’s shirt as he kisses back, their legs tangle together and soon they’re grinding their hips together. Bakugo breaks away first but only to start kissing and nipping at the others neck.
 
“Oh god.” Kaminari says shakily. “W-Wow.” He laughs under his breath because that feels really good and can’t help but let out a soft moan.
 
“Shut up.” Bakugo hisses and Kaminar clamps his mouth shut. Bakugo lifts his head to kiss the other once again, this time more caring and subdued before pulling away. “Get some sleep, idiot.”
 
“I’m all excited now.” His heart is racing like crazy and maybe his lower half is waking up but he mostly meant how Bakugo makes his heart skip a beat.
 
“Don’t care.” Bakugo snorts and Kaminari grins at him before kissing his jaw.
 
“Thanks. I needed that.”
 
“Mn.” Bakugo replies and Kaminari nuzzles into his chest with a smile on his face.
 
 
When they all finally wake up together they look outside to see a winter wonderland. Mina smiles happily at the sight and everyone seems to be taking in the beauty of it all. The power is finally back on so hot drinks were in the process. 
“I’m going to make a snowman then it’s time for the snowball fight. You’ll be on my team right?” Mina asks Kaminari with an eager smile and he shakes his head with a laugh.
 
“Nah, I’ll chill inside like an old man.”
 
“Kami! You never skip out on snowball fights! What gives-” She gasps incredulously and blushes. “Did you and Bakugo-”
 
“No we didn’t do anything! Mina, get your mind out of the gutter! I just don’t feel like it is all!” He snaps back obviously flustered which gains some looks from the other boys in the room. 
 
“If you’re worried about clothes I got stuff you can borrow.” Sero offers and Kaminari smiles gratefully.
 
“No dude, I’m good. Thanks man but I’m good…”
 
“When was the last time you went home?” Bakugo asks and stares Kaminari down.
 
“Not since...I left.” He answers and Bakugo frowns.
 
“How far away do you live?”
 
“Uhh, from here? Like, it’s a 5 minute drive.”
 
“If you’re thinking we should go over there we can’t with how much snow is on the road.” Sero says quickly and Kaminari jolts.
 
“Bakugo, it’s all good. I’m fine, besides they probably threw all my shit out anyways. If I went over there’s no way they would let me in. Even if my mom was alone she’d definitely lock up and not let me in.”
 
Bakugo keeps a solid frown on his face and Kaminari all of a sudden feels like he’s the party pooper here. Mina pouts and glances to Sero who glances back to her and Kirishima awkwardly drinks from his cup. It’s quiet and tense for a little while until Sero breaks the tension. “So who wants toast?”
 
“I’ll take some.” Kaminari says softly.
 
“Me too!” Mina chimes in and the rest agree some toast sounds good right now.
 
Everyone gets a plate and the group eats quietly around the table until Bakugo decides to bring up what he thought. “Might be fun to break in.”
 
“Huh?” Kirishima asks confused.
 
“If you’re talking about getting into my parent’s place that’s crazy! They’ll call the cops on you for sure!” Kaminari says quickly and reaches to place his hand on Bakugo’s arm to give him a stern look. “Look, I’ll get some stuff tomorrow or something. I have money from my summer job so I’ll just get some new stuff.”
 
“Why the hell would you waste your money on getting stuff you already own?” Bakugo snaps and Kaminari grits his teeth in frustration.
 
“Because the stuff is in the home of the people that disowned me! I can’t just waltz back in there!”
 
“Then fucking I will!”
 
“They’ll call the cops!”
 
“And what? Tell them their kids is taking his stuff?”
 
“Bro, they could get you in real trouble man! I get you but we should play it cool.” Kirishima says softly.
 
“No, I agree with Bakubro! Kami should get his stuff! Some of that stuff you bought with your own money! You should have it!” Mina says as she abruptly stands up.
 
“But Kami is right when it’s too risky to go over. His mom is usually always home.” Sero adds.
 
“That’s where sneaking in comes to play!” Mina reasons and Bakugo for once see’s the girl to be way less annoying than usual, she’s even down right pleasant. 
 
“It’s settled, we’re going over.” Bakugo says with a smirk.
 
“It is not settled!” Kaminari shrieks as he shakes Bakugo. “You can’t just decide things on your own!”
 
“Oh, shut up. It’ll be fine. Start making a list of the crap you want out of your room.”







Deal
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Somehow or another the whole group gets bundled up, they head outside and down the street as best they can. There was a snow pusher going along the streets to clear them of all the snow. They look like a row of ducks trying to trudge through the snow one after the other. Bakugo is leading the way despite not knowing where Kaminari lives but he lets Kaminari point him in the right direction. Once they get to a cleared street they walk along the side of the road, they pick up the pace a bit and eventually get a few houses away and duck behind a fence.“If anyone saw us they’d think we’re crazy.” Sero says softly and Mina laughs in agreement.They look towards Kaminari’s home and Kirishima nudges the blond. “You think your mom is in?”“I dunno, she likes to go shopping around this time but with the snow she might have skipped out today?” Kaminari says and with a gulp as he steps out from behind the fence and walks towards his home, he’s past his neighbors house a bit when the door opens and he freezes in his steps. The old man in his bathrobe and coffee steps out onto his porch, he sips his drink and looks to Kaminari.“H-Hey mister Yamazaki.” Kaminari says with a small wave.The man nods and sips his coffee again before clearing his throat. “She left about 5 minutes ago, she was making a big stink about the roads not being cleared this morning. Lots of squaking.”“Oh uhh, yeah she does that.” He laughs awkwardly and looks to his friends for help since he’s not sure if he should just walk by.Bakugo gets up and walks forward to pull on Kaminari’s hand. “We’re going to get some of his stuff.” Bakugo clarifies and glares at the old man who glares back.“I don’t care just don’t set anything on fire.” The old man snaps and Bakugo snorts and leads Kaminari to his house. Kaminari breathes a sigh of relief since the man seems okay with what they’re doing so he leads Bakugo around back and points to the window on the second floor. Bakugo helps him climb up and Kaminari is happy to see that his parents didn’t get any fancy security system. It’s likely his mother was stubborn about it because it was the only thing she hated more than anything. She was so spacey that she’d forget the code and end up setting off the alarm when she would forget to disarm it. Weird how it’s working in Kaminari’s favor now.He pushes the window up and finally slides into his room. He’s shocked by the sight of it. It was nearly empty aside from some boxes, some were for new things which was likely going to be an office but some of the boxes were full of his stuff. It hurt more than he realized it would but he got his duffle bag and began to fill it up with what he could. He got his snow boots and a few jackets and other shirts he wasn’t able to pack up from before. He looked at a stack of books in the corner and he felt his throat squeeze. He slowly reached for them until a voice broke him out of his trance.“Hurry the hell up. Kiri is gonna call if Sero gives him the signal your mom is on her way back but lets not push it.” Bakugo says and looks around the room, it’s no longer anyone’s bedroom, any traces of what would have been Kaminari’s sense of style was long gone. He see’s Kaminari crouched down by a pile of worn out books and walks over.“Grab them and lets go.” His voice is a bit calmer but it’s urgent all the same. Bakugo might be ballsy but he doesn’t want to get caught either.“R-Right!” He grabs the books and shoves them in his bag. Just then Bakugo’s phone rings once and stops which means they saw Kaminari’s mom’s car. Kaminari doesn’t need to be told to know what that means so he hurriedly zips up the bag. Bakugo is quick to snatch it though and throws it out the window without a second thought. He gets out and jumps down which is made easier by the few feet of snow on the ground. He holds his arms up.“Come on.” He hiss and Kaminari slowly crawls through the window, he closes it and jumps down and Bakugo makes sure he doesn’t fall over. He grabs his bag and they’re off running, they jump over the fence into the neighbors yard, the dogs start barking which surprises them but they’re two Australian shepherds who are just excited to see new people after being cooped up all night. “Hey guys.” Kaminari says with a smile and pets their heads before Bakugo pulls him along and they run out towards where their friends are chilling. When Bakugo and Kaminari get back to them they all stand up abruptly before relief washes over them and they begin to laugh. The group start to feel the rush of adrenaline leave them and the feeling of the bitter cold sets in so they hurry to get back to Sero’s place. Once inside they undress some of the layers while Sero gets some hot chocolate going.“So whatcha get?” Mina asks looking at the rather impressively stuffed bag.“Just some clothes, some of my shoes and uhh a few old books!” He seems proud of his collection and when he’s handed a mug of hot chocolate he takes it gratefully. “Maybe once we warm up for a bit we can out and have a snowball fight!”“For sure!” Mina exclaims and bounces in her seat for a bit. “You’re a way better mood now, dude!” Kirishima says and Kaminari grins back at him.“I guess I needed a bit of a push in the right direction!” Kamnari says and looks to Bakugo with a smile, one that’s more reminiscent of the day they met. Bakugo glances over but says nothing, he’s not one to be thanked, he only did what needed to be done. Kaminari grins and scoots closer to him which makes Bakugo lean away but Kaminari keeps leaning in until Bakugo finally snaps and looks at him.“What?”Kaminari grins and gives him a quick peck on the lips which makes Bakugo pause before pushing the other back. “Gross.” Sero says with a smirk and Mina makes pretend gagging noises.“You guys really support each other really well!” Kirishima says brightly and Kaminari smiles at him.“It’s mostly Bakugo doing all the supporting but I’ll return the favor someday!”“I guess you gotta date him then.” Mina says with a sly smile and Kaminari’s eyes widen as he glances to Bakugo.“That’s not something- I mean with distance and he’s not out!”Mina pouts and Sero and Kirishima place a hand on her shoulder. Bakugo sips his drink and looks to Kaminari before looking to Kirishima who seems to be pleading for him to say something. Bakugo doesn’t, it doesn’t feel right telling Kaminari that his parents know about him being gay and are supportive. It’ll only make it sting all that more that there’s so many people around with supportive parents but his aren’t. It’s also not like they can date easily, Bakugo isn’t out around school and he’d like to keep it that way until he’s sure it won’t impact his chances for getting into a good school.“Boys are stupid, if you both like each other then why the hell would you not date?” Mina asks unknowingly causing even more tension. It would be obvious that Kaminari would love to date Bakugo but it’s up in the air how Bakugo felt about it. Sure they kissed but you can kiss someone and not be in a serious relationship with them. This is only the third day they’ve been around each other and talked to each so dating would be weird, right?“I mean I’m not opposed to it-” Kaminari looks to Bakugo and smiles. “I’d like to get to know him more that’s for sure.”Bakugo snorts and crosses his arms across his chest, he refuses to make eye contact although he can feel everyone’s gaze on him. He knows he’s hurting Kaminari’s feelings but he doesn’t feel like he can give a solid answer, they just have this week then they’re all going back to school and they won’t talk again. Sure they can exchange numbers and text but a relationship isn’t going to happen.“Bro.” Kirishima leans over to Bakugo and whispers. “You should say something.” Everyone can hear him and Bakguo pushes him back.“Let’s have a snowball fight, I’m bored.” Bakugo says with a scoff and gets up to get his sweater and jacket on again. Kaminari smiles sadly but he’s not surprised so he goes to his bag to get on his snow jacket and snow boots. The rest eventually follow suit and they break into two teams. Bakugo claims he can do it all alone, him against the rest of them but they put Mina on his team anyways. She’s good at handling him and ignoring his outbursts. They’re given some time to make their ammo and then they make a small snow wall for cover.“Alright! Let’s do this!” Kirishima yells and they all start running and throwing their snowballs at each other. It’s a fun fight, Bakugo is excessively intense about it since he views any kind of battle as needing a victor and of course he will be said victor. Eventually everyone starts attacking each other, there are no teams anymore and no one can be trusted. Eventually Kaminari finds himself without ammunition and ducking behind a small mound of snow to try and make more.“Got you!” Bakugo roars and Kaminari quickly scrambles away, his leg is hit but he scoops up some snow and turns to chuck it back. Bakugo dodges easily and tackles Kaminari down, the smaller blond struggles to get free but Bakugo has him pinned.“Damn your football skills.” He wheezes out and Bakugo smirks down at him.“Give up?” Bakugo asks as he stares down at the other.“I dunno, I kinda like the situation.” Kaminari says with a grin.“You fucking would.” Bakugo snaps but he doesn’t seem to be getting up anytime soon.Kaminari laughs and for a second it feels like it’s just the two of them. “Hey Bakugo...I know dating might not be possible for us but man, when we’re together I just want to kiss you. I think you want the same? Lets make a deal when we’re together we can kiss each other as much as we want.” He looks up at the other with a hopeful smile.Bakugo is silent for a bit and honestly his heart is doing weird shit in his chest that he doesn’t understand. How can Kaminari be so open and patient with him? Bakugo has ignored him before and ignored Kaminari’s confession earlier. He didn’t want to try to be in a relationship if he couldn’t make it a perfect one and being in a long distance relationship was less than perfect. What Kaminari was offering might be as good as it gets for them because who knows where their lives will lead. Bakugo will go to a University, he’ll play football and get his own place. He might meet someone else and it’d be better for him to date someone from his own school who lives near him. Kaminari just wasn’t in his future. It was sad and it made him feel like shit with Kaminari looking so hopeful. The right thing would be to end this right now but Bakugo was selfish and he didn’t want to wait to feel a bit of happiness.“Deal.” He answers solemnly and Kaminari brightens up and brings his hands to Bakguo’s face. The gloves are covered in snow but Bakugo doesn’t mind as he’s lead in for a heated kiss. This is fine, enjoying this little bit of magic is what being dumb and in love is all about.



Chapter End Notes
relationships aren't easy or straight forward. Bakugo isn't good with feelings still and Kaminari is going through plenty of his own issues. They have a lot of growing tbh


Lets Explore
Chapter Notes
Blowjobs ahead.



Sero texted Todoroki again that night, they were all cuddled up in the living room after a heated round of clue they decided to take a break and chill out. With a sigh he looked over their messages like how he imagined Kaminari would look if he ever got a text from Bakugo. They were talking casually about school stuff, Todoroki was on the football which Sero remembered that the other wasn’t a fan of but it seems like Todoroki didn’t mind it as much. He had good teammates who made it fun for him to play.Sero wanted to go see him play but it’d be near impossible with the distance and how long a game lasts. He’d definitely need a place to stay the night and he’s not about to ask Todoroki to offer so he doesn’t bring it up. He just texts that he can only imagine how awesome a player he is.There’s a heavy silence, Todoroki read his message but wasn’t responding. Sero didn’t want to read into it so he just put his phone to the side and let out a sigh. Mina rolls to her side and cuddles up against him with a small curious smile. “Your dream boy giving you trouble?”“N-No, I was just texting him. I might have said something dumb that gave him the wrong idea.”“Like what?”“Well…” He pauses and sighs. “He was talking about his games and I was like yeah I can only imagine how amazing of a player you are. I didn’t want to say something weird like I’d like to see him play because then he might think he should let me stay over.”“Why wouldn’t you want that?”“Well, it’s like I don’t want to come off as inviting myself over!” He glances to his phone and checks it to see there still isn’t any sort of reply so he sighs once more and puts it aside.“You wouldn’t come off like that and even if you did he should let you stay over! If you’re willing to drive hella far for his game then that’s the least he could do!” Mina reasons and Sero nods that yeah if the situation was reversed he’d have no problem with opening up his home to him but his situation was different. He knows the Todoroki household is a little strained, at least that’s what he gathered from the bits of conversation they had in the past.“I still haven’t seen your games.” Kaminari pipes up since he’s been listening in the whole time. “Do you guys have a game against that Todoroki guy?”“Huh? Oh! Yeah we do! Bakugo we can show them our last game!”“No, we’re not showing them that!” Bakugo snaps and Kaminari who was nestled into Bakugo’s side pouts at the others yelling and shushes him.“I don’t care what game! Lets just watch something! If there’s one with Todoroki in it lets watch that one as well!”With the help of Kirishima and Sero they set up a laptop so it’s connecting to the tv. The high school has a facebook page where they have some of the games saved and recorded. They bring up one and Kaminari snuggles closer to Bakugo as he watches the screen in anticipation. He is asking questions immediately, he doesn’t know which one is Kirishima or Bakugo and needs them pointed out to him but for the most part he seems happy to watch how the game unfolds.Bakugo stares blankly at the screen, he never liked watching old games since it was so weird to see himself but this particular game he was extra amazing so he didn’t mind watching it with Kaminari. Kaminari isn’t as annoying as some of the girls he’s fake dated, Kaminari has no clue what’s going on but he seems fine with not knowing. He is just happy when he recognizes Bakugo and Kirishima doing their thing. When the recording is all done Kaminari wraps his arms around Bakugo’s neck.“That was badass!”Bakugo smirks and pulls Kaminari off him. “It was, now give me some space, it’s too hot.”“You sweat a lot.” Kaminari comments and Bakugo glares at him which is replied with a kiss.“He does sweat a lot.” Kirishima adds and Bakugo break the kiss to turn his head to glare at his so called best friend. “I do not, I sweat a normal amount. It’s hot in here and he’s clinging onto me like a hot blanket. Of course I get sweaty!” It was common sense, they need to stop trying to make him out to be a weird.They’re just trying to get him flustered but he won’t let them.“Well, even with all his sweating he still smells good so I don’t mind it.” Kaminari says cuddling up with Bakugo who just inhales sharply out of his nose. He should be pissed but can’t seem to force himself to start yelling at them again, somewhere in him he knows there’s no use since they won’t take his yelling seriously. It’s weird, it’s not that they don’t respect him but they definitely don’t fear him and have learned to take his anger as just a front. It’s weird to have people understand him to this extent, a little more than unnerving but he looks to Kaminari beside him, he see’s his hand on the others hip and he just feels content.                                                                                                              [------]The days go by and the group notices how Bakugo is quite the mother hen. He cleans up after himself, makes dinner and nags them to do chores around the house as well. Sero is responsible enough but even he feels like he’s getting scolded time to time. It’s a new side of Bakugo people don’t get to see and they like it.  Soon it’s the day before Bakugo and Kirishima have to go back home. The group is cuddled up on the couch watching Christmas specials when Sero stretches his arms up and with a text from his parents he grins. “Okay, guys time to stock up on food. Who’s with me!” His parents just deposited some money into his account so he can buy more food.“I’ll go!” Mina says jumping up, since she’s eager to stretch her legs.“Me too!” Kirishima adds. “I’ll help carry all the heavy stuff!”“Not feeling too good so I’ll hang back.” Bakugo says and looks to Kaminari. The blond looks to him worriedly and leans over to touch the others forehead. Bakugo huffs and tugs the others sleeve. “Stay.”“Huh?” Kaminari looks to him with a tilt of his head but nods. His forehead didn’t feel warm but maybe his stomach is hurting him? The cold can be hard on a lot of people and Bakugo is no exception to that. “Okay man.”The other three get ready to go and the two stay put on the couch. They say their goodbyes and Kaminari gets up to look at the other. “Want me to make you some tea or soup? I’m sure Sero has some-”Kaminari isn’t sure what happened but soon he finds himself pinned down into the couch with Bakugo on top of him. He was looming over him with this tense gaze and Kaminari stared up wide eyed. “B-Bakugo.”“Finally we can be alone.”“Yeah we’re alone...so you were just faking feeling sick?”“Of course I was. I never get sick.”“Never get sick, huh?”“Yes, I’m only sick of everyone hanging around.” He barely has any time to just have Kaminari to himself.Kaminari turns red and gulps but gives his best grin. “Can’t keep your hands off me? Hungry~?”“Idiot, you’re not the only one who hasn’t been able to indulge in what he wants. I won’t do anything you don’t want but you do want me to touch you right?” Bakugo asks and Kaminari nods and that’s all Bakugo needs to know. He takes his shirt off and hurries to take Kaminari’s shirt off. “How far have you gone again?”“Uhh...like I touched a girl and she touched me before. Like-” He makes the hand jerking motion in the air. “-Like that.”“So you’ve gotten a handjob? No blowjob?”“N-No. You’ve gotten blowjobs right?” Kaminari asks and Bakugo nods. “By girls though. I doubt it’d be much different if it was by a dude though since a mouth is a mouth.”“It’s only how attractive it is.” Bakugo answers and begins to to unzip Kaminari’s pants. The blond teen blushes but lets the other do as he likes.“But uhh- you’ve never done it either. I’d be the first guy you ever blew?”“Mhm.” Bakugo wasn’t shy or nervous about it though, he pulled Kaminari’s cock free of his boxers and pumped it slowly as it came to life. He looked to Kaminari who had his arm hiding his face and smirked. “Don’t hide, you can watch idiot.”Bakugo has no experience blowing a dude but he sure as hell will make up for that with confidence and tenacity. He takes the head in and sucks on it, Kaminari jerks at the initial contact and Bakugo grunts. “Don’t make me hold you down. Just relax.” Bakugo murmurs and Kaminari gulps before giving out a sigh. “Sorry, I just, this is all new and-” a low moan escapes his lips and he finally looks over to see what Bakugo is doing. The other is sucking on his dick and Kaminari is about to lose his marbles at the sight. The idea of getting his dick sucked was always his teenage dream and now that it was coming true he wanted to die. It felt good, it was hot and wet and Bakugo was bobbing his head up and down as he sucked on him. It was amazing, Kaminari had no reference to what was good or not but with how it was making him feel he was sure it was an amazing blowjob that he was lucky to receive. “Sh-Shit.” He can feel his climax mounting, he’s masturbated enough to know the feeling.He puts his hands on Bakugo’s head to push him back but Bakugo shoots a glare up at him as him daring to try and push him away. “B-Bakugo, I’m gonna cum you gotta-” and it was too late, he probably came too fast but since he’s never had a blowjob before he’s not too embarrassed by it. Bakugo gets up and walks over to the sink to spit it out. He runs the water for a few seconds which gives Kaminari a moment to collect himself. He puts himself away and sits up with shaky breath. Bakugo walks back over and Kaminari looks to him nervously. “I’ll uhh return the favor!” Kaminari shoots up and Bakugo looks to him with a raised brow. “Will you? You look ready to pass out.”“Okay man, I just had the most mind blowing orgasm in my life so I’m a little winded but I’m not going to pass out!” That does it, he won’t be looked down on so he pushes Bakugo to sit down and he kneels down on the floor between his legs with a determined expression. He doesn’t have experience with blowjobs, he’s never given one before and he’s only just received his first one moments before but that wont stop him.He gulps as he unzips Bakugo’s pants and does the same to him and pulls his cock out of his boxers and begins to pump it a bit. Kaminari is staring in awe, he’s never touched a dick before other than his own so he wonders how he’s making the other feel. He glances up and locks eyes with Bakugo who is staring at him so intently it makes him shudder. “I don’t have any experience so if it’s bad it’s not my fault.”“Just make sure you don’t use your teeth and you suck on it and you’ll do great, it’s not rocket science.” Bakugo hesitates but puts a hand on the others head. “Don’t try to take it all if it hurts. If you gag and bite down I’ll end up dickless.”Kaminari snorts out a laugh and pumps the others dick. “We wouldn’t want that!” He feels a little more at ease and he slowly inhales and leans in to lick the tip. It’s not a flavor he particularly can describe but he knows he’s not a fan. It’s tolerable though so he keeps going and goes from licking to sucking at the tip to trying to take in a bit more. It’s not much that he’s capable of taking in, just a few more inches past the head and it feels like he’ll gag and choke. There’s still more to take but he rests his hand on the base of Bakugo’s cock and starts to bob his head up and down like Bakugo did while continuing to suck. He hopes this feels good but he’s scared to look at what face Bakugo is making in case it looks pained or upset. Bakugo’s cock is still hard so he’s not hating it at least. Kaminari ventures to glance up and is surprised by Bakugo’s lust filled expression. Kaminari gives a hum which makes Bakugo moan and he feels encouraged to go even faster. He closes his eyes as he concentrates on his task at hand and feels Bakugo’s fingers through his hair, slowly they begin to clench and pull tight and Kaminari moans. Bakugo is calling to him but just like Bakugo before he doesn’t let up until his mouth is filling up with this gooey substance. It’s gross. Completely gross and he’s not sure how girls in pornos do it. He holds it in his mouth and slowly pulls up then gets up to go to the sink to spit it out and wash it down. Still some of it lingers on his tongue and he tastes it with a sour expression before walking over to sit next to Bakugo on the couch.“That tasted nasty.”“Yeah, it’s not great.” Bakugo agrees.Kaminari laughs and cuddles up beside Bakugo who pulls him close. Kaminari leans in and they meet for a kiss. “Was I any good?”“Mhm.”“You’ve had a number of girls blow you right? Where did mine stack. Remember that this was my first time.” Kaminari asks and Bakugo tugs the other close so Kaminari is facing him as he sits in his lap. Bakugo holds Kaminari’s hips and lets his hands wander over his skin. “You were good, likely the best since I’m actually attracted to you.”“The best!? Really!?” Kaminari is dumbfounded and also really proud of himself at the same time. “I guess I’m just a natural at it.”Bakugo snorts. “Possibly but I’m not sure if being a natural at that is a good thing.”“Not like I’m going around practicing so it’s good I have some natural luck with this sort of thing.”“Have you ever touched yourself here?” Bakugo asks as his palms brush over Kaminari’s chest and nudge against his nipples. Kaminari blushes and nods and Bakugo’s hands roam down Kaminari’s sides to his hips then travel further back to Kaminari’s ass. “And here?”“Oh geez, no, I know about touching there but I’ve never really explored that.” He’s seen plenty of gay porn as well as hetero porn but doing stuff with himself seems far too adventurous for him to try. “Maybe you should try…” Bakugo sneers at the idea of Kaminari doing things when he’s not around it’s basically inviting someone else to help Kaminari explore himself and that just won’t do. “The next time we’re together.” He adds at the end and Kaminari leans forward chest to chest with a small smile.They kiss and Kaminari wraps his arm around the others neck. When they pull away he chuckles. “Do you want me to promise to wait until we meet again?”When it’s phrased like that Bakugo frowns. “No.”“Are we going to see each other again soon?”Bakugo can’t promise that but he’d surely want it. “We can aim for spring break.”“You’d have to come see me then. I don’t have a car or any way to get to you.”“Stop with the weird phrasing. You make it sound like some rom-com drama.”Kaminari laughs cheekily. “Words are important you know!”



Swirling Feelings
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Bakugo and Kirishima are packing up the car with all their belongings and Mina is near tears as she hugs them both goodbye. Kaminari finally steps forward with his phone and looks at Bakugo with a grin. “I don’t have cellular data cause of...yknow but we can still text if you’re not busy.”Bakugo turns his way and looks at his phone then to Kaminari’s hopeful gaze. He sighs and shakes his head before taking the others phone and putting his phone number in his contacts before handing it back. Kaminari grins as he looks at it and then looks to Bakugo.“Better actually text me back when I text you.”“We’ll see.” Bakugo says with a smirk and Kaminari rolls his eyes and gives him a slight kick. “I hate you, get out of here.” Kaminari says with a smile and Bakugo tries to give this annoyed scowl but he’s smirking as he finally sits down in his seat. Kaminari goes to hug Kirishima goodbye and once the car is out of sight it’s finally just the three of them left.“The air is all weird now.” Sero comments.“Yeah, like a hole was made.” Mina adds and Kaminari smiles at them.“Come on gays, lets go back inside. It’s freezing!” He says and begins to push them towards the door. The three walk in and plop on the couch to watch some tv together like always. “I know he just left and all but do you think Bakugo is gonna continue to date other girls?”“Possibly? He’s still got the whole dude bro thing to uphold back home.” Sero says with a sigh.“That’s okay, I’m not upset but I was just curious. After we blew each other I hope he thinks of me when he’s doing it.” He says bluntly and the two look at him with wide eyes.“You blew him!? Like, sucked his dick!?” Mina shrieked and Kaminari laughed with a nod.“Yup! While you guys got food he sucked me off and I returned the favor!”“Well, I knew he was lying about being sick but I didn’t know you guys were going to go crazy on each other.” Sero says before squinting hard at Kaminari. “Where the hell did you guys do that?” “Here.” Kaminari gestures to the couch and the two others jump up. “We didn’t spill! We got it in our mouths and then spit it out in the sink!” Kaminari explains quickly but the cringy disgusted looks on his friends faces don’t go away.“Dude…”“We rinsed the sink out! There’s no jizz anywhere!”“If I sit down and get pregnant I’m blaming you two.” Mina says as she slowly sits back down on the couch and Kaminari snorts.“I can finally be your baby daddy though.”“Or Bakugo is.” she retorts with a grin and Kaminari pouts.“Geez, don’t go being nasty on my stuff.” Sero says as he sits down again.“At least we didn’t go to your room to try stuff.”“True…” Sero squints his eyes at Kaminari for a second before sighing. “So how was it man? Good?”“Amazing!” Kaminari sparkles. “He was really good, I’ve never had one before but I’m sure he’s really good! He said I did really good too, the best he’s ever had!”“Really? He said that?” Kind of hard to believe he’d compliment him but Kaminari has a magical effect on him so it’s possible. It’s also likely pretty difficult for anyone to be mean after getting a blow job.“Yeah! He said that! He also said it was because I’m the only person to blow him that he’s attracted to but that’s besides the point!”“So it’s not your skills.” Sero murmurs and Kaminari gives him a hard shove.“I’m a natural!”“Sure, Kami.” Mina snorts out before she begins laughing and Kaminari pouts.                                                                                                                                          [----]Days later Sero and Kaminari find themselves sitting on the couch, it’s just them since Mina does have a home of her own to stay in. They’re both looking at their phones with conflicted expressions. Kaminari has texted Bakugo a few times but their conversations are short and Kaminari has to wonder if they really don’t have anything to talk about. He tried to recall what they’d talk about when he was here but he can only remember teasing Bakugo then kissing him. Did they really not have anything they liked to talk about?Sero was in a different boat but was still struggling, he hasn’t gotten a reply from Todoroki since that one time and now he’s too nervous to text him again. Maybe he overstepped? Was he too awkward? Was Todoroki bored of him? It could be all of those things and more and Sero could hardly blame him.So both boys were thinking the same thing. Why bother?Common sense would then dictate that okay put the phone down but these boys are stupid and crushing hard so they didn’t. They just stared at their phones in dismay.“He probably thinks I’m a waste of time.” Kaminari murmurs.“He probably thinks I’m boring and annoying.” Sero murmurs as well and they look at each other sympathetically.“Dude, you’re not boring or annoying at all.” Kaminari says quickly, and he’s not just saying that because the other is basically taking care of him. He believes that, Sero is the funnest and coolest guy he knows.“And you’re not a waste of time man. You’re the best.”“Thanks man.” They smile at each other, feeling a little better but one glance at their phones has them feeling dejected all over again.“It’s just one text…” Sero murmurs and Kaminari nods. The two continue to stare at their phones for a while longer.[Text to Bakugo From Kaminari] Hey man! I heard that new spider man movie is really good! I’m kinda hoping to see it soon with Sero and Mina! You should go with Kiri and we can all talk about it!Kaminari nods since it seems like a decent text that can lead into more conversations and didn’t seem too clingy or like he misses Bakugo so much. He’s got to play it cool, the last thing he wants is to come off as desperate. Which he so desperately wants to do. He wants to tell Bakugo how he misses his kisses, he wants to have his dick sucked and he wouldn’t mind sucking Bakugo’s dick in return but if he sounds like one of the girls Bakugo dates then he’d hate himself more than anything. [Bakugo] Not interested in the movieKaminari seethes at such a shitty reply and he’s about to call Bakugo up and tell him to stop being a stupid stick in the mud.[Kaminari] It looks really cool though! You should try seeing it anyways! I bet Kiri would like it. I’ll have him make you[Bakugo] he’s not the boss of me[Kaminari] but he’s like the cutest brightest man in the world and can make anyone do anything[Bakugo] he is not the cutest brightest man jfc[Kaminari] then who is?[Bakugo] idk probably some dumbass[Kaminari] are you referring to me? Mayhaps? [Bakugo] no[Kaminari] i’m going to pretend you are anyways[Kaminari] thank you[Kaminari] <3[Bakugo] shut up, i’m not[Bakugo] Put that heart away[Kaminari] I can’t, it’s there and it’s going to be there forever[Bakugo] no more hearts then[Kaminari] triggering?[Bakugo] no it’s just stupid[Kaminari] What’s so stupid?[Bakugo] cutesy shit[Kaminari] oh i’m soooo sorrrrrrrryyyy. You’re just a big tough man that of course some cute widdle hearty wearties is gonna make you feel less masculine. uwu[Bakugo] I’m going to fucking kill you[Kaminari] gotta satsify some manly urges[Kaminari] satisfy* [Kaminari] that was a Mulan reference if you didn’t know.[Bakugo] shit head, I know the reference and next time I see you I will destroy you.[Kaminari] is that a threat or a promise?[Bakugo] A guarantee [Kaminari] <3 <3 <3Bakugo inhaled deeply at the string of heart emoji’s and if it was from the girl from school he would have been genuinely annoyed but right now he was amused and annoyed. Kaminari was fucking cute, in a stupid sarcastic little shit way. This would likely count as flirting now that he considered it but he wasn’t the least bit ashamed of it. It was just in good fun anyways.A few minutes later he got a text from Kirishima about going to see a movie and sighed. Kaminari did as he said and told Kirishima and now Bakugo will never hear the end of it until they go see the damn movie. He rolls his eyes and instead of fighting it he just agrees to go but Kirishima has to do all the planning and research for the movie times. Kirishima seems really happy about it which would be fine if it wasn’t for the fake Kaminari would give him shit for it now. The two are likely texting back and forth right now about how Bakugo caved and now are going to harass him about it. Idiots.Sero looked to Kaminari who was smiling as he stared at his phone and finally decided to work up the balls to text Todoroki. He sighs and decides to go with something plain and boring.[To Todoroki from Sero] Hey man, hope things are good for you. It’s freaking crazy out lately. I can’t stand the crowds. What about you?He sent it and then waited a few minutes, thankfully he wasn’t put on read  but after about 10 minutes of waiting he figured Todoroki was busy and couldn’t look at his phone. He sighed and slumped against the couch, Kaminari noticed and leaned into him and brought the blanket over them.“It’s okay man. Let’s go to the movies tomorrow~ It’ll be fun. I’ll buy all the snacks and popcorn.” Kaminari offers with a hopeful grin.“Generous of you, I might have to take you up on that man.” Sero says with a soft smile and glances at his phone to see the three grey dots moving. He gulps and wonders if Todoroki will actually reply or not. He’s never felt so tense about something and it’s kind of weirding him out. Should he be so strung up about a guy he met one summer years ago? Isn’t it weird? Obsessive even and he’s not that kind of creepy dude. He doesn’t want to come off as creepy either so if this next conversation doesn’t go well he’ll just drop it. He won’t bug Todoroki anymore. It seemed kind of lonely though, he looked to Kaminari who was all a flutter with his crush and Sero felt a bit jealous.If he and Todoroki stopped talking who would he crush on? Todoroki was the only who seemed to get his heart to skip a beat so he at least wanted to keep contact but if Todoroki didn’t want it there would be nothing he could do. With a ding of his phone he looks over and see’s that Todoroki finally replied he opened it up and gasped at the length of the message. “What the-”Kaminari leans over to look at the message, Sero pushes him back but he saw the big block of text. “He confessing his love or something?” Kaminari asks with a laugh and Sero pouts. “Give me a second to read it!”



Chapter End Notes
With the holidays its been hectic and time consuming. I hope everyone has a good next few days. I'll try to get back to my consistent updates but for the next 2-3 days I won't be able to write much so we'll see!Angst incoming though, I have a bit planned out for that.


Bad Path
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




[Todoroki] I’m very sorry it has taken me so long to reply to you. I swear I didn’t mean anything by it but I wanted to make sure I had all the correct information before I sent my message. It has taken me longer than I thought it would but I promise you’ve been on my mind. We talked last about my games and how you’d like to see one? I for one would love for you to come watch me play but I understand it would be quite the drive for you and an expense that wouldn’t make it worth coming such a long way for one game. I was looking through my calendar with all my games and talked with my parents and if you are available there will be a game during spring break that I’d be happy if you attended. Your friends Kaminari and Mina are also welcome and you all will have a place to stay the night.[Todoroki] Sorry, if this is overwhelming but I wanted everything to be settled before I started up on that conversation again. It took longer than I had anticipated due to some circumstances but it’s all settled. It’s up to you. Don’t feel pressured but if you want to then you are more than welcome and everything will be provided for you. [Todoroki] My sister usually likes to cook and she makes great soba.Sero stared at the messages for a long time, it made his heart get all fluttery and his cheeks become hot. It was all the symptoms of lovesickness and made it easy to forgive the others lack of response. He should talk to him about that but for right now he was too over the moon with excitement to care. He looked at his school calendar for spring break and responded back with what day the other was having a game on. Once he got a reply, thankfully within a few minutes this time then he saw that it did work out perfectly for him. It would be the weekend they got out for spring break which would mean they could stay the night and maybe even hang out a bit before going back home.Sero smiles happily and got up to tell Kaminari the news. The other had migrated over to the kitchen to warm up some good wholesome healthy pizza rolls. When Sero walked in all smiles Kaminari raised a brow and smiled back at him. “Okay? How was the novel? Get your winter break reading in?”“Dude! He’s inviting us over during spring break so we can catch a game! He’s gonna let us stay over and everything.”“Wait! A game? Against who?” Of course, Kaminari’s brain would go to any chances at seeing Bakugo, especially seeing him play a game but Sero shrugs.“Didn’t ask.”“Then ask!”“Geez dude, calm down. Whether it’s against your dream man or not you’ll go right?”“Uh, duh!” Kaminari grins and the two get distracted when the microwave dings and the pizza rolls are now bubbling hot and ready to go. They take it out and sit at the table to talk about their plan for the trip. It might not be the smartest idea to plan what you want to do for the next break during your current break because it’s going to make going back to school drag on forever. They talk about it anyways, Sero is going to see his crush and Kaminari will have the chance to see his and possibly see him play too. He’s really excited about it all and it feels like he’s got so much to look forward to.                                                                                                                               [----]Thanks to school work Kaminari’s happiness and excitement quickly died in a matter of weeks. He was failing two classes with a D in another and he was brought in by the school counselor about this situation. He can’t apply to any college with grades like these and at most he might have to repeat a year. As he sat there taking the news he felt his heart sink to his stomach and the color drain from his face. He’s known his grades were in the toilet but being told he’ll have to repeat a year was a slap in the face he wasn’t ready for. He felt like crying, he wanted to curl up into a ball and die. He sniffled and rubbed at his eyes to stop the tears from falling and then the counselor without remorse told Kaminari he would no longer be able to play on his school baseball team.Not that he particularly loved baseball but he had friends on that team, it was the one distraction he had that kept him active and now he had nothing. The tears were pulling at the corners of his eyes and if one broke free then he’d be sobbing for sure and he did not want to have a break down in the middle of school. He gulped hard and tried to just smile and nod. With things how they were he’d be better off just dropping out and finding a job to work full time. He could be a decent waiter or something, they can make decent money if they get good tips. That’s not what he wanted for his life though, he wanted to graduate with his friends but that’s impossible now. He won’t be able to graduate with them whether her drops out or not so he just gets up and walks out of the office to go back to the lunch area. He sits down and his friends look to him with concern since they obviously know that he’s upset and crowd next to him.“Kami?” Mina asks.“I don’t want to talk about it.” He whispers hoarsely and the two decide to not push it but they lean close to him. The rest of the school day goes by at a snails pace and Kaminari realizes he doesn’t need to go to practice anymore since he didn’t make grades. He walks to the gym and sits down in the stands as he watches Mina and the girls volleyball team practice. He sighs and gets out his notebook, since the school doesn’t have wifi his phone is completely useless so the only thing he has to use is his imagination, some paper and a pencil.He mostly scribbles in it since he doesn’t have any desire to draw much of anything but he watches the girls practice and sometimes will try to draw one of them in one of the action poses like diving for the ball. They’re all amazing and of course Mina is the most energetic one on the team who was likely the best. She deserved to be team captain but Sero and Kaminari agreed that the only reason she isn’t is because she’s gay and the other girls on her team don’t like her because of that. Obviously, not all of the girls are like that but some of the entitled bratty ones make it known they think lesbians are gross. Mina is far stronger than them and is too good to be broken down by their words. She doesn't play to be the captain she plays because she loves the sport and she's damn good at it.Kaminari has always looked up to Mina, her kindness and tenacity is something to be feared. He sighs as he watches her leap up to smack the ball down like some volleyball goddess and scribbles around in his notebook until she’s finished up. He waits for her to finish showering when practice is over and she eagerly bounds over to him with just as much energy as she had when she started practice. He smiled up at her, he just felt some of his tension melt away when she called to him with such happiness in her voice, like she was truly happy to see him. It made him feel just a bit better. He packed up his stuff and they left the gym in silence until Mina finally nudged him and gave him an expecting look. He sighed and with a deep breath he gathered his thoughts, honestly it’s a mess to even think about.“I’m failing two classes, well three…” he says solemnly. “I’ll have to repeat a year.”“Oh man…” She says softly, there’s not much room to say it’ll be okay when the situation is what it is. She feels bad for him since no one likes to fail classes, it's generally just a shitty thing for anyone to go through.“And, obviously I can’t play sports with failing grades so I’m off the team.” He added and kicked a small rock on the ground.Mina was silent, uncharacteristically for her usual self and Kaminari ventured a peak at her expression. He was shocked to see her frowning, she glanced to him, their eyes locked and she looked away quickly. Kaminari wasn’t sure what to think about what just happened and he reached out to touch her shoulder but she stepped away. That was even weirder.“Mina…”“They’re going to talk to my moms.” She answers and for whatever reason that seems like enough to answer his questions but it’s not. He’s not sure why she’s upset. It shows and her lip quivers as she struggles to keep herself composed. “They’re going to blame them, because they’re gay- they’re going to say it’s their fault!”“That- why would they…”“They always blame gay parents for their kids failures!” She snaps at him and he takes a step back.“M-Mina…” He feels like some deep rooted issue is coming up but he has no way of knowing how to deal with it or calm her down. He's not exactly mentally prepared for these kinds of things.“They’re going to blame my mom’s for your mistakes when they’ve been doing their best!” She’s near crying and she hurriedly tears away and runs off down the sidewalk to her house.Kaminari stands their stunned as shame begins to soak deep into his bones. Because he’s a failure the only people who have showed him any kindness and acceptance are going to be hurt. It’s all his fault. If he wasn’t a fuck up, if he wasn’t so stupid and useless, if he wasn’t queer then none of this would happen. His friend wouldn’t be in so much pain and neither would he. For the first time in a long while Kaminari remembered in vivid detail his suicide note in middle school. “Everyone would be better off if I never existed.” He mumbled and hot tears began to fall down his cheeks. It sank in and it seemed like the statement was finally holding true, everyone truly would be happier if he didn’t exist. It’d be better if he died and he cried harder because he was too much of a coward to kill himself. He wasn’t sure what he could do though. What was the answer to this solution that would stop the struggle for the people he cared about? Build a time machine and stop his parents from conceiving him? It would be the most convenient but ultimately impossible.The blond was so lost in thought that he started to walk down the street without thinking of where he was heading. He didn’t want to go back to Sero’s place, he felt he didn’t deserve to go to a home where all he did was abuse his friends kindness. Kaminari walked and he walked until the cold numbed him and found himself in the dark of the rundown part of the city. He must have been walking for quite some time but he didn’t mind too much, despite the cold and dangerous atmosphere of the place he didn’t feel scared. He just wanted to be far away from the people he has been hurting and for some reason this felt like it was in the right direction. He slowly turned a corner and saw a pair of legs stick out from beside a dumpster, Kaminari blinked and continued walking until he caught sight of the rest of the person. Thankfully, it was a whole man, a homeless man just propped up against the wall sleeping. Kaminari blinked a few times before deciding to sit down next to the man with a sigh. It was hard to get a good look at him, he had this shoulder length black hair, and a scruffy beard but other than that Kaminari couldn’t distinguish anything from him feature wise in this dimly lit back alley. With a frown Kaminari slumped against the wall and brought his legs up to cry into his knees. He sniffled and sobbed for a bit until he was harshly shoved.“Idiot, don’t come sit down next to me just to cry noisily,” the man snapped.“S-Sorry, I just-” Honestly, why did he come sit next to the man? Why did he instinctively go to people when he was upset, why couldn’t he stop bugging someone just for a second? God, he hated himself. “I’m sorry, I’ll be quiet.”“Kid, go home. Whatever fight you had is going to blow over so go home.” The man drawls out as he seems to snuggle up in his coats.“I don’t...have a home.”“Ha? What’s with the pause?”“Well, I was staying at a friends for a while but i’ve become too much of a burden.”“So now you’re wandering the streets until you met an old man to cry besides?” “I just didn’t want to be alone!” Kaminari rebuffs quickly. “I wish I could deal with my emotions alone but I just can’t! I’m just lonely! I just want to know that someone, anyone is nearby.”“You’re so dramatic, kid.” The man groans out and begins to remove one of his many scarves. “Here. Either leave or shut up.” Kaminari takes the scarf handed to him and he looks at it for a second before putting it on. “Thanks man, I’m-”“I said no talking.”



Chapter End Notes
Aizawa makes his debut, angst machine is rolling.


Finding Your Place
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




With a phone that didn’t work Kaminari had no way of knowing how many times his friends texted and called him. He was off the grid so to speak and it was strangely liberating. He fell asleep in that uncomfortable position and eventually found his head on the other man’s shoulder. He was awoken that next morning with a hard shove and he jumped awake and looked around quickly.“W-What’s going on?” He asked as he rubbed his eyes.“We need to move.”“Huh? Why?” Not that where they were was particularly comfortable but he was curious about the urgency. It was likely around 5am, it was kind of dark out still. The man rolls his eyes and he slowly gets up anyways and begins to walk down the alleyway. Kaminari not one to be left alone wobbly gets up and walks after him. The cold has made all his joints stiff.“So uhh, what’s your name mister?”The man stops to look at him then turns back around to keep walking. Kaminari doesn’t know how to take that but he follows after him anyways until they get to a run down building, there’s a fence around it because it’s up for demolishment but like most things in this area the government is slacking on doing anything. The man lifts part of the fence that’s broken and crouches through, Kaminari watches him for a bit until he decides to do the same and follows the man into the rundown building. In the halls he can see a few other homeless people sleeping and they get to a room where Kaminari can see some carts full of blankets and clothes  around the people on the futons. “So you guys live here?”“What do you think, kid?” The man asks and he approaches one of the futons where there seems to be a little girl sleeping, he crouches beside her for a moment before going over to the carts and pulling another blanket to put on her. Aizawa stands up and stares hard at Kaminari who gulps and gives an uneasy smile.“I’m Kaminari Denki, by the way.” He says and the homeless man walks away without a word and goes to a closet where it seems to hold their food. Kaminari watches him for a bit when a question hangs on his mind. “Why didn’t we sleep here for the night?” He would have much preferred sleeping in a building then out in an alleyway.“I was keeping a lookout.” Aizawa said as he shoved some cans into Kaminari’s arm.“But you were sleeping?”“Ever heard of pretending kid?”“It’s Kaminari Denki, not kid.”Aizawa gives him a scowl and just walks through the building once more and walks out to the back where there’s a courtyard. There’s a small fire pit and what seems to be a few containers full of dirty dishes. Kaminari puts the cans down by the fire pit and watches as Aizawa starts up the fire.“Gather some snow kid. We need it to clean the dishes.” Aizawa hands him a bucket and Kaminari takes it but stands there for a second before jolting up and hurrying to get the snow. The bucket is quite heavy when he’s got it packed with snow but he trudges back over to where the grumpy homeless man has a fire going. The bucket is metal so they can put it on the metal grate above the flames so the snow can melt. Once it’s all melted down Aizawa takes it off the metal grate and hands it to Kaminari.“If you’re going to tag along you better pull your weight. In the tubs there’s a few sponges and some soap, clean everything and put it in the empty container there,” Aizawa says as he points to the said empty tub next to the others. “Make sure there’s no soap left on them.”Kaminari pouts. “I know how to do dishes.” he walks over and starts working on his task, he’s not sure why he’s letting himself be roped into this kind of stuff but he supposes there’s not much else he could be doing. It’s still early, probably only 6am now, he’d have time to go back to Sero’s place, get a warm shower and get dressed and go back to school. All of which he didn’t deserve to do. With a sigh he washed the dishes and just thought of all his stupid mistakes he kept making in his life. He scrubbed hard at each dish and sniffled when memories of his parents and then the most recent memory of Mina’s unhappy and frustrated expression. He’s never seen that on her face and it was all his fault that she was hurting and if her parent’s are going to be blamed for his failures then it was his fault too. Salty tears ran down his cheeks and he didn’t notice the older man approach him, it wasn’t until the man put his hand on his shoulder did Kaminari flinch and look up.“There’s still soap on the dishes, you need to rinse them off properly.” Kaminari blinked up at him then looked down at the tub that was supposed to be full of clean dishes and he could see some bubbles still remained on them. He looked down ashamed and wanted to curl up and die. Why couldn’t he do one thing right?Aizawa noticed Kaminari’s evident mental break down in the making and with a sigh he got the bucket and handed it to Kaminari. “Get more snow, melt it and rinse them off. Don’t waste your time crying when this can easily be fixed.” Kaminari hiccuped but he nodded silently and took the bucket to get more snow then let it melt.He slowly walked back and rinsed off each dish he had cleaned and put it in the bucket right this time. Once he was finished he walked over to the Aizawa with the clean dishes.“Good, now get it full of snow again. We’re going to boil it to make some clean water.”Kaminari nodded and scurried over to a clean patch of snow to do his task and brought it over where Aizawa put it over the fire to let it boil. Kaminari sat down next to him and just watched the fire as he wiped his nose. Aizawa was crouched in front of the fire and finally let out a sigh and looked over to Kaminari. “What’s your story, kid?”“It’s Kaminari Denki.” Kaminari quickly retorts then takes a deep breath. “I’m not sure if you’ll find this gross or not but I’m actually a bisexual. I like boys and girls. There’s a boy I like-” He pauses and shakes his head. “I got kicked out of my parent’s place a while ago and I was living with my friend. My other friend’s parents were helping out too. No matter how much they supported me though I just hurt them, I have to repeat a year of school because of my grades and all I ever do is cause trouble.”“So you ran away.” “I did everyone a favor.” he replies softly.“Did they tell you to get out?”“N-No.”Aizawa sighs and shakes his head disapprovingly. “Look, I’m not gonna force you to go back but I’m sure you’re worrying them. Seems like you have some good friends and I’m sure they’re gonna get the police involved to look for you. If a cop asks if I’ve seen an idiot blond named Kaminari I won't hesitate to tell them.”“P-Please don’t, I don’t want to burden them ever again. I’ll work really hard from now on to contribute, I swear!” Kaminari said frantically as he gripped onto the other’s arm. Aizawa clicked is tongue and shoved him off.“Do what you want. Just pay attention.” He says shortly and notices the water has come to a boil. He takes the bucket off and with a strainer he walks back inside the building and begins to place the cups out in a line. He fills each with the hot water and he takes one to give to Kaminari who takes it eagerly and holds it in his hands. The warmth spreads into his hands and he gives an appreciative hum.“Shouta!” A loud voice echoes through the building and soon a man with long blond hair walks in with a bright smile. He’s got on a leather jacket with black pants that have plenty of holes in them they likely weren’t for fashion though. He smiles happily seeing his friend and looks to Kaminari with an amused gaze. “Who’s the newbie?”“The kid followed me here.”“Like a duckling, huh?” The man walks over to him and looks Kaminari up and down. “You in high school? College maybe? Just come out to hang with us cool kids in the dingey dark underbelly?”“Huh? Oh no, I just- I don’t have a place to stay so I-”“Oooohhh! You’re a fresh spring chicken, huh? Bad time of year to be kicked out of your place but don’t worry we’re like a family here so we all take care of each other. It’s nice to have a young face around.” The man leans in with his hand blocking the side of his face so Aizawa can’t see his lips. “Between you and me these old farts could use some new perspectives.”“I can hear you, you’re the same age as me.” Aizawa retorts.“Don’t say that!” The man screams and Aizawa sighs and hands him a cup of hot water. The man seems easily distracted and takes the water appreciatively before taking a few sips. He looks back to Kaminari and grins. “They call me Mic so that’s what you can call me, kid.”“I’m Kaminari Denki.”“Denki! I like it!” The man looks to Aizawa with a smile. “This crusty old man is Aizawa Shouta!” He slings one arm around the others shoulder with a bright smile and Aizawa grunts and pushes him off.“Aizawa, huh? Well now I know what to call him other than mister homeless dude.”Mic snorts and begins laughing. “That’s a good one! Mister homeless dude!” He slaps Aizawa’s back animatedly until he calms down and finishes the rest of his water. He puts his cup down and ruffles Kaminari’s hair. “Welcome to our little oasis kid. If anyone gives you trouble let me know.” Mic says with a bit more fondness to his voice and Kaminari smiles shyly at the rather kind gesture.“Sure Mic, I’ll let you know.”The man then puts his hands on his hips and grins. “I’ll go wake the others then!” He walks out swiftly and the two watch after him for a bit. They  can hear him shouting for everyone to wake up and Kaminari raises an eyebrow. “He’s a character.” Kaminari retorts with a grin and Aizawa shakes his head.“He’s a pain but he keeps things lively which we need in a place like this.”Soon people line up for their cup of warm water. They take it and find a place to sit as they seem to cherish each sip. Kaminari follows wherever Aizawa goes and helps him where he can, it’s time to start on breakfast and the cans from before are going to be the meal. They got canned peas, canned corn and canned sausages. It’s not something Kaminari would consider appetizing by any means but they weren’t expired and when they were all actually cooked it smelled pretty darn good. He wasn’t sure if he was invited to eat though since he was new to this family of sorts. Aizawa was plating things up when the young girl from earlier slowly walks over and yawns. “Mornin’” She mumbles and clings to Aizawa, he pats her head before kneeling down. “Go brush your teeth.”“Mnnn…” She pouts and then looks to Kaminari. “Who are you?”“Oh I’m Kaminari Denki.”“Denki? Are you living here now?”“He’s visiting.” Aizawa interrupts before Kaminari can answer her and then shoos her away so she can finally get her teeth brushed.“She’s cute, seems like a good girl. Why is she here? Shouldn’t she be in a home?” Kaminari asked.“It’s up to her, she doesn’t want to go to a home. She’s been through that stuff and has ran away each time and found a place here. She says she likes it better. I won’t force her to go do something she doesn’t want to do. She might realize soon enough that she wants to a find a foster family or get adopted. It’s up to her…” “I see, so you’re taking care of her like a foster parent.”“I’m doing what I can, that’s what we all do.”Kaminari sat and watched the man for a bit, he wanted to be strong like him but he just felt like a failure. Did he do everything he could or was he just abusing the kindness of those around him? He never repaid them for all they’ve done and only took more and more.“Give the plates out.” Aizawa ordered when he noticed Kaminari spacing out and the blond flinched and quickly went to do as he was ordered. When he had finished handing each person a plate of food he walked back to Aizawa with a sigh. He sat down and closed his eyes tightly until a plate was pushed in front of him.“Huh? Oh no, I’m good for today. I’m not hungry.” He truly wasn’t, his stomach was in knots and he’s not sure he could stomach much of anything. There wasn’t a lot on the plate to begin with but even that seemed like too much.“You won’t be eating until tonight, this is your only chance.”Kaminari took a moment to consider it and slowly took the plate with cautious hands. He ate the food slowly and relished in the warmth of the food he was able to eat. He took his time to eat since his stomach wouldn’t let him inhale the food but he did realize how hungry he really was. He forgot to eat dinner last night when he went for his walk and then he ended up passing out next to Aizawa. Once he was done eating he was instructed to gather up the plates and get to cleaning. Aizawa was working on boiling more water, they had water jugs they were filling up to save for later when there wasn’t an abundance of free water. It also helped for bathing, they might be homeless but they weren’t about to roll around in filth and stay in it all day if they could help it. The place they were in didn’t have running water but they had ways of working around things. Aizawa was fine with showing Kaminari the ropes and eventually the little girl came back to hug Aizawa.“Play with me!” “I can’t, Eri. I’m busy.”She pouts and clings to him and looks to Kaminari then hides behind Aizawa. Kaminari blinks a few times since it seems she’s being shy all of a sudden. Aizawa sighs and pats her head, he crouches down to talk to her in a hushed tone and then she pulls away and nods. She looks to Kaminari and calls out to him.“Would you play with me? There’s a park a little ways away, I can show you!”“Huh? Well, since I’m new here I should probably help out.”“They’ve got it covered! Come on!”
Kaminari looks to Aizawa who nods. “You’ll be doing us a favor by keeping her entertained.”The blond’s shoulders finally fall and he gives the girl a smile. “Okay, lead the way then.”She bounds over and takes his hand and starts to tug him along. They go inside to get extra coats and then they make their way down the worn out streets. Once at the so called park Kaminari finds a place to sit, she huffs and begins to pull him up. “I can’t play alone!”“Sorry sorry! What do you want to do?” “Push me on the swing!”Kaminari looked to the swingset, there was only one that was not broken but it seemed to be covered in rust. Kaminari winces and looks to Eri’s hands which do have gloves on them thankfully. He decides to appease her and wipes away the snow on the seat and lets her get on. He begins to push her gently and she giggles and chants for him to push her higher which he does but the sound of the rusted metal is making him uncomfortable so he slows it down a bit. After a few minutes of pushing he feels a bit tired so he lets her know he’s going to take a break. She lets out a small whine of annoyance but doesn’t push it, she continues swinging on her own and Kaminari sighs as he glances to the sky. It’s mostly cloud cover with small glimpses of a blue sky in the gaps, the sun shines brightly when given the chance but more clouds block out the rays. School has long started by now, he wonders if his friends are worried about him and the guilt of making them worry begins to set in. They’re probably wondering where he is, probably getting the cops involved but they’ll forget about him, right?“Bakugo…” He whispers under his breath, he misses him.“Hm?” Eri asks since she caught that he did say something.Kaminari blushes and shakes his head. “It’s nothing…” he pauses and looks to her. “So uhh, what’s your story, Eri?”“My story?”“Like, why are you hanging around here?”“I don’t like the other places, they’re all the same. They smile like they’re so happy to see you but the minute you make a mistake they show their true colors!”“The people in the foster program?”“Yeah, the mommy always says she wants a child, the daddy just seems to be going along with her. Since they can’t get pregnant they adopt but they don’t really want a kid.” She answers and Kaminari leans against the swingset to watch her.“They treat you like a doll and get upset when you act more like a human?”“Exactly! One time, I got adopted by this rich family. They gave me everything I could want but then I asked to go to the fair together. They didn’t like that, they told me they got me all kinds of stuff why would I want to go to a stinking fair? They don’t have time they said!” She pouts and slows down to a stop as she sits on the swing. “The rest are more of the same. At least with Shouta and the others I’m just a regular kid and I’m part of the family.”Kaminari smiles gently at her and he can see she’s been through quite a lot in her young life. “How old are you?”“I’m 9!” She chirps with a bright grin.“And, what’s Shouta’s story?”“His?”“Yeah, how did you meet him?”“At school?”“S-School?” That didn’t seem right, why was a homeless man hanging around an elementary school? That’s kind of shady.“He worked there.”“Oh, as a janitor?”“No, he was a teacher! He was a really good teacher, really patient and kind. He always knew how to help.” Eri replies fondly.“A teacher, how the hell did he wind up homeless then?” Kaminari asked, he asked more to himself because he wasn’t expecting an answer but Eri went quiet and kicked her feet.“He beat up the foster brother who was bullying me.” “Huh? He beat him up?” So the man was really protective, huh?“That guy- he was really horrible and made me scared. One day when he thought no one was looking he was hurting me but Shouta saw and he beat him up, he beat him up really bad.”“Oh.” The air feels heavy and he’s not sure what to say. “Then he got fired?”“Yeah, he got fired.” She murmured sadly and Kaminari smiled gently and pat her head.“Hey now, no glum faces. He knew what he was doing and I’m sure he doesn’t regret a thing. If I were him I wouldn’t either. If I saw some dude hurting you I’d beat him to a pulp too!” he raised his fist to the air with a cheer and grinned down at her. She smiled softly before hopping off the swing and running towards the jungle gym. “Catch me!” She yells and with a sigh he smiles and runs after her. The run around the little park, they fall on the slippery ground a couple times but they always stop to help each other up before continuing their game. Eventually they get into hide n seek for a bit before getting a stick to make hopscotch. They play on that until the cold sets in and no matter how much they move they can’t seem to get warm.“Lets go back, maybe we can get some warm water.”“Yeah!” Eri hurriedly runs along and Kaminari follows quickly behind her until they’re back at the abandoned building. Not many of the other people are there but Aizawa is out back shaking out the blankets. “We’re back!” Eri says happily and hurries over to hug Aizawa who pats her head and looks over to Kaminari. “Just in time, take the cart full of clothes and take them to the laundry mat.” Aizawa then hands Kaminari a key card. “That has enough for three loads of laundry, wash and dry.”“Oh uhh...where do I-I go?” his teeth chatter as he speaks despite his best effort.Aizawa sighs and pulls them back inside, he can tell they’re both cold and he has them both removed their first two layers of clothes, the jacket and sweater before giving them each new ones to replace them. Once in something that doesn’t feel soaked through Kaminari feels a bit warmer and sighs. “Do you think I can get some warm water before I go?”“I wont get it for you, get the bucket.” Aizawa says as he helps Eri into her sweater and extra coat.“Can I go with him?” She asks which makes Aizawa raise an eyebrow since Eri doesn’t usually attach herself to others this quickly.“Sure. You can show him the way.” She smiles at him and looks to Kaminari who is getting the bucket with snow and putting it over the fire to melt and get it to a boil. She leans close to Aizawa and pulls him close so she can whisper in his ear. “He’s my new friend.”“Oh, a new friend huh? That’s exciting.” She giggles and Aizawa pets her head gently before getting up to continue his work. Once Kaminari is done with the water they each get a cup to warm up with and then Eri is quick to pull Kaminari to the grocery cart. She hops on top of the pile of clothes and blankets and points in the direction they need to go. Kaminari laughs and pushes the cart for her, he makes it go pretty fast once in a while but figures he can’t control the wheels too well so he can’t go too crazy. After they turn the next corner Kaminari can see their destination and checks his pockets for the card. He feels his phone, something he just seemed used to having in his pocket. It might be dead by now but not like it matters. He can’t receive messages anyways.Once inside the warm air hits their faces and brings a sense of relief. He gets to work setting up each washer and like Aizawa said, it took three of them and he used the card to pay the machine and waited. Eri sat next to him on the bench and swung her legs.“Hey, Denki. You’re only visiting right?”“I uhhh…I dunno.”“Why don’t you know?”“It’s complicated…”“Do you have a place to go back to?”“Kind of but I’m only a burden so I’m going to try and stay where I can be of some use.”“How are you a burden? You’re so nice!”Kaminari chuckles and leans back against the wall. “Like I said, it’s complicated. I tried being myself even though I knew what would happen but I still did it. Then my friends are going out of their way to take care of me, like feeding me and supporting me. Even with all their help I still failed and they’re going to be hurt by it.”“But if they’re your friends they wouldn’t think that way!”“They do.” He answers with a sigh. “I’m just an useless idiot.”“No, you’re not.” She pats his shoulder and clings to him, she cuddles up against his side and he finally feels his heart breaking. He’s crying again but he does it as softly and quietly as possible. It’s so embarrassing to be crying like this and having a child comforting, he was supposed to be the mature adult but here he is so vulnerable as he depends on a young girls kindness. Pathetic.



Chapter End Notes
thank you for all the comments! it makes my day and I'm glad you guys are enjoying the story so far. Next chapter will focus on Sero and Mina and how they're dealing with this. Bakugo finds out.


Family
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




That first night after their fight Mina didn’t think anything of it, Sero called her that Kaminari hasn’t returned home yet but she blew it off. He’d show up later is what she said. It only made sense he’d go back to Sero’s once he felt like it. It was still hella cold outside anyways. They had a snowstorm a couple days ago and the temperature still hung around freezing temperatures. He’d go home.When Sero woke up the next morning and didn’t find Kaminari he called her to let her know and that’s when the dread and fear sunk in. Maybe something happened? Maybe his parents got him and forced him home. Maybe he got beat up and left in the snow to freeze to death. Maybe he got hit by a car and other gruesome things. The horrible ideas were endless and it would be all her fault.The two agreed to go to school and just see if he’d show up which he didn’t. Panic set in and Mina called her parents while she cried hysterically in the bathroom.“M-Mom! It’s all my fault! It’s my fault! I’m so sorry!”“Baby! What’s going on? Calm down! Are you okay?”“I’m fine...I’m not fine. I’m not hurt, I just...I messed up real bad. Kami didn’t go back to Sero’s last night. H-He’s not at school either. H-he’s missing!”“Honey, calm down. Don’t worry, we’ll handle it.”“Mom, I’m so sorry. It’s my fault, it’s because of what I said that-” She choked on a sob and her mom shushed her ever so gently. “Hey, I’m going to come pick you up, okay?” Just go out front and wait. It’ll be 15 minutes top.”“M-Mom.” Her voice cracks and she hiccups as she cries harder for a bit before agreeing. She comes out of the bathroom and does as she’s told and goes to the front of the school to wait for her mom. When her mother pulls up Mina is quick to run over. Her mother steps out of the car and two hug for a bit until Mina finally pulls away and they get in the car. Once in the car Mina finally tells her what happened. She tells her mother how Kaminari opened up to her, how he was upset he was failing and wouldn’t graduate this year. She told her how she couldn’t help but think how this would reflect on her parents. She didn’t want people to say it’s their fault, Mina knows her mom’s are great women and they don’t deserve half the shit they go through. Her mother reached over to hold her hand as they drove home and once inside she had Mina sit on the couch and made her some hot chocolate. She let Mina take a few sips before sitting down across from her.“You are a sweetheart and I know you have struggled because of your mother and I-”“But mom-”“No, buts. When you were in middle school you were trying so hard to be perfect so no one could say bad things about us. People would find any flaw and blame it on our sexuality as if being lesbians make us unable to raise a daughter. You worked yourself into the ground and it’s obvious you still have some residual feelings from then. Honey, people are going to say whatever they want to say and think whatever they want to think whether it’s true or not. You know better than to let the words of strangers cloud your judgement. You’re a wonderful young woman.”“I-I know…”Her mother smiles at her gently. “You shouldn’t have said what you said but there’s nothing we can do about it now. When we find him make sure to apologize properly.”“How are we g-going to find him?”“Well, we’ll get the police involved, they’ll help us search.”“O-Okay.” Mina begins to wipe tears away and her mother reaches over and holds her hand. “It’ll be okay baby.” Her mother coos and Mina smiles despite the tears and nods.                                                                                                                                  [----]The police involved went to Kaminari’s parents first just to check to see if Kaminari had shown up there. No luck but that could be considered a positive so it was now a search for him across town and beyond if need be. Sero texted him but nothing was read so he could only assume that meant that Kaminari didn’t have any wifi to read the messages. He sighed and on the third night of not knowing where Kaminari was he decided to text Kirishima.[Sero] Hey man, has Kami texted you in the past couple days?[Kirishima] oh no, i don’t think so. Not since a few days ago actually. It’s weird.[Kirishima] what’s going on?[Sero] just some phone issues[Sero] Can u ask bakugo?[Kirishima] yeah, i’ll ask him. Sero didn’t feel right lying to Kirishima but there didn’t seem to be any reason to worry him when he can’t do anything about it where he is. It would just cause him unnecessary stress and if Sero could save him from that then he will. It’s a few minutes before he gets a text from Kirishima but before he can answer back Bakugo is calling him. He jumps a bit but eventually answers it, for good measure he holds the phone away from his ear just incase.“Why the fuck did shitty hair just text me if I’ve talked to dunce face!?” Bakugo shouts and Sero is thankful for his preemptive thinking.“There’s just some phone issues!” Sero retorts quickly.“Bullshit! What the fuck is going on!? My shit isn’t going through! Where the fuck is he!?”“H-He’s here! His phone just isn’t working anymore I guess!” Sero replies and can feel sweat forming at his brow.“Oh yeah? Put him on then.”“I can’t...he’s uhhh in the bathroom.”“Oh yeah? He’s really in the fucking bathroom right now? So if I call back later he’ll answer, right?” Bakugo’s tone was taunting and he knew that Sero’s next answer would be a lie.“Y-Yeah.”“Alright. I’ll call back in 10 minutes. If he doesn’t answer I’m coming over.” Bakugo says with a sneer and hangs up abruptly before Sero can think up anything to say to stop him.Sero is panicking, he’s not sure what to say or do since it’s Bakugo he’s dealing with. He knows that the other doesn’t just say things without meaning them. It was all with good intentions that he texted Kirishima because it was possible that Kaminari was talking to one of them instead but it seems neither of the other two guys have spoken to Kaminari either. The 10 minutes come and go and right on the dot Bakugo calls. Sero is tempted to just ignore it and save himself the trouble but he’s sure that Bakugo would hop right in a car and come over just to kick his ass extra hard for ignoring him. So he answers.“...” Sero takes a deep breath. “Bakugo, listen.”“Where the fuck is he.” Bakugo hisses out coldly.“We don’t know and unless you have a super sense of smell and can track him down I doubt you can find him either so don’t-”“When did you last see him? Did you check is parent’s place. I bet you idiots aren’t looking-”“We checked there, we have the police looking and we’re worried sick! Bakugo, I know you’re worried about him and honestly we didn’t want to get more people involved but we had to know if he contacted anyone recently. So far he hasn’t which means he’s somewhere without any wifi or he has his phone turned off. It’s dead by now at least…” Sero takes a deep breath. “I’m sorry to get you involved but just stay put. There’s a storm coming in and if you get caught in it that’ll just make more things for us to worry about.”Bakugo stays oddly quiet for a bit before seemingly grunting in response. “So what the hell do you expect me to do? Sit here and wait for you tell me something? You’ve proven to be shit at informing me of what’s going on. How long has he even been missing?”“A few days now.”“Be specific, what day?” Bakugo snaps and it’s obvious he’s doing his best to keep some composure.“He didn’t come back after school three days ago.”“You saw him at school?”“Yeah.”“What happened between then and the last time you saw him?”“You sound like the police, Bakugo.”“Well, I’m trying to figure out where that idiot might have run off to!”“We looked everywhere we thought he might have gone and found nothing. They have posters up so if anyone see’s him and calls it in they’ll find him. We’re doing our best.”“You’re not doing good enough!” Bakugo snaps angrily and Sero frowns.“Look I know you care about him, we all do but-”“Shut the fuck up!”Sero was losing his patience and he took a deep breath. “Look man, this isn’t helping anyone. I’ll keep you posted from now on. Try to get some sleep.” He hung up with a groan and decided to text Kirishima about it, so much for being lowkey about this but he needed Kirishima to know in case Bakugo does anything stupid. Of course when he did talk to his good friend Kirishima, he  was incredibly worried and was about to get in his car and go look down every street from his town to Sero’s. Eventually Sero calmed him down and convinced him to make sure Bakugo doesn’t fly off to go looking for Kaminari either. With a storm coming they don’t need one of their own getting stuck in it and potentially trapped in their car to freeze to death.The stress was getting to him though, he took a minute to breathe deeply but it didn’t seem to lessen the anxiety he was feeling and has been feeling for the past few days. He wasn’t sure what to do or how to make himself feel better, he didn’t have parents to go to for venting or siblings. Mina is dealing with her own shit and Kirishima doesn’t need more crap to worry about. Sero felt so trapped and he just wanted to talk to someone.He looked at his contacts and mulled over the one person he wanted to talk to more than anyone. He gulped and decided to text him.[Sero] Hey man, sorry to bug you but if you’re not busy can i vent to you?There was a few minutes until the message was marked as read but Todoroki replied quickly.[Todoroki] Of course give me a moment.Sero blinked a few times at the response, but he’ll wait until the other is ready. Maybe he can’t be getting a bunch of texts right now. It was around dinner time, it should be after when most people eat but every family is different. With a sigh he waited for the other to reply but he was shocked to see his phone light up and it show that Todoroki was calling him. Sero’s heart leapt out of his chest and he fumbled with his phone before answering.“H-hey.”“Sero, hey.” There was a small pause, it seemed like Todoroki was shifting. “What’s going on?”“Oh man, i don’t want to stress you out with my drama but it’s just been a lot lately.”“I don’t mind, I don’t know what I can do but I can listen.”Sero pauses and a soft smile forms on his lips as he feels hot tears stinging his eyes. “It’s all a mess man, I’m doing my best here but one thing happens after the other and nothing is fixed. My friend is missing and I don’t know if he’s dead or not.”"You...got the police involved?”“Yeah we did.”“Good, you did your best then. I know it’s impossible not to worry but it’s okay if you trust others to take care of things.”“I know, it’s just…”“You try so hard to make everything happy, like it’s your job to make sure everyone is okay. I’m not sure you’re taking care of yourself enough.”“Well I-I just want my friends to be happy.”“That’s great, that’s a wonderful thing to want but you need to make sure you’re happy too. Have you called your mom and dad? You’re still on good terms with them, right?”“I am…”“I know it’s not my place but maybe you should ask them to come see you?”Sero paused and he hadn’t thought of that. It didn’t cross his mind to call his parents back home. He figured it was too selfish of him and he can handle this but maybe it’s time to admit he can’t handle this alone. He sniffles and begins to wipe the snot at his nose. “T-Todoroki, you’re amazing. Thank you so much.”“No problem, I’m actually really glad you came to me to talk.” There was a short pause. “Your voice is different but it’s still as pleasant as I remember.”Sero blushes and bites his lower lip. “Really?” He asks breathlessly. “Y-You’re voice is really great too! It’s uhhh always been great but after years it’s still...awesome.” He feels like an idiot because he’s spotting nonsense but he’s not lying that’s for sure. Todoroki pauses and they’re both awkwardly quiet until Todoroki clears his throat.“Thank you.”“Yeah…” Another awkward pause. “I’m going to uhh...call my parents. You uhh have a good night.”“Yes, you as well. Goodnight, Sero.”“Night.”Sero finally hung up the phone and took a deep breath, Todoroki had some magical power to just solve all his problems and he felt just a bit stronger. He brought up his mother’s number and called. “Honey?” His mother answered, concern laced in her voice since it's a bit late at night and Sero rarely calls.“Hey mom...I uhh, some tough stuff is going on and I really really want you guys here.”“Oh honey, of course. What’s going on?”"Kami ran away and we don’t know where he is. I feel like I’m losing my mind.”“Oh no...well, I’ll head out tomorrow. I’ll see if your dad can come but just know I’m coming back for sure.”“Thank you mom.”“Of course, Hanta. You need anything when I come over? Is there enough food?”“The fridge is stocked up so I’m good. I’m just stressed and really tired.”“I would imagine! Kami is going to be okay! Don’t worry!”“Thanks mom.” He lets out a sigh and they say their goodbyes before they hang up and Sero reluctantly goes to the kitchen to warm up some soup. He’s happy, with his mom here she might cook breakfast for him and honestly he just wants a warm cooked meal from someone he loves. The only thing that would make this better is if Kaminari would walk through the door or at least text him he’s alive.



Chapter End Notes
Sero is really a sweet boy, I want to write more of his goofy meme loving side but currently he can't indulge in that with everything going on. Mina is doing her best too.


Open Up



Bakugo was close to losing his damn mind, he was pacing around his room and his mother  yelled at him to knock it off for which he yelled back for her to mind her own business. Kaminari’s whereabouts have been unknown for a few days now and sure Bakugo noticed that Kaminari had stopped texting him but he assumed that the idiot finally decided to focus on school or maybe find himself someone who would actually care about him. They were basically friends with benefits anyways and although it didn’t sit well he felt like it was just the natural progression of things.This was completely off and it was by far the worst thing that could happen. Kaminari ran away and it was still winter time so the temperatures were dangerous, especially during the night. Sero, the bastard had the audacity to not tell him sooner and that ate at him even him. The weekend would be coming up but if he went out there the weather might snow him in, he’d not only miss a game but he’d miss school. It’s not like he can’t afford to miss some days but his parents wouldn’t let him take the car to drive to some city to search for some guy he met. Bakugo sat down at his desk in his room and tapped his finger erratically as he opened his laptop to see the missing person report once again. He refreshed the page a few times, not really knowing what he was expecting to happen. It infuriated and calmed him at the same time. Kaminari was missing but at least he wasn’t found dead. Bakugo put his head in his hands. Please don’t be dead he thought with all his might. He’s not sure if he could stand it if anything happened to Kaminari. He can’t just sit here and do nothing, there’s no way he can relax if he’s not trying to find him. He’s not dumb though, he can’t just go out driving with a storm on the way but even if it means missing school he’s going to go over there and find the idiot. If he’s found before he can make it over he’ll still do the drive just so he can kick Kaminari’s ass for good.                                                                                                                                             [----]The blond had started to make himself a little family in the few days he’s been hanging with this group of homeless people. With him it makes 8 people who live there but some of them go out to see if they can get money. Mic happened to be a guitarist, he had one guitar with a broken string on it but he still knew how to rock it. He had a few places he played and he raised the most money out of the group.He usually came back with a sore throat and Aizawa would have some warm water for him and a little bit of honey if they had some. The two were actually both teachers at the same school for a time but Mic had quit to pursue a music career. It didn’t seem to be going too well although he’s known around the area as a great player and singer so he was famous in his own way.Kaminari was interested in his playing and talked to him about it when he had time. Mic was happy to tell him about his guitar, he’s had it for a long time and was something he cherished. He loved telling stories whenever he got the chance and Kaminari humored him most nights with listening, everyone else seems to have heard it a few times before so they ignored him. Aizawa would go be look out and from what Kaminari gathered he was checking to make sure there weren’t any police looking around the area, if they found a bunch of squatters even in an abandoned house they’d kick them out and do everything they can to keep them out. Aizawa watched and listened so he could warn everybody if the police were getting close and they could run away.It was the 5th morning and Kaminari awoke next to Eri with a yawn. Since there was only so much room and some many makeshift beds he shared one with her. They were the youngest here and it was kind of nice to cuddle up with someone in the cold. The building for obvious reasons didn’t have any heating so everyone had plenty of blankets. Eri was a bit twitchy in her sleep, Kaminari has been punched and kicked a few times but once she settles down she seems to keep still. He rubbed his neck and sat up to look around before slowly getting up, he touched the cold ground and cringed before getting on his shoes. He walked over to get on a sweater and jacket before heading out back to do the dishes from last night and then get some warm water for everyone. Aizawa joined him eventually and pat his shoulder. “Today you’ll be taking Eri to the library.”“Library?”Yeah, the place with books.”“I-I know what a library is!”“She’ll direct you to where it is.”“Okay…” He nods and scratches his head a bit before returning to his task at hand. They made some breakfast and then once Eri was ready they got their stuff and headed out to the library. Aizawa handed her a piece of paper with a small list of books. “Hang around as long as you guys want, it’ll be warm there and the librarians are fine with her around. Don’t do anything stupid and it should be fine.”Kaminari smiles and nods before Eri hurries over and tackles him in a hug before taking his hand to pull him along. They make their way to the library and once inside the librarian at the front desk greets Eri with a smile The woman looks to Kaminari and recognition is evident on her expression, Kaminari is sure he’s never seen this woman before but he glances to the wall beside her and see’s a picture of himself. He’s on a missing person’s poster. He gulps but he gives a smile, he brings his finger to his lips and winks. “Ssshh~”She sits back and he walks past her with Eri as they go to the kids section and get a few books. As they walk to a table he notices a phone charging area and he reaches for his phone in his pocket. He looks to Eri who is sitting now with a book open then back at the charging area. With a sigh he walks forward and plugs his phone in and walks away. It’ll take time to charge and while Eri is reading he might as well look around. He strolls around the many aisles of books and takes a few with some familiar titles. They’ve been made into movies so he knows them to an extent and liked them so maybe the book isn’t that bad. It’s not like anyone is around to judge him and it’s not forced reading so hopefully he can enjoy it.With a stack of three books he walks back to where Eri is and sits down across from her.“You doing good?”“Mhm! This is easy!” She says brightly and Kaminari grins.“You’re a smart girl! Do you like reading?” “Yeah! It’s pretty fun! I wanna write my own stories some day!”“That’ll be really cool! Let me read them when you do!”“I’ll give a special reading to everyone back home!” Back home meaning the abandoned building and Kaminari grins at her enthusiasm. With a sigh he opens the book and begins reading, he finds that the story is much more enjoyable when he’s not reading for a grade. He sits back to read as Eri is and enjoys the warmth of being inside a heated building. He glances to the woman and figures if she called the police they would have been here by now. Kaminari goes back to reading until he notices that Eri had gotten up to get some new books. He puts his book down for a bit and looks to his phone. He checks the clock on the wall and it has been almost an hour since they arrived so it should be charged by now.He walks over to his phone and unplugs it and walks back to his seat. He turns it on and his usual wallpaper greets him. He checks settings if there’s any wifi and to his surprise there is but there’s a password. When Eri comes back he claps his hands together in prayer motion. “Eri~ Can you help me?”“Hm? What is it?”“Can you ask the librarian lady for the wifi password?”“Sure thing!” She skips on over to the desk and the librarian smiles and writes down the password. Eri walks back with a smile and hands Kaminari the piece of paper. “Thank you!”“No problem!” She says happily before sitting back down to start reading again. With a heavy heart Kaminari puts in the wifi password and suddenly life is brought back to his phone. He is getting message after message with about 20 missed calls. He places a hand over his mouth as he stares at it all and finally looks at the messages. These were over the past few days so there was quite a number of them.[Mina] Kami, i’m so sorry for what i said. I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just being a child of gay parents i’ve seen how people treat them. Any failure of my own was reflected on my parents and their sexuality as if that’s the reason I’m no good. I know you’ve been struggling, you’ve been going through a lot and anyone else would be having a hard time keeping up their grades. It’s not your fault and I shouldn’t have gotten mad. [Mina] I’m sorry, i’m so sorry.[Mina] Kami, pls be okay. You don’t have to forigve me for being a shitty friend but pls at least let Sero know you’re alive.[Mina] i’m hoping you’re keeping warm. Pls be okay.[Mina] I miss youTears pricked at his eyes and he left her messages to look at Seros.[Sero] Man, where are you?[Sero] This isn’t funny man, you better be on your way back.[Sero] Kami[Sero] Fuck, did you run away? Kami please don’t do this. [Sero] Mina told me what went down. Listen, it’s gonna be okay! We can do study session and make up work and make up classes during the summer. It’s gonna be okay. Just come back. I’m really worried about you.[Sero] Kami if you can answer me. It’s driving us nuts not knowing if you’re okay.[Sero] We love you man, please be okay.Eri noticed Kaminari crying and walked around the table to sit next to him. He gave her a shaky smile to reassure her but she didn’t seem to fall for it. He pat her head and told her to keep reading. He looked to the next set of messages this time from Kirishima and he gulped knowing if Kirishima knew then it was likely Bakugo knew too. Kirishima’s messages were kind and filled with worry, it made Kaminari’s heartache he was hurting the people he cared so much for like this. He checked Bakugo’s messages and he didn’t even need to read them to know he was pissed. They were in all caps.[Bakugo] WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU?![Bakugo] DON’T IGNORE MY FUCKING MESSAGES IDIOT![Bakugo] FUCKING ANSWER ME OR IM COMING DOWN THERE TO KICK YOUR ASS!Kaminari cringed at that but he couldn’t help but smile, Bakugo really did care about him in his own way. With a sigh Kaminari decided to answer them, he made a group chat so it’d be easier.[Kaminari to the group] hey guys, sorry to have worried you so much. Not dead! I’m doing okay, I found a place I can be of some use to the people around me. It’s pretty nice but i don’t have wifi except if I go to other places that have it. I’m sorry to worry you guys but i’m okay[Kaminari] Thank you, I love you guys.Kaminari saw that people were replying and he could feel his hands becoming clammy. They should be in class right now so he didn’t expect them to reply right away but he supposed teens are always checking their phones especially when they’re bored in class. His phone started ringing seconds later and everyone in the library started looking at him. He started sweating and ran to the front door and stood outside. He was surprised by the name on his screen, it was Bakugo. With a deep breath he answered.“You idiot! I don’t know where you are or what you’re fucking thinking but go back to Sero’s place!” Bakugo yells and Kaminari shrinks back from his phone.“I’ve got a place I’m working at so I-”“I don’t care about some shitty place you found! Go back to Sero’s!”Kaminari groaned. “Look, I don’t want to be a burden to anyone anymore.” He pauses as he wonders if he should admit this or not to Bakugo and decides he has nothing else to lose. “I’ve dropped out of school so I’m doing what I can to take care of myself.”There was a pause and Kaminari could feel what he assumed to be Bakugo’s disgust through the phone. “Listen here…” Bakugo seethes, his tone icy cold. “You don’t need a high school degree to get into college. You can take a GED exam and most community colleges will take it. There’s fasfa program so you don’t have to spend money or you’ll at least get a loan. Just because you dropped out of shitty high school doesn’t mean everything is fucked.”Kaminari pauses but all of what Bakugo is saying seems like too much for him. He’s scared, he’s not smart enough to figure those things out. “Why do you even care?” He asks bitterly.“Because.” Bakugo snaps since he can’t exactly answer that question honestly. He cares about Kaminari with his whole fucking heart and soul, the moment he saw that message from Kaminari in the group chat he shot out of his seat and ran out of the classroom to call him right away. He just needed to hear his voice.“That’s a shitty answer and you know it.” Kaminari quips with a small laugh and leans against the building. “Look, I’m helping out in a place and I’m okay so don’t worry.”“Where the hell are you staying? With who?”“Some friends.”“What kind of fucking friends?”“Just some nice people I met.” Kaminari laughs and looks up at the cloudy sky as it starts to snow. “Oh, It’s snowing.”“There’s a storm coming in tonight. Do your new fucking friends have a place to keep you warm?”“Yeah, we got some stuff.”“The fuck does that mean?”“Hehe, don’t worry about it. I’m alive so just...forget about me, I guess.”“You’re an idiot, after this storm goes by I’m coming over and I’m kicking your ass.”Kaminari laughs and shakes his head. “That’s dangerous man, you shouldn’t do that.”“I’m going to. I’m not leaving until I see you either.”“You’re such a bully!”“I wouldn’t have to be if you listened!”The door opened and Eri looked at him curiously she reached for his sleeve and tugged him. “I need help.” She whispers and Kaminari looks to her with a smile.“I gotta go Bakugo. It was great to hear from you.” He hangs up quickly despite hearing Bakugo yelling at him not to and lets Eri pull him back in where she points to the section of the story she’s not getting. He sits next to her and reads it over a few times before trying to explain it as simply as possible. She seems to understand or she’s nodding along pretending to understand and continues reading. Kaminari looks to his phone that’s riddled with more messages, everyone was asking where he was and if he’d come back to Sero’s place but he answers that he’s okay and he doesn’t have any plans of coming back. He lets them know he’s turning his phone off for now and does as he says as he tries to focus on what he’s reading. He’s not sure how to handle the Bakugo situation to be honest he was surprised that Bakugo wanted to see him. It made him blush realizing Bakugo cared about him beyond just someone to make out with. Bakugo wanted to help him, he wanted him to be safe and maybe even wanted to see him for the sake of seeing him. Kaminari buried his face in his book and groaned in frustration. He wasn’t sure what to do with himself, he should focus on contributing here with the other homeless people but he couldn’t help but still feel giddy. He wanted to kiss Bakugo again, he wanted to be held by him, his heart still did flips when they talked. He still had it so bad but there’s no way, especially now that Bakugo would ever want to be with him like that. There’s no point in indulging in these feelings but Bakugo can just say one thing to make him fall in love all over again.



Working
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Her name was Midnight, that’s the name she went by and the only one she gave to anyone who asked. She had long black hair that she kept in a messy bun that went with her overall aesthetic of cozy slob. She wore sweaters that reached past her hips along with sweatpants. In the cold weather it made sense to dress warm but she had a partial liking to oversized clothing. She was friendly but was quite mysterious.Kaminari asked Eri about her and was shocked when a little girl of 9 said quite plainly that Midnight was a prostitute. Kaminari was sweating and he was tempted to ask for an explanation because maybe Eri’s definition of prostitute might be different than the actual definition. He didn’t ask though, too stunned to form a coherent sentence he just nodded and continued on with his reading.When he got back he left Eri to someone else’s care and went to the alleyway he first met AIzawa, the man was there, snow gathering on his clothes and Kaminari sat next to him.“So uhh...Midnight.” he started and scratched his head lightly. “I heard something interesting.”Aizawa sighed and shifted a bit. “She works as a prostitute when it’s warmer.”“Oh?” Kaminari has never heard of a seasonal prostitute but it’d make sense why that would be. “She’s really nice and friendly I just never thought she’d be the type.”“Stop letting stupid hollywood movies tell you what kind of person looks like based on their job. The guy at the fast food place doesn’t look like the guy at the one across the street even though they have the same job.”“I-I know that! I didn’t mean it like- I just-” His face scrunched up realizing how stupid he just sounded and there was no denying it. “Sorry.”“Everyone’s got their story, kid.”“How does Eri know? Wouldn’t you guys keep that secret from her?”“She met her before this.”“Huh!? Is she her mother!?”“No, you idiot. Eri-” Aizawa paused and looked up at the sky, the light bits of snow that fell to their little spot seemed almost beautiful. “Eri, was adopted by a rich family with a shit guy for a brother. He was spoiled, given everything he wanted and although he was 20 and still lived with his parents it seemed there were things he still wanted. He started using, he bought drugs and although he was caught he was given a slap on the wrist by the authorities and a fine that his parents paid for. He decided to play safe after that though and used Eri instead to go get his goods. He’d send her with the money and have her walk through the slums to get his crap. Eri got mugged a couple times and Midnight was there to take her back to her place and patch her up. That’s how they met.”Kaminari’s throat squeezed and he could understand with perfect clarity why Aizawa beat the shit out of that guy. It was all over the news, it was painted against Aizawa though so he looked like the crazy one. He did a number on him though, there wasn’t just a few punches thrown around it was a straight up beat down and Aizawa wasn‘t holding back. The blond looked to the man next to him and he decided that Aizawa was the most badass guy he’s ever met. “She took care of her.” He whispers and takes a deep breath, it was a lot to take in. “Poor Eri.”“She’s away from that shit now.”“So does Midnight still do that stuff?”“Yeah, she seems content with it. She says it’s a simple job and gives her plenty of cash. It helps us, she used to live in an apartment but when she learned about Eri’s situation and this place she decided to give it up. Now when she gets money she spends it on food and clothes for us.”“That’s so cool!” Kaminari says energetically and beams happily. “I wouldn’t say it’s cool…”“It is! Paying for an apartment and like all the other stuff with it can be really hard right? It’s perfect that she can stay there for free and the money she makes can go to all the other stuff. In the winter she doesn’t work right?”“More or less.” Kaminari had unexpectedly hit the nail on the head there, Midnight had plenty of money during the warmer months but affording rent with all the amenities left her barely scraping by. During the winter it was worse because not only was it freezing cold there were also many nights she couldn’t even go out and many more when no one was out to pick her up for the night. She’s been kicked out of a few apartments to the point they wouldn’t admit her. It worked out for all of them. During the warmer months she treated them to extra stuff and during the winter she didn’t have to worry about being kicked out.The snow started to kick up and Kaminari looked to Aizawa with a curious gaze. “It’s gonna get bad soon. We better go.”“I’ll stay out a bit longer, go back and get some water heated up.”“You’re going to catch your death out here.” Kaminari said softly, a firm pout on his lips but he knew Aizawa to be just like a cat and will come back when he’s read. “I’ll go but don’t be too long.”                                                                                                                                     [----]That night the group huddles together for warmth, this is how they survive the storms.“They say the best way to keep warm is to get naked and share body heat. Won’t that be exciting?” Midnight whispers in Kaminari’s ear with a laugh. He jolts and blushes brightly. “N-No! This is good! I’m not that cold.”“Midnight don’t tease the boy.’ Aizawa chides as he holds Eri’s ears and finally lets them go. “You don’t need to do that y’know.” Eri says with a pout.“I’m trying to pretend I’m a somewhat decent adult.” He chides and she laughs up at him.Kaminari smiles softly at the group and just snuggles tighter in his blanket. The wind is howling with all its got outside as the snow comes down. They are protected in this room the one that is furthest from any broken windows. It’s still freezing cold but with 8 people, plenty of coats and plenty of blankets in one room it’s bearable. “How long is the storm supposed to last?” Kaminari questions.“All night, most of tomorrow.” Aizawa answers.“Mhm, not too long then.”“If we’re lucky.”The group settles down for the night, Eri and Kaminari make up the middle where they are snuggled up nice and warm. Kaminari has never felt so taken care of before and he indulges in this little cuddle pile. He misses his friends dearly, he's reminded of the time Kirishima and Bakugo had come over and they cuddled together. It was so perfect then.                                                                                                                                [----]The next morning it’s still snowing and Kaminari checks his phone to make sure it is indeed morning. It reads 10:30am and no one is hurrying to get up and get breakfast going. They can make a fire inside but they make the fire in one of the rooms with broken windows. The last thing they wanted was for the room to be filled with smoke. Aizawa eventually got up and Kaminari got up too to start helping as well. The other room was freezing but once they got the fire going and started cooking up a meal it was comfy to be close to the fire. They decided breakfast would be a big one today, the cold zaps a person’s energy rather quickly and since they are all just trying to keep warm a bigger meal will help them. Having a full belly is what’s important and if they can afford it then they should.Kaminari eats slowly and looks at the others around him. “I used to think my troubles were the worst in the world.” He mutters to no one in particular.“At the time it probably was...for you.” Midnight answers with a smile.“Now that I know how- I mean, my problems were so petty.”“Maybe they were but a problem is a problem. It’s good to have perspective though, to know it can be worse and to be thankful that it isn’t.” Midnight answers and takes a bite of food. “If it upsets you it’s real and it’s a pain.”“I guess, you’re right.”“I’m always right~” She says with a small laugh and then looks to Eri before glancing to Kaminari. “We’re glad you’re here though. Even if you decide to go back to your old life you’ll have a place here.”“Thank you. I don’t know if I’ll go back. I want to do something where I contribute. I want to just be of some use to people and not so much a burden to everyone I care about.”“Well that’s a noble idea but not very practical.” Mic interrupts with a grin.“What yah mean?”“I mean that it’s impossible not to be a burden but it’s like you burden each other. You take care of each other’s burdens so all the issues are handled. That’s how we work here. We’re still a pain for each other but we’re pains whether we’re together or not.” Mic adds and slings his arm around Aizawa’s shoulder who this time doesn’t push him away.“If you take up space and make trouble it means you’re alive. As long as you’re not hurting anyone you’re not doing anything bad by just existing.” Midnight says with a smile and Kaminari smiles back shyly.“I guess I caused more trouble for my friends.”“Mhm.” Aizawa hums and pats the others head. “Make it up to them when the storm ends.”“Y-Yeah.” Eri crawls over, sits next to him and he smiles at her before patting her head gently. He’s got a lot of apologizing to do later. Life is not easy by any means and Kaminari is coming to the conclusion he’s not really good at making all the right choices. It’s like a video game and he keeps picking the wrong dialogue options and he’s pissing everyone off. He doesn’t want to do that anymore. He’s gotta make all the right choices from now on.



Chapter End Notes
Next chapter we'll have more Sero, Mina and Bakugo. Happy New Year guys!


Steps Forward



The morning after Sero called his mother he awoke to the smell of pancakes coming from the kitchen. He slowly got dressed and headed towards the kitchen where he saw his mother cooking away in front of the stove. “Mom.” He said breathlessly and she jolted and turned to him with a smile.“Hanta! You surprised me! Good morning! I was just making you breakfast. Go ahead and sit down!”He smiles and walks over and pulls her in for a hug. She chuckles and hugs him back before pulling away and looking up to him. “You grow more and more every time I see you. You’re just as tall as your father by now.”“Really?”“Yes! Now go sit! A growing boy like you needs a home cooked meal once in a while.”He grins as he goes to his seat and starts eating. The food isn’t that good. His mother is only a mediocre cook at best but he loves her food. He chews happily and she sits down with her own food and smiles at him. “When’d you get back?” Sero asks.“Just about an hour ago.”“You didn’t need to rush over.”“I wanted to see you as soon as possible!” She chirps with a big grin.“Thanks mom, this is awesome. I owe you one.”“Don’t thank me. Your father and I should be more involved in your life to begin with. This is the least I can do and-” She pauses and nudges her food around. “I’m considering maybe taking some time off to stay at home until you head to college.”“Really? Is that what you want to do?”“Yes.” Her tone is loving and serious. “I would like that.”“You’re not doing it because-”“Hanta, I want to see you more. I don’t want to just see you when you’re struggling. I want to see you when you’re happy and excited for new things. I don’t know what college you’re considering. I could help you with that stuff but your father and I haven’t been contributing as much as we could...as we should.” With her fork she picks up a piece of her pancake and waves it as she speaks. “You don’t mind having me around more do you?”“Of course not, you’re chill.” Sero answers and they both laugh before going back to eating.His heart felt lighter after that, it would be nice to come home to his mother from now on. It’s something he hasn’t had for a long time so he’ll really indulge himself as much as he can. He finishes his food, puts the dish in the sink and heads to school, he see’s Mina and they talk a bit. She’s a little worse for ware but he lets her know his mom is in town and she’s going to be staying. She’s happy for him but the stress she’s going through makes it hard for her to truly look happy for him. He doesn’t blame her.It’s the middle of class though when they get the text from Kaminari and he whips his head around to see if Mina got it and she did and was already texting back with tears in her eyes. They don’t get a reply but at least they know he’s alive and somewhat safe even if they don’t know the details. After school they go back to Sero’s place to relax and Mina cuddles up at his side just emotionally wrecked for the day. Her parent’s come over and they all make dinner together for the night.                                                                                                                                               [----]The next day after they’re sure the storm has passed Kaminari is eager to get to the library. He’s holding Eri’s hand as they try to trudge through the snow, he slips a few times but eventually they get inside and find a desk. He turns on his phone and it connects right away to the wifi. He breathes deeply as he waits for any messages and gets a couple from Sero and Mina. He really has to call them and talk to them soon. He see’s he has one text from Bakugo that he sent this morning.[Bakugo] oh my way over to kick your ass. Give me an address. be there and maybe i’ll go easy on you.Kaminari snorts and see’s it’s been over 2 hours since the text was sent. With a sigh he replies with the libraries address and prayer hands emoji. He then walks over to Eri and sits next to her.“Hey Eri…”“Mhm?”“A friend of mine is coming over to say hi in a bit.”“A friend?”“Yeah, he’s a loud guy so don’t be scared. He’s all bark I promise. He bullies me a little but he and I are really close.”“A bully isn’t a friend!” She rebutts quickly and Kaminari smiles and shakes his head.“He’s a friend, he’s just bad at sharing how he feels. You know how Shouta doesn’t express himself really well? Well, Bakugo is like that too and he tries to act extra tough because he’s protecting himself. It’s all an act, he’s really caring. He’s even driving for hours on end just to see me…” He trails off, his cheeks getting warm and his stomach doing flips. “You love him.”Kaminari jolts and stares at her in disbelief. “I uhh- I don’t know about that. I mean he’s an attractive guy...a really attractive guy but like I don’t know him too well.”“You know that he acts tough when he’s not...you can’t figure that out easily!”“G-Geez, you’re too smart. Well even if I did have those feelings for him it doesn’t matter. He doesn’t want a relationship with me.”“Why?”“Because I’m a guy…”“So?”Kaminari pauses and takes a deep breath. “It’ll make people unhappy and ruin his life.”“Why?”Kaminari rolled his eyes and felt his patiences growing thinner by the second. “Because…”“Because why?”“Because being gay and in a relationship like that causes problems. It gets in the way of living a good life…”“But you’d be together. Isn’t that a good life?”“Well, I’m not sure he wants to be with me. I’m not good enough to be worth ruining his life over.”“I think you would be and he’s driving from far away right? You’re something to him. I’ll watch him closely. I can tell when people are in love!” Eri says with a grin and Kaminari lets out a deep breath and smiles.“Really?”“Yeah, I’m great, I haven’t failed yet.”“You’re amazing.” He laughs and picks up the book he was reading before the storm hits and gets back to where he left off. He’s reading for the next hour and a half when he gets another text from Bakugo.[Bakugo] Be there in 10 minutes. Wait outside.[Kaminari] you shouldn’t text and drive.It was mark as read but Bakugo didn’t answer and Kaminari told Eri to stay put while he goes to meet his friend. He leaves the library and waits near the sidewalk, it’s covered in snow but the sun is out now and it’s not horribly cold. He see’s a car pull up and stop abruptly. It’s Bakugo. With a scowl Bakugo gets out of the car, he slams the car door shut and then without a word he tackles Kaminari into the ground. He gives him a solid punch and grabs him by the collar.“What the fuck were you thinking asshole!?”“S-Shit that hurt.” Kaminari rubbed his cheek and looked up at Bakugo. “You weren’t lying-”“Answer my question!”“Bakugo I told you...I only caused trouble but I know now running away was the wrong thing to do. I only hurt them more and I regret it!” He grabs Bakugo’s wrist and smiles up at him with glassy eyes. “I want to apologize to them soon. I’m sorry for worrying you too.”“Kami, you’re a disaster.” Bakugo seethes and pulls Kaminari in roughly to slam his lips against his. Kaminari’s eyes widen but he eagerly melts into the kiss and wraps his arms around Bakugo’s neck to hold him close. Their lips meld together, their tongues slip against each other eagerly and Kaminari can’t help but groan. He doesn’t deserve to feel such happiness but this just makes his day over and over. He loves Bakugo, this must be what love is.When Bakugo pulls away he’s pouting and Kaminari finds it oddly adorable, he smiles at him then hugs him tight and lets out a shaky breath. “Thank you for coming to me. I don’t know how I can repay you.”“Just listen to me.” Bakugo’s tone is soft and Kaminari can only nod. “I’ll listen…”“About damn time.” With a sigh Bakugo gets up, he extends his hand and Kaminari takes it appreciatively as he stands back up. Bakugo looks him up and down for a second before sneering and pushing Kaminari roughly so he falls back down on his ass in the snow. Bakugo turns and stomps up the walkway and goes inside the library. Kaminari watches after him for a few moments and takes a deep breath, he sits there collecting himself for a minute before getting back up and going inside. He looks to where Eri is and is glad to see Bakugo sitting next to her, she must have been spying on them and then pulled Bakugo to their table. Kaminari shook off some of the snow and headed over with a small smile. He sits down across from them. “I see you guys met.”“Yeah, your loud boyfriend walked in and scared the librarian!”“H-He’s not my boyfriend, Eri.”Bakugo growls and glares Kaminari down. “I drove almost 4 hours on snow covered roads, the amount of assholes I had to fucking drive around so they wouldn’t hit me is more times than I can fucking count! You made me fucking worry if you were alive and now you’re spouting such bullshit?”“I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to do all that and I can’t help people don’t know how to drive in the snow!” He pauses and looks to Eri then looks back to Bakugo. “Besides, it’s true. We’re not going out. You made sure of that.”Bakugo’s vein in his forehead was throbbing and he reached over, grabbing Kaminari by the collar and pulled him closer at a painfully slow rate. “Well, now I’m telling you I’m your boyfriend and as your boyfriend you’re going to be listening to me.”Kaminari was thrown for a loop he wasn’t sure what he was hearing and it was taking him a long time to sink in. “W-Wah?”“I am your boyfriend, idiot.”“But...but...you know I’m a fuck up!”“Yeah, I know but you’re mine and I’m going to make you get out of this hole you dug yourself in.” Bakugo snaps and finally lets Kaminari go and leans back into the chair. “This feels more like a threat than a confession.”“Shut up.”Kaminari smiles and he reaches over to take Bakuog’s hand in his, Bakugo stares at their joined hands and lets Kaminari hold his hand. Eri who was pretending to read glances over with a smile. “That’s love.” She says slyly and Kaminari jolts and pulls his hand away.“Eri!”She giggles and shushes him for being so loud and Kaminari shrinks back into his seat. He’s not sure where to set his eyes, he looks to Eri, to the books, to Bakugo then he gets out his phone but he keeps glancing around. He wants to tell Sero and Mina but he knows he’s got a few other important things he needs to talk to them about first. When they’re done at the library the three walk outside and Kaminari goes to Bakugo’s car and looks to Eri. She pauses and looks uncertain, Bakugo has not been mean to her but he’s still a stranger and she doesn’t seem comfortable getting in his car. Kaminari kneels down in front of her and pats her head. “I’ll walk you back, okay? Then I’m going to go see my friends. I have to apologize to them.”She nods and then hugs him tight. “You’re not going to leave are you?”“No, no I’m going to come back. I promise.” She lets go and he smiles at her before standing up and offering her his hand. She takes it and the two look to Bakugo. “I’m going to walk her home.”Eri holds out her other hand to Bakugo who looks at them both with a scrutinizing gaze before getting his keys out to make sure the car is locked. Once it’s secure he walks over and takes her other hand and the three walk towards the rundown side of town. Bakugo is looking at the area with a stern gaze but says nothing and once they get to the fence around the abandoned building Eri lets go of their hands and sneaks through the fence. The two boys wave goodbye to her then slowly leave the area.“That’s where you’ve been?”“Mhm.”“Even during the storm?”“Yeah.”Kaminari didn’t look but he could hear Bakugo inhaling deeply and likely trying to keep himself from yelling. Kaminari reaches over and takes his hand and squeezes gently. “The people there are really nice, they took care of me. We had coats and blankets...actually this coat I have now is theirs. It’s clean...they’re not dirty or anything and had food. We all contribute to make clean water, cook food and we get hot water to kind of sponge bath.”“Fuck…” Bakugo whispers and squeezes Kaminari’s hand hard. They go to his car and Bakugo gets in drivers seat and starts it up to get the heater going. Kaminari sits in the passenger seat and looks to Bakugo. “Hey-”“You know…” Bakugo starts and squeezes the steering wheel. “I missed school for this, I’m gonna miss a game for this too.”Kaminari paled and looked away.“And that’s fine.” Bakugo adds a few seconds later. “I don’t give a shit, it’s surprising even to me that I don’t feel a damn thing about it. Missing school and a game is nothing compared to having to worry if you were fucking alive.”“Bakugo…”Bakugo closes his eyes tightly. “I have perfect grades, I’m a star athlete with scholarships to a lot of big name colleges. Missing a couple days isn’t going to ruin that but even if it would...I’d still be here.” And that was terrifying to him. He remembers this morning as he goes to his mom and tells her he needs to borrow the car. They have two so it’s not like they’ll be left without one but she’s still quirking an eyebrow at him for suddenly asking.He has to explain what’s going on but he does his best to go around any hints of him having feelings. She knew, it was obvious on her smug face. She pet his head gently. “Go get’em tiger.” She winked at him and he hurried to the car to get away from her and get his boy.“Bakugo…” Kaminari says again and he reaches to take his hand. “I’m such a huge fuck up. Don’t mess up your life for me.”“I’m not going to mess up my life and you’re going to get yours together.” Bakugo snaps and squeezes Kaminari’s hand before he tugs him forward to kiss him. He takes his hand back and decides to start driving now since they can’t sit there all day. They go to Sero’s place but it’s still during school hours so they knock at the door when they get there.“Sero told me his mom should be home. She’s expecting us.” Bakugo explains.They waited a few seconds and suddenly a woman with a smile that was just like Sero’s greeted them. She had long black hair but had these lovely grey eyes. She greets Bakugo since this is the first time they’ve met but she has heard plenty about him. She smiles at Kaminari and pulls him in for a hug as well. He hugs her back and then pulls away looking uncomfortable. “I’m sorry for causing you and Sero so much trouble. He’s an amazing guy.” He says shyly and she smiles proudly.“He’s a sweetheart that’s for sure. You gave him some trouble but I know you’ll both grow from this. He’s going to be happy to see you.” She says softly and walks off to the kitchen. The boys go to the living room and plop down on the couch, Kaminari lets out a sigh of relief and cuddles into Bakugo’s side.“Thank you.”



Game Plan
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




The minute the door opened Kaminari shot up from where he was sitting and stared tensely at his two best friends. There was a tense few seconds of staring between Mina and Kaminari before the two rushed over and hugged each other with tears in their eyes. “I’m sorry! I’m so sorry Kami!” Mina wails.Kaminari shakes his head. “No, it’s all my fault! I shouldn’t have been such a pain!”“You’re not a pain! I just blamed it all on you because I was stressed. It’s not your fault!”“It is my fault though and I worried you guys! I’m so sorry!” He cries out and the two squeeze each other and sniffle loudly for a few more minutes before Kaminari detaches himself to cling to Sero. “I’m sorry Sero! I was selfish and horrible! I’m so so so sorry!”Sero sighs and he’s a bit teary eyed as well as he hugs Kaminari. “I missed you man, I was damn worried. I got some grey hairs from that for sure.”“You don’t look it.” Kaminari says with a smile and sniffles. “You still look like a stud!”Sero snorts and ruffles Kaminari’s hair roughly. “Don’t try sucking up now.”“I’m not sucking up! I mean it!”Mina jumps back in and the three commence an emotional group hug. A string of apologies from Mina and Kaminari who were telling each other not to apologize then apologizing again is all that can be heard. Bakugo watched from the couch but let them have their privacy. He texted Kirishima he was with them and they were all good now.[Bakugo] I made him my boyfriend[Kirishima] Dude! REALLY!? THAT IS AWESOME!!![Bakugo] Someone has to beat some sense into him so i guess i’ll do it.[Kirishima] that’s not really what a boyfriend is for but I know you do it out of love![Bakugo] shut up, go focus on getting the meat head to like you back[Kirishima] Im trying dude. I swear![Bakugo] just go up to him and tell him you’re going out. It’s really that simple.[Kirishima] no it’s not at all! Lolol bakubro cmon[Bakugo] Chicken. I’m going so i’ll talk to you later.[Kirishima] kay! Have fun!With a sigh Bakugo pockets his phone and finally gets up. He tugs Kaminari’s hand and pulls him from the group hug. He looks to the other two with a stern gaze. “Just so you know I’m dating this loser now. I expect you guys to take better care of him when I’m away.”“Huh!? When did you start going out?” Mina exclaims with a gaping mouth.“Today.”“After he punched me.” Kaminari laughs a bit but he’s blushing hard and gives Bakugo’s hand a squeeze.“That seems abusive.” Sero comments idly but given the circumstances with how everyone was worried and Bakugo was likely on edge that kind of reaction is expected. “I guess we’ll let you date him as long as you don’t punch him again.”“If he runs away again I’m going to find him and punch him.” Bakugo snaps.“That makes sense.” Mina says with a nod and Kaminari whines.“I learned my lesson! I won’t just run away without saying anything!”“Where did you even go man?” Sero asks and Kaminari pauses for a moment.“I uhh-- found these homeless people living in an abandoned building. We all worked together to make a happy little home.” “You were living in an abandoned building!?” Mina shrieks with a look of disgust on her face.“Yeah, but it was clean, they were really good with stuff like that. They’re really awesome people. I plan on going back there...there’s this little girl named Eri and we’d go to the playground and the library together. I felt like her big brother.”“You want to stay with them?” Sero asks.“Kinda, I was really happy I could contribute someway.”“Kami, with everything you’ve been through you know we don’t expect you to work to stay here.” Sero says gently. “I know but I just want to. I want to feel like I’m doing something to help. You guys are important to me.” His eyes start tearing up again and he laughs softly. “I just want to feel like I’m doing something.”Bakugo sighs and looks to the kitchen where he can smell food cooking. “Lets eat then we’ll talk. I’ve got a plan so calm down.”Emotions were too high right now, they needed to relax and get some food in them and rest. Bakugo was emotionally wrecked as well and they all just needed to sit down and distract themselves from the situation. He hates seeing Kaminari so distraught as well which is likely the biggest motivating factor for him.They all go sit down to eat and Bakugo keeps his comments on the cooking to himself. He could have done a better job but it was decent and he wasn’t about to piss off Sero’s mother. He knows who he can be rude to and contrary to popular belief he does try to be respectful to adults. Once they’re done eating they head to the couch and Bakugo tugs Sero back. “You got a laptop?”“Uhh, yeah?”“Bring it here with paper and pen.”“Okay, what’s going on?”“Just do it and I’ll explain everything.”Bakugo sat down next to Kaminari and when Sero arrived with the requested material he took the pen and paper in hand and put the laptop on the coffee table. Bakugo opened the laptop got the screen up and started typing. Kaminari waited patiently for him to explain and Bakugo began to write on the paper a bit.“Okay, here is what you need to do.” Bakugo says to Kaminari specifically. “Here’s the site that has all the practice quizzes you will ever need for the GED exam.” He writes the name of the site down. “Next, here is when you’ll be able to take the exam.” He writes the dates down as well. “I’m not...I’m not good at studying.” Kaminari says quietly.“That’s why you got these losers.” Bakugo says gesturing towards Mina and Sero.“Hey!” The two said but yeah they’d do their best to help him. Bakugo then brings up the college he’s applying to and then the community college’s around it. “You’ll apply to these three.”“But, I don’t even know what I want to study! I don’t have anything I’m good at! I’m just going to get a job as some waiter or something!” Bakugo grits his teeth and grabs Kaminari’s head and shoves him close to his side. “Calm down idiot. You’ll find something you like. You’re not going to be some damn waiter for the rest of your life. I won’t let you.”“Kami, you love reading right? You did really good in literature. You’re also an amazing artist!” Mina says and pats his shoulder.“I can’t get a job with those things…” he says gently.“Yes, you can dude! If you like them and practice there’s a few jobs you could get!”“But, I’m not good enough in art to be an artist people would want and how is reading going to get me a job?”“With practice you’ll become a great artist! Your doodles are really amazing and you don’t even take any art classes!” Mina adds with a bright smile and Kaminari smiles back shylyl.“Let me see.” Bakugo says sternly. “His art? Sure!” Mina jumps off the couch before Kaminari can stop her and she runs to Sero’s room where Kaminari has a notebook full of sketches and some school notes. She hurries back and hands it to Bakugo who begins to look through Kaminari’s notebook. Kaminari blushes realizing that the notebook has not only sketches in it but there might be some stupidly romantic stuff about Bakugo in there as well.“Wait! Give it back! You saw enough!” He reaches for it but Bakugo pulls away and pushes Kaminari’s head back so he can continue to look at the page he’s on. “Bakugo is so hot…” Bakugo begins to read on the page that definitely has a sketch of him on it. A very nicely done profile image of him and then a drawing of his torso. “I want to lick his abs so bad.”Kaminari screeches and jumps forward to grab the notebook and Bakugo lets him take it with a satisfied smirk. Sero and Mina are trying not to laugh out loud but they’re obviously shaking trying to hold it in. Kaminari is beat red and he tears the page out of the notebook and crumples it up.“Hey, give it to me.” Bakugo says with a laugh snort.“No way! I’m burning it!”“I’ll let you lick my abs if you give it to me.” Bakugo says with a leering grin and it’s obvious that Kaminari is thinking it over now.“Dude, my mom’s here.” Sero says with the shake of his head.“Stop flirting in front of us single pringles!” Mina adds with a pout and the two look over to them. Kaminari smiles apologetically at them and since he’s distracted Bakugo takes the crumpled up paper out of his hand and shoves it in his own pants pocket. He clears his throat and motions backs to the computer screen as he ignores Kaminari’s please. “Anyways, any community college has literature courses and art courses you can start with. You’ll be near me so I’ll tutor you for your regular classes. You’ll figure it out eventually so don’t worry about it.”Kaminari’s lips quiver and he’s not sure what to say, he’s happy but he’s also very scared and nervous. This isn’t the normal course of things, school never told him this was an option and everyone always made dropping out sound like he’d be stuck serving fast food for the rest of his life. He didn’t know he had options and that there was some hope, it was scary and overwhelming to say the least. “I might fail.” He whispers sadly.“Maybe, but that’s fine. It’s okay if you fail.” Emphasis on you. Bakugo usually detested failure no matter if it was from himself or others but Kaminari was different. Kaminari was trying his best in his own way and had his own issues to deal with so Bakugo was willing to look past his failures for the person he is. Which is a good loving idiot. “Your art is pretty good without having any classes for it.” Which meant he had some natural talent.“Some people draw things online and do commission and stuff. If you’re popular you can make a lot of money!”“Those people have like tablets to draw and special computer programs. I can’t really afford that.”“Don’t think about that too much, just focus on the exam.”Kaminari inhales deeply and he slumps back on the couch and covers his face. It’s a lot of stress just considering taking an exam that could make or break the rest of his life or at least it felt like that. “I guess...I could ask Aizawa for some tutoring too.” He was a teacher after all.“Aizawa?”“Wait, do you mean that teacher that beat that guy?” Mina asks and looks at him wide eyed, the two others stare at Kaminari as well as realization dawns on them. Most people have heard of the story of a young man from a influential family beat by teacher. The name Aizawa was everywhere for a good couple weeks so their minds went to that man but they hoped that it was a different guy with the same name..“Yeah, that guy.” Kaminari said nonchalantly.“You were living with that maniac!?” Mina shrieks and Kaminari slaps his hand over her mouth. He glances over to the kitchen and then motions for them to stay quiet before getting up. He has them follow him to Sero’s room and they all sit on the bed.“Okay, so I met him in this alleyway and we chilled for the night out there-”“Kami, what the fuck?” Sero interrupts in surprise and Kaminari shushes him.“He showed me where he lived in this abandoned building-”“Holy shit.” Mina whispers and Kaminari aggressively shushes her since everyone keeps interrupting him. He did have to admit it sounded like a bad horror story.“He lives with these other homeless people. They’re like a little family. They took care of me and while I was there I was able to contribute and be part of it. Anyways, I did eventually talk to him about his past. There’s this little girl named Eri- you met her.” He looked to Bakugo who nodded at the memory. “She was adopted into the family that dude he beat up was in. He was abusing her and Aizawa caught him hurting her and that’s when he beat the shit out of the guy. He was protecting her but the media painted him like the villain because the family is like super rich.”“Really? That’s messed up.” Mina murmurs to herself.“I can see that happening though.” Sero adds and folds his arms across his chest. “Corruption has been getting out of hand lately.”“Yeah, he’s actually a really nice guy. They all are.”“Well, he is a teacher and he would know how to tutor you better than Mina and I would. Not like we don’t want to but we aren’t much better at school work than you are.”“Shit, you guys are dumb as bricks too?” Bakugo asks with a huff and rolls his eyes back. The three glare at him and decide to just ignore him as punishment.“I’ll go study at the library with Eri and see if he’ll come tutor me some time.”“That’s a good idea!” Mina says cheerfully and gives him a hug, he hugs her back and then they remember how much they missed each other and just hug tighter and tighter. Sero chuckles at them and lays back on his bed with a sigh, there’s bags under his eyes from the stress and not being able to sleep and now he feels he can finally relax. Bakugo was in the same boat he was, he would never tell anyone, especially Kaminari but he was anxious the day Kaminari didn’t text him. When midnight hit and he hadn’t received a goodnight text from the other or even a stupid meme he felt like he was going to bed hollow. He didn’t know at the time what was going on, he could only assume Kaminari was too busy or didn’t want to try and keep talking to him since he’s such an asshole. Bakugo rationalized he was moving on and he should be relieved but he wasn’t.The next day was long and aggravating, Kirishima was decent to be around as he always is but every girl that tried to flirt with him and dude bro that tried to talk him up as some pussy magnet got him close to throwing hands. He wanted to punch every one of those idiots in the face but he didn’t because someone would ask why the hell he’s so pissed and he’d have to come to the conclusion he misses Kaminari.The day after was even worse, some girl tried to corner him under the bleachers and suck him off. He pushed her back and stomped away, he didn’t want her touching him since he couldn’t even get hard if he wanted to. He was too prideful to text first so he just let the silence fill the gap between them, he didn’t talk to Kirishima about it or text anyone that he hadn’t heard from Kaminari. He was under the assumption nothing bad had happened but Kaminari had just got over him.When he finally got that text from Kirishima he knew something was wrong and he had to get answers right away. It’s a little embarrassing but he was relieved to an extent that Kaminari wasn’t ignoring him he just wasn’t able to text. Of course once that sense of relief was done he had a whole mess of other emotions washing over him. Where was Kaminari? Was he okay? Why wasn’t he with someone? Did he get hurt? Did his parents get to him? What’s going on? One thought prevailed. “I need to see him.”That was Bakugo’s driving force and he’s not an idiot. He knows what that means, he knows what his feelings are and that Kaminari might be a mess but he’s going to be his mess. He’s in love with the idiot and he’s not sure how far that love stems but it’s enough to ruin his mood if the other doesn’t text him for a day and put him into a panic if he’s missing. Things would be difficult but he was going to have Kaminari close to him from now on, he’s not going to let the idiot just run off any more.With a sigh he lays back on Sero’s bed and closes his eyes, the two idiots at the end of the bed are just cuddling each other so he there’s not much he can do. It was a long drive so he needs a nap and finds himself slowly falling asleep.



Chapter End Notes
im sick lolI got a cold/flu idk but writing is harder since it hurts my eyes and head to look at the screen. chapters will come out a bit slower for a while.Next chapter Kaminari has to persuade Aizawa to tutor him.Thank you guys for comments and kudos!


Going on the Right Path



Bakugo awoke hours later with Kaminari pressed to his side, Kaminari’s head rested on his chest and his arm and leg swung over him. He stared down at the other then glanced over to the side to see Mina and Sero also passed out on the bed all spooning together so they could fit. It was comforting, he reached a hand over and began to run his fingers through Kaminari’s hair, after a few runs Kaminari twitches and leans into the touch. It’s cute and Bakugo feels like this tightening in his chest is a sign this is all worth it. This is quite nice and Bakugo would like for this to be his everyday life but he knows they’re a long ways away from that. He eventually detaches himself and gets up to stretch his aching body. He goes downstairs, Sero’s mother is watching tv and he goes to the kitchen to get some water. He decides since he’s here that he’ll make dinner for tonight and without bothering to ask he gets to cooking. Sero’s mother comes in moments later and reels back in shock at the sight of the kitchen with food perfectly chopped on the counter and a pan with butter and onions sizzling. She’s happy to help but Bakugo says that it’s a hobby so he’d be fine if she just left him to it. She agrees easily, her attitude seems pretty relaxed and Bakugo can only assume that’s where Sero gets his from.The three come down minutes later and Kaminari latches onto Bakugo from behind. “Mn, what’s cookin good lookin?”“Dinner. I can’t cook like this. It’s dangerous dumbass, go sit down.”Kaminari hugs him tighter and kisses his neck gently. “I’m sure you can do it.”“You’re gonna get burned!” He snaps with a huff and turns slightly and gives the other a kiss before shoving him off. Kaminari stumbles back a few steps but he’s smiling cheekily. “Burned by the fire of my love for you.”“Jesus...go before I kick your ass for that!”Kaminari laughs and Bakugo rolls his eyes with a smile before turning back to the food. He does need to concentrate so the food doesn’t get burned. Kaminari joins his friends on the couch and they all wait for dinner to be done as they watch tv with Sero’s mother. They talk a bit, mostly about the show and what Sero’s parents have been doing and where they’ve traveled. It relieved Kaminari to know Sero would have his mom around to help him because there was no denying that Sero has been doing everything on his own for too long.Once dinner is ready they eagerly go sit down to eat and everyone is awed by Bakugo’s cooking powers all over again. He’s really a beast at everything he does and cooking is no exception, it’s amazing. Kaminari volunteers to clean up afterwards since dishes were his specialty and it’s the least he can do for them.As the night comes to a close Kaminari’s mind drifts back to the homeless family he made and can only hope they’re okay. He misses them dearly but he’s glad to be back with Sero and Mina as well. He’ll see them tomorrow so it won’t be like they’re separated forever to never see each other again. Bakugo takes Kaminari’s hand, leads him to the couch and with a few blankets and pillows they cuddle up together, Kaminari is partially laying over Bakugo but it doesn’t seem to be as uncomfortable as one might think. Bakugo seems indifferent to the situation and slings and arm around Kaminari and uses the other arm to pull the blanket over them. Tomorrow Bakugo will return home so he supposed it’d be okay to indulge in extra cuddles. Kaminari is safe in his arms, he knows the other is a stressed out mess but they’re going to fix this together. Kaminari might go through some tough times but there’s nothing tough love from one Bakugo Katsuki can’t fix.Kaminari leans up to kiss him and whispers a thank you against his lips which Bakugo grunts in reply. “Get to sleep.” Kaminari smiles up at him before nodding his head and taking a deep breath as he closes his eyes to relax.                                                                                                                                       [----]The next morning Kaminari is surprised to see he’s up before Bakugo is. He stares at him for a bit since the other’s sleeping face is a rare treat for him. He wishes he can see it always but he knows Bakugo will be leaving back for his home today and it’ll be a long time before they’ll see each other in person. Likely spring break if they’re lucky.Kaminari gently traces the others jaw, pokes his cheek and tickles under his nose until Bakugo swats it away and his eyebrow knit together when his usual scowl returns. Kaminari laughs quietly and finally gets up off the other but takes the blanket with him as he goes to the kitchen for some water. Sero’s mother is there in the kitchen making up some pancakes and they both give each other a good morning. Kaminari hugs her and she smiles happily at the gesture before returning to her cooking. She seems inspired from last night to do a little better when it comes to cooking but it’s unlikely it’ll taste any better than her usual stuff. Kaminari heads back to the living room with his water, he took a few gulps before putting it down on the coffee table. He notices Bakugo was sitting up now and glaring at him, he gave Bakugo a smile and sat next to him.“Thanks for taking the blanket, asshole.” Bakugo hisses out under his breath.“Hehe, my bad. Well, it’s here and I’m here now so just cuddle with me.” Kaminari whispers as he opens up his cocoon for Bakugo who snorts at the suggestion. He’s not the type to lean in and cuddle against someone’s side so he pulls Kaminari over to him so they can be close and share the blanket as they wait for breakfast. Kaminari smiles and rests his head on Bakugo’s shoulder for a moment as they watch the news on tv. There’s no storms coming so everything should be good for Bakugo’s return home.“Are you going to go back today?” Kaminari asks already knowing the answer.“Mhm.” He nods which earns a sigh from Kaminari who holds onto him tighter.“I’m gonna miss you but we’re gonna shoot for coming to see you play during spring break.”“You better come watch me.”“I want to!” Kaminari grins. “But it’s crazy when we first talked about it I never thought I’d be going to see you for your game as your boyfriend but how things change~”“Oh god, you’re such a sap.”“I won’t make a big deal or anything. I promise! As tempting as coming to your game with a shirt that say’s Bakugo’s boyfriend I think I want to live just a little longer.”Bakugo rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “They’ll think you’re crazy that’s for sure. I’ll have to pretend I don’t know you and say you’re probably just some stalker.”“So mean!”“Heh, but you don’t have to worry about hiding when you stay over.”“Huh? Whatcha mean?”“You’re staying over at my place for the night, idiot. Where else will you go?”“Sero said Todoroki-”“You are not staying with him!”“But your parents!”“They know!”“Huh?”Bakugo sighs and wraps his arm securely around Kaminari. “They know about my sexuality. My mom was always giving me a hard time for stupid shit and I assumed it’s because she wanted me to date a nice girl and stop fooling around but I guess she figured it out.”“Wow, really? That’s awesome! That’s amazing!” Kaminari beams with utmost happiness. “So wait- I’m gonna meet your parents as your boyfriend or do you still want to-”“Yeah, I’ll introduce you to them as my boyfriend.” Bakugo stares hard at the tv and Kaminari watches his expression and notices the faintest tint of blush on his cheeks. He smirks and leans in close to his ear.“Shall, I expect a proposal at the game?”Bakugo’s expression harders and he shoves Kaminari away who gladly falls back against the couch with a chorus of laughter. Bakugo takes the pillows and starts beating him with it. “What are you an idiot!? Don’t expect shit! You’ll get to see me win and that’s going to be good enough!”“Pffft- okay okay! It will be nice to see you win! I can’t wait!” He puts his hands up to guard against the attack and once Bakugo deems Kaminari properly beaten he stops and grabs Kaminari’s wrists so he can pull them away from the smaller blond’s face. He leans in and gives him a kiss which Kaminari instantly kisses back with a grin.It’s short lived but they pull away and settle back down on the couch until everyone is up and they’re called to the kitchen table to eat.                                                                                                                                       [----]Bakugo makes sure to show Kaminari the plan and all the steps he needs to take to get there before he has to go. Kaminari nods and although Bakugo has gone through a lot of trouble Kaminari still has to be the one to put the work in. He doesn’t know what he wants from life or what he wants to do when he grows up but he’s going to keep moving forward.His first step is to convince Aizawa to tutor him, Bakugo drives Kaminari back into town and they park in front of the library they met at yesterday. They get out and Kaminari hurries to hug him and kiss him ever so lovingly and gently.“I’ll text you.”“Good.”“Text me when you get home safe, okay?”“What are you my mom?”“I’m your boyfriend.” Kaminari says with a smirk.Bakugo smirks back and kisses him again. “Fine. Just remember if you need help to ask the losers or you can call me. I’m not sure how much I can tutor you over the phone but we can try it if you need it.”“I’ll consider it but I think Aizawa will help me out!”Bakugo liked that optimism but won’t admit to it so he nods and finally gets back in the car. Kaminari waved goodbye and watched as the other finally drove off to make the long drive back home. He stood there in the cold air for a bit before sighing and making his way over to the abandoned building, there he saw Aizawa boiling the water and Kaminari smiled as he walked over beside him and started to help him without a word. The two work quietly as they get all the cups full of hot water for everyone. Eri squeals in delight upon seeing him and hugs him tight, he does his best not to spill the water and he puts it down to hug her properly. He pats her head as she asks him a million questions and he can only laugh. He looks to Aizawa who is waiting for some kind of answer as well. Kaminari sighs and looks to him with a smile, a smile that says he wants something.“Hey uhh...my boyfriend and friends got my head on straight finally and we decided on an attack plan.”“What’s that then?”“I’m going to take this exam that community college’s will take instead of a high school diploma.”“Oh yeah.” Aizawa murmurs in recognition.“So I need to study for it and I need help studying so I was wondering if you...since you’re a teacher and all and a smart guy that maybe you’d tutor me!”“Tutor you?” He grimaced sense that seemed like a lot of time and energy he’d have to put in.“I’d help out around here and I’ll get a part time job so I can get you guys some stuff and extra food!”Aizawa puts his pinky in his ear and scratches it for a second. “And what about your friends?”“Well, I’m still close friends with them and I’ll go back to them. I’m not sure if I’ll go back every night but it depends on if I can convince you to tutor me.”“You know I would need to tutor you in the library some of the time but they won’t let a guy like me in.”“Huh?” Kaminari tilts his head confused. “Oh dude! You just need to get cleaned up a little bit! Don’t wear so many scarves and they’ll let you in! You’re actually a handsome guy!”Aizawa blinks and feels at his scarves. He likes his scarves.“He’s right! You’re a stud!” Mic yells excitedly before taking a sip of his drink.“Oh let me help~ I’ll make you look so good~” Midnight adds with a wink.Aizawa looks over to them surprised and confused. “What do you mean?”“A makeover!” Everyone seems to yell in unison and Aizawa flinches at the sound.“I don’t-” Before he can speak everyone is up and pushing him to the bathroom. With the window letting in sunlight and a few candles lit they push him in front of the mirror. They get a razor from Midnight’s stash of goodies, it’s brand new and with some shaving cream she gets to work on his face. She doesn’t shave him too close, just enough to make him look clean and get everything all squared away nicely. Mic is brushing his hair out and Eri offers one of her cat clips she’s so fond of to put Aizawa’s hair back. They remove all his scarves which leaves him feeling rather naked and get him a different coat that doesn’t have any holes in it. They give him back one of his scarves and with a sigh he looks back in the mirror. He feels at his jaw where there’s that 5 o’clock shadow going on and glances at his hair.To be honest, he looks like how he did before he got fired and shunned except now he has a cat clip in his hair which makes the look complete. He glances to the group who are smiling at him excitedly.“There’s no way anyone will deny you now~” Midnight says with a sultry little smile. “I wouldn’t~” She leans in to wrap her arms around him but Mic pulls her back.“There’s children present!” Mic yells dramatically and Kaminari who was blushing covers Eri’s eyes.Aizawa sighs and pushes Midnight back so they can finally get out of the bathroom. Eri giggles as she free’s herself from Kaminari’s hands and runs after Aizawa to take his hand.“Come on, kid. You’ve got a lot of work to do.” Aizawa calls and Kaminari jolts before he hurriedly follows after them. Eri offers her other hand and Kaminari takes it as the three walk to the library together like a little family. Aizawa takes a deep breath before they enter and he makes eye contact with the woman at the front desk. Her eyes widen and he expects her to shrink away in fear or disgust but she blushes and looks away shyly only to glance back at him. He blinks a few times at that but doesn’t say anything as Eri pulls him along so they can find a table to sit at. “Dude, she was totally into you.”“You’d think she’d remember who I am.”“It’s been over a month now, no one remembers that stuff anymore.”“Sadly, you’re right.” It’s weird how people really do get over things like that so quickly and forget it all to go back to their normal lives as if it never happened. He sighs and gets up to go to one of the computers to look up the practice exams for the test and a few other bits of information.“You’ll need to pay for the copies.”“I’m going to pay for my own homework?” Kaminari asks as he looks at the worksheet on the screen that they need printed.Aizawa glares at him and Kaminari lets out a nervous laugh. “Just kidding. It’s all good.”He takes out his wallet and thankfully he has a few dollars on him so they can print out quite a few things if they need to. It’s not long until he’s got a fresh stack of papers that are warm to the touch and Aizawa off pulling down books to bring to the table. Eri has her selection beside her and she’s reading happily by herself. “Alright kid. Let’s get to work.”“It’s Kaminari…”“Shut up and get reading. We’ll do some refresher on science first.”



Back to it
Chapter Notes
mild sexual themes this chapterMore focused on Bakugo

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Everyday, he had to study everyday if he wanted to get good enough to even bother with the practice exams. Thankfully, something about one on one tutoring really helped him focus and he could get some work done at a reasonable pace. He did have a hard time focusing for long periods of time but Aizawa was apt to noticing and would give him time to have a break. He could go on his phone, text his friends and bother his boyfriend. He still smiles giddily when he looks at his phone and see’s the contact for Bakugo changed to Bae now. He had a boyfriend, a really caring and aggressive boyfriend and Kaminari couldn’t be happier. He really wanted to make Bakugo proud. He wanted to be able to get into those community college’s he pointed out and he really hoped that whatever school his friends picked would be nearby. Sero was interested in going to the community college for a year before transferring to a bigger college. Mina is looking to go straight to University but like most things in life nothing is for sure.After a week he gets a part time job at a coffee shop, it’s pretty difficult but he works about 5 hours 4 days out of the week. It gives him a little extra cash that he can save up as well as spoil Eri from time to time. He’s found out she has a love of apples and she really gets his doting older brother instincts going so he buys her apples constantly and little things his homeless family needs. Usually things like toothpaste, bath products and food.Mina and Sero visit him at work to hang out and sometimes come over to study with him at the public library, Aizawa doesn’t seem to mind tutoring them especially since Eri seems to like them a lot. Once in a while Kaminari will go back with them to stay at Sero’s place but he’s usually given homework to do and bring back the next day. It’s not a bad life and for the most part Kaminari can forget his parents, he’s got so many people in his life that mean so much more to him and of course he has a lot on his plate in terms of responsibilities he needs to focus on. It’s tough, some nights he feels like giving up because he’ll never make it but there’s always someone that pulls him back. His friends believing in him, Eri cheering for him, Bakugo waiting for him. How is he supposed to give up when there’s so many people who can see him succeeding? The pressure to succeed can be crippling but it’s not like they aren’t going out of their way to help him get there.[----]Bakugo’s return back home was met with too many questions, annoying and a pain in the ass but he reluctantly told his parents about seeing Kaminari. His mother raised a pale brow and it was obvious the wheels in her head were turning and analyzing the situation. “So, Kaminari huh?” She says as if figuring out how she likes the sound of the name on her tongue.“That’s his name.” Bakugo snaps.“Is he cute?” She asks nonchalantly. “Why the hell does it matter!?”“He’s not isn’t he!? I knew it!”“Oh shut up you old bag!”“What’d you call me!?” She reaches across the table and as per usual the two are ready to throw down as Masaru sits idly and nervously watches them.The two end up wrestling around until Mitsuki finally has Bakugo in a headlock. “Is he cute!?”“That’s none of your business! Ape woman!” Bakugo kicks his legs out to try and wiggle free of her grasp but it can be assumed Bakugo gets his strength from his mother because he’s not moving. “When are we going to meet him!? I need to know what to expect!”“You’ll never meet him! Dammit!” He slowly pries her arms off him and escapes her hold. They glare each other down.“So, it’s not serious then?” She asks with a sneer. “Just you playing around…”“I’m not playing with him.” He spits out. “Then invite him over sometime so I can meet him!” She demands.“H-Honey.” Masaru says pleadingly.“You’ll scare him off!” “How the hell would I scare him!?”“You’re damn crazy!”The two look ready to fight again so this time Masaru finally decides to get up and clear his throat which does nothing to get their attention. He eventually moves over and puts himself between them. “I think it would be nice if you had him over, Katsuki. We’ll have to be on our best behaviour. No yelling.” He says with a smile to the two who stare hard at him before glancing to each other. It’s quiet for a moment and everyone returns to their seats and Bakugo grits his teeth before finally speaking up.“During spring break I invited him to see me play. He’s going to be staying here.” He says without looking at his parents. He stabs his food and eats it quickly.“Thanks for asking for our approval.” Mitsuki replies sarcastically with a smile.“We’ll have to get the guest room ready. I guess I’ll cook something nice for after the game. I wonder...isn’t that the game against your rival school?”“Yeah, it’ll be a piece of cake though.”“Because you’ve got a boyfriend cheering for you now?” Mitsuki asks teasingly and Bakugo snaps his head up to glare at her.“No! Because I’m damn fucking good and I always win!”“Stop cussing!”The two go back to bickering and for the Bakugo household everything seems back to normal. To Bakugo himself it’s a bit different, the bickering is more playful in nature and he feels like everything is a bit more genuine. He’s able to speak freely at his home which he’s still unable to do at school aside with Kirishima.He got a lot of shit from his team for ditching their game for his random road trip. He didn’t care in the slightest, they lost because they suck without him and that’s not his problem. It’s theirs for sucking so bad.Of course everyone wanted to know where he went and why. Kirishima didn’t go with him and wasn’t answering anything people asked so the only way was to get Bakugo to fess up which was not something he would do. He was unbreakable but that didn’t stop people from speculating. Most people came to the conclusion that the only reason why Bakugo would suddenly up and leave during class to yell at someone on the phone then miss school and a game was for a girl. He must have a girlfriend in another city and a lot of people in school are guessing she’s pregnant and may have likely given birth and that’s why he left suddenly. Honestly, it’s almost funny how dumb teenagers can be and how thirsty for drama they are. He let them talk all they wanted, he seriously didn’t have the energy to yell at every single person who came up to ask. He was better off breaking into the principal’s office and making a school wide announcement for everyone to shut the fuck up.Despite these rumors some girls still came onto him but Bakugo is a loyal boyfriend and wasn’t about to pretend to be tempted for the sake of straight passing. Every time they’d ask him why since he used to be down before but he’s changed recently. When he walked away he would turn back a bit and glare at them while saying.“Thank god for that.” He’s glad he’s changed and he doesn’t have to pretend to be straight. He can’t come out right now, there’s still a lot he has to hold back for the sake of scholarships. He knows his coach is a homophobe and would start playing Bakugo less and less if he found out. If anything his coach is happy by the possibility he knocked a girl up and has a baby now. It’s insane.The only thing keeping him from losing his mind is Kirishima and watching the idiot try to get Tetsutetsu’s attention. They’re both idiots, dense and simple minded good natured guys. There’s an obvious connection though, they’re always looking at each other when they work out, they are talking with each other but there’s lingering glances that anyone with a pair of eyes and a few working brain cells could see as two hormonal teenagers thirsting for each other. It’s gross in that could they get a damn room kind of way.Bakugo sighs and finishes his last set of weights. He gets up and goes to his bag where he see’s he’s got a message from Kaminari. He goes to the treadmill to jog for a bit and answers his text.[Bakugo] What is it idiot?[Kaminari] Can’t you think of a nice nickname for me?[Bakugo] How does dunce face work?[Kaminari] That’s worse! My face is nice and handsome![Bakugo] Yeah whatever. Shouldn’t you be studying! [Kaminari] taking a break! I deserve it! I’ve been working hard! What are you up to?[Bakugo] I’m finishing up practice.[Kaminari] oh! Send me a pic of your abs! Lolol [Bakugo] why the hell would i do that?[Kaminari] so i can thirst after them??? Duh??? Geez, and i’m the stupid one?[Bakugo] what do i get in return?[Kaminari] my happy smiling face?[Bakugo] I need something better than that[Kaminari] what do you want me to do!? I don’t have abs! I’ve got like...maybe one and a half...if you squint in the right lighting.Bakugo sighs and gets off the treadmill, he’s warmed down enough for today and walks to the changing room. He thinks about what he could get in return and his mind goes to nudes, he’s gotten plenty of nudes in his life that he’s hated but a nude from Kaminari would be the one to break the curse. He’d finally get a nude that he’d keep and enjoy looking at but it seems a bit of an uneven trade.His phone dings and he looks at it. [Kaminari] Nudes? Bakugo licks his teeth and has to willfully keep his expression neutral before he answers.[Bakugo] yeah.The message is sent, it’s read and the three little dots come up and then they go away, then they come back. Bakugo snorts and goes to the mirror in the bathroom, it’s not too crowded so he lifts his shirt up and takes a selfie of his abs. Of course some of the guys catch him in the act.“Eeey! Taking pics for his baby mama!”“Fuck off dick for brains!”“Gotta remind her what she gave birth for!” Another adds. “I’m going to beat your asses, I swear!” He yells as he sends the pic to Kaminari and puts his phone away. He hurries to shower and get dressed, Kirishima joins him later with a bright smile on his face and Bakugo raises an eyebrow.“What’s got you in such a good mood?”“Well, a couple of reasons but for right now I’m just really excited about this...friend date Tetsutetsu and I are going to go on friday.”“Friend date?” Bakugo’s eyes are about to roll into the back of his head.“Yeah! We’re gonna go work out and then go to the movies.”“That’s just a date.”“With a friend.” Kirishima adds quickly which earns a hard squint.“So, I can come then?” Bakugo asks as he studies the others expression.“Oh sure dude! I mean if you want…” Kirishima rubs his neck but he’s smiling good naturedly. Bakugo sighs before giving Kirishima a shove so they can finally go to the parking lot and go home. “I’ll let you two enjoy your friend date…” He blanches at the term. “God, that’s so stupid.”Kirishima laughs as he starts his car and turns the radio on. “You’re not the only one gaining progress.”“Really? Sounds like you’re in the same spot you’ve always been with him.” He’s not convinced in the slightest since Kirishima seems adamant about using the term friend date.“I got him to refer to it as a date in a way! That’s a step in the right direction!”“God, you’re so sad Kirishima, I almost feel bad for you.” He glances to his phone to see a message from Kaminari, no picture attachment sadly.[Kaminari] wow, why r u so hot??? So unfair sdkfjnsdkjf[Kaminari] I’ll try to send a nude tonight. I’ll be at sero’s so i guess i’ll use the bathroom[Kaminari] it’d be weird to ask him to take it right? That’s weird?[Kaminari] I’ve never taken a nude before[Kaminari] nervous! But totally down!Bakugo shakes his head at the messages and honestly he’s nervous too just because he doesn’t know what to expect from Kaminari. He might get a prank instead or the other might follow through with the nude. Bakugo wonders if he should just call this off, he should just tell Kaminari to send him a selfie of a stupid face and be done with it but he’s curious to say the least. He decides to just wait and see what happens, if Kaminari truly doesn’t want to send him a nude then he won’t and Bakugo wont push itWhen he gets to Kirishima’s place they sit down to study which is more or less Bakugo tutoring Kirishima through their homework. Since they’ve been doing this so long it’s become a habit and Kirishima’s mother makes some pretty good food so that’s an added perk. Once they’re done eating and they help clean up it’s back to Kirishima’s room for some video games.Bakugo almost forgets about his conversation with Kaminari, he’s assuming the other won’t follow through but the moment he gets a text his hands are on his phone and he’s getting up to make sure Kirishima can’t see. Bakugo doesn’t care if he loses this round, he saw the image square in the notifications, it was too small to really make out what it was but he saw who was sending it and knew better than to stay where Kirishima could easily lean over and peek.He walks to the bathroom across from Kirishima’s room and unlocks his phone to see the image properly. He bites his lip at the image and shakes his head. It’s cute.Kaminari is standing with his back to the mirror, thankfully with the angle and size of the mirror his butt is in full view, he’s turned a bit and looking over his shoulder with a grin, his phone in one hand and holding up a peace sign with the other. It’s not a very scandalous selfie but one he definitely appreciates.[Bakugo] idk if that counts.[Kaminari] sero knocked on the door and i almost died so it counts![Bakugo] okay then. Thanks[Kaminari] that’s it?[Bakugo] ?[Kaminari] no “wow kami, you’re so gorgeous and hot”?[Bakugo] does that sound like something I would say?[Kaminari] well no but a change of pace wouldn’t be bad[Bakugo] do you really want to know what I think?[Kaminari] yes! What are the reviews™?[Bakugo] sure you can handle it?[Kaminari] i’m already crying but yesBakug licks his lips with a smirk and sense he’s in a good mood today he decides to humor the other and tease him a bit. He leans against the bathroom sink and begins typing maybe the longest message he’s ever sent.[Bakugo] here’s what I think. You’ve got a slim body, a nice ass and I’d love to be there, turn you around so you’re facing that mirror, bend you over and tease your hole until you’re a blushing mess. Which won’t take very long considering it’s you. I’ll make you watch the stupid faces you make as I stretch you then I’ll line my cock up and slowly push it in. That’ll be the only time I’m gentle because once I’m in I’ll just start fucking your brains out.Once it was sent there was a moment of silence as he waited for his reply back. Kaminari read it but seemed stuck on how to reply from how long it was taking for him to even start typing.[Kaminari] alsdkjhasdfkjhsdg[Kaminari] afkjsdhglkjhsdlkjdhf[Kaminari] lskdjfhsdjkhd[Kaminari] omfg!!!!!!!![Kaminari] Okay, shit...doesn’t there need to be like lube and stuff?[Bakugo] It’s sexting dumbass! You don’t need to do all the tiny details! It ruins it![Kaminari] WE’RE SEXTING NOW?![Bakugo] jesus…[Kaminari] wait! Start over![Bakugo] listen, i’m at kirishima’s and i’ll be home later so calm down until then.[Kaminari] okay! Tell Kiri i said hi!With a sigh Bakugo leaves the bathroom and walks over to Kirishima’s room. “Hey!” Kirishima greets with a grin as if he knows what just happened.“Why are you smiling like that?”“Cause obviously I’m happy for you dude!” Bakugo glares at him and Kirishima chuckles and leans back where he’s sitting. “No dude just gets up in the middle of a game to check his phone...unless he’s getting something good!”Bakugo opens his mouth to rebuke that claim but he closes it and looks away. “Dammit.” he hisses then looks back at the other. “Maybe it was just another girl!”“Dude! I’ve been with you when they’ve sent you nudes and you straight up just showed me which may have made me gayer so thanks for that. It wasn’t some girl you shot up to run to the bathroom for.”“Whatever, I’m going home.”“Kami send you a saucy little text?”Bakugo is gathering his things into his backpack and doesn’t bother to look at his best friend. “A nude.”“Woah!? Really!? Congrats! I guess you’re eager to go home and call him up!”“Shut up! Don’t congratulate me!” Bakugo snaps but yeah he is kind of eager to go to his room and be in private to properly view the photo. Kirishima laughs and pats the other on the shoulder. “I’ll talk to you later man!”“Yeah yeah, see yah.” Bakugo slings his backpack over his shoulder and slowly makes the journey back home. Once in he greets his parents and calmly walks to his room where he closes the door, he throws his backpack to the side and with his phone in one hand he flops back on his bed. He views the image once more because it is a work of art and he needs to spend some time appreciating it before he tries to teach Kaminari the nuances of sexting.



Chapter End Notes
thanks for all the comments! I'm feeling better but I'm just behind on things now lol


Chapter 27
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Weeks have passed and spring break was right around the corner. The winter cold was all but gone but the mornings still had a biting chill. Kaminari has been working hard and studying what he would call nonstop. He felt like his head was going to burst some days with all the information he was trying to cram in it. Aizawa’s scheduling was harsh and his exams even harder but it was all to prepare Kaminari for the real thing. If he can get high grades on these mock exams then he’s sure to be able to do well on the actual exam. Aizawa found Kaminari is smart, you could ask him something and he would have a coherent answer but it’s just sitting down and taking the test that’s the problem. Kaminari was a good speaker when he wanted to be and just lacked the support he needed.To Aizawa it was annoying, not that Kaminari was annoying but his wasted potential was annoying. He wasn’t encouraged to do things he liked so of course he’s not going to bother doing things he doesn’t like. Other teens despite their best intentions aren’t equipped with the knowledge and tools to help him achieve his highest potential, that’s what a teacher is for but obviously the teachers at his school wrote Kaminari off as an ADHD pain that they don’t have the degree to deal with. Some kids do have mental issues that need to be addressed in a specific way and other kids just need a different approach to being taught. Kaminari thrived when it came to one on one tutoring. In a classroom it was too easy for him to feed off others energy and get distracted.He was smarter than Aizawa realized so that’s why Aizawa reluctantly said he could go with his friends to see the game and hang out for a few days but only a few days. He can’t go running around the whole week but since they’d only have a few more weeks before he had to take the test. Kaminari was of course elated to hear it, Aizawa is by no means his father or his guardian but Kaminari has already put him in that spot of parental father figure and so his approval means a lot to him. When he got the go ahead he threw his arms around Aizawa for a tight hug, the man stood their tensed up for a few seconds before pulling Kaminari off him. He pat the others head and just sighs. He wants Kaminari to be safe and come back in one piece, whatever else he does he doesn’t want to know.So now Kaminari, Sero and Mina were all jammed in Sero’s car driving over to see Bakugo and Todoroki’s big game. They’d make it in time for to see the start as long as they don’t start early. Kaminari was texting Bakugo the whole time and only stopped when Bakugo told him he was going to go warm up and have a pep talk with the team. Kaminari smiles and puts his phone away before leaning over to nuzzle into Mina. She laughs and pushes him off but he whines and clings tighter and she gives up.“While you two make out with your boyfriends I’m going to be stuck in the stands all alone!”“Bakugo wont let me make out with him in public so we won’t!” Kaminari retorts quickly with a pout.“Todoroki and I are just…friends! We haven’t seen each other face to face in a long time so there won’t be any making out!”“You know what I mean!” Mina whines out and Kaminari only holds her tighter.“Mina you do know that Camie goes to Todoroki’s school right?” Sero asks with a raised brow as he looks in the mirror.She freezes and stares back at the mirror for a second before Sero looks away to keep an eye on the road. “Wait, what!? She goes to his school! So she might be there!?”“And here I thought you were a big fan.” Sero says with a laugh.“I am but she doesn’t tell what school she goes to on social media! How did you find out!?”“It came up. I asked about his school life and who he hung out with and her name came up. I made sure to check if it was the same girl and it was. You gotta play it cool though, don’t go tackling her down.”“If I knew I was going to meet her I would have worn something better!”“You look fine.” Kaminari states with a smile.“But I have some cute stuff that would get her attention! We could talk about our fashion! It’d be great but now I’m dressed plain and she wont notice me!”“Try using your personality!” The blond buts in and Mina rolls her eyes.“That’s the next part but you need to hook’em in.” She explains with her hands in the air before letting them fall down dramatically. “Now she’ll never notice me.” She pouts.Kaminari laughs and tries to encourage her the rest of the car ride because who knows what can happen, things have a funny way of working themselves out.Once they get to the school they find a place to park which is harder than they anticipated but eventually they find a spot and walk over to the football field. The minute they get close enough to see the grass Kaminari is standing on his tip toes and looking around fervently for Bakugo. He doubts the other has his phone on him since he’s warming up so he knows it’s best to just look around. He nudges Sero to help him look but the other just points to the team warming up on the field. “He’s probably in there. They look like they’re finishing up so they’ll be heading to the benches soon.” Sero says but he doesn’t look at them for long and instead is looking off towards the opposite team. Kaminari takes notice and the great friend he is he gives Sero a little push and winks. “Go man, meet your future husband!”“Shut up!” Sero laughs and rubs the back of his neck. “That’s my line!”Kaminari laughs and starts pushing Sero harder. “Go go go!”Sero chuckles and lets himself be pushed for a bit before walking on his own. “Fine, I’ll be back in five minutes!”“Make it 15!” Mina cheers and Sero rolls his eyes at his friends, he loves them that’s for sure. He heads off towards the opposite team which are heading for their benches and Kaminari and Mina turn towards the home team. “Guys!” Comes a familiar chipper voice. “Kiri!” Mina squeals and rushes in to tackle him, he catches her like a pro and spins her around how she likes to be spun. They laugh as he sets her back down on the ground and Kirishima goes in to hug Kaminari too. It’s a big strong hug and Kaminari smiles into it before pulling away.“Dude, you’ve gotten bigger!”“It’s the shoulder pads!”“No no, you’re definitely buffer!” Mina adds and Kirishima blushes with this sheepish smile.It’s obvious he’s proud and flattered by the compliments. He clears his throat and grins as he turns to wave over another guy, it’s not Bakugo but he’s a big guy who has an equally sharky grin. “Meet Tetsutetsu!”“Hey! You can call me Mina!” The girl says with a smile and hugs him tightly. His eyes widen but he hugs her back. Mina pulls away and feels his arms. “You’re just as muscular as Kiri!”Tetsutetsu snorts out a laugh. “Nah, I’m more muscular!”“You wish!” Kirishima says before looking to Kaminari. “This is Kaminari!”Tetsutetsu opens up his arms since every one else has hugged it’d be weird they didn’t hug as well. Kaminari smiles and gives him a big hug as well, he pats the others bicep and pectorals a bit when he pulls away. “Oh man, I dunno...Tetsutetsu might be a little bit more muscular!”“Dude!” Kirishima wails in dismay at the evident betrayal by his friends.“I’m kidding, you guys are pretty evenly beefy!” Kaminari adds with a laugh and Kirishima raises a disbelieving brow before it all fades with a big laugh. Kaminari scoots closer and looks over the crowd of beefy high school football boys. There’s cheerleaders intermixed so it’s basically a big crowd of people and he can’t find Bakugo so he looks at Kirishima pleadingly. “So uhh…”Kirishima jolts as if suddenly remembering and he turns towards the crowd. “Yo! Bakubro! C’mere!” His voice is loud and booms over the crowd and Mina and Kaminari shudder at the intensity of it. They’ve heard him be loud but they’ve never heard him this loud before. People turned to look at him, even the people in the stands nearby paused what they were doing to look. Bakugo pushed through the crowd of his fellow teammates and cheerleaders and Kaminari’s eyes glistened with awe and admiration seeing Bakugo in his uniform up close. He gulped and smiled his dopey grin while Mina hurried over to give Bakugo a hug, he lightly hugged her back but he was staring at Kaminari the whole time. The blond glanced to Bakugo’s teammates who were watching, most of them were paying attention to Mina. The guys were looking at her like a piece of meat and the girls were envious that she could just fling herself on him without being harshly pushed away. He did push her away but it was obviously more docile than usual.They parted and the two lovers simply looked at each other. Kaminari glanced to Bakugo’s lips and it didn’t go unnoticed by the other. They stood there though in silence, the evident desire to be close, to hold each other and kiss each other was there but they couldn’t, not with Bakugo’s whole school there. Kaminari inhaled then walked over and slung his arm over the others neck. “Man, I’m here! Finally get to see your game! You better win!”“Of course I’ll win, idiot!” Bakugo snaps but his eyes carry this gentle gaze for Kaminari. He sighs and pulls away from the others hold and he can see how sad it makes Kaminari. He wants to comfort him, maybe even apologize although he’s told Kaminari a number of times that they can’t be out in public. In private yes but in front of his team, no way.Kaminari puts on a brave face but it’s obvious he wants to hold Bakugo more and kiss him. “I’m sure you will but isn’t this your rival team? The one that gives you the hardest time?”“They ain’t shit!” Bakugo wanted to slam his face onto Kaminari’s kiss him and demand he cheer for him and watch him and only him. He didn’t though and just turned away to go back to his team. Kirishima looked to Kaminari with an apologetic smile but the blond shrugged and looked to Mina.“Let’s go find Sero. It was nice meeting you Tetsutetsuuu~” She says with a smile and he grins as he waves goodbye to them.The two walk over to the opposite team and look around for their pal Sero, he’s not hard to find being the only one not dressed up to cheer or play and being a relatively tall guy. He’s surrounded by three other people. A peculiar looking boy with half red and half white hair, he was looking fondly at Sero as they spoke, there was a tall guy, extremely muscular with a big smile on his face and then a lovely girl with pouty lips next to him. Mina gasps and steps behind Kaminari acting out of character. He looks back at her with a raised brow.“It’s Camie…” She hisses and he smiles at her as he walks towards them.“Yoarashi, is pretty much the best!” Camie exclaims with a grin. “He’s a sweetheart but strong as a bear! Isn’t he just the best Shouto~?”“He’s impressive.” Todoroki says with a nod and Sero’s smile falters. Kaminari walks up to Sero and pats his shoulder.“Hey man, sorry we came to find you first!”“I-It’s okay man!” Sero says with a laugh and both his close friends can tell when Sero is uncomfortable and look at him worriedly. Sero doesn’t give them a chance to ask and introduces them to Todoroki. Todoroki shakes their hands and he introduces them to Inasa and Camie. Mina is a bit shyer than usual but Sero and Kaminari know why and plan to tease her about it later. They talk for a bit but eventually Camie starts talking about Inasa again and asking Todoroki to agree. Kaminari pouts since it’s obviously hurting Sero’s feelings that Inasa is being brought up to Todoroki so much and it’s kind of easy to see that Inasa has feelings for him.“Well-” Mina says and steps forward with furrowed brows. She can’t stand it any longer, she can’t be shy and even though it’s Camie she can’t stay silent while this continues to hurt Sero’s feelings.. “Sero here is the coolest guy around, he’s super chill and open to people who’ve earned his respect.”“Mina-” Sero starts.“He’s a sweet guy, a good cook and really independent!”“M-Mina!” Sero exclaims blushing and reaches to pull her back.“I remember you saying you liked to cook...I’d like to try it while you’re here.” Todoroki says with a gentle smile and Sero becomes increasingly flustered.“Yeah man! Like, It’s not great or some 5 star restaurant but I can cook something! I mean you’re letting us stay over so it’s the least I can do!”“You’re staying over?” Camie asks with the tilt of her head and stares Sero down with a pouty glare. Inasa stiffens but his energy doesn’t wane in the least and seems unaffected.“Yes, he and Mina are. Kaminari, you’re staying with Bakugo, correct?”“Yeah!” Kaminari says quickly since the atmosphere seems to be getting tense. Mina is back to her old self and is pouting with her arms crossed as she stands between Camie and Sero.“Shouto~ Why don’t we make it a party and all hang out?”Todoroki paused and looked to her with a slight surprised expression. “I’m sorry, I only got permission for having these two over. Maybe next time.”“No fair~ Why do they get to come over to your place before we do?” She asks, gesturing to Inasa as well.“I didn’t know you two wanted to come over.” He states and her shoulders slump.“He has known Sero since middle school so it’s not like he’s letting some random guy over! They’re really excited to finally catch up!”Sero nods and rubs his neck and glances to Todoroki, their eyes catch and he looks away quickly. He looks to Mina and puts a hand on her shoulder to hopefully signal her to calm down but the two ladies were glaring at one another.Inasa steps forward and he smiles broadly before looking to Todoroki, he points to Sero as he says. “You like him right?”Todoroki visibly flinches and Sero blushes as he puts his hands up. “Oh man, you don’t ask that!” He doesn’t want to know that answer since he has a pretty good idea what it is.“Yes, I like him.” Todoroki affirms and Inasa’s smile drops a bit but it’s not gone. “That’s awesome man! I wish you luck!”“W-Wait! You like me!?” Sero shrieks and more and more people are looking at them. Todoroki seems unphased. “Sorry, I didn’t mean for you to find out this way. I hope it doesn’t make you uncomfortable but yes, I like you.”“Like...like like me?”Todoroki tilts his head clearly confused.“I mean, you like me romantically!?”Todoroki nods.Sero seems ready to bolt so Kaminari holds onto him and pats his back, Mina smiles smugly at Camie who folds her arms across her chest with a huff before going to Inasa’s side to gently rub his shoulder. “That’s great! Sero likes you too!” Mina exclaims with a shit eating grin she shoots at Camie who just glares back before looking to Inasa with worry clearly evident. Mina’s snide smile fades and guilt starts to settle in. Someone was hurt, even if it was not one of her friends she feels kind of bad now.Sero spazzes for a bit but he nods in agreement and Todoroki seems to take a deep breath, his chest swells and his eyes look glossy. He lets out a breath and smiles softly. “I’m relieved.” He answers.“I uhh, didn’t mean to tell you like this either.” Sero admits with a laugh.“It seems our friends won’t let us do as we want but it’s possible it’s for the best. I’m not sure how I would have worked up the nerve to tell you otherwise.”“S-Same!” Sero laughs a bit and Todoroki lets out a chuckle as well, they look fondly at each other before Todoroki steps forward.“You’ll cheer for me, right?”“Of course! Kaminari’s here for his man but I’m here for you!” God, he feels like the biggest cornball but if he isn’t the happiest man on the planet right now.“I’m glad.” The coach then calls for them to huddle up and Todoroki excuses himself with Inasa to go group up. Camie walks towards the cheerleaders but Mina calls to her and walks to her side.“Listen, I’m sorry, I feel like a huge brat about what I did.”“Well, you should.” Camie says quickly and Mina is taken aback by the harsh statement. Camie sighs and shakes her head. “No, sorry, I’m sorry. We could have talked our boys up all day and night to him and it wouldn’t have mattered. Shouto would pick what he wants…”“That’s true, I just feel like a bitch seeing your friend deflate like that. I mean, he deserves a happy relationship…”“He does.” Camie smiles softly, a fondness in her eyes and she puts her hands on her hips. “What’s your name again?”“M-Mina!”“I’m Camie, I think we got off on the wrong foot here. Wanna exchange numbers?” She says as she reaches into her cleavage and pulls out her phone. Mina blushes and nods eagerly as she pulls her phone out to exchange numbers, the two smile to each other but the girls are calling Camie over to start their cheer so she winks to Mina and sassily walks away once they finish.Mina feels like her heart is beating too fast to be normal and tries to breath evenly as she walks back to Sero and Kaminari. She smiles as she looks to the two. “I got her number!”“Weren’t you guys just fighting?” Sero asks and Kaminari nods along.“Yeah, well, we fixed it and we’re going to be friends now!”“That’s a start!” Kaminari says with a bright smile before glancing back to Bakugo’s team. “Well, you guys should stay here to watch your boo and I’ll go watch mine.”“Why don’t you just sit with us? Once they’re on the field there won’t be a difference.” Mina reasons.“He doesn’t know that and besides I’ll be cheering for him so it’ll be weird to cheer for him at the opposite teams bleachers.”“True...well, I’ll go with you then! Sero you can stay for your man!”“But don’t you want to watch Camie?” Kaminari asks Mina who blushes with a smile.“Dude, I got her number and got to speak with her face to face.” She pauses for a second then fiddles with her fingers. “Maybe for the half time I’ll go over to see their performance~”“Okay, that works!” Kaminari says and looks to Sero.“Fine by me kids, don’t get lost~” He teases and the two give him a shove before running off to the other side. The game starts and Kaminari just makes it a point to watch Bakugo, honestly he still doesn’t see the appeal of the game but he’s more excited seeing Bakugo play. He’s worried for him, Bakugo is a buff, tall guy but some of those other guys are like giants. Bakugo has had a few close calls with being tackled but he’s extremely fast and agile so he’s able to evade them last second. It still makes Kaminari’s heart race and he yells with all his might for Bakugo to do his best.Of course once in a while he is tackled and Kaminari has to hold Mina’s hand in apprehension before he see’s him get up. He seems fine but Kaminari knows even at the high school level that a tackle from a big dude can put someone in the hospital. Bakugo gets up though, he’s yelling at his teammates, mostly Kirishima and Tetsutetsu who are supposed to block for him. It’s the half time break so there’s a bit of time so Kaminari slowly makes his way to front edge of the bleachers. Mina squeezes Kaminari’s hand before running off to watch Camie perform and he waves her off.“Bakugo!” He calls out. The other doesn’t seem to hear him and is hitting Kirishima and Tetsutetsu on the head. Kaminari inhales deeply. “Bakugou!!”That seems to do the trick, Bakugo whips his head around and their eyes lock. Kaminari smiles brightly and motions him to come over. Bakugo seems to turn back to the two before walking over. Bakugo looks up at Kaminari when he gets in front of the bleachers. “What?”“You’re doing great out there.” Kaminari says with a smile and Bakugo grits his teeth and climbs up over the railing to properly glare down at Kaminari.“If dumb and dumber could actually block I’d be doing much better.” He snaps as he leans back.“Hey, they’re doing their best! Your rival team isn’t your rival for nothing, right? Those guys are good!”“Whatever.” Bakugo turns his head to the side and Kaminari steps closer.“Of course… I think you’re the best one out there.” The smaller blond adds with a sly smirk. Bakugo’s eyes trail over to Kaminari but he refuses to turn his head to look at him. “I am the best one out there.”“Mhm, you look pretty cool but I get pretty worried when you’re tackled. Those dudes could flatten you like a pancake. I didn’t drive all the way out here to see you get taken to the hospital so don’t get hurt, man.”“I’ve had a lot worse.”“Really!? How bad!?”“Broken clavicle, broken ankle, sprained on the other leg.”“How come you never told me before!? That’s serious! Is that all from one game!?”“Yeah, the last time I played them.”“Bakugo! Holy shit, d-don’t go doing anything stupid.” Kaminari chides and points his finger at the other who only glares back, finally turning his head to look at Kaminari properly.“I don’t do stupid shit! Just continue to cheer for me, idiot. It’ll be over then we can hang…” He trailed off and Kaminari wanted so much to hug and kiss him but they couldn’t so Kaminari grins and gives him a light punch. “I’ll be cheering, even if you can’t hear me out there.” Kaminari glances to Bakugo’s team and sighs. “You better go back, it looks like they’re starting to plan something out.”“Yeah.” Bakugo pauses before turning to jump over the railing and onto the ground as he walks back over to his team. Kaminari watches him with a sigh and feels his stomach knot up. It’s weird to be together but not able to touch, it’s also worrying that he might be here in person if Bakugo gets really hurt. He tries to calm down, the first half of the game went really well, they were in the lead, not by much but they were and Bakugo had no injuries, at least not that Kaminari could tell. It would be like Bakugo to hide if he was in pain though for the sake of playing. He was the teams top scorer.With another deep breath he goes back to his seat to watch, the break is soon over and the teams are lining up. He’s praying with all his might that Bakugo doesn’t get tackled too much.Sadly, his prayers go unanswered because Bakugo is tackled almost right away. He released the ball but that didn’t mean anything to Kaminari, the game was still going but he watched Bakugo intently. He watched as the other got up and seemed to stretch his neck as his team scored. Did he plan that? Kaminari wasn’t good with football, sure he watched it with his dad but he more or less sat there while it played and pretended to watch. He couldn’t tell if that was a fluke or not but Bakugo seemed okay so it didn’t matter. The blond decided maybe his praying wasn’t so effective and he should just wait and see what happens for the rest of the game.The rival team with Todoroki started to amp up their intensity and soon they were catching up and even passed Bakugo’s team. Kaminari yelled with everything he had for Bakugo to keep going and to make another touchdown. He yelled so much his throat was beginning to feel sore and tight but that didn’t stop him from cheering until the last second passed.Kaminari hurried to the edge of the bleachers, the teams lined up and shook hands and it seemed Bakugo was talking with Todoroki about something. Bakugo’s face was a heavy set frown while Todoroki seemed ever unimpressed with whatever they were discussing. After a few minutes Todoroki raised his hand and Bakugo grimaced before taking it and giving a firm handshake.Bakugo walked back to the bench and looked to the bleachers where Kaminari waved over at him frantically with the biggest smile. He was happy he won but even happier they didn’t need to take a trip to the hospital and it was all over with. Bakugo shot him a quick grin before going with his team to the lockers to shower off and get dressed. There was talk of celebrating in the locker room, they need to party, get drunk and have the cheerleaders over. Everyone wanted Bakugo to come but he denied going quickly since he had better things to do and honestly he never liked partying with those idiots to begin with.Kirishima pat his shoulder with a grin as if to say enjoy your time tonight with your boyfriend. Bakugo shrugged him off and said nothing and just focused on getting his shit together and leaving the locker room to go find Kaminari. He looked to the bleachers and spotted the blond right away who was looking out for him as well. He shot up and hurried down the bleachers to see Bakugo. “I’m glad it’s over!” Kaminari said quickly with a big grin.“You’re not a big fan of football, are you?” Bakugo asked with a quirked brow.“Not really, If I’m being honest. Sorry.”“Don’t be sorry, I don’t really care for it anyways. I just have a few assholes I want to beat. That’s what keeps me going.” Plus scholarships.Kaminari grinned and reached out to take Bakugo’s hand but flinched and pulled his hand away. He was blushing and he turned away to adjust his bag. Bakugo sighs and rubs the back of his neck, a part of him wants to pull Kaminari into his arm but he knows that’s out of character for him so he just clears his throat and points to the parking lot. “Lets go, I’m starving.” The two make their way to Bakugo’s car and get their stuff in the back before sitting in the front. Kaminari smiles and sits back in the seat. “Can you text the others to let them know I’m with you?”“Yeah.” Bakugo gets his phone out to do just that then throws the phone back and before he starts the car and gets out of the parking lot. The minute he’s off the school campus he takes a breath and takes Kaminari’s hand, the smaller blond lights up and squeezes his hand.“Bakugooouuuu~”“Oh my god.” Bakugo cringes but he doesn’t let go of Kaminari’s hand.“This is tough man, I wanted to kiss you like 20 times.”“I could tell.” He snorts out but he’s smirking and Kaminari feels his heart flutter.They drive in relative silence, the radio is playing on one of the popular stations and once in a while Kaminari will sing along to a song he likes as he stares out the window. He stops when they park and stares at what he assumes Bakugo’s house, he gulps as he realizes that he’d be meeting Bakugo’s parents.“Calm down, they aren’t home and they’re both losers so you don’t need to worry. My mom is a bitch and my dad is a wuss.”Kaminari pales and looks to Bakugo with concern in his eyes. “But-”“They know I’m gay and they’re fine with it so don’t worry about anything stupid. Just don’t bother talking to them too much.” Bakugo says as he gets out of the car and grabs their stuff like the gentleman he is and gets out his keys to unlock the door. He throws one bag in the laundry room and walks to his room where he throws Kaminari’s bag on his bed. Kaminari steps in and looks around at Bakugo’s room with wide curious eyes. “It’s...normal.” He sounds disappointed. He was expecting to see something more outrageous but it’s surprisingly plain. “Oh well, I guess-” Before he could finish his sentence he was pushed back onto the others bed and he found Bakugo crawling on top of him and kissing him intently. Kaminari gasped because suddenly falling back scared the shit out of him but he quickly melted into the kiss and wrapped his arms around Bakugo’s neck.



Chapter End Notes
todosero meeting makes me so happy to write them and I'll be writing much more kiritetsu will gain more gay powerBakuKami are gross and in lovemina and camie are gonna bond over being loving friends who will cut a bitch if they need to.


Chapter 28
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Sero and Mina were both blown away by the size and obvious richness of Todoroki’s home. Sero knew he was rich but he didn’t know he was this rich. The two felt out of place that’s for sure but they were greeted by Todoroki’s older sister who smiled happily at them. She brought them to the living room and was offering snacks and drinks. They declined since they just ate and she left Todoroki to entertain his friends.
 
They would have their own rooms but Sero wasn’t interested in going to bed anytime soon. The three plopped down on the couch and Mina got out her phone and was obviously texting Camie by the look of the smile on her face. Sero scoffed with a small smirk before turning to Todoroki who was trying to find something to watch.
 
“If anything catches your eyes let me know.” He said and Sero nodded.
 
He took a minute to process a thought and gulped before he looked at Todoroki. “You do.” He said inwardly cringing at his own cheesy flirting. Mina beside him boos in a low tone and he gives her a small jab with his elbow. She snorts and turns away with a look of amusement on her face.
 
“Huh?” Todoroki asks and stops his channel flipping to look at Sero, he doesn’t seem to understand.
 
“Oh uhh...it’s nothing.” Sero says with an apologetic smile.
 
“Is it?”
 
“You said to tell you if anything catches my eye and I said you do…” He admits and rubs his neck. Todoroki stares at him for a moment as the confusion slowly dissipates and the other teen looks back to the screen. Sero can see it, the blush on his cheeks and he can’t help but want to see more. He leans closer so their shoulders touch and Todoroki sits up straight.
 
“Thank you.” Todoroki answers softly as his eyes lock onto the screen.
 
Sero snorts and he can’t help but find it endearing that Todoroki can’t handle flirting even the stupid kind. “Any time, handsome.” Sero dares to say.
 
Todoroki snaps his head to look at Sero, his eyes wide open, the blush becoming darker and more prominent on his features. Sero can’t help but laugh which may have sounded mean and teasing to Todoroki who wasn’t used to such comments. 
 
Actually, he was. He was called handsome all the time but never like that in that tone of voice by someone he wanted to hear it from. He coughs and looks away further and Sero senses he may have pushed too far.
 
“Sorry man, just teasing you. If you’re not comfortable-”
 
“No, it’s fine. I’m just surprised.” Todoroki admits.
 
“Why?”
 
“It’s just surprising? I suppose the fact that I have feelings for you make the comments that much more influential.” The duel-haired boy admits and Sero smiles happily.
 
“Gotcha. You don’t hate it though?”
 
“Not at all, I like it, I just don’t know how to respond.”
 
“That’s okay! You don’t have to respond! I just want to be able to say flirty things to you!”
 
“Gross.” Mina comments and Sero takes the cushion and throws it at her. She takes the pillow and throws it back. 
 
“If this were my house it’d be on.” Sero says and Mina raises an eyebrow.
 
“You mean a beat down. Don’t try and act tough in front of your boyfriend! You lose every time we have pillow fights!”
 
“I do not, Kami is usually the loser!”
 
“I’m still number one though!” She cheers and Seros scoffs, he can’t really deny that she’s the most aggressive fighter when it comes to pillow fights and her overzealous attitude makes her quite unstoppable.
 
“Whatever!” He huffs and then looks to Todoroki who has been staring at him for a while now. “You okay?”
 
“Oh yes, I just-” Todoroki pauses. “I’m your boyfriend now, right?”
 
Sero stiffens up and Mina’s eyes go wide as she stares at the two. She assumed since they confessed to liking each other that they’d be on the same page but she supposed they weren’t yet. Sero regained some of his spirit and nodded. “I’d like us to start going out.”
 
Todoroki nods. “Yes, me too. Sorry, I’m just not used to this kind of stuff. To be honest, I never thought we’d meet again.”
 
“Why’s that?” Mina asks, the curiosity getting the better of her despite the obvious lack of familiarity they have.
 
“Well, family matters while I was growing up made it difficult.”
 
“Homophobic parents?” she asks instantly and Todoroki shakes his head in the negative.
 
“It’s more like my family was having a difficult time and it caused a lot of things to feel uncertain.” He answers and she nods. She knows better than to pry any further even though she wants to. 
 
Sero had an idea of it. When they met at camp that one summer before high school Todoroki admitted to his parents getting a divorce. He never asked how that went down since it never came up and he didn’t want to just ask ‘hey how was the whole your parents are divorced thing going?’
 
Just yikes.
 
“That’s tough, you know Sero is a great person to talk to about it if you’re ever feeling uneasy! You can probably talk to Kami too he’s been through family struggles so you two would probably benefit from getting to know each other.” Mina offers with a bright smile.
 
“I know Sero is quite the amazing person.” Todoroki seems to brighten up just a bit and Mina nods along happily. “I’ll see if I can ever talk to Kaminari, although I feel like Bakugo will be unhappy.” And for some reason Todoroki feels all that more inspired to talk to the blond.
 
“Guys~” Sero feigns bashfulness at their comments before laughing. 
 
The air between the trio grows with warmth and happiness, Mina teases Sero and Todoroki watches on amused. It feels right, and the duel-haired teen wonders why he’s never tried to have friends over before. He recalls the disappointment of his friends from earlier when they found out he had invited Sero and Mina over. He never thought of inviting people over before until recently but now it seems like such a waste he hasn’t had them over. This house is so big, he regrets not letting it be filled with more noise.
 
He’ll be moving out when it’s time to go to college which is soon. Maybe this home will become a distant memory and he realizes maybe he wants to have a few good memories in here before it happens. Something to offset all the bad ones. 
 
Yes, he wants Inasa and Camie over to hang out. He would like Sero to come over again before he moves into the dorms if possible. His friends are invited, even Bakugo can come if he wants to be near Kaminari. He shouldn’t forget to indulge himself a little. His mother told him so but its been hard to make use of that freedom. 
 
After the dinner the group split up and Kirishima was left with Tetsutetsu. He didn’t mind it but he wasn’t exactly able to feel the full effect of his luck. Usually being alone with Tetsutetsu was a blessing but right now something weighed so heavily on his mind he couldn’t look at his bro right beside him.
 
Everyone parted, Sero went with Todoroki and Bakugo left with Kaminari. It kind of sucked. It felt like his friends were drifting from him and there was nothing he could do to stop it. They were cultivating their relationships and their futures but he felt oddly stuck as if he was going to be in high school forever. 
 
He sighed out and Tetsutetsu stopped sipping his drink and nudged him. “Dude, that’s the 5th time in the past minute.”
 
“Your math is off.” Kirishima said with a small laugh but he gazed down at the sidewalk they were walking.
 
“It might be but I can tell something is on your mind, dude. What’s up?”
 
“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing.” Kirishima replies which earns him a heavy arm slung over his shoulders.
 
“Fuck that, there’s something bugging you. I’ll drop yah if you don’t spill it!” Tetsutetsu roars and Kirishima grins and tries to pull away but the other pulls him in tighter.
 
It’s a crushing headlock and Kirishima struggles before coughing a bit. “Okay! Okay!”
 
Tetsutetsu’s hold relaxes but does not move and Kirishima takes a few deep breaths before looking to his friend, his teammate, his crush. “I’m just kinda bummed all of a sudden. I don’t know how to explain it.”
 
“Is it cause Bakugo and his boyfriend ran off to fuck around?”
 
“Ah well-”
 
“Is it cause you like Bakugo? But you’re trying to be a good bro and support him but it’s hurting you?”
 
Kirishima blinks. “What? Wait, what? No! No, I love Bakugo but not like that. He inspires me but I’m not into him! I told you! I just feel like I’m losing my friend…” He looks down ashamed. “If that makes sense.”
 
“No man, it makes sense. We’re gonna be graduating soon. Everyone is splitting off and doing their own thing. It’s kind of scary and cool at the same time. We picked colleges near each other so it’s not like we’re going to be completely separated. Bakugo is going to a good school and you might get into it too!”
 
“I know but-”
 
“But he might have Kaminari go live with him and ditch you?”
 
“Yeah.”
 
“Dude, he won’t. I mean, he’s head over heels for the little dude but he can’t be with him all the time right now so they’re absorbing as much time together as possible. Once they have the chance to be around each other more they’ll go back to normal.”
 
“How do you know?” Kirishima didn’t know Tetsutetsu was knowledgeable about this stuff and it was pretty surprising and kind of cool.
 
“I don’t but if you think about it there’s no way they’re going to live in their own little bubble forever. Bakugo appreciates the hell out of you. Remember all the tutoring he’d force you through and weird ass way of encouraging you? He’s not gonna just drop you. You’re definitely too important to him”
 
Kirishima’s bottom lip quivers and he feels his manly heart just swell with emotion. God, that was just what he wanted to hear. He needed to know he was still important. “Man, you’re the best.” Kirishima pauses, his heart is filling up with so much affection and gratitude for the teen next to him he can’t help but lean in close. “What would you say if I said you just made me fall for you?”
 
Tetsutetsu pauses, his eyes wide and mouth slightly agape. After a few seconds he gives a big sharky grin and his eyes close as he gives the happiest smile Kirishima has ever seen on him. “I’d say that I’m going to be dating the hell out of you.”
 
Kirishima blinks a few times and finally pulls himself away from Tetsutetsu’s hold to stand in front of him. “Really? You mean that? You’re joking, right? You gotta let me know if you’re joking ‘cause I can’t tell.”
 
“I’m not joking!” Tetsutetsu claims and seems almost offended that his words could be misconstrued as a joke.
 
“So, you’d really be down to date me? Full homo?”
 
“I uhh-” Tetsutetsu is blushing and any other day Kirishima would let it slide and play it off but right now he needed to know. They’ve come too far to ignore it.
 
“Don’t get my hopes up man.” Kirishima mutters and Tetsutetsu gulps.
 
“No, I’m not trying to get your hopes up. I’d date you, I mean it.”
 
Kirishima breathes in deeply as he stares down the other man. “So, you knew I liked you?” Since Tetsutetsu didn’t seem too surprised by Kirishima’s reaction.
 
“I felt like you looked at me differently but I didn’t want to assume things. I wasn’t sure how okay you were with Bakugo dating someone else and you know I’m not really good at understanding this kind of stuff-” He gestured vaguely to the air between them.
 
“Homoesexual relationships.”
 
“Relationships in general.”
 
Kirishima looks at him and smiles gently. “I know it seems weird-”
 
“It’s not weird!” Tetsutetsu cuts off quickly. “I don’t think it’s weird! I just don’t know how to do this right without hurting someone.”
 
Kirishima covers his mouth and turns his head. He’s smiling despite how open and honest Tetsutetsu is being. He feels bad but it makes him happy that Tetsutetsu is such an insufferably sweet guy. He calms down after a second and reaches to take the others hand. “Well, so far so good man! Wanna come over and hang out?”
 
“Hang out?” 
 
“Yeah, we can think about dating the hell out of each other tomorrow or whenever. Let’s just chill.”
 
Tetsutetsu’s shoulders visibly relax and Kirishima smiles proudly. Tetsutetsu gives his hand a squeeze and Kirishima returns it as they walk back down the street towards Kirishima’s car. There doesn’t need to be an answer or word for what they are right now. As long as they feel safe and happy next to each other that’s all that matters.
 
“Ah! B-Bakugo! That’s weird!” Kaminari shouts when Bakugo gives a particularly hard tug to his nipple.
 
Kaminari looks to see the other sucking on one bud and playing with the other. His heart is beating a million miles a minute and his mouth feels dry. It feels so odd to have a hot mouth on him and his nipples sending a feeling he’s never felt before. Something about someone else’s hand on him sends weird tingles. He’s not sure if they’re good or bad.
 
Bakugo looks up at him and it’s obvious he’s annoyed. “I thought you said you’ve been playing with them!”
 
“I have it’s just different when you do it.” Kaminari retorts with pout and Bakugo clicks his tongue before sitting back. 
 
“Then show me how you do it.”
 
“Dude, I’m not going to play with my nipples as you watch, besides your parents are going to be home any minute.”
 
“All the more reason for you to hurry up. Come on, get to work!” Bakugo demands as he crosses his arms and Kaminari sits up with a raised eyebrow.
 
“What’s got you all worked up?” He asks with a laugh to his tone and Bakugo scowls. Kaminari tilts his head with a smirk playing on his lips oh so tauntingly. “After winning you’re eager to get your prize?”
 
Bakugo’s eyes narrow and Kaminari presses his index and pointer fingers around his nipples. He gropes at his own chest and Bakugo watches with a somewhat bored expression but Kaminari knows he’s anything but bored by this. He massages and gropes around his nipples, he uses his thumbs to press and lightly pinch them but is quick to lightly brush over them afterwards. It’s a certain gentleness to them that Bakugo was not keen on showing when he was so eager. He huffs realizing the issue and seems annoyed but not annoyed enough to quit.
 
He grabs onto Kaminari’s wrists and leans forward so Kaminari lays back down on the mattress. He has his wrists pinned and slowly kisses down Kaminari’s neck in a manner far more gentle than Kaminari knew was even possible for the other. Bakugo gets to his chest and kisses around his nipples and sucks at a few spots before teasing the buds with the tip of his tongue. Kaminari’s breath hitches and a soft moan escapes.
 
“That’s...a lot better.” He murmurs, a sarcastic retort is at the tip of his tongue but he’s sure if he says something this pleasure might stop and he won’t chance it.
 
His soft moans fill the room, they sound deafening in the eerie silence of an unfamiliar home. The room smells so much like Bakugo, it’s comforting and he turns his head to bury his nose further into the blankets filled with his lover scent. It’s so good, too good.
 
“S-Stop, I’m getting hard.” Kaminari says quickly and tries to pry his wrists away but Bakugo holds him tighter. Kaminari can’t help but wonder why the other isn’t more exhausted since he did play a big game earlier. It’s not fair. Bakugo simply shifts over and presses their groins together and starts rutting against him. 
 
“N-No, god Bakugo don’t.” Kaminari gasps and tries to will himself away from the urge to moan. It feels good, no, amazing. “Your parents are going to be here soon.” He’s not sure how soon, they’ve been making out and touching each other for a while now but they’re bound to show up sooner or later. He doesn’t need to meet them for the first time after orgasming because of their son grinding on him as he plays with his nipples. 
 
His words of reason do nothing to make Bakugo stop if anything he’s grinding down harder and faster. Kaminari whimpers, his face feels hot as his blush grows and he’s trying not to roll his hips but his body is reacting anyways. That seems to earn some sort of approval from Bakugo who leans up and begins kissing Kaminari and man does the smaller blond become complete puddy in his boyfriend’s hands. He opens his mouth without hesitation and kisses back with all eagerness of a 18 year old sneaking around with his lover. 
 
The sounds of lips smacking, the wet sound it makes and the soft moans they breath together fills the room and it feels like it’s truly just them. There’s no one else in the world and no worries anymore. The grinding becomes needier on both ends as tongues twirl together and instead of Bakugo holding onto his wrists their fingers have intertwined together. 
 
It’s perfect, it’s intense, it’s everything Kaminari has been dreaming of and more because it’s real, it’s-
 
“KATSUKI!”
 
A voice booms from just outside Bakugo’s door and Kaminari jolts up resulting in his nose painfully smashing into Bakugo’s face and maybe one of them almost biting the others tongue off. Bakugo sits up, the murderous aura emitting from him is palpable. Kaminari is rubbing his nose but he reaches for Bakugo as the other gets off the bed but he’s too slow.
 
Bakugo swings open the door with a heavy glare. “What!?” He yells in his mother’s face and she stands there looking unimpressed. She glances behind him into the dark room and can barely make out Kaminari in the midst of it but she knows he’s there. 
 
“We’ve been calling for you for a while now! Stop making out with your boyfriend and come down to say hi!” She demands with a huff. 
 
“He doesn’t have to meet you tonight!”
 
“Get your hormones in check you big dolt! We can say hello!”
 
Kaminari reaches for his shirt and quickly puts it back on and sits at the edge of the bed awkwardly. He doesn’t know if he should get up to say hi right now or wait until later. The two are bickering and Kaminari can only watch at the yelling match unfolding before him. He gulps and decides it might be best to introduce himself anyways. He stands up and walks over so he’s just behind Bakugo.
 
“Hi, uhh sorry I didn’t say hello earlier I’m Kaminari Denki.” He says and the two stop their arguing to look at him.
 
Mitsuki with all the quickness of a lioness on the hunt grabs Kaminari and pulls him out into the light of the hallway. 
 
“Don’t pull him!” Bakugo yells but she seems able to ignore him now.
 
Mitsuki gives a hum. “There’s no way you’re Katsuki’s boyfriend.” She says with a smirk.
 
Kaminari’s heart sinks and he feels his self esteem dropping quickly. 
 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Bakugo hisses with narrowed eyes.
 
“I mean no son of mine can land a cute guy like this!” She answers quickly before looking to Kaminari with a smile. “So, is he paying you? Forcing you? Blink twice if he’s holding you hostage!”
 
“Mom!”
 
Kaminari’s shoulders relax and he shakes his head with a smile. “No, he’s not doing any of that. He’s a good boyfriend!” The blond says with more courage than he knew he had as he takes Bakugo’s hand in his and gives it a squeeze. Bakugo is stunned, a strange feeling erupts in his heart and something shifts inside him. Nothing broke, there’s no sudden snap or shattering but more like he’s been turned around and seeing something completely new. He looks to Kaminari and he suddenly feels overwhelmed with emotion. 
 
“Y-You met him now so leave us alone!” He snaps and pulls Kaminari back into his room before slamming the door. His mother is ranting something about his rudeness but she doesn’t seem too upset and eventually walks away to leave the two alone. 
 
Kaminari finds himself in the dark room once again, his eyes not yet adjusted but it doesn’t matter when Bakugo is holding him so tightly. He’s quiet for a moment but Kaminari was never good at just enjoying silence no matter how comfortable it was. “You okay?” He asks softly.

Bakugo dips his head down and doesn’t answer but at some point Kaminari feels it, his shoulder feels hot and damp. It clicks that Bakugo is crying but he’s so silent right now that it doesn’t completely register. Kaminari doesn’t say anything about it but he tries to move. Bakugo squeezes him tighter so he can’t move them apart, likely not wanting Kaminari to see him like this. He might think it’s weak of him to cry but Kaminari can only wonder what caused it. Did his mother hurt his feelings?
 
“Can you look at me?” He asks gently.
 
Bakugo shakes his head.
 
“Please?”
 
Bakugo stays still, silence engulfs them but eventually Bakugo raises his head. He doesn’t look pained, more or less stunned and almost distant. Kaminari tilts his head to the side before bring a hand up and resting it on the others cheek.
 
“What’s wrong?”
 
“Nothing…”
 
Kaminari smiles sympathetically and runs his thumb over Bakugo’s damp cheek. “We were messing around just a moment ago but all of a sudden you seem sad.”
 
“I’m not sad, idiot.”
 
“Then?”
 
“I don’t know…” He admits tiredly, he honestly doesn’t know why but something was released and it maked him cry. He’s never experienced it before so he can’t explain it. He takes a deep breath and puts his head down to rest his forehead against Kaminari’s shoulder. “I never knew holding hands with my boyfriend in front of someone would feel like this.”
 
“Someone besides our friends?” Kaminari inquires but Bakugo makes no motion to move to respond. “I kinda get it. Holding hands around our friends is easy but I felt nervous and powerful at the same time taking your hand and claiming that I’m your boyfriend.”
 
Bakugo squeezes him tighter and Kaminari chuckles since it seems like he figured out what caused the outburst. “You’ve never been able to say that to anyone, huh? Probably didn’t think you’d ever have the chance? You were going to be single forever!”
 
“Shut up.” Bakugo speaks up but his voice is still muffled by their embrace. 
 
“You’re happy though, right?”
 
“Yeah.” Of course he is, he never thought he'd be able to stand next to a boyfriend in front of his mother. He never thought he'd hear said boyfriend say with such happiness that they're going out. He thought he'd hide everything until he got into college, maybe a couple years in just to make sure he becomes an integral part of the college football team so they can't exclude him when he comes out. He thought he'd never hold a man's hand in public but now he realizes just how much he wants to. It just felt so good.
 
“Maybe tomorrow morning you can introduce me to your parents for real...as your boyfriend.” Kaminari offers with a bright smile that makes Bakugo's heart melt.
 
Bakugo inhales deeply and he finally relaxes his hold. He steps back and smirks. “Fuck yeah.”
 
Kaminari beams with pride before he pulls Bakugo back over to the bed. “Wanna continue where we left off?”
 
“Do you even need to ask?” Bakugo gives Kaminari a shove and the blond falls back on the bed as Bakugo crawls on top of him.









Chapter End Notes
Todoroki's past is on the horizon!Kaminari is gonna enjoy time with his boyfriend before the exam.Summer is on the way!thank you for the comments and kudos!I've been writing a few other things cause I had the sudden inspiration for them


Glimpse of the Future
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





They fooled around all last night, nothing too crazy because something like going all the way was too daunting for either of them to try alone in the house or not. Hormones are crazy and finally being together like Romeo and Juliet made the crave for contact impossible to ignore. Bakugo wished nothing more than to make every night like this, every night falling asleep next this idiot.
 
He’s got a lot to do, there’s a mental check list on his mind, graduate, go to a University, become a pro football player, and live with Kaminari. He’s got graduation down and he’s sure to get into the University of his choice and start playing competitively, all that’s left is keeping the other by his side. 
 
It’ll take work on both sides, if Kaminari wants that he’ll have to work his butt off but Bakugo knows Kaminari is trying. It’s hard to be with someone, you can’t make them be you or do things as you would do them. They will simply be themselves and achieve things their own way. Bakugo, a perfectionist has a hard time dealing with that kind of stuff but for Kaminari he’s learning to accept things. 
 
He turns his head to the boy sleeping beside him and stares hard for a good minute. Kaminari might fail, Kaminari might not get into a school near him. He might not live up to what Bakugo could do and Bakugo is okay with that. It’s frustrating though, he wants Kaminari to succeed and not just for the sake of making things easier. Life isn’t a smooth line where you hit one check point then go to the next. He used to think it was or at least for him it had to be but meeting Kaminari made it hard to stay true to that ideal. 
 
He was never supposed to come out to his parents, he was never supposed to get a boyfriend before he got into University but he’d be damned if he didn’t snatch Kaminari up when he got the chance. So now he’s out to his parents, he’s got a boyfriend and despite the guilt of having to hide their relationship to the outside world he wouldn’t give it up. 
 
He’s surprised Kaminari doesn’t hate him or put him on the spot for being a coward. No, Kaminari seems fine with it, sad by the look in his eyes when he so evidently wants to reach for Bakugo’s hand and can’t, but not angry. If Bakugo was a romantic he’d consider Kaminari a blessing.
 
In that same vein he’d have to consider himself a curse. The day they met nothing has really gone right for Kaminari, he was disowned, he fought with his friends, dropped out of school and ran away to go live with homeless people. He doesn’t have much to show for his struggles, all he has is a boyfriend who is too spineless to be out. Fear of his future being ruined drives his actions but is that a good enough excuse?
 
Looking at Kaminari right now, he’s unsure.
 
He falls asleep with the other cradled at his side with one arm around him. Sure it’s going to go numb and be a bitch to deal with but for right now this is the most comfortable he’s been in a long time.
 
The next morning they wake up together and Kaminari nuzzles into Bakugo’s neck when he tries to get up. Bakugo grunts and tries to pull his arm free that really has no feeling in it. “My arm.” 
 
“It’s mine now.”
 
“Just my arm?” He asks raising a brow and Kaminari closes his eyes and pretends to be sleeping. “I can’t even feel it anymore!” Bakugo snaps as he struggles to pry it free.
 
Kaminari lets out a whine and begrudgingly rolls over to let Bakugo’s arm free. Bakugo rolls to his side and pulls Kaminari close which makes the smaller blond let out a pleased sigh. “That’s the good stuff.”
 
“Don’t be weird.”
 
“Who me?”
 
“Who else?”
 
“I thought you knew me by now, I’m always weird.” Kaminari replies which makes Bakugo smirk and although Kaminari can’t see him he can almost feel his smile and a sarcastic comeback. “Don’t-”
 
“I didn’t say anything.”
 
“You wanted to!”
 
“I want to get out of bed that’s what I want.”
 
“Then get out.” Kaminari snaps with a grin on his lips.
 
“You’ve got to come too.” 
 
There’s a long pause and Kaminari shifts to look around the room for the clock. He sighs once he see’s that it’s past 10am which is a reasonable time to start the day. He grunts as he sits up and stretches his arms out. Bakugo sits up next to him and Kaminari turns to him with a smile. “Morning kiss?”
 
“Not before brushing our teeth, idiot.”
 
Kaminari grumbles but he slips out of the bed and goes to his bag to get his toothbrush and shuffles over to the bathroom to start brushing his teeth. It’s almost comical to watch, is a kiss that powerful? Bakugo’s ego swells because obviously his kiss is.
 
He walks in after the other and begins to brush his teeth as well. Kaminari finishes up before him and the blond is just standing there waiting. His eyes are closed and he lets out a big yawn as he waits. Bakugo tries to keep a neutral expression so not to give away his amusement, Kaminari is pretty much a puppy waiting for his treat. 
 
When he was finished he rinsed off his brush and Kaminari perked up expectantly. “No more waiting!” He exclaimed and flung himself into Bakugo’s arms and pressed his lips against the taller male. 
 
It kind of hurt, but they relaxed and found a good pressure to kiss with. The taste of mint greeted them both and neither could discern whether they were tasting their own mouth or the others. It didn’t matter, waking up and being able to kiss each other was amazing on its own. 
 
They broke away and with new found energy Kaminari shoved Bakugo out of the bathroom. “Okay, gotta pee!”
 
“Hey!” Bakugo roared as the door was slammed in his face.
 
“Sorry!” Kaminari laughed from the other side and he didn’t sound sorry at all. 
 
Bakugo inhaled deeply and you know what? Now that he thought about it he needed to pee too. He had enough class not to bust down the door while the other was peeing though despite the temptation of making Kaminari scream.
 
Once they’re both relieved and dressed they make their way down stairs. Mitsuki is sitting at the kitchen table while Masaru is sipping coffee on the couch. 
 
“Morning you two.” his father calls with a smile.
 
“Sorry, I didn’t greet you last night! I’m-”
 
Bakugo quickly grabs Kaminari’s hand in his and gave him a look before his gaze returned to his parents. “This is my boyfriend, Kaminari Denki.” He announces with a stern glare as if he’s expecting them to say something against it. 
 
The two looked uncertain how to react for a second, Mitsuki rolls her eyes and Masaru smiles gently. They already knew who Kaminari was to their son so there was no need to introduce him like that but if that’s what he wanted to say then that’s fine.
 
“We figured that, Katsuki.” His mother scoffs but she’s smirking and Bakugo bristles up at her teasing expression. Kaminari gives his hand a squeeze and seems to be trembling. It catches Bakugo’s attention and he looks to see Kaminari’s eyes watering and a shaky smile on his lips. Kaminari must be feeling it too. That unmistakable pride of taking ones lover by the hand and announcing it to the outside world. 
 
“It’s nice to meet you Kaminari. Feel free to call me Masaru.” Bakugo’s father says with a small laugh. His voice is so quiet that it’s hard to believe he’s supposed to be Bakugo’s father and husband of Mitsuki.
 
“I will.”
 
“Well, now that Katsuki isn’t keeping you locked away let’s have a good look at you.” Mitsuki says as she gets up and stands in front of Kaminari.
 
Bakugo growls. “Mom.”
 
“I’m just going to look~” She says with a small smirk and just look she does. She peers Kaminari up and down and then walks around him to get a full view. “Not bad~”
 
“He’s not a piece of meat!” Bakugo hisses which makes her laugh a bit as she pats Kaminari’s head.
 
“I know that! He’s a cutie, I’m still stunned you could land a guy this cute!”
 
Kaminari blushes and rubs the back of his neck. “I am pretty cute, huh?”
 
“Yup! Can’t wait for you to be my son-in-law!”
 
“Mom!”
 
Kaminari blushes a darker red that’s spreading past his cheeks up to his head and down his neck. “That’s- I mean we can’t even go on dates since we live far away so…” He trails off feeling embarrassed and oddly flattered.
 
“Nothing moving together won’t fix!”
 
“God damn it mom, I swear-”
 
“Oh hush, I’m teasing! Go sit and I’ll warm up breakfast!” She scurries off before Bakugo can unleash a few more choice words and Kaminari squeezes his hand once more. 
 
Bakugo sighs and pulls him along to the kitchen table so they can sit down as they wait for his mom to bring them food. This was far more embarrassing than he thought it would be but he doesn’t hate it completely.
 
After the two finish breakfast Bakugo’s phone goes off and it’s Sero calling. Bakugo hands his phone over to Kaminari since he knows Sero isn’t calling him to chat.
 
“Hey man! We’re thinking of going to the park. There’s a big one with like volleyball courts and stuff. We got a ball so it should be fun! You think you can tear yourself away from your boyfriend long enough to meet us?” Sero’s voice rings out teasingly and Kaminari snorts.
 
“I dunno man, might be impossible.”
 
“Oh come on!”
 
“Pfft- kidding kidding. I think we can meet you guys. You have fun with Todoroki?”
 
“Hell yeah!”
 
“Oh! Enthusiastic! I wonder what happened~” Kaminari sang out with a sly grin.
 
“Get your mind out of the gutter but let’s say you’re not the only one with a football playing boyfriend!”
 
“Oh shit man! That’s awesome!”
 
“Yeah! I know!” Sero sounded so happy, his tone was so warm and chipper. He deserved that, he deserved to be happy. “Anyways, Kirishima and Tetsutetsu are gonna meet us there in an hour! See you then!”
 
“Alright sounds good!” Kaminari hangs up the phone and hands it to Bakugo. The other doesn’t need to know what that conversation was about. Despite it not being on speaker he could still hear Sero clearly.
 
“Idiot better send a name because there’s a lot of parks around here.”
 
“I’m sure he will but better text him to make sure.” Kaminari says with a laugh and gets up to rummage through his bag. 
 
Personally Bakugo would rather they not go out, not today at least. Call him selfish but Sero and Mina get to see Kaminari all the damn time. Why can’t they let him have a day with Kaminari all to himself? Bakugo closes his eyes tightly as he realizes how bad that sounds, like some love struck teenager. 
 
He’s not a love struck teenager.  Just because he’s love struck and a teenager doesn’t mean he has to act like one. He shakes his head and texts Sero to send him a name of the park and puts his phone down. 
 
A few minutes later his phone dings and Sero got him the name and address to the place. Bakugo feels a little less annoyed but before he puts his phone down another message pops up. It’s not from Sero, but it’s sadly a girl asking for him to come out for a date today.
 
Oh, how easy it would be to say he’s going out with his boyfriend. It’s so simple but he can’t or so he tells himself. 
 
[Bakugo] No interested.
 
[Lazyeye] Come on~ its been so long since we just hung out!
 
[Bakugo] That’s because last time we hung out I was bored out of my mind.
 
[Lazyeye] I promise it wont be boring! I’ll make it worth your while! Your were awesome last night by the way! I was cheering for you the whole time.
 
[Bakugo] I doubt you could make it worth my time. I’m busy today.
 
[Lazyeye] I can do a lot of stuff that’ll be worth your time~ What’s got your schedule so packed?
 
[Bakugo] none of your business.
 
[Lazyeye] i miss you tho, i miss you so bad.
 
Bakugo rolls his eyes and is about to point how obvious she is and how sad that makes her but a hand covers the phone screen and he turns to see Kaminari beside him. He must have been reading the messages over his shoulder and Bakugo is about to point out that this is in no way cheating but a pair of soft lips cover his before he can even speak. Kaminari gently takes the phone out of Bakugo’s hand and puts it down on the table before focusing his hand on Bakugo’s cheek and deepening the kiss. 
 
Kaminari definitely doesn’t like that Bakugo replies to those girls, Kaminari knows Bakugo has fooled around with them but that was just to stop any chances of people assuming he’s gay. There’s no way he’d ever be interested in spending time with them especially now that Kaminari is right here. 
 
“Ahem.” 
 
The two jolt and pull away as Mitsuki’s sips her coffee from across the table. 
 
“Sorry.” Kaminari apologizes with an awkward smile and she shakes her head.
 
“I understand young love but at least go to your room before you start making out.” She says, directing her comment more to her son than Kaminari.
 
“Well, we got some time to kill before we need to go so lets do just that.” Bakugo says as he gets up and drags Kaminari back up to his room. They leave his phone behind on purpose.
 
Once the door is closed Bakugo rounds on Kaminari with a heavy glare. “I’m not cheating.”
 
“I don’t think you are!”
 
“Good.”
 
“I just don’t like it. I don’t know why but the fact they just start hitting on you like that kind of pisses me off.” He admits and Bakugo scoffs.
 
“It’s what happens when you play around and stop. Since we started going out I haven’t touched anyone.”
 
“Do you...regret that?”
 
“Regret what? I’m gay, I didn’t want to touch them in the first place but I didn’t need those idiots spreading rumors I won’t smash. My coach is kind of a homophobe so I wasn’t going to chance not getting play time if he started to suspect shit.”
 
“No, I get that. I mean, it’s crazy you can just-” Kaminari shakes his head. “Look, since I’m here I want you to focus on me as much as possible.”
 
“You’re the one agreeing to meet up at the park with all the other losers.” Which effectively cuts into their alone time.
 
Kaminari smiles at him. “You know it’s going to be fun, don’t lie.”
 
Bakugo rolls his eyes. “It’s going to be a headache.”
 
Kaminari steps forward with a playful smirk on his lips. “Bad at volleyball? Scared you’ll embarrass yourself?”
 
“I’ll be the best one there easily.”
 
“Well, you’ll have to prove it!”
 
“And I fucking will.” Bakugo snaps then pauses as he realizes that Kaminari just tricked him. He glares at his boyfriend but it melts away when they kiss once again. This couldn’t be considered a fight, they aren’t really mad at each other by any means but Bakugo hopes they solve all their problems like this in the future.
 
The group meets up at the park and Bakugo clicks his tongue upon seeing Todoroki, Inasa and Camie. He didn’t realize those extras were going to be here but it was too late to turn around now. It would look too much like running away and he’d never do that.
 
“Bakugo! Bro!” Kirishima called and walked up to his friend with a bounce in his step. Bakugo gave him a nod. 
 
“You look...happier.” Bakugo comments idly.
 
“I could say the same for you!” Kirishima shoots back with a wink.
 
“You get somewhere with the dense idiot?” Bakugo questions and Kirishima can’t help but smile. It’s not like Bakugo to ask personal questions of people usually under the guise of being to apathetic to care. It proves that he’s asking because he cares, because they’re best friends.
 
“Something good, nothing I can put a name on but we’re moving in the right direction.” Kirishima explains and Bakugo rolls his eyes.
 
“I don’t get it but if you’re happy then fine.” Bakugo sounded exasperated but Kirishima knew he was just acting put out because if he didn’t sound annoyed then he might sound like a genuinely nice guy. The horror.
 
The group heads to the volleyball area, there’s polls with nets set up for anyone to use. The teams were split evenly since Camie didn’t wish to play. They decided to make it random with Bakugo, Todoroki, Kaminari and Tetsutetsu on one team and Sero, Mina, Inasa and Kirishima on the other.
 
“Hey Yoarashi babe~ Take it easy on them!” Camie cheers from the side lines.
 
He turns to her with a big thumbs up. “Not a chance!”
 
Camie laughs and Mina gives him a few encouraging pats on his strong arms. “Let’s destroy them!”
 
“Yeah!” He’s exclaims happily as he shoots his fist up.
 
“Shut up and serve the damn ball!” Bakugo roars from the other side.
 
“Hey man, chill!” Kirishima says with a grin as he goes to the back of the court and shoots up a serve. By the look of it one might think he’s an actual player and Kaminari does his best to receive but damn did that pack a punch. 
 
Tetsutetsu sets it up and Bakugo and Todoroki both jump to try and spike it down. The result is not what they wanted and the two end up fighting over who was supposed to get it. Kaminari looks to Sero with an amused gaze. “Hey, control your boyfriend.”
 
“That’s my line dude.”
 
They laugh for a second before coaxing everyone to start over and this time to remember this is supposed to be for fun and not a battle to the death. It takes a few tries but eventually everyone is working together on each team to make a cohesive game. There’s still a competitive edge they all have because no one likes to lose but no one is losing their mind over it. 
 
They switch up the teams a few times, and they even convince Camie to join them for a bit. “I’ll be on Mina’s team!” She declares proudly which makes Mina blush.
 
“Oohh!” Come the chorusing voices of Kaminari, Sero, Kirishima and even Inasa.
 
“Shut up!” Mina snaps and the four pretend to be looking at something on the ground or in the air. Laughter begins to echo in the area and everyone has a smile on their face. Everyone can agree this is one day they’ll never forget. They keep playing and running around like kids until they're exhausted and Mina has the bright idea to go get food.

After a long day of physical exertion the best place for the group to go to is a fast food place. Kaminari is by far the most exhausted but he seems to have a content smile on his face as he leans into Bakugo as they stand in line to order. “That was so fun but I think my arms are gonna be bruised up.”

 

“Mn.” Bakugo replies and looks at the menu. Kaminari peers up at him and takes not of Bakugo’s rigid posture, straightened shoulders, hands in his pockets and disinterested gaze. Kaminari smiles sadly, he knows Bakugo doesn’t mean this to be cruel, if he wasn’t worried about someone seeing him he would be holding his hand right now. Kaminari pulls away though to stand on his own and gazes at the menu for a second. He pretty much knows what he wants so he doesn’t need to really look for anything. Once they all order they find a place to sit which is two booths next to each other and wait for their numbers to be called.

 
Kaminari doesn’t tempt fate and decides to sit across from Bakugo instead of right beside him. The desire to lean and demand for comfort when he was sleepy was too high. Fast food places were too dangerous since they were where teens liked to frequent more often than not. The blond puts his head down on the table and lets the world drown out. He can hear the voices of his friends but they become a blur, he feels sore in a good way and oddly satisfied by his workout. He’s ready to fall asleep but he’s too hungry to completely succumb.
 

He feels something brush against his ankle, at first it’s a tap but then it starts to feel like a slow easy rub. He turns his head to rest his chin on the table and looks to Bakugo who is resting his head in his hand with his arm propped up on his elbow. He’s saying something to Kirishima and doesn’t bother to look towards Kaminari. The blond lays his head to the side again and moves his ankle into the touch. It’s strangely romantic.












Chapter End Notes
I meant for this chapter to be where we continue with the important plot points of the story but I got carried away with domestic bliss. I am starting on the next chapter and we will get back on track lol.this story is supposed to be a slice of life and there will be issues and problems for everyone but I don't foresee anything intense but I'll be honest with you guys this story was never intended to be so in depth as it is.Pride came from this idea I had where Bakukami meet at pride, then I document each year they go and what happens and the reader can see how their relationship has progressed. A couple chapters for each Pride. Things obviously started to take control and I found myself fleshing out more and more things. It's a lot of fun and I don't regret it! I am going to try to go back to my original idea but a few chapters of their lives in the middle because I can't do 80k for each year from one pride to next years pride. I do want there to be a good flow between one year to the next but I'll try really hard to just focus on major points in their lives.They're going to have issues, they might fight, someone might start something, something might happen and life will have its ups and downs but like the old saying goes. It gets better. Pride will be where major events that shape them as people and their relationship. It's a place of growth and self love and to BakuKami Pride is the foundation of their relationship.


Chapter 30
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Time together was a lot of fun, Kaminari hates that he has to go back to his regular life and back to studying. Parting was hard but they did it with a kiss and a promise to see each other soon. Bakugo told him to pay attention to his studies because that’s his biggest stressor now. That’s his main priority. Aizawa says he’ll know the score he gets right away, it’s all done on computers so he just has to pick the schools he’s applying for and they’ll send the test score to them. 
 
There’s an essay writing portion he has to do as well but they will give him time for everything he just needs to keep track of how much time he spends on each subject. Aizawa is with him every step of the way, heck even the librarian has his back and is lending him her calculator for the exam. 
 
Kaminari texts Bakugo the night before and he’s near tears. “I don’t know if I’ll pass...I might have to wait longer but Sero is going to move out to go to college. I guess I can stay with Aizawa and the others b-but he’s already spent so much time teaching me.”
 
“You’ll be fine, calm down. You’ve been getting your ass kicked day in and day out studying. You got this.”
 
“What if I forget?”
 
“Look, even if you fucking bomb we’ll figure it out. You can apply to college’s every semester. So what if you don’t get in for the start of the year! It’ll be fine. “
 
“But-”
 
“Denki.” 
 
Kaminari’s heart stops, does a flip and maybe bursts all in one go. He’s never heard Bakugo use his first name before and it calms him, grounds him and he feels his anxiety deflating. 
 
“Listen, just go in there, tell yourself you’re going to bend that exam over and fuck it. You’re going to make it your bitch.”
 
Kaminari snorts. “Okay.” He laughs and leans back against the toilet seat he’s sitting on. He has made the bathroom his alone time area. It feels like his private little space and he can light a candle in it so it’s pretty nice. “Thanks, I’ll do my best to make it my bitch.”
 
“That’s fucking right.”
 
Kaminari smiles softly to himself and there’s a lul in the conversation but it just feels like a comfortable silence. Kaminari straightens up a bit as he grips his phone tighter. “Hey...Katsuki?”
 
“...yeah?”
 
“So I pass and I get accepted to the community college. What then?”
 
There’s a long pause from Bakugo but Kaminari listens closely and hears him inhale deeply. “We’ll get an apartment or something…”
 
Kaminari blushes a bit. “Don’t you want to live in the dorms or the frat houses?”
 
“No way in hell.” He snaps quickly and Kaminari knows he’s not just saying that. Bakugo would hate to live in a house full of other dudes, there is a chance it would be fine but it’s likely Bakugo would lose his damn mind. He’s kind of a neat freak and he’d run himself into the ground yelling at everyone to pick up after themselves.
 
“So, we’d get an apartment together.”
 
Kaminari goes quiet and he’s smiling a bit to himself. It won’t be easy that’s for sure, an apartment is expensive especially in a city near a big name college. They’d have to pick up a job but Kaminari wasn’t opposed to that. 
 
“You sure about that?” He asks softly.
 
“I wouldn’t bring it up if I wasn’t. Why the hell would I tell you to pick colleges near mine if we weren’t going to live together?”
 
“Well, I dunno! Maybe, you’d live in a dorm! I wasn’t sure!”
 
“God, you’re dumb.”
 
“Yeah, but you’re head over heels for me anyways.” Kaminari replies and he can hear Bakugo inhaling deeply.
 
“Shut up.” Is his reply before he lets out a sigh. “Anyways, go to bed, set your alarm and kick that tests ass.”
 
“Give me a ‘good luck babe’!”
 
“...Good luck, babe.”
 
Kaminari laughs and covers his mouth since he knows he’s being pretty loud and snorts a couple times before he’s able to calm down.
 
“Th-Thanks!”
 
“God, never doing that again. Go to sleep.”
 
“I will, goodnight!”
 
“Yeah, night.”
 
Kaminari sighs and finally leaves the bathroom and goes to Sero’s room. He flops in the bed and looks to Sero who is on his phone. “Texting your favorite boy~” He asks with a leering grin.
 
“Duh and Mina too.”
 
“What’s she doing?” Kaminari asks and nuzzles into Sero’s side to peak at his phone. Sero turns away from him and Kaminari grins knowing that Sero is talking to Todoroki now. “Don’t be sexting~”
 
“I’m not!” Sero rebuffs and grabs his pillow so he can smack Kaminari with it. The blond laughs and tries to block it before he lays back and looks at the ceiling.
 
“So, you think I’ll be able to pass?”
 
“Dude, of course! You’ve been studying hard! Aizawa is a really good teacher too.”
 
“He is.” Kaminari murmurs and sighs softly. “Okay, I’m gonna try to sleep.”
 
“Aight man, I won’t make a sound.”
 
“Yeah, have fun sexting your man.”
 
Sero snorts a bit and pulls the blanket up as he turns to his phone. “No promises.”
 
The next morning he waited nervously in the front room of the office where the exam was going to take place. Sero had dropped him off and the blond had everything he needed. He was studying some extra notes and had the calculator he was allowed to take in. This was a comprehensive type test, not just about one subject but all of them. He felt okay in some areas but other areas still made him feel nervous. He was scared. He didn’t want to fail.
 
It is three hours.
 
He has three hours to make the best of this test and honestly he feels like he’s ready to tap out right now. Bakugo would forgive him, right? 
 
The blond sighed and the image of Bakugo’s wrath once he told him he chickened out of a test was near palpable. He had to do this, he was going to fuck this exam up just like Bakugo said he would. Hopefully, it doesn’t turn the tides and fuck him instead. 
 
Once he’s allowed into the testing room he walks to the computer and sits down. All he is allowed is his calculator and the small whiteboard and marker they have prepared. He takes a deep breath and exhales slowly before starting the test.
 
It’s sectioned off and at the end he has an essay to write. Everything will be graded and accounted for except for the essay which he knows he’ll have to ace, writing was his strongest subject so if he could do one thing it was that. For everything else he just hoped he didn’t fail. 
 
The next few hours go by at a painfully slow pace but at the same time it’s moving way too quickly. He’s working on the essay and he’s got about 20 minutes left, from the practice exams he took 20 minutes is usually enough time but he’s nervous so he feels like his writing is all garbage. It doesn’t make any sense and his thesis statement isn’t strong enough, his grammar is trash and he can’t help but feel like giving up. 
 
The image of an angry Bakugo flashes in his mind and he sighs with a smile. Okay, he won’t give up.
 
With three minutes to spare he finishes up his exam and finally clicks finished at the end. He’s all done, he leans back in the seat and lets his head hang back. He takes a few minutes to breath before getting up. He exists the exam room and goes to the front desk where the woman begins to flip through the papers that were just printed out. The exam doesn’t go by 100% grading, basically each subject is scored in terms of adequacy. He wants to score anywhere in the average to above average zone. The essay is scored later and he’ll know by the end of the week how that went. His test scores are sent straight to the college’s he’s listed when he started the exam.
 
The woman gives him a brief smile and hands him his results. He takes them with a shaky hand, he looks them over and at first he’s not sure what he was seeing. There was a lot of words on it but in a box there were red bars with scales below each to represent each subject. 
 
Kaminari gulps and it feels like he can’t process what he’s seeing. It seems like he didn’t score under average in any subject.
 
His chest squeezes and his eyes begin to water so he turns away and leaves the building. Waiting for him are Aizawa and Eri, the young girl perks up when she see’s him and waves frantically.
 
“Denki!” She squeals as she runs over to tackle him.
 
He laughs and catches her in his arms and gives her a big hug. “Hey! I hope you weren’t waiting too long!”
 
“Not too long! How’d you do!?” She asks excitedly and Kaminari takes the folded up paper and hands it to Aizawa.
 
“He’ll be able to decipher it.”
 
Aizawa takes the paper and looks it over, his face remains neutral but eventually a grin breaks over his features. “Well alright, you’re not as dense as you lead us to believe. Good job.”
 
“Good job!” Eri cheers and lifts both hands to the air for a high 10. Kaminari smiles and slaps her hands with his.
 
“So, do you think I’ll get in?”
 
“Mhm, you’ll get in. With scores like these you’ll be accepted.”
 
Kaminari feels all choked up and bows his head a bit. “Th-Thanks, it’s because of you that I got this far.”
 
“I am a teacher after all. It’s what I do.”
 
“D-Don’t be humble!” Kaminari chides and Eri agrees with him, a firm gaze to her eyes.
 
“You helped!” Eri affirmed.
 
Aizawa sighed and rubbed his neck. “I just put you on the right track. You did all the work, don’t forget that.”
 
Kaminari beams at him with the happiest smile. “Th-Thanks!” He rushes in and hugs the older man. Aizawa lets out an oof and stands there for a second before pushing the other off.
 
“Alright alright, enough of that.”
 
Kaminari steps away with a laugh then puts his hands on his hips. “Okay, lets celebrate! I’m thinking McDonalds!”
 
Eri perks up and Aizawa raises his eyebrow. “You’re going to be paying for your own celebration?”
 
“Why not!? I’ve been working and stressing myself crazy lately! I could go for a burger and fries! And why not treat my teacher and the greatest support!” He gestures to Aizawa and then to Eri respectively. 
 
“I think it’s a great idea!” Eri says and Kaminari nods.
 
“It’s settled then!” He marches off with Eri in tow and Aizawa reluctantly follows after them. When they get to the fastfood restaurant Aizawa sits at the table outside and the two walk in to order. People give him looks of course, he isn’t dressed horribly but he does give the impression of a homeless man even without completely tattered clothes. Thankfully no one calls the cops and at least if they do Kaminari and Eri are already sitting beside him with all their food so he won’t be asked to leave.
 
With a couple burgers, a mountain of fries and Eri’s chicken nuggets with apple slices they really got a meal for champions there. Kaminari gets his phone out and is grateful that the place has wifi, he takes a picture of his test scores, then at the food before sending them to his friends and of course to Bakugo.
 
It’s not long until Bakugo texts him back, likely at school and can’t call him. 
 
[Bakugo] Good job. I knew you could do it.
 
[Kaminari] Thanks, I was so nervous and at some point I think that exam was fucking me.
 
[Bakugo] obviously it wasn’t you loser.
 
[Kaminari] I should get an email saying if I got into one of the schools in a week or month.
 
[Bakugo] Yeah, we’ll do apartment hunting in the meantime.
 
[Kaminari] is it okay? What if i don’t get in?
 
[Bakugo] Doesn’t matter
 
[Kaminari] ...if you’re sure.
 
[Bakugo] I am, idiot. Even if for some reason you don’t get accepted to the colleges in the area we can still live together. Maybe you can pick up a part time job or whatever.
 
[Kaminari] I guess so.
 
[Bakugo] Just relax, eat your crap. I’ll talk to you tonight.
 
[Kaminari] lol okay babe!
 
[Bakugo] See yah.
 
Kaminari put his phone down and started to eat, he smiled happily as he talked with Eri. He felt a weight lifted off his shoulder, he did everything he could and now he just had to wait for the word from the community college’s he applied to. Bakugo told him during his stay that once he’s in Kaminari can find a subject he really likes to study, he can start looking into his interests more rather than just having to take classes for the sake of having them. It sounded nice but Kaminari was unsure.
 
Writing and Art was his go to hobbies but was it fair to Bakugo he pick a career where he might not make much money? If he writes books people will need to buy them and if they don’t sell well then he might owe money.
 
It costs money to make art and if no one buys it then he’d spend his money for nothing. 
 
It’s dangerous and he’s nervous, he doesn’t want to be a burden but Bakugo doesn’t seem to think he’d be a nuisance. It’s possible he’s blinded by his undying love for Kaminari which is funny to consider since it’s Bakugo but it might have more truth to it than one might think. 
 
He was just going to have to take it one step at a time, he passed the exam so now was apartment hunting. Sero and Mina were also looking for apartments in the area so maybe they could live in an apartment together or at least be neighbors that’d be cool. Kirishima and Tetsutetsu might be rooming in the dorms but they are open to the option of an apartment too. It depends on what they can find and what price, some will be taking loans and trying to get a part time job. It’s going to be difficult but if they can be close together and hang out then they’d be sure to figure it out. 
 
When the three finished up their meal and threw their trash away they walked back downtown and went to the abandoned building, most of the others were out right now and the three went to work on the chores. 
 
It was only a couple hours of work and they eventually sat back together with a sigh. Eri leaned over toward Kaminari and gripped at his hand. “So, are you going to move away soon?”
 
“I-” He paused and looked to Aizawa for help but he didn’t look at him, he was on his own for this it seems.
 
“At the end of summer I’ll be moving with my boyfriend and going to college.”
 
“Is it far away?”
 
“It’s a long car ride but it’s not crazy. I’ll definitely come visit.”
 
“But I won’t see you for a long time…” Her tone was somber and it was obvious her eyes were watering, tears were threatening to spill any minute. 
 
“N-No! I mean, it might be a while but when there’s a break I’ll come see you! You can tell me everything you’ve read and- and I’ll tell you what I’ve been up to! Actually, I was considering writing you a story while we’re away so when I see you again you’ll have a book that I made just for you!”
 
Her lips quivers and he’s not sure if she likes the idea or not. She sniffles and rubs at her eyes. “What will the book be about?” She asks softly.
 
“I was thinking it’d be about a unicorn, she’s a young unicorn who goes on an adventure. She goes through the forest and mountains then to the beaches and across the sea. She meets many friends and-” He pauses and taps his chin. “Well, I don’t want to spoil it, you’ll just have to read it when I’m done.”
 
Her eyes glisten, partly because of the tears but also her evident interest. “I want to read it!”
 
“It’ll take me time! I gotta get it all written out and edited nice so it’s easy to read.”
 
“So when you leave- you’ll work on the book, then when will I see you?”
 
“Well, school starts in autumn and then there’s a winter break so I’ll come visit then.” Although he doesn’t have a car and he’ll have to ask his friends or Bakugo to give him a ride he’s determined to bring her a book. She’s done so much for him, Aizawa and the others too. He wants to repay them somehow and repaying the adults might take some time but giving Eri a little something as he works on what he wants to do is mangeable.
 
“But you’ll be here for the rest of summer?”
 
“Yeah!”
 
Eri seems to contemplate it all, she’s not happy but she’s not sad anymore either, she’s somewhere in between and she moves over and hugs Kaminari. He smiles and pets her head gently. At some point she begins to cry, just small sniffles and now Kaminari’s crying too. He’s not sure why, today has been a good day but just the thought of leaving what is likely the one true family he’s known is hard. He won’t be able to see them often but he knows he’ll come back to make sure see how they’re doing. For some reason he really wants to come back as a better version of himself, a successful him that has no more worries. It seems a like a lot of work but he’s not as scared of the future as he used to be. 
 
It’ll just be hard not to miss them while he’s out chasing that dream.
 
Two Weeks Later
 
Graduation day, it’s hot out and they’re dressed in a dark blue which makes everything feel uncomfortably warm. Bakugo huffs in annoyance. Kirishima sits next to him and is talking animatedly about how cool and exciting this is. Bakugo doesn’t care in the slightest, it’s high school but his parents are here and expecting to take a picture as he crosses the podium. It’s not as amazing and symbolic as it seems at least not to him.
 
Not much is going to change, he’s going to get that full ride to the University with his scholarship, Kirishima is going to be there along with Tetsutetsu. The only thing that’ll be different is that Kaminari will be living with him. That’s the highlight and he’s ready for summer to be over despite it barely starting.
 
He gave Kirishima a pat on the shoulder when he was called up and the redhead shot up and walked onto the stage. He grabbed his diploma, shook hands with the principal and the dean before he walked across the stage. Lots of people were cheering for him, Kirishima was always well liked by a lot of people and he waved happily with a big grin. The redhead made his way back to his seat with a satisfied little sigh and he was full of giddy excitement.
 
Bakugo rolled his eyes with a smirk at his friend and then left to go up to the stage. He grabbed his diploma, didn’t bother to wave even if people were calling for him and just returned to his seat. He was sitting for all of about 2 minutes when he got a text and looked to see it was from his mother.
 
[Mom] could you at least pretend you don’t hate this?
 
[Bakugo] nope
 
He smirks and puts his phone on silent and sits back in the fold out chair they set out for them. He lets out a yawn which earns him a slight jab from Kirishima. 
 
“Don’t pass out man.”
 
“I won’t. I won’t.”  He grumbles and despite being tired he’s never been on to fall asleep in public. “Oi, Kirishima-”
 
“Mhm?”
 
“So you and numbskull are going to move in together after the summer right?”
 
“Oh uhh...we’re considering it.” 
 
“Well, Kami and I are going to be living together but if we get a two bedroom apartment and let you two have a room the rent would be damn cheap.”
 
Kirishima perks up. “Might be a tight fit but-” he couldn’t deny easier rent would be nice. “I like it!”
 
“Just think it over. I’ll probably do some apartment hunting in a few weeks.”
 
“Oh yeah! You gonna bring Kami along?”
 
“I’ll see if his friends will drive him up.”
 
“Well, Mina and I have been talking and she seems like she’ll be joining a sorority with Camie! For Sero- I mean, he might stay with Todoroki, he’s loaded so they could get any apartment they want no problem. I heard Todoroki applied to the same University we did!”
 
Bakugo clicks his tongue. “Don’t remind me, he probably applied to some other schools. Hopefully he’ll go to one of those instead.”
 
“Aww come on, what’s wrong with being on the same team?”
 
“I can’t beat his ass if we’re on the same team!” He snaps with a heavy glare which Kirishima replies with a grin.
 
“When we’re scrimmaging you can but I guess it is different.”
 
“Yeah, it’s different.” Bakugo sighs before folding his arm. “Okay, maybe we can try it for a year and if you two want to do dorms or get your own place you can.”
 
“Hm~ That doesn’t sound too bad and we can save money that way. It’ll be nice to have your cooking more often too!”
 
“You fuck, don’t try to turn me into your own personal chef.”
 
“I’m not! I just know you can’t stand anyone else’s cooking so you’ll be taking care of it! We’ll chip in for groceries though!”
 
Bakugo turns his head away but honestly it’s all a show, he doesn’t mind if he’s the one cooking and Kirishima’s right when he says he won’t like what anyone else cooks. “I might be tired from busting my ass. You better pick up some cooking lessons.”
 
“That might be an elective! I’d definitely pick it if there’s a chance to get in!”
 
“I hope the teacher knows what they’re doing and has some fire extinguishers.” Bakugo remarks with a shit eating grin.
 
“Okay, I’m not that bad!” Kirishima whines and gives Bakugo a light playful shove.
 
Bakugo gives his head a light smack and the two boys look back to the stage as Tetsutetsu is walking up and getting his diploma. Kirishima calls out with all he has along with a few other people in the crowd. Tetsutetsu looks out and when they lock eyes Kirishima jumps up. “He saw me!” He begins to wave frantically and Tetsutetsu waves back as he makes his way off the stage and back to his seat.
 
“God, you’re embarrassing.”




“Hehe, yeah~” Kirishima lets out a dreamy sigh and Bakugo rolls his eyes. He loves his friends but man they’re sure big saps, maybe he should take back that whole living together thing. He might not be able to handle living with three idiots even if one of them is his boyfriend.









Chapter End Notes
I didn't forget about Kami's fam ; v; I do have a couple more things planned with them. Nothing crazy.Thanks for the comments and kudos on this! Next chapter we go back to Pride!


The 2nd Pride
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Kaminari did well on his exam. 
 
Kaminari got into a community college near the University Bakugo was attending.
 
Kaminari was going to live with him.
 
Bakugo sat at his desk at home and thought about his boyfriend. He did this often but lately its gotten worse. He felt anxious and he was never one to feel anxious about anything. It was hard to define this feeling but he was definitely restless. Things were going great so why was he feeling like he needed to get up and move around? 
 
He tapped his pencil against his notebook a few times before dropping it and getting up. He didn’t need to be at his desk, he didn’t need to study for anything but he found himself not wanting to lay back in his bed. Nowhere seemed comfortable and his thoughts came back to Kaminari. He wondered if he was sensing some sort of incident to come but as he texted Kaminari he found that the other was with Sero safe and sound. He was fine, he was safe so why did he feel like he couldn’t calm down?
 
Everything is back on track for his life now, he got into the school, he’s on the good team, he’s got his scholarships, he’s got a boyfriend, he’s got a good friend and an apartment lined up. It’s settled, it’s all working out in his favor but somehow his heart felt like it was beating really fast.
 
Is he sensing an earthquake? A tsunami? What was it?
 
He left his room, shoved his phone in his pocket and left his house for a walk. He decided to take a stroll around the block and get some fresh air. He’s trying to figure out what’s causing this feeling of anxiety, his mind keeps coming back to the apartment, tweedle dum and tweedle dee are talking about getting a bunk bed and Bakugo has threatened them numerous times not to bring that up around Kaminari because knowing his boyfriend he’ll want a bunk bed too. It’s not like Kaminari would be able to persuade Bakugo into getting one for their room but Bakugo doesn’t want Kaminari to whine about it.
 
They are getting a queen sized bed to share and that’s final. They are going to fall asleep side by side and are going to wake up to each other every morning. He swallowed his spit and narrowed his eyes. It’s pretty exciting that they’re going to be living together, they’re going to be able to touch and kiss whenever they feel like. Yeah, Kaminari is going to be taking the bus to school and they’ll part ways in the morning and might not see each other until night time but they’ll still spend their free time together. Bakugo will have practice and come home sore and tired but he’ll hopefully be greeted by Kaminari. What a life.
 
Their daily life will be intertwined the moment they move in and it was exciting and nerve-wracking at the same time. What if they fight? What if they break up? What if something happens to Kaminari at his school and he can’t get to him? What if Kaminari’s parents try to get back in his life? What if… what if…
 
He growled as he clenched his teeth together. Okay, so this can be really great but there can also be a lot of shit that can go wrong. He’s learned that he can’t control everything in his life or other people’s lives which still frustrates him but he’s learning to just accept it as it is. He sighs and stops where he’s walking before deciding to head back home. 
 
Not to sound like a hopeless romantic but he’ll just focus on the good things like being able to cuddle Kaminari every night.

[xxx]

Summer is in full swing and Pride is upon them. This time the group has gotten even bigger. Todoroki and his friends are coming and Tetsutetsu is coming along with them as well. It was going to take a lot of planning to accommodate the group in a hotel but luckily Money Mcdaddy’screditcard seemed all to ready to flex on them. Todoroki got them a nice two bedroom hotel suite for the night. With two King sized mattresses and a pull out bed from the living room couch they should all be able to manage squeezing in. It kind of pissed him off that Todoroki was just flaunting his rich ass around like it was no big deal but he wasn’t about to tell him not to pay. He can bite his tongue on this.

 

The group decided to meet where they met last year, Bakugo, Kirishima and Tetsutetsu were hanging in the car when Todoroki pulled up. Bakugo huffed and didn’t bother to even spare a glance at the car, his two idiot friends got out to say hello and talk but there wasn’t a single person in that car that Bakugo wanted to talk to. It also seemed Todoroki added on another person, maybe a date for Inasa, he was big, had dark blue hair and wore a pair of glasses. He looked like a nerd but he looked like he worked out too. One thing for sure was he was loud.

 

“Dude, come say hi!” Kirishima says as he opens the door to Bakugo’s side. “This Iida guy is going to be on our team!”

 

Bakugo snorts and looks at his phone. 

 

“I know you’re waiting for your boyfriend but you can at least talk with us! Don’t you want to get ready before Kami comes here so you can look hot?”

 

“I always look hot.” Bakugo answers and Kirishima rolls his eyes.

 

“You’re a good looking guy, I won’t deny that but come on. I bet Kami’s gonna be all dressed up! Mina was talking about how he got this new outfit. We even made a pact to hold you back.”

 

“I’m not some wild animal!” He shouts, obviously offended they would assume he didn’t have any control.

 

“I know you aren’t but the outfit is top tier man.”

 

“Wait! You’ve fucking seen it!?” Before him? There’s going to be hell to pay.

 

“Just the outfit! Not him in it!” Kirishima defends quickly.

 

Bakugo finally relents and grabs his stuff as he gets out. He gives a short. “Hey.” Before he removes his shirt and takes out a pair of suspenders to clip to his jeans. They’re rainbow for obvious reasons and he can clip some pins to them if he wants to. He doesn’t have the intention of buying any pins but if something catches his eyes he might.

 

Kirishima slings his arm over his shoulder and coaxes him to come closer to the group. Tetsutetsu and Kirishima decided to go shirtless and paint on each other, Camie offers them a few beaded necklaces since she has about 30 of them on her person.

 

She’s wearing some shorts, and a tank top that is very plain but the rainbow hoard of necklaces around her neck make up for it. She’s wearing a hat that has a transflag pin on it. Todoroki is in a very plain and simple outfit. Plain jeans with a grey t-shirt, he has one of Camie’s bead necklaces on but other than that he’s relatively colorless. 

 

Inasa despite seeming like the type to go shirtless isn’t. His shirt is grey with a pride flag in the middle of it, he’s got some shorts on with some sandals. His nerdy but beefy friends is just...preppy, very preppy. Bakugo of course doesn’t care about what these idiots are wearing though, it’s none of his business but since Kirishima brought up Kaminari’s apparently amazing outfit he was focused on figuring out what it could be. 

 

His mind went through a lot of stuff, some more raunchier than others and he had to remember that Kaminari’s style wasn’t like his and would likely be a little more outrageous but still cute. Kaminari seemed too shy to wear something provocative but he wasn’t afraid to show some skin. 

 

When Sero’s car finally pulled into the parking lot he straightened up but didn’t bother to look directly towards the car. He didn’t want to seem too eager. That wouldn’t be cool. 

 

He heard voices greeting the three and Camie was complimenting Kaminari for his outfit, this would be a good time to look. He turned his head to see what the fuss was about but before he could really take in Kaminari’s outfit the boy in question was lunging at him. 

 

It was a mess of bright colors. The smaller male tackled him, his arms wrapped around Bakugo’s neck and his legs around his waist. Bakugo grunted before wrapping his arms around Kaminari to hold him up. “What the hell you maniac!?”

 

Kaminari laughs and squeezes him even tighter. “Hey sexy. You looked so good I just had to pounce.”

 

Bakugo rolls his eyes. “And here Kirishima was telling me he’d have to hold me back from you.”

 

“Really?” Kaminari loosens his hold to look at Bakugo properly. “Do you not like my outfit?”

 

“I didn’t even really see it. Get off and let me look at you.”

 

Kaminari does since he’s obviously excited for compliments and lets Bakugo walk around him to investigate. First things first is the bi-flag crop top he’s wearing, next is the smooth and kissable stomach but that’s not part of the outfit. Kaminari is wearing black booty shorts. Those things are hugging painfully around the smaller males rear which might have done it in for Bakugo but Kaminari had tastefully found rainbow leggings to put on under so he was essentially covered. The last thing were the neon yellow shoes with a black lightning bolt on the side. It was a mess, a complete and under mess of colors but damn if Kaminari didn’t look good in it. 

 

“So I’m guessing the theme is...colors.” Bakugo taunts and Kaminari folds his arms across his chest. 

 

“Do I look good or not!?”

 

“You look good, idiot.” 

 

“Okay lovebirds! Lets go!” Mina calls, she’s got a matching outfit to Kaminari’s except for a bi-flag crop top she has a lesbian flag and pink neon shoes. Camie is putting a necklace on her and the poor lesbian blushes and sputters out a thank you. The two have been talking but Kaminari hasn’t heard about either of them deciding to date, Kaminari blames it on Mina being a stereotypical dumb lesbian and Mina can’t help but whine and agree. She’s nervous about trying to ask Camie out, they seem to get along really well but Camie is famous and popular so she’s always around other pretty girls. Kaminari was silently rooting for her to hopefully make a move today. Pride is where the magic happens so maybe it’ll work some wonders for the two. 

 

The group went on its way, Kaminari took Bakugo’s hand who squeezed it in return and Kaminari glanced to see Sero and Todoroki holding hands as well. Both had plain looking clothes but it suited them just fine. Kirishima and Tetsutetsu seemed to opt out of holding hands for now but Kaminari was sure once Tetsutetsu got to enjoying himself that Kirishima will be all over it.

 

They soon found themselves swamped with people, the crowd seemed bigger than last year but it only made things more exciting. Yaoyorozu and Jirou found them and the girls were just as in love as they were before if not more so. To everyone’s surprise Yaoyorozu and Todoroki actually knew each other, something about a rich kids retreat of some kind their parents made them go to. 

 

“You guys aren’t in an arranged marriage are you?” Mina asks with wide eyes.

 

“No! Of course not! That’s a little too old school in any case!” Yaoyorozu answers quickly.

 

“Good, we’d have to make a double elopement before summer was over and that’s not enough time for a double wedding!”

 

“Vegas is an option.” Todoroki brings up calmly and his rather low toned voice and serious demeanor makes everyone pause for a second. It’s a heavy second but eventually everyone starts to laugh once they figure it’s a joke, except Todoroki himself and Bakugo who doesn’t laugh easily.

 

Todoroki blinks a few times, he’s not sure what’s so funny and looks to Sero for some explanation but Sero just smiles and pats his shoulder. He decides that asking for clarification might make everyone feel awkward so he shuts up about it and decides to just go along with everyone. He’s enjoying his first pride and what can be considered a first date for him and Sero so he doesn’t want to spoil it.

 

The parade is under way and the group watch in excitement as the floats and people walk by. Kaminari see’s there’s a person with a t-shirt launcher and tugs on Bakugo’s arm. “Get me one! Like last time!”

 

“Geez, stop pulling me!” Bakugo shouts with a scowl but Kaminari nuzzles into his shoulder anyways.

 

“Come on~ It’ll be like- an anniversary gift.”

 

“A-Anniversary!? We didn’t start dating here!”

 

“We made out here!” Kaminari reminds him with a smirk and Bakugo clicks his tongue.

 

“That’s not the same and you know it.”

 

“It’s close enough! I knew I liked you then!”

 

Bakugo turns his head to ignore Kaminari but he glances to the float with the few people that have the t-shirt launcher. It’s almost in front of them, the guy is reloading the gun and Bakugo takes a deep breath. Kirishima and Tetsutetsu are fighting over who’s going to get one and Mina is trying to climb on Inasa so she can get a height advantage. All of these idiots aren’t ready so when it’s launched in their general direction Bakugo is quick to catch it.

 

He doesn’t make eye contact with Kaminari since he knows what expression the blond is wearing and he doesn’t want to see it. He holds out the t-shirt to him. “Here. Now shut it.”

 

He feels Kaminari take the t-shirt and he ventures to look at him, the moment his head turns he feels soft lips against his own and closes his eyes slowly. As stupid as jumping around for a t-shirt was it did seem worth it to get a kiss from his boyfriend. Although, he could get a kiss any time but having made Kaminari so excited that he just had to kiss him was nice too. The two pulled away and a few of their friends were complaining they wanted the shirt. Kaminari grinned and looked back at them with a proud smile. 

 

“I’m going to treasure this forever.” Kaminari says with a dramatically dreamy tone.

 

“Stop, it’s just a t-shirt. You’ll probably get stains on it by the end of the week.”

 

Kaminari raises a finger to dispute the claim but he slowly puts it down and mumbles something. “I’ll treasure it!” he says indignantly and Bakugo just takes his hand and pulls him close.

 

“It’s a cheap t-shirt, treasure a nice gift.”

 

“You’re planning to get me something nice?” Kaminari asks with a cheeky grin and twinkling eyes.

 

“Well someday, when I’m rich as hell you’ll be getting nice gifts! It’ll be easy!” 

 

Kaminari laughs and gives Bakugo’s hand a squeeze. “So when you’re rich you’ll let me go to the Gucci store?”

 

“Those clothes are ridiculous and not worth the price but when we have stupid amounts of money, sure.”

 

“Wow~” Kaminari gave a low whistle. That was the dream alright, getting rich enough to spend it on things you don’t even need. It’s a nice thought but not something he really dreams of. He turns his head back to the parade and watches it happily, the colors and smiles on everyone’s faces makes him feel light on his feet. Bakugo’s hand is warm and it feels like they could live in this moment forever. 

 

The blond has been thinking about this for a while now. What with so much finally being resolved but only opening up new challenges he feels a bit uncertain and excited at the same time. He’s lucky he has Bakugo, he’s lucky he made it this far and it’s thanks to his friends and a very angry but supportive boyfriend. He couldn’t be more grateful and more sure of his feelings. He’s very bi and he’s very in love.

 

So, when the parade ends and everyone is migrating to the park Kaminari asks if they can walk around just the two of them for a bit. There’s so many people that it’ll be hard to be alone but that’s not what Kaminari needs. He just wants to be walking where it’s just the two of them, Bakugo shrugs and agrees as the others don’t seem to mind. The two deviate from the crowd a bit and start walking along the trail around the park.

 

“So, what’s up?” Bakugo asks, his tone surprisingly at ease, nonchalant and calm. He’s not demanding why they’re going on a detour but it might be because Bakugo doesn’t like being in big crowds so this was a welcome change.

“I just wanted to be alone for a bit.” Kaminari replies out of habit and curses himself for not being honest. He clicks his tongue and pulls Bakugo along so they’re under the shade of the a tree. He takes a deep breath and he can feel Bakugo’s scrutinizing gaze and he looks to see Bakugo staring at him. He knows his boyfriend, he knows Bakugo is a second away from telling him to spit it out.

 

“The first time I went to Pride- I was the happiest I’ve ever been. I learned a lot about myself and I met you and everything seemed to fit. I liked you then so I kind of see this place as our beginning...It really feels like this could be our one year anniversary!” He laughs a bit and takes both of Bakugo’s hands in his. “That’s why I just wanted to let you know that even though this last year was crazy and I things won’t be easy for us as we go through college, just know I mean this when I say, I love you.”

 

Bakugo flinches, his hands loosen up from Kaminari’s hold and slack back a bit but they don’t fall away. His eyebrows furrow for a second before he closes his eyes to let out a sigh. He grips Kaminari’s hands tightly in his and leans forward. “I already know that.”

 

Kaminari tilts his head with an expectant smile. 

 

Bakugo turns his head to the side and his eyes look over to Kaminari. “What? Do you expect me to say it?”

 

“Kinda! What!? You don’t feel the same!?”

 

Bakugo snaps his head towards Kaminari. “Who do you think you’re talking to!? I’m your damn boyfriend! Of course I love you!”

 

Kaminari laughs and removes his hands from Bakugo’s hold to put them on the taller males cheeks. He brings their faces together. “I know.” He says with a smirk and presses their lips together.

 

Bakugo gives an unamused grunt but he kisses back and wraps his arms around the others waist to pull him in closer.











Chapter End Notes
time skips will be happening more frequently now! We've covered one whole year of Bakukami! Kind of exciting.I'll highlight key points in the time between each pride as they hit each milestone!Bakugo is finally going to come out!


A Life Together
Chapter Notes
Time skips, life still has its ups and downs!Some loose threads get their cut!

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





Pride was amazing as always, and they all drove back to their homes. This would be a short break from each other because soon they will all be intertwined in each others lives. Kaminari said goodbye to his true family, Sero’s mother who made it seem like he was never a burden to them, Mina’s mothers who always loved and supported him, and maybe the most difficult to part ways with Aizawa and the rest. 
 
He hugged them each tightly because they were family to him, a real family to him. They took care of him, helped him understand things, taught him the value of hard work and contributing in a big family. It helps everyone to do your part and he’s learned to value that. They were never short of acceptance and patience, because Kaminari wasn’t good at a lot of things, he didn’t always do things the right way but he learned and got better. Midnight always coddled him and easily dismissed any accidents or mistakes he made while cleaning or working. Hizashi was a chill dude and obviously was doing his best to play the cool dad who let him get away with things and even inspired mischief. Aizawa was stern for good reason but he spoke calmly, he never raised his voice to anyone. 
 
He is a kind man, Kaminari knows that with every fiber of his being and it’s a shame the world thinks he’s some criminal. He hopes that will be solved soon but Aizawa doesn’t seem in a hurry to prove himself. 
 
The worst to say goodbye to was of course Eri, she cried and he cried, they were both sobbing messes. He held her tightly and gave her a bag full of apples since they were her favorite. He promised the next time they meet he will have a book for her and she hiccuped but nodded. It’ll be hard to stay in touch, they don’t have that much in the way of technology, just the library. She had an email account they made together and he promised to write to her email account as much as possible.
 
It was a pinky promise so he was locked in for life. 
[xxx]
Moving in was easy enough, all he had was a few boxes of his clothes and other random junk he’s collected. Sero dropped him off, they hugged and promised to have a pizza night after they get all moved in. Sero was off, he had an apartment with Todoroki about a mile away, Mina was living in a dorm in the University with Camie. They were still close but it all felt so faraway.
 
He walked into the apartment, the last time he was here it was completely empty but now it was snug with plenty of furniture for four grown men. It was going to be a tight squeeze sometimes but they’ll figure it out. Bakugo helped him bring his stuff to their room and the moment Kaminari saw the bed he jumped on it. He knew they were going to share a bed but now he’s finally seeing it in person. He laughs as it bounces a little then looks to Bakugo, he reaches out his hand and tugs on his shirt.
 
Bakugo sighs he should chide the other but he turns and moves to lay over Kaminari. He squishes his boyfriend which results in a giggle before it turns into a cough. “Too much!”

Bakugo smirks and moves to the side a bit but keeps Kaminari in his arms. “That’s what you wanted right?”
 
“This is what I wanted.” Kaminari turns and cuddles into the others arms as the two go silent. It’s calm, there’s only the mix of their breathing and the background noise of Kirishima and Tetsutetsu discussing something in their room. It’s quiet and comforting since Kaminari felt so anxious before.
 
“Katsuki…”
 
“Mn.”
 
“Are you excited?”
 
“For what?”
 
“To live together.”
 
“It’s not like we’re newlyweds moving to our first house.” They’re sharing the space with two idiots. “But, yeah I guess I am.”
 
“Me too.” Kaminari chuckles and leans his head up for a kiss.
 
Bakugo easily reciprocates it, the kiss starts sweet but gradually becomes heated. Kaminari lets his hand up and down Bakugo’s chest and abs and sighs at the feeling. Bakugo goes right to groping and massaging Kaminari’s ass and grinds into him. They both moan and it feels like they are really alone. They’re in their room, on their bed making out. Nothing could ruin this.
 
Except, two very well meaning dense football players called Kirishima and Tetsutetsu. Kirishima bangs on the door and the two lovebirds jolt. 
 
“What!?” Bakugo snaps.
 
“Hey man! We just wanted to show you our room! We got it all finished up! Is Kami awake?” Kirishima’s voice asks from behind the door.
 
“I’m up!” Kaminari laughs and gets up off the bed. Bakugo clicks his tongue but gets up as well as they open the door. Kirishima grins and takes Kaminari’s hand to lead him to their room. 
 
Kaminari gasps at the sight because it’s a bunk bed! He’s always wanted a bunk bed! He didn’t have any siblings so it was never something his parents would get him. He was jealous and he looked to Bakugo with an obvious upset gaze.
 
“Why didn’t you get us a bunk bed!?”
 
“Because I got the regular bed!”
 
“But we could get a bunk bed!”
 
“Well too bad! We have the bed and you’ll deal with it!” Bakugo huffs out with a scowl and leaves the room, Kaminari pouts for a bit before following after his boyfriend.
 
He walks over and hugs him. “I don’t really mind that we have a bed together.”
 
“I know, you’re just a drama queen.”
 
Kaminari tilts his head and purses his lips. “I’m not that bad.”
 
“Oh yeah?”
 
Kaminari pouts and then jumps on Bakugo’s back. “Yeah, I could be way worse.”
 
Bakugo grunts but holds Kaminari on his back and lets the other get a piggyback ride. Bakugo goes to the kitchen and gets out some water for them before walking to the living room area and forcing Kaminari off him. He plops down next to the other and turns the tv on. Kaminari cuddles into his side and despite this being all so new he thinks he might be able to handle it.
[xxx]
This would be the best football team in the state and competing to be the best college football team in the country. Everyone was gathered and that was a ton of guys in what is thankfully a huge locker room. The freshmen were told to sit in the front nearest the couch as he talked, it was a speech all about expectations, schedules and the do’s and don'ts.
 
Then it was introductions, names, major and a thing or two about themselves.
 
Kirishima volunteered to go first.  “Names Kirishima Eijirou! My best bro is Bakugo here and my boyfriend is Tetsutetsu!”
 
Everyone greeted him without hesitation and it went on. 
 
“My name is Todoroki Shouto, I like Soba and I have a boyfriend and his name is Hanta. I’m looking forward to playing together.”
 
“Yoarashi Inasa! I like bug catching and I don’t have a boyfriend but I’m interested in someone!”
 
“My name is Midoriya Izuku, I have an amazing girlfriend but I am bi! N-Nice to meet you all!”
 
“Hello everyone! I am Iida Tenya. I was voted class president at my high school! I’ve never dated before but I hope that changes in college!”
 
The coach smiled and nodded. “I guess we have a lot of LGBT this year, some of the older guys are LGBT but you’ll get to know each other later.” The coach looked to Bakugo and raised his brow.
 
Bakugo sighed. “I’m Bakugo Katsuki. I always win…” He pauses and his chest squeezes. Everyone else has come out, the coach won’t play them less but still there’s a part of him that wants to shut up. He grits his teeth and pushes through. “I have a boyfriend, to you guys he’s Kaminari. If you see him don’t try to flirt with him, I’ll kill you.”
 
Laughter echoes in the room. “Wow! Overprotective much!?” Someone shouts from the back.
 
“Maybe he’s just that cute!”
 
“Now we gotta meet him!”
 
More laughter echoes in the locker room and Bakugo turns to shout at them but he’s stopped by the coach when he clears his throat. “Alright alright, enough teasing. I’ll lay some ground rules first. I know you are all in college, you’re stepping into adulthood but you have to take this seriously. You’re one step closer to being pro players and need to treat this like a job. Relationships are going to part of your lives but when you’re in this locker room and on that field you’re focused on playing your best.” He looks to Kirishima and Tetsutetsu. “That means training time isn’t date time.”
 
The two blushed a bit and nodded. “Yes sir!” They shouted.
 
He chuckles and then prompts the rest of the team to get ready for practice and leaves them to it.
[xxx]
Rooming together with Kirishima and Tetsutetsu was a blessing and a curse. Rent was cheaper, the two were kind and fun guys to hang out with but also just as messy as any other young man was. They weren’t the brightest bulbs in the box but they had their strengths and it worked out when they all had to sit down and do homework. 
 
Bakugo was the ringleader, he was the smartest and therefor they went to him about any questions but he laid down the rule that they ask each other first before coming to him. Kaminari was good with literature, he was able to absorb what he read very well. Tetsutetsu had his strength in chemistry and Kirishima was moderate in most subjects. They would go to each other for help and if all three of them couldn’t figure it out they’d go to Bakugo. It was pretty helpful to have an in home study group but the two got on Bakugo’s nerves the most when it came to one thing.
 
It was probably a week in after they moved when Bakugo told the idiots to go out for the night and don’t get home until later. He and Kaminari were going to have their first time and he didn’t need those two idiots making noise in the background. The two complied to his wishes, they were bros after all and went out for a movie. 
 
Bakugo was sure that would be plenty of time but Kaminari was nervous, they researched everything they needed to know. Cleanliness and preparations were big things and they finally seemed ready. It took a while to calm Kaminari’s nerves, a lot of foreplay and kissing was involved. Bakugo didn’t hate that, no, he liked making Kaminari squirm under him but they didn’t have all the time in the world. 
 
Bakugo had a lot of pride in his abilities and he was aware his dick was above average. He knew that it’d take time to get Kaminari ready for it but they were both ready and willing. It took a couple tries, Kaminari was tight but eventually Bakugo could go all the way in without feeling like his dick was going to be yanked off. 
 
He knows this doesn’t feel good for Kaminari, it’s probably a bit painful but Bakugo is a genius and can do everything he tries correctly so they could make it work. He knew Kaminari’s body well, he knew where to kiss and suck that would make him feel good. He jerked him off as he started to move and he made sure to find Kaminari’s prostate and press around there to make all the pain seem worth it. 
 
It started going really well, Kaminari was getting into it and Bakugo could go a bit faster. They were really starting to make love and it was right then that Bakugo could hear voices. It irked him to no end that they were back so soon. He kissed Kaminari to keep him quiet. They were in his room, the door was shut so the two idiots should know not to disturb them but they were loud. He could hear them talking, they were messing around in the kitchen, they turned on the tv. 
 
Bakugo was tempted to stop and tell them to shut the hell up but he noticed how Kaminari has gotten excessively redder.
 
“You actually turned on by people being around?” Bakugo asks with a small smirk.
 
“S-Shut up. I’m just embarrassed.” He whispers with a pout.
 
Bakugo rolls his eyes. “I’m hurt, you’re embarrassed of me?”
 
“You know that’s not what I-!” Kaminari let out a hitched moan then covered his mouth. Bakugo smirks and hits the same spot over and over again because even with the two idiots close by he can still focus on turning Kaminari into a mess.
[xxx]
They had their first big fight a few months in. Kaminari got home from school, he didn’t have a shift that evening so he flopped onto the bed and fell asleep. He was out like a light and slept for a few hours. When he woke up it was night out and he groggily got his phone out to check the time. He walked through the apartment to see that no one was around which was a little odd because usually they’d be done with practice by now and be home. 
 
[Kaminari] Where r u?
 
[Bakugo] hanging with the team. We’ll be home later.
 
Kaminari didn’t bother replying, he felt a strange twist in his gut and a sadness creep into him. He decided to text Sero about hanging out but Sero said he was with Todoroki. He texted Mina and she said she was with Camie hanging out with some friends, they were all at some party.
 
Kaminari grumbled and sat down on the couch as it finally just bubbled up and he started crying. School was hard, work was hard and he was alone while everyone else was out partying. Why didn’t he get invited? Did Bakugo not want to hang out with in public, still?
 
Kaminari was so proud when Bakugo said he came out to the team, a lot of the guys on his team are some form of LGBT and he felt comfortable enough to come out. He finally felt like his future wouldn’t be on the line if he did. Kaminari smiled and kissed him and everything seemed right in the world but this made him uncertain.
 
He had no one to talk to. He was all alone now, who does he talk to when his boyfriend and the only friends he has are all off doing their own thing without him? He sniffles and wipes at his tears, the onslaught of emotion from a stressful life has made it difficult to keep it together sometimes. He wasn’t sure what to do with these feelings or how to fix them. Does he have any right to tell Bakugo not to go hang out with his team? They’re boyfriends but Bakugo is still allowed to have a social life, it just sucks that Kaminari has no one to turn to now.
 
 It sucks but he feels like he can’t confront this so he tries to distract himself with video games.He plays for a few more hours then notices that it’s past midnight and grimances. He did take a nap but he still feels so tired so he decides to head back to bed. He flops down and lays on his side in the fetal position and tries to think of anything else but these icky feelings he has.
 
When the three come home their loud voices wake him up and it annoys him greatly, they’re so damn loud and it’s almost 2am. Bakugo walks into the room and goes to the bathroom to shower, he comes back and gets in bed. He drapes his arm over Kaminari.
 
“Babe.”
 
“Mn.”
 
“I’m home.”
 
“...mhm.” he pretends to be too sleepy to be coherent enough for words and keeps his eyes closed.
 
The next morning they’re all getting up and getting ready for the day. Kaminari gets his stuff and takes his bus pass out and heads to the door quickly.
 
“Hey, you didn’t eat anything dumbass!” Bakugo calls from the kitchen with a stern gaze.
 
“Oh, I’ll get something at school. Bye.” He hurries out the door and Kirishima and Tetsutetsu look to Bakugo clearly confused.
 
“Don’t look at me, I don’t know what’s his problem.”
 
It goes quiet and Kirishima and Tetsutetsu look to each other before looking to their bowls of cereal. It doesn’t sit will for Kirishima, he knows when someone is acting off and Kaminari is definitely acting off. He can feel Bakugo’s anxiety mounting despite the other trying to look unbothered by it. 
 
Kirishima texts Sero right away and lets him know that Kaminari was acting different and to keep an eye on him for anything strange. Sero agrees readily because out of everyone he should know Kaminari the best, boyfriends be damned. He keeps an eye on the other the whole day, he can tell Kaminari is a bit more quiet than usual but nothing extremely alarming. He’s eating and talking like his usual self but he knows Kaminari is one to keep things in when he’s trying to process something.
 
After school Kaminari goes to work at a froyo shop and sighs as he stands behind the cash register and greets people. Thankfully it’s self service and all he has to do is offer sample cups and charge people. There’s cleaning and such in the back but nothing too crazy. 
 
It’s late and he could call Bakugo to come pick him up but he doesn’t want to see him so soon. He’s an independent man, he knows how to take the bus. He doesn’t need no ride!
 
Soon enough he finds himself on the bus heading home. He walks to apartment, he opens the door with a yawn and he looks to see Bakugo getting up from the couch with fire in his eyes. “What’s your problem!?”
 
“Hey woah! Just welcome me home!” Kaminari retorts back and puts his bag down on the dining table.
 
“I texted you! I called you! Why the hell didn’t you answer!? I could have picked you up!”
 
“My phone was on silent! I didn’t see and I just felt like taking the bus okay! Is that a crime!?”
 
Bakugo inhales sharply and turns away, he walks to the kitchen, throws open the fridge door, grabs a container and puts it on the table. “Here’s fucking dinner.” He snaps.
 
“I’m not hungry.” Kaminari lies and Bakugo knows he’s lying because Kaminari is always hungry after work. 
 
“What the fuck, Denki.”
 
“I’m just not hungry!”
 
“Because I cooked it!? Is that it!?”
 
“No!” Yes. “I-I need to shower!” He hurries past the other and goes to their bathroom. 
 
Bakugo plops himself down in the chair and groans in frustration.
 
“Bro…” Kirishima’s voice calls from the couch. “I told you not to jump him right when he got in.”
 
“I know! I’m just so fucking pissed! It’s like he’s trying to avoid me!”
 
“Just ask him about it...calmly dude.” Kirishima offers and Tetsutetsu nods along.
 
Bakugo scowls and walks to their room and sits at the edge of the bed to wait for Kaminari. He can tell Kaminari is taking his time in the shower but they need to talk about this and there’s no getting away from it. 
 
When Kaminari does come out Bakugo gives him a look, the smaller blond has a towel around his waist and looks apprehensive at Bakugo.
 
“This is my room too.” Bakugo comments.
 
“I know…” Kaminari walks over to the closet and starts getting out his pajamas.
 
“Denki.” It takes some willpower but he keeps his tone even. “What is going on?”
 
“Noth-”
 
“Don’t say nothing, I know that’s a lie.” 
 
Kaminari puts his t-shirt on and then his boxers. “I just felt like doing stuff on my own.”
 
“You’re avoiding me.”
 
“I’m not avoiding you.” Kaminari says quickly and Bakugo gets up from the bed and walks over to him. 
 
“Then look at me.”
 
Kaminari pauses but he knows if he doesn’t look at Bakugo then he’s only proving what the other says. He turns to look at him but he can’t hold eye contact with Bakugo especially when he stares so intensely. 
 
“You can’t even look at me.”
 
Kaminari lifts his head quickly and his eyebrows are furrowed together with a look of conflict. Bakugo pauses before shaking his head. “If you don’t tell me what’s going on I can’t help. I can’t read your mind.” 
 
Kaminari goes quiet and steps back. “It’s really nothing, and I’m tired. Good night.”
 
He walks past Bakugo or at least tries but Bakugo catches his arm. “If you’re not going to speak up you don’t have bed privileges.”
 
“What!?”
 
“You heard me. Dumb and dumber have a bunk bed and there’s a couch. Take your pick.”
 
Kaminari’s eyes water and he yanks his arm away before storming out of the bedroom. He grabs a blanket from the closet and goes to the living room. Kirishima and Tetsutetsu are still there watching tv. They pause and look to Kaminari.
 
“Do you wanna-”
 
“Know I don’t. It’s stupid anyways.”
 
Well that’s a start, Kirishima gives him a small smile and pats the seat next to him. “What’s so stupid?”
 
“Me.”
 
“You’re not stupid, if there’s something bothering you then it’s bothering you.” Kirishima says, his wonderful wisdom shining through. 
 
Kaminari nods and tears pool at the corners of his eyes. “It’s so stupid, I feel so embarrassed and if I tell him he’s going to think I’m crazy.”
 
“You can tell us, we won’t think your crazy. We promise.” Tetsutetsu offers and Kaminari shakes his head.
 
“I think I’m just tired…”
 
“School and work must be stressful so just know we’re always here for you.”
 
“Yeah, thanks guys.” He gives a shaky smile and the two get up to get ready for bed. Kaminari sighs and flops down on the couch. His stomach feels horrible, he’s honestly not hungry anymore, he wants to tell the truth but he’s ashamed to say it and it’s only making things worse.




The next couple days are more of the same except gradually getting worse. Kaminari refuses to let anyone know what’s bothering him and Bakugo refuses to let him sleep in the same bed as him. Kaminari’s neck is suffering for it but he can’t help how his tongue seems to go dry at the thought of revealing the truth.
 
It’s friday night, he’s working and it’s pretty busy since lots of teens and young adults are here to finish their evening. He sighs and greets everyone with a smile but it really eats at him seeing all these couples. When it’s finally closing time and he’s alone he looks at his phone and see’s he’s got a call from Mina. It’s just him and one other dude who he’s relatively chill with and knows isn’t a stick in the mud about rules. He decides to call her and he hears party music in the background when she picks up.
 
“Kami!”
 
“Mina, hey, wassup?”
 
“We’re all hanging out having a party! You should come!”
 
“...Oh Uhm...I’m tired.”
 
“Kami come on! It’s been forever since you’ve been out! You’ve been like super down so this will lift your spirits.”
 
“N-No, I’m good.”
 
“Your boyfriend is here~ You guys can get drunk and make out!”
 
“He’s always there.”
 
“Huh?”
 
“Nothing.” He answers quickly. 
 
“Kami, you really should come, you can just chill. Bakugo actually looks really lonely here without you.”
 
“Yeah? Well, I doubt it.”
 
“What’s up man? It’s not like you to sound so bitter like that.”
 
“I’m not- It’s just-” He looks to his co-worker who is waiting for him to finish up so they can get out of there. “Mina, I gotta go.” He hangs up and gives the other an apologetic smile.
 
They finish wiping things down and lock the door before heading home. He takes the bus back to his apartment and the minute he gets in and puts his stuff down he feels like crying so he does. He sits on the couch and cries into his hand with sad defeated whimpers straining through his lips. 
 
He doesn’t realize someone is there or that the person approaches him. It’s not until they plop down on the couch next to him does he realize he’s not alone and it scares the crap out of him. He screams out and jolts away as he looks to see it’s Bakugo, he relaxes but not much. He’s glad it’s not some stranger with a knife.
 
“Denki.” His voice is stern. “I don’t know how you got it in your dumb head I don’t want to hang out with you but you need to forget that.” Bakugo takes Kaminari’s hand in his and squeezes it.
 
Kaminari remains silent and sniffles. “I just-” His throat squeezes and he feels tears threatening to fall. “I got home and felt so left out and alone.”
 
Bakugo sighs and pulls Kaminari’s head over to rest on his shoulder. “If you were upset you should have told me from the beginning.”
 
“But I shouldn’t be upset! I shouldn’t care if you got out and have fun with the others!” He wails out as he grips Bakugo’s shirt.
 
“Yeah, you shouldn’t. You think I’d cheat on you or something?”
 
“N-No!” Kaminari says quickly. “I don’t think that at all!”
 
Bakugo takes a deep breath and pats his head. “Good, I’d have to kick your ass if you thought I’d ever cheat.” 
 
The two remain silent for a bit aside from a couple sniffles from Kaminari once in a while. Kirishima and Tetsutetsu come back but Bakugo gives them a look and they walk past and go to their room. Bakugo turns to pull Kaminari in his arms and picks him up to bring him to bed with him. Kaminari cuddles close under his chin and they hold onto each other. 
 
“I’m sorry.” Kaminari murmurs.
 
“Don’t be. You felt lonely and I’m your boyfriend so I should have made sure you’d never feel like that.”
 
“Everyone was out having fun without me so I just felt so lame.”
 
“Next time let’s go together then. It’s not anything crazy, they aren’t big house parties so don’t get your hopes up.”
 
“That’s fine, I just want to be with you.” He answers and Bakugo kisses his forehead.
 
“That’s fine by me.”
[xxx]
The next big event during their first year living together was when they were sitting on the couch one lazy Saturday morning and on the news there was a report that Kai Chisaki was arrested for his illegal drug business, money laundering and many other offenses. When Kaminari saw it he shot up from his seat. “That’s the guy that Aizawa beat up! He was the one that was using Eri to go do the drug sales!”
 
“Really!?” Kirishima and Tetsutetsu shout in shock.
 
“Glad he’s finally getting what’s coming to him.” Bakugo says with a smirk and Kaminari rushes over to get the laptop.
 
“I gotta email Eri!” He sat down and started his message, he’s pretty sure they wouldn’t be watching the news so unless they heard it from word of mouth or got a newspaper they wouldn’t know what happened. Aizawa would probably do well to know about it too, he was the one that lost his job and credibility because he beat up the dude. 
 
Kaminari was ecstatic and after he sent the email he walked over and flopped over his boyfriend who let out a grunt. Kaminari got his phone out and texted Sero and Mina the news as well, he kicked his feet back and forth before looking to Bakugo. “Lets have pizza tonight!”
 
Kirishima and Tetsutetsu perked up and eagerly offered to chip in.
 
Bakugo raised an eyebrow and sighed. “Fine, we’ll order some pizza tonight.”
 
“We should get some wings too.” Tetsutetsu added.
 
“A couple sodas!” Kaminari cheers.
 
Bakugo rolls his eyes, it’s like he’s a mother of three very big stupid kids but he loves them so he’ll have to deal with them, like a mother would. He puts his hand on Kaminari’s head and sits back as he continues to watch the tv. “We’ll be going back to visit them during winter break, you got the book ready for Eri?”
 
“A-Almost! It’s almost done! I just gotta edit and fix some stuff and print it all out then it’ll be done.”
 
“You’re even doing the art for it right?”
 
Kaminari chuckles and looks away shyly. “I’m trying but horses aren’t really my thing.”
 
“You had to pick a unicorn.”
 
“Well she likes unicorns!”
 
“Unicorns are cool man.” Kirishima adds with a grin.
 
“Yeah they’re pretty cool, especially the one I’m writing.” Kaminari replies proudly.
 
“Sure, just don’t wait until the last minute. It’ll be a few weeks but it goes by quickly.”
 
And boy did those few weeks come and go, Kaminari was scrambling last minute to finish the book for Eri. He had it written that was done on time but the art and getting it all together to look like a proper book took more research and time than he had anticipated, luckily Bakugo was there to help him and they had it all finished before they drove back with everyone. Mina and Sero were going back to visit family and in a way so was Kaminari.
 
The drive wasn’t too long and Bakugo and Kaminari returned to the abandoned building that the homeless group was usually hanging in. The moment they come to a stop Kaminari runs out and enters the building, he spokes some of them but when he see’s Midnight all is right. She shouts and runs to hug him and he gladly opens his arms and accepts it. 
 
“It’s so good to see you!”
 
“It’s good to see you too! Hey, is Eri around? I got her book!”
 
Her eyes widen and she begins to laugh. “I’m afraid you have the wrong place!”
 
Kaminari tilts his head a bit and blinks. “What do you mean?”
 
She opens her hand out and Kaminari gives her his phone, and she takes it to start typing out an address. “Go here~” She kisses his cheek and saunters off.
 
Kaminari stares at the address for a moment and is confused but he walks out and see’s Bakugo waiting out front. He walks to him and shows him the address. Bakugo tilts his head a  bit and just walks back to the car. They get in and they drive to the address listed, they find themselves at an apartment complex and it dawns on Kaminari that there was an apartment number in that address.
 
“Oh fuck...oh fuck, no way.” He’s shaking with happiness and he hurries to get out of the car once again the moment it’s parked. Bakugo takes his hand and gives it a squeeze. He gives him a look and Kaminari takes a deep breath. 
 
The two make their way through the apartment complex and stand in front of the door. Bakugo knocks and they wait in tense silence for a moment. It’s all about 10 seconds before the door opens and a girl with silver eyes and bright pink red eyes peers to the side with a curious gaze. “Who is-” She gasps and a smile breaks over her features and instantly lights her up like a star. “Denki!”
 
“Eri!” He cries and rush to hug her. He nuzzles her affectionately and looks past her into the apartment. Aizawa is there, he’s got his hair back in a ponytail, a black t-shirt and he’s smiling at them. Mic is there too, he’s grinning ear to ear.
 
“I see you found us.” Aizawa says with a soft amused tone.
 
“Yeah, why didn’t you tell me?” He asks as he slowly lets her go and stands up.
 
“Wanted to surprise you.” Aizawa shrugs and walks to the kitchen to make some tea for them.
 
“Well!?” Eri huffs and places her hands on her hips, she’s looking at him expectantly and Kaminari pauses before Bakugo nudges him with the book and it clicks. 
 
“Oh! One book specially made just for you!” He hands it to her and she looks at it with awe.
 
She smiles and returns to hugging Kaminari. “I wouldn’t have been mad if you didn’t make it. I know college is hard.”
 
“It’s tough but I always got time to write about a unicorn!”
 
She giggles and looks at the book fondly. “I can’t wait to read it! Let’s read it together! No spoilers!” 
 
Kaminari grins and looks to Bakugo. “What do you think, Katsuki?”
 
“Might as well since we drove all the way here.” He says with a snort and the two get settled in as Aizawa hands them a cup of tea. Eri sits on his lap and opens the book to start reading, Kaminari leans against Bakugo who remains quiet as the two bond.







Chapter End Notes
so! expect chapters to be like this! I'm going to highlight important moments in their lives. It's their firsts or just things that have changed them, made them stronger!


Chapter 33
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Kaminari was oblivious to people who liked him, he was friendly and a bit flirty but only in a friendly good natured way. When someone reciprocated he figured they were like him and were just joking around. He didn’t know that anyone could be serious about liking him and sense he was taken he never looked into anything.
 
After winter break things slowly but surely warmed up and the frozen yogurt shop got busier and they hired a couple more part timers. One guy, a really chill fun dude took to Kaminari almost right away and the blond thought they were becoming good friends. They had quite a few things in common and got along well at work which made time go by faster. Kaminari liked it and really didn’t see any harm in it but Bakugo did.
 
Now, Bakugo didn’t care much when Kaminari brought up he made another friend at work. That wasn’t the issue but when Bakugo and their friends would visit for froyo and Bakugo saw how that other guy looked at Kaminari when he wasn’t looking that’s when things got tense. He didn’t like how the guy openly lusted after Kaminari, he was practically undressing him with his eyes, at least that’s what Bakugo told him.
 
Kaminari asked Sero and Mina to watch if that was true the next time they were around. They did and they admitted to seeing the other watching Kaminari closely but nothing like how Bakugo described. That pissed him off. Kaminari was loyal, he’d never dream of leaving Bakugo or cheating on him with his co-worker. He’s not attracted to him at all so Bakugo didn’t have anything to worry about.
 
But, he did. Bakugo had a lot to worry about because his boyfriend was a huge idiot. Whenever Kaminari closed Bakugo came there early to wait for him. He didn’t trust the guy. He’s not sure if he’s a serial killer or just an asshole with a crush, either one is bad. Bakugo has made it obvious that they’re going out, he’s even gone so far as to kiss Kaminari in front of the other guy. That might have made things worse if he didn’t know better.
 
The guy in question may not have known if Kaminari was gay or not but seeing him kiss a guy cleared up that question and gave the guy the green light to be more forward. Some people don’t care if the person they like is in a relationship. It’s almost impressive if it wasn’t so fucked up.
 
This guy.
 
This fucking guy was one of those people. 
 
One night Kaminari was closing down the and Bakugo’s practice was running late. The guy decided to hang out to wait with him for his ride like a gentleman. They talked and joked around and suddenly Kaminari was pulled in for a kiss. His eyes widened and his brain blue screened for a second before he was pushing away.
 
“D-Dude! Where the hell did that come from!?”
 
“I thought we were having a fun time.” There’s a gentle laugh, it seems so easy and light.
 
“We were! As friends! I have a boyfriend!”
 
“Oh yeah, mister hot shot from the university. He’s a handsome dude, really busy though, right?”
 
Kaminari stared hard as reached in his pockets, he grabbed his phone and squeezed. “Yeah, we’re college students so we get busy but he’s still my boyfriend.”
 
“That’s cool, I get that.” He answers and Kaminari’s head is left spinning. 
 
“Th-Then-”
 
“Kami, you’re freakin cute and pretty sexy. Everyone hooks up in college and I might not be as cool as your boyfriend but we get along and I can see us having some fun.”
 
“I- look, I’m flattered but I’m really not into that kind of stuff. I want to be faithful to him.” Because he loves him, he has no desire for anyone else like that.
 
“Don’t know unless you try.” The guy snakes an arm around Kaminari’s waist and the blond looks to the parking lot. He can’t see Bakugo’s car anywhere and he gulps a bit before stumbling back.
 
“I’m good. I just wanna be friends, that’s enough fun for me.” He laughs good naturedly and continues walking backwards. 
 
“Aww Kami, don’t run away.” 
 
“I’m not!” He stops abruptly but the desire to run out of there mounts. 
 
“I won’t force you to sleep with me man but I’ll be waiting. When you’re bored and horny you know you can call on me.” He laughs, again it’s so easy going as if they’re talking about their favorite tv show and not casual sex behind his boyfriend’s back.
 
It kind of pisses him off this guy is acting like his relationship with Bakugo is so flimsy . “No.” He says sternly. “I’m not gonna sleep with you. I don’t want you to think I’ll even consider it, man.”
 
“Ouch.” The guy winces but he’s smiling all the same as if he doesn’t believe Kaminari.
 
Thankfully Bakugo finally pulls into the parking lot and Kaminari is quick to hurry to the car. Bakugo stops but his eyebrows are knit together the moment he see’s Kaminari’s frantic expression. Kaminari gets in the car and Bakugo waits until he’s buckled in before he starts on their drive home.
 
“What the hell happened.”
 
“Katsu-” Kaminari pauses and looks out the window. “It’s nothing too crazy but I should wait to tell you. I don’t want us getting into an accident.”
 
“Did that fucker touch you?”
 
“No…”
 
He can tell he’s lying and Bakugo’s grip on the steering wheel tightens. His nostrils flare and his gaze becomes murderous. 
 
“Katsuki, babe. As much as dying with you would make for a romantic cliche I really want to make it home.”
 
Bakugo grits his teeth and looks at the speedometer, it reads 67 and while that isn’t particularly fast, this is a 45 mph zone. He lets his foot off the gas a bit and does get them back home safe and sound. Kaminari takes his hand and they go to their room to sit and talk on the bed.
 
“So what fucking happened?” Bakugo spits, pure venom in his tone.
 
This was another reason Kaminari didn’t want to tell him while they were still on the road, if he did then Bakugo might have driven back just to run the guy over.
 
“Me and my co-worker were talking and then he just kind of kissed me. I freaked out and he just seemed so-” Kaminari pauses and reaches to take Bakugo’s hands in his. “Babe, babe...I pushed him away, I swear.”
 
“That bastard-”
 
“I told him I don’t want to do anything with him. I’m loyal to you, you’re my boyfriend and I only want to do things with you.”
 
“Wait, what else did he say to you!?”
 
“Well, he kind of offered for casual hooks up but again I fully explained that you’re my one and only!”
 
Bakugo inhaled sharply, he was angry, he was besides himself with rage. He knew this would happen, he knew that fucker would come on to Kaminari, he knew he’d try to make a move but that still didn’t make it any better. He wanted to go pummel him, he wanted to break his goddamn face in.
 
“I’m going to quit my job.” Kaminari says softly.
 
Bakugo’s angered expression falls and stunned bewilderment replaces it. “What?”
 
“I’m going to quit my job, I can’t work with that guy and I can’t really change my work schedule. I’ll find something else but it might take a while.”
 
Bakugo pauses and yeah that would solve this problem here but at the same time he doesn’t like it. It’s that guy who should quit, not Kaminari. He pulls Kaminari into his lap and holds him close as he mules over his options, he’s angry and wants to rip the guys throat out but he’s at least got the maturity to not do that.
 
“I’m gonna talk to the bastard.”
 
“Katsuki-” Kaminari warns.
 
“I’m not gonna fight him! Just gonna give him a fucking warning. You shouldn’t have to quit but if he touches you again you’re reporting his ass.” He then mutters something about hitting the guy with a bat.
 
“I wouldn’t want you to get kicked of the team or suspended because of a stupid fight. How about I apply to some other places in the meantime and keep working. If another place hires me then I can quit then…”
 
Bakugo gave a hum, that was pretty smart on Kaminari’s part and he was proud of his boyfriend but still it didn’t feel right for Kaminari to have to be the one to quit. “Do you like working there?”
 
“Well, it’s pretty easy work so it’s not bad but I don’t mind doing something else. Not like frozen yogurt is my passion.” He says with a small snort and turns to give Bakugo’s cheek a kiss.
 
“I guess you can look if you want but don’t think you have to quit. If he touches you tell the manager and we’ll get his ass fired.”
 
“I got it I got it!” He laughs and turns to hug his boyfriend who sighs into the embrace. Bakugo’s arms are around his waist but his hand travels down his side and along Kaminari’s thigh. It swoops in and he cups Kaminari’s groin and begins to rub it. 
 
Kaminari moans out the others name with a laugh and they quickly kiss as Bakugo positions them with Kaminari laying back on the bed and Bakugo looming over him. Golden eyes glimmer with anticipation and a smirk tugs at his lips. “Your jealousy making your horny?” Kaminari questions with evident mirth in his tone.
 
“Fuck off.” Bakugo snaps but he’s smirking and he crashes his lips against Kaminari’s for good measure so he can keep whatever come back he has from being voiced.
 
The next day Bakugo makes good on his word and he’s there before Kaminari finishes up his shift. Bakugo foregoes showering at school to be here on time and he waits to see that asshole leave. Kaminari and the guy walk out of the shop and Kaminari is locking it up, the guy is talking with him with a big smile on his face and Bakugo frowns as he gets out of the car. He walks forward and the two look at him, Bakugo of course has his eyes set on one thing.

 

“Guess I’ll see yah.” Kaminari’s co-worker says with a laugh and turns to leave.

 

“Not so fast fuck face!” Bakugo roars which causes the guy to stop in his tracks.

 

“I’ve got a name.”

 

“I don’t fucking care. Now, don’t go running off, I’m not gonna kill you but I have something to tell you.”

 

“I think I know the gist of it. I won’t touch your precious boyfriend. He’s a real cutie but I’m not a rapist.” The guys defends quickly with a shrug. 

 

“Don’t fucking touch him or say anymore stupid shit about hooking up.”

 

“Sir, yes sir~” He whistles with his hands up and backs away slowly. “Now, I’m gonna go home. Night fellas.”

 

Kaminari walks over to Bakugo and takes his hand in his. “I’m surprised you didn’t get in at least one punch.”

 

“Do you want me to punch him?”

 

“Ah- well, it’d be super hot but I think we’re good. He’s not a bad guy I think, he just doesn’t see relationships as a closed deal kind of thing.”

 

“Fucker, just because he’s fine with an open relationship doesn’t mean others are.” Bakugo spits out and leads Kaminari to the car.

 

“Yeah, he’s crazy but I talked to him and he seemed fine with giving me space. He doesn’t have any feelings for me so it’s not like he’s hell bent on having me. I’ll be honest, it is flattering that someone thinks I’m cute…”

 

Bakugo gets in the car and raises a brow. “What the fuck?”

 

“Not like in a weird way. I’m just not used to people finding me attractive.”

 

“You’re not fucking ugly, Denki. What are you talking about?” Bakugo started the car and kept his eye on the road which was better than staring at his boyfriend like he’s grown another head.

 

“But people don’t try to flirt with me! I don’t get anyone trying to ask me out-- except for this guy.”

 

“You’re so oblivious. You’re going to make me worry about you more than I already do. I thought you grew out of that!”

 

“What do you mean!?” Kaminari retorts quickly.

 

“There’s people that definitely have crushes on you and think you’re cute and I bet people have tried to flirt with you and go on dates with you without you realizing it since you’re so dense!”

 

“I doubt it! I can admit I got a cute face but girls and guys don’t find me that appealing.”

 

“I do so what are you trying to say?” Bakugo turns his head with a raised brow and Kaminari goes silent.

 

The smaller blond blushes and looks down at his lap. “I still have a hard time imagining anyone seriously into me. Since we’ve started dating I guess it became even harder to imagine. I mean- I have you so anyone else’s attention just seems like a waste. I feel bad for them really.”

 

Bakugo snorts as he turns to watch the road. “Listen, there’s people who think you’re cute. Some people will mind their damn business and there will be some like that asshole who will get way too in your face about it.”






“That’s weird…” Kaminari laughs to himself and Bakugo smiles gently but doesn’t say anything more. 

 

Kaminari is such a bright light, he’s so easy going and always cracking jokes it’s sometimes easy to forget he doesn’t think so highly of himself as he might pretend to. He see’s that he’s mediocre in terms of physical attraction and wins points with his personality. It’s true that it’s easy to feel comfortable with Kaminari quickly thanks to his personality but he is a stunning guy. Bakugo realizes time and time again how lucky he is to have such a cute boyfriend.

 

When they get home Bakugo goes to shower and Kaminari hurries to the fridge to warm up some leftovers. He’s halfway finished when Bakugo comes out and the ash blond male sighs and sits down across from Kaminari in just his sweatpants.

 

“Hey, I gotta question for you.”

 

“Mn.” Bakufo looks at his plate and begins to eat, even though it’s luke warm by now he doesn’t have the energy to get up and reheat it.

 

“People still try to get with you right? LIke the cheerleaders and even dudes on your team?”

 

“Most everyone knows I’m gay but I guess some girls still haven’t got the memo. As far as dudes none of them are interested in me.”

 

“You know that for sure?”

 

“Yeah, I know for damn sure there’s not a guy on that team that wants to sleep with me. Even if there was I wouldn’t give a damn about them.”

 

“Because you have little ol me at home~”

 

“Well yeah and also they’re all fucking ugly.”

 

Kaminari laughs. “Kirishima and Tetsutetsu would have some words! Todoroki too! He’s a handsome guy!”

 

Bakugo rolls his eyes, he supposed he didn’t mean those guys but he wasn’t about to take back what he said. He finishes up his food and takes the paper plate to the trash before putting the fork he used in the sink. Kaminari joined him as they made their way back to their room and the smaller blond leans over to give Bakugo a kiss on the cheek before he goes to take a shower too.

 

Eventually they both collapse onto the bed and Kaminari cuddles up to Bakugo’s side and nuzzles into his chest. Bakugo runs his hand up and down Kaminari’s back in a soothing motion and the two are quick to pass out from a long day.

 

Summer was on the horizon, Bakugo’s coach has informed Bakugo that scouts are looking at him and a few others on the team. It’s his chance to go pro by the next year and he will have to consider his life and future because pro players don’t really have other jobs, being an athlete is the job and he might be asked to move too.

 

Bakugo figured it was him, Todoroki, Inasa, and that annoying Midoriya guy who were the top of the list. It would be nice if Kirishima were there too but he’s not so sure about Kirishima, he knows he’s a great player but he might not be what the scouts are looking for. There was no way for him to really know and he had to talk this over with Kaminari. 

 

They weren’t married but their lives were intertwined and he was determined to keep it like that for as long as these feelings last. He got home early one day and picked Kaminari up from school and they went out for burgers.

 

“What’s the occasion?” Kaminari asks with a grin as he settles in and orders a soda.

 

“The coach told me I might be getting scouted for a pro team.”

 

“Dude, that’s great news!”

 

Bakugo nods but he crosses his arms and leans back in his seat. Kaminari tilts his head a bit.

 

“Is it good news?”

 

“It is…”

 

“You don’t sound like you got good news.”

 

“Well, it’s going to be my career.”

 

“You never thought you’d play football for a career? I guess that is kind of startling despite being cool.” Kaminari reaches for Bakugo’s hand and the ash blond sighs and takes Kaminari’s hand in his. “If you don’t want to do it and want another job I’d support you.”

 

“I know.”

 

“Then do you want to be a pro football player? Something else? You never really talked about what job you wanted. You’re really good at chemistry stuff but you’re good at pretty much everything.”

 

Bakugo snorts and gives Kaminari’s hand a squeeze. “I guess doing something in sciences would be fun. I could be a cop or firefighter but I don’t mind being a pro player.”

 

“The world is your oyster babe.”

 

Bakugo rolls his eyes with a smile. “Yeah…” He pauses and looks to the waitress coming over to them with their drinks. She sets them down and asks if they’re ready to order which they aren’t but Kaminari asks for some chips and salsa to start them off. She leaves to go get that and Kaminari looks to Bakugo with a smile.

 

“Something else on your mind?”

 

“I might have to move.”

 

“I’ll come with you.”

 

“You sure?”

 

“Yeah, you’re my babe. Love of my life. I mean, I’ll miss the fuck out of Sero, Mina and all the rest but-”

 

“It’s not likely we’ll be moving too far.” Bakugo interrupts quickly and Kaminari nods.

 

“This is all ifs babe! Just don’t worry about me though. If you wanna join and we gotta move then we gotta move.”

 

Bakugo gives his hand a squeeze and he looks at Kaminari’s genuine smile and his chest feels lighter. When the waitress comes back they pull their hands away so she can place the food and Kaminari is quick to order his burger and Bakugo orders one as well. The future seems always just out of reach and it’s hard to tell what’s going to happen but they have each other which is all that matters in the end. 

 

It’s finally the day they were anticipating all year, Pride, this would be their third pride and honestly their friend group has gotten even bigger. They were their own mini army or squad as Kaminari liked to call it.

 

The main group of Kaminari, Bakugo, Sero, Mina, and Kirishima were the original squad

Tetsutetsu, Todoroki, Inasa, and Camie were still new members but now they have a few more newbies that joined.

 

Iida, Midoriya and Uraraka have joined in and there was no denying that two hotel rooms were required. Luckily, Todoroki and Iida seemed to have a lot of money so those expenses were covered.

 

It was a bright sunny day, Kaminari’s favorite day out of the year if he’s honest and he’s in the bathroom getting ready. Bakugo went for a jog in the morning with Kirishima and Tetsutetsu while Mina, Sero, Todoroki and Camie were here to hang out and also get ready.

 

Mina and Camie were trying to do Todoroki’s makeup so Kaminari knew he needed to hurry up so they don’t jump on him next. He didn’t do anything crazy, some eyeliner, and eyeshadow. One eye had red, orange yellow while the other green, blue, purple so he can have the rainbow. His bi-flag crop top was a must and he had on some black biker shorts and sneakers that light up.

 

He didn’t hear the girls anymore so he knew they got Todoroki to submit to them and he walked out of the bathroom to go check when he was stopped by the sight of his boyfriend standing in their room. 

 

“Thought you were going for a run!”

 

“I did…” Bakugo pulled from behind his back a bouquet of flowers, they’re sunflowers, perfect for the summer and very stunning.

 

“What’s this for?”

 

“Our anniversary, idiot.”

 

“Our-” Kaminari flushed bright red and looked at Bakugo with wide eyes. “I-I thought we didn’t agree on Pride being our anniversary!”

 

“It’s the best day out of the fucking year so it might as well be.” He holds the flowers out towards Kaminari who gingerly takes them. He looks them over with a happy smile before placing them down and eagerly jumping on his boyfriend. He wraps his arms around Bakugo’s neck and his legs around his waist.

 

 “Katsuki you should have told me! I didn’t get you anything!” He whines out before he kisses Bakugo with all the energy and happiness in his body.

 

Bakugo kisses back for a bit and when they pull away he raises a brow. “You don’t need to get me anything, Kirishima was the one that convinced me while we were out. You can thank him.”

 

Kaminar didn’t seem interested in letting go and just kissed Bakugo again, their mouths parted and lips tangled together as Bakugo held him tighter. The taller male despite making out with his boyfriend he was still able to walk towards the bed and let Kaminari fall back on it with him on top.

 

“Katsuki…”

 

Bakugo said nothing as he started to kiss down Kaminari’s neck while one hand pinned Kaminari’s hip down and the other pushed up the crop top to kiss along Kaminari’s chest and tease the others nipples with his tongue. Kaminari moaned softly, a smile firmly set on his lips and had his legs wrapped around Bakugo’s waist.

 

“Ahem!” Sero clears his throat dramatically as he and Mina stand in the doorway

 

“Come on you two love birds! We don’t wanna be late!” Mina yells with a bright smile.

 

Bakugo scowls, a heavy frown plastered on his face as he turns to glare at the two. They get off the bed and Kaminari wears a blissed out face as he gets the flower and goes to find a vase to put them in. He gives happy sighs the whole time and even when they’re piling into the car he can’t help but have that goofy smile on his face.

 

When they parked and got out Kaminari was quick to attach himself onto Bakugo. 

 

“Is this allowed?!” Mina shouts as she points at them.




Sero snorts and slings his arm over her shoulder and points at them too. “Is this allowed? Is this okay?”

 

The two laugh and Kaminari shakes his head with a smile. “Shut up! That’s an old meme!”

 

Most of them laugh and then the group is traveling towards the parade. Kaminari squeezes Bakugo’s hand and he gives his hand a squeeze back.

 

Kaminari might not be able to do much now, but eventually he’ll surprise Bakugo with an amazing anniversary gift.













Chapter End Notes
Again, thank you all so much for the support and comments. It makes my day and I love reading them. I'm glad this pic and can inspire and cheer people up. Despite the drama in the beginning this fic was supposed to be a feel good fic! I just want my fav gays to be happy and gay. Next chapter we'll have Bakugo being petty and it's going to be great.


Chapter 34
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





Their 7th pride together, their 6th anniversary, they’ve lived together for about 5 years now. It was an accomplishment that Kaminari was proud of. Sometimes they would fight, usually it was stupid things and sometimes they would have bigger fights about important things but they always remembered that they loved each other. They worked things out and that’s what mattered.
 
Kaminari sat under the shade of a tree as he waited for his boyfriend to return with their drinks. It was a really hot day this year and everyone needed a break after the parade to get out of the sun beating down on them. 
 
The blond watched as his shirtless boyfriend, covered in rainbow chalk dust walked back to him with drinks in hand and he took one with a smile. Bakugo still had a hot body, everyone was staring at him and Kaminari felt a rush of pride because they can all look as much as they want but Bakugo is his. 
 
He takes a sip of his drink and lets out a sigh. A few years back Bakugo was drafted into a pro football team and their lives took quite a turn, it sparked a bit more turmoil than Kaminari liked to admit but they’ve gotten things settled. It was really hard the first couple years, he felt like he didn’t see Bakugo for weeks or he felt like he didn’t see his friends for weeks. Cutting ties with people that mean so much to him is something he never wants to do. He loves Sero and Mina and although all three of them are on different paths with different lovers they still make time to talk and see each other when they can.
 
Camie and Mina got together in the middle of their second year of college, it was a big hit and everyone went out to party to celebrate. It was a blast and honestly he’s never seen Mina look so happy, she was in her element, the scene of the party and full of love. She deserved it.
 
Sero and Todoroki are still going strong, Todoroki was drafted too so Sero is in the same boat as Kaminari but just a different team. The two have a minecraft server they stream for and it’s super popular! Kaminari is a bit jealous too because he wants to have a minecraft server with Bakugo but he refuses and that might have been part of the more serious fights they’ve had.
 
Kirishima and Tetsutetsu were drafted a year later! They still share a brain cell and are absolutely in love with each other. They really the dopiest bros you’ll ever meet, they pretty much adopt every drunk girl in the club for the night and cheer her up during her break down. 
 
Aizawa, Eri and the others are doing well, all safe and healthy. Kaminari and Bakugo go to visit when they can. When they go to visit Bakugo’s parents they stop by to see Aizawa and Eri and it really feels like they’re his family and for all he cares they are. Aizawa and Mic are his fathers and Eri his little sister.
 
He’s made her 5 books now. The last two were a bit beefier, more words and less pictures but he drew the cover of course. She says she loves all of them and she’s his number one fan because he’s an amazing author. He’s working on his sixth book for her but it’s going to take some time, he’s actually thinking about trying to get it published professionally and sold and he’s very nervous about it.
 
Yeah, a lot has happened but at Pride it feels like it’s the same. The same smiles, the same happiness, the same overpowering amounts of love and acceptance. It felt so safe. He leaned his head against Bakugo’s shoulder and sighed out.
 
“Tired already?”
 
“No...just happy, y’know.”
 
“Yeah…” Bakugo slowly pulls Kaminari closer and the smaller blond nuzzles in with a happy grin.
 
“Happy anniversary, babe.”
 
“Happy anniversary, loser.” Bakugo says with a smirk and Kaminari gasps.
 
“How dare you!? I am the love of your life! Such crude language!”
 
“Calm down drama queen.”
 
“How can I calm down when the man I thought loved me is saying such deplorable things!”
 
Bakugo raises a brow, he pulls Kaminari into his lap and starts to tickle him. “You act like this is the first time I’ve called you loser.”
 
Kaminari squirms and laughs. “H-Hey stop, that’s not fair!”
 
Bakugo tickles him without mercy and smirks as Kaminari’s face gets red. He leans in and kisses him. “You loser.”
 
“So mean~” Kaminari says happily as he goes in for another kiss. Bakugo’s hands are on his hips and their lips lock like pros, it’s not like they haven’t done this a million times already.
 
A loud ahem is heard behind them and Kaminari grins as he pulls away to look behind him. It’s Kirishima with a big grin. “Come on love birds lets go play some games!”
 
“Shut up, you and Tetsu are far worse.” Bakugo barks out as Kaminari gets off his lap.
 
“I can only hope we can reach your guys level of in love!” Kirishima states happily before turning to walk back to the others.
 
Kaminari stands up and offers his hand to Bakugo who takes it and hand in hand they walk to their group of friends to play some carnival games. If it doesn’t require both hands then the two keep their hands together, it just feels so right and yeah it’s cheesy but holding onto each other makes them happy.
 
People would think after quite some time that the puppy love phase or honey moon phase would pass and their shows of affection would decrease but that’s not the case. Bakugo has never been the overly affectionate one especially in the beginning and even now he’s not one to start any physical contact but Kaminari is fine with starting it and always has been. He’s not afraid to go after what he wants and if he wants a kiss he’s going to get it and Bakugo has never been one to deny himself either. 
 
Bakugo knows he’s not an easy guy to get along with, he can be short tempered and prone to outburst so he’s thankful for Kaminari who is always eager to see him when he gets home. He appreciates the other being in his life more than he lets out or can even put into words. He loves him, he wants to love him and hold him. It’s just natural.
 
Kaminari knows he’s not a top tier pick, he doesn’t have a stable job and hasn’t had a job that made over minimum wage. His looks are good but he sometimes doesn’t know when to stop joking and when to really concentrate. He’s a bit of an oddball but Bakugo loves him all the same and Kaminari can’t help but feel like he’s finally understood and accepted. Bakugo is it for him. 
 
After Pride the group goes to the hotel to drink and party until they pass out, by noon the next day they have to leave and go back home but Bakugo wants to visit his parents and Kaminari is down to visit Aizawa and Eri. It’s a bit out of the way since their not in the same city but it’s only fair they visit both and Bakugo is going to be busy for a while so it might be a long time before they can visit again. They gotta soak up that family time as much as possible.
 
They get to Bakugo’s parent’s place by two and are welcomed with open arms.
 
“Are you two engaged?” Mitsuki asks as she always does when she first see’s them.
 
“Mom, shut the hell up for once in your life. We’re not engaged, it’s going to take time.”
 
“It’s been a long time! You guys should have a big wedding!” She says eagerly and chides her son. “If you love each other then now is the perfect time!”
 
“I’m in the middle of my football career! I’m not going to propose and then fuck off to another state for a week or something!” Bakugo snaps at her.
 
Kaminari goes inside and takes the tea offered to him before sitting down. They’ve talked about marriage but they’re in no rush. Kaminari has said they never really need to get married, that’s not a requirement for a happy life. He would be down for a vegas wedding or just eloping but a big blow out wedding would be cool too. Honestly, just being with Bakugo is good enough, falling asleep beside him is his greatest comfort he has so he can’t really dream of anything topping that.
 
He also kind of wants to have a career, something he’s proud of before he gets married so there’s that.
 
The two stay the night in the guest room, it’s no longer Bakugo’s room which made sense because they weren’t going to just keep all his old stuff lying around. It’s a cozy room and at first Kaminari thought it was pretty strange, it used to have all Bakugo’s stuff in it after all and have his aesthetic but now it was plain with a couple pictures of plants, a plain bed with a nightstand and a lamp. It was like being at a hotel. It’s only natural when kids leave the nest and Kaminari can’t help but remember his old parent’s place.
 
How fast did they turn his room into a guest room or an office? How easy was the decision? 
 
His thoughts sometimes return back to them, his real parents. How are they now? Do they miss him at all? Regret what they’ve done? Would they apologize if they could? He’s too scared to see them again to find out. He tries to push the images of them away and focus on the people he does have in his life. 
 
Bakugo and Kaminari leave Bakugo’s parents house the next morning and drive to his old town to see Aizawa and Eri. The couch pulls out and they’re allowed to sleep over which Eri is pretty happy about. She’s older but she’s still a sweet and gentle girl, she’s excited to have Kaminari over so she can paint his nails and get spoilers for his next book.
 
“So, you’re like 10, right?” Kaminari asked teasingly to Eri who pouts.
 
“I’m 13! Going on 14 soon!”
 
“Oh geez, you’re making me feel so old!”
 
“You are old!” She retorts with a grin.
 
“Mean! We came all the way to visit you and now I’m being roasted!”
 
She laughs and pulls him in for a hug which he returns before he goes to hug Aizawa and Mic. Bakugo ruffles her hair and greets the other two men after Kaminari is done hugging them. It’s close to dinner time so he asks what they have planned for dinner so he can help. Being useless was not something Bakugo was comfortable with.
 
“We need to get some more chicken broth to complete the meal.” Mic answers with a sigh as he tries to look through the cabinets.
 
“I’ll get it.” Bakugo says with his hands in his pockets.
 
“You sure, Katsuki?” Kaminari asks a bit worriedly since Bakugo has done a lot of driving the past couple days so Kaminari didn’t mind going on this errand.
 
“It’s fine, I wanna pick up some things as well.”
 
“Oh like what?” Kaminari asks because he didn’t hear anything about needing to pick up anything from the store.
 
“A couple snacks, anyways, I’ll be back.” Bakugo leaves and Kaminari stares after him for a bit before Eri comes over to distract him.
 
Bakugo got in the car and he was heading towards the store when he decided to take a detour. He drove through a neighborhood, a familiar neighborhood of the past. He stopped outside one house and got out to look upon Kaminari’s old home. The lights were on so someone was in and he was hoping that the same two assholes were still living there. Of course, there was only one way to find out so he walked to the front and knocked. It took a little while before the door opened and a small woman with grey roots and blond hair greeted him a bit confused to see him.
 
“Hey, I’m Bakugo Katsuki, is this the Kaminari residence?”
 
“Oh yes, it is. I’m sorry we weren’t expecting anyone. Can I help you?”
 
Bakugo smirks. “Is the man of the house here too?”
 
“He is…”
 
Bakugo goes silent and she finally takes that as her que to retrieve her husband. The couple returns and the man looks a bit disgruntled but realization dawns on him when he see’s Bakugo. He is a pro football player, very skilled, pretty popular so it’s not  surprising that a football junkie would know who he is on sight.
 
“What can we do for you?” The man asks quickly and seems eager to offer him anything. “Did your car break down?”
 
“No, I’m good.” Bakugo smirks. “I just wanted to tell you guys face to face about your son.”
 
“Our...son?” The mother gasps and quickly begins to go pale.
 
“Mhm, your son is a very important person to me. He’s the love of my life and I want to let you know I’m giving him everything he wants and more. I’m going to take care of him and I’ll marry him. I just wanted to come by and let you know he’s in good hands and you are never getting back in his life.” He shoots them a dark grin. “I’ll be going now…”
 
He’s sure he officially stunned them, their mouths were gaping and he took his leave back to his car and drove to the store to pick up what he set out to do in the first place. He got the broth, some snacks, apples and skittles because Kaminari’s been really liking skittles lately. His chest swells with pride as he thinks back on their dumb faces. He can’t tell Kaminari what happened, not right away at least. 
 
They’ve talked about Kaminari’s parents a few times and Kaminari has said he doesn’t want to see them. They’ve made it clear that he’s no child of theirs and if that’s the case they’re no parents of is. He hasn’t forgotten what they did to him and he’s open to admitting he still hasn’t forgiven them. Bakugo is proud of him for that.
 
He doesn’t have to forgive them, he doesn’t have to feel guilty for not forgiving them for hurting him. He doesn’t want Kaminari to be burned up with hate and it’s a good thing Kaminari is the kind of guy he is because he could never really hate anyone. He moves on and he leaves the person and the feelings behind. Bakugo is proud of him, and it’s possible the one who hates Kaminari’s parent’s the most is Bakugo himself.
 
He gets back to the apartment, his boyfriend has pigtails in his hair and getting his makeup done by Eri who has been interested in becoming a makeup artist and doing stuff on youtube. When he puts the stuff down Kaminari looks over to him but Eri brings his face back to looking at her so she continue her work.
 
“Took you a while babe.” Kaminari calls and Bakugo snorts.
 
“Took a detour.” 
 
“Oh yeah?”
 
“Yeah, just the long way but I gotcha something.”
 
“Oh~” Kaminari says excitedly and Bakugo brings the bag of skittles over and puts it on his lap. “Yummy! Thank you babe!”
 
“Denki! Stop moving!” Eri whines and she seems clearly frustrated. Trying to do eyeliner was hard.
 
He laughs a bit and tries his best to sit perfectly still despite trying to unwrap the skittles so he can eat a few.








Chapter End Notes
It's done. I have it all written out. Just a few more chapters guys. I'm going to reread and add and proofread tomorrow and I might just post the rest. They're going to be relatively short.


Chapter 35




This is the year of their 8th Pride and their 7th anniversary.
 
This year was full of a lot of ups and downs. Bakugo was injured and had to take time off to heal a broken leg and concussion which he was not happy about. Kaminari brought up that maybe an early retirement wouldn’t be such a bad idea, they’ve made plenty of money so they could live a decent and humble life from now on and Kaminari had no issue with that. Bakugo of course hated the idea.
 
It’s not that Kaminari doesn’t want him to play or doesn’t like when he’s gone into a different state it’s just the worry of not knowing if he’ll get hurt and turned into a vegetable. He’s scared. Bakugo is the love of his life and the idea of Bakugo being stuck in a hospital bed for the rest of his life breaks his heart.
 
They fought over this a couple times and finally one of them brings him to tears, he tries not to let his tears show when they argue, he doesn’t want to emotionally manipulate Bakugo as impossible as that might seem. Once Bakugo see’s his tears he stops, all fire burns out and he reaches out to gently pull him in and kiss his head. 
 
They hold each other there as Kaminari cries into his chest, he wails about how scared he is for his safety. Even with all the pads and even though Bakugo is amazing he can still get hurt. 
 
“I love you, I want to do a lot more fun things with you so if you get hurt-”
 
“I love you too and we will do more fun things together. Trust me, I won’t get on the field until I’m 100% better, okay? I’ll go to physical therapy everyday and train at home. Does that work?”
 
Kaminari still didn’t like it but he gave a nod. “You have to be 110% better.”
 
A light chuckle escapes Bakugo’s lips and he squeezes Kaminari close. “Alright, sounds easy enough.”
 It's a constant worry in Kaminari's mind, he can't help it but he believes in Bakugo's abilities that he'll be safe enough. Right now they just needed to focus on his healing. 
The high of this year was Kaminari finally becoming a novelist! Thanks to Aizawa and his friends he finally decided to put out a book for the world to see. It was a lot of hard work and not at all like he was expecting but he got a book out and it did well!
 
It wasn’t a Harry Potter popular book or a Twilight popular but it had garnered some attention. It was a fantasy adventure style story, it was relatively popular with teens and young adults and he got some good sales with it. He doubted that they’d make a movie out of it or he’d be unable to go out without being recognized. His boyfriend was still the most popular between them and had to hid his face when they went out.
 With the money from his book he felt like he could really contribute to their household. Bakugo was fine with paying for everything and he admitted he liked being able to take care of Kaminari but the blond although flattered still wanted to contribute. He helped pay some bills and got himself a little shopping spree, while he was out he stopped by a certain store and got a certain item for a certain someone. 
He held onto this certain item for a month without letting Bakugo find it and it was difficult to hold it in but he managed.
 
Today was the day, their anniversary, the day they first met and sat here waiting for Bakugo to come back with some drinks. They found a picnic table by a nice tree and Kaminari asked their friends to get lost for a bit. They gave him a pat on the shoulder, kiss on the cheek, ruffled his hair and wished him luck. Kaminari spotted Bakugo coming back and he brought his backpack on the table and took the drink.
 
“Thanks.”
 
“Where’s the dumbasses.”
 
“Went for a walk…”
 
Bakugo raises an eyebrow and was about to sit down until Kaminari put his hands out with a frantic look on his face. “W-Wait, don’t sit!”
 
“Huh? What the hell is up with you? There some fucking prank?” He looked to where he was going to sit for some kind of wet paint or something but saw nothing.
 
“No, it’s not that, it’s just-” Kaminari took a steady breath and reached into his backpack for the tiny box. He clasped it hard in his hand and got off the seat so he could go down on one knee. He took Bakugo’s hand who was extremely dumbfounded by the action.
 
“Denki, what the hell are you doing?” He asked, his eyes wide, mouth dry and heart slamming in his chest.
 
“Katsuki, you’re the sweetest most amazing jerk I’ve ever met…”
 
“God, Denki…”
 
“We’ve been living together for a long time and I love every second of it. I love you and I want to spend the rest our lives together. If you’re down for a lifetime of Denki then please say yes. Will you marry me?”
 
He opened the box to show the ring, it was a masculine style ring, no big rocks glittering around but it was a striking platinum wedding band. Kaminari held his breath as he watched Bakugo process this and he’d later say it was cute that it took Bakugo so long to let it sink in because he’s usually so quick to adjust. Right now the wait was agonizing and it took a bit before Bakugo inhaled deeply and pulled Kaminari up to hold him tight. 
 
“Is that a yes?” Kaminari whispered.
 
“You idiot…” Bakugo choked out. “I should have been the one proposing.”
 
“Well you were dragging your feet~” Kaminari teased which earned him a hard squeeze that made him cough for a second. He laughed and pulled away to look the other in the face.
 
“I’m going to marry the hell out of you.” Bakugo claimed before leaning in to capture Kaminari’s lips with his. The two kissed with eager excitement and Kaminari’s eyes watered as he felt overwhelmed with emotion. He was so happy and so lucky that was what he knew for sure.
 
They pulled back just so Kaminari can see if he got the right fit for the ring and it fit just fine. Kaminari smiled proudly since he did this all on his own and he rushed to swing his arms around Bakugo’s neck and kiss him again. Bakugo didn’t deny him and pulled him up so Kaminari had his legs wrapped around his waist and he was holding the smaller blond by his butt as they kissed.
 
Both had tears in their eyes, threatening to shed but not quite, just both overwhelmingly happy and in love. They didn’t need a ring or a wedding but there was something about having a symbol of their everlasting love and both would be wearing a ring everywhere they went so even if they were apart there was a part of them still with each other. It was so romantic and cheesy so it was perfect for Kaminari and Bakugo was happy to oblige. He liked it too of course, the one good thing about marriage was he would have Kaminari take his last name.
 
Kaminari will no longer have any connection to his parents and that might be the greatest gift of all.








Chapter 36
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




They had a lot of planning as an engaged couple, they already live together so it’s not like they’re newly weds just starting their life together but Kaminari has a million ideas and Bakugo is the one to figure out if they’re possible. Some things clashed, sense of taste or preferences were called into question but they got a few things settled.White suits. No roses and a Pride themed wedding so plenty of rainbows.Venues and a date was still beyond them since both were working, Kaminari had a new book he wanted to write and Bakugo was back to playing football once he felt like he was not 110% ready but 150% ready to go back to the field.They brought Mina, Sero and Kirishima along for a taste test for the cake but it didn’t matter what they thought since everything had to be up to Bakugo’s standard. Rarely anything was good enough for him and Kaminari was the type to be fine if the cake came from a box so any fancy flavors made little sense to him.Bakugo has left a few bakeries scrambling with his high standards and Kaminari had to pull him back from yelling at them if they made them overpriced food. As it stood they still didn’t have a cake, venue or date but they weren’t in a big rush.Neither seemed to care what season but football’s off season would be better for them and their friends. They already knew who was going to the bridesmaids and groomsmen so there wasn’t any choosing to be done. Eri would come be the flower girl so that was settled.Kaminari sat at their dining room table as he mulled over center pieces for the tables when an idea hit him and he stood up from his seat. He hurried to their bedroom where Bakugo was napping and jumped on the bed and started to shake him.“W-wah!? Denki, what are you doing?” Bakugo snapped when he was so harshly awoken.“Let’s get married at Pride!”“What?”“Our ceremony! We can do it at Pride, where we met, where I proposed!” Kaminari answered excitedly and beamed with pure sunshine as he looked to his fiance.Bakugo blinked a few times as he started to wake up a bit more and sat up. “Wait, Pride that’s happening in a month? You want to do it then?”“Babe, it’s gonna be great! Maybe we can do it on one of the floats!”“In a month?”“All our friends are already going to be there we just need to tell your parents and I’ll tell Aizawa and Eri too and they can invite anyone they want to join!”“For the event that’s just a month away?” “Yeah! It’ll be great!”Bakugo sighed and laid back down on the bed, Kaminari flopped on top of him and rested his head on Bakugo’s chest. “Idiot, that’s too soon. I doubt they’d let us just have a ceremony. Lets try for next year.”“Well, I’ll make a few calls and see!” Kaminari offered and pulled himself away and ran to the livingroom to get his phone to do just that.Bakugo sighed and rolled his eyes at his fiance’s antic and rolled onto his side to go back to sleep. He’s sure there’s no way the event director would allow such a short notice add on and how were they going to plan a reception? He was too tired for this so he decided to just continue his nap. They’ll make a plan for next year.The topic was dropped, Bakugo didn’t hear anything about the subject for a couple days and he pretty much forgot about it so when Kaminari comes into the living room saying. “It’s settled!” He has no idea what he means.“What’s settled?”“Our ceremony!”“What?”“At Pride! I was emailing a few people in charge and they’re totally down. They have someone who will marry us and we can join on one of the floats! They’re really excited about it too!”“Denki! That’s three weeks away!”“I know! Isn’t it great?” He laughs and he jumps over to hug Bakugo and give him a kiss.Bakugo kisses back but he’s a bit stunned. “Denki, it won’t be fancy. There’s no time to order flowers or cake.”“I don’t need flowers or cake! I need you and our friends!”Bakugo licks his lips and mulls it over. This really is a spur of the moment wedding. He’d have to tell his parents and hopefully they can take the day off to be there. They have their suits and the rings so that wasn’t a big deal but still, their weddings was three weeks away now and his heart his hammering in his chest. “I guess we’re fucking doing this…”“Yes!” Kaminari squeezed him tighter and kissed his cheek before pulling away. “I gotta tell Eri and Aizawa about the plans but Kiri, Mina and Sero already know!”“We won’t have any time for real wedding invitations…”“That’s fine! The people who we really want there are going to Pride this year anyways!” Kaminari calls from down the hall. Bakugo folds his arms and glances to the window. It’s a warm day out, it’s definitely summer time and Pride really is just around the corner. He grabs his phone and calls his parents about the plans. His mother laughs and she eagerly agrees to be there and loves that he’s being more spontaneous. He’s not willing to admit it’s all Kaminari’s doing but he has a feeling she already knows it’s all him.Pride is just around the corner.3 weeks go by in a flash.Today is the day, Pride, their anniversary and most importantly their wedding day. The parade comes to a stop and the crowd looks on the float that’s set to look like a wedding chapel. Bakugo stands by the ordained minister who will marry them and looks back to Kirishima and Tetsutetsu who are in tuxes grinning happily. “It’s fucking hot.” Bakugo says with a sigh.“Dude, you’re in white. We’re the ones in black here.” Kirishima says gesturing to his suit, a simple black suit with a red tie.“Shut up.” Bakugo snaps and Kirishima gives him a small jab which Bakugo returns. A play fight seems ready to break out but the minister clears his throat and once the boys look at him he glances off towards the end of the aisle. Standing there is Kaminari, he’s holding Aizawa’s arm who has a black top tux piece but hot pink pants to match Eri’s hot pink dress. That doesn’t hold his attention despite how blinding the color is. It’s Kaminari, he looks gorgeous and despite the fact that they’ve seen each other in their suits before doesn’t stop him from feeling butterflies when he see’s Kaminari. His fiance’s hair is done nice, slicked back and loose strands pinned back to show his glowing face.He’s staring, it’s obvious he can’t take his eyes off Kaminari. Their eyes lock and Kaminari smiles big and laughs a bit as he steps into his spot right beside Bakugo on the little stage. Aizawa hands him off, pats his shoulder with a grin and steps to the side with Eri. Kaminari reaches out to Bakugo and Bakugo takes his hands in his. They stand there, their friends and family around them on the floa. Mina and Sero are the maid and groom of honor on Kaminari’s side and Kirishima is the groom of honor on Bakugo’s side while the others are just regular maids and grooms. Bakugo’s parents are there as well and the rest of the people at Pride can stay to watch if they want. There’s a huge crowd around them so it seems a lot of people are interested in this wedding. The minister begins, but the two don’t really listen, they’re lost in each other’s eyes, hands clasped tight and comforting. “Ahem!”The two snap out of it and look to the man a bit confused. He smiles tiredly at them and repeats what he wants them to say. Sero brings over the ring for Kaminari to put on Bakugo’s finger and he takes it with watery eyes. He says his vows and Bakugo lifts his hand so Kaminari can put the finger on."I give you this ring to wear with love and joy. As a ring has no end, neither shall my love for you. I choose you to be my husband this day and forevermore." Kaminari smiles with tears ready to spill but not quite falling. He had to sneak in that pokemon reference of course, it’s just who he is.Bakugo brings his hand down once he has the ring on and turns to Kirishima who hands him the ring for Kaminari and the smaller blond lifts his hand to receive it onto his finger. "I give you this ring as a visible and constant symbol of my promise to be with you as long as I live." Bakugo says softly as he stares into Kaminari’s eyes so the other knows he means every word.The minister smiles once they both have their rings on. “By the power vested in me I pronounce you husband and husband you may now kiss.”Denki jumps over to throw his arms around Bakugo’s neck and kisses him gladly, Katsuki holds his waist and dips him as the crowd cheers for them. They stand back up straight and pull away from the kiss with big smiles on their face. They turn to the crowd and wave to them like their celebrities, their friends and family make their way off the float first and then they come down hand in hand. They step onto the ground again but this time not as Kaminari Denki and Bakugo Katsuki but as Mr. and Mr. Bakugo. They decided to take Katsuki’s last name to finally cut any ties to Denki’s parents. He didn’t need to share a name with people who didn’t care and love him like he deserved. They haven’t tried to get bac in his life and he’s not going to try to get back into theirs. He has too much to look forward to so there was no looking back now.“Congratulations you two, please follow me!” Yaoyorozu says almost too giddy as she tries to direct them through the crowd.The two look to each other confused before following the beautiful woman. They go through the crowd and make their way to the park. When they get there they’re both stunned to see an outdoor reception. The trees had lights in them, there was a dance floor, dj and tables set out for people to sit at. Both are wide eye as they stare at the scene before them and their friends stand around them.“Whatcha think!” Mina asks excitedly.“This was all Todoroki and Yaoyorozu’s doing!” Kirishima says happily.“Y-You guys!” Denki wails.“How the hell did you manage to do all this in three weeks!” Katsuki asks obviously as impressed as he was dumbfounded.“Well, when we told them what was going on everyone was down to help. It also helps we have some rich friends though.” Sero explains with a grin. “You didn’t need to do all this!” Denki exclaims as he pulls Katsuki towards the dance floor that was laid out. “Sure we didn’t need to but we wanted to!” Kirishima says with a laugh as he follows after the couple.Denki stands in the middle of the dance floor and looks around at everything. It’s beautiful and as the night approaches he’s sure it’ll become even more stunning with the lights. “I-I love it.” “Yay!” Mina jumps over and hugs him and Denki lets go of Katsuki’s hand to hug her back. She kisses his cheek when they pull away and she looks to the DJ. She waves to him and he gives her a thumbs up. “Okay you love birds, it’s time for your first dance!”She backs away as the music starts and the rest of their friends leave the dance floor. Denki turns to Katsuki who offers his hand and Denki takes it in his and pulls himself closer. They sway side to side, nothing fancy but it was sweet, slow and special just for them. Their eyes stare intently at each others eyes and light kisses are shared.“Did you know about this?” Denki asks quietly.“Had no clue.” Katsuki admits. Everyone must have been tight lipped about this and wanted to surprise them. A bunch of losers they all were but he’s got to hand it to them, this is amazing. He sighs and dips his head forward a bit and Denki returns the gesture by pressing their foreheads together.“Happy?”“With you? Always.”



Chapter End Notes
A/N: They had store bought cake that night with all their friends lolThe next week Bakugo made a really nice cake for them.


Chapter 37



Their 20th Pride and the day of their wedding anniversary. The years have been amazing, sometimes they argue like any couple does but there’s plenty of love between them to help fix the troubles. After their wedding they’ve earned quite a bit of fame on the internet since a lot of people recorded their wedding ceremony. They were asked to show up on the morning news for a segment for the LGBT community. It was quite an interesting interview because at first the interviewer asked how they met and what made them decide to do their wedding there. It was mostly normal until the interviewer brought up Katsuki’s professional life, he’s a pretty well known football player but it wasn’t well known he was gay.“Was there a reason you kept it on the down low?”“I didn’t keep it on the down low, I just didn’t talk about it because I was busy playing.”“But in other interviews you never brought up your sexuality or who your significant other was.”“They never asked if I was gay so I never told them. I didn’t want to talk about my husband too much or people would start getting nosey and I didn’t want them bugging him.” Katsuki’s tone was sharp and he gave Denki’s hand a squeeze as he glared down the man in front of them.“I see.” The interviewer said and cleared his throat as he looked to his notes. “So, Denki, you’re a novelist. You’ve got a couple books out now.”“Oh yes!”“Do your books focus on the LGBT?”“Not really focus but I do have plenty of characters that are LGBT people in my stories.”“Do you think your sales have improved when people saw the video and found out who you were?”“Yeah, actually people were eager to support me! I really hope they enjoy the stories but I’m glad they’ll buy my book to support a member of the community! It’s cool to help people who have been oppressed and see them rise. I never expected to get as much attention as I have but I’m really grateful for such a wonderful community!”The interview went on for a bit and then a clip of their wedding was played at the end. Once they were done the two went into the city for lunch together but that won’t be the last time they talk about their wedding or their sexuality.Aizawa had asked them to come speak to the students of the school. It really helps young kids who might be questioning their sexuality to see people of the LGBT community who are happy and well off. It makes it seem less scary and can give some kids the needed confidence to be more open minded to it. Once they started speaking at one school there seemed to be even more schools asking for the famous football player and famous novelist to come visit and talk to their young people. It was an honor Denki was happy to partake in and even Katsuki seemed to get some enjoyment out of talking to kids and reassuring them that there’s nothing wrong with being who they are. If they can help a couple kids then that’s all they can ask for. Some might still have their issues and they can’t change how the parents see them. Some protest them coming and would even go so far as to keep their kids at home so they wouldn’t hear what they had to say. There’s always going to be situations like that but if they can spread a little more tolerance then that’s a good start.At this 20th Pride they’re 36 years old, still young and still very much in love. They plan on a trip out of the country for their anniversary but didn’t want to miss going to Pride with all their friends.Sero has become a Todoroki as well, Kirishima and Tetsutetsu have opted not to get married but everyone is betting they’ll eventually elope when the moment hits them. Mina and Camie have married as well and adopted a child together. They couldn’t go to Pride for a few years but they are head over heels for the kid. They’re truly the most doting mothers and bridging on overbearing but it was all out of love. Eri has been in a relationship with a boy named Kouta for a couple years now and it’s possible he’s going to stick around for a long time since Aizawa has given him a hard time for dating his daughter in the first year and he wasn’t scared off so that was a good sign. They’re all growing up and getting older but Pride kept them together, they always met up at the same place and hung out all day together to celebrate and love one another. Katsuki and Denki didn’t make it about them because this day was never about just them, they never wanted to make it about just them but they wanted their wedding to be the day where they felt the most love. Today was that day.It was also easy to remember.



Chapter 38
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




Today was their 59th Pride, their 50th wedding anniversary. They haven’t missed a single Pride event and the old couple has become a sort of living legend. They’re in their 70s now. Old but still moving around quite well, thay sat at a bench together, their grey hair was sprayed with the color of the rainbow and they watched the crowd of young people hand in hand.“I heard if you find them and get their blessing that you’ll have good luck and be together forever.” A teen says to his two embarrassed friends.“But how do we know which ones they are.”“They’re supposed to be like really old but they’ve never missed an event so they’re bound to be here!”The old couple smiled knowingly and waited a few minutes until a young couple, two girls walked over to them.“Uhm, sorry to bother you guys but are you the Bakugo’s?” “What’s it to you?” Katsuki asks sharply although the glint in his eye betrays his humor.“Babe, don’t be mean.” Denki chides before he looks to the young girls. “Yes, that’s us.”“I’m kidding.” Katsuki adds under his breath.“We were just wondering if we could have your blessing?” One asks.“Are you two engaged?” Denki asks with a slight tilt of his head.“Y-yeah, a month ago I proposed.” The other spoke up with a sheepish grin and a blush adorning her cheeks.“Let me see the rings!”The girls hold out their hands to show their engagement rings and the two old men look at them for a second before glancing to each other and nodding. “You have our blessing.” Katsuki says with a gruff voice.The girls blush as they clasp their hands together and give their thanks before walking away.“How many was that now?” Denki asks with an amused grin.“Today or in total?”“Both?”“Today that makes 6 and in total...I don’t remember.”“Geez, that old age is really setting in.”“Shut it, you’re just as old and I can’t bother to remember how many kids come asking for our blessing.”Denki laughs softly and slowly gets up, Katsuki does the same, he gets his cane and stands up before offering his arm to Denki who happily hooks his arm in. The two go for a nice easy stroll together, they enjoy the excitement and brightness all around them and when the sunsets and the people begin to disperse they find a quiet place to slowly dance like they did on their wedding day so many years ago.They sway together forehead against forehead as they pass gentle whispers of I love yous to one another. “Happy anniversary, my love.” Denki says with eyes still twinkling with love and adoration. They’re really just as bright and youthful as they were when he was 17.“Happy anniversary, sap.”“Oh come on, when will you be romantic?”“I bought you flowers on valentines didn’t I?”“Oh, that was you?” “Denki…” Bakugo warns with a smile on his lips.Denki kisses him in reply and grins. “Thank you, you never forget a special day.”“Damn right.” His language rough like always.“You never change.” Denki says with the roll of his eyes.“That’s not a bad thing.”“No, it’s not.” Denki replies with a nod. “I love the way you are, always have and always will.”“Same for me, Denki. I’m glad you’re my husband.”“That’s my line.” They press their foreheads together, smiles wrinkling their skin without a care. They dance slowly in their own little world.



Chapter End Notes
A/N: since they were 17 when they first met, they're about 76 now!Bakugo got another broken leg that didn't heal properly in his 40s so he has to use his cane.Denki refers to it as his pimp cane.They average about 20 blessings every year lol


The Happy End
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes





A tombstone sits surrounded by bright grass, flowers of all colors and beads that many people have left to honor the couple on this special day.
  

In Loving Memory of



 



Bakugo Denki



 



&



 



Bakugo Katsuki



 



“Love Wins.”









Chapter End Notes
Thank you for coming along for their journey together. It's been a hell of a ride, originally the fic I wanted to do was like how these last chapters went down where it just went over a snippet every year but things happened lolA story wanted to be told and fleshed out.I might make a one-shot nsfw fic down the road because they did have an active sex life but I wanted to only bring up their first times and important milestone moments for them.They also couldn't do it the night of their wedding because they were sharing a hotel room lol they made up for it later~Anyways, thank you all so much for the love and support of this fic. I'm glad it's finally done but I'm going to miss it that's for sure!



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



