



Reckless Behavior - Inell - Harry Potter - J K
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Reckless Behavior
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/4429073.
  


Rating:
Explicit
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
Relationship:
Hermione Granger/Bill Weasley
Character:
Hermione Granger, Bill Weasley
Additional Tags:
Friends to Lovers, Romance, non-canon compliant, Originally written in July 2007, Originally Posted on LiveJournal, Book kink
Collections:
The Quidditch Pitch
Stats:

        Published: 2015-07-26
        Words: 6274
      

Reckless Behavior
by Inell
Summary
It’s all his fault that the calm life she’s developed is no longer peaceful and that her sanctuary has become a den of immoral thoughts.
Notes

Originally Posted: Jul 7, 2007




Reckless Behavior

Is it odd to find books arousing?

Despite all her research  efforts, Hermione hasn’t found any definite proof one way or another.  The arousal by books condition isn’t common by any means, but she has  found evidence that others share that particular fetish. What percentage  of people must share such an interest for it to not be considered  shameful or perverse? Considering that there are people who find animals  stimulating or like to dress in furry costumes, she has to think that  being aroused by libraries is rather boring in comparison.

Still,  she hasn’t ever shared her darkest secret with anyone. She doesn’t talk  about sex with others, of course, but this is something that she’d keep  to herself regardless. People find her love of books strange enough  without being aware of the fact that her nipples get tight and her  knickers get wet whenever she’s surrounded by shelves of books. The  scent of ink, the texture of the parchment, the feel of leather covers,  and even the bumpy indentions of titles on the spines arouse her.

Over  the years, she’s become very good at concealing her arousal. She  doesn’t let it consume her nor does she indulge in enjoying it very  often unless she‘s alone. With school and then the war and now work  requiring her to spend so much time around books, it was merely  self-preservation to develop a tolerance so she could hide how it  affected her.

Harry might have guessed once, as she noticed him  staring at her one day during their research at Grimmauld Place after  she’d been considering the possibility of being shagged on the desk  surrounded by the books. Her cheeks had been flushed, and she’d avoided  looking at the man who had happened to star in that particular fantasy  when she’d seen Harry giving her a curious look. He has never said  anything, thankfully, but she felt awkward for days after.

After  nearly being caught, she became more careful. It isn’t that she  necessarily finds it embarrassing---okay, perhaps she does. Sexuality is  still confusing to her, regardless of the fact that she’s twenty-four  and hasn’t been a virgin since a rather sloppy first time with Ron years  ago. They tried a few more times, and it did get better, but they were  young and there was a war, so it wasn’t like they had much opportunity  to take the time to actually figure out their erogenous zones or discuss  anything the way she’d wanted. When she’d tried, Ron had turned bright  red and told her not to be so vulgar. Her vulgar? Considering his  language, she found the idea laughable and, looking back, she thinks  that was probably the beginning of their end.

If her curiosity  and interest in learning is vulgar, then it’s best that Ron was given  his freedom to find someone less interested in discussing such things.  Of course, the whole situation left her feeling insecure and awkward, so  she hasn’t tried again since. She reads books, though, trying to figure  out how perverse she is to find parchment and ink arousing, and she  experiments with herself, trying to learn her body and what she likes in  case she ever does take another lover. If she doesn’t know herself, how  can she expect a man to figure her out?

None of her experiments  or research has helped at all during the last three months, though. If  anything, they’ve just made things worse. Her imagination is far too  active, the books aren’t helpful at all, and her nights are  restless-full of the wickedest things she’s ever dared to dream. And  it’s all his fault that the calm life she’s developed is no longer peaceful and that her sanctuary has become a den of immoral thoughts.

Bill Weasley.

Oldest  brother of her first, and only, boyfriend. Divorced, intelligent,  handsome, and far too smirky for her own good. One of Gringotts most  well-known and best cursebreakers in the field. And, as of three months  ago, her reluctant assistant while he recovers from injuries sustained  on a recent assignment in Kathmandu. His presence in her library, as  it’s clearly become hers since Gringotts hired her right after the war to help organize the research department, has disrupted everything.

It  wouldn’t be so awful if he weren’t just so masculine and attractive.  She’d be able to deal with the impure thoughts if it were simply the  influence of the library and a pretty face, but he can’t just be  good-looking. No, he also has to be clever, witty, confident, and just a  bit full of himself in that way she hates to admit she finds sexy. He’s  also more man than she’s been around in years, since she began to hide amongst the books and let life continue to move on without her.

The  worst part has to be the fact that he seems to see her as a surrogate  little sister. He teases her constantly, deliberately trying to make her  blush or aggravate her, and he has apparently made it his mission to  make her as annoyed with him being there while he recovers as he is at  being removed from the field and forced into desk work. He makes fun of  her hair, saying it looks like it’s trying to escape from the pins she  uses to put it up, and her clothes, asking if she has anything but  neutral colors in her wardrobe, but always in a subtle way that makes it  frustratingly impossible to argue with him without seeming overly  annoyed for such a simple comment.

For what it’s worth, her  hair does often look as if it’s rebelling against being tamed into a  somewhat formal style for work, which is why she wears a braid most of  the time instead of pinning it up. However, the colors of her robes are a  ridiculous point of contention. She does have color in her  wardrobe, but the robes she wears to work are professional and she keeps  the colors simple, black, gray, and browns.

She’s tempted  sometimes to open her robe and flash him, since it very well might shock  him into silence if he saw that she often just wears sexy knickers  beneath the rather prim work robes. She rather likes the idea that she  seems so fussy and prudish yet has a slightly reckless side that few get  to see. She never gives in to that idea, of course, because it would be  inappropriate and, knowing Bill, he’d just insult the style of her  knickers or tell her to put her clothes back on.

“You finished?”

Hermione  blinks at the book she has open in front of her and glances up at the  question. Bill’s leaning against the bookshelf staring at her, smirking  slightly. He’s wearing blue jeans that fit far too well and a T-shirt  that declares ‘Cursebreakers do it better’, a gift from Fred and George  at Christmas a few years ago, she distantly recalls. When he clears his  throat and looks amused, she frowns and curses her pale skin for showing  her blush so easily.

“Finished with what?” she asks.

“Daydreaming,”  he drawls as the left side of his mouth curves up in a slight smile.  “I’ve been talking to you for a few minutes, but you were obviously off  in your own little world. Not very professional, you know.”

“Considering  your current attire, which I’d like to point out is a violation of the  dress policy for this department, I’d say that you speaking to me about  professionalism is somewhat hypocritical. Besides, you didn’t say a word  because I’d have heard you. I was simply reviewing the research for  Myers’ assignment next week,” she says matter-of-factly, deciding that  it’s not exactly a lie since she did, indeed, have the book open for  that reason.

“This department is uptight and rigid,” he says.  “Besides, I do have my boring black robe, Miss Rule Book, so I’m not  breaking any policies. You, however, have failed to turn a single page  of that book for the last twenty minutes, so it’s either a very  difficult passage or you’re daydreaming.”

"I was giving the  information my full attention," she tells him primly. Why did he have to  walk so quietly? Normally, she can hear footsteps in her library and  knows where everyone is at most times. Bill is infuriating with his  ability to skulk about without notice.

"Were you? It must be a  very interesting book, then, since you ignored the fact that someone  entered your precious library after hours and needed your assistance.  Shall we see what has you so spellbound?" He reaches for the book before  she has a chance to realize his intent. She watches him look at the  page, his long fingers curled around the burgundy cover and stroking it  so softly that she shifts in her chair and unconsciously rubs her thighs  together. "Bollocks. This is rudimentary spell casting, at best, and  there's no way that you don't already have this memorized. Which means  you, my dear, just lied to me on top of spending your evening  daydreaming. What do you have to say about that?"

"I'd say that  it's obvious you're suffering the effects of some long forgotten curse  that are only just now manifesting themselves, thus making you  delusional. While I might know the information, it certainly doesn't  mean that I don't take my time and attention with anything important  that I must study."

"Perhaps it's this bloody library of yours  that's making me imagine things," he muses as he sits on the corner of  the table. His weight shakes it, and she gasps when one of her books  falls off the edge. Before it can land, it levitates back into place.  She glances at Bill and finds him staring at her as he lowers his wand.

"My  library is doing no such thing. Sadly, you'll have to find another  excuse for your ridiculous imagination. Now that you've already  interrupted me, after hours I'll point out since you seem so fond of  mentioning it, what can I do for you?"

"Hmm...maybe it's you,  then, instead of the library. You do realize that your department is the  only one required to actually follow separate rules from the standard  ones we all usually ignore, don't you? Too much restriction can make a  bloke see things." He smiles a lazy smile that ought to make her want to  hex him instead of causing flutters in her belly that are all too  familiar. "As for what you can do for me, Granger, I think the ideas  might blow that prissy little mind of yours. For now, how about giving  me a copy of 'Spellcasters Guide to Sex Magic'."

She blinks at  him and feels her cheeks heat up even as she scowls. "Rules have helped  make this department efficient and productive, Weasley. They've also  meant that we no longer have books lost, lack data needed by you lot, or  have slow turnaround time for research requests. And do not lower  yourself enough to quip that some rules are meant to be broken. I'm  fully aware of that, but they'll certainly not be in my library,"  she says firmly as she stands up and leans closer to him. "Please do  save the obvious attempts to rankle me with suggestive comments. I've  been best friends with boys since I was twelve, you might remember, so  it takes quite a bit to actually shock me. Now, why do you need a book  on that topic? It's extremely restricted, and I'll not grant access  without an explanation."

"You know, I can finally see why Ron  spent so many years deliberately riling you up," Bill says as he leans  close enough that she can feel his breath on her face. "I need a book on  that topic because I'm interested in learning new things. I'm also  single, unattached, and it's got mighty descriptive passages and  illustrations."

"You---" She falters, pretty sure she understands  him correctly and utterly shocked at his blunt honesty. She hisses,  "You can't use a restricted text for that."

"For what?" He  reaches over and tugs on a loose curl. "Looks like your hair is  planning another revolt. You need to stop torturing it with those awful  pins."

"My hair, as always, is none of your concern," she tells  him tightly, swatting his hand away. "And you know perfectly well for  what."

"I thought you'd been best friends with boys since you  were twelve and nothing would shock you. Haven't you read the book  before? I'm sure you have; probably read all the ones in here."

"Harry and Ron are unlikely to want to use a reference text for wanking.  That's just---You need to leave, I think, before I decide to file a  complaint regarding your utter cheekiness and improper use of my books."

She  picks up a small stack of books from her desk and turns to stalk into  the aisles so she can put them away. At least, that's what she tells  herself as she runs to hide amongst the books and try to rid of her mind  of the image of Bill Weasley wanking while holding one. The  Spellcasters Guide is a lurid text, with moving illustrations and vulgar  descriptions that excite her even as she tells herself she shouldn't be  reading. She puts the books away quickly and efficiently before she  leans forward against the shelf and sighs. Why did he have to be so good  at getting under her skin?

"If you file a report, I'm afraid  that I'd have to file one of my own. I'd merely get reprimanded for any  complaint, but you very well might lose your precious department if the  goblins had any idea at all how you react to these books." The voice is  low and right by her ear. She straightens and starts to turn but Bill is  there pressing her against the shelf.

"You should leave. I have  no idea what you're talking about, but it's late and I'm tired of silly  quips," she says, biting her lip as she stares at the colored spines  before her. The scent of books is usually comforting and arousing, but  Bill's scent is even stronger, surrounding her now as it blends  perfectly with the ink and parchment and makes her think about sex.

"Oh,  you know perfectly well what I'm talking about. Why else was your hand  on your thigh as you read that ridiculous book earlier? I saw it when I  arrived, just like I've seen quite a few things since my transfer here,"  he murmurs, moving his hands down her arms and raising them until her  hands are on the shelf in front of her. "Touch them, Hermione. You know  you want to. Look at the colors and textures. That's what appeals to  you, isn't it? I didn't understand, at first, just thought it was  fucking hot once I got over the shock of seeing you with your robes  around your waist and your hand in your knickers while you touched the  books. Now I know, though. Always have been a fast study."

"When?"  she asks in a strangled voice as a pounding in her ears becomes so loud  she thinks she might faint. He knew. He knew her secret, had obviously  caught her and, oh god, he'd watched her.

"Weeks ago," he  practically purrs against her ear. "After you scolded me for dropping  the copy of Indian Charms, I came back after work to apologize and I saw  you. Fucking hell, it was amazing. So bloody prim and uptight, but you  were wearing this pair of skimpy red knickers and had stockings on and  your hair was loose. Fucking love when your hair is loose."

"That  was right after you transferred," she squeaks, curling her fingers  around the shelf in front of her as he talks about her knickers and her  hair. She whines when she feels his lips on her neck before he pulls the  pins from her hair and runs his fingers through it. What is she doing?  This is---unbelievably erotic. No, it's wrong. Right. It's wrong and  needs stoppped but, god, it's exciting.

"Oh yeah, it was," he  agrees, pressing close enough that she can feel his erection against the  small of her back. "Touch them, Hermione. You know you want to, so just  give in and do it. Be reckless with me."

"I can't. It's  embarrassing and wrong. Besides, we can't do this. It's just an awkward  situation, so we're best off to forget about it and just go on about our  business."

He tightens his grip in her hair and turns her head so she's forced to look at him. "There is nothing wrong with you. If there is, then there's obviously something wrong  with me for wanking while I watched you and for trying to understand and  finally getting it." He smiles then, a rather sheepish smile as he  ducks his head and looks up at her through long ginger lashes. "Been  trying to get your attention for weeks, but you just sneer and turn up  that pretty little nose and treat me like I'm bloody Ron. Got tired of  waiting. Besides, I'm more of a man of action once I have a plan."

She listens closely, as he says quite a lot even without words, but she keeps coming back to one thing. "You understand?"

"Yes."

That  one word does it. She has no idea if he's being honest about, well,  planning to seduce her because, really, the idea is mind-boggling  considering who he is, nor does she know if this is just an experiment, a  one time thing to prove to himself that he can get into her knickers.  At this moment, though, she doesn't care. She will after, most likely,  when she feels ashamed and guilty for giving in to her desires, but  that's not important right now. She stares at him, looking at the  earnest look on his face and the blue of his eyes and the rough texture  of the scar covering his cheek, and she knows it's time to be reckless.  Just this once.

She reaches up to touch his face, carefully  stroking the scarred skin as if it were a page in one of her books. "You  won't tell anyone." It's not a question because she knows it's true. He  does understand, which makes her heart race and her body warm. "You  shouldn't have spied on me. That was an invasion of privacy, and I  should hex you and send you on your way."

"It's a public place,  at work, no less, and I think you'd have got off on knowing you were  being watched by a bloke so aroused by the sight of you that he had to  wank even when he was conflicted by thoughts of you being the uptight ex  of his baby brother."

Bill moves into her touch, dragging his  teeth across his bottom lip as he rubs his cheek against her hand. "Ron  never understood," she says simply.

"He wouldn't, but I'd rather  not talk about him when I'm standing here harder than I've been in years  and want nothing more than to rip off that robe to see what daring  knickers you're wearing underneath."

"There'll be no ripping my  robe, Weasley. Charms or not, it's impossible to repair clothes to fit  properly after they've been ripped." She drops her hand and reaches for  the shelf, lightly caressing the spines of the books. "And who says I'm  wearing anything at all."

"Oh, you're wearing something. Being  naked is too common for you. You like the thrill of knowing you're  dressed like a wicked tart beneath this ugly black robe," he says  confidently. "I can see it in that little smirk you get anytime I  mention how horrid these things are or when you're dealing with those  prats who can't see behind the books and prissiness. Shall we see what  you're wearing today?"

"Calling me a tart isn't a very good way  to secure access beneath my robe," she says dryly even as her fingers  curl around a large volume."You're right, however reluctant I am to  acknowledge that fact. Wearing nothing at all beneath work robes is  crass and unseemly. I suppose it would require further research on your  part to determine what I am, actually, wearing beneath it today."

"Now,  see, if you just made all research this hands-on, I'd definitely be  more agreeable to my transfer." He presses in behind her and deftly  unbuttons her robe without even having to look.

"Fortunately, we  don't receive assignments that involve curses being placed on my girly  bits." She traces the words on the book spines, feeling the breaks in  smooth leather and the rough changes in texture while he licks her neck.  When he parts her robe, she pulls a book from the shelf and opens it,  inhaling the scent as he moves his hands over the black lace demibra  that barely covers her breasts. The matching knickers are just a scrap  of silk and lace that ride so low her pubic hair is mostly bare. She  blushes when he touches her, knowing he's the first man in far too long  to see her this way, but tells herself that he's obviously already seen  it during his spying on her. God, she should be so upset with him for  that, will be when the desire fades, but, right now, she just finds it  incredibly arousing.

"I love this set. It's not my favorite,  that's the red silk I saw that first time, but these are a close second.  These knickers that barely even qualify for the name," he murmurs,  cupping her with his large hand as he rubs the crotch with his finger,  "and this bra that is obviously a cup size too small." He moves his  other hand to her breast, squeezing before he tugs on her nipple through  the lace.

"I don't think they'd fit you, but perhaps we could  find a set in your size," she manages to say, moaning softly as she  touches parchment while he rubs lace against her nipple.

"Is that  one of the things that made Ron run away scared? Heard you were too  kinky for him, wanted to try all these things that horrified the poor  ickle baby, but he didn't mention having to wear your knickers. Course, I  got him right pissed before asking so he'd not be too suspicious, so  maybe he forgot. I can be kinky, Hermione. Want me to show you?"

"You!  Oh god," she whines when he presses the heel of his hand against her  clit, unable to even properly scold him for asking Ron about her  sexually, an idea that makes her press back and rub her bum against his  erection in a way that makes her realize she's utterly depraved.

"Is  that a yes?" he asks, not even giving her time to think much less  answer. He murmurs something against her neck and she feels magic wind  around her ankles and wrists. She gasps when she's suddenly pulled  against the bookshelf, facing him with her robes open and her chest  heaving. He smiles wickedly as he strips off his shirt and looks at her  in a way that makes her wiggle and pull against the magic binding her.  "You like this, don't you? Having someone else take control and being  surrounded by all your books?"

"No," she denies even as her nipples tighten even more and her knickers become damp.

"Liar,"  he accuses before he kisses her. It's unlike any kiss she's ever had  before. Rough and desperate, like he has to kiss her or he'll not be  able to stand it. She parts her lips and returns the kiss, arching off  the shelf as she pulls at the magic keeping her firmly in place. He  grinds against her before he pulls back, breathing hard and looking as  dazed as she felt. "Bloody hell."

"I don't like being confined,"  she tells him primly, rather pleased that she can manage such a tone  when her bra is shoved above her breasts and she's moaning like, well,  someone she's not.

"It's a simple charm you could easily break if  you wanted. I'd not use anything that forced you," he says smugly.  "Now, where was I? Oh, right. I was about to make you scream for me."

"We'll see. It takes a lot to make me scream, Weasley."

"I think I'm up to the task."

"Was that an attempt at crude humor or merely cocky arrogance rearing its ugly head?"

"There's nothing ugly about my cocky head, Granger."

"Ah, then crude humor it is."

"You're supposed to be so overwhelmed with passion that you stop challenging me, you know? Hence the magical binding and near nakedness."

"Oh, sorry. You really should send a memo next time, just so I'm aware of my responsibilities as the seducee."

"I'll be sure to write one next time I attempt a seduction, in triplicate so your stupid rules are followed."

"Are  you planning to excite me with talk about rules or do you intend to  actually move at some point? This position isn't particularly  comfortable, especially when these knickers are riding up my bum."

"Guess I should just remove them then, merely for your comfort."

"Ow! Bloody hell, Bill! There's a charm for that that doesn't require elastic being ripped and stinging skin."

"Yes,  but the charm doesn't make your tits bounce as you move and it doesn't  leave that lovely red mark on your bare skin. It also doesn't make you  moan and arch forward offering that sweet cunt to me like you just did."

"It  hurt," she mutters, blushing as he stares between her legs like he's  never seen one before. "I assure you that mine is normal and in perfect  working order."

"Huh?" Bill looks up and blinks at her before his  cheeks become faintly red. "Brat. I'll tell you if it's in perfect  working order soon enough." He swats her hip as if scolding her for  catching him looking like a teenager who's never seen a girl's bits  before and reaches behind her. He presses against her, rubbing  deliberately as he makes a show of browsing the shelf. "What should we  choose? Perhaps Herbology. That's not often needed in our line of work,  and it is about growing and nurturing things."

"You are not  looking for a book to read while you've got me like this," she says,  flinching as she hears how hesitant her tone is. If this is just a joke,  she'll curse him so badly that he can never get another erection his  entire life.

“While I do like to read, far more than you seem  capable of believing, this is certainly not the right time,” he agrees  as he straightens up. He’s holding a thick book with a smooth brown  leather cover. She inhales sharply when he moves the book across her  belly. “That feel good?”

“Bill, what---”

He grins and  banishes her bra before lowering his head and sucking her nipple. While  sucking, he moves the book up her ribs. The leather feels amazing, and  she whines softly as she curls her fingers into her hand. “Yeah, you  like that, baby. Knew you would,” he murmurs before his tongue curls  around her nipple. He raises his head and smiles as he opens the book.  “Hmm. The parchment is a bit worn from age and the ink is fading, but it  feels quite nice. See?”

She looks at it and nods dumbly,  leaning back against the shelf and feeling the variety of books press  against parts of her skin. He runs his thumb over the pages so they  flutter against her nipple, which causes her to make a sound she’s never  made before. It becomes worse when he cups her breast with the book,  rubbing the pages over both sides of it while he scrapes his teeth along  her neck.

“Have you never done this before? I’ve seen you touch  the books, feel them with your hands as you stroke this pretty little  cunt, but you’ve never once given into the impulse to feel them on your  tits? On your belly?” he asks, watching her face for the answer. He  groans and presses closer, rubbing his erection against her thigh. “God,  you’re so fucking hot. ‘bout to get hotter.”

Instead of asking  what he means, she watches him focus his wand on the now closed book and  murmur something she can’t hear. Her eyes widen as she watches it  slowly shrink and take on another shape entirely. “Oh god.”

“Never  had to transfigure one of these before, but it’s a damn good job, if I  do say so myself,” he says with a smirk before he brings the curved end  up to her lips. “Lick it, love. It’s soon going to be inside you, so  you’ll want to make sure it’s nice and wet.”

“This---you---Bill,”  she stammers, unable to believe he’s had the audacity to transfigure  the book into a dildo. He moves his leg between hers and presses against  her hard, which makes her gasp. The dildo is suddenly in her mouth, and  she tastes leather as her tongue instinctively curls around it. She  turns her head, trying to get it out of her mouth.

“Is something wrong?” he asks worriedly.

“It’s leather!” That should surely be enough explanation. “Old leather, at that. Not exactly arousing, Bill.”

“Right. Okay,” he says, making a face. “Sorry, wasn’t thinking. Did I ruin the mood?”

“Damaged  it slightly but not ruined. The, uh, your transfiguration is very  creative, and there’s somewhere else that you could use it without  worrying about the taste.” She blushes even as she meets his eyes and  tugs on her bindings.

“Well, yes, obviously! That was my intent all along and you really think it’s creative?”

“My  arms are starting to hurt. Shall we discuss your transfiguration  techniques at a later, more appropriate, date?” she asks. “You know,  this seduction of yours isn’t going so well.”

“You’re just being  difficult to seduce,” he informs her. He smiles before he kisses her,  effectively removing the lingering taste of old leather as he strokes  her tongue with his. When he pulls back, he moves his hand over her  breast and squeezes. “Fortunately, I always love a challenge. Now, where  were we?”

“You were making me gag on old leather while my arms ache.”

“It  hasn’t been that long, Granger, so stop whining. Your arms are fine,  and they’re not even that high anyway.” He lowers them, though, until  they’re spread out on her sides, which does help her back and shoulders.

She’s never been seduced before, but she has to think that this  is definitely not the norm. There’s no candles or romantic music and  he’s definitely not smooth and perfect. Oddly enough, she prefers the  flaws and realness. “I don’t whine, but thank you for lowering them.”

“Welcome,” he murmurs before he sucks her nipple.

She feels the dildo press against her, and it’s not all unpleasant when it’s poking against those lips. When he slowly begins to ease it inside her, she gasps, unable to  believe she’s actually being fucked by a book. Literally. The idea  nearly makes her come even before he begins to move it in and out at an  increasing speed. He flicks his tongue against her nipple as she rocks  her hips back and forth.

“Want you to come all over your precious  book. Want to hear you cry out and scream and beg for me to fuck you,”  he says, hot breath against her damp skin. She isn’t used to hearing  things like this, especially not from Bill, and she tightens around the  dildo as he keeps talking. “Knew you’d look like this. Knew you’d be so  amazing when you finally let go and gave in. That’s it, Hermione. So  fucking sexy.”

She cries out as she comes, trembling as her  orgasm hits so hard she has to close her eyes and ride it out. The dildo  is pulled out of her and suddenly Bill’s slamming completely inside  her. Her eyes flash open and she gasps as he stretches her far more than  the book. His lips are all over her face and neck, licking and nipping  and sucking as he relentlessly pounds into her. She hears him whisper  something that releases the magic binding her before he lifts her arse  and she raises her legs to wrap them around him.

The shelf is  behind her, shaking with each hard thrust, and she can hear books  falling but can only think about how good he feels inside her and how  aroused she is as he fucks her. She tangles her fingers in his hair and  bites his shoulder as she rolls her hips to meet him, riding him just as  hard as he’s fucking her. The teasing is over for now, leaving urgent  need for satisfaction and each other.

It doesn’t take long before  his back arches and his hips jerk forward. He buries himself deep  inside her as he comes, grunting as he spills but keeps moving. She  scratches his back and pulls his hair, giving up any pretense of being  gentle and demure. He knows better, knows how kinky she is and how  depraved she wants to be, and he still wants her, so he obviously  doesn’t care. When he moves them, she holds him tight, surprised when he  sits her on the table, knocking over her research and books.

Then  he slides out of her, come dripping to the floor as she sits balanced  on the edge of the wood, and she watches him kneel and move between her  legs. “Oh god,” she whispers when she realizes his intent, shifting as  she stares and spreads her legs wider.

“Warned you,” he says,  flashing a wicked smile before he drags his tongue over her cunt. He  starts to lick her, lapping up his come and hers as he nuzzles her clit  with his nose and makes slurping sounds that cause her toes to curl.

She  reaches down and grips his hair as she falls back against the table and  rides his tongue. He presses two fingers into her once he’s licked up  the come, and she squeezes her breast as she inhales the scent of books  and Bill and sex. When she comes the second time, she whimpers and  shudders, rocking against his hand until she finally pushes him away.

He  leans down and kisses her, curling his tongue around hers as she sucks  his tongue, tasting them on him. He pulls back and caresses her face,  tracing her lips with his thumb as he smiles. “What does the rule book  say about having sex with a coworker on company property?”

“It’s  forbidden, of course, and can result in termination, depending on the  offense,” she says, her voice rather breathless after all of that.

“I guess that means we’ll have to be careful and not get caught in the future, huh?”

Future.  She blinks and then smiles, feeling suddenly very shy despite their  kinky activities that concluded just a few moments ago. “Careful is  good,” she tells him, “as is possibly using our own flats on occasion.”

“Perhaps,  on occasion. I do have quite a nice private library, after all. Would  hate to see it just go to waste when it could be used for such enjoyable  pursuits.”

“A private library of your own? With bookshelves full of books or simply books stacked on the floor?”

“Bookshelves,” he purrs against her lips. “A half dozen or more, full of books I’ve collected over the years of travel and, well, quite a few  in the past weeks, too. Ulterior motives, certainly, but one must be  prepared for anything.”

“Constant vigilance,” she says with a  slight smirk, excited at the thought of his private library as well as  continuing what she assumed was a one off.

“If you start making  me feel jealous of my library, I’ll be forced to make sure you know what  exactly books can’t do for you that I can,” he warns her, brushing his  fingers through her hair.

“There’s no need to be jealous,  Weasley,” she tells him, smiling as she reaches up to pull him down for a  kiss. “I hate to admit to being wrong, but I daresay that your attempt  at seduction was a success.”

He smirks in between nibbles on her  lips. “You think? Whatever gave you that idea, Granger? And you‘d better  get used to being wrong, since I‘m always right.”

“Hmph. One  benefit to books is that they aren’t cheeky smart arses who talk back,”  she muses, looking to the side at one of the thick tomes on the table.  “See? It just sits there quietly waiting for me to touch it.”

“Fine. I’m not always right,” he admits in a sulky tone that makes her smile as she rolls her  head back to look up at him. He kisses her thoroughly before he smiles  smugly. “Just most of the time.”

Before she can mutter at him, he  kisses her again, slow and teasing as he crawls onto the wobbly wooden  table with her. When it doesn't collapse under their weight, she relaxes  into the kiss. She decides to let him believe he has control for now.  After all, she still owes him for binding her and can think of several  things she’s read in the past that will make him scream for her. She  waits until he pulls back and says, “We’ll see about that,” before she  kisses him again.

End



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



