



Right and Smile - carlynagisa - Wen Hao sutoreidotugusu
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Right and Smile
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/7188782.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
文豪ストレイドッグス | Bungou Stray Dogs
Relationship:
Dazai Osamu/Nakahara Chuuya
Character:
Dazai Osamu, Nakahara Chuuya, Mori Ougai (Bungou Stray Dogs), Ozaki Kouyou
Additional Tags:
Soukoku, Soukoku Week, Day 1, Port mafia, Childhood Memories, Once upon a time on the same side, this got too long so I divided it into 2 parts, fluff for now, Prostitution mention, I LOVE THESE CHILDREN, Angst, I'm Going to Hell, Day 7, Is this how you wish me a happy birthday Chuuya?
Collections:
Soukoku Week 2016
Stats:

        Published: 2016-06-13
          Completed: 2016-06-19
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 10530
      

Right and Smile
by carlynagisa
Summary
Dazai was intrigued by Kouyou's new disciple. Fascinaton grew into fondness, friendship, trust.
Chuuya was his, ever since they were children Dazai owned him after all. At least for one night.
Soukoku throughout the years.
 
 
 For Soukoku week Day 1: Port Mafia / Childhood memories / "Once upon a time on the same side"
Update: Soukoku week Day 7: Is this how you wish me a happy birthday, Chuuya?
Notes
yay Soukoku week has begun! And I love it.So here is my contribution, this long mess. It got so long I had to divide it into two parts.It's not as angsty as expected, at least for now~
Warnings: usage of really bad French and prostitution mentionsEnjoy!

          See the end of the work for more notes





Memories of how we came to be




“People talk of “social outcasts.” The words apparently denote the miserable losers of the world, the vicious ones, but I feel as though I have been a “social outcast” from the moment I was born. If ever I meet someone society has designated as an outcast, I invariably feel affection for him, an emotion which carries me away in melting tenderness.” 

― Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human

 
 The rain was spluttering mercilessly down on the small dirty backstreet, drowning the concrete and rubble in muddy sullage. The woman was running through the street regardless of that, ignoring the dirt and stains that were sullying her dress, tightly holding onto the hand of a small child, dragging it along harshly. Despite having problems catching up to the woman and keeping her pace, the child soldiered on, not daring to speak up after receiving a harsh scolding from the woman for falling behind before.Stopping after turning yet another corner, the woman turned and listened, hearing nothing but the unyielding rain and the child’s panting as well as her own. Sighing softly, she relaxed her stance and allowed herself to rest, it seemed that her pursuers had finally lost her trail. 
The silence was disturbed by a small tugging on her wrist and a silent “Maman?” coming from the child beside her, that was met with a glare and a harshly whispered “Pas maintenant, Chuuya. Tais-toi!”Before the child could answer, the silence was broken once more, this time by the footsteps of a single person; the woman despaired, they got caught after all. A single man leisurely strolled up the back ally, lazy smile on his face while his eyes showed no mirth or emotion, intensely set on the woman.“Ah what a blessing to have such a beauty back in our humble country!” He greeted the woman, completely ignoring the surfacing panic on her face and her stance that resembled a cornered wild animal, ready to flee. “I sincerely hope that you had a good time in France, running off with a customer and living the dream of every courtesan after all. Though we all were quite sad to hear that you left with no goodbye or notice.”He did not sound sad at all; in fact, he was not even trying and when he said sad to hear, he meant he was sent to punish her for her actions, of that she was sure. And in the Port Mafia, punishment for betrayal meant death.“Oh my, Mori-sama, I did not know that they would send you to retrieve me,” she purred, of course they were not trying to retrieve her, but to save her skin she had to act, right now. She shrugged off the child that was tugging on her sleeve with ever increasing vigor and panic, not understanding a word of the exchange between the two adults. 
“If you missed me that much, I know just the right thing to do for a reconciliation~” A futile effort on her part and she knew that as soon as Mori’s mouth started twitching and his gaze became colder.“A tempting offer indeed; after all you were known of being one of the best. Still, I fear I’ll have to decline.” With that he pulled out a formerly concealed gun, slowly pointing it right at her head. “You know what betraying the Port Mafia means after all,” he said with a surfacing smile.Hearing the safety trigger being pulled off, the woman started to panic, knowing that she would die in the next few minutes. The child noticed the gun as well, the tugging on her sleeve becoming even more vigorous and its face overpowered by fear. “Maman!” It shouted, “J’ai peur, ce qui se passe?” Mori stopped hearing this, seemingly only now noticing the child at her side. 

At that moment the woman had an idea, born out of desperation, fear of her own life and a surfacing wickedness that showed her true character.“Wait!” She shouted while showing the child in front of her and was glad that Mori actually stopped. “Wait, let’s make a deal. You can have the child! Here, that’s my son, you can have him instead of me and make him do whatever. Just keep me alive and let me go!”Her pleading seemed to work, since Mori lowered his gun and looked at her with a cocked head and apparently actually considering the offer. Seeing a silver lining the woman went on: “Keep him as a prostitute, kill him, I don’t care, as long as I-“SLASH.Before she could say another word, her throat was cleanly slit through by an ominous deity that materialized right in front of her and vanished just as quickly, her body falling onto the muddy concrete, rapidly losing blood and after a minute, her life as well.Accompanied by the child’s screaming and sobbing over his mother’s fallen body, a young beautiful woman approached the scene, face hardened and regarding the dead body with disgust.

 “Ah, Kouyou-san, how nice of you to join us!” Mori was delighted, completely unfazed by the murder right in front of him. Kouyou bowed slightly as a greeting at the Mafia executive, before approaching the body and the sobbing child, who tried to somehow resurrect his mother.“I heard everything,” she muttered. “What a vile and disgusting person she was. Offering her own child… I’m sorry for taking your kill, Mori-san, but I had to kill her before she could say one more word.” Kouyou leaned down in front of the child, uncaring that her expensive and beautiful kimono got muddy and put a hand on his shoulder. 

“I’m sorry that you had to witness this, honey.” Her voice was completely changed from before, now sweet and cautious. “But I had to do it. Of course she was your mother and I’m sure you loved her-“She was interrupted by the child violently flinching away from her, face contorted by panic and fear, slowly crouching away from her. He was uttering “Maman” the entire time, slowly moving onto himself, into a tight ball of small limbs.“Maman, dis quest-ce que c’est, Maman… reveille-toi!”The voice was just as small as the child and wavering with sobs and Kouyou suddenly understood. “Hush, mon chéri,” she tried to approach the child in French. “Tout ira bien, je suis lá pour toi. Viens ici, comment tu t’appelles?” This actually seemed to work, much to Mori’s surprise, as the child actually looked up at Kouyou and threw himself into her arms, not registering that the person he now so fervently sobbed into was the person who just killed his mother with her ability.Ah children, he thought, so naïve and innocent in their youth.“Chuuya,” the child finally said, accent heavy and nearly incomprehensible through his tears.“Je m’appelle Chuuya. Chuuya Nakahara.”
  Dazai Osamu was restless.He never could have imagined that cancelling his daily training with Mori and thus receiving various bruises, injuries and inconveniences (this on both sides naturally) would leave him… bored and that shocked him. It was not that he had no hobbies nor friends and was therefore bored out of his mind, no not at all, he could always laze around and bother the members of the Port Mafia.And as for friends, there was always… okay maybe he was lacking in this context but he was certainly not bored. It was totally typical for a child of eleven years to laze around on the spacy couches in the main building of the Mafia and pestering everyone nearby, which lead to him being all alone. Totally childlike, right?Just yesterday the current Port Mafia Boss declared Dazai as his personal heir, one day following his example and ruling the whole organization. And right now Mori was all ecstatic, uttering something about needing to celebrate this, earning a whole lot of skepticism out of Dazai. It was not like they were close or liked each other, after all Mori was aspiring to become Boss as well, so of course he was doubtful of that change of mind.Right now though? No Mori and nothing to do.Just as Dazai was pondering on training anyway all by himself (he had other hobbies, okay?), Mori did enter the room, seemingly searching for him.“Speak of the devil,” Dazai remarked, uncaring that Mori clearly heard him. The older man approached him with a scowl.“I’m heartbroken, Dazai-kun. Must you despise me so openly?” He asked in a mocking sad voice. “And just as I wanted to give you a present for your promotion. Well out of the kindness of my heart, I’ll forgive you this once. But just because my present is so perfect!” 

Ugh, okay Dazai took everything back, some solitude and boredom please! He did not know how it happened but Dazai actually took the bait and followed Mori to where this seemingly incredible present for him was kept; and that was apparently in the red light district of Yokohama, Kogane-cho, more specific in the brothel that the Mafia executive Ozaki Kouyou ran quite successfully.Dazai scowled, if this was a trick for Mori meeting up with Kouyou-san for a cup of tea he would murder the older man in his sleep. And since he was Dazai Osamu, of course he was right, of course he found himself in a secluded room with Kouyou-san, Mori and tea and of fucking course he was ignored for idle chitchat. What a nice present indeed… Everything was just the same as always, Kouyou as beautiful and dignified as ever, Mori a two faced bastard as always and even the room as immaculate as always.The only change he noticed was the errand boy that brought them their tea, head subserviently bowed and highly concentrated on his task, clad in an exquisite blue tinged kimono, not speaking a single word the whole time. It seemed like Kouyou took an interest in the boy since she nodded at him after receiving her tea and he even was allowed to stay in the room during their conversation, something no one before him was allowed out of fear of eavesdroppers.So since everything was the same save for this boy, Dazai instantly took notice of him and studied him with hooded eyes, immediately noticing why Kouyou took him in: Foreign features, definitively not completely Japanese breed, soft auburn curls that framed the androgynous face, a lithe and small body and where that blue eyes? Dazai had not often seen blue eyes in his short life but even he could tell that they were especially pretty, something about the sparkling blue held him captive and that clearly too long. The boy noticed him staring, immediately averting his eyes, retreating into his corner and staring at the floor. 

Was he embarrassed? Dazai had to suppress as chuckle, this was just cute.The others noticed as well, Kouyou giving him a warning look – Kouyou never acted protective so this boy really was special – and Mori only chuckled, apparently remembering what they came here for.“Oh yes, Kouyou-san my dear. The reason we came here on this nice day was actually to give Dazai a present for his recent promotion. You heard about it I suppose?” Kouyou nodded at that, of course she heard, everyone heard about it.Mori went on, chipper as always: “To celebrate him becoming a man, I wanted to gift him a real treat that all men certainly enjoy.” He turned to Dazai, smile even wider. 

“My gift for you is one night with one of Kouyou’s wonderful courtesans. Take your pick and don’t worry about the price, it’s all on me!”Silence.
What. The. Hell?
Dazai looked at Mori as if he just grew a second head, for once at a loss for words. Kouyou looked actually furious, accidently knocking over her half empty cup of tea and she seemingly had enough words for the both of them.“Are you out of your mind?! That is not a gift you can just grant him. How old is he anyway? Eleven? You…” Wow, Dazai had never heard Kouyou stutter!In the meantime, the boy approached the table once more and tried to clean up the mess. “I can’t believe you! I’m not playing along with your shenanigans. No Mori-san, just no.” Mori seemed more surprised by the outburst than anything.“Ah so the gift is not appropriate?” He inquired, “I thought it would be a real treat for him. Boys having to grow up so fast nowadays.”Dazai was still at a loss of words, this conversation had just turned really weird, of course the Lolita lover would not get normal etiquette. He watched how the boy frantically tried to soak up all the spilled tea, quietly conversing with Kouyou in a foreign language (Dazai was bothered that he did not understand a word; but the boy had a beautiful voice) and nearly missed Mori’s next question.“So when would be the appropriate age Kouyou-san?” Koyuou looked at him troubled, quietly pondering about her next words. 

“Sixteen I guess. I’d never allow someone below that age here anyway, worker or customer.” What was the boy doing here then anyway?Mori looked thoughtful for a moment and then shrugged. “Sixteen it is then. So Dazai-kun, you can have whoever you want once you turn sixteen. Choose whoever you like~”Despite still having nearly five more years until he had to choose his courtesan and not receiving his gift earlier than that, his mind was already made up. His brown eyes met the sparkling blue irises of the boy whose name he still did not know once more and to everyone’s shock he pointed directly at him.“Him. I want him.”
  The boy’s name was Nakahara Chuuya as Dazai learned later that day and Kouyou did indeed adopt him under the Port Mafia’s guidance. He found out as well that he was the same age as Dazai, had lived all his life in France and therefore did not speak a word Japanese, though Kouyou was teaching him the basics whenever she wasn’t too busy.What really sparked his interest though was that Chuuya was the child of a former courtesan (which explained his beauty that already showed despite his young age) and that he would be groomed to become a courtesan as well; despite Kouyou’s vehement protests Chuuya would be sold to the highest bidder once he reached adolescence. 

Dazai had no pity for this cruel fate, this was the Port Mafia after all and everyone had to pull their own weight in exchange for food and shelter, no matter how young or scared.Chuuya did not seem scared though, either because he did not understand what was expected of him in the future or because he just did not care, gladly exchanging his old life for the Mafia. And right into this mess waltzed Mori with his ridiculous offer, which most likely foiled every single plan the higher ups had for the boy and his future. Mori basically bought the boy in advance, to a set amount of money to spend his first night along with Dazai.Kouyou was appalled and horror-stricken, Mori was smug and Dazai?Dazai was happy.His day had gone better than expected and now he suddenly owned a boy (not literally of course, but for Dazai and his youthful mind it clearly seemed that way). The only thing that bothered him was that the other boy, Chuuya, he reminded himself, did not understand a word and thus could not understand Dazai or what he just got himself into.Well, Dazai mused as he regarded the boy who looked utterly confused at the suddenly heated discussion Mori’s offer had caused, he just had to change that. 
 Abolishing the communication barrier proved to be tougher than expected, since Dazai did not speak a word French and neither of the boys spoke English well enough to communicate. But since this was Dazai he was used to getting whatever he wanted in the end and this time he wanted Chuuya – to understand him and be at his every whim of course! He kind of owned the boy after all, so he had to get them to talk at least.In a bout of ingenuity, Dazai purchased a whole stack of language as well as sign books and waltzed straight into Chuuya’s room in the brothel he was currently residing in. Chuuya looked shocked at the other boy, he still had to exchange a single word with the strange boy who currently smiled quite manically at him.“Bonjour, Chuuya!” Dazai greeted enthusiastically and with that his whole repertoire of French was already spent. “I’m Dazai, as Kouyou surely told ya and I’m here to get to know you! We’re gonna be great buddies after all~” Chuuya’s shock changed into confusion as he regarded the intruder warily, it was clear that he did understand nothing but the greeting.Dazai, never to be bothered by tiny setbacks, got to work by strolling through the room and joining Chuuya on his bed before spreading all of his books out beside him. The other boy jumped back slightly, still confused at what this was about. Dazai mused that he just got back from training since he was still wearing a nice and elegant kimono (in such a small and cute size at that!), this time also in a matching blue colour in sync with his eyes. 

He really was beautiful.That he was being trained in this kind of work disgusted and excited the Mafia heir at the same time, after all he was getting to see the results in time, but the same goes for a whole bunch of other people…Shaking himself out of his stupor Dazai patted the spot beside him, smiled at the other and opened the first book, sign language, they had work to do after all.  It seemed like Kouyou already taught Chuuya the basics of the basics of Japanese and they were both incredibly lucky that Chuuya turned out to be a fast learner and highly skilled in terms of languages. While Dazai still struggled with his French – he could order food and greet people with more than a Bonjour now at least – Chuuya seemed to flourish and open up with every new word he learned. It was really heartwarming how this former shy and small boy grew into a cheery and well… still small boy.At the moment Chuuya was able to hold a simple conversation in Japanese and understood even more of it and while his writing in Kanji still lacked a bit, he as well as Dazai became soon fluent in sign language, so that they could talk to each other without further problems.Even more important than that was that the two of them slowly became closer, wariness became teasing, blatant distrust transformed into a shared bond, they became friends at last.Chuuya finally felt like he was more than an outcast and found someone other than Kouyou-nee he could turn to when thoughts of his late mother resurfaced and Dazai at last found a distraction from his boredom, his little project slowly taking over a whole portion of his life.While Chuuya still learned the teachings of becoming a courtesan and Dazai still spent more time than he’d like with Mori and trainings and beatings, they found time to spent with each other on a near daily occurrence and grew nearly inseparable, something neither had felt before.Still, Dazai never spoke of the deal Mori had with Kouyou and what it would mean in the end for them both, keeping Chuuya blissfully in ignorance, but the judging and furious looks Kouyou still gave him whenever the two of them met and whenever it involved Chuuya never deceasing. For his bond with Chuuya Dazai gave away the relationship with Kouyou in the end, though Dazai could not get himself to care for that too much, the deal was favorable for him in a lot of more ways.“You look like you’re thinking too hard,” Chuuya muttered as he dumped himself next to Dazai on the floor one day some years after their meeting and after studying for hours again, accent nearly unnoticeable. “Be careful or your head will explode. It can’t deal with too much stuff.”Ah, another negative side effect of Chuuya growing up and learning their language: He became snarky as hell. Not that Dazai complained, he could be just as rough and snarky with him as well, something none of them would dare with the higher ups that were taking care of them.“I fear that your head will explode before that, Chuuya. Those disgusting hats can’t be good for your blood circulation~”, ah how he loved those lazy conversations!Chuuya just hit him slightly in the stomach, not aiming to hurt. They spent more time in comfortable silence. This was normal, typical, perfect. Dazai never wanted this to change. 

There was sighing beside him and when Dazai looked up he saw his friend slowly getting up again, way too soon for his liking.“I’d love to beat you up right now, but unfortunately I’ll have training with Kouyou-nee in a few minutes.” He kicked him slightly in the rips. “So get up and then get out, I have to change.”And with that Dazai’s good mood vanished just like that. Training meant getting taught in the arts of a courtesan, mainly seduction and pleasure and Dazai still did not like that Chuuya was getting acquainted with this. The thoughts of Chuuya with other men and degrading himself like a whore brought his blood to boil, he was nothing like the women who sold themselves in the brothel, nothing like the bitch Chuuya had to call mother once upon a time. 

While the other in a fine and expensive kimono was a sight to behold and him being besides Kouyou the most beautiful person that wandered Yokohama’s red light district, Dazai hated the fact that with every passing day Chuuya’s initiation was coming nearer. If only Mori had bought him for more than one night an he'd be with Dazai longer, like forever, he could sleep more peaceful at night.With a sigh Dazai got up as well, watching with hooded eyes as his friend got ready. “Not this kimono, the blue one suits you better.”The other whirled around, kimono in his hands and face tinged red. “W-what do you know about fashion anyway? You’re an uncultivated oaf after all!” Aaaw, he was blushing!“And I told you to get out!” With a chuckle Dazai fled the room when a Geta was thrown his way, noting how Chuuya abandoned his kimono in favour of a blue one.
  As if fate had intervened, Chuuya’s whole carefully out planned future was in shambles once he developed an ability; and as if that wasn’t noteworthy enough he developed an ability strong enough to wreak havoc and that maneuvered him right into the focus of the Port Mafia’s higher executives. An ability like “For the tainted Sorrow” (courtesy of Dazai, only he could ever come up with a name like that) was just way too valuable to rot away in a brothel, so instead Chuuya was brought to the Mafia’s main hideout and instantly trained in hand to hand combat as well as other material arts.This meant moving away from the red light district and Kouyou-nee, the only home he had ever known and right into a harsh training regime that would have killed a person with a lesser will, though luckily Chuuya was grateful enough for everything the Mafia did during his life to hang on and definitely stubborn enough to not only survive the training but to become one of the Port Mafia’s most skilled martial artists. Damn him and his learning ability that showed in everything Chuuya set his eyes on, Dazai mused.Dazai himself was… glad for everything happening around him.For one, Chuuya was near Dazai nearly all the time, save for when Dazai was on a mission himself. He first handedly experienced the growth his friend was experiencing, his ability and his physical strength, through observation or thanks to being on the receiving side of one of Chuuya’s punches (and damn, if those were tough before, now they were just exorbitant). Chuuya was becoming good and powerful at a scarily short amount of time, Dazai could not wait to go on a mission along with him.Second, Mori could not grow wary of Chuuya this way, the older man not being that happy about the time his protégé spent with the courtesan in training before. Now that Chuuya was around nearly all the time, Dazai was also around more and he could have an eye on both of them (and on possible surfacing threats due to them).The thing that put Dazai to rest and calmed him the most though was that Chuuya never would have to work at the brothel for real now. The thought of him along with other men and degrading himself in front of strangers, the thought that kept Dazai awake at night, would never come true now. Chuuya was save with him and would never succumb the way the person he once called his mother would.The deal Mori had with Kouyou was long pushed away into the corners of his mind, a thing of the past just like Chuuya’s previous occupation.  Of course once Chuuya was trained enough to go on actual missions, Dazai was there to accompany him.Their first task was to take care of some petty smugglers that crossed the Port Mafia in a bad way – nothing actually demanding or tough, but enough for a first mission – and Chuuya was ecstatic the whole time. Dazai huffed fondly at his partner’s (they were actually partners now) excited face. Their teamwork was splendid, nothing else expected out of a partnership that blossomed from yearlong friendship and trust, and their abilities complemented each other’s more than well. It was needless to say that their mission was a success, both of them coming out of it unscathed.Dazai was impressed by Chuuya who had learned so much in such a little time and whose ability was terrifying, though he had a feeling that this was not all the other could do, there was even something more sinister and frightening in his partner’s ability.He let it go for now, turning to his ecstatic partner instead, who watched the remains of their targets with wide eyes. 

“I hate to say this but I’m impressed. Who could’ve thought that such a little person could pack such a punch? I would’ve bet that you’d hide away like a scared cat and let me do everything.” Dazai hummed fondly, of course he knew all along that Chuuya would excel at his task.“Hah?!” The other turned around angrily and Dazai’s eyes widened, what a side to behold! The fight left Chuuya sweaty, panting harshly, eyes wide open but clear of any bothering thought and shining bluer than the sky on a sunny day. Beautiful.“-cidal maniac did nothing at all!”Dazai was so intrigued and stunned by his partner that he didn’t hear the tirade the other was throwing at him, most likely insulting him all the way. This was not good and totally out of character, Dazai mused. He needed a change of location before he’d say something he’d regret. So he clapped his hands, stopping Chuuya short in his anger and smiled broadly.“For real, I’m proud of you, Ch-uu-ya! I think we should celebrate!” He took the other’s wrist and pulled him along, enthusiastically. Chuuya slightly stumbled while being pulled out onto the street, struggling for his breath and dignity. 

“Celebrate?” He echoed. “Why and where do you want to celebrate? And we have to get back, the boss wants our report!”Ahh how naïve his innocent partner was! Dazai snorted, no one cared about reports anyway.“Celebrating our partnership of course~ now that I have such a blockhead like you for a partner who takes every blow gladly, I’ll never have to worry about getting hit again. At least you’re good for something now.” Better than selling yourself any time. The other growled, still being pulled along, while struggling to keep pace. Short people problems, Dazai laughed.They stopped in front of a bar after a while and miles of walking together, Chuuya’s wrist still in Dazai’s grip, a fact they both pointedly ignored.“I know you have a scatterbrain, but even you should know, that we’re minors and are not allowed in there,” Chuuya still raged on beside him, finally tugging his wrist free. The other only gave him an incredulous look, scandalized at such naiveté, and went along anyway.“You are so innocent my dear kouhai! After all these years you know nothing about Mafia business. How pitiful.” Without much ado Dazai just went on, gave the bouncer of the bar a single smile and went inside; Chuuya, confused about what just happened and resignedly accepting that Mafia rules went again common law, followed suite. Dazai learned another thing about Chuuya this night: He Loved alcohol. Yes, capital L since Chuuya was more than smitten with it, he was especially fond of wine, expensive wine. And he did not well with alcohol, if his fast drunken state was anything to go by, though Chuuya was adorable when rambling drunkenly. 

The Mafia heir sighed as his partner slumped down at the table, clearly enough alcohol in his system that he’d have a bad hangover tomorrow; apparently Chuuya had found his true love. And it wasn’t him.Mean.Putting some bills on the table (he’d charge Chuuya for this, this way Dazai would be broke sooner than later), he pulled the other upwards, half carrying, half dragging him out of the bar.The scene was romantic, Dazai guessed, as he pulled his partner’s drunken ass through the scenery, the moon was shining and their only witness, the sea the only noise disturbing their peace, yadda, yadda, yadda. Chuuya was snoring and drooling on his shoulder. Still Dazai was happy, humming softly off key, shouldering his partner some more.“You know,” he spoke into the silence, knowing that Chuuya could not hear him. “Now that you’re my partner I’ll never let you go. This is a lifelong commitment after all.”Truly he was glad, that everything happened this way. Dazai knew that the two of them would be invincible from now on and that their bond would only tighten more. No one but themselves could tear them apart now. It could perfectly stay that way forever.    
Everything crashed down around them one week before Dazai’s 16th birthday.
 



How we fell apart and mended ourselves
Chapter Summary
It's Dazai's birthday.He'd do anything to not celebrate this day, to go back to before.But a deal is a deal, right?
Chapter Notes
Happy birthday, Dazai!You deserve only the best, lots of love and a lap full of Chuuya (literally)~
So here's the second chapter where things get kinda messy. Somehow it did not turn out the way I wanted but yeah, you'll see.
 
 For Soukoku week, Day 7: "Is this how you wish me a appy birthday, Chuuya?"
 
Warnings: once again, mentions of prostitution and my terrible horrible usage of French.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes





“But happiness is being able to hope, however faintly, for happiness. So, at least, we must believe if we are to live in the world of today.”
― Osamu Dazai,  Blue Bamboo: Japanese Tales of Fantasy 

 
 
Everything crashed down around them one week before Dazai’s 16th birthday.
At fault was a single comment from Mori, newly proclaimed boss of the Port Mafia, spoken without menace but with enough hidden ulterior motive that Dazai could strangle him.
He regarded Chuuya and Dazai, his top team despite their young age, newly proclaimed as Double Black, for the absolute menace that they were, as they lounged in the lounge of their hideout, while the two of them were bickering about nothing and anything, slightly punching each other, just as always.
“I’m so glad that you two get along so splendidly after all that happened,” he smiled, though it did not reach his eyes. “It will make things so much easier when you finally accept your present, Dazai-kun, I bet you're already excited.”
Dazai stopped short in his movement of throwing Chuuya off the sofa, ice cold dread filling his entire body, rendering him immovable. No. He begged to any entity that might be watching over them, that cared for murderers and the scum they were, for Chuuya to ignore the statement.
Unfortunately, Chuuya did not get the clue, positioning himself onto the sofa besides Dazai again, shiny blue eyes blinking at him (how was it possible for him to still look this innocent after all that happened?).
“Oh yeah,” he said, “your birthday is coming up. You have something special planned, Mori-san?”
Dazai wanted to scream at him, to be silent, to shut his mouth, to leave the room immediately. He did none of that.
When he saw Mori’s cold smirk, he knew that it was over. Everything they had till now was over once Chuuya found out about the deal; a deal long forgotten in Dazai’s mind and rendered useless once Chuuya joined the Mafia.
Mori – this bastard! – acted innocent and blinked at Chuuya.
“My, Chuuya-kun, you don’t know? This is a present I already gave Dazai-kun five years ago. But since Kouyou-san was reluctant about his age, he is only receiving it now. I would’ve thought that you at least knew about this." He acted like innocence incarnate, now turning to adress Dazai directly.
"Dazai-kun, why did you never tell him?” Dazai felt bile rising in his throat, unable to say a word in his defense or to Chuuya who was looking at him confused.
“What should I know, Dazai?”
Please be quiet.
“What is Mori-san talking about?”
He couldn’t breathe, he couldn't ruin what they had, he couldn't do that to his friend, Dazai had to leave, now. Once again he did nothing. Apparently his uncharacteristic silence was too long since Chuuya’s gaze became unsure and Mori only chuckled.
“Cat got your tongue, Dazai-kun? There is nothing to be ashamed of! It’s only natural.” Then this bastard had the nerve to turn to Chuuya and address him directly.
“Since Dazai-kun wants to leave you surprised, I fear I have to tell you anyway, just for your own safety. When you two first met I gave him a great gift, he could choose any of Kouyou-san’s courtesans to be at his bidding for one night. Guess who he chose in the end.” He was smiling serenely, Dazai had never seen something more disgusting in his whole life.
Dazai saw movement out of the corner of his eyes, he just knew that Chuuya had turned to stare at him, eyes wide and flickering with emotions. The small “Dazai?” he received broke his heart. He just couldn’t turn to look at his partner, his body was like ice, he couldn’t speak though he knew that he should, that he had to!
The voice of their Boss went on regardless, uncaring of what it just destroyed.
“I have paid a good amount of money for you, Chuuya-kun. I have high expectations in your skills, you better make it worth.”
Dazai squeezed his eyes shut. Regardless of that he could not blend out the startled gasp beside him, the panicked breathing and the fear he felt radiating from his partner once Chuuya understood just what went on. There was movement beside him and while Dazai slowly opened his eyes, he heard a pained noise that sounded scarily like a sob and that broke his heart even more. He should have prevented this from happening, he should have called off the deal, he should have told Chuuya, he should've... done something.
When he finally gained the courage to look at Chuuya he instantly regretted it, as the other looked at him shocked, face contorted with fear and the typical amount of trust he saw in his eyes gone, replaced by desperation, just utterly broken.
Way too late Dazai’s mouth finally started working again and he managed to utter a small pained “Chuuya-“ while moving towards him, the other just whimpered, jumped up as if he burned himself and fled the room. Just like that, without a single word, without a single accusation or question for explanation. Dazai never knew that it was this easy to break a person he cared for (alas he never cared for anyone besides Chuuya in his life).
Left was Dazai, unable to breath and staring at the door where the other just left, mind in panicked overdrive. He knew this would happen once the truth came out. He knew that it was Chuuya's biggest fear to ever have to work as a courtesan. He knew that he should’ve told him at least the truth, then they both could’ve laughed about this. Now the worst case happened and Dazai begged to whatever deity there was that he still could somehow mend what he had with Chuuya.
 
The thought that the Dazai Osamu, Mafia brat extraordinaire and heir to all of the Port Mafia, would ever run after someone in panic and with guilty feelings, was ridiculous. At least that would have Dazai himself said only weeks prior, him and a guilty conscience? This was unheard of, unspeakable even.
But this was still Chuuya.
The person he has met when the other was still an awkward child (they both were, really), learned to like while teaching him Japanese and struggling over his own French, the friend he has learned to care about on endless lazy afternoons while bickering and the partner he has come to trust and- No. Dazai would not even go there. He shook his head while hurrying through the mansion’s corridors, this was not the right time to realize that he very well had fallen in love. Not when everything he and Chuuya had was on the verge of falling apart, all because of a ridiculous choice he made when he was a mere child and way too dumb.
He finally reached Chuuya’s door, scoffing when he realized that it was shut and locked. Seriously? This had never happened before, Chuuya never locked his door, always aware that Dazai could come visit him even at the oddest times. His partner was indeed quite upset.
“Really, you idiot? Locking your door and tearing up like a dejected schoolgirl?” Dazai asked, banging his fist against the door. “That’s embarrassing, even for you.”
As soon as the words left his mouth, he knew that he said the wrong thing. Of course Chuuya was upset! He just got informed that he was basically sold like a whore and that his buyer was his own best friend. And then came Dazai himself and once again had to run his mouth, tactfulness incarnated.
Naturally there was no reply to this, though Dazai was sure that the other had heard him.
“Look, I hate to say this but I’m sorry. I completely forgot about this thing. I mean, I was like… eleven? And I didn’t know you back then!”
Silence.
Now this was getting embarrassing for Dazai, standing at a shut door like an idiot, this was right out ridiculous.
“Chuuya, come on!” Must he really break down this fucking door before he could talk to Chuuya? This sounded more and more like a lover’s quarrel, a taunting voice in his head reminded him, not helpful at all at this time’s moment. “This was all Mori’s idea, after all. He said that I should choose-“
His vindication was interrupted by the opening of this damned door – finally! – and a very agitated and also very furious Chuuya.
“And you just chose me to what? To fuck me?! Is this what you wanted? To own this stupid foreign child and use it like a common whore?!” Dazai had no chance to reply, once again he was stalled by the other’s fit of rage, furious eyes, chaotic with emotion, meeting his own gaze.
“Not once in the now nearly five years that we’ve known each other you’ve deemed it worthy to tell me this little secret? Were you seeking some sick pleasure at the thought of finally having me as a birthday present?” He was gasping for air mid outbreak now. “Was anything you ever said true at least?” Everything was true! 
Those agitated eyes finally broke away from Dazai’s.
“To think that I trusted you,” Chuuya whispered, voice once again on the verge of breaking; he then smiled ruefully to himself and took a few steps back, trying to close the door once again.
Dazai finally had the chance to look, really look, at the other then, now that he was not screamed at and standing there stunned silent. Chuuya looked terrible. Panting harshly, most likely on the brink of hyperventilation, hair and clothes askew, his ever present hat not in sight. The worst were his eyes though: The sparkling blue gone, now dulled, filled with an emotion Dazai could not read and a sheen, which most likely consisted of tears, not that Dazai was hoping for this.
He really had screwed up big time. Now he desperately thought on how to fix this. Before Chuuya could close the door Dazai jammed his own foot and arm in between, hurting himself when the door crashed onto his limbs but nevertheless preventing the door from closing.
“Chuuya,” he tried again. “I’m really sorry. I thought the deal was cut off because you were a member of the Port Mafia and not a courtesan now. There was no need to upset you because of this, you never knew anyway and I wanted to leave you at that. This happened before I knew you, the real you, not the pretty boy I saw that day.”
The other was not taking any of what Dazai just said into consideration, he saw it in those still jaded eyes.
“Knew me?” Chuuya spat, “I thought that I knew you, Dazai. But I was wrong. Apparently I’m still just a stupid child for not seeing it. The mere thought of buying a child, even if you don’t know it… you are despicable Dazai and just as rotten as people say you are.”
Dazai flinched at those words hitting home. He knew that he was rotten, but hearing this from the person that mattered most – the only person that mattered – hurt like hell. Thanks to that he only belated registered that Chuuya tried to push the door closed again, this time with the help of this ability; he really would break Dazai’s limbs just to get him out of the room?
Regardless Dazai tried again, now at his last resort: “Chuuya, please, if you’d just listened for a moment. I never planned on sleeping with you, I would have called it off. Just… let us talk.” There was no way of winning this argument now, he knew it. “Chuuya-“
“JUST GET OUT!”
Chuuya finally cracked after all. It was over.
“Leave! And… don’t come back.” His voice grew small after the sudden screaming and his eyes lost even the little emotion that was left, as if all power left his small body at once. With that the door was slammed right into Dazai’s face who had at least luck to pull his limbs away before that.
He had ruined it.
Dazai banged his head at the door, sighing tiredly. He should just give Chuuya some time, of course the other was way too agitated now. He would try tomorrow to mend this.
 
Tomorrow was just as unsuccessful as was the day after tomorrow. Day by day Dazai stood in front of this accursed door, trying to reason with Chuuya who never resurfaced out of his room again.
Was he even eating? Was he alright? He knew the answer to the last question, of course he was not alright, but what more could Dazai do than to apologize?
Though he deserved this silent treatment. Dazai did betray the trust Chuuya put into him after all and trust was something Chuuya was very reluctant to give at all, not after being betrayed by his mother, Dazai should’ve know this best. He did not though, so now he was trying his best to reinstall at least some of this trust and rekindle at least something of what they had, by simply showing presence, by fighting for him. He would not stop, no matter what happened.
 
The situation did not get better when Mori assigned them a mission. Was the Boss feeling guilty after all? Or did he just want to test them once again? Dazai suspected the latter.
Under Mori’s watchful eyes and Kouyou’s icy glare directed at Dazai (of course she had heard of this mess, of course), Chuuya finally emerged from his room, looking healthier than Dazai expected (he suspected Elise of force feeding him), though visibly struggling for composure upon seeing his partner. Dazai only smiled lightly at him, not jarring and teasing as typical, but a soft, real smile.
It was not reciprocated.
The mission was thankfully a walk in the park, go in, wreak havoc on some poor unfortunate drug dealers and go out, nothing that would normally bother the Double Black team.
Dazai was way more interested to rekindle the relationship with his partner, who once again decided to give him the silent treatment, rather than to do any actual work. He left that to Chuuya who was clearly enjoying blowing off some steam and letting his emotions run freely over some indeed poor enemies.
Before Dazai had any chance to do something heroic like save Chuuya from danger (not that Chuuya had been in danger anytime, but Dazai still thought that this was the best way to at least get the guy to talk to him) or explain his side of the story once again (not that it had worked on any other occasion), it was already over, mission a success, Double Black once again unblemished and victorious.
Well, fuck.
After completing his rampage, Chuuya simply huffed, turned around and left the building, not even deigning to look at Dazai who slowly became more and more frustrated; if this was what their partnership had come to and if this wouldn’t change and at that change fast, they were screwed. Mori was bound to find out about them and the consequences would be crucial; even worse than any punishment might be the threat of disbanding their partnership, a fate Dazai was not going to accept. Ever.
But still, he was at his wits end. What more was he supposed to do to atone for his screw up?
 
 
The situation still did not change after nearly a week and frankly, Dazai missed Chuuya. There, he said it. He missed their bickering, his partner’s small height, their sparring, his partner’s ugly mutt, his beautiful eyes… hell he even missed his disgusting hat!
Dazai was really that miserable.
Even worse, what a look at the clock in his room mercilessly reminded him of, it was a few minutes until his 16th birthday.
Dazai groaned and turned around in his bed, not wanting to be reminded again that this was the moment and reason that ruined the peaceful and rather fulfilling life he had lead up until a week ago. What would he do if Chuuya never talked or looked at him again? What a scandalizing thought, a person could not hold a grudge forever. Right? He should simply sleep through this awful and offending day, maybe then everything will somehow turn out all right again.
Yeah that sounded like a plan, Dazai pulled his blanket over his face, everything would be okay again and Chuuya would magically appear at his door. The two of them could rekindle and ki-
The Mafia heir was pulled out of his fancifulness by a knock on the door. An irritating loud banging to be precise.
Normally the only person who’d ever knock so rudely at his door, at night at that!, was Chuuya, but he was currently busy ignoring Dazai’s existence. He was surely already asleep and dreaming, this was really getting out of hand and… wait, Chuuya?
Dazai jumped out of bed and hurried to unlock his door, faintly hoping that this wasn’t just his imagination after all. Impatiently he opened the door and nearly scared the person in front of him to death, if the slight jump the other made was any indication. Still, Dazai didn’t gave a damn because either he was really dreaming or there was his partner for real, hand still raised and balled into a fist to knock.
Chuuya.
What greeted Dazai though was not the shaggy vest and trench coat the other typically adorned and not even his damn hat, so not Chuuya, his partner.
Instead there stood a pale foreign youth in front of his door, auburn hair carefully pulled up and adorned by a complimenting kanzashi, beautiful blue kimono emphasizing the slender build, face accented by carefully painted on makeup. Glittering blue eyes captivated Dazai’s own and rendered him speechless. This was Chuuya, the courtesan. And it was the most beautiful being he had ever laid his eyes on.
Clearly he stared at his partner too long, since Chuuya suddenly broke his gaze, face reddening and in a nice contrast against his carefully painted face, shuffling restlessly on the spot.
“Are you letting me in or not?! This is already more embarrassing than I’d like it to be. Everyone can see.” Everyone can see me like this.
Dazai immediately understood Chuuya’s discomfort, not wanting himself that anyone would see Chuuya like this, only him. Jealously he growled at the thought and stepped aside, letting his clearly uncomfortable partner in. After closing and locking the door once more behind him Dazai found his partner in the middle of his room, rooted on his spot, head bowed, not looking at him.
“So, how do I deserve this honor at this late hour? I did not expect a nightly visitor at all.” Dazai raised an eyebrow studying the other. He really looked beautiful.
Breathing in and out a few times and finding his composure, Chuuya finally looked up and looked at Dazai, eyes firm with resolution and finally showing emotions again, voice tight: “Happy birthday, Dazai. Here is your present.”
What the actual hell? Surely Dazai had to resemble a goldfish by now, mouth opening and closing without the words coming out, eyes darting to the clock and yes, it was past midnight and therefore his birthday.
“Chuuya, what… are you doing here?” Well, at least he found some words. The other looked actually angry hearing this and ah, there was his Chuuya again, angry composure and pissed off look.
“One year older and already Alzheimer sick? Really? Have you forgotten that this is Mori’s really belated gift for you?”
Of course he knew that but still, this was insane and plain wrong.
“Do you have Alzheimer? I told you, the deal was called off. There is no need for this!” He took one step towards the other who also took a step forward, somehow agitated about Dazai’s statement.
“You really want to insult me again, right?! This is not about some fucking deal, this is about my honour as a courtesan and as Kouyou’s disciple, I was trained for this after all.” With a newfound resolution he pointed a finger at Dazai. “Backing out of this would be an insult and bring shame upon my kin. So don’t you dare telling me what to do!”
“Chuuya, I-“
“No, you don’t! So shut up and let me pleasure you!”

Oh god.

Somehow this escalated quickly into insanity.
Without any more chance of reciprocation, Dazai was pulled away by Chuuya’s hand on his wrist and pushed into a sitting position on his still messy bed; this really was not a good setting, not that any of the two cared right now.
Nudging himself between Dazai’s legs, Chuuya leaned down, hands on Dazai’s shoulders and hummed into his ear: “So, how do you want me today, birthday boy? We have time, you own me for the whole night after all.” Followed up by a slight nibbling on his ear. Dazai groaned and leant his head back, baring his throat, giving Chuuya more access. If he really was dreaming, then nothing was allowed to wake him up now.
“Just… don’t stop,” he gasped while Chuuya closed the gap between their bodies and sat himself right onto Dazai’s lap and his growing arousal, rocking slightly back and forth. Chuuya smirked against his throat, he could feel it.
“As you wish.”
With that he lightly bit his neck, eliciting a moan from Dazai who was beyond surprise by now. Dazai raised his arms, laying his hands onto Chuuya’s sides and pulled him closer, even closer, bodies now flush against each other and roamed over his partner’s sides and his back, exploring every place he could reach. Seemingly this also pleased Chuuya who went into swaying his hips, pressing his own bottom against Dazai’s now quite palpable erection. This elicited only some more moans and a few gasped “Chuuya’s” that were met by hands roaming his body and Chuuya’s warm breath right in front of Dazai’s lips, so close yet not close enough.
“What more shall I do?” Thrust. “Tell me what to do.”
His voice was so sensual, so fucking close and Dazai wanted nothing more than to crash his own lips onto Chuuya’s.
So he did just that. It was messy and not as breathtaking as expected, Chuuya’s lips slightly chapped but still oh so soft though he kind of seemed to be… taken aback?
Opening his eyes, when had Dazai closed them anyway?, he saw that Chuuya was frozen still, shock evident on his face, lips pressed tightly together. Dazai ended the kiss and leaned back to take a closer look at the other’s face, searching for what he did wrong this time. It took too long for Chuuya to rebuild his mask of sensuality and eagerness, for a moment he did look like the child he still was which got thrown into a world it was not quite ready for.
“What’s wrong?” Dazai asked. Confused blue eyes met Dazai’s own brown ones, voice just as confused as he searched for an explanation.
“Kissing is against the rules. Courtesans don’t kiss, it’s not part of the deal.”

Part of the deal?

Dread filling his body, Dazai only now realized why exactly he was in this situation. It was not because Chuuya wanted to get closer to him, reciprocating his feelings, no it was because it was his job. And he was this stupid that he actually forgot, forgot that every moan, every touch was a lie, cruelly practiced mechanics that Chuuya was trained to do.
This was not his partner, the person he cared for, this was the courtesan, long forgotten and dead to this world.
Pushing the away from him, Dazai was disgusted (with Chuuya? with himself?) though he still held Chuuya close, hands interwined behind his back. He had to rekindle them now. Now was his chance.
“Chuuya.” The other blinked at him, only now broken out of his stupor. “You don’t need to do this. Not like this.” Anger flooded Chuuya’s gaze again and he clearly wanted to defend his honour once more, Dazai stopped him before he had the chance.
“Listen to me, please. I love having you close, I love touching you and doing this with you. But not if you do this out of obligation. I want to caress the real you, the angry little hatstand and not a beautiful courtesan that I’m not even allowed to kiss. Because I’d love to kiss the real you.”
This was most likely the sappiest thing Dazai had ever said and in any other context he as well as Chuuya would have gagged and laughed. But not now. Now Chuuya looked at him in wonder, confused about what to do and eradiating insecurity, reminding him even more of the child that Chuuya still was, a blush rapidly marring his face.
“But this is what I was trained to do.”
It was heartwarming, really, Dazai mused. Here was Nakahara Chuuya, ruthless and infamous Port Mafia member, laid bare and open in front of Dazai who could easily crush him right now, destroy him with some simple words. Instead he only leaned his forehead onto Chuuya’s own, still holding eye contact.
“And I love this about you. But I still prefer my angry partner, who I’d love to cherish right now. Not sleep with, not fuck with but rather kiss and cherish all night. Veux-tu m’accorder ce souhait d’anniversaire?”
He had finally cracked the other’s shell if the heavy blush the other emitted was anything to go by. Chuuya only sighed after a painfully long minute of pondering and smiled slightly, not a grin or a sensual smile but a real, caring little smile, blue eyes shining once more with an emotion Dazai thought was tenderness and love? His Chuuya was back.
“You’re getting way too spoiled this way. Why do you always get what you want in the end?” Instead of kissing him Chuuya only bumped their foreheads together, closing his eyes.
“But Ch-uu-ya! Is this how you wish me a happy birthday?”
Still he got the clue and leaned forward, pressing their lips together, this time for a real kiss. There were no fireworks erupting in the sky this time either (stupid romance movies and their unrealistic expectations) but this was finally the moment Dazai felt that everything was alright again. He felt Chuuya reciprocating his kiss, embracing him tenderly this time, it was perfect.
After what felt like hours, not that their breaths would’ve lasted them that long, they separated, still staying connected by Chuuya leaning down onto Dazai, closing his eyes.
“This is so sappy. I can’t believe you got me to dress up and act all lovey dovey with ya. Disgusting.” Dazai only laughed at that, maneuvering the two of them into a lying position on his bed while removing Chuuya’s hair adornments and embraced him once again.
“You know that I love you clad in blue~ There was no way I’d be able to resist you like that, tu es très mignon, mon chère. You're like a little kitten!”
“Kitten?” Chuuya hissed while trying to get out of the embrace, Dazai would better not tell him that he acted even more like a flustered cat right now, he just meant it in a metaphoric sense of course, with Chuuya being all needy and cuddly. Tightening the embrace even more, Dazai nuzzled his face into his partner’s neck, inhaling the perfumed scent (he was really throughout with his preparations).
“Now hush, it’s still my birthday so I decide. We still have the whole night and I’d prefer spending it with you like this. You make quite a decent pillow.”
Chuuya only sighed, knowing that there was no way getting out of this. He tried his best to get comfortable, which was not that easy with a tall suicidal maniac draped over his lithe body. When he was finally okay with his position he closed his eyes and raveled in the other’s body heat.
“You really are spoiled rotten.”
“You love it.”

He did.

 
 
The next day a widely grinning quite disheveled Dazai, followed by a beet red and equally unkempt Chuuya, greeted an awaiting Mori and a nervous Kouyou who were suspiciously waiting in silence in the main lobby. They totally wanted to see this.
Dazai’s grin only grew wider as he winked at Mori who laughed heartily and wished him a happy birthday while he heard something that faintly resembled a growl erupting from a rapidly enraged Kouyou. Chuuya only looked at the floor, clearly embarrassed to be so openly on display (good god, the boy had been trained for this!) and said not a word.
Well, Dazai mused, then he should just take the lead, as always.
“Thank you so much for your present, Mori-san! It was splendid~”
The Mafia Boss only nodded his head, clearly pleased with the outcome of his plan. “I am grateful that you enjoyed it so much, Dazai-kun. Chuuya-kun thank you for your service. Apparently you are just as good as expected, Kouyou-san must’ve trained you well.”
The aforementioned women only let out a strangled sound which strangely reminded him of a sob. Her glare was icier than ever as she stared down Dazai, nothing like the panicked and caring onceover she gave Chuuya as soon as he entered the room. He really had ruined any chance of ever getting on Kouyou’s good side again, Dazai feared. Well, it was time to tip the scales.
He smiled widely at her, showing teeth and addressed her directly for the first time today: “Kouyou-san, I truly have to thank you. You must’ve been a stern teacher to Chuuya and he has learned so much from you!”
Chuuya looked at Dazai confused, was he really making up a story about their “night” now? It was already humiliating enough to be so openly on display after supposedly getting fucked for money, must Dazai really rub more salt into the wound? Had he been wrong about last night and Dazai was just as shallow and cruel as everyone made him out to be?
Chuuya firmly believed that this was still not true. Kouyou’s hateful gaze only motivated Dazai further instead.
“Who would’ve thought that such a tiny person could be so ravenous and dominant? I never stood a chance!” His face became pained. “Chuuya was a literal pain in the ass. I fear that I won’t be able to sit down for days!”
The incredulous looks he earned not only from Mori (who gaped like a fish) and Kouyou (whose eyes became owlishly wide) but also Chuuya (who always looked beautiful no matter what he did) were so worth this little lie; next to him his partner gaped at him open mouthed, out of words. In fact, no one said a word and only stared at him in shock.
Dazai meanwhile grinned mischievously at them and proceeded to grip Chuuya’s wrist, pulling him along with him, uncaring of what their caretakers might say once they’d find their voices.
“If you excuse us, it’s still my birthday and I think Chuuya still owes me a nice present like going to an expensive restaurant. Au revoir~”
Without looking back, he pulled Chuuya out of the room. Only when the two of them were out of earshot, Chuuya finally seemed to regain his voice.
“Wh- what was that?”
Oh stuttering, how cute!
Dazai only blinked at him. “Why, wasn’t that the truth? You are a pain in the ass after all. I only extended our activities a tiny bit!”
“A little bit my ass!” Ah and now he had regained his attitude, too bad.
“There was no need to degrade yourself like that, Dazai! They’ll think-“
“Let them think what they want. C’est ce que les hommes dans l’amour font pour leurs amants.”
Chuuya blushed even more, if possible. He mumbled something about suicidal madmen under his breath and hid his face under his ugly hat (yes, it was back). While walking next to Dazai, bodies close and nearly touching, he freed himself from Dazai’s grip, only to entwine their hands properly, squeezing the other’s hand slightly, grip tight.

“Merci, Dazai.”




Chapter End Notes
Yay and that's it! At least it did end on a fluffy and lighter note, right *sweats*Um, I hope this wasn't disappointing. All entries for Soukoku week were so wonderful and I think it was a huge success, so bear with this piece of trash.
Still hating French, still very inappropriate usage of it.
Translations:Veux-tu m’accorder ce souhait d’anniversaire? – Would you grant me this birthday wish?Tu es très mignon, mon chère - You are very sweet, my dearAu revoir – GoodbyeC’est ce que les hommes dans l’amour font pour leurs amants – This is what men in love do for their belovedMerci – Thank you
Come talk to me on Tumblr



Afterword


End Notes
So this was the first chapter. The second one will be up on Day 7 because... you know, Dazai's birthday?It will have considerably more angst though I tried to keep it fluffy.This will be my only contribution for the Soukoku week since this took way too long and my finals are coming up.
I'm terrible sorry for the (most likely quite bad) French that sounds like it was written by a preschooler. To be honest I hate French with a passion and it hated me throughout more than 7 schoolyears. If you see any mistakes or would like to complain, please contact me.
Translations:Maman – Mother / Mum / MummyPas maintenant, Chuuya. Tais-toi! – Not now, Chuuya. Be quiet!J’ai peur, ce qui se passe – I am scared, what’s happening?Maman, dis quest-ce que c’est, Maman… reveille-toi! – Mummy, say something, mummy… wake up!Mon chéri - SweetyTout ira bien, je suis lá pour toi. Viens ici, comment tu t’appelles? – Everything will be alright, I’m here for you. Come here, what’s your name?Je m’appelle – My name isBonjour – Good morning
If you liked it, I'd be happy if you'd leave a comment or a kudos on this :)Otherwise if you wanna talk, spam, complain, hit me up on Tumblr


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



