



Second Intentions - KucatsHouse - Chen Qing Ling The
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Second Intentions
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/21516658.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
陈情令 | The Untamed (TV)
Relationship:
Sòng Lán | Sòng Zǐchēn/Xiǎo Xīngchén
Character:
Sòng Lán | Sòng Zǐchēn, Xiǎo Xīngchén, Wèi Yīng | Wèi Wúxiàn, Lán Zhàn | Lán Wàngjī, Lán Huàn | Lán Xīchén, Niè Huáisāng, Niè Míngjué, Jiāng Chéng | Jiāng Wǎnyín, Original Characters, Xuē Yáng | Xuē Chéngměi
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe, Alternate Universe - Modern Setting, Alternate Universe - High School, Alternate Universe - College/University, Modern Era, Enemies to Friends to Lovers, Developing Relationship, songxiao - Freeform, Fluff, Tooth-Rotting Fluff, Romantic Fluff, Soulmates, Romantic Soulmates
Series:
Part 13 of
A Long And Happy Life
Stats:

        Published: 2019-11-22
          Completed: 2019-12-10
          Chapters: 8/8
        Words: 34839
      

Second Intentions
by KucatsHouse
Summary
In fencing, a second intention is a tactic in which a fencer executes a false but convincing action in hopes of drawing a true, committed reaction from their opponent.
For Song Lan and Xiao Xingchen, their relationship wasn't always smooth sailing. But along the way, they develop a deep, unbreakable bond that sees them through the years.
Notes
Characters and original story concept the property of their original creator.
Part of the A Long and Happy Life verse, spanning from age 11 until adulthood. Each story has alternating POVs between the two main characters. There are quite a number of familiar faces as well as a new round of original characters.
Also, I take a few liberties with the fencing to fit the story.




Middle School
Chapter Summary
Regarding first meetings, entitled brats, other extracurriculars, and reconciliations.



Lan Academy was supposed to be a safe haven for him.It wasn’t that Song Lan’s home life was terrible. Joaquin, Sam, and David were awesome adopted brothers. Being the youngest, Song Lan got the brunt of all of the teasing, but he also got three protective siblings who always had his back. Uncle Baixue had taken them all in, treated them as if they were his actual kids. The four of them were allowed a great deal of leeway for kids of their age. As long as they respected each other, minded the house rules, and kept their grades up, they were allowed to make their own decisions about extracurriculars and entertainment.Even though he loved his family and his home life, Song Lan had been looking forward to attending Lan Academy. It was supposed to be one of the best boarding schools in the northeast, its students constantly placing near the top in both academics and sports. Song Lan had been fortunate to have gotten an academic scholarship while he attended the middle school with the promise of a fencing scholarship in the future. And that was the other thing he had been looking forward to: the fencing team at Lan Academy was supposed to be one of the best. Ever since he had started the sport when he was eight, Song Lan had fallen in love with it. Since the minimum age for competition was fourteen, middle schoolers were put into an unofficial training camp, led by the coaches and mentored by the team, to improve their skills until they entered high school. Sometimes they were allowed to accompany the team to competitions where they could test their skills against other kids their age. This was the thing Song Lan had been most looking forward to when he eagerly agreed to leave Beacon and head to the Berkshires.What he had not counted on was having to share a dorm room with him.Li Baixue had been friends with the acting Headmaster of Lan Academy since they were teenagers themselves. Song Lan had been granted entry into the academy under Uncle Baixue’s recommendation and praise of his fencing skills. Before he left, Song Lan had promised Uncle Baixue he would not cause Lan Qiren any trouble at the academy. He would not say anything disrespectful in front of his uncle’s good friend. But it was clear in the tight press of his lips, narrowed eyes, and stubborn jut of his chin that he was not happy with his living arrangements.“It appears as if introductions are not necessary,” Lan Qiren remarked. His eyes flickered between the quietly simmering boy to his right and the equally quiet contemplative boy sitting upon one of the dorm beds.“We’ve met,” Song Lan said through gritted teeth, attempting to sound polite but not succeeding much. The other occupant of the room merely nodded his head in agreement.“Then there isn’t any more need of me here. I shall take my leave of you both.” Lan Qiren’s tone indicated that he was not going to accept any rebuttals or arguments. He turned towards the door, pausing with his hand on the knob. “Please let the dorm head know if you need anything. Classes start tomorrow, the fencing training camp will meet Wednesday after classes are out. You will be sent the location at a later time.”“Thank you, Headmaster,” both boys chimed together. Lan Qiren stared hard at them before nodding curtly and closing the door with a resounding click.With a huff of indignation, Song Lan tossed his bag onto the empty bed. He turned his back to the other boy and proceeded to put his belongings away. Only once did he spare a glance over his shoulder, catching sight of Xiao Xingchen with his head down, reading a thick book in his lap, and seeming to ignore Song Lan and all the noise he was making.Xiao Xingchen was a tiny, quiet boy about Song Lan’s age. He wasn’t old enough to participate in the Y14 fencing tournaments either, but all the adults in Song Lan’s life who were in the fencing circle whispered about him. He was the adopted son of Baoshan Sanren, who was herself a fencing champion, and he was said to have a lot of promise in the sport.They had met once before, at a pre-teen competition a few of the fencing instructors had put on in Boston last year. He remembered thinking such a rail thin kid wouldn’t even be able to hold the weight of a foil much less fence with one. It seemed there had been others who thought the same as everyone - except Baoshan Sanren herself - had expected Xiao Xingchen to do poorly in his first bout. But he had surprised them all, winning match after match. When the final came, it was between him and Song Lan; both of them had been the youngest ones there, and they had come out as the last ones standing.In the end, Song Lan had lost by three points. It wasn’t the loss that had hurt or made him angry, it was what happened after.With a louder than necessary bang, Song Lan shut the last drawer of the dresser. He settled on his bed, pulling out a Captain America graphic novel Sam had given him before he left. He cast one more glance to the other side of the room, glaring when he discovered Xiao Xingchen still silently reading and ignoring him. Song Lan cut him a glare before flipping open his comic as the rest of the day passed in awkward silence.* * * * *Xiao Xingchen was, by nature, a quiet child. He wasn’t the only child Baoshan Sanren had adopted; Aunt Baoshan had fostered and adopted many children back in Beijing before she moved to Boston. Xingchen wasn’t the first child she had had taken in after moving stateside either, but he was the most recent and perhaps the most reserved of them all. He had been little more than a baby when Xingchen was given up for adoption by a mother newly immigrated, too young and too scared to raise a child in a country she didn’t know. Although Aunt Baoshan had raised him with love and care, Xingchen had grown up in a house too big for just two people around far too few children his age. There were always people coming and going as his adopted siblings visited often, but they were all nearly grown. While happy and never in want of anything, he grew up reserved, not quite knowing how to interact with others his own age. As it stood, Xingchen took to the two things he was the most comfortable with: fencing and books.When Aunt Baoshan had suggested he attend Lan Academy, Xingchen was both excited and terrified. Lan Academy boosted one of the most diverse and comprehensive libraries of all the boarding schools, not to mention a stellar athletics program of which fencing was included. Xingchen looked forward to the prospect of interacting with more of his peers, even if the notion gave him anxiety at the same time. He had difficulty talking to others and wasn’t always interested in the trends kids his age were into. His siblings always said he had an old soul, another quality that made friendships awkward.Still, Xingchen had managed to make some friends in his first year at the academy. Lan Xiaoli was a Lan adjacent, a daughter of one of the minor branches of the Lan family. They had met in the library one day as she stumbled upon Xingchen tucked into a corner reading, instantly taking him under her wing. She seemed to be able to read Xingchen’s mind and would often talk for the both of them, answering questions in conversation addressed to either of them. Liam Mateo Cormac, Jr. was from Boston and was new money. His father was of a long line of blue collar Irish descendants; after college, Liam Sr. had made his way across the country, became a tech mogul in Silicon Valley, married Marisol Lugo, and had Mateo before moving his family back to his roots. Like most people of Puerto Rican descent, Mateo was lively, brash, and loved life. He was the youngest of the three of them, but Mateo was the proverbial mother hen of the group, always making sure Xingchen ate properly and enjoyed the view rather than whatever book his nose was buried in.While Xingchen enjoyed their company, it was his living arrangements that always had him retreating back into himself. He liked Song Lan since the moment they met, but he was also intimidated by him. Song Lan had this confident air about him that Xingchen gravitated towards, admired, and envied all at the same time. Ever since that first meeting, Xingchen had been in awe of Song Lan’s talent in fencing as well as his ability to seem comfortable around everyone. But, it seemed as if the other boy hated him although Xingchen couldn’t imagine why. Before school, they only had that one encounter standing across from each other on the fencing strip; few words had passed between them, which left Xingchen at a loss as to the cause of the discord. He was too intimidated by Song Lan’s almost constant scowl to ask, and thus the awkwardness had continued.As long as he had Xiaoli and Mateo, Xingchen was sure he could make it through his school years. It would be nice to not have his nights and weekends filled with tense silence and a grumpy roommate, but even at the tender age of twelve Xingchen knew you couldn’t have everything in life.He hadn’t expected a friendly meet in Andover to change anything - but it would eventually.“This is the future of the Lan Academy fencing team?”From the relative safety of the corner he had wedged himself into and half hidden by a pile of fencing gear bags, Xingchen peeked over to find a group of boys around his age. He could only assume they were some of the kids from the Andover area as none of them wore the white and blue gear of the Lan Academy students. Each of them had the arrogant demeanor of a spoiled rich brat - Song Lan’s words when they had entered the Andover gymnasium. Xingchen recognized the biggest of the boys as the one his roommate had just had a bout with, and unfortunately lost. The boy seemed to be flaunting his victory to whoever would listen.“I heard the Lan fencing team was supposed to be good,” one boy with bright red curls sneered. “They can’t be that good if they are currently losing to Andover.”“I always heard Lan Academy only accepts the best,” another boy said. The leader of the pack snorted, the sneer on his face evident in the derisive sound even if Xingchen couldn’t see it.“How good can they be if they allow shit-eating orphans into their school?”He remained silent and still, but Xingchen could feel his blood run cold. He was used to most of his fellow students at Lan Academy coming from far wealthier and more affluent families than his. Although Aunt Baoshan had some renown - Xingchen had already lost track of the number of times people had gasped when he mentioned her - there was still the simple fact that Xingchen was both an orphan and a scholarship student. Lan Academy prided itself on its open-mindedness, however; he had never been made to feel he was lesser for not having as much.Andover was different. Despite most of the students being on equal footing in terms of family and social status, there were still some who looked at the Lan students as if they were beneath them. The sentiment seemed particularly heavy in the younger kids, those who didn’t yet attend Andover but were already planning futures at Harvard or Yale. They seemed far more vicious than their older counterparts and had given the Lan kids the cold shoulder the moment they entered the building.After a few more minutes of insults, the boys dispersed. Xingchen remained where he was, still hearing those damning words in his head. He cast a sidelong glance across the room to where Song Lan was talking with their fencing companions, a happy smile on his face despite the loss, and oblivious to the words spoken in slander against him.“Xingchen?” Glancing up, Xingchen found Lan Jia, one of the fencing team’s co-coaches, standing over him. Her expression was warm and inviting as she held his fencing mask and foil out to him. “Ready for your turn?” she asked. With a nod, Xingchen smoothed back the hair that had escaped from his low ponytail before following her to the fencing strip. It was surrounded by a dozen students as well as a jury of four fencing instructors and a referee.“Who is my opponent?” Xingchen asked. “Kid’s name is Sebastian Churchill.” With a wave of her hand, Jia indicated the leader of the group Xingchen had eavesdropped on. “He beat Song Lan by two points not too long ago. A real piece of work, that one.” She wrinkled her nose as if suddenly smelling something foul. “Do not tell Uncle Qiren I spoke ill of other people.”Xingchen gave her a small smile before donning his fencing mask. He drew on his glove, hefting the foil into his right hand as he stepped onto the strip. Through the meshwork of his mask, he watched as Sebastian Churchill strutted forward and faced him. Xingchen was small for his age with a lean and willowy frame. His opponent had the advantage of both height and bulk, but fencing was more than how big you were.
“Fencing is not just a physical sport, it is a strategy sport as well. You have to analyze your opponent’s moves, find the weak points in their attacks. When you find them, take advantage. Don’t be kind, be ruthless.”
That was the very first fencing lesson Aunt Baoshan had ever given him. Xingchen had always abided by her words as they had never failed him so far.“En garde!” shouted the referee. The crowd quieted as Xingchen and Sebastian took one step forward. As they saluted each other across the fencing strip and took their positions, Xingchen could already tell that Sebastian put most of his weight on his front leg and held his foil slightly too far to his right. The angle left Sebastian’s torso more open - a perfect target. “Prêt!”Easing into his stance, he knew Sebastian was smirking behind his mask. Xingchen knew what Sebastian was thinking when he looked at him, that this was going to be another easy win against a Lan Academy reject. From his peripheral vision, Xingchen could just make out Song Lan’s face watching their match intently. Xingchen could still hear that slanderous laughter.He fully intended to wipe the floor with Sebastian Churchill.“Allez!”The judge had barely finished speaking when Xingchen lunged. Before most of the crowd had drawn in a breath, the tip of his foil had brushed past Sebastian’s arm and landed square in the middle of his chest. One of the jury raised her hand, pointing in Xingchen’s direction.“Point for Xiao!”Murmurs swept through the crowd as Xingchen stepped back into ready position. As always happened when he fenced, Xingchen blocked out the noise around him; his sole focus was on his opponent. Winning wasn’t the most important thing to him, but today he didn’t intend to lose.On the second round, Xingchen feinted; Sebastian parried the move, which left his torso more exposed and allowed Xingchen to land a tap to his shoulder. The third and fourth rounds ended much the same way. On the fifth and final round, it was clear by the tensing of his shoulders that Sebastian was angry and determined to humiliate the smaller boy. Just as the signal for the bout sounded, Sebastian executed a flèche, attempting to use the sudden explosive mood to catch Xingchen off guard. But the extra weight he kept on his front leg caused him to overbalance. As he struggled to correct himself, Xingchen lunged low. The point of Sebastian’s foil just missed the top of his mask as his own point landed against the other boy’s midsection.Time seemed to slow as the fencers stared at each other. A judge pointed to Xingchen; a moment later, the Lan students in the crowd seemed to explode. At the same time Xingchen had won his bout, the Lan fencing team had gained the upper ground and won their matches.Taking off his mask, Xingchen shook the hair from his face and released a cleansing sigh. A judge motioned for him and Sebastian to shake hands. The other boy was clearly displeased but reluctantly did as indicated. In a move that was uncustomary for him, Xingchen held onto his hand a moment longer than necessary as he spoke in a clipped whisper. The tone of his voice was far more grave and cutthroat than a boy his age and size had any right to be.“How does it feel to have your ass handed to you by a shit-eating orphan?”* * * * *“Why do you do that?”Xingchen stopped in the middle of the school courtyard; he turned to glance at Song Lan over his shoulder. “Do what?” he asked innocently.That passive look on his face infuriated Song Lan. In the three months since their second year of middle school started, especially after the match at Andover, he and Xingchen had been speaking more often. Granted, most of their ‘conversations’ were clipped, terse, and often monosyllabic, but at least they were speaking more than last year.“Why do you let people get points on you at the beginning of bouts?” Song Lan asked, trying to keep the irritation out of his voice. “I saw you at Andover. You didn’t let that Churchill kid get a point on you. But every time at practice you let your opponent get two touches in before you go on the offensive.” Song Lan found Xingchen difficult to understand, in every day life but most especially in fencing.Xingchen stared at him a moment before shrugging. Song Lan glared after him, watching the smaller boy and his too big fencing gear bag walk calmly away. Once Xingchen was out of sight, he gave a vicious kick to an innocent peddle, sending it hurling into the distance. With a huff of anger, Song Lan tossed his own bag onto a bench before slouching onto the seat, arms crossed angrily over his chest.“Stupid brat,” Song Lan muttered. “Who does he think he is anyway? Always thinking he’s better than me.”“Actually, he doesn’t.”At the sound of the amused voice behind him, Song Lan sprang to his feet with an undignified yelp. Leaning on the bench was a young woman who wore the uniform for the high school and was looking at Song Lan with keen interest. “Who are you?” he asked wearily.“I’m Molly,” the woman said, holding out her hand for a shake. “Molly Lan.”“A Lan?” At her nod, Song Lan gave her a skeptical look. She was nothing like the normally stoic members of the family Song Lan had encountered, nor was she like Coach Jia either. Molly Lan could only be described as eccentric with her icy blue dyed hair, electric purple cat eye glasses, and a smile that made one think she knew your deepest, darkest secrets. “Yeah, we’re not all as stiff and uptight as Old Man Qiren.” Molly rolled her eyes and waved her hand as if she were shooing away a fly. A moment later, she fixed her intent gaze on Song Lan. “Anyways, you should be nicer to that boy. He would rather be your friend than your enemy.”“Did he tell you that?”“No.”“Then how would you…”“Look, kid,” Molly interrupted. She stood up and came a step closer. Song Lan found himself forcing down the urge to retreat as she drew near. Molly wasn’t a tall woman, but she could be imposing when she wanted to be. “There seems to be a misunderstanding between the two of you that can be easily fixed if you just talk to each other. Xiao Xingchen’s too shy to broach the subject, so it’s going to have to be you.”“Why me? He doesn’t want to talk to me.”Molly shrugged before playfully poking him in the forehead. “Whatever you say. Next time you get a chance, ask him what that Churchill brat said about you in Andover after your match, Song Lan.”“What?” With a laugh, Molly turned on her heel, whistling tunelessly as she walked away. It took Song Lan some time to realize what she had said.“Hey! How do you know about Andover? And, how did you know my name?!” But she was already gone, leaving Song Lan more confused than before.* * * * *Xingchen usually spent most of his afternoons in the library. The atmosphere in his room was too tense for studying, so he often did his school work in a quiet corner surrounded by the smell of books. Today, though, he made his way towards the dance studio. Xiaoli had asked him and Mateo to meet her after dance practice so she could show off what she had learned. She had been working on a traditional fan dance over the last year along with some other Lan cousins; they were planning to perform at the next special lecture series in a month’s time.Xingchen found Mateo sitting in the designated viewing area in the largest of the three dance studios while Xiaoli and four other girls practiced on the polished wooden floors. One of the dance instructors, Lan Yaqin, paced around as she observed the dancers, her movements lithe and graceful. In the furthest corner was a much smaller girl, twirling what looked to be a metal rod in her hands.“Xingchen!” Mateo called cheerfully, waving his hands about. He gave Xingchen an enthusiastic, one-armed hug when he sat down. “You made it just in time!”“In time for what?” Xingchen asked. Before Mateo could reply, Xiaoli bounded over, making a happy but inarticulate sound as she hugged Xingchen.“You’re here!” she said excitedly. Xiaoli was a bundle of energy as she bounced on her heels and set her pigtails fluttering. “Now, both of you, watch this.” With a giddy smile, Xiaoli bounded back towards the group just as the haunting traditional music started.This wasn’t the first time Xingchen had seen a fan dance performed, but it was his first time in person. Aunt Baoshan and many of his siblings had introduced him to traditional forms of art and music, and he had seen a number of performances on television. But there was something mesmerizing about seeing a traditional fan dance in person. He couldn’t take his eyes off the fluttering fabric as the girls twirled and tossed their fans.Once the girls were finished, Mateo and Xingchen applauded louder than a whole room full of people. A faint blush colored Xiaoli’s cheeks as she curtsied before hurrying off to change. Xingchen made to follow Mateo outside when a gentle voice called out to him.“Xiao Xingchen, may I speak with you for a moment?”Lan Yaqin sat in a folding chair before the tall studio mirrors, chin propped in her hand and a serene smile on her face. The small girl from before sat beside her on the floor, the metal rod she had held next to her. Xingchen nodded to Mateo before he approached. As he neared, Xingchen could see that the rod more resembled a sword, narrow and long with a slightly wider end mimicking a hilt.“Jia tells me you are quite the fencer,” Yaqin said. She smiled knowingly at Xingchen’s shrug. “There’s no need to be modest, Xingchen. I’ve seen you on the fencing strip. You have a lot of promise.”“As a fencer?”“As a dancer.” Yaqin’s smile grew at Xingchen’s confusion. “You’re quite graceful in bouts. You could make a fine dancer if you wanted.”“But I’m already part of a club. I have fencing.”“Who says you can’t have both? Your sister, Cangse Sanren, was a dancer and a fencer if I remember correctly.”He had heard the stories about his older sister’s grace on both the fencing strip and in the ballroom, but she had passed before Xingchen had a chance to know her. He had always anticipated that his years at Lan Academy would be solely focused on fencing and had never considered other extracurriculars. But, after watching the joy in Xiaoli’s face, seeing the beauty of a traditional dance firsthand, Xingchen had the urge to try.“Would I have to learn that dance?” he asked.Although his voice sounded the same, there was the hint of something else there. Yaqin’s expression turned warm the moment she heard it. She reached down, grasping the practice sword before expertly twirling it in her hand.“How would you like to learn something called a sword dance instead?”* * * * *“I figured it out.” Song Lan tried to keep his face neutral as Xingchen slowly turned in the desk chair to face him. “What did you figure out?” Xingchen asked quietly. There was a slight tilt to his head but his eyes never left Song Lan’s face. When Xingchen wanted to avoid conversation, he kept his gaze just slightly to the left; when he was paying attention, his stare could be overwhelming. It was one of the things Song Lan had learned about him over the last month.Ever since his conversation with Molly, Song Lan had been watching Xingchen closely. During fencing practice, at meal times, during shared classes, as often as he could watch him without others thinking he was stalking. He had started to notice little things - like the way Xingchen tended to hover behind Mateo and Xiaoli when he was avoiding conversation, or the way he tapped his left cheek with his finger when he was concentrating. Xingchen was right handed but could twirl a pencil with ease in his left, and he never went anywhere without a white jade charm one of his siblings had given him. Song Lan had begun to notice all the little things about Xingchen, and more.“Why you always let people get points on you first,” Song Lan replied. Xingchen didn’t say anything but he was still staring so Song Lan continued. “You’re watching them. You’re looking for their openings.” His eyes narrowed as he tried to recall something. “You didn’t let that Churchill kid score on you though.”“His openings were obvious,” Xingchen said. “He left himself open even at the salute.”“You said something to him when you were shaking hands.” By the tight press of his lips, Song Lan could tell that Xingchen was about to stop talking, but the words Molly had said to him were ringing in his head. “He said something about me, didn’t he?”Xingchen started to turn back to his desk and homework, but Song Lan wasn’t going to spend another night in silence. His arm extended, his hand grabbing Xingchen’s wrist and holding him in place.“Let go.” Xingchen’s voice sounded small, but there was an edge to it Song Lan had never heard before. It made him even more determined to get to the truth.“What did he say?”“It wasn’t kind.”“I don’t care. What did he say?”For a long while, Xingchen stared at the floor. Song Lan could see the conflict in his face. To most people, Xingchen was reserved and kept his thoughts to himself; once you learned to read him, it was easy to see what he was thinking. Song Lan watched as the micro expressions changed from conflict to resignation before Xingchen faced him again.“He called you a shit-eating orphan,” Xingchen murmured, his voice soft but still carrying in the room. Before Song Lan could reply, Xingchen was talking, speaking more words than he had ever said between them. “I’m an orphan too. All my siblings are orphans. None of us choose to be orphans. People always say they feel sorry for us, and sometimes people look at us as if we are the lowest. It isn’t right for people to think we are any less just because we don’t have parents. I don’t like it when other people look down on us. It isn’t our fault we were given up.”“You…” Song Lan let go of Xingchen before sinking down onto the floor. From his vantage point, he could see the tears in Xingchen’s eyes, from anger and from grief. “You kicked his ass in front of everyone because he insulted me?” A warmth spread in his chest at Xingchen’s nod. “Why would you do that if you don’t like me?”“What?” Xingchen hastily wiped at his eyes before turning to Song Lan, his gaze wide and confused. “Two years ago, at the match in Boston. After you beat me, I tried to congratulate you but you just walked away.” He frowned at the memory; knowing what he did now, the idea that Xingchen was a pretentious brat didn’t seem right to Song Lan. “I always thought you thought you were better than everyone else.”“Is that why you hate me?”“I don’t hate you!” A hot flush colored Song Lan’s cheeks. He wanted to look anywhere else but he forced himself to look at Xingchen. “Well, I did…but I don’t now.”“Why not?”“Because…I think I was wrong about you.”Silence began to fill the air between them. It wasn’t the awkward, tense silence they had shared over the last year. It had become easier, a more companionable silence.“I was scared.”Song Lan glanced up to find a soft tint of pink staining Xingchen’s face. “Of what?”“Of talking to you. After that match.” Xingchen sighed, shoulders slumping as if in defeat. “I liked you, wanted to be your friend. But I was scared.”“Oh…” For Song Lan, making friends was easy; it came with having three boisterous brothers and a competitive streak. He hadn’t realized his gregarious nature would intimidate shy Xingchen, scaring him to the point of appearing cold to Song Lan. It wasn’t something he was used to or expected, but now that he knew it was something they could overcome.“So,” Song Lan began, changing topics, “this first year kid - Nie Mingjue, I think his name is - said there’s going to be some really cool events at the Cloud Recesses summer camp coming up. Uncle Baixue was thinking of signing me and my brothers up.” He leaned back on his hands, a smile tugging at his lips. “Want to join us?”The set of Xingchen’s shoulders seemed to relax with the more friendly tone Song Lan adopted. The look in his eyes had shifted; he seemed more lively now than before.“I have to ask Aunt Baoshan, but I don’t think she would mind. She’s been talking about the camp for a few years now. I always said I didn’t want to go before…” He trailed off, but Song Lan understand his unspoken words. For a kid like Xingchen, a rowdy summer camp was perhaps a nightmare; only the structure and schedule of school made boarding at the academy easy on him.“Maybe we can ask to bunk together with my brothers,” Song Lan suggested.“That would be nice.”The awkwardness had dissipated, replaced with the beginnings of an easy companionship. For the rest of the day, Song Lan and Xingchen talked, catching up on a year’s worth of stories and looking forward to a summer of memories.



High School Part 1
Chapter Summary
Regarding growth spurts, sword dances, brotherly advice, and confessions.
Chapter Notes
Some familiar faces make an appearance in this chapter, albeit at a very, very young age.The sword dance described in this chapter is based off this short clip: https://youtu.be/bj7O4S1N1Kc



A whole summer. Three whole months apart. It had seemed like forever.Since the moment they had reconciled their misunderstanding, the only time Song Lan had been separated from Xiao Xingchen was during the winter holidays - and even then they texted and talked frequently. The awkward tension from their first year of middle school had given way to a fast friendship, one that rivaled the closeness Song Lan shared with his brothers. They had similar class schedules and fencing practice. Only their other extracurriculars differed; while Xingchen had dance with Lan Yaqin, Song Lan was bouncing between different sports. He had participated in almost all of the choices Lan Academy had to offer as he couldn’t make up his mind.Except golf. He didn’t understand golf. Or badminton. Or curling. Summers had been spent at Cloud Recesses, where the hot and muggy days were filled with activities and etiquette lessons. After curfew, they would dive under the blankets, pulling out flashlights to see by as Sam and David cracked jokes or made up wild stories. Song Lan always enjoyed the summers the best, free of classes and with all the sports activities he could ever dream of. This past summer, Xingchen hadn’t gone to camp. Instead, he had gone overseas, back to China with his aunt. The eldest of his siblings, Yanling Daoren, had invited them both to see his new fencing school as well as attend a family reunion with the siblings still residing in the homeland. Without reliable internet connection, Song Lan had only received a handful of emails and photos from Xingchen.He had missed his best friend, more than he had admitted to anyone. The days, even ones filled with laughter, seemed long and lonesome without Xingchen. Song Lan had been eagerly counting the days until their second year of high school was to begin. And today was finally the day.Lan Academy was a bustle as the dorm students and their families scurried about, unpacking belongings, and settling in. There was a lot of happy laughter mingled with irritated scowls and some angry huffs. Song Lan’s own family had just left; he missed them already, but not as much as he missed Xingchen. Song Lan hoped he would arrive soon.“Hey you!” Song Lan looked up from his unpacking to find Xiaoli and Mateo in the doorway, wide teeth bearing smiles on their faces. After a summer with his grandmother in Puerto Rico, Mateo had come back with bronzed skin, sun bleached hair, and even more freckles than before. Xiaoli was much the same, petite stature with a round face, but she had returned with a mouth full of braces. Song Lan was certain even with her teeth covered in metal, her speech would be just as sharp as ever; she’d still be able to eviscerate her debate opponents.“When did you get in?” Xiaoli asked as she flopped down onto Song Lan’s bed while Mateo claimed a desk chair.“An hour ago,” he replied. He finished his unpacking before turning towards her, leaning a hip against his dresser. “Heard you went out west to visit some cousins.” Song Lan tried not to laugh at Xiaoli’s exaggerated eye roll.“The West Coast Lans are always calling us snobs since we rub elbows with the likes of the Kennedys. But all they can talk about are all the newest toys they get from their Silicon Valley friends.”“Have you heard from Xingchen?” Mateo asked, twisting left and right in the chair, feet swinging with his movements.“He got back stateside three days ago.”

“I bet the jet lag is kicking his ass,” Xiaoli said. Mateo nodded in sympathy despite the fact that he had only experienced minimal jet lag upon his return. “He should be getting in soon. Anyway, I hear the dining hall made some improvements over the summer.”“Improvements to the building or to the menu?” Song Lan asked. He hoped it was the latter; judging by the look on Mateo’s face, he seemed to be thinking the same thing.Xiaoli just shrugged as she hopped to her feet and made for the door. “Who knows? But let’s go check it out while we wait…oh, Xingchen!”At both her surprised voice and startled expression, Song Lan exchanged a look with Mateo before they scrambled to their feet and towards the door. Following Xiaoli’s gaze, Song Lan looked down the hallway half filled with students, parents, and empty boxes. He could only stare, slack-jawed, at the person walking towards them.
Oh…
Before the summer started, Song Lan had stood just shy of five foot nine. He had hit a growth spurt and was now nearly six feet but still the shortest of his siblings. Xingchen had barely stood past his chin, the smallest male student in their first year of high school. They had all expected him to keep his small stature with only Xiaoli beating him in petiteness. The person walking towards them now was anything but small. Xingchen had grown at least four inches over the summer and now stood taller than half the dorm residents in the hall. He was still shorter than Song Lan but the difference was far less and he could easily look Song Lan in the eye. His increase in height had caused him to lose some of the roundness in his face; his features were more angular, the sharp boned structures on full display. Xingchen’s movements were elegant and graceful with none of the awkward clumsiness that came with a sudden growth spurt.The boy they knew at the start of summer seemed to have faded away into the elegant young gentleman before them. As Xingchen approached, long hair braided and that soft smile of his, none of his friends could find the words to speak a greeting.“Yeah, I know,” Xingchen said simply, noting the confusion on their faces as they looked him up and down. “When did…” Xiaoli started.“How…” Mateo murmured at the same time.Song Lan just stared as a pink flush crept across Xingchen’s face.“I guess this is what people mean by a ‘late bloomer’.”“Damn straight!” Xiaoli exclaimed. She let out a low whistle, fanning herself with her hand. “You should come with your own warning label, Xingchen.”“Stop it.” Xingchen’s blush of embarrassment turned darker as he stared down at the floor. Song Lan found himself unable to look away, mesmerized by the play of light over Xingchen’s lashes, the shadows they cast on his cheekbones.“Get used to it, buddy. People are going to be after you now. You better start preparing yourself for the proposals that are sure to come.”There was an unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach at Xiaoli’s teasing words. Still unable to look away from Xingchen, Song Lan suddenly felt uncomfortable. He didn’t get a chance to dwell on it as Xiaoli grabbed his arm and began to drag him and Xingchen towards the dining hall, speaking a mile a minute as Mateo followed.Something had shifted between them the moment Song Lan laid eyes on Xingchen after three months. He didn’t know what it was, but he was certain that nothing would be the same between them.* * * * *As far as academics were considered, everything had been pretty leisurely up until this point. Although he still had three years until college, Xingchen had found the intensity of his classes had been ramped up considerably. The work had become more rigorous and challenging as the teachers made every effort to prepare them for college.Coach Jia had been working the team at a frenzied pace since the school year started. The first match of the year was with Andover, scheduled for the next month. Xingchen had heard that, after a couple of hiccups, Sebastian Churchill had finally made the Andover fencing team and would be at the next match. Since the both of them had chosen épée as their weapons, the likelihood of a rematch between them was high. He hadn’t seen Churchill since that one encounter in middle school, but Xingchen didn’t have much hope that the brat had changed.To top it all off, Yaqin had scheduled Xingchen to perform at the next special lecture series, just before the winter holidays. As if the prospect of performing in front of the entire student body, staff, and guests wasn’t intimidating enough, Xingchen was to be accompanied by Lan Xichen and Lan Zhan on the xiao and guqin. He may be the elder in terms of age, but having the head of the Lan Clan - even if he was practically a child himself - and his prodigy brother conducting his music set Xingchen’s anxiety levels high.“You look nervous.”Xingchen pulled the towel from his face to find Yaqin standing over him with her ever present serene smile, holding out a bottle of water towards him.“You would be too, in my position,” Xingchen said quietly. Leaning back against the wall, he slowly sipped the water while watching Yue practice across the room. They were the only two students in the studio, as Yue went with her mother everywhere and Xingchen needed the extra space and time to prepare. Xingchen glanced over as Yaqin sat beside him; even her simplest movements had the grace of a dancer.“Why? Because Xichen and Lan Zhan are your accompanying musicians?” She let out a quiet laugh. “Xichen may be the family head and Lan Zhan a genius at the qin, but they are just kids.” Yaqin reached over and patted Xingchen’s shoulder, her touch affectionate and motherly. “Besides, you don’t give your own talent nearly enough credit, Xingchen. You are far too modest sometimes.”Xingchen dropped his gaze to his lap, eyes fixed on his hands. They were lightly calloused from years of training with one type of weapon or another. It wasn’t that he didn’t know he had the skills and talent everyone praised him for; it was simply that Xingchen questioned how far he had left to go. In his mind, the end of the pathway was nowhere in sight.There came a light touch to his head, a gentle hand smoothing out his hair. Xingchen glanced up to find Yaqin gazing at him, a knowing look in her eyes. She had always been able to read his thoughts easily.  “You will do fine,” she reassured, offering him a smile. Rising to her feet, she held out a hand. “Come on, then. A package arrived for you from your brother today.”Xingchen’s eyes lit up as he took Yaqin’s hand and stood. Visiting Daoren’s school hadn’t been the only reason he had gone to Beijing over the summer. Aunt Baoshan had gone to retrieve some things that belonged to Cangse Sanren, things Xingchen would need for the performance. Yaqin gave him a knowing grin.“I think it’s time you traded in that practice sword for something a little…heftier.”* * * * *The special lectures at Lan Academy were always a sight to behold. Each series had a different theme and usually revolved around music since the Lans were, for the most part, a long line of musicians. Throughout the years, the family had broadened to include other forms of arts and dance; the lecture series rotated in theme to accommodate the many talents. Most of those who performed in the lectures were Lans, dressed in their traditional robes of white and blue, forehead ribbons fluttering in their wake. But the lecture series wasn’t just for the Lans. It was intended as a way to display the artistic talents of the academy’s vast student body. Usually, the lectures were held indoors in one of the vast music lecture halls in anticipation of any weather, and to help protect the antique heirloom instruments that were often used. It came as quite a surprise to everyone to find themselves seated in a stone amphitheater amidst a bamboo forest in the back hills behind the academy on an unseasonably warm day. The seats overlooked a winding path that led to and from a clearing that served as the counterpoint of the amphitheater. Bamboo leaves fluttered in the warm late autumn wind, giving the area an ancient mystical feel.“I’ve never been back here,” Xiaoli remarked as she sank onto the seat next to Song Lan. “The Elders forbid us to come to the back hills without permission.”“Is there a curse or something back here?” Mateo asked timidly from her left. He tried not to be obvious as he cast a wary glance about the place and missed Xiaoli’s eye roll.“No, you fraidy-cat. They’re just strict as hell.” A bark of laughter sounded from Song Lan’s other side where Nie Mingjue sat, a smirk on his face. “That’s an understatement,” he said. “You should see how Old Man Lan gets when someone breaks curfew at camp.” Mingjue exchanged a look with Song Lan before the two of them shook their heads. Anyone who had been to Cloud Recesses the last couple of years knew who Mingjue referred to.A hush seemed to fall over the gathering crowd as Lan Yaqin arrived, the sleeves of her white robe fluttering in the wind. At her side was Lan Yue in pale blue, followed by two boys Song Lan normally only saw at camp. Even at thirteen and dressed in robes of dusty blue, a long white xiao in his hands, Lan Xichen already had a regal and commanding air about him. Beside him strode his brother Lan Zhan, swathed in white and equally as regal at only ten years old.Xiaoli frowned as she watched Lan Zhan approach the raised platform where a white guqin rested. Her eyes kept darting in the direction they had come. “Where’s Xingchen?” she asked.“Cold feet?” a first year student offered from behind her. He shrank back from not only Xiaoli’s cold stare but also Mingjue’s displeased frown and Song Lan’s irritated glare. Before another word could be said, Yaqin cleared her throat, the soft sound carrying in the amphitheater. She stood in the middle of the clearing, straight and tall, her hands clasped together in front of her as she faced the crowd.“Sword dances have a long history,” she explained. “Every country has their own unique dance. They can tell stories or even convey messages to spirits. We hope you enjoy this performance.” With a graceful salute and a sweep of her robes, she stepped away, forehead ribbon dancing behind her.The music started with the strum of the guqin followed closely by a soft note from the xiao. The Twin Jades of Lan began the music, slow and slightly sorrowful. A moment later, a soft rustling sounded, like footsteps on dry leaves. Almost as one, the crowd turned, catching sight of a lone white figure making their way slowly up the forest path. They moved near silently with a measured pace, their movements giving the air of an ethereal spirit drawing closer.Song Lan inhaled sharply when he realized the person was Xingchen; from the sounds next to him, Xiaoli and the others noticed as well. He was dressed in robes of white and gray, hair in a simple half knot with long ends swaying behind him in the breeze. In his right hand, pressed against his back, was a long gleaming sword and across his eyes a strip of white cloth tied at the back of his head. Even blinded, he walked with ease, maneuvering the path without issue.The moment his boot touched the grassy clearing, Xingchen paused, head slightly turned towards the Lan brothers as he listened. After a brief moment, he began to move. Long sleeves whirled about him with each spin he made. The sword in his hand was a blur of silver as Xingchen spun in around with ease. It appeared far heavier in weight than the épée Song Lan saw him fence with, and yet Xingchen handled the weapon as if it were an extension of his own arm. Although the dance was beautiful, the story it told was full of sorrow - the story of a blind swordsman, traveling the world, searching but never able to find what he sought. Each of Xingchen’s movements was both full of grace and sadness as he danced. There was no sound except for the music and the wind as the crowd sat transfixed on the dance before them.One last twirl, one last spin of the blade and Xingchen fell still. He held out his hand, a soft smile forming as a single bamboo leaf fluttered into his palm. One last strum of the guqin and the music ended a moment before the applause exploded.As Mateo gave a sharp whistle and Xiaoli and Mingjue cheered, Song Lan found himself transfixed. He sat perfectly still and silent, eyes watching as Xingchen reached behind to remove his blindfold. The smile on his face was happy, radiant as he faced the crowd before dropping into a polite salute. At the sight of that smile, Song Lan felt his heart beat faster, the pulse loud in his ears. He felt it again, that shift between them. It was getting harder to ignore, harder to pretend they were just friends. For months, Song Lan had tried to act as if nothing had changed between them. But, looking at Xingchen now, at how graceful and beautiful he moved, Song Lan knew it was futile to keep pretending things hadn’t changed.He just didn’t know where to go from here.* * * * *Zichen, bro, it’s almost midnight. 
Uncle Baixue would chew your ass out for violating curfew.Technically I’m still in the dorm.Whatever. 
What do you want, little bro?Advice. And don’t make that face.You can’t see my face!Are you going to help me or not, Sam?Fine fine. What do you want?How do you know when you…have those feelings?Zi…
Did you seriously wake me up for love advice?!Just tell me!Wait a minute…
Is this about Xingchen?What?!
Who said anything about Xingchen?!It is, isn’t it?!
Have you finally realized you’re in love with him?WHAT?!!
How did you…All you ever do is talk about him.
Xingchen this, Xingchen that.I do not!Ask Joaquin. Or David.
Hell, ask Uncle.…………If you’re worried, don’t be.
Uncle will be relieved. 
He’s been wondering when you’d stop being oblivious.It’s not Uncle I’m worried about.You remember what happened the last time you and Xingchen didn’t talk things out?…..yeah.You want my advice, little brother?
Don’t be a dumbass about this.* * * * *“How did we get so unlucky?”Before he could stop himself, Xingchen let out a quiet laugh; he caught Song Lan shooting him an incredulous look, which he returned with a smile. “It could be worse,” he said cheerfully.“How can this possibly be worse?” Song Lan asked. He waved his hand at their surroundings, indicating the torrential rains, the muddy pathway, and the lone oak tree they had taken shelter under.“It could be a cold rain.”Song Lan’s only answer was a roll of the eyes, but he didn’t disagree. They had been caught in a sudden spring shower on their way back from fencing practice, the last two to leave since it was their turn to clean up the salle. They had nearly made it back to their room when thunder sounded and the rain hit, forcing them to take whatever shelter they could find. It had been a good twenty minutes since the rain started, and it didn’t seem to be letting up anytime soon.“At this rate,” Song Lan said, “we’re going to miss dinner.”“Should we try and make a break for it?” Xingchen asked, pulled his glasses off before tucking them into his shirt pocket. Lighting flashed followed by a loud clap of thunder, both far closer than either of them were comfortable with. Wordlessly, Song Lan reached down and grabbed their bags, slinging them over his shoulder before grabbing hold of Xingchen’s wrist and pulling him into the rain.They made a mad dash for the dorms but still found themselves soaked to the skin when they arrived. Ignoring the water they were dripping onto the floors, Song Lan dropped their bags by the door before he began rifling through his dresser in search of clean clothes. Xingchen moved to do the same but found himself arrested on the threshold, watching the movement of Song Lan’s shoulders beneath his wet shirt. He could feel a warm flush creeping across his cheeks and quickly looked away, lips pressed tightly together as he retrieved dry clothes and began to change.Ever since the beginning of the school year, Xingchen had found his eyes drawn more frequently towards his best friend. Song Lan was outgoing and charismatic; he participated in a lot of activities, made friends easily, and got along with everyone. Xingchen, who found it difficult to open up to people so quickly, had always admired his friend’s ability to be at ease with anybody. Xiaoli was the same way, but Song Lan was different. No, it wasn’t that Song Lan was different. It was Xingchen’s feelings towards him that was different. He had spent an entire summer away from his best friend, had missed Song Lan terribly. Xingchen had thought it was because he had become so accustomed to his friend’s presence, seeing him day in and day out for almost three years straight. It wasn’t until he had come back, seen Song Lan watching him walk down the hall that Xingchen realized how much his own feelings had changed.He didn’t just like his best friend. He was in love with him.He hadn’t told anybody - not Xiaoli or Mateo, not Aunt Baoshan. Xingchen hadn’t known what to do with the knowledge that he had fallen in love with Song Lan, so Xingchen did what he always did: he bottled up his feelings, pretending as if nothing was amiss. It hurt in some ways, but he didn’t want his relationship with Song Lan to change. They had started off with a misunderstanding, and Xingchen didn’t want another one to destroy what they had. Something soft and dry fell upon his head and around his shoulders. Xingchen turned to find Song Lan standing close behind him, hand still gripping a corner of the towel. There was an odd look in his eyes as their gazes met.“Your hair,” Song Lan said simply. There was a strain to his voice, as if he were struggling to hold something back. “Thanks.” Xingchen offered him a small smile before reaching up, removing the silver pin that held the coiled knot of his hair in place. Damp, dark strands fell about his face, some clinging to his skin as they dropped. He heard a sharp inhale and found Song Lan staring at him, pupils blown wide and an unreadable expression on his face.“Xingchen…” Song Lan stepped closer, warmth radiating from his skin. He reached forward, fingertips gliding softly along Xingchen’s cheek as he brushed away a damp strand of hair. Xingchen knew the blush on his face had become obvious but he couldn’t move, couldn’t look away.“Xingchen,” Song Lan said again, his voice a whisper, “I may regret this later, but…there’s something I have to tell you. Something I should have said before.”“What is it?” Xingchen kept his face and voice calm, but in his chest his heart was racing. There’s was something about the way that Song Lan looked at him that scared Xingchen. He tried to remain as calm as possible, tamping down the fear and uncertainty.“I…you…wow, this is harder than I thought.” His rich laughter filled the room, a sound Xingchen never tired of hearing. But the anxiety in his heart was still building.“Song Lan, just say it.”For a long moment, Song Lan just stared at him. Just when Xingchen couldn’t handle the tension anymore, just when he was about to look away…“I think I love you.”It felt like the wind had been knocked out of him. Xingchen released a gasp, eyes growing wide. Unconsciously he took a step back, but Song Lan’s hands on his arms and his dresser behind him forced him still.“When…how…”“The start of the year.” Song Lan shook his head. “Maybe before…I don’t know. But the day of the lecture, the one when you danced, I knew something had changed. After that day, I couldn’t look at you and think ‘that’s my friend’ because it wasn’t enough. I wanted more. I want you.” One hand slid up to cup Xingchen’s face, the touch warm and gentle, holding him as if he were the most precious thing in the world - to Song Lan, he probably was. The fright he felt before was gone, replaced with a tentative hope that all of this was more than just a dream. Xingchen found himself leaning in, wanting to be closer as Song Lan continued speaking.“I can’t stop thinking about you. When I see you, your smile is my favorite hello. When you leave, watching you walk away is the hardest goodbye. And I don’t ever want to say goodbye to you.”“Song Lan…”“Zichen. Call me Zichen.”He closed his eyes, shoulders relaxing as Xingchen released a slow sigh. When he opened his eyes again, he found Song Lan smiling at him with an expression of hope.“Zichen.” Xingchen pressed in close, hands resting on Song Lan’s shoulders as he whispered. “I love you too.” He heard the startled intake of breath a moment before strong arms enveloped him, holding him tight. There was the soft press of lips to his cheek before his own lips were claimed in a kiss. Xingchen sighed into the touch as he leaned in, arms folding behind Song Lan’s neck.A flash of lighting was followed by a loud boom of thunder before the lights went out. Surprised voices sounded up and down the hallway just as the lights flickered back on a minute later.“Well that’s a hell of a first kiss,” Song Lan murmured, the amusement clear in his tone. He gazed at Xingchen with a slight quirk of his brow. “Care to try again?”“We’ll miss dinner.”“We’ll just be a little late.”Xingchen’s laughter was swallowed by another kiss. Then another. And another.



High School Part 2
Chapter Summary
Regarding rematches, summer camp, acceptance letters, and proposals.
Chapter Notes
The ski trip text series is based on this set of photos: https://m.weibo.cn/status/4440340787893297
A certain little mischief maker has an appearance in this story. 
I fully realize that most college acceptance "letters" these days are email messages. However, based on my own experience and for stylistic choices for this story, the college acceptance letter packets is used.



How’s the road trip?
I live with my brothers every day.It’s only been a week.Why am I contemplating murder?
It’s a week of four guys traveling across the country in a car.
Is that why I feel like I want to kill them?
It could be worse.
How can it possibly be worse?
You could have 7 siblings all crammed into a home built for 4.
You never said you had 7 siblings.
I don’t.I have more.Those are just the ones visiting right now.
No wonder you read so much.
Haha!Such a comedian.
You still love me tho.
I have made a terrible decision.
No take backsies.
* * * * *
“Does that asshole ever learn?” Adhira Patel asked with irritation, brown fingers tapping out a staccato on her knee impatiently as she watched the bout happening in front of her.
Song Lan made no effort to hide the scowl on his face as he shrugged. He sat with the rest of the Lan Academy fencing team as they watched the last bout of the day. While the foil team had lost their matches, the saber team - which included Song Lan and Adhira - had claimed victory. Four of the five épée bouts had finished with Lan Academy winning three. If Xingchen won his bout, the team would still come out victorious based on their previous wins against Andover.
Wins were less important for the team compared to fair play, one of the many Lan Principles the school was built upon. Right now, fair play was hard to come by; even though Xingchen was in the lead by a handful of points, his opponent was employing some dirty tactics that just barely scraped by as legal.
“It’s been six years,” Collum McKim remarked from Adhira’s right. “Churchill still thinks he’s better than Xiao.”
“Xingchen’s already beaten him twice before,” Adhira said. She glanced over as the referee called a point. “It’s about to be three times.” 
As they watched, Sebastian Churchill made a series of beats against Xingchen’s blade with his épée. The last beat hit just above the bell guard, allowing Xingchen to begin a riposte. Before he could complete the move, Sebastian executed a flèche, his whole body driving forward with great speed. Sebastian’s blade went wide, sailing under his opponent’s arm as his shoulder connected solidly against Xingchen’s chest. The force of the contact caused Xingchen to fall backwards with a hard thud. 
“What the hell?!” Jia yelled as the Lan fencing team exploded into shocked gasps and angry shouts.  Corps-à-corps between opponents wasn’t illegal in an épée bout, but the force behind Sebastian’s move had called for a hard halt and a warning. Even with his mask on, it was clear by his arrogant body posturing that Sebastian was quite proud of himself.
Song Lan wanted nothing more than to smack the smirk off his face, but he forced himself to sit still as he watched Jia make her way towards Xingchen. Despite being bodily checked to the floor, he got back to his feet with a measure of grace and composure. He gave Jia an acknowledging nod as he straightened his jacket and stepped back into position. Only Song Lan seemed to notice as Xingchen turned his head a fraction in his direction, chin dipping almost imperceptibly.
I’m okay, he seemed to say. 
His hands unclenched from the tight fists he made as Song Lan nodded back. He tilted his chin in Sebastian’s direction and gave a slight quirk of his eyebrow.

Kick his ass.

Xingchen made a slight flick with his épée in acknowledgement before resuming his ready position. From the straight line of his back, Song Lan could tell his boyfriend was about to get serious - even more than he was before. Most of their fellow teammates only knew Xingchen as the gentle and talented fencer, as graceful on the strip as he was on the dance floor. And, for the most part, that was the kind of person Xingchen was. But Song Lan knew there was a ruthlessness to him as well, a cold and deadly intent that only took over when Xingchen wanted it to, when he had a need for it.
He had that need now.
Beside him, Adhira shivered suddenly while Collum gave a sharp inhale. All around Song Lan the fencing team tensed as they seemed to sense a change in the bout though none of them realized the source. Only Song Lan appeared relaxed, leaning on his hands as he watched Xingchen. The overhead lights shimmered over his engraved bell guard, highlighting the pattern of flowers and frost.
The referee had barely finished saying ‘allez’ when Xingchen feinted to the left. As Sebastian tried to parry, quicker than most could follow, Xingchen turned his wrist. His épée followed his motion, the blade curving ever so slightly until its point rested squarely on Sebastian’s mask, right between his eyes.
There was a moment of stunned silence as every person in the area seemed to freeze. A slow smirk formed on Song Lan’s face at the same time the referee called for the match to end and Lan Academy’s victory. There was the sound of stampeding feet as the team rushed forward, the blue clouds embroidered on their jacket sleeves flashing in the light as they enveloped Xingchen in a mass of flailing limbs. Song Lan remained where he was, taking in Xingchen’s embarrassed flush, his teammates’ happy faces, and the look of utter defeat in Sebastian’s eyes.
Across the distance, their eyes met. Xingchen gave him that soft smile, the same one he had at the end of his dance last year - the one Song Lan had fallen in love with. Slowly, eyes still locked with Xingchen, Song Lan rose to his feet. With purposeful strides, he went to join his teammates to celebrate another victory.
* * * * *
How’s the ski trip?
Cold.
You hate the cold.
I know.Why did I agree to come on this trip again?
Because you love your siblings.Are you at least having some fun?
It is actually nice.Skiing isn’t as difficult as I thought, once you get the hang of it.Though…
What?
I wish you were here.
I wish I were too.But I’ll see you soon.
Yeah…
Hey, send me a photo.I want to see you in your ski gear.
You know I don’t take photos of myself.
Then get your siblings to send me one.And hurry up.
Fine fine.
………………………
Zichen?
………………………
Zichen??
You have no right looking that attractive in a goddamn puffy coat.
* * * * *
“How did you even DO that?!”
Xingchen tried to keep the amusement off his face as he looked around the remains of the cabin. Bunks and chairs were overturned, and there were clothes and bedsheets flung everywhere. Everything was a sticky mess, covered with soda and bits of candy. A haze of smoke drifted about the room coupled with the distinct smell of something still burning; there were even scorch marks on the walls and ceiling, although no one could find any signs that a fire had ignited or was still burning. 
To Xingchen’s left stood Nie Mingjue and Lan Xichen, the former openly gaping at the spectacle before him while the latter merely sighed and shook his head. To Xingchen’s right was Song Lan, who was using his height and bulk to stare down three young boys. Two of them had their heads bowed in embarrassment while the third just shrugged casually.
“Miscalculation?” Wei Wuxian offered with a sheepish grin. To his credit, he didn’t flinch or back away when Song Lan scowled at him.
“Only you could cause an actual explosion with Diet Coke and Mentos. It shouldn’t even be possible!”
“Apparently it is.”
Before the exchange could escalate further, Xingchen laid his hand on his boyfriend’s arm. The simple touch seemed to ease the built up tension in Song Lan’s shoulders even as he continued to glare at Wei Wuxian.
“Possible or not,” Xingchen began in a calming tone, “there’s still the problem that you nearly blew up your cabin.”
“Our cabin,” Jiang Cheng and Nie Huaisang chimed together. 
“He nearly blew up our cabin,” Huaisang repeated, his voice low and timid as he avoided his brother’s gaze.
“Why didn’t you experiment in your own cabin?” Xichen asked curiously.
“I didn’t want to put Lan Zhan in a bind if things went wrong,” Wei Wuxian replied honestly.
“So you’re willing to blow up our cabin to spare Lan Zhan’s feelings?!” Jiang Cheng’s voice was pitched high and laced with incredulity. Before the two brothers could get into a physical altercation, Song Lan grabbed them both by the shoulders and shoved them into the destroyed cabin.
“I don’t care who started it or why.” There was an actual growl to his voice which seemed to quell even Wei Wuxian’s mischievous streak. “You did it, you clean it up.” Giving Huaisang a gentler push into the cabin, Song Lan gave the boys a meaningful glare before taking Xingchen’s wrist and pulling him away, leaving Mingjue and Xichen to supervise.
“Why did we even agree to be camp counselors anyway?” Song Lan asked once they were out of earshot.
“Because Headmaster Lan wanted to add fencing as a camp activity,” Xingchen replied. “And Coach Jia recommended us.”
Song Lan muttered something unintelligible as they continued walking. The pair didn’t go far, stopping at an old oak tree some thirty feet away. They were far enough away to have a measure of privacy but still near enough to see the clean up progress. Mingjue and Xichen could be trusted to watch the younger boys, but nobody really knew what was ticking inside Wei Wuxian’s head.
“That kid is a menace,” Song Lan muttered, settling on the ground before pulling Xingchen down.
“He’s technically my nephew, you know,” Xingchen said. Within the circle of Song Lan’s arms, he leaned against his boyfriend’s chest. He let his head fall back against a strong shoulder and allowed himself to relax. Despite the humid mugginess that pervaded the summer afternoon, Xingchen felt quite comfortable where he was.
“That little fact is absolutely terrifying and very difficult to believe.”
“Why?”
“That kid is a hellion, and you are an absolute angel.”
Xingchen turned his face away in an attempt to hide the blush he could feel warming his cheeks. Calloused fingers lightly gripped his chin, turning him back before Song Lan captured his lips in a soft kiss. It was a brief kiss - not at all like the one the cabin explosion had interrupted - as they were both aware of their very exposed position.
“I never get tired of seeing that,” Song Lan murmured, a finger brushing over Xingchen’s cheekbone. Just as Song Lan was leaning in for another kiss, a loud crash sounded followed by Mingjue’s inarticulate shout.
Xingchen was left laughing in the shady grass as Song Lan scrambled to his feet, stomping back towards the cabin while yelling something about hell born brats and timing.
* * * * *
The first snowfall of the new year had just begun when the packets started arriving. The large thick envelope stamped with the logo of a prestigious institute was a good sign, one each senior eagerly awaited. One of the points of pride for Lan Academy was the high acceptance rate of its students into some of the best colleges and universities in the country. It was a rare thing for an academy student not to receive an acceptance letter.
Earlier in the week, Xiaoli had raced into their room, screaming until their ears rang as she waved her acceptance packet from Harvard, the next stop on her road to becoming a prosecutor. The next day, Mateo had bounced in, a jumble of energy and excitement regarding his entrance to Le Cordon Bleu in Paris. Mateo’s dreams were simple - his own restaurant focusing on Puerto Rican cuisine - but he was willing to go to a whole other country to achieve them.
When he received his packet, stamped with the distinct redwood tree and red S for Stanford, Song Lan had a moment of stunned shock. Since the day he had sent in his application, he had been waiting with bated breath for an answer. He had attempted to keep his hopes low so as not to be disappointed, but now that he knew where he would be after graduation, Song Lan could feel the happiness bubbling. He spun on his heels, startling a group of freshmen as he turned the corner and raced back to his room. The door crashed into the wall with a loud bang as he entered.
“Xingchen!”
He stood with his back to Song Lan, but at the sound of his voice Xingchen turned slowly to face him. His arm lowered, dropping a cream colored paper he held onto his desk as a slow smile formed.
“Did you get it?” he asked. Song Lan’s smile fell just a touch; there was something in Xingchen’s voice that sounded off. Even though his smile was genuine, his posture relaxed, Song Lan could tell Xingchen was worried about something.
“Zichen?”
Shaking himself out of his stupor, Song Lan held up the thick envelope.
“It just came in,” he said before ripping open the packet. His eyes quickly scanned the letter before handing it to Xingchen to read. As his eyes scanned the letter, darting left and right behind his glasses, the soft smile Song Lan loved so much began to turn up the corners of Xingchen’s lips. 
“You did it.” Stepping closer, Xingchen wrapped his arms around Song Lan’s neck. He tilted his chin up for a lingering, slow kiss. “I knew you would get in,” he murmured quietly when they parted. 
“Now we just have to wait for your letter.” One eyebrow arched as Xingchen shook his head. Letting go, he retrieved the paper he had been reading earlier and held it out. Song Lan took it, noting the distinct blue and gold logo in the corner. The words he read were different from his own letter, and yet conveyed the same message.
“It arrived today,” Xingchen said as he read. “I got in.” Even though he still had that smile, the odd tone was back. Only Song Lan, who knew him in a way no one else did, could tell it was there. 
“Xingchen.” He set both letters on the desk and approached his boyfriend. Song Lan pulled off Xingchen’s glass before slipping his arms around his waist. He held him close, hands rubbing comforting circles against his back. “Xingchen, you just got accepted into Notre Dame. Why aren’t you happy?”
“I am.”
“Xingchen.” He looked his boyfriend square in the eye, gaze unwavering. “This is me you’re talking to. I know you. Sometimes you’re still that scared little kid inside.” Leaning in close, Song Lan pressed a kiss to his brow, whispering into his hair. “Don’t keep it in. Tell me.” His arms tightened as he felt Xingchen slump against him, a long almost sad sigh sounding.
“I know I should be happy,” Xingchen murmured. “We’re getting these opportunities people like us don’t get everyday. We could have so easily made different choices, walked different paths. Fortune is truly smiling on us.”
“But?”
Xingchen closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against Song Lan’s shoulder. His next words were muffled and trembled ever so slightly.
“But I’m being selfish, aren’t I? Because, truthfully, there’s a part of me that doesn’t want to go.”
“Xingchen…”
“You’re right. I’m still that scared little kid. I don’t want to be alone.” Xingchen sighed softly, his hands fisting into Song Lan’s shirt. “When I first came here, after a few days, I almost called Aunt Baoshan to come and get me. But then Xiaoli found me in the library, and after that was Mateo.”
“Good friends are difficult to come by,” Song Lan said. He felt Xingchen nod against his shoulder.
“It’s not the lack of friends that scares me.”
“Then what is it?”
Song Lan remained still as gentle hands cupped his face. He met Xingchen’s gaze, could see the turmoil swirling in their depths.
“You,” Xingchen whispered. “I don’t want to be parted from you.”
“Xingchen…”
“Tell me that this is just a selfish whimsy. Tell me I’m being ridiculous. Because I know I am. I’m being childish, and selfish, and so so stupid.”
“Stop.” Song Lan tightened his hold, pulling Xingchen against his chest. He could feel him shaking, hear his hitched breathing as Xingchen tried to hold everything in - always putting on a brave face for the world when inside he was a roil of emotions. 
“Zichen…don’t let go.”
That tiny plea tore at his heart. He thought of Xingchen all those years ago, so quiet, so small, so frightened of the world beyond the home, the siblings, and the books he knew. He had blossomed beyond that into a graceful dancer, a deadly fencer, a person with a bright smile and a gentle heart. Even so, when faced with uncertainty, Xingchen had become that frightened child again. All Song Lan could do was drop a kiss to his hair as he held him close, whispering the words he wanted to hear.
“Never. I’m right here. I’m not going anywhere.”
* * * * *
Uncle?
Zichen! How’s school?
Fine.Everything’s fine.
How’s Xingchen?Things between you two are still good?
Actually, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about.
Trouble in paradise?
No!Everything’s great between us.
Then what’s the problem?
It’s not a problem.I need your help with something.
What are you planning?
Something special.Will you help me?
Tell uncle everything.
* * * * *
They finished their exams just as the summer heat was beginning to set it. For the seniors, it meant almost a week of relaxation before the graduation ceremony. It was a week filled with clearing out dorms, celebrating with friends, and preparing for the next step in their journey.
Alone in his room, Xingchen sat cross legged on the floor as he slowly and meticulously cleared out his belongings. He was merely biding his time, wanting to savor the last remaining days and hours in this room. This would be the last week he spent here, a room that had become something of his home the last seven years. So much of his formative years - his most cherished memories - had been within those four walls. His first love, his first kiss, all of it happened right here.
It had been three months since he had told Song Lan of his fears about the future; although they never spoke about it again, that fright had never really left him. Xingchen wasn’t naive to hope that nothing would change between him and Song Lan after they left Lan Academy. Time and distance always changed people. He wasn’t selfish and childish enough to ask Song Lan to stay with him, to forget Stanford and just stay beside Xingchen. No matter how lost and terrified he felt, Xingchen wanted nothing more than for the person he loved the most to fulfill his dreams - even if that meant leaving Xingchen behind.
Closing his eyes, Xingchen took a deep breath and willed the tears away. He wouldn’t cry. This wasn’t anything to cry over. He was determined to see this week through with a happy smile for Song Lan’s sake.
With a soft creak, the door to the room opened. Xingchen looked up to find Song Lan striding in, a slender black box in one hand and his phone wedged between his shoulder and ear.
“Yes, Uncle, it came today,” he said as he set down his bag and kicked the door closed. Upon seeing Xingchen, he gave him a broad smile before toeing off his shoes and striding over. “It’s perfect timing. Yeah, I’ll let you know how it goes. I will, and I’ll see you all at the ceremony. Right…bye Uncle.” Song Lan ended the call before tossing his phone carefully onto the bed and sinking onto the floor next to Xingchen.
“Everything all right at home?” Xingchen asked. He really wasn’t that interested in the answer, but he asked anyway.
“They’re all fine,” Song Lan replied. “Though I’m fairly certain my brothers are cooking up a way to embarrass me at the graduation ceremony.”
Having met his boyfriend’s family on numerous occasions, Xingchen was pretty certain they would have a trick or two at the ready. “We have an hour until Coach Jia asked us all to meet at the salle for one last gathering before all the seniors leave.”
“Plenty of time then.”
Xingchen blinked in confusion but didn’t resist as Song Lan took both of his hands; he tugged gently, pulling Xingchen closer until they were facing each other, knees pressed together.
“Hey, tell me your dream again.”
A slow, embarrassed smile began to form on his face. Xingchen had only shared his dream once with Song Lan. It seemed, even now, a nigh on impossible dream. But it was still his dream.
“I want to qualify for the Olympics,” Xingchen whispered. “I want to fence on that stage, just once.” Ever since he was little, seeing his first fencing match on television, he had dreamed of one day qualifying for the games. He didn’t care if he won a medal or not, he just wanted to say he had done it, that he had earned that spot through his own hard work and merit. 
There came a soft kiss to his brow, so gentle and so sure it made Xingchen’s heart skip.
“I know you’re still scared.”
His heart skipped again, this time in trepidation. Xingchen dropped his gaze as he worried his lower lip with his teeth. As hard as he had tried to hide it, Song Lan had still seen through his facade.
“I know you’re scared of what’s to come after this week, of not being able to fulfill your dream.” Song Lan brushed his thumbs lightly over the back of Xingchen’s hands, feeling the taut tendons and muscles beneath the pale skin. “I can’t promise you nothing will change, Xingchen.”
“I know.” Xingchen forced himself to look up, to lock gazes with Song Lan again as his grip tightened. “And I won’t ask you to. It’s not right or fair to ask you to make a promise you can’t keep.”
“Xingchen, I’m going to admit something to you.” With a gentle sweep of his fingers, Song Lan tucked a strand of dark hair behind Xingchen’s ear. He let his fingers linger a moment longer, gliding slowly down his neck. “I’m also scared of leaving you. I’ve gotten so used to having you with me that it feels like I’m cutting off a part of myself.”
“Zichen…”
“I can’t promise that things won’t change. But I can promise you that I’ll always be waiting for you, that I will always love you.”
His lips parted in surprise although he made no sound. For a long moment, Xingchen could only sit and gape at his boyfriend in astonishment.
“Wh-what are you saying?”
It was Song Lan’s turn to look embarrassed as spots of color appeared on his cheeks. He gripped Xingchen’s hands tightly in an attempt to keep his from trembling. 
“I want you to go to Notre Dame. I want you to get that literature degree you’ve been talking about. I want you to qualify for the Olympics and show the world your fencing skills. And, once you’ve done it all, once you’ve fulfilled your dreams, I’ll still be waiting for you. No matter how long it takes, I’ll wait for you. If you’ll still have me.”
Letting go of Song Lan’s hands, Xingchen surged forward, wrapping his arms around his neck and burying his face against Song Lan’s neck. 
“Always,” he breathed. He felt himself pulled forward, cradled in those arms that always made him feel safe. For the first time in months, Xingchen felt his heart settle into peace.
“I promise you,” he heard Song Lan murmur into his ear, “I’ll always be waiting.” When he pulled back from their embrace, there was a smile on his face as he held out the box he had carried before.
With hands that shook ever so slightly, Xingchen pried open the lid. His breath whistled as he inhaled sharply, eyes widening in surprise. Nestled on plush black velvet was a silver hairpin molded to resemble a slender sword. It was, in shape, much like the one Xingchen had inherited from his sister, the same sword he danced with. Along its length was engraved a pattern of frost and flowers, and at the pommel dangled a jade bead carved into the shape of a plum blossom.
“It’s not a ring,” Song Lan said as he took up the hair pin, “because you’re too special for that. But the question is the same.” With careful gestures, he removed the pin holding Xingchen’s half knot in place before slipping in the new one. “I’ll wait for you as long as you want, as long as you need. When you’re ready, I’ll tie myself to you permanently. If you’ll have me?”
The tears he had been holding back for months slipped free now. They were no longer tears of fright, but ones of happiness and hope. He let them fall as Xingchen cupped Song Lan’s face in his hands, a smile on his lips.
“Yes.” He leaned closer for a whisper of a kiss. “Yes, always yes.” Before Xingchen could say another word, his lips were crushed in a bruising kiss. It was a harsh kiss but a happy one, full of promise for uncountable years to come. His trepidation was gone, replaced with a lightness that seemed to buoy him up beyond all fear and uncertainty. Xingchen went pliant, giving himself fully into the kiss, trusting Song Lan to always steady him and hold him tight.
As long as his Zichen would be there waiting for him, Xingchen knew he could face anything.



College Part 1
Chapter Summary
Regarding distance, winter breaks, new teammates, and dreams.
Chapter Notes
This is the first of three chapters involving the college year(s). It introduces a certain someone and the story is about to take a turn.In the second text series, the profile photo that was mentioned is based off of this photoshoot: https://heymeowmao.tumblr.com/post/189201663235



Hey love.Hello dearest.First week go okay?It’s been…interesting.
You?Can’t complain too much.
Food is better than at the academy.
But the company isn’t as good. I miss you too.Did you make the fencing team?Results don’t come out until next week.
I’m not going to hold my breath.Trust me, you made the team.You’re awfully confident in me.There’s only one thing I am absolutely certain of.
And that’s you.
Besides, if you didn’t make the team, there’s going to be a riot.Oh?
Are you going to come over here to knock some sense into people?Of course not!
I’m going to come and watch while Coach Jia knocks some sense into people.
Along with your aunt.
And your brother.
And your other brother.
And your sister.Yes yes I get the idea.I have to get to class.
I love you.I love you too.
Zichen?Yeah?Call me when you get back.
I want to hear your voice.Anything for you.* * * * *“Hey, David?”“What?” “Can you introduce me to your roommate?”“Xingchen? Why?”“Well, I was hoping…”Glancing up from his biology textbook, David Wilson gave his lab partner a scrutinizing look. Not only were they in the same biology class, Jared Anderson was on the football team with David, both on the defensive line. They should have been concentrating on the assigned lab experiment; Jared, however, seemed to have his thoughts elsewhere. Typical Jared.This wasn’t the first time David had this kind conversation, and not just with his teammate. He highly doubted it would be the last time either.“Are you seriously going to try and ask Xingchen out?” David asked incredulously. He watched as Jared’s face turned bright red, his freckles blending in with his embarrassment.“Just announce to the whole class, man,” Jared hissed even as his blush deepened. With a huff of irritation, David made some notes on his graph. “It would be pointless to ask Xingchen on a date.”“Why?” “Can we please just finish this lab?” He glanced over to their teaching assistant, who paced the other side of the lab room and seemed more interested in the clock ticking down to the end of lab period than their off topic discussion.“Why would it be pointless?” Jared asked impatiently. “Because he’s already seeing someone.”“Who?”With a growl of impatience, David finished his graph and got up to hand it to the TA. Grabbing his bag, he threw a glare over his shoulder before saying loud enough for the entire class to hear, “None of your business!” With that, he stomped out the door.There was a distinct chill in the air as the fall semester neared the end with winter break just a couple of weeks away. As he made his way back to his dorm, he tried not to scowl at everyone who happened to look his way. The encounter with Jared had irritated him, painting a frown on his otherwise smiling face. At six foot four and with a brawny build, David was intimidating on and off the football field. Despite his massive size, he was more of a gentle giant; all he wanted was to give back to underprivileged black kids like himself, kids who had been given up for whatever reason. David had spent most of the past couple of months working towards his science education degree and training on the football team to achieve that dream. He had also spent more time than he had anticipated fending off potential suitors interested in dating his roommate.It was a rather irritating task.David didn’t blame Xingchen. He knew from experience how difficult it was to dislike his brother’s fiancé. Xiao Xingchen got along well with everyone but kept to himself mostly. Outside of class and fencing practice, he only associated with David, Kali McDonald - a classmate from one of his literature courses - and the two Lan Academy students who had also gotten into Notre Dame, Adhira Patel and Collum McKim. Despite his somewhat introverted personality, Xingchen had a mysterious and charismatic air about him that attracted others. He spoke softly, had stellar grades, exemplary fencing skills, and a habit of reserving dance studio spaces for himself.It probably didn’t help that he had a pretty face as well. Xingchen wasn’t his type, but David knew a beauty when he saw one.When he got back to his room, David could hear someone speaking. Inside, he found Xingchen on the phone while scrolling through his email messages. Sparing David a glance, he gave a smile and a wave in greeting.“I have some space reserved this afternoon,” Xingchen said, fingers dancing over the keyboard. “Yes, I got the email. When’s the next lecture?” He turned his attention to his planner, flipping through the pages quickly. David caught sight of a photo, one of Xingchen with Song Lan, taken at their graduation ceremony; Xingchen was using it as a bookmark amongst the brightly highlighted pages. “It’s during break, so I should be able to make it. All right…tell Coach Jia and Yue I said hello.” After a few more parting words, Xingchen ended the call before he began packing his laptop into a bag.“Another dance practice?” David asked as he rifled through his dresser drawer for more comfortable clothes.“Yaqin asked if I’d do another performance before the academy lets out for the winter holidays.”“And you couldn’t say no.”Xingchen just shrugged but there was a small smile on his face. “Yaqin’s always been good at…persuasion.” He zipped up his bag before hefting it over his shoulder. “I should be back before Zichen calls.”“Don’t worry, I’ll make him wait.”Xingchen gave him another wave before stepping out, the jade bead of his hair pin swinging with his movements.* * * * *Most of his time with Xingchen had been at Lan Academy or Cloud Recesses camp. In all the years they had known each other, neither Song Lan nor Xingchen had never had the chance to visit each other’s homes. Until now.Early in the semester, Baoshan Sanren had secretly arranged for Song Lan to spend his first holiday break from Stanford in Boston. She hadn’t wanted Xingchen to be on his own for the winter holidays while she guest taught at Daoren’s school, and Song Lan was happy to accept her offer. After exams, they had headed to the academy for Xingchen’s performance and a brief reunion with the fencing team. Since their return, it had been just the two of them in the modest Boston townhome.It was the first time they had been alone together since graduation. Their summers had been a whirlwind of orientation, completing paperwork, registering for classes, and getting ready for new lives in different places. Only once had they been able to see each other, slipping away for a few moments alone during move in day at Notre Dame. Since then, their only connection was through phone calls and texts. The separation had left them both starving for each other’s company in a way neither of them could have imagined.They lay together on the couch under a thick plush blanket, the lights dimmed and the television playing some kind of Christmas program neither of them were paying attention to. Xingchen was half dozing, face buried against Song Lan’s neck. Song Lan had one hand shifting through the long, loose strands of Xingchen’s hair, the silken locks slipping between his fingers. “Zichen?”“Hm?” Song Lan could feel the flutter of lashes against his neck before the couch shifted slightly as Xingchen propped himself up to catch his gaze.“Remember the time the power went out in the dorms?”It was the middle of a snowstorm that had hit so hard and suddenly it caught everyone off guard. The academy staff had scrambled to get the generators working, but the dorms had been without power in the freezing snow until morning. It had been a long, cold night for everyone.“We had to share a bed in order to stay warm that night,” Song Lan recalled. It had been an awkward experience, two fifteen year old boys lying as close as they dared while still keeping a distance between them. By morning, the distance had disappeared as the need for warmth became the driving natural instinct.“That was before you told me you loved me.”“I was already in love with you then.”“So was I.” One corner of Xingchen’s lips turned up into a smile. “Back then, I was terrified of telling you. Seems like such a trivial thing now.”Laying a hand against the back of his neck, Song Lan pulled him in for a kiss. “Nothing about you is ever trivial,” he murmured against Xingchen’s lips. “Not to me. Not ever.”Xingchen gazed down at him with a heated, knowing look in his eyes. “Will you keep me warm tonight?”His heart stuttered in his chest as his breath caught in his throat. Xingchen never made a request unless he meant it. For a long moment, Song Lan gazed up at him before slowly sitting up and reached for the remote to turn the television off. Standing, he pulled Xingchen to his feet, their locked gaze never breaking as they made their way to the bedroom where they traded warm kisses and fevered touches until morning.* * * * *David.What’s up?Why did you send me that photo?What?
Don’t like it?
You surprise me, Zi.
I thought you would be all over it.…..Zi?I walked into a door.WHAT??I’m sitting in the student clinic.
I might have broken my nose.Seriously?
You are ridiculous, bro.
It was just a picture of Xingchen.‘Just’ he says.
It’s ‘just’ Xingchen’s profile.He’s going to be the death of you, bro.Damn straight.
I wouldn’t have it any other way.* * * * *The sounds of clashing blades echoed in the training salle. A new academic year meant a new fencing team; tryouts had completed the Friday after classes started, and the new roster had been posted by the following Monday. Naturally, Xingchen, Adhira, and Collum had made the team again, along with most of the previous year’s squad. There were four new freshmen amongst the list. They each occupied one of the strips and were currently demonstrating their skills against the coaches.“I don’t know.” Collum rubbed the back of his neck as he watched the mock épée bout taking place. “The new guy has some skills, but he reminds me a little of that asshole Churchill.”“Yeah,” Adhira agreed. “There’s something about the way he moves. I don’t fully trust him.”Xingchen didn’t say a word, merely gave them both an unconvinced look. Of the three of them, he was the most familiar with Sebastian Churchill’s brand of arrogance. While he didn’t disagree with his friends’ assessment of the new recruit, he also wasn’t willing to just blindly agree either. Xingchen wasn’t naive; he knew there were a lot of other Churchill types out there. But he also knew from experience that it could be very easy to misinterpret other people’s actions.At the very least, he was willing to take a ‘wait and see’ approach for the time being.“Anyway, nobody is better at épée than Xingchen.” With a sideways smirk, Adhira jabbed him playfully with her elbow.“There’s always someone better,” Xingchen replied modestly although he could feel his cheeks heating.“No way!” Collum waved his hand as if shooing away a fly. “You’re one of the top fencers in our division at épée. If you keep going at this rate, you’ll qualify for The Team easily.” All three of them had aspirations to make the Olympic team, but none of them actually said the dreaded O-word. Saying it out loud felt like cursing their chances.They turned their attention back to the strip when Coach Charles raised his hand to call for the end of the mock bout. The new freshman had a smirk on his face as he removed his mask, strands of dark hair sticking to his cheek from a light sheen of sweat. He had a feral look in his eyes as he stood waiting, flicking his épée about with a carefree attitude.“Xiao!” Coach Charles called, waving Xingchen over. “Let me see what this kid can do against you.”Xingchen felt Collum’s slap to his back before he stepped forward. Pushing his hair behind his shoulder, Xingchen slipped on his mask and faced his opponent. He felt that familiar calm that overtook him whenever he fenced, the noise in the room settling into a low murmur as his mind focused on the strip, his blade, and his opponent. As he made his salute and slipped into ready position, Xingchen was already analyzing the match. The freshman was slighter and just a touch shorter than he was; he held his épée in his right hand loosely, his stance casual but with few easy openings. Xingchen already knew how fast and light on his feet the other fencer was having seen him against Coach Charles. He wouldn’t be as easy to defeat as Sebastian Churchill, but Xingchen could already see a way.“Allez!”It was easy for Xingchen to side step the lunge using a parry with distance. With a simple flick, the tip of his épée landed against the freshman’s shoulder, gaining him a point. A lunge, parry, feint, and another flick later and Xingchen had gained another point. Xingchen could tell the freshman was toying with him, testing out his weak points by letting him gain the upper hand. It was a tactic he also had employed throughout his school years, one Song Lan had seen through even though everyone else had missed it. He wasn’t a prideful person by any means, and he could be modest to a fault. Despite his words from earlier, Xingchen knew he had skills. He wasn’t about to go down without a fight.“There’s the Gentle Breeze,” Adhira remarked as she noted the change in  Xingchen’s posture. To most of the campus, Xingchen was the Bright Moon, a kind soul with an equally kind smile and gesture for everyone he encountered, a point of brightness even on the dreariest of days. Within the fencing squad, he was the Gentle Breeze, deadly quick and fast on both his feet and with his blade; his opponents wouldn’t even realize his épée had touched them until points or halts were called. He had a deadly intent Adhira and Collum had witnessed many times, and both were glad they were in different blade categories as neither were confident they could match up to Xingchen’s innate talent.The freshman attempted a half-advance to try to throw Xingchen’s sense of distance off. With a grace born from years of dance, Xingchen leaned onto his back leg, twisted to the side, and lunged under his opponent’s outstretched arm. His épée tip rested against a shoulder, the blade curved in an arc. With a sharp clap of his hands, Coach Charles ended the match, the two fencers stepping back into ready position and saluting one another.“Didn’t think I’d be going up against the Gentle Breeze on my first day,” the freshman said after removing his mask. He gave Xingchen a friendly grin while holding out his hand for a shake. “I’m Xue Yang.”“Xiao Xingchen.” He took his opponent’s hand, the gentle smile on his face never wavering even as he felt the firm squeeze of fingers meant to test his strength. “Where did you learn to fence?”“Oh, here and there.” Xue Yang made a casual flick of his hand. “Why?”“You have some unique skills. I was wondering where you learned them.”Xue Yang made a derisive sound in his throat and shrugged casually. “My skills don’t compare to the famous Xiao Xingchen, trained by Baoshan Sanren and the darling of Lan Academy.”He didn’t react to the compliment. His relation to Aunt Baoshan and his training at the academy was no secret, but flattery meant little to Xingchen. There was something about the words Xue Yang had said, the tone he had used that gave Xingchen pause. There was a tentative caution in the back of his mind, a wariness about the man in front of him he hadn’t felt before. Perhaps he was overanalyzing things, but Xingchen made a mental note to himself for later. He gave his own shrug before turning back to where Adhira and Collum waited.“I look forward to working with you on the team, Xue Yang.” With a polite nod, Xingchen headed towards his teammates, missing the unreadable gleam in Xue Yang’s eyes.* * * * *With a startled gasp, his eyes flew open. For long moments, Xingchen stared up at the ceiling of his dorm room and tried to focus on his breathing.In, out. In, and out. Another dream...it wasn’t the first weird dream he had, but it was definitely one of the most unusual. It was pitch black, like a thick film had come over his eyes; he hadn’t been able to see anything in the dream, but he could hear. There had been a constant low rustling, like the sound of leaves or grass, accompanied by the howl of dry wind. Even in his dream, he had been able to smell dust and a faint but always persistent copper scent.He needed to get up, get out of his room. He needed air.As quietly as he could so as not to wake David, Xingchen slipped out of bed. He reached for the nearest item of clothing, slipping it on before pocketing his phone. Slipping his feet into his shoes, ignoring the loose laces, he crept towards the door.It was almost one in the morning when Xingchen slipped into the hallway. Leaving the door cracked, he sat on the floor with his back pressed to the wall. For some time he sat quietly in the silent, dimly lit hallway. Hugging his arms around himself, Xingchen buried his nose into the slightly too large, faded hoodie and caught the faint scent of pine; belatedly, he realized it was Song Lan’s old Lan Academy hoodie. Song Lan had worn it all through high school, swore up and down it was the most comfortable hoodie he had ever worn and would never give it up. It had been a surprise when Xingchen had been unpacking and found the hoodie stuffed into one of his bags, a pleasant one that had brought a smile to his face when he was feeling lonely.Pulling the phone from his pocket, Xingchen scrolled through his contacts before pressing the call button. As the dial tone sounded, he pulled the hood up, closed his eyes, and waited. “Hello?”A soft sigh brushed past Xingchen’s lips at the slightly irritated voice that answered, a voice he needed to hear. “Zichen,” he said quietly.“Xingchen?” The sound of something heavy dropping could be heard followed by the shuffle of papers before Song Lan spoke again. “What time is it? Shouldn’t you be sleeping?”“I can’t sleep.” He fell silent for a moment, wondering if he should share his dream. But Song Lan spoke again before Xingchen had the chance to decide.“Bad dreams?”“Yeah…” Xingchen’s fingers fiddled with a frayed cuff as he chewed on his lower lip. “Do you ever have bad dreams?” A long sigh whistled over the line.“Sometimes. I don’t ever remember details when I wake up, just the feelings.”“How do you feel afterwards?”There came a moment of hesitation, as if Song Lan was trying to decide whether to share his thoughts or if it was best to spare Xingchen’s feelings. Xingchen waited quietly, wishing they were back in their old dorm, that Song Lan was next to him and not half a country away.“I feel like I can’t breathe, like my chest is being crushed. I feel like my whole world has collapsed, but I never know why.”Those had been his exact feelings, as if Xingchen had suffered a profound sense of loss. But he couldn’t recall in the dream what it was he had lost. He couldn’t recall enough vivid details to piece the clues together. All he knew upon waking was a sense of loneliness, and the need to hear his Zichen speaking.“Xingchen?”Rubbing at his eyes, Xingchen brushed away any trace of tears, even though no one - especially Song Lan - could see them. “I’m here. Zichen?”“Yes?”“I miss you.” Another sigh sounded in his ear, this one wistful and longing.“I miss you, too.” This time a soft laugh had his heart skipping a beat and a small smile tugging at his lips. “Now go to sleep. You have that calc test coming up, and a match next week.”“Will you be cheering for me?” Xingchen asked, a hint of teasing in his voice.“Idiot. Our schools are rivals.” Song Lan paused for a moment before his amused voice sounded again. “Of course I’ll be cheering for you.”Xingchen laid a hand over his heart. He still wished Song Lan was with him; he wanted to bury his face against the warm skin and feel safe, like nothing could harm him. But all he had was Song Lan’s voice and a worn hoodie to comfort him. It wasn’t much, but it would do for now.“I love you, Zichen.” “I love you too, Xingchen.”Long after the call had ended, Xingchen remained in the hallway, quietly flicking through the photos on his phone. Song Lan’s voice had calmed him, but sleep was still being evasive. Knowing there was little sense in remaining where he was, Xingchen slowly got to his feet. Just as he was about to push in the door, a movement caught his attention. But when he turned to look, the hall was still empty. Without his glasses, his astigmatism made it difficult to see clearly in the darkened hallway. Thinking perhaps his tired mind was playing tricks on him, Xingchen shrugged, pushed open the door, and tried to go back to bed.He didn’t hear the shuffled footstep retreating around the corner as the door shut and the lock clicked into place.* * * * *Hey, Song!Why are you texting me at 3 am, Collum?!Oh, sorry bro.
I forgot about the time difference.
Why are you up anyway?I regret procrastinating this paper.
You better not be texting me about dating advice.
Just ask Adhira out already.Rude!
Do you really think she would say yes?WTF!Sorry sorry!
But, bro, I really do have a reason for texting so early.What’s up?Before I tell you, you gotta promise me something.What?Keep your cool, kay?When do I not keep my cool?Whenever it’s about Xiao.What happened??Nothing happened.
There’s just this weird kid.What do you mean?There’s this freshman - name’s Xue Yang.
He just joined the fencing team.
I don’t know, bro, he gives me weird vibes.
Always popping up out of nowhere, and always where Xiao happens to be.How is Xingchen?He seems fine. 
But the kid is weird.
Thought you should know.Thanks.
Hey, Collum?Yeah?Could you watch out for Xingchen for me?Sure, Song.
Was going to do so anyway.And ask Adhira on a date already!



College Part 2
Chapter Summary
Regarding concerned friends, broken visors, head colds, and lost items.
Chapter Notes
Upping the creepiness in this chapter. Really can't say more than that. 😅



“Hey, Xingchen.”
Glancing up from the notes he was scribbling, Xingchen found Kali McDonald hovering at the end of his table. His friend, classmate, and fellow English major had a smile on her face, but she didn’t appear to be her normal upbeat self. There was a certain unsettling disquiet in her eyes; she kept glancing over her shoulder as if she expected someone to pop out and surprise her. 
“Hi Kali,” Xingchen greeted, smiling in an attempt to put her at ease. He gestured to the seat next to him as he pushed some books aside. Although the library was bustling with students, their corner table was relatively far and allowed for some quiet and privacy.
“Is that the poetry analysis for Andrews’ class?”
Xingchen nodded before removing his glasses and rubbing at his eyes. “Poetry isn’t my preference, but it’s just par for the course I suppose. At least I can understand Yeats.” He shared a look with Kali, the two of them having bonded in their freshman creative writing course over their dislike of poetry. They had been helping to proofread each other’s papers ever since, Xingchen’s eloquent way with words balanced with Kali’s command of grammar.
“How did your tutoring session go?” Xingchen asked. He didn’t miss Kali’s sidelong glance towards the library entrance. “Kali?”
“Xingchen, you know a guy named Xue Yang, yeah?” When she was nervous or agitated, Kali had the habit of picking at the cuff of her sleeves. Her fingers kept pinching her hoodie, stretching the fabric and widening an existing hole.
“He’s on the fencing team. But we’re not well acquainted. We don’t have any classes together, so other than practice I never see him.” Gently, Xingchen laid a hand on her arm to stop her fidgeting. “Is everything okay?”
Kali shook her head, the motion loosening some strands from her French braid. “He came to see me after my tutoring students left. He was asking about you.”
“What did he want to know?”
Kali frowned before she spoke. “He wanted to know if we were seeing each other.”
Xingchen’s face was unreadable but his lips were pressed tightly together. When he spoke, he tried to keep his voice calm. “Why did he ask you that?”
“I asked him the same thing. I said there was nothing between us, that we were just friends.” She paused for a moment, chewing on the inside of her cheek in thought. “It was weird. He had this kind of crazed look in his eyes. It made me nervous.”
“Did he say anything else?”
“Not really. Mumbled something to himself before walking off. I didn’t catch what he said.” 
Kali’s words didn’t surprise Xingchen; just the other day, Adhira had mentioned a similar experience to him, noting in vivid detail the oddity of the encounter. He wasn’t sure what to make of it all. Plenty of people had inquired about his relationship status, and plenty of others had propositioned Xingchen over the course of last year. Perhaps this was another one of those incidences of an embarrassed crush wanting to ask him out.
Kali’s nervousness and Adhira’s anger over their respective confrontations, however, gave him course to think otherwise.
“Xingchen?”
He turned his gaze to Kali, noting the concern in her eyes. 
“It’s probably nothing,” she said, “I’m probably just overthinking things. But…just in case…be careful?”
He was touched by her concern; despite the frightful experience she had just had, Kali was more concerned for his well being. Xingchen offered her a smile, giving her wrist a friendly squeeze.
“I will. Thanks for telling me. Now, if you have a moment to spare…” He pushed a stapled packet towards her, his smile turning sheepish. “I think I might have too many comma splices in my comp paper.”
* * * * *
“Xiao!”
Xingchen turned to find a mop of brown curls waving at him from the other side of the gymnasium. A smile stretched across his face as he broke off from the Notre Dame team to greet the other fencer under the green and white banner for Michigan State.
“Simon! How are you?”
As they shook hands, Simon Davies gave him a toothy grin. Simon was a skilled, hardworking fencer who had, on more than one occasion, been thoroughly defeated when put up against Xingchen. But, unlike Sebastian Churchill, Simon took his defeats in stride. He considered his loses learning opportunities and worked to correct his faults and openings. Ever since their first bout, Simon had frequently emailed Xingchen as they traded in advice and tips.
“I’m doing great!” Simon replied with a nod of his head. “Looking forward to another bout against you. Maybe this time I’ll be able to land a point.”
“You might come out on top this year as I hear you are undefeated.”
“So are you. I would expect no less from the Gentle Breeze.”
Xingchen partially turned away to hide his embarrassment. “Who are you up against in your first round?” Both he and Simon turned to check the boards, following the lines next to their respective names to see who their opponents were.
“Xue Yang?” Simon asked. “He’s new on your team, yeah?”
“Freshman recruit. He’s not bad on the piste.”
“You say that in a funny way considering he’s your teammate.”
Not wanting to speak ill of anyone, particularly someone on his own team, Xingchen simply pressed his lips together. He acknowledged that Xue Yang had skills in fencing, but, ever since the first day of practice, Xingchen’s unease had steadily increased. He hadn’t shared his thoughts with anyone, but he knew Adhira and Collum felt the same as neither had been as quiet in their assessments.
“Oh, I have to get back,” Simon said, interrupting Xingchen’s thoughts. He gave Xingchen a friendly punch to the shoulder before backpedaling. “I’ll see you on the strip, Xiao!”
“Simon’s in good spirits,” Adhira remarked when he returned. 
“Of course he is,” Xingchen replied as the starting whistle sounded and the bouts began. “Simon’s doing really well this year. He’s been working hard to improve.”
Adhira gave him a sideways grin. “You sound like a proud teacher. I know Simon’s been asking you for advice.”
“Is that wrong?”
“Not at all!” She gave Xingchen a good natured nudge with her elbow. “You would make a good fencing coach one day.”
“Maybe…” She wasn’t far off in her statement. Xingchen had given some thought to the prospect of becoming a fencing coach one day. While he had Olympic level aspirations, there was no guarantee he would make the team. He needed a back up plan in case he didn’t qualify. Yaqin had long ago remarked on how well he had aided in Yue’s dance training, that he could make a fine dancer if he wanted. And while Xingchen had entertained the thought and he enjoyed dance, fencing had his heart.
Pushing those thoughts to the side, Xingchen watched with his teammates as first épée matches began with Xue Yang and Simon making their way to the nearest strip while pulling their masks on. Xue Yang’s face was obscured by the mesh mask he had painted in white and black, a mimicry of the Jing operatic role. Simon had opted to trade in the traditional mask for one of the newest models sporting a plastic visor, allowing a clear view of his hazel eyes and freckles.
It was clear after a few minutes that it was an even match, with the two opponents trading in points. Both the Notre Dame team and the Michigan State club sat on opposites sides, quietly observing the duel. 
“Simon’s footwork really has improved,” Collum murmured, his lips barely moving as his eyes remained fixed on the match. He clapped along with the others as a point was awarded to their team. “Xue Yang is faster with the jabs though.”
Turning his attention away for a moment, Xingchen noted the pinched set of Adhira’s face. She looked as if she swallowed something bitter. “What is it?” he asked in a whisper.
“I don’t know,” she admitted. “Just a weird feeling.”
“How do you mean?”
She indicated the match with a tilt of her chin. “It’s almost like…like he’s playing with Simon. A game of cat and mouse.”
Xingchen didn’t disagree with her. There was something inherently sinister about the way Xue Yang moved in the bout, the way he flicked his blade and jabbed at Simon. It reminded him vaguely of Sebastian Churchill but with more cunning and less brute strength, like a viper teasing a mongoose. 
As the match continued, Simon successfully countered an attack with a parry before attempting a counter attack. Before he had a chance to complete his move, Xue Yang deflected his blade and lunged; with a crack that echoed through the gymnasium, the point of his épée pierced the plastic visor of Simon’s mask.
For a split second there was silence before a collective gasp shattered the air. The referee frantically waved her hands to call a halt while the Michigan coaches rushed forward to assess Simon’s condition. Everyone was on their feet, voices raised in alarm and question. 
As Xingchen watched, frozen at the sidelines, Simon pulled off his mask. He was breathing hard, his face pale and his hands visibly trembling even from a distance, but he looked to be fine otherwise. He caught Xingchen’s gaze and slowly nodded his head to indicate that he was all right. Although Xue Yang’s blade had jabbed straight through his mask, it had missed his face by mere millimeters. Xingchen could feel the tension leave him in a rush of relief.
“He’s fine,” he said, loud enough for Adhira and Collum to hear. They collapsed against each other and let out loud sighs of relief. Xingchen didn’t hear a word as they began speaking hurriedly, something about checking in with Simon. His attention was entirely focused on Xue Yang, who stood off to the side alone, calmly watching the chaos around him die down. His posture was relaxed, his mask stuffed under one arm as he fidgeted with his épée, tapping the blade against his leg in an almost impatient manner. From the distance it wasn’t easy to discern, but Xingchen thought he caught a wayward smirk before it disappeared.
Once it was determined that Simon was physically fine but unable to continue without an intact mask, victory was granted to Xue Yang and Notre Dame. No one seemed pleased with the outcome, however, as the mood had sobered significantly.
“Did you do it on purpose?” Xingchen murmured as Xue Yang brushed past him. He spoke in a hushed tone, only loud enough for the other to hear him. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Xue Yang turn towards him.
“Of course not!” he replied, an expression of disbelief and regret on his face. “It was an accident, I swear. I didn’t mean to pierce his mask.” His expression morphed into a sly smile a second later. “Still, it’s a win for us.”
“Winning isn’t the most important thing.” There was a measure of ice in his voice as he spoke. He heard the quiet derisive snort behind him but Xingchen didn’t turn as he made his way towards the Michigan team to check on his friend.
* * * * *
Hey Xiaoli.How’s Harvard treating you?
Ugh!Almost everyone here is trying to kiss up to me.
Still?
Mostly the freshmen.They hear the name Lan and then they become fawning fangirls.It’s so annoying.Whatever.How’s ND?
Not bad.Sometimes, though, I miss the academy.
We had some good times, didn’t we?
We certainly did.
I hear your last match had an incident.
Yeah…A fencer had his mask pierced.
Ouch.Is he okay?
He’s fine.But…
But what?
You ever meet someone and get an odd feeling about them?They are polite to you, but you still feel weirded out?
Yeah, sometimes.They always turn out to be assholes.
That’s what I was afraid of.
You really okay over there, Xingchen?
I don’t know.I hope so.
Look, I may not be big and strong like Song Lan.But you know I can throw down when I have to.Just say the word and I’ll come over and knock some heads.
You’re the best, Xiaoli.
* * * * *
When was the last time he had fallen ill? There was the one time, at the end of their third year of middle school, when Xingchen had been so caught up studying for exams. He had stressed himself to the point of running a low grade fever for almost a week. He would have kept on going if Song Lan hadn’t forced him to sleep for an entire weekend after he almost passed out on the strip in the middle of practice.
Xingchen had taken better care of himself since then, and would have continued to be in good health except one of his history classmates had made the poor choice to take the midterm with a bad cold. It had spread through the class like wildfire, even knocking out Professor Simmons who was notorious for never cancelling a class unless the circumstances were dire. 
At David’s insistence - with a threat to call Song Lan if necessary - Xingchen had spent most of the day in bed, falling in and out of consciousness. He remembered hearing David telling him to get some rest before leaving for his classes, the distinct sound of the door shutting. Xingchen had tried to get through the rest of his Chaucer reading, but gave up the moment the words kept reading like gibberish. After that, he knew nothing but a fevered sleep.
Something cool touched his face, pressing against his forehead. Xingchen sighed quietly at the touch, the coolness alleviating some of the fever. The touch moved to his cheek, pressing there for a moment with gentleness. A soft hum sounded nearby, like a lullaby, as warm fingers brushed through his sweat soaked hair.
Was this just a dream? Xingchen wanted to open his eyes, wanted to see who was there, but he was still half in unconsciousness, his mind refusing to allow him to awaken just yet. He shifted uneasily, trying to draw himself back to the waking world. Gentle hands covered his, arresting his movements and tucking the sheets around him. Another touch to his face, a palm cradling his cheek as a cool breath tickled his face. Only one person was ever that gentle with him, but it couldn’t have been.
But maybe…?
“Zichen?” he called, brow furrowing as Xingchen continued to fight with his subconscious.
The touch disappeared instantly. There was the sound of shuffling feet followed by the heavy thud of a closing door. Moments later, when Xingchen finally managed to open his eyes, he found himself in an empty room. 

Just a dream after all…

He retrieved his phone, flicking it on. He tapped out a quick message, smiling at the almost instant reply before sleep claimed him again.
When next Xingchen woke, David was standing in the middle of the room, a puzzled expression on his face. 
“You’re back,” Xingchen said as he slowly pushed himself up. With his parched throat, his voice came out in a croak; he coughed to clear it before accepting the food container David handed to him.
“Brought you some soup from the dining hall.” Sitting on his bed, David watched his roommate sip the soup for a moment. “Hey, Xingchen?”
“Yeah?” 
“You didn’t happen to open the door while I was out, did you?”
Xingchen shook his head. “No, why?”
“Huh…maybe I remembered wrong.” He shrugged but the puzzled expression never really left his face. “If you’re feeling up to it, Zi asked if you would text him.” As Xingchen nodded and reached for his phone, David gathered up his belongings to head to the showers. Casting one last look around, he made sure to lock the door properly before heading down the hall.
* * * * *
I dreamed about you.
As you should.Kidding.Are you feeling any better?
A bit.I hate being sick.
I know, love.I wish I was there to look after you.
Then you would get sick.
You underestimate my immune system.I have managed to dodge food poisoning and the flu so far.
Now you’ve jinxed yourself.
I can tell you are feeling better already.
Would still prefer it if you were here.
Me too.
* * * * *
It was a sight David had not expected to see when he got back to his room after Saturday football practice. In fact, it was a sight he hadn’t expected to see ever.
Even before he opened he door, David knew something was wrong; he could hear the scrambling, the frantic opening and closing of drawers from the other side. Once he entered, it looked as if a tornado had hit half of the room. His side was its usual mess, but Xingchen’s side - normally pristine - was pure chaos. Desk and dresser drawers gaped open with clothes scattered all over the floor and bed. There were papers everywhere, the usually neat and organized stacks in complete disarray.
Xingchen himself looked less than his usual composed self. He had a frantic look in his eyes as he worried at his lower lip with his teeth. Strands of loose hair were coming undone from a messy bun, tangling about his face. Something about that seemed off to David…
“Xingchen, where’s your hairpin?”
At his words, Xingchen froze, his whole body going rigid. Ever so slowly he turned, fixing David with a tearful, broken expression.
“I don’t know,” he admitted, his voice cracking on the last word. He broke down then, sinking onto his bed as the tears fell. 
David had known Xingchen for almost a decade and never once saw him lose his composure. Tossing his gear to the side, he sat next to Xingchen and wrapped a comforting arm around his shoulders. His roommate started to babble, talking without pause as his voice grew higher pitched with his hysterics.
“I was sure I had it when I left the room this morning. I remember taking it out and putting it into my bag before practice. I’m sure that’s what I did, I do it all the time…but I didn’t check after I got out. I had to get to the studio and call Yaqin - she was waiting for me. I only noticed halfway back here.”
“Did you retrace your steps?” David asked.
“Yes! I didn’t find anything. Then I thought maybe I left it here, maybe I remembered wrong and I didn’t take it with me. But now…I’ve searched everywhere and I can’t find it.” There was a hitch in his voice as Xingchen squeezed his eyes shut. “I don’t know where it is or what to do.” He chewed on his lip, almost to the point of drawing blood. There was a frightened tone to his voice when he spoke again. “I don’t know what to tell him.”
Tightening his hold, David let him cry for a few moments. “Zi will understand. He won’t blame you.”
“But I do! I shouldn’t have been so careless. I…”
A knock on the door interrupted him. David rose to answer the door as Xingchen tried to gather himself. He frowned at the sight of Xue Yang on the other side of the threshold, a deceptively friendly smile on his face.
“Is Xingchen in?” he asked, his voice sounding pleasant and amicable but there was an unmistakable challenge in his eyes. He made an attempt to peer inside but David’s considerable bulk blocked the way.
“He is,” David replied coldly, “but he’s indisposed.”
“It’s fine.”
Glancing over his shoulder, David was surprised to find Xingchen somewhat composed. His eyes and cheeks were red, but he otherwise looked calm.
“What is it?” he asked, rising to his feet and stepping closer.
Upon catching sight of him, Xue Yang held out his hand, a charming smile on his face.
“I found this on the floor of the locker room. It looks like the one you always wear.”
Both David and Xingchen gasped at the sight of the familiar hairpin cradled in Xue Yang’s palm. With a trembling hand, Xingchen took it; he held it in his hand like the precious thing it was, a fingertip lightly caressing the jade blossom. He didn’t try to stop the tears that flowed again, the relief evident in his expression.
“It’s something special, isn’t it?” Xue Yang asked with a curious look. 
A buzzing sounded before Xingchen had the chance to speak, the sound reverberating through the room. From beneath a pile of scattered papers, his phone vibrated. He inhaled sharply after retrieving it and seeing the name flashing on the screen.
“It’s Zi, isn’t it?” David asked. At Xingchen’s nod, he turned and pushed Xue Yang out of the room. His gesture was less than friendly and brokered no argument. “Sorry, kid. This is now a private moment.”
“And yet, you’re still here,” Xue Yang replied with a sneer.
“My room. And that’s my brother calling. So, bye.” Without a backwards glance, he shut the door with a resounding clap. Acting as a living barricade, David leaned heavily on the door and listened to the retreating footsteps.
David listened with half an ear while Xingchen spoke to Song Lan, relaying the details of the recent ordeal. They had never been able to hide anything from each other, which David thought made their relationship exceptionally strong. There was clear relief on Xingchen’s face, the beginnings of his smile returning as he listened to whatever words of reassurance Song Lan said. 
Ever since he had met him, David had an unsettled feeling about Xue Yang. David had often seen the way he had looked at Xingchen, a look of wanting and possession. He knew others saw it too; he knew Xingchen sensed it but perhaps didn’t know the full extent of it. Around Xingchen, Xue Yang always appeared pleasant and likable, but he made no effort to hide his contempt and disgust towards everyone else - especially those Xingchen was close to. David was almost certain that Xingchen hadn’t lost his hairpin, that is had all been Xue Yang’s doing. But he didn’t know how, and he had no proof.
David had the feeling that something was about to happen - perhaps soon. He needed to be prepared, and make sure his brother was as well.
* * * * *
Tell me he’s okay, David.
He’s fine.Just fell asleep.
He didn’t lose it, did he?Xingchen doesn’t lose anything.
I don’t think he did.
Then what do you think?
Zi…
Don’t spare me, David.It was Xue Yang, wasn’t it?Collum has told me some things.
I don’t like him, Zi.I’m almost positive he stole the hairpin.He’s a conniving, deceitful little fucker.Always nice and sweet around Xingchen.Hates everyone else.
Does…
I think he knows.Hasn’t said anything, but he knows.
His aunt is going away for a month next week.As soon as exams are over, I’m coming.We’ll go back to Beacon together.
I’ll keep watch until then, Zi.Xingchen’s family.Nobody messes with our family.



College Part 3
Chapter Summary
Regarding near misses, surprise visits, revenge, and confrontations.
Chapter Notes
It's the end of the college year(s), which means the creepiness level goes up again. After this, though, the last two chapters are sickeningly sweet and happy. 😉
Watch for the surprise bit at the end. ☺️



“Xiao-Xing-chen!”
The voice that spoke was lighthearted, the tone teasing as his full name was pronounced in a sing-song manner. Shutting his locker with a clang, Xingchen turned, not at all surprised to find Xue Yang leaning on the locker room wall nearby. He was surprised, however, to find that they were alone.
An uneasy chill crept down his spine.
“Have any plans this weekend?” Xue Yang asked as a way of making conversation. He had a, overly cheerful smile on his face as he fiddled with the strap of his gear bag.
“I have a psych exam on Monday,” Xingchen replied. “I’ll be studying for it.” He hefted his own bag onto his shoulder and slipped on his glasses before making his way towards the doors. There was the sound of shuffling before Xue Yang fell into step beside him.
“All weekend?” Xue Yang scoffed at Xingchen’s nod. “You work too hard. Fencing, dancing, studying. You even spent all yesterday afternoon in the studio learning a new routine. Learn to live a little.”
Xingchen’s footsteps faltered as he froze. His eyes narrowed slightly as Xue Yang turned to him after realizing he had stopped walking.
“How did you know I was in the studio yesterday?” Nobody knew; he hadn’t told anybody until he met David on his way back. Yaqin had messaged him unexpectedly with a request and a video. As soon as he had gotten out of class, Xingchen had headed towards the studio and luckily found a space available.
“I was passing by and saw you in one of the rooms.”
Xue Yang spoke so convincingly that it was difficult to doubt his words, but Xingchen did. He had no proof to the contrary as many of the studio spaces had either glass walls or large windows in the doors. Anybody could have walked by and seen him practicing. But then there was still the question of…
“What were you doing near the dance studios?”
“Xiao Xingchen, are you being suspicious of me?” Xue Yang made a disapproving sound in his throat. “You have to pass the dance studios to get to the weight room. I wanted to get in a couple of sets before the dinner rush.” He offered a small, innocent smile but Xingchen remained skeptical. Xue Yang was being evasive, always with a convenient answer at the ready. Xingchen didn’t feel like getting into a verbal debate so continued on his way.
“At least consider taking a study break,” Xue Yang pressed on. “It might do you some good. You could join me for some coffee when you’re free?”
Xingchen made a small noise that neither confirmed or denied the request. He could feel the tension building in his body as they drew closer to the exit. The practice hall had been eerily quiet during their exchange. Only a few more steps… 
Just as his hand reached for the door, there came a touch to his arm. Before he had the chance to speak, Xingchen felt himself pressed back against the wall, Xue Yang’s grip on his upper arm tight. He blinked in momentary shock, the realization of what was happening hitting hard as Xue Yang leaned in closer.
“Stop.”
The gentle tone Xingchen normally spoke with had been replaced with something more forceful, commanding. Even though Xue Yang was only inches from his face, he stared him dead in the eyes, his gaze unwavering.
“What’s the harm in one innocent kiss?” Xue Yang asked teasingly, the corner of his lips lifting in a smirk.
“Don’t,” Xingchen said as he wedged his forearm between them and pushed. There was a flash of something in Xue Yang’s eyes, but it was gone before Xingchen could identify it. A sudden need to get out, to get as far away as possible overtook him as he turned once again to the doors.
“I guess the rumors you’re with someone are true.” The voice that spoke was cold, displeased, and razor sharp. Xingchen barely spared a glance over his shoulder as he spoke.
“Rumors or not, I don’t like to be forced into anything.” With those words he left, the door banging shut behind him as he hurried away, leaving Xue Yang standing alone in the practice hall.
* * * * *
Hey, Song Lan?Song Lan??SONG LAN?!
WHAT?!I have this thing called class, Adhira!
But this is important!I just saw that asshole with Xingchen!
….give me a minute.
What are you doing?!
I told you, I have class.
Get out of it!
I just did.Now tell me.
I forgot something in my locker and went back to the practice hall.I saw that fucker Xue Yang push Xingchen against a wall.He tried to kiss him!
What did Xingchen do?
Pushed him off, said some things, and left.I didn’t hear what he said but he looked upset.But, Song Lan, it got weird after that.
What do you mean?
That asshole looked like he was about to murder someone.Did you hear about what happened at the match with Michigan?
Yeah, someone got their visor broken.
Xue Yang is the one who did it.The judges said it was an accident.
But you don’t think so.
Neither does Collum.I don’t think Xingchen thinks it was an accident either.This asshole weirds me out.
David and Collum said the same thing.
I’m worried, Song Lan.I’m worried about Xingchen.I’m afraid of what Xue Yang will do now that he’s been rejected.
…..
Hey, Song Lan?What are you doing?
Buying plane tickets.
* * * * *
“Any plans this weekend?”
A collective groan sounded. Asking about weekend plans wasn’t typically groan worthy, but that particular weekend happened to be Valentine’s weekend, and it was perhaps the seventh time in as many days Steven had asked. As usual, he had waited until the last minute to make plans with his girlfriend and was not-so-subtly trying to find out what everyone else was doing to get ideas.
“Steven, man, you need to plan ahead,” Collum replied as the group of fencers headed towards the dining hall. It was late Friday afternoon, nearly time for the start of the dinner crowd, and they had all spent the majority of the afternoon preparing for a match against Purdue. All most of them wanted was food or sleep - or both - not to discuss romance.
“Well, what are you and Adhira doing then?” Steven retorted. Adhira merely shrugged as Collum draped an arm around her shoulders.
“We only recently got together,” she said. “And I’ve got a Statistics test on Monday. It will probably just be pizza and chilling with a movie when we get the chance.”
“No big grand gestures needed,” Collum added with a smirk before kissing her cheek and eliciting a giggle. 
Not satisfied with their answer, Steven turned his attention to the petite woman next to him. “What about you, Alexa?”
“Gillian’s making dinner tomorrow,” Alexa replied. Her multiple cartilage piercings glimmered in the afternoon light as she swept a fall of dark curls over her shoulder. “After that, we might head to South Bend for a night out. Or we might just stay in. Who knows?”
“That’s it?” Steven looked defeated at her nod. “Doesn’t anybody have any grand romantic gestures? What about you, Xiao?”
Xingchen turned to regard Steven over his shoulder, a look of confusion on his face. He didn’t seem to notice as Xue Yang, silently bringing up the rear, turned an attentive ear in his direction. “What about me?” Xingchen asked.
“Don’t you have plans for Valentine’s?”
“It’s never been something I put much stock into. A single day to show how much you love and appreciate someone? Why not show your affection every day? And no, I don’t have any plans.”
“What are you all going on about?”
The six fencers turned to find David and Jared heading their way from the direction of the football field. Both defensive linemen were freshly showered and seemed equally as keen to make for the dining hall.
“Valentine’s plans,” Steven said, suddenly looking less deflated at their approach. “Got any?”
“Ha! Seriously?” David asked. “We’re both single, remember? And I’m just fine that way.”
“I’m not,” Jared grumbled, casting a sidelong look at Xingchen and missing both David’s eye roll and Xue Yang’s scowl.
“Steven, give up already,” Alexa said with a sigh. “Just go the traditional route and get Taylor a large bouquet of flowers and some chocolates.”
“But that’s so boring!” Steven made a dramatic act of clutching his chest and looking offended. “Where’s the romance? Where’s the surprise? Valentine’s should be about catching your love unawares, surprising them when they least expect it. It should be…”
“Xingchen.”
He inhaled sharply at the sound of his name said in that voice - a voice he only heard over the phone most days. Xingchen hadn’t expected to see Song Lan until the summer, but there he was. He stood on the pathway with a cocky smile on his face and a duffle over his shoulder. Kali stood next to him, her face half hidden by a gloved hand but her smile still obvious.
“Zichen…” He was moving before he realized it, his feet carrying him closer until Xingchen was enveloped in strong arms. Burying his face in Song Lan’s shoulder, he inhaled the scent of cold pine. “You’re here.”
“I am,” Song Lan whispered into his hair as he held him tightly.
“Who is that?” Steven murmured, turning to Adhira as the group watched the reunion.
“That would be Song Lan.”
“Song Lan? The Cold Frost? The undefeated saber fencer of Stanford? THAT Song Lan?” A wide eyed expression of wonder came over Steven and Alexa at Adhira’s nod while Jared turned to David with a confused expression.
“Isn’t Song Lan your brother?”
“Yep, that’s him,” David replied with a gesture. He made another in Xingchen’s direction. “Also, his fiancé.” He smirked as Jared’s face flushed with color.
“Why didn’t you tell me that before I embarrassed myself all those times?!”
“Because I told you already, it was none of your business!”
“Kali,” Song Lan said as he released his hold on Xingchen and turned to the woman beside him, “thanks for guiding me here.”
“Not a problem!” She gave them both a bright smile. “Glad I could be of help. I hope you two enjoy the weekend.”
Song Lan turned to David as the brothers shared a look and a fist bump. As David and Kali steered the group towards the dining hall, their voices loud with questions and laughter, Song Lan took Xingchen’s hand and headed in the direction of the dorms. No one seemed to notice as Xue Yang hung back, forgotten in the commotion. His face was devoid of expression but his lips were white and there was a cold fury in his eyes as he watched the pair of lovers walk into the distance.
* * * * *
It had been their arrangement when they started college to not visit one another during the academic semesters. They had their breaks and holidays to spend time together, but the rest of the academic year was to be devoted to their studies and extracurriculars. There was the distance to consider, not to mention the need to maintain good academic standing for their scholarships. While Song Lan and Xingchen texted and talked almost every day, it hadn’t been the same as when they were rooming at Lan Academy.
While he had other reasons for making the flight from Stanford to Notre Dame, Song Lan really did miss Xingchen. They had spent the winter holidays together not more than a month ago, but he still missed him terribly. He relished the feel of Xingchen pressed against his side, warm skin sliding against his as they crammed together onto the small dorm bed. He let his fingers trail down the skin of Xingchen’s back, the touch light and teasing. A soft sigh tickled his cheek, the brush of lips against his neck sending an involuntary shiver down Song Lan’s spine.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Xingchen murmured quietly into his ear. 
“Me too,” Song Lan replied before pressing a kiss to his brow.
“Still, I thought we had an agreement.”
“We did. We do.”
Xingchen shifted just enough to look Song Lan in the eyes as he rested his chin on his chest. “What changed?”
“I’m worried.” Reaching forward, Song Lan brushed a stray strand of dark hair from Xingchen’s face. He let his fingers linger a moment, trailing along Xingchen’s jaw. 
“I’m fine,” Xingchen insisted.
“I know you are. But, it’s not you I’m concerned about.”
He gave Song Lan a knowing nod before reaching for his hand and interlacing their fingers. “Who told you?”
“The usual suspects. They’re worried too.” Song Lan’s hand slid up to rest on the nape of his neck, lightly massaging the skin. “I saw him today. I see why they are concerned.”
Xingchen didn’t reply as he dropped his chin, pressing his ear to Song Lan’s heart and listening to that steady rhythm. He closed his eyes, focusing on that heartbeat, the touches to his skin, and Song Lan’s voice.
“I don’t trust him. He looks as if he’s planning something. I know you can take care of yourself, Xingchen. But watch yourself around him.”
“I will,” Xingchen promised. There was a small smile on his lips when he lifted his chin. “How long are you staying?”
“I have an early flight on Sunday. I’ll make it back in time for afternoon practice.” Song Lan leaned in, capturing Xingchen’s lips in a lingering kiss. “Tonight and tomorrow, I’m all yours.” He felt rather than saw the smile before Xingchen pressed in close for another kiss.
Their moment was interrupted by a knock on the door followed by David’s amused voice.
“If you two aren’t done yet, I can just sit out here and eat this pizza all by myself.”
Song Lan stole another kiss before throwing his shoe at the door and earning booming laughter in response.
* * * * *
The practice salle was quiet despite the entirety of the fencing team being present. Each member was scattered about the space, quietly seated or standing, some nervously fidgeting with their equipment. Now and again, someone would flinch as Coach Charles’ deep voice boomed from behind his closed office door. His words were, for the most part, unintelligible to their ears but there was no mistaking the anger in his tone. The only person missing from the group was Xue Yang, who was currently receiving the brunt of the angry tirade.
“Coach sounds pissed,” Steven mumbled, his voice low but still somehow carrying in the silent salle.
“Don’t blame him,” Collum replied. “That was a nasty move Xue Yang made. No one can make the argument that his corps-á-corps wasn’t intentional. Chang may never be able to use his hand correctly again.”
The salle went silent again as they all recalled the recent match against the Detroit Mercy team. It was the last point, an even match between Xue Yang and Chang Ping; it was anybody’s guess who would come out with the victory. In a move that nobody had anticipated, Xue Yang had executed a feint before smashing his bell guard into Chang Ping’s hand. The maneuver broke three of Chang Ping’s fingers, damaged a tendon in his wrist, and dented Xue Yang’s bell guard. It had cost Notre Dame the win, but nobody was concerned about that.
“I heard his grades have been slipping again,” Alexa said. She winced at another of Coach Charles’ shouts. “He got put on academic probation last semester and it hasn’t gotten better. He’s about to lose his scholarship status.”
“It sounds like Coach Charles is about to kick him off the team,” Steven commented. “He won’t be able to stay if he loses both his position and scholarship. With the Black Card from the match, Xue Yang won’t be able to stay in competition either.”
Throughout the exchange, Xingchen sat quietly with his back pressed to the wall. He knew the moment the Black Card had been issued, that was the end of Xue Yang’s competition days. Everyone in the fencing world would know of it shortly; no matter how much time passed, no one would forget it. What he didn’t know was why. 
It was no secret to anyone, least of all Xingchen, that Xue Yang had unconventional methods. Xingchen had spent all his fencing years crossing blades with people who executed barely legal moves in an effort to win. There was something, however, about the bout against Chang Ping that gave Xingchen pause. That bout had been personal. Xue Yang hadn’t moved like a fencer trying to win his match; he moved like someone trying to exact revenge. 
The door to Coach Charles’ office banged open, causing half the team to jump. There was a simmering, cold fury on Xue Yang’s face as he stomped out. His eyes cut a fiery glare as he sped through the salle and towards the exit.
“Good riddance, I guess,” Adhira muttered as the sound of the heavy glass doors banging shut could be heard. The sound seemed to break the tension as the entirety of the team let out a collective sigh of relief and began their practice.
Only Xingchen seemed dissatisfied. Quietly, he got to his feet and followed after Xue Yang. He had only just stepped outside the building when he heard the shuffle of feet to his left.
“Worried about me?” Xue Yang asked with sideways smirk. He was leaning against the building, a distinct air of arrogance in his posture. “I’m touched. I didn’t think you cared.”
“Why did you do it?” Xingchen asked curtly. He wasn’t in the mood for games, certainly not with anyone who appeared to find pleasure in other people’s misery.
“Do what?”
“Don’t pretend you don’t know. What you did to Chang Ping was no accident.”
Xue Yang snorted as he pushed off the building and stepped towards Xingchen. Although a few inches shorter in height, Xue Yang made up the difference with his swagger. “It was payback.”
“For what?” For a moment, a reminiscing look came over Xue Yang’s face. It quickly turned into a scowl as he spoke, his voice dripping with contempt.
“We were kids at the same school. I was constantly being teased for being a foster kid. One day, Chang Ping said he wanted to be my friend, and for a while he was. But then, on a fucking dare, we tried to steal some candy from a convenience store. He left me behind, left me to get caught and take all the blame.” He held up his left hand, fingers splayed to show the crooked and twisted pinky finger. “My foster father at the time was furious. He beat me, smashed my hand in a door so hard my fingers broke in multiple places; they never healed right. I swore then if I ever saw Chang Ping again, he’d get the same beating I got.” A sinister smile twisted his features and sent a cold shiver down Xingchen’s spine.
“All this was for revenge?” Xingchen was in disbelief. It all seemed surreal, that someone would go so far for so little. “Even if you wanted payback, why do it at a bout? He didn’t seem to remember you. You could have confronted him after the match, beaten him in a back alley. Why break his hand on the strip and get kicked out of fencing?”
“Why not? Why not do it in front of everyone, let them all see his pain, and shatter his dreams at the same time? Isn’t that what revenge is all about?”
It was all too much for Xingchen. With a disappointed shake of his head, he turned to head back inside. He felt a sharp pain in his wrist as Xue Yang grabbed hold of him, his hand vice-like. The eyes that bore into Xingchen were crazed, pupils wide with hysterics.
“I told you before, I don’t like to be forced.”
Xue Yang ignored his words, his hand squeezing tighter as he held onto Xingchen. His words were a harsh whisper between them. “You of all people know what it’s like to be abandoned, to feel unwanted in the world by your parents. You should understand how I feel.” 
His face was mere inches from Xingchen’s, much like the time he nearly kissed him. There was a hungry look in his dark eyes that sent a thrill of fear through Xingchen. Taking a step back, he gasped in surprise as he hit the wall at the same time Xue Yang stepped forward and entered his space. One arm was wedged behind him, the other in Xue Yang’s grasp; the grip on Xingchen’s wrist was tight enough now to cause the bones to grind together, a pained wince crossing his face.
“Let go,” he said, voice icy despite the stab of fear in his chest.
“Why can’t you see that we are the same?” Xue Yang whispered, a hint of seduction in his voice. “You and me, we are the same.”
“No, we aren’t. Now, for the last time, let go of me.” He shoved hard against the wall but Xue Yang barely budged. With both arms pinned and no leverage to work with, Xingchen was trapped. Just as a feeling of helplessness began to seep into his heart, a shout sounded; a moment later, Xue Yang was bodily pried off of him. Xingchen found himself flanked by Coach Charles and Collum while two campus security guards restrained Xue Yang.
“Get him off campus and away from my fencers,” Coach Charles growled. He didn’t spare another look at Xue Yang as he was hauled away. “You okay, Xiao?”
Rubbing the circulation back into his bruised wrist, Xingchen merely nodded. He felt Collum lay a hand on his shoulder, squeezing in a reassuring manner.
“It’s over now,” he said, relief evident in his voice. Xingchen didn’t think it was over, not just yet, but he said nothing.
* * * * *
With a slam, Sam shut the trunk on the last of the boxes and bags. “Is that it?” he asked while dusting off his hands. 
“That’s it,” David replied as Song Lan tossed a bag into the backseat of the van. “We just have to wait for Xingchen to return our keys.” He let out a squawk of indignation as Sam bodily pulled him into a hug. This was followed by a soft ‘oomph’ as Sam pulled Song Lan into a headlock and ruffled his hair.
“My little brothers just finished another year of college. I’m so proud!” Sam’s booming laughter echoed through the grounds, drawing smiles from everyone who heard it. Although he was a massive giant physically, he had a kind smile and a soft heart; he had just completed his year of student teaching and already his kindergarteners loved him.
“Get off!” Song Lan shoved at Sam playfully but there was a grin on his face. It was good to be back with his family, back with the love of his life. It would take two days to drive back to Beacon, but Song Lan didn’t mind it with the company he had.
The sun was warm on his face as Song Lan leaned back on the van to wait for Xingchen, listening to Sam and David banter. They were going back to Cloud Recesses as camp counselors again, at Lan Qiren’s insistence. Song Lan was thinking about what mischief the kids would get up to when he sensed David stiffen next to him.
“Not that fucker again,” his brother cursed. Following David’s line of sight, Song Lan’s eyes narrowed when he caught sight of Xue Yang’s swaggering form. There was the distinct sound of knuckles popping as his hands fisted.
“I thought he was expelled and banned from the campus,” Song Lan muttered. 
“He was, but leave it to the asshole to sneak on site without anyone noticing.” 
Reaching over, David laid a hand on Song Lan’s shoulder, partially in silent support and partially to hold his brother back. Sam stood on his other side, large arms crossed over his chest and glaring daggers. The three of them stood together and watched as Xue Yang approached slowly, with a smirk on his face and oblivious to the tension.
“What do you want?” Song Lan hissed. He visibly flinched at the ‘tsk’ Xue Yang let out.
“I just came to say good-bye to a friend,” he replied in an overly friendly tone. “Is that against the law now?”
“Friends? Is that what you think?”
“Hm…I would have preferred something a little more…intimate.” His smile was predatory, his voice laced with a hunger that sent a cold chill running through Song Lan’s veins. If it wasn’t for both David and Sam holding him back, he would have tackled the fucker to the ground.
“Stay away from Xingchen,” Song Lan ground out through clenched teeth.
Xue Yang’s derisive laughter echoed through the suddenly still air; everyone seemed to have ceased what they were doing to observe the exchange. “Or what? What if he wants to see me?”
“I assure you he doesn’t.”
“And who are you to dictate what he wants? Just because you are his fiancé…” Xue Yang seemed to choke on the word. “…you think you know him best. What gives you the right to lay claim to him?”
“Absolutely none.”
Those two words seemed to have brought Xue Yang up short. He blinked in confusion for a moment before his eyes narrowed. “What?”
Song Lan shrugged out of his brothers’ hold before pulling himself up to his full height. “Nobody lays claim to Xingchen. He isn’t a thing. He is his own person. He makes his own choices. Only he gets to choose who he wants to be with.”
“And you think that’s you?” Xue Yang’s voice was taking on a hysterical tone, a wild gleam in his eyes. “You think just because you got to fuck him first, that he’s yours. You…” Before he could utter another word, a fist connected solidly with his jaw with enough force to rattle his teeth and knock Xue Yang to the ground. He picked himself up enough to find Xingchen standing over him, the knuckles of his hand bruised and a devastating rage on his face.
“Don’t you dare say anything like that about Zichen.” Xingchen’s words came out low and steady and laced with a simmering anger. “Don’t you dare even think he would do something so base and crass.” With long strides, he stepped over to Song Lan’s side and took his hand. “And he’s right, I don’t want to see you. We were never even friends. I don’t want to associate with someone who believes that the world owes him for every little slight and injustice he’s had to endure. I don’t want to know a person who feels the need to avenge past actions that were consequences of his own choices.”
Without a backwards glance, Xingchen turned away as a small contingent of campus security and city police arrived. He kept his back straight, head high, and eyes focused forward, pointedly ignoring the argument and ensuing scuffle as Xue Yang was, for the second time in as many months, escorted off campus - this time with metal bracelets and charges of trespassing.
At the soft touch to his cheek, Xingchen sighed and offered Song Lan a smile. “Now, it’s over,” he said.
“Are you all right?”
“Yes.” He pressed his lips against Song Lan’s for a moment before whispering. “I made my choice, a long time ago.” He felt himself being folded into an embrace as Xingchen allowed himself to be held close, tightly.
“I love you.”
Xingchen smiled before pulling back far enough to look the man he loved in the eyes. “I love you too. Now, let’s go home."



Olympics
Chapter Summary
Regarding waiting, family, competition, and more family.
Chapter Notes
Some events are loosely based on the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics, but most details are fudged for the sake of the story.
You get to meet some of Xiao Xingchen's siblings in this chapter (not all of them because oh my god no); some of them will reappear/be mentioned in the Where We Come Alive series of ficlets.



His face twisted in discomfort, a slight hiss sounding from between his teeth, as Xingchen’s hands kneaded the tightness in his shoulder. 
“That bad?” Xingchen asked, his voice full of concern.
“I’ll be fine,” Song Lan replied, “after a couple of days of rest. I think I’ve been working myself too hard.” He reached around, taking hold of Xingchen’s hand before leaning back. Song Lan allowed himself to relax fully in the circle of Xingchen’s arms, closing his eyes as he released a sigh. He relished the feel of fingers brushing through his hair, a soft kiss pressed to his temple.
“This is new,” Xingchen murmured in the quiet stillness of the apartment. 
“What?”
“The two of us. Alone.”
Song Lan made an inelegant snort. “When was the last time we were ever truly alone?”
“The academy.”
“Now that’s just sad.” He smiled as Xingchen’s laughter vibrated against his back. “Best not to get used to it. Collum and Adhira will be back soon.”
After college, the four fencers had dived headfirst into training, readying themselves for every competition and world championship they could in order to rank high enough to qualify for a spot on the Olympic team. Sponsorships were easy to come by since they each had garnered renown during their years in the sport. After some discussion, they had decided to settle in Nashville, living and training together while providing each other moral support. 
For two couples, however, it meant little time spent with one another that didn’t revolve around training, traveling, and competition. With the qualifying games finished and the Olympics only a couple of months away, they had finally been granted a reprieve from their grueling schedules. While Collum and Adhira had opted to go out on a proper date, Song Lan and Xingchen had decided a night in was best. But it was difficult to fully relax as they awaited the announcement of who had earned a spot on the Olympic team.
“When do you think we’ll know?” Xingchen asked.
“Soon. They’ll have to make the announcement nationally, but we’ll know before that.” Song Lan twisted enough to gaze up at Xingchen, a knowing smile on his face. “I don’t know why you’re concerned though. You’ve ranked in the top at every qualifier you’ve been to.”
“That’s no guarantee.”
“Still so damn modest.” Song Lan used his hold on Xingchen’s hand to pull him into a kiss. “You’ll qualify easily. And then you’ll make it to the games and stand on that podium in front of the whole world.”
“You always have so much confidence in me,” Xingchen murmured, a soft flush staining his cheeks.
This time, Song Lan turned completely until they were face-to-face. His hands gently cradled Xingchen’s face, palms pressed against those warm flushed cheeks. “I always have, and I always will. You never give yourself enough credit so somebody has to.” Song Lan pressed a kiss to Xingchen’s temple, another to his cheek; just as he leaned in to claim those lips again, the buzzing trill of his phone sounded. A moment later, Xingchen’s phone vibrated from across the room.
The pair of them shared a nervous look before disentangling. Retrieving their phones, they stepped to opposite sides of the room to answer. Song Lan listened quietly to the voice that spoke in his ear, only making small, monosyllabic answers in a low, steady voice. He ended the call before turning back to face Xingchen, his face expressionless. 
For a long drawn out moment, they did nothing but stare at each other before their faces split into identical happy grins. In long strides, Song Lan crossed the room and folded Xingchen into his arms, hugging tight.
“We did it,” he said before pressing a kiss to Xingchen’s hair. “We’re going.” Xingchen’s only response was to claim a long, lingering kiss - one that was interrupted by the sounds of thundering footsteps, a door slamming open, and Adhira shouting at them in happiness.
After all the years, after all the work and pain, they had all made it. The rest of the night was spent in a whirlwind of calls to their families and close friends and making preparations for their departure. In the morning it would be back to training with renewed vigor and hope in their hearts.
* * * * *
No matter how many times he visited Beijing, Xingchen could never get used to the chaos of a night market. Everywhere he turned there were people, loud voices assailing his ears in a language he only partially understood. The first time he had come to a market, Xingchen had been afraid of being separated from Aunt Baoshan and Yanling Daoren, certain that he would become lost in the endless maze of stalls. Xingchen still sometimes had that little bit of fear, but at least he would be in good company this time.
Getting lost in a night market in a foreign country, however, was the least of his worries at the moment. He had other things occupying his mind. 
Tomorrow the games started. Tomorrow he would officially be representing his country in the Olympics. Even though he had been training his whole life for this, it was still a daunting thought for someone just barely twenty-four years old.
But that was tomorrow. Tonight, he just wanted to enjoy the company.
There was a touch to his arm before someone clung to him, grasping at his wrist. Xingchen turned, a smile lighting up his face, at the sight of his sister, Wang Lian, grinning up at him.
“Stop looking so thoughtful!” she chastised, lightly poking at his cheek with a blue lacquered nail. “You’re going to put wrinkles on your pretty face.”
Xingchen could only laugh as she hugged his arm tighter, pulling him along. Ahead of them strolled Song Lan, Collum, and Adhira chatting animatedly with Liu Qiang and Zhan Xue; along with Lian and Xingchen, they had also been born, adopted, and raised in Boston. Xiaoli was with them, skipping the first few days of her second year of Harvard law school to come and cheer them on. Aunt Baoshan and Daoren led the group, Daoren’s booming laughter heard easily over the cacophony around them.
“So, that’s him, huh?” Lian tilted her chin in Song Lan’s direction, a slight smirk on her face. “We finally get to meet the one that’s captured our little Xingchen’s heart. You’ve been hiding him from us, little brother.”
“I have not,” Xingchen protested. “I’ve brought him home before. And you and Qiang have been texting him.”
Lian rolled her eyes before lightly punching him in the shoulder. “Doesn’t count. You brought him to see Aunt Baoshan while the rest of us only got photos.” She gave Song Lan an appraising look. “Which do him no justice, by the way. You got yourself a keeper there, Xingchen. He better propose to you soon or I might steal him away.” At his sudden silence, Lian gave him a sidelong look. “Xingchen, don’t tell me…”
“Well…”
“What?!” Despite her petite size, she began to roughly shake him, an almost crazed smile on her face. “Are you serious?! When? Why didn’t you tell any of us? Does Aunt Baoshan know?”
“She knows. It happened before we graduated from the academy.” He winced at Lian’s squawk of indignation.
“You got engaged at the academy? You’ve been keeping this a secret for six years?!”
“It’s not a secret! It’s just…we’ve been waiting.”
“For what?”
His footsteps slowed until he had stopped moving. Xingchen let his gaze fall to the ground, let the sounds of the Beijing night market surround him. 
“Tomorrow,” he said simply, his voice low, almost muffled by the ambient noise. He heard Lian murmur a quiet ‘oh’ before there was a gentle touch to his face. He lifted his gaze enough to find his sister looking at him with a soft, almost maternal expression. 
“Xingchen, are you happy? Does he make you happy?”
“Yes.” His answer was firm and without hesitation. The conviction in his voice seemedto satisfy her as Lian gave a curt nod.
“Good. Our little stardust deserves nothing but the best.” She used her hold on him to pull him down before pressing an affectionate kiss to his forehead. Xingchen was the youngest of all of them by a good ten years, growing up in large part without his siblings and away from home. But even so, he remained the beloved baby of the family, the one they all looked out for even though they knew he could take care of himself. Nothing but his unconditional happiness would satisfy them.
“Now that that’s taken care of.” Dragging him behind her, Lian quickened her footsteps to catch up with the others. “I’ll keep your engagement a secret, for now. At the banquet celebrating your win, you better tell Daoren and the others or I promise you hell will break loose.”
“If I win,” Xingchen corrected. Lian clucked her tongue at him as they approached their family and friends.
“Even if you lose, you’re still going to tell them. But there is no way my baby brother is losing. You underestimate yourself far too much, Xingchen. You’ll be on that podium for sure.”
The beginnings of a smile tugged at Xingchen’s lips at her words, the very same words he had heard over and over again from all those around him. They were all rooting for him, insisting he would win the games. But Xingchen had already come further than he had dreamed. As Song Lan turned a smile in his direction, folding Xingchen in his arms at his approach, he realized one thing.
Win or lose, he already had what he wanted.
* * * * *
Tension was high in the Green Convention Centre. Even though fencing wasn’t the most watched sport in the Olympics, the centre was still nearly full. It had been a bustle all day with fencing bouts occurring one after another. The team matches had happened first, leading slowly to the individuals, women’s followed by the men’s. 
Song Lan sat in the seats reserved for the fencing competitors alongside Adhira and Collum. His hands were clasped tightly together, elbows braced on his knees, leaning forward with his shoulders set stiffly as his full attention was on the floor. He was done, his match finished; he should have been relaxing, should have been out celebrating his silver medal win along with Adhira and her gold. But they couldn’t celebrate, not yet, as they were too focused on the bout occurring right before their eyes.
The last bout of the day, the last one for the games. The men’s épée - Xingchen’s bout.
“Watching this is so much worse than anything we’ve already seen!” Adhira hissed from between clenched teeth. She had Collum’s hand tightly clutched in both of her own, eyes wide and darting left and right. A low, disapproving sound issued from her throat as the bout was halted and a point awarded to the French fencer.
“Adhira, I’m still going to need that hand later,” Collum said. His tone was teasing in an attempt to lighten the mood, but his lips were set in a terse frown. It was an expression mirrored on the faces of their family and friends seated rows behind them with the other spectators. 
All ten of Xingchen’s siblings had come to watch, each of them silent and nearly expressionless in anticipation. Xiaoli was nervously chewing on her nails while beside her Joaquin sat on his hands to keep from fidgeting, the only one of Song Lan’s family who had been able to get out of work long enough to fly across the globe and attend.
A sharp elbow hit Song Lan in the side. He glanced in Adhira’s direction but made no other movements.
“How are you so calm?” she asked in disbelief. “I feel like my heart is about to break out of my chest!”
“I’m not,” Song Lan mumbled. He let out a whoosh of pent up breath as a point was awarded to Xingchen. The score was tied, thirteen to thirteen. “I’m not calm. But there’s nothing I can do but watch. And hope.”
“Yeah,” Collum agreed. “Xiao always says he doesn’t care if he wins or loses. But he’s the best. He deserves to win.”
It was true, Xingchen said it all the time. He was just happy he had made it as far as he did. He would walk away with a medal one way or another, and that was an added bonus for him. But Song Lan agreed with Collum; of all of them, Xingchen deserved to win. Everyone who knew Xingchen was rooting for him, everyone who was there and everyone waiting at home.
The quiet, humble boy from Boston who, despite the sad beginnings of his life, could still offer a kind smile and loved with all his heart - he had to win.
A collective gasp sounded as the red light flashed in Xingchen’s favor.
One more point, one single touch, and it would be over.
He didn’t resist or move away as Adhira’s hand clamped down on his arm, nails digging in and leaving crescent shaped impressions. The centre had gone dead silent, the referee’s ‘allez’ echoing in the stillness. Everyone seemed to be holding their breath as the two fencers moved along the strip, trading lunges, thrusts, and parries. 
As if they were dancing rather than fencing, the two opponents twisted away from one another. Song Lan’s eyes narrowed as he noted the almost imperceptible twist of Xingchen’s wrist a moment before the flick of his épée. The point of his blade landed against his opponent’s shoulder blade two seconds before there was a tap to his arm. Time seemed to stop as the fencers froze; half a second later the lights flashed.
Thirteen to fifteen.
Adhira’s scream was loud in his ear as she rose to her feet and threw herself at Collum. Behind them, the stands were a riot of shouts and whistles. Xiaoli had latched onto Joaquin, yelling herself hoarse as the tears flowed down her cheeks. The pair of them had their phones out and were shouting incoherently to whoever answered. Xingchen’s siblings were a frenzy of limbs, waving handmade banners and hugging one another.
Only Song Lan remained in his seat, a wide smile on his face as he watched Xingchen remove his mask, brushing aside sweat soaked hair before shaking hands with his opponent. No public displays of excitement for him, he was as calm as ever as he turned to wave to his family. His sightline shifted until he caught Song Lan’s gaze. Just as on the day of his dance, that slow smile of his lit up his face. 
Everything, everyone else was forgotten as they stared at one another, no words needed to express their pride, happiness, and love across the distance.
* * * * *
After all the years, after all the work, the wondering, and the dreaming, it had finally happened. As he sat and stared at the pair of medals - one gold and one silver - shimmering in the city lights, Xingchen could hardly believe it. Everything he and Song Lan had worked towards had finally come to fruition. 
He felt relief, but also hesitation. 
What was he going to do now?
It wasn’t that Xingchen didn’t have any plans beyond the Olympics. He had plenty. It was simply that everything seemed to have happened so fast that he was left breathless, wondering ‘is it really over?’ While there was a touch of fear, there was also hope. Because now that one dream had concluded, another could begin - a dream he had been waiting on for the last six years, ever since he was eighteen and said ‘yes’ inside the walls of his dorm room.
There came a gentle touch to his still damp hair that drew him out of his thoughts. Xingchen released a soft sigh before turning, the touch of a smile on his face as he met Song Lan’s eyes.
“You did it,” he said as he sat on the bed next to Xingchen.
“We did it,” Xingchen corrected. He gestured towards the silver medal as he allowed himself to be pulled into Song Lan’s lap and held close. “We both made it.” 
Moments passed as they sat still and silent, holding onto each other. Xingchen closed his eyes, listening to Song Lan’s breathing and feeling the warmth radiating off his skin. 
“What do you want to do?” 
Song Lan voice was a low, quiet murmur when he spoke. He didn’t elaborate or give specifics, but Xingchen knew what he meant. It was the very thing he had been thinking about. His eyes opened slowly, his body shifting until he sat astride Song Lan’s hips and could look into his eyes.
“I want to go home,” Xingchen said softly. “I want to go back to Boston and start a fencing school with you. I want to teach kids like us, give them the same chances we had.” His hands slid up to cradle Song Lan’s face, that face he loved and cherished. “I want to marry you. I want to raise kids with you. I want to fall asleep each night looking at your face and wake up each morning to your smile.” Leaning in, Xingchen brushed the barest hint of a kiss across Song Lan’s lips. “I want you.”
His gasp of surprise was swallowed as his lips were claimed in an intense kiss. The hands at his back held Xingchen tight, chests pressed so close he could feel Song Lan’s heart hammering in time with his own. He let out a small, disappointed sound as the touch broke before a line of kisses was pressed down his neck. The hands at his back dipped beneath his shirt to press hotly against the skin of his back, fingertips gliding in teasing strokes.
“Xingchen,” Song Lan murmured against his skin, “you’ll always have all of me.”
As long as he lived, Xingchen would never forget that night. It was seared into his memory, the way the city lights played over Song Lan’s skin as he hovered over Xingchen, accentuating the broadness of his shoulders. He knew come morning he would have to hide the sharp bite to his collarbone, the bruise from a kiss on his shoulder. His back arched, head thrown back as Song Lan pressed into him, wanting to feel as much as possible as their bodies fit together.
“Zichen…”
“I love you,” came the whisper to his ear followed by a butterfly kiss. “I’m yours, Xingchen. I’ll always be yours.”
Hands dove into the damp hair at Song Lan’s neck as Xingchen wrapped his long legs around his waist and pressed downwards. A teasing gleam flashed in his eyes at the low groan in his ear. His words were cut off by a sharp gasp as Song Lan gripped his thighs and pulled him closer.
He ached in that way that was unfamiliar but pleasant. Curling against Song Lan’s side, his head pillowed on that strong shoulder, Xingchen felt happy and safe. A soft stroke to his back had Xingchen sighing softly; he tilted his chin up and into a kiss, the corners of his lips lifting in a smile.
“There’s my favorite hello,” Song Lan murmured into his hair. Xingchen let himself be pulled close as the beginnings of sleep settled over his consciousness.
From rivals, to friends, to lovers, they had finally gotten to where they were now. As that steady strong pulse beat against his palm, Xingchen knew that wherever his future led, his Zichen would be there.
* * * * *
“So you’re the one.”
Song Lan tore his eyes away from the sight of Xingchen surrounded by family to find a man in his mid-thirties standing over him. He had a sideways smirk on his handsome face, kind eyes, and a scattering of gray hairs in his dark, short cut. Song Lan recognized him as He Jun, the eldest of Xingchen’s American born siblings, a biochemist teaching at Cornell. He landed a hand on Song Lan’s shoulder before claiming the seat next to him at the large banquet table.
“Sorry?”
“The one our Xingchen fell for,” Jun elaborated. “Congratulations, by the way. Hell of a win yesterday. You almost had your opponent at the end.”
Song Lan merely shrugged although his smile did brighten a touch. “Winning isn’t the most important thing.” Jun’s sudden laughter and the clap on his back gave him a momentary startle.
“Now I see why Xingchen likes you. You two think alike.” Resting his elbow on the table, Jun propped his chin on his palm before giving Song Lan a keen look. “He’s told us, about your engagement. I can’t believe he didn’t say anything for six years.”
“It wasn’t a secret. We just…”
“Were waiting. He’s already explained. You’ve been waiting for him to fulfill his dreams.” Jun pivoted in his seat to turn his gaze to his family as they crowded together while Xiaoli attempted to take a photo of them. “We all worried about him.”
Turning away from the happy scene, Song Lan gave him a curious look. “Why?” He heard the wistful sigh Jun emitted, saw the long searching look in his eyes.
“Xingchen is the baby, the last of us. The rest of us were well into our teens and getting ready to leave the house when he was old enough to talk and start interacting with others. We loved him, but we weren’t around when he needed us. He slowly became that shy, reclusive child that everyone ends up forgetting about.” A grin crossed Jun’s face as he gestured with his free hand. “But look at him now. He’s so happy. He got the chance to follow his dreams, got to study and learn not only fencing but dance.”
“It was because he got the chance to go to Lan Academy,” Song Lan said. “The academy made him who he is.”
“Not just the academy.” Jun fixed Song Lan with a piercing gaze. “You helped him. Even if he went to the academy, without you, I don’t think he would be the person he is today.” That smirk of his returned at Song Lan’s embarrassed flush. For a moment, Jun simply stared at Xingchen, a slight sadness passing over his gaze. “He reminds me a bit of Cangse.”
“How’s that?” Song Lan asked. Of all his siblings, Xingchen never really talked about Cangse Sanren. Song Lan had never asked why, believing that the memories might have been too much. It turned out that Xingchen had never had the chance to meet her; she had been residing in China during his younger years and had passed when he was at the academy.
Jun shrugged as he leaned back in his chair. “The parallels between them,” he said. “The both of them being who they are, dancers and fencers. Cangse went on a study abroad year to Boston for dance; it’s where she met Wei Changze. To think, my eldest sister and youngest brother both finding their passions and the love of their lives on opposite sides of the Commonwealth.” He gave Song Lan a conspiratorial wink. “Must be something in the water.” 
Their good natured laughter caught Xingchen’s attention; he smiled at them both, sharing a look with Song Lan before Xiaoli caught his attention. Jia’s wild laughter emitted from Xiaoli’s phone as Xingchen began video chatting with her and everyone at Lan Academy.
“There’s only one thing we all ask of you.”
Song Lan turned to face Jun as Xiaoli began to make her way over. “What’s that?” The smile that was on the other man’s face was affectionate as he indicated the other side of the banquet hall with a tilt of his chin.
“Keep him happy.”
Song Lan rose from his seat, laying a hand on Jun’s shoulder and giving him an affirming squeeze. “Don’t worry. I intend to.” His smile was bright just as Xiaoli reached his side and began to pull him back to speak with Jia, the sounds of celebration echoing around them.



Family
Chapter Summary
Regarding weddings, adoptions, family, old acquaintances, and future promises.
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




“I can’t believe you won the argument with my sisters.”Song Lan scoffed quietly, hiding his smile in Xingchen’s hair. “It wasn’t really an argument,” he said. “I just made a convincing point that we are not a traditional couple and should, therefore, not be obligated to follow traditional pre-martial practices.”Xingchen pulled back far enough to give Song Lan a skeptical look. “You rehearsed that with Xiaoli, didn’t you?”“I am not ashamed to admit that having a future prosecutor as a friend does have its perks.” He paused as a frown tugged at Song Lan’s lips. “Although they will be coming for you first thing in the morning, and they made it perfectly clear there wasn’t a thing I could do about that.” He relished the sound of Xingchen’s amused laughter as he pulled him close.Soft music filled the dim space around them as they held each other close, moving slowly with the music. Ever since that one particular summer day at Cloud Recesses, Song Lan continued to loathe the idea of dancing in front of others. But alone with Xingchen, he didn’t mind it as much. There were no expectations, no one watching, just the two of them, just like he wanted. Song Lan didn’t want to think about the fact that tomorrow he would have to repeat this dance in front of all his friends and family.“Tomorrow,” Xingchen murmured against his neck. “It’s difficult to believe it’s finally here.”He could hardly believe it either. Tomorrow, finally, would be the next step in their lives together, a dream they had put aside for nearly seven years.It had been a whirlwind year since the Olympics. More endorsement deals than they ever imagined had begun pouring in almost immediately, but they both had turned the majority of them down. They had spent their whole lives as athletes, constantly training and pushing themselves, but they wanted to move beyond that. Almost as soon as they returned stateside, Song Lan and Xingchen had begun making arrangements to move back to Boston. With Baoshan Sanren’s help, they found a home that suited them and would be large enough for the family they wanted to start.With Xiaoli and Mateo’s aid, they had put in the proper paperwork for a space large enough to accommodate a fencing school. As they anxiously awaited the call back from the realtor, there was some apprehension that this dream of theirs wouldn’t pan out, but at least there was a back up plan. A month after their return, Lan Qiren had approached them with offers to teach at the academy. Even after they told him of their intentions, the Acting Headmaster merely nodded his head and made it clear the offers had no expiration dates. Perhaps one day they would consider going back to the school that had brought them together and held so many of their fondness memories.But first, tomorrow.“I made you wait for seven years.”Song Lan smiled into Xingchen’s shoulder before pressing a kiss to his cheek. Pulling back to gaze into those dark eyes, he cradled Xingchen’s face in his hand, thumb brushing over his lower lip.“I told you before,” Song Lan said, his voice low, “I will wait as long as you want me to.” He leaned in for a kiss, the touch long and lingering. “You’re worth the wait.” Song Lan felt the smile against his lips.“I love you, Zichen.”“I love you, too. And, tomorrow, I’ll be yours. Properly.” Another frown tugged at his lips as a thought occurred to him. “Although, I am slightly terrified of what your sister has planned. Maybe handing over the reins to our wedding wasn’t such a good idea.” Xingchen’s pealing laughter was a sound he would never get tired of.“Lian knows what she’s doing. She plans fundraisers for a living.”“That’s what I’m afraid of.” Soft fingertips touched his face. Song Lan turned to place a whisper soft kiss on Xingchen’s palm.“Trust me when I say it will be perfect and just right for us.”Song Lan offered him a smile before claiming another kiss. He wrapped his arms tight around Xingchen, pulling him close to murmur into his ear as the dance continued.“There’s no one I trust more than you.”* * * * *“Mind if I have this dance?”At the soft touch to his hair and the tug on his arm, Xingchen turned and gave a smile as Zhan Xue pulled him onto the dance floor. She leaned in, gracing his cheek with an affectionate kiss as they began to move in time to the slow music.“Our little Xingchen,” his sister said, “a gold medalist and now happily married. You did well for yourself, baby brother.” Reaching up, Xue straightened one of the flowers that had been slipped into his hair. “Qiang tells me that you are going to open a fencing school with your new husband.”Xingchen nodded slowly, eyes darting over to where Song Lan - tall and elegant in a dark suit - was laughing with Sam, David, and Jun. A slow, happy smile stretched across his face to see their families coming together so seamlessly.“First Daoren and now you following in Aunt Baoshan’s footsteps. She’s so proud of you both.”“You make it sound like she’s disappointed in the rest of you,” Xingchen said with a frown. Xue shook her head, dark curls waving about her face.“I know she’s happy for all of us. But to have both her eldest and youngest following her into the sport that she loves - the sport that made her who she is - I have to agree, it’s something to really take pride in. You’ll understand when you have kids one day.” Her fingers were gentle as Xue brushed a strand of hair from Xingchen’s eyes. “Have you given any thought to the idea of starting your own family?”“We have,” he admitted quietly. There hadn’t really been much of a discussion between them about having children. Both he and Song Lan came from loving families that didn’t share a drop of blood with each other. It only seemed natural that they would want to do the same, take in children like themselves and raise them in a loving home. “We’re just waiting to hear back from the agency.”“You’ll make wonderful parents, the both of you. You have so much to give.” Xue paused, giving him a long and thoughtful look. “I’ll be honest, I was worried when I heard you wanted to go to Lan Academy all those years ago.”He could only nod at her words. Xingchen had heard it before from each of is siblings, their trepidation at the idea that he wanted to go to a boarding school on his own.“You turned out better than all right.” Xue’s gaze was warm as she cradled his face in her hands. “I know what they called you at Notre Dame. And it’s true, you are the Bright Moon. You are the best and brightest of all of us, little stardust. You deserve everything you’ve worked so hard for - and so much more.”A slow flush colored his cheeks as Xingchen dropped his chin, an embarrassed smile forming at his sister’s words. Before he could say anything else, a low buzzing sounded from within the folds of his robes. Retrieving the device, his eyes widened in surprise at the number that appeared on the screen.“Something important?” Xue asked curiously as she steered him off the floor. At his nod, she pushed him gently towards a far corner of the room, away from the reception guests. “Then go and answer it.” With a grateful look for his sister, Xingchen turned slightly away and pressed the accept call button on his phone. His voice was low, a steady murmur as he spoke and his eyes cast to the ground. A few moments later, as he ended the call, Xingchen felt a light kiss to his hair. At his side stood Song Lan, a loving smile on his face. “Hey, you,” his new husband said. Song Lan wrapped an arm around Xingchen’s waist, drawing him closer as his other hand slipped something into his pocket.“Hi,” Xingchen replied before tilting his chin up for a proper kiss.“I know we promised today would be about just us, no distractions.”Xingchen gave him a rueful look. “I hear a ‘but’ coming.” His heart skipped a beat at the wide grin that answered him. “I just got off the phone with the realtor. We got it.”An uncharacteristic shout escaped him as Xingchen threw his arms around Song Lan’s neck. He felt himself lifted off the ground and spun around, the sounds of laughter all around them.“The school, it’s ours now,” Song Lan said, the happiness evident in his voice as he set Xingchen back on his feet. “We have to sign the papers in a couple of days. Which means…”“A delayed honeymoon.” Xingchen shook his head as his fingertips slid along Song Lan’s jaw. “I don’t care. This is more important. This is the start of our everyday together.” He let himself be pulled into another kiss, forgetting the world around him in the joy that he felt at the turn his life was taking.“Now we just have to wait for the other call.” His expression turned to one of curiosity as Xingchen gave him a knowing smile. “About that. That was the adoption agency. We have an appointment for next week.” Xingchen allowed himself to be pulled into a fierce hug. He relished in the sound of Song Lan’s laughter in his ears, the kisses pressed to his face. He never dreamed of having so much to be thankful for, so much happiness in his life.He could only imagine how much more joy he would experience in the days to come.* * * * *The sound of a sharp cry awoke him. It was a fussy cry, monotonous but long lasting. A-Qing and Jie had just started sleeping through the night, which meant the cry was coming from one of the twins. He was loathed to leave the warm comfort of the bed, but Song Lan knew that if he didn’t, the cry would soon awaken the others.Before he could move, he felt the mattress shift as Xingchen slowly sat up. His movements were slow, showing his tiredness as he let out a low sigh before rising to his feet. He stood for a moment, stretching out his shoulders before shuffling towards the door and down the hall. A moment later, a light flickered on; the cry quieted as a soft, low hum sounded.He waited a few more minutes before Song Lan rose from the bed and crept down the hall. He stopped into A-Qing and Jie’s room to ensure they were still sleeping soundly before looking in on the twins. The sight that greeted him gave Song Lan pause. A slow smile tugged at his lips as he leaned on the doorframe.Xingchen stood between the twins’ cribs, hair and clothes sleep rumpled. He cradled Xiulan in one arm, rocking her slowly as he hummed quietly. His other hand was in Xinyi’s crib, fingertips lightly touching the child’s face in a soothing manner. Xingchen looked exhausted, the result of a whirlwind of adoptions of four children under the age of three within the last year and a half - all while the fencing school was still in its first few years of opening and accepting students. Even so, he had that soft, happy smile on his face still.The humming cut off as Xiulan began to fuss again. Retreating his hand from the crib, Xingchen shifted his hold on his daughter until Xiulan was settled against his chest. Instead of humming, he started speaking to her in a low, steady voice.“You’re all right, my little flower,” he murmured before pressing a kiss to her head. “We have you now. And we’re going to do everything we can to make sure you and your siblings grow up happy, just like we did.” Xingchen began to hum again as a small, chubby hand reached out, grabbing hold of a stray lock of his hair.The floorboard creaked lightly as Song Lan stepped into the room. He came up behind Xingchen, wrapping his arms around his husband and daughter before pressing kisses to both their heads.“Is she okay?” he asked, one finger gently running down Xiulan’s cheek.“Just lonesome, I think,” Xingchen replied. He turned slightly within the circle of Song Lan’s arms, resting his head on a shoulder. “It makes me wonder if this is how I was when my aunt adopted me.”Song Lan ran a gentle hand through Xingchen’s hair, combing out the tangles. “Don’t worry, she’s got both of us and three older siblings to make sure she’s never lonesome again.” With gentle hands, he carefully took his slumbering daughter from Xingchen. Song Lan cradled her against his chest for a moment, smiling down at her sleeping face. With slow, careful moments he put her back into her crib and tucked her in. He leaned in to give Xinyi a kiss before taking Xingchen’s hand and turning off the light as they headed back to their room. “It’s strange,” Xingchen murmured as he allowed himself to be pulled back into bed and enveloped in Song Lan’s arms.“What is?”“Our lives. If someone had told me this is how we would be back when we were kids, I am sure I would have thought they were crazy.”Something in Xingchen’s words gave Song Lan pause. It brought back memories of a spring day, and a conversation he had that would ultimately change his life. He had never told anyone about that encounter with Molly, had never said how grateful he had been for that not-so-subtle push in his life. Perhaps one day he would get the chance to thank her.Rather than answering, Song Lan placed a loving kiss against Xingchen’s temple, pulling him in close before they settled back into a restful sleep.* * * * *He hadn’t been back to Cloud Recesses in over a decade, not since the last time he and Song Lan had been camp counselors. As far as Xingchen could tell, nothing had really changed except the people. Everyone he knew from those happy summer days had gone their separate ways, grown up and had families and lives of their own. But they had all come back together to celebrate a very special occasion. “Here comes the gremlin.”Xingchen elbowed his husband lightly as Wei Wuxian made his way over. “Be nice, Zichen. He’s come a long way since camp.”“I hear he’s still a menace though.”“Maybe, but you have to admit, he’s a talented menace.” Xingchen was certain Cangse Sanren would be quite proud of the man her son had become. Wei Wuxian walked with an air about him that Xingchen recognized: confident, secure in who he was, and very happy.“I was wondering if I could have a word?” Wei Wuxian asked as he approached.“Come here, you,” Song Lan said as he took Yating from Xingchen’s arms. “Let’s go make sure your brothers and sisters haven’t burned anything down.” He gave a sideways smirk in Wei Wuxian’s direction before striding off towards the crowd gathered around Lan Zhan.“He’s never going to let me live that incident down, is he?” While his expression appeared sheepish, Xingchen knew Wei Wuxian was anything but embarrassed about his boyhood stunts.“We’re still trying to figure out how you managed it,” Xingchen replied. He made a gesture with his hand as they began walking. “It is, after all, scientifically impossible to cause an actual explosion with mentos and diet coke.”Wei Wuxian gave him a wide grin. “‘Attempt the impossible’ is the Jiang family motto, you know.”“Which you embody quite literally.” Wei Wuxian gave him a smile, one Xingchen had only seen in photos of his sister - a genuine smile with a touch of mischief. “Has anyone ever told you that your mother was my sister?”Wei Wuxian nodded as he clasped his hands behind his back. “I’ve heard. It’s why I wanted to speak with you.”“When did you find out?”“Uncle Fengmian told me a few years ago, after the Olympics. There were some clips of your family in the news footage. He said he recognized some of them from photos my mother had.” He stopped walking at the edge of the lake. Wei Wuxian heaved a long sigh as a warm, summer breeze stirred his hair. “I considered calling to ask you about her. But…”“Yes?”“I did the math. The age difference - you might not have known her well, if at all. I didn’t want to put you in an awkward position. I guess that’s also why you never told me about your relation before.”Xingchen nodded as he turned and gazed out at the lake. Lifting a hand, he tucked a loose strand of hair behind his ear as a regretful expression crossed his face. “I was at the academy when I got the news. I never got the chance to meet her, but I heard a lot of stories.”“Like what?”The look on Wei Wuxian’s face was one Xingchen had seen a number of times reflected in the mirror: the desire to know more about a past that was either too distant to remember clearly or absent all together. Having been adopted so soon after birth, Xingchen had long resigned himself to never knowing the mother who had loved him just enough to give him up for a better life. But for Wei Wuxian, who had been fortunate to have some time with his parents, the need to know was still strong after so many years.“Daoren has said she loved both fencing and dance,” Xingchen began slowly. “She had a desire to learn and was willing to travel across the world to do so. When she set her mind to something, there was nothing and nobody who could stop her. After she came back from Boston, after she met your father, she had prepared herself to fight with the entire family to stay with him. She thought they would all disapprove of a simple accountant who didn’t have any great aspirations while my sister had Olympic level dreams.”“Did they?” There was a defensive tone in Wei Wuxian’s question, as if he were willing to defend his mother’s honor after so many years.He couldn’t help the huff of laughter that escaped him as Xingchen shook his head. “My family has always been about supporting each other’s dreams and decisions, no matter how simple or complex. Whether Wei Changze was an accountant or a king, they wouldn’t have cared. The only thing that mattered was whether Cangse was happy. From what I gather, she was. And, she would have been very pleased to see how you’ve turned out today.”For a long while, the pair of them were silent as they stood and gazed out at the lake, thinking of a woman they were both connected to but who had left their lives far too soon.“I sometimes wish she were still here,” Wei Wuxian confessed quietly. “My father as well. It’s a childish whimsy, I know. But I wish they were both here to meet Lan Zhan, to be happy for me. My memories of her are so vague. I wish I could have known her better.”Xingchen sighed quietly, his voice quiet when he spoke. “I wish I could tell you more. But, at least I can tell you this much. From what my siblings have said, you’re a lot like her in personality.”At those words, Wei Wuxian tilted his head; one eyebrow arched as that mischievous smirk returned. “Is that a good thing or bad?”Xingchen’s laughter echoed across the lake before he reached out and patted Wei Wuxian’s shoulder. “Jury’s still out on that one.”* * * * *“I see things worked out well for you.”Pivoting on his heels, Song Lan found Molly Lan regarding him keenly, a sly smile on her face as she drew closer. It had been twenty years since he had last seen her, but she had remained the eccentric person he still remembered. She had traded her icy blue tresses for a bright pink color, the purple cat eye spectacles for tortoise shell ones. But that knowing expression was still the same, as if she could see into your very soul.“I had a good feeling about you two,” Molly said as she stopped at Song Lan’s side. “Turns out I was right.”“I hear you are right a lot,” Song Lan replied with a smirk. “Even after you left, they talked about you at the academy. A lot.”Molly tutted, waving her hand as if to shoo a pesky fly away. “I’ve heard it all. Who cares what they think? Besides…” She nudged Song Lan with her elbow, careful not to jostle Yating who was dozing in his arms. “I wasn’t wrong about you.”“No.” He turned his gaze away to find Xingchen, chatting happily with Yue and Xichen. “You told me to talk to him, and I did. It took me a few months, but I did. After that, everything changed.” Song Lan thought about those early days, the resentment and anger he had felt slowly morphing into friendship and then so much more. “How did you know?”“I guessed.”Song Lan snorted, turning a skeptical eye in her direction. “You know what else they said about you at the academy? That you can see into the past.”“Exaggerations. No one can really see into the past. But I do believe in past lives and reincarnation cycles, perhaps a bit more keenly than others.” Molly gave a small shrug before tapping her walking cane onto the ground. “Sometimes I get feelings. About certain people. Certain soulmates, if you will.” She made a gesture in Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan’s direction. “Like those two.” She turned, tapping Song Lan’s shoulder knowingly with a manicured nail. “And you two. Some people are just meant for each other.”He thought about her words as he shifted Yating in his arms. Soulmates…it was a word Song Lan had never applied to what he and Xingchen had, but it made sense. There were times in which he felt he had known Xingchen far longer than the years they shared. Sometimes it felt as if the only reason he was alive, his sole purpose in life was to be by Xingchen’s side. For some, it might have been a sobering thought, that your soul belonged to someone else and that your life may not be entirely your own. But for Song Lan, he couldn’t imagine anything else.“I think you two have a long and happy life awaiting you,” Molly said in a serene tone with a smile to match. Song Lan gave her a sideways glance but there was the beginnings of a smile on his face. “Being cryptic again, aren’t you?” His smile widened at Molly’s cheerful laughter.“It’s what I do best, my dear.”* * * * *Overhead the fireworks brightened the sky in a myriad of colors as the spectators on the ground gazed up in wonder. All along the lakeside there were shouts - of joy, of happiness, teasing taunts and good-natured jokes - all directed at the couple on the dock, who were too busy sharing kisses to pay attention to them all.Beneath an old oak tree, Xingchen sat alone and watched it all, a small smile tilting up the edges of his lips. At the sound of a familiar footstep, he glanced up as Song Lan settled down beside him.“Thought I might find you here,” he said before wrapping an arm around Xingchen’s shoulders. “Yue is watching the kids so we can have a bit of time to ourselves.” As Xingchen leaned against him, Song Lan pressed a kiss to the top of his head as his fingers idly played with the bead dangling from Xingchen’s hairpin.They sat quietly for long moments, watching the fireworks and drinking in each other’s company.“We’ve come a long way since the first time we met, haven’t we?”Glancing up through his lashes, Xingchen gave Song Lan a long, thoughtful stare. “We have,” he replied. “And I wouldn’t change a moment of it.” He let himself be pulled closer and leaned into the touch of lips against his own. No matter how many kisses they shared, Xingchen was always reminded of that very first one in the middle of a spring storm so many years ago. They really had come far since those days.“Do you have any regrets?” Xingchen asked, his voice a low whisper. He reached for Song Lan’s hand, brushing a kiss over the knuckles before interlacing their fingers.“Only one,” came the murmured reply. Xingchen looked up to find one of those loving smiles he adored. “My only regret is not talking to you properly the first time, for letting that misunderstanding come between us for so long.” Song Lan pulled Xingchen into his lap, burying his face in dark hair and sighing softly. “But, maybe, that was how things were supposed to be for us. Our second intention.”With a nod and a soft smile, Xingchen closed his eyes. He let the memories wash over him, all of their time together. Memories full of joy mixed with those brimming with anxiousness and fright, but they were all worthwhile in the end. Safe and warm in Song Lan’s arms, the joyful sounds of friends and family around them, Xingchen found himself looking forward to the days to come. There were so many more days to share, to love, and to relish in with his children surrounding them and his Zichen by his side.



Chapter End Notes
Y'all, we're at the end of the main story. This has truly been a labor of love for me. I've grown so attached to these characters that I am both happy and sad to let them go. Thanks for following along with me. 😘But I'm not done just yet! If you want to read more about Song Lan and Xiao Xingchen's story, check out the following fics. 😊-Where We Come Alive: a series of short ficlets that span from age 15 to age 50 (don't let the Completed designation fool you, I update this one with new bits often).-Undying Admiration and Everlasting Love: One Valentine's Day, Xiao Xingchen finds a surprise awaiting him.-From This Day Onwards: Their wedding, the whole entire day.-Camp Fire Tales From Cloud Recesses: Hilarious moments over various summers at Cloud Recesses, also features Wei Wuxian, Lan Zhan, Lan Xichen, Jiang Cheng, Nie Mingjue, and Nie Huaisang.-A Proper Date?: aka why Song Lan and Xiao Xingchen don't date like normal couples-Legacies: short ficlets about the SongXiao kids, Xiao Qing and Song Yating.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



