



Semi-Automatic - juuuke - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Semi-Automatic
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/11856927.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Relationship:
Jeon Jungkook/Park Jimin
Character:
Jeon Jungkook, Park Jimin (BTS), Min Yoongi | Suga
Additional Tags:
bff!yoonkook, Bulimia, Anorexia, Eating Disorders, Alternate Universe, Depression, lots of swearing, Angst with a Happy Ending
Series:
Part 1 of
heavydirtysoul
Stats:

        Published: 2017-08-21
        Words: 7731
      

Semi-Automatic
by juuuke
Summary
Jungkook develops a severe complex following a particularly bad argument with Jimin. Yoongi's the only light at the end of a very deep tunnel. Jimin's in denial.
Notes
this was a requested prompt. hope it doesn't disappointthe title references tøp's semi-automatic. the gist: sometimes the darker parts of ourselves come out on their own ("I'm never what I like, I'm double-sided and I just can't hide I kinda like it when I make you cry 'cause I'm twisted up.")



Semi-Automatic


December 12, 2015
 “I asked him to do one simple thing,” Jungkook mumbles under his breath, picking up a shirt here, a sock there.He brushes past Jimin with an indirect huff on the way to the washing machine. Jimin doesn’t notice. In fact, he doesn’t seem to notice much anymore. “This one’s almost empty. Babe, can you get me another detergent?” he shouts.There’s no answer. Jungkook gives Jimin a minute or two before he stops sorting through the clothes, lets out a disappointed sigh and grabs a new jug of detergent from the closet in the hall. He throws a glare at the door to their room on his way back.  Jungkook’s just about done putting the second load into the dryer when Jimin pokes his head over his shoulder.“Did you say something?” he asks and Jungkook knows he’s genuinely clueless.“I got it,” the younger replies without even a glance. He hears Jimin cluck his tongue before he’s gone.  * * * 
December 24, 2015
 “Why do you have to go in on Christmas eve?” Jungkook asks as Jimin searches for a few more papers to toss into his briefcase. “Boss is on my ass about the presentation next week. They want to close the deal by Tuesday,” Jimin says, a little flustered. “Can’t you work from here?”“Jungkook,” Jimin starts. Jungkook doesn’t like the way he says his name. “You know I would if I could.”Sure. Jungkook presses against the wall in defeat, making way for Jimin to pass, his gaze kept low. Jimin pecks a rough kiss on Jungkook’s cheek before rushing out the door with a hurried, “Love you.”-It’s nearing eleven ‘o clock at night when Jungkook gives up on waiting for Jimin to come home. Dinner is left untouched on the table. He unplugs the cord to the Christmas tree and watches the lights die, faint tick of the clock cuts through the silence. -Jimin is another hour and a half before he comes home. Everything is still. Not even the little plug-in light in the kitchen is on.As he walks through the darkness in his quiet home, guilt burrows into him. He can see Jungkook’s silhouette under the covers and tosses his suit to the floor, not even bothering to change the rest before climbing into bed to lay beside his love. He grazes a gentle finger over Jungkook’s cheek, the younger looking so innocently cute when he sleeps. Jimin plants a soft kiss onto the tip of Jungkook’s nose before his lids prove too heavy to resist. But Jungkook isn’t asleep. He relishes that touch, misses it more than anything and waits until he hears Jimin’s breathing go rough to open his eyes. Carefully, he lifts Jimin’s hand to rest on his waist as he scoots just a bit closer and lets tiredness drown him.  * * * 
December 25, 2015
 Jungkook wakes fairly early the following morning, clawing at the chilled sheet beside him. His eyes pry open in a blurry attempt to locate Jimin and drops his face back into the pillow when he accepts that the other is not here. Maybe he was never here. Maybe Jungkook dreamt what happened last night.Though just when he flips to adjust in the bed, his hand knocks against something and he wipes the sleep from his eyes to find a small box on Jimin’s pillow. There’s a little note tucked under it: I’m sorry I had to go in early. Merry Christmas, my love. So it wasn’t a dream. The tiniest grin tugs at Jungkook’s lips. * * * 
June 4, 2016
 “Why do you always have to go in on your days off?” Jungkook asks, trying not to sound like a nagging housewife. Jimin mocks a laugh. “Because someone has to make money. We’ve got bills to pay, you know. We all can’t play cashier for the rest of our lives.”“Wow,” Jungkook says, unable to hide the hurt on his face. “So we’re gonna have that conversation again.”“Guess so,” Jimin spits. “You think you can make a living by working at a grocery store? Get a promotion at least. You’ve been there for fucking years.”“I’m not a damn cashier and don’t fucking belittle me just ‘cause you’ve got some glorified asshole job at some big asshole company.”“Oh, please. If I didn’t have this ‘glorified asshole job’, we’d be struggling to get by. So I think the words you’re looking for are ‘thank you’ because I’m the one holding this damn relationship together.”Jungkook scoffs, “You? You think that you’re the one holding this relationship together? Are you fucking kidding me? Everything isn’t about money, Jimin.”“I don’t have time for this bullshit,” Jimin shoots, grabbing his briefcase and heading to the door.“Yeah, walk away like you always do.” * * * 
August 31, 2016
 “Sorry I can’t make it to dinner tonight. I don’t know if I’ll see you tomorrow morning so happy early birthday, honey. Love you.”Jungkook listens to the voicemail for the umpteenth time, placing the phone back into his pocket as the waiter approaches. “Are we waiting for one more?”Jungkook just smiles and shakes his head. The waiter nods, clears the plate and utensils opposite him and says he’ll be back in a minute to take his order. -“Did you even take a bite?” the waiter jokes when Jungkook asks for a box, but his smile drops when Jungkook doesn’t laugh. He brings a box without further speculation and Jungkook asks for the check. Instead, the guy returns with two small plates, a slice of some fancy-looking chocolate cake on both and takes the seat across Jungkook whose brows furrow in confusion. “I didn’t order this.”“I know,” is all the waiter says and Jungkook actually looks at him for the first time that night. The guy is kind of cute, says his name is Yoongi and that the check is taken care of and dessert is on the house. He tells Jungkook that he’s going to sit with him until he finishes the cake because it’s expensive as fuck and that Jungkook looked too pitiful sitting alone poking at his food all night. “No one asked for your opinion, jackass,” Jungkook sneers.Yoongi laughs, “Just eat the damn cake. It’s orgasmic.”Despite the offensive remarks Jungkook didn’t ask for, he takes a bite and fuck, this guy wasn’t exaggerating.“Don’t you have to get back to work?” Jungkook more tells than asks.“I’m done actually,” Yoongi replies like he doesn’t notice the other’s annoyance and takes a large bite of his own cake. “It’s good, right?”Jungkook refrains from telling the guy to fuck off, that he isn’t lonely and pathetic because he kind of likes Yoongi’s bluntness. They spend the next hour talking nonsense and laughing. The restaurant is getting ready to close.“Not that I’m not enjoying this,” Jungkook says and he is really, really enjoying this, “but I gotta go.”“Gonna go kick your date’s ass?” Yoongi cocks a brow.Jungkook chuckles and rises from his seat.“Want me to kick her ass?” Yoongi smirks. “I mean I’m against hitting girls, but to stand you up? She must be tripping.”“As tempting as that is, no. She’s a he and also my husband, so.”Yoongi pokes his tongue into the side of his cheek. “So you are married.” Jungkook catches disappointment in his tone.“I saw the ring, but I don’t know. Some people just wear it to keep creeps away, you know? Apparently you’re not one of them,” he laughs half-heartedly.Jungkook nibbles his bottom lip. “Well, um, thanks again for all of this.”“Yeah,” Yoongi says and it’s like he’s a whole different person from the charismatic ass he just was.Jungkook watches him take both plates before walking away without a goodbye. Well, at least it was a good night, Jungkook thinks, and turns to head toward the exit.“Your husband is a lucky guy,” Yoongi pipes to Jungkook’s surprise.He stops and nearly jumps because Yoongi is right up in his face by the time he turns around. Yoongi doesn’t say anything else, just grabs Jungkook’s right hand, takes a pen from his apron and jots down a number across his palm. He tucks the pen back into place and their eyes meet. There’s a long pause before Yoongi slowly backs away.“In case you get stood up again. You look like shit when you’re sitting alone,” he smirks and jogs to pick the plates back up and disappears. * * * 
September 16, 2016
 It’s been two years. Their wedding anniversary is in four days. Jungkook attempts some romance. Candles are lit along the walls, rose petals are scattered across the floor and oh god, he feels like this is too cliche, but he’d be damned if he let this all go to waste because rose petals are fucking expensive and he’s managing a thong, witnessing his dignity slip away. He lays on the bed, poses this way then that and no, wait this looks too awkward, maybe like this, until he’s decided on just laying flat. Keys jiggle in the lock and the front door opens then shuts. Jungkook feels his heart race a little because it has been too fucking long since they’ve done anything like this. “I’m home.” He hears Jimin say and awkwardly props his head against his palm in what he hopes is a sexy position as Jimin enters the room. The first thing his husband sees are the petals on the floor, then the candles on the dresser, then his eyes land on Jungkook giving his most appealing smile and Jimin almost wants to laugh. He settles on a puzzled grin, asking, “What’s this?”Not the reaction Jungkook was looking for. “Happy anniversary.”Jungkook can tell things click into place when Jimin’s mouth forms an involuntary ‘o’ and tosses his jacket to the floor - that usually bothers Jungkook, but not tonight; tonight is about them.“You forgot,” is all Jungkook says and the sad part isn’t that he was expecting it, but that he was hopeful he’d be wrong.“I didn’t forget. It’s…not even today, right?”Jungkook’s body bounces as he falls back into the mattress. “Right.”“Come on, don’t be mad. I’m sorry.”“You’re always sorry.”“Don’t start, Jungkook,” Jimin says, undressing himself.“Wow, really? Don’t start? Are you kidding me? I’m wearing a thong for your ungrateful ass.”“Always with the damn are you kidding me. No, I’m not fucking kidding. I have other things to worry about, Jungkook.”“Why are you calling me Jungkook?” he spits.“Because that’s your name.” Jimin yells, throwing an arm up in frustration. “What happened to babe or sweetie or honey?” Jungkook questions, sitting up on the bed.Jimin rubs a vexed hand roughly over his face. “Babe,” he sighs, softening his tone.“Don’t just say it because I told you to,” Jungkook complains and it spikes anger within Jimin.“You know what, I don’t have time for this!” he shouts, fumbling though the dresser for comfortable clothes to wear. “You never have time for anything!” Jungkook barks back. “Oh my god, Jungkook. Why do we have to do this every fucking day?” Jimin relents.Jungkook looks down at the oversized shirt he’s wearing, thankful for the coverage it provides. He slips off the bed, walks to the dresser to pull some pants on, first slipping out of the thong and into boxers then grabs his phone and keys.“We don’t,” he says softly and with that, he’s heading for the door.“Jungkook,” Jimin calls after him, but the younger is already gone. * * * 
The following months are like this - hostile, toxic, cold.
There are times in between that keep Jungkook hopeful that maybe they can make it. Like when Jimin will come home from a long day at work and snuggle up against Jungkook until they’re making out, someone nibbles here, sucks there, a shirt lifts, someone gets straddled and they end up in a sweating mess, bodies pressed together tight. Or when they surprise each other with little gifts, nothing expensive, maybe a keychain they just had to get as they passed a shop’s window. Or when Jungkook cooks Jimin special meals on particularly hard days at the office and Jimin is actually home to appreciate it.Jungkook savors these rarities.
But looking back at it all, the last few months have mostly been like this - hostile, toxic, cold.
 * * * 
December 31, 2016
 It’s New Year’s eve. Jimin’s already downed his seventh shot. They’re squished in a hotel room that Yoongi rented to host a party that Jimin wasn’t keen on attending, but Jungkook begged because it’s his best friend.Music is blasting too loud for Jimin’s liking, already irritated with the drunk crowd unable to keep to themselves as they bump and trip and grind against him. Don’t get him wrong, he’s all for having fun, but this Yoongi guy is getting on his last nerve. All Jungkook does is talk about Yoongi, how they’re like friend-soulmates or some dumb shit like that. They’re always cackling on the phone, hanging out when Jimin is stuck at the office and Jungkook acts like Jimin likes having to work this damn much. Yeah, he’s good at what he does and yeah, it’s a good job, but sometimes it isn’t worth all the trouble it seems to cause at home.He met Yoongi once. It didn’t bode over so well. He already didn’t like the guy because he was spending too much time with his husband as Jimin pointed out to Jungkook on more than one occasion, but that always ended up in a fight neither of them needed.Jimin wants to tell Jungkook that he’s ready to leave, but his husband isn’t beside him anymore so he looks among the sea of people. Somehow he manages to stumble through and ends up by the glass door to the balcony. He feels his heart sink a little when his eyes fall upon Jungkook and Yoongi huddled close against the railing watching the fireworks.He fucking hates that guy.Fury incites, grounding itself in the pit of his stomach and he charges past the glass door, taking Jungkook by the wrist, roughly yanking him from the railing. “Ow,” Jungkook gets out, pulling his wrist from the aggressor. “Dude,” Yoongi asserts and it only pisses Jimin off more. He shoves a palm hard against Yoongi’s chest making him fall back into the railing. “Stay the fuck away from Jungkook,” Jimin growls, reaching for his husband’s arm again, but Jungkook steps back. “Are you drunk?” Jungkook asks, a little disgusted.Yoongi doesn’t like where this is going. He pulls Jungkook behind him. “Jimin, don’t grab him like that.”“Mind your own damn business, home wrecker,” Jimin sneers and Jungkook is certain that he’s drunk. He’s definitely never seen his husband like this before and it scares him a little. “Home wrecker?” Yoongi huffs a laugh. “If I wanted to take Jungkook from you, I’d have done it a long time ago. It wouldn’t have been very hard.”Jungkook knows Yoongi doesn’t mean any harm , but somehow he’s offended. “What is that supposed to mean?”Yoongi twists his neck to face Jungkook. “That your husband is a negligent ass and doesn’t deserve you.”Part of Jimin admits that this is true, but he’s too pissed and out of it to back down now. “Jungkook, let’s go,” he demands.Jungkook remains behind Yoongi, gaze glued to his friend’s back. Jimin eyes the latter hard. “Fine, stay here with your fucking boyfriend,” he snaps and directs the next part to Yoongi, “Enjoy your sloppy seconds. He ain’t the piece of ass he used to be,” and with that he’s gone. Yoongi just stands there for a good ten seconds, processing what just happened and quickly checks behind him to find Jungkook hiding his face beneath a palm. “Ten.” The people in the room shout. “Nine. Eight.”“Jungkook,” Yoongi coos, rubbing a thumb against the nape of the younger’s neck.“Seven. Six. Five.”Yoongi pulls his friend close and Jungkook latches onto him, trying to stifle the cries breaking from his chest. “Four. Three. Two.”People cheer in the background as the clock strikes midnight, fireworks going off like crazy and Jungkook finally lets go, able to be drowned out by the noise around. Yoongi does his best to steady them both. * * * 
January 1, 2017
 “Yes, please lie there. It’s not like I could use help or anything,” Yoongi comments.It’s too damn early for Yoongi’s sarcasm. Jungkook groans into a pillow and rolls over, only remembering that he was on the couch when his face hits the floor. “I’m up,” he croaks, pushing himself slowly off the ground. Yoongi pauses cleaning mode to watch his friend groggily trudge over to him and smirks. “You didn’t even drink and you look like hell.”“Shut up,” Jungkook retorts, nudging Yoongi’s shoulder on his way to the bathroom. “Watch out for the-” Yoongi starts, but Jungkook’s already yelping, “vomit.”-“Fucking hell, man,” Jungkook sighs, sipping at his coffee. “How can someone miss the damn toilet?” He’s still hung up on this morning’s horror.“Wasn’t me, dude. I swear,” Yoongi smirks. Jungkook shakes the thought away. “How long do you have the room?”“I booked it til tomorrow afternoon. Why, did you want to stay here?”“Can’t. Gotta work tonight.”They sit in silence for a few minutes, neither wanting to bring up last night.-Today isn’t relatively good for Jungkook. The store is really busy, they’re understaffed, customers are being extra asshole-y and he doesn’t care if that’s not a word because that’s what they are, asshole-y.The phones are ringing off the hook and even with two of them manning the customer service station, they can’t keep up. In their line of work they have to tend to everything all the while smiling because “serving customers come first” and “customers are always right.”Jungkook is sure that whoever made those fucking mottos never worked in retail. It’s probably some jerk human resources punk who never stepped foot in a store because he looked good on paper and fuck that guy.The holidays are the worst for businesses like this. Jungkook dreads the holidays with all of the stupid special promotions, the damn turkeys, everyone complaining about something and did he mention all the fucking turkeys.Thank goodness it’s the new year and he won’t have to deal with that bullshit for a while. It’s almost nine at night when he’s finally able to go on break and he sits in the back, phone in hand. He presses the home button, the screen lights up, but there are no messages or missed calls. He unlocks it anyway and opens the message app. Yoongi’s name is at the top of the list - the last message from last night. Jimin’s name is beneath. Nothing new from him either. How disappointing, Jungkook thinks, recalling the scene from the night before. He gets up, tucking his phone back into his pocket and walks down the aisles, pondering what to eat, settling on a hot pocket again. As he reenters the back and rips the packaging open, he stops. There’s a mirror mounted on one wall. He stares at his reflection, looking his body up and down, Jimin’s voice resonating loud, “He’s not the piece of ass he used to be.”Jungkook runs a palm across his belly, there’s just the slightest pooch, but it’s enough to draw a scowl out of him. He lifts his chin, prods at the skin under his jaw, turning sideways and sighs, chagrined. He tosses the hot pocket into the trash and spends the rest of his lunch scrolling through social media.The rest of the night goes by pretty quietly and he’s grateful because he’s so ready to go home. Home. Oh crap, he didn’t even think about it until now. What the hell is he going to do?-“Thanks for letting me stay here,” Jungkook says and Yoongi throws a cushion at him. “Shut up, dude. Why are you thanking me? You’re my best friend. Of course you can stay with me as long as you have to,” Yoongi states, “and by that I mean that after a while, you’re gonna have to start paying rent.”Jungkook smiles, squishing the cushion in his lap. Yoongi hears Jungkook’s stomach growl a little. “You hungry? I think I can still order room service.”Jungkook shakes his head. “I’m good, thanks. Gonna head to bed, actually. Pretty tired. Goodnight, Yoon-yoon.”Yoongi rolls his eyes with a grin. He told Jungkook to stop calling him that even though he kind of likes it, thinks it’s cute, but shh, Jungkook can never know. * * * 
January 3, 2017
 Yoongi understands not being hungry when you’re upset, but the kid’s got to eat something. He hasn’t seen him eat anything since Sunday. Yeah, they both go to work so maybe Jungkook eats then, but still. Something doesn’t seem right. * * * 
January 5, 2017
 “Dude, have you eaten yet?” Yoongi asks, trying to see if Jungkook will lie. He’s been keeping track of him for the last three days, even keeping track of what’s in his fridge and pantry. Nothing’s been touched. “Yeah,” Jungkook replies casually.What are you doing to yourself, Yoongi thinks. * * * J anuary 6, 2017 “Jungkook,” Yoongi says.The younger lifts his gaze from his phone. “Yeah?”“Why are you not eating?” he deadpans.Jungkook looks almost shocked. “What are you talking about?”It hurts Yoongi to see Jungkook like this. “Stop lying. I’ve been watching you. You don’t eat. I’ve asked your coworkers too.”Jungkook’s jaw clenches. Well, he can’t really argue with that and while he thinks of something to say to placate the elder, Yoongi speaks again, “Let’s go.”Before Jungkook has a chance to protest, Yoongi is on his feet, tugging at the younger’s wrist. -Yoongi brings Jungkook to a yakiniku restaurant. Everything smells so damn good, Jungkook’s stomach murmurs a bit in need of satiation and he wants it to just shut up.“Why are we here?” Jungkook questions, a bit uncomfortable.“Show me that you eat. Then I won’t bring it up anymore.”Jungkook lets out a small sigh. Maybe he can eat just a little. -Yoongi keeps shoving food onto Jungkook’s plate, telling him to eat and when Jungkook tells him that he’s had enough, the elder dismisses it as nonsense and begins feeding him himself. “I’m not a baby, Yoon-yoon.”“Ah, enough of Yoon-yoon,” Yoongi nags, smirking.“You know you like it. Now stop shoving your meat in my mouth,” Jungkook grins. Yoongi cocks a brow. “Careful, someone can take that out of context, Kook.”The younger laughs until his nose scrunches. He forces himself to stomach more to appease Yoongi until the other is finally satisfied. Jungkook tells Yoongi that he’s going to use the restroom while they wait for the check. Once inside, he slams the stall door shut and locks it. Staring at the toilet, he lifts the seat carefully and crouches in front of it. He feels sick, not having eaten in days and to be filled all of a sudden just isn’t right. He needs to purge, needs to get this out of him. It’s not right. He needs to be thinner. He needs to be. Jungkook’s never forced himself to vomit before, but having all this food in him is making him feel gross so he slides a finger into the back of his throat and finds that his gag reflex is overly sensitive because he’s barely grazed it when everything comes spewing out in a chunky mess. Yes, that’s it. More.He coughs a little from the burn and shoves his finger back in there to get the rest out. His stomach contracts and it hurts, but it feels so damn good. It begins. * * * 
January 7, 2017
 Jimin hasn’t tried to call yet. Jungkook is getting anxious. He had high hopes for today because he knows that his husband is off, but when there’s not even a single message and the day’s almost done, he feels a weight loom over him. He needs to eat.Yoongi passes Jungkook’s room, peering in through the darkness, only seeing the light from Jungkook’s phone’s screen dimly illuminating his face. He knows Jimin didn’t call. Not with that look on Jungkook’s face. Yoongi contemplates going in there, but decides against it. Jungkook waits until Yoongi is asleep to sneak into the kitchen and munch on everything he finds appetizing. It doesn’t take long for him to finish it all. He hides the trash under some loosely crumpled tissues.Much better.Though soon after, he’s regretting it all, finding himself crouched before the toilet. He closes the door, locks it quietly, and sends a finger into his throat. He hopes that Yoongi doesn’t hear.  * * * 
January 9, 2017
 Jungkook blindly slaps his hand around the bed in search of his phone. The incessant ringing pulls him from his slumber and damn it, who’s calling this early? With much effort, he brings the phone to his face and tries to see the name displayed on the screen. He has to blink a few times and rub his left eye before he’s finally able to make out ‘Manggaetteok’. Before he can stop himself, he’s swiping to the right and putting the phone to his ear with an overeager, “Hello?” His voice is a little scratchy from the vomit.“Kookie,” Jimin says, soft.Jungkook waits for Jimin to say more and presses the phone harder against the shell of his ear the longer the silence draws out.“Where are you?”“Yoongi’s.”Jungkook can picture the face Jimin is probably making, knowing how much he didn’t like Yoongi even before all of that crap went down. “Come home,” is the last thing Jimin says before hanging up.-Jungkook is hesitant as he enters their condo for the first time in nine days. He’s half hoping that Jimin isn’t home and to his relief, he isn’t, and sets his backpack against the closet in their room, laying in their bed and damn, it smells like Jimin. He’s missed that scent. He nestles his face into the sheets, tangling himself in the blanket and scoots over to his side of the bed.  Jimin comes home earlier than usual that night. He sees Jungkook’s shoes in the entryway and is a little surprised that he actually came home. With a sigh, he makes his way to the room. He can tell the lamp is on from the dull orange light shining into the hall and braces himself for the awkward conversation about to take place.When he enters, he opens his mouth to speak even though he’s unsure of what to say, but pauses because Jungkook is already asleep. Jimin softens. He makes his way over to Jungkook’s side of the bed and kneels beside him. He studies the other’s face for a long time, taking a finger to stroke gently across his forehead, pushing his bangs back. Jimin counts the beauty spots freckled across Jungkook’s beautiful face and before getting up to do some more work, plants a kiss on the tip of his nose. * * * 
January 10, 2017
 Jimin is gone by the time Jungkook wakes up. He goes to work as usual. Yoongi calls on his break to ask how it went with Jimin. He tells him everything is fine. Yoongi knows he’s lying.Jungkook scarfs down much more than his stomach should take. It comes out not long after.He tries to stay awake that night, waiting for Jimin to come home, but it ends up getting too late and he can’t fight the drowsiness any longer. * * * 
January 14, 2017
 It’s the first weekend since he’s come back. That means he’s going to have to face Jimin.Jungkook sets an alarm for six that morning and catches Jimin getting ready to leave. Of course.“Going to work?” he asks, as if he doesn’t know.“Yeah,” Jimin replies blandly.“Have a good day, I guess.”Jimin stops fidgeting with his tie to look at Jungkook who has his back to him and opens his mouth. He wants to say something, but he doesn’t know what and it makes him feel so small because he fucked up and he can’t fix it. He can’t even find words to offer his husband to make this okay so he runs to the office and immerses himself in work because it makes him feel better about himself, like he has a reason to not be able to speak. He’s hiding and the worse part is that he doesn’t realize the toll that it’s taking on Jungkook. * * * 
Their days repeat like this. It goes on for months. 
Jungkook starts withdrawing from everyone. He’s been calling in sick, even using up all of his vacation. He doesn’t want to work, doesn’t want to deal with people, doesn’t want to hear another person ask him if he’s okay.Because he’s not okay. He’s married. To the love of his life. And they are not okay.They barely speak. It’s awful and embarrassing how awkward their interactions are. Jimin can’t find the gall to apologize or say more than a few words at a time. Jungkook doesn’t bother waking up early anymore. He’s come to terms with Jimin running off to the office and god knows where. He’s probably sleeping with some intern or getting wasted at some hole-in-the-wall bar or both.Jungkook forces himself to work. The binging has stopped. Mostly because he can’t look at himself in the mirror without seeing something disgusting. He blames himself for Jimin’s absence. Maybe if he were more attractive - skinnier - Jimin would pay him attention again or actually come home.Yoongi is getting worried. Jungkook doesn’t answer his calls anymore. The last thing that Jungkook told him was that he was tired, really fucking tired.  * * * 
May 5, 2017
 
6:47 pm
Yoongi shows up to Jungkook’s workplace, beelines for the customer service counter. He freezes when Jungkook turns around because he almost doesn’t recognize him. Jungkook’s cheeks are sunken in, purple bruises under his eyes, and even under the uniform and the long sleeve shirt he’s wearing, Yoongi can tell there’s not much there.“Jungkook,” slips from his lips.Jungkook is shocked to see Yoongi, wants to hide, but he doesn’t. He can’t really run like he used to.Yoongi is furious and dumbfounded and sick. He spots a manager pass and calls him out. “How can you let your employees get like this?” he snaps, gesturing at Jungkook.“Sir, could you calm down, please?”“Like hell I’m gonna calm down. Do you see him? He’s a fucking twig. How can you not get him help?” Yoongi knows his anger is misplaced and that it’s not this dude’s fault, but he needs to yell at someone.“Sir, if you don’t lower your voice and stop cursing, I’m going to have you escorted outside.”“Do it! Look, dude. All I’m asking is that you take care of Jungkook. He’s not fucking okay.”As promised, security escorts him outside. Yoongi whips his arm from the guy and glares. 
8:32 pm
He waits in his car until Jungkook finishes work, spotting his friend emerge from the automatic doors, slow and unsteady. It makes Yoongi sick. He gets out of the car and calls Jungkook’s name. At first, it seems like Jungkook wants to pretend not to hear, but it’s not like he can resist Yoongi if it came down to it so he turns his way.“Kook,” Yoongi starts as he jogs over to his friend. Even in the dull light of the parking lot he can see just how beaten Jungkook is.“Let’s go for a ride,” he says, linking one arm around Jungkook’s. He doesn’t mention how nonexistent he feels.Yoongi drives around for a bit, letting the silence coax Jungkook into talking. He ends up easing him into it.“You haven’t been answering my calls.”“Sorry,” is all Jungkook says. He keeps his head low. Yoongi finds it heartbreaking. Jungkook used to look out the window at everything as they pass, letting the wind grace his face, laughing into the night. “It’s okay. Just answer from now on, yeah?”“Okay,” Jungkook’s voice cracks; it’s raspier than Yoongi remembers.Yoongi doesn’t want to overwhelm Jungkook, but he needs to push him. Just a little. “Let’s eat.”Jungkook’s not hungry. Yoongi takes them to a restaurant anyway. It takes a little negotiating to get Jungkook out of the car, but he reluctantly listens.People gawk as they make their way through the restaurant. Jungkook shies under their eyes, Yoongi glowers at them in defense. They reach their table and Jungkook faces away from the hostess who tells them that their server will be right with them. When she comes, Yoongi orders for the both of them - something he knows Jungkook likes. While waiting for the food, he takes the chance to examine Jungkook’s features - broken capillaries sprinkled around his eyes. He’s been purging again. “Kook.”Jungkook doesn’t look up.“Please stop doing this to yourself.”He doesn’t answer.“Kook, I miss you. Your Yoon-yoon misses you,” Yoongi says, “Please look at me.”It takes a moment, but Jungkook lifts his chin and meets Yoongi’s gaze. Yoongi offers a smile. Jungkook doesn’t smile back and it hurts, though Yoongi would never admit it. “Whatever you eat tonight, lets not throw up, yeah?” he says quietly so only they can hear. It’s no surprise when Jungkook doesn’t reply.Their food comes, Yoongi thanks the server. Jungkook manages bites, but it’s not like before. “Jungkook-ah.”Jungkook chews slowly, lets their eyes lock again. “Talk to me, please.”“About?”Yoongi doesn’t like the lack of vivacity in his tone. It kind of scares him.“Kook, you need help.”Jungkook shakes his head, “With?”“You’re sick. You don’t eat. You throw up what you do,” Yoongi realizes that he’s speaking louder than intended and gives the room a scan before lowering his voice. “Have you seen yourself?”“Yeah, I’m ugly. I’m trying to fix it.”Silence falls between them. Yoongi just stares at his friend who is dissipating right before him. He wants to help, to hold Jungkook and tell him that he’s beautiful, but not like this. This is an entirely different monster and Yoongi isn’t prepared to handle it. “Why are you saying that? You’re most definitely not ugly.”“You have to say that. You’re my friend.”“Yeah, I’m your friend. That means that I tell you the truth. And you, Jeon Jungkook, are illegally handsome. You know what they say, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it,” Yoongi says, smiling. Jungkook picks at the egg on his plate, choosing to not listen. Yoongi’s smile drops.“Kook, you’re hurting yourself. I don’t want to see you like this.”“So I am ugly.”“Stop saying that. You’re sick and you need help. Please, let me help you. Why are you doing this?”Jungkook shuts down. 
9:51 pm
They both don’t finish their meals. Yoongi presses a hand gently into Jungkook’s back, guiding him back to the car, refusing to let him go the restroom where he knows something horrible will take place and he wonders how Jimin can let this happen. 
10:09 pm
“I’m fine. Just take me home.”“No,” Yoongi shoots.“This is called kidnapping.”Yoongi rolls his eyes and takes him to his place anyway.“Don’t make me drag your ass up there ‘cause I will.”-Thank goodness Yoongi’s apartment is only on the third floor because the elevator is out of order and Jungkook struggles to make it upstairs. He collapses onto the couch. Yoongi pauses, taking him in, the full breadth of what is happening hits him full force. He studies Jungkook - so fucking small and breakable. “Kook,” he says softly, making his way over to sit beside him.“I’m fine, really,” Jungkook assures with a feigned smile. Yoongi sees right through him.“Why are you doing this to yourself?”“I’m not doing anything wrong. I’m just watching my weight.”“What weight? You’re all bones, dude.” Yoongi settles back into cushions when he feels himself getting worked up. “Sorry, I just- I haven’t seen you in months and we don’t talk anymore and then I finally see you and you’re…not well,” Yoongi trails off. His eyes fall to the slack of Jungkook’s jeans. His legs don’t fill out the fabric like they used to. His gaze trickles up Jungkook’s frail arm to his shirt hanging off of hunched shoulders, revealing a protruding collarbone.“Really, you gonna stare too?”Yoongi snaps his focus up to meet the younger’s eyes - they’re desperate and Yoongi can’t hold back anymore. He pulls Jungkook into his chest, wraps his arms around his shoulders. Jungkook doesn’t fight, instead lifts his own arms to tuck around Yoongi. It’s been so long since he’s been held. Jungkook rests his cheek on Yoongi’s shoulder and feels the elder press closer. “Yoon,” Jungkook’s voice breaks. “I just want to look good again. Jimin said I wasn’t attractive anymore.” Yoongi can hear the notch in Jungkook’s throat as he tries not to cry. He strokes a calm hand over Jungkook’s hair and it feels so nice. “Kook, he didn’t mean it. He was drunk and jealous.”Even if that’s true, it does nothing to convince Jungkook that Jimin wasn't right, that he isn’t what he used to be. “Stop doing this to yourself, okay?” Yoongi coos. Jungkook lets one tear slip, then another, until he’s bawling into Yoongi’s chest and it’s all too familiar. He inhales sharp between cries, unable to speak, but he tries and Yoongi shushes him to bed. 
10:58 pm
Yoongi waits until Jungkook is asleep before snatching his phone and scrolling through the contact list. It takes him about five minutes to finally find Jimin’s number because damn it, Jungkook decided to be all cutesy and put him under Manggaetteok. He hits the call button. It rings a few times before a groggy voice comes, “Kookie?”“This is Yoongi,” he says. “Don’t hang up. I wanted to let you know that Jungkook is crashing here tonight.”There’s a pause then Jimin asks why and Yoongi tells him that he was worried because Jungkook hadn’t been answering his calls and that he should worried too.“You didn’t answer my question. Why is Jungkook staying at your place? Did he ask you to pick him up? Did he want to stay there?”Yoongi pauses this time. “Well, no, but I-”“Then maybe you should stop butting into people’s business. Did you fucking force him or something? You know what, I’m coming to get him.”“Jimin, just listen. I came to check on him at work and it got me even more worried because of how sick he is.”“He’s not sick. What are you talking about?”Oh my god, this dude is either a fucking idiot or he really is a negligent asshole that doesn’t deserve Jungkook.“Not sick? What have you been doing for the last four months? Do you not see your own husband? He’s starving himself because of you.”“Don’t talk to me about my husband. Stop fucking interfering with things you have no business in. You hear me? You drop Jungkook off here tomorrow morning or I’m calling the police. And don’t fucking talk to him anymore.”The line goes dead. Yoongi sets the phone onto the table with a sigh.  * * * 
May 8, 2017
 “Kook, wake up.”Jungkook flips over, lids lifting open and remembers that he’s not in his own bed.“Yoon?”“We gotta go. Jimin is pretty pissed with me.”Jungkook scrunches his brows in confusion, eyes still struggling to stay open. “Huh? You talked to Jimin?”“Yeah, I sorta borrowed your phone and told him you were here and long story short, he doesn’t want me talking to you anymore.”“Maybe it’s ‘cause you kidnapped me,” Jungkook sleepily jokes and Yoongi smiles.The car ride is relatively quiet, mostly because Jungkook is still not fully awake. Yoongi stops by a drive-thru and gets them something to eat on the way to Jungkook’s. He hopes the younger will eat it this time and actually hold it down. -Jungkook looks out the window at the front door to their building for a minute. Part of him wants to stay here with Yoongi, but he knows he can’t so he opens the door and takes a step out, shutting it behind him. Yoongi rolls the window down, leaning over the middle console to look at the younger. Jungkook smiles at him.“Thanks, Yoon-Yoon,” he says, holding the paper bag up.“Eat it,” Yoongi says with a smile. Jungkook starts making his way toward the entrance when Yoongi yells, “And I’m not gonna stop talking to you! BFF means forever, dude!”Jungkook doesn’t turn, but Yoongi knows he’s grinning.-Jungkook doesn’t know why a small part of him was expecting to see Jimin waiting for him. Why ask me to be home if you’re never home, he thinks. He hovers in the bedroom for a long moment, the pile of laundry and everything else he’s asked Jimin to refrain from doing mocks him and he doesn’t even have it in him to get mad. He just shrugs it off and catches his reflection in the mirrored closet door. He doesn’t want to look; every time he does, he only sees disappointment. His attention falls to the paper bag in his right hand and he goes to toss it in the trash, but Yoongi’s voice is in the back of his mind, “Eat it,” and Yoongi’s smile flashes, bright and reassuring.  * * * 
May 14, 2017
 Yoongi’s words repeat over and over in Jimin’s head and it scares him. Has he been that blind? Sure Jungkook’s lost some weight, but people lose weight all the time, right?Wrong.He needs to make this right. He still hasn’t apologized for New Year’s eve. He’s been meaning to of course, but you know, he’s been overwhelmed with work and life gets in the way of things - things that should take precedence, like your fucking husband and god, Jimin you’re such an ass. His fist finds the nearest wall and he mentally curses himself out for being too much of a pansy to admit that he did anything wrong because he’s been living these last how many months like they’re okay, but they’re so obviously not okay. They barely speak. When they do, it’s concise and unimportant. Jimin doesn’t notice if Jungkook has the same problem of not being able to look the other in the eye because well, he hasn’t so much as glanced his way, always busying himself with a newspaper, his phone, anything really.Sometimes he’ll pretend to not notice how thin Jungkook feels when they bump in the night. Or that Jungkook’s voice is unusually strained and why does the bathroom always smell like vomit?It’s just easier to hide.But Yoongi is right, he should be worried. * * * 
May 15, 2017
 Jimin decides to surprise Jungkook by coming home extra early today. He wants to fix this, needs to fix this.He clicks the door shut quietly behind him, sneaks stealthily toward the bedroom, placing his briefcase in the hall. He peeks his head into the doorway only to find the room empty. “Hmm?” He looks around before tiptoeing to the living room and still no Jungkook. He pulls the flowers from behind his back and places them on the dining table when he hears faint sobbing and follows the sound to the closed bathroom door.Slowly, he pushes it open to find Jungkook slouched over the toilet seat, hanging half off, crying into his sleeves. “Jungkook,” Jimin says, eyes wide. He rushes to his love’s side, pulling him close and Jungkook tries to resist at first, but gives in when Jimin sits on the floor. Jimin doesn’t know what to do, frantically observing the sight before him - remnants of vomit dot along the seat, Jungkook letting himself be completely swallowed by this bout. Jimin feels his tiny frame shaking in his arms, runs a hand to calm across Jungkook’s back, shocked by the lack of muscle and how thin his skin feels over the bone. Yoongi was right.Jimin is mortified at how bad this has gotten, disgusted with himself for not even realizing it. This has been happening under his roof for how long and he’s only noticing now? He feels nauseous and hurt and irate. How could he let this happen? How could he do this to the love of his life?“I’m so sorry,” is all Jimin can get out.“I am so sorry, baby. I never meant to hurt you. All I’ve been doing was hurting you from the start. I’ve been a shit husband and I am so sorry, honey.”Jimin feels tears well up in his eyes and he tries to hold them back, but they don’t listen. Jungkook is clawing at him, sobbing so hard that Jimin almost falls backward. “Please don’t do this to yourself anymore. I’m so sorry.”Jimin buries his face into Jungkook’s hair and rocks them both. “So so sorry,” he cries.“I will be better, I promise. I love you so much. I’m so sorry.” * * * 
September 1, 2017
 “You should try the chocolate cake, it’s orgasmic.”Jungkook knows that voice. He turns to find Yoongi beaming down at him as he approaches their table and smiles so wide his nose scrunches. “I didn’t know you were working tonight.”“I’m not,” Yoongi says, exchanging a glance with Jimin who grins, “I invited him.”Jungkook bounces a little with excitement when Yoongi takes the seat to his left.“Well, happy birthday to me.”-They don’t talk about the struggle and the therapy and the tears, lots of tears. Jimin is just glad to see Jungkook getting back to where he was, back to his healthy self. But the most important thing is that he’s happy and if that means having to manage a dinner with Yoongi, then so be it.Besides, the guy turns out to be not so bad after all.It doesn’t hurt that the chocolate cake is pretty orgasmic.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



