



Sensory - Duskglass - wanpanman One-Punch Man
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Sensory
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/5536943.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
ワンパンマン | One-Punch Man
Relationship:
genos/saitama
Character:
Genos (One-Punch Man), Saitama (One-Punch Man)
Additional Tags:
Pre-Relationship, Accidental Stimulation, wireplay, Asexual Character, do not repost to other sites/apps
Stats:

        Published: 2015-12-26
          Completed: 2015-12-29
          Chapters: 2/2
        Words: 5476
      

Sensory
by Duskglass
Summary
Genos needs some minor repairs after a fight, and is positive he can handle them on his own. It's a little harder than he anticipated.




Chapter 1
Chapter Notes
For varethane.

        See the end of the chapter for more notes




Genos twisted in front of the mirror, trying to get a better look at the damage to his back armour. The monster's blow had hit right across his spine-- he had to be careful when it came to spine damage as there were a lot of major wires and cables in that area, but it didn't look like there was any cause for concern this time. The blow hadn't even penetrated the armour, and Genos hadn't had any trouble running back to Z-city.

Saitama stuck his head around the door. 'Hey, Genos, are you almost done? Cause I could start dinner if you need more time...'

'No, sensei, it's my turn to cook tonight.' Genos pulled on a fresh shirt and stood up. 'It isn't any trouble-- I just need to replace the armour, and that can wait until after we've eaten.'

'Huh.' Saitama stood aside to let Genos into the kitchen. 'You can do that on your own?'

'Of course, sensei.' Genos set a frying pan on the stove. 'You have seen me exchange parts before.'

'Your arms, yeah,' said Saitama. 'Your back's probably a lot harder to... Wait, you're not gonna tell me you can like... put your head on backwards...'

Genos stared at him for a long moment, the look on his face one of profound disdain. 'Don't be ridiculous, Saitama-sensei.' He retrieved the groceries from the fridge. 'It would be a problem if I couldn't do that sort of minor replacement on my own,' he added dismissively. 'It is so easy I could do it with my eyes closed.'

Saitama shrugged, leaning against the doorway to watch Genos cook. It was a couple minutes before he spoke again. 'So when you get, uh, damaged... does it hurt?'

Genos raised an eyebrow, puzzled by the question. 'Why do you ask?'

'Well, you don't look hurt, but if you were actually in pain I'd feel pretty weird standing around letting you make dinner like nothing's wrong.'

'I see.' Genos swept the chopped vegetables into the frying pan and set the knife back on the counter before looking towards Saitama. 'The input from my artificial nerves is converted into sensations my central nervous system can comprehend,' he explained. 'Damage is interpreted as pain, though the degree of pain I feel automatically scales to a tolerable level, and I can disable those receptors entirely.'

Saitama blinked. 'You can turn it off?'

'Yes, sensei, that is correct. Doctor Kuseno designed my sensory systems so that I can control the pain receptors independently; this way I can turn them down while maintaining regular sensory input.'

'Huh.' Saitama watched with mild interest as Genos stirred the vegetables. 'Guess it makes sense that you'd need to be able to feel stuff.'

Genos nodded. 'I require regular sensory input to be able to interact normally with my surroundings. Even my plating contains sufficient sensors to allow me to detect fairly subtle changes in pressure and temperature.'

'That's... pretty amazing.' Saitama paused, waiting until Genos turned away before reaching out and very gently poking his shoulder plate.

Genos didn't even glance at him. 'Sensei, if you are interested in the exact technical specifications of my pressure sensors I would be happy to provide you with the relevant data and schematics. In the meantime, please stop touching me like that. It's distracting.'

Saitama snorted softly, but he respected the request, returning to the main room and switching on the television. He wasn't in the mood for watching the news, so he flipped around until he found a station playing reruns of some old vaguely-familiar anime. It wasn't particularly engaging, but it was better than nothing.

The smell of Genos's cooking permeated the air as he waited, making his mouth water. Saitama wasn't a bad cook, but he only knew a handful of simple and cheap recipes, while Genos seemed to enjoy experimenting. Saitama suspected his roommate sometimes bought expensive spices and seasonings to try, and while he wasn't comfortable with Genos spending money on him, he couldn't exactly protest Genos adding things he liked to their shared meals-- he knew Genos could taste, but not to what extent, and if his taste sensors were less effective than a regular human's he might prefer more flavourful food for that reason...

That made Saitama feel a little guilty for being so cheap. He looked towards the kitchen window, where he could see Genos at the stove. 'Hey, Genos, can you still get hungry?'

Genos blinked at him. 'Yes, sensei. I do still need to eat, of course, so Doctor Kuseno considered it beneficial for me to feel hunger. For this reason, he also ensured I could still enjoy food as a human would.'

'...You're a pretty good cook, you know.'

Genos suddenly looked embarassed-- he didn't blush, but he probably would have if he still had real skin. 'You think so, sensei?'

'Yeah, sure. Especially since--' Saitama broke off before he could mention Genos's youth, suddenly aware that this topic could easily remind Genos of his lost family. '--since you're so dedicated to your mission. But you still have time for this.'

Genos smiled. 'Of course, sensei. It is an honour to do this for someone as great as you.'

Saitama flushed and looked back at the television to hide his embarassment. Genos joined him at the table several minutes later, bringing two bowls of fried rice and two cups of Saitama's favourite green tea. The food was delicious as always, but this time Saitama made sure to tell Genos how much he appreciated it, because it seemed important and apparently Genos needed to hear it.

Once they finished eating, Saitama excused himself to take a bath-- he insisted that he'd take care of the dishes, but Genos ignored the offer and cleaned up anyway, storing the leftover rice in the fridge. It was only after that was done that he retrieved his tools and replacement parts from the closet, sitting down in front of the mirror and removing his shirt again.

It didn't take him long to strip off the damaged outer armour, first the row of overlapping spine plates and then the pieces that covered the rest of his back. With the underlying components exposed, he could see that the cables that served as artificial muscles across his back were undamaged, but a few of the wires and artificial nerves that ran along the spinal column were frayed, possibly due to friction from the damaged plates.

Genos frowned with concentration; his diagnostics still weren't picking up any problems in the area but he knew that this sort of damage would cause trouble later if he neglected to repair it now. It would take a little more time than simply replacing the armour, but it was still a relatively easy repair-- or it should have been, but it was almost impossible to see what he was doing even with the aid of the mirror, and it was very difficult to do entirely by feel even with the touch-sensors in his fingertips set to maximum sensitivity...

He was still struggling with the wires when Saitama shuffled back in, having finished his bath. 'Huh... still working?'

'Yes, sensei,' said Genos shortly, irritated with himself for taking so long.

Saitama started towards his futon, pausing halfway across the room to watch for a moment. It was strange to see Genos without the outer layer of plating; the armour created the illusion that there could be a normal body underneath, and while Saitama could never quite forget that Genos was all machine, it was always a little disconcerting to see it for himself...

Genos almost fumbled the pliers, feeling self-conscious under his sensei's blank stare. He twisted to glare back over his shoulder, but Saitama didn't look away. 'You sure you got this? I thought you'd be done by now.'

'I did not anticipate that there would be damage to the wiring, given that I did not experience any malfunctions. However, it would be foolish to disregard the damage simply because it is not currently causing trouble.'

'Hm, makes sense.' Saitama sat down next to him, leaning over to peer at the cables. 'So do you need help?'

Genos looked as though he really wanted to answer no, but that would be too obvious a lie. '...Possibly. Do you have any experience with electric wiring, sensei?'

'Nothing like this,' Saitama responded. 'I did some part-time jobs in construction so I've seen a bit of it.'

Genos nodded. 'I will tell you what to do. It should be easy for someone like you, Saitama-sensei.'

Saitama couldn't entirely suppress a wince as he recalled the last time Genos had made a similar declaration-- just before they'd received the results from the hero exam. Genos had lived up to his boast with a perfect score, while Saitama had only barely passed. He hoped Genos wasn't grossly overestimating his skills again, because the functionality of his friend's body seemed a far bigger stake than a simple test score...

But it was too late to take back the offer to help, so Saitama picked up the pliers and shifted to sit behind Genos. 'Okay. What now?'

Genos began to explain, describing the configuration of cables and wires with perfect accuracy despite not being able to see. Saitama found that there was little potential for error as long as he followed Genos's meticulous instructions, and as he worked he began to relax, believing that maybe he could do this after all...

Saitama's fingers brushed a cluster of nerves and Genos suddenly stiffened with a muffled grunt, cables tensing across his back. Saitama quickly withdrew his hand. 'Ah-- did I hurt you?'

'N-no.' Genos took a deep breath-- what the hell had just happened? 'It felt... strange. Please continue, sensei; we must complete the repairs.'

He started running diagnostics as Saitama hesitantly went back to work, but it was a struggle to focus on the results when he was suddenly very aware of Saitama's hands so close to his spinal nerves. The usual gentle humming of his Core quickened, pumping extra energy through his body; this was a familiar sensation but it had only ever occurred in battle before. There was no reason for such a response at a time like this; all it did was make him feel even more uncomfortably warm. He exhaled, venting enough steam to fog the mirror in front of him.

The heat would have been enough to harm an ordinary human, but Saitama could withstand a full blast from his incineration cannons unscathed-- Genos grit his teeth and hoped Saitama wouldn't comment, but--

'Hey Genos...' Saitama waved a hand through the air. 'I didn't mess up your cooling systems, did I?'

'No, sensei,' Genos gasped, struggling to keep his voice even. 'You are doing fine. I will... run diagnostics to determine the cause of the problem.' But he doubted diagnostics would help; he already knew that his cooling systems were working exactly as intended, and none of the wires Saitama currently had access to should be able to affect his Core... 'Just keep going, sensei,' he mumbled when Saitama's hands remained still.

'If you're sure,' Saitama said doubtfully, but he did as Genos suggested and unplugged another damaged wire, sorting through the replacements Genos had given him for the correct one.

Genos cooled off a little as Saitama worked away from his back, but a fresh wave of heat pulsed through his body the moment the fingers touched his spine again, even more unbearable than before. He hissed out another breath, steam whistling faintly through his teeth, and he pressed a forearm across his stomach and bit his lip as though that could stop the sensation from spreading. Growing horror dug at the back of his mind as he flashed back to the handful of very uncomfortable lessons he'd endured in school...

He had given up his human body at fifteen. Plenty of teenagers that age were already sexually active, or at least experimenting on their own, but Genos had never felt sexually attracted towards anyone-- the pinup magazines and erotic manga his classmates occasionally smuggled in had never interested him, and crushes were something that happened to other people. He'd been a studious loner with no close friends, and he'd abruptly turned down the first girl who had worked up the courage to confess; this attitude had made him unpopular and solidified his reputation of being 'cold', but he'd never cared about popularity.

Saitama's fingers brushed close to the wires again and Genos pressed his eyes tightly closed. This couldn't be happening; he cared deeply for his master but surely he would have noticed if it was in that way; he hadn't thought about sex at all since becoming a cyborg, apart from one very awkward (and quickly aborted) conversation in which Doctor Kuseno had offered to look into developing functioning prosthetic genitalia. Such things were irrelevant to his mission of revenge-- he would never have thought this body could experience arousal anyway, when his human body hadn't exactly done a great job of it, either...

Besides, Saitama wasn't interested in men-- would he throw Genos out if he realised what was going on, if Genos dared to allow himself to enjoy--

The strangled whimper escaped him before he could stop it, and Saitama's hands froze on his back. 'Genos... this really doesn't seem normal. You sure you're okay?'

'Y-ye--' Genos began, but it would be a horrible lie and he knew he had to get out of there now. 'No, you're right, I'm not. That's enough repairs for tonight, please leave.'

Saitama blinked at him. '...You're kidding, right? You've got wires hanging out all over the place, and even I know you can't just leave it open like this.'

'I will finish fixing it on my own, thank you for all your help, sensei, I can--'

'Maybe I should call your doctor,' Saitama interrupted. 'You're acting really str--'

'No! No, that won't be necessary, please just-- just give me a minute.'

Saitama sighed. 'Okay, fine. I'll just get this last bit plugged in, and--'

Genos tried to protest, but the wires connected before he could get any words out-- and this time the wave of sensation was too much to suppress. His back arched against the hands with their fingers still caught in his wires and the back of his head hit Saitama's shoulder as an obscene moan escaped his throat, but he hardly had the mental capacity to care anymore as the sensory malfunction tore through him, almost painful in its intensity and completely foreign yet strangely euphoric...

His eyes glitched as he gasped for air, and when his vision finally settled he found himself staring up at Saitama's face-- Saitama was flushed, his eyes wide and unusually bright. '...Whoa.'



Chapter End Notes
I wanted to write a wireplay oneshot but this fic kept wanting to be other things too, so it ended up a lot longer than I expected. It's not really a oneshot anymore, and I'm okay with that.
Part 2 coming soon!


Chapter 2
Chapter Notes

        See the end of the chapter for  notes




For a moment, Genos just stared up at Saitama-- if he'd had a heart it would have been racing, and his Core seemed to be trying its hardest to replicate the sensation.

'Ss... sensei...'

'That was...' Saitama cleared his throat. 'Genos. You, uh...'

Genos realised he was still leaning heavily against Saitama and quickly sat up as though he'd been electrocuted. 'I'm sorry, sensei. I have to go.'

Saitama grabbed his wrist as he started to get up; Genos lost his balance and crashed back to the floor. 'No, we need to talk, and it would be really uncomfortable if I had to chase you right now.'

Genos covered his face, venting steam. 'Sensei, please...'

Saitama touched his shoulder. 'It's fine, Genos. I'm not... mad, or anything.' How could he be mad, after--? He quickly dropped his hand. '...I didn't know you could even... do that.'

'I didn't either,' Genos mumbled. 'This has never happened before.'

Saitama blinked. 'Wait, do you mean... just with this body, or...?' Genos didn't say anything, so Saitama rubbed a hand over his face and continued. 'Was this your, uh... your first time?'

Genos was quiet for a long moment. '...Yes.'

'Ah. Okay.' Saitama paused, but he'd never been good with words and couldn't think of any way to make this any less awkward. 'Genos. Do you like me?'

That finally got Genos to look up. 'Of course I like you, sensei. I thought that was obvious. I admire your remarkable strength, and your ability to--'

'No, I mean...' Saitama waved a hand. 'You know. Sexually.'

'Oh.' Genos fidgeted. 'I'm sorry if I've made you uncomfortable, sensei. If you want me to leave--'

'Hey, I didn't say anything like that!' Saitama leaned forward a little, staring into the bright gold eyes. 'I just want you to tell me the truth, okay?'

Genos fidgeted, but there was no way he could escape; Saitama was still holding his wrist, and while Genos could have removed the arm, Saitama would just catch him again. '...It doesn't matter how I feel. I know that you are not interested in men, and I would never do anything like that on purpose. I just want to stay by your side, sensei.'

Saitama snorted faintly and ducked his head as the blush crept down his neck. '...aww man, how can you say that with a straight face?'

'I'm sorry, sensei. You asked me to tell you the truth.'

'Yeah. I did.' Saitama looked back up. 'And you still haven't answered properly.'

Genos twitched-- it seemed Saitama wasn't going to let him evade the topic. '...I think your body is beautiful, sensei,' he finally mumbled. 'Sometimes... I think that I would like to be close to you, to touch you. I do not think about sex often, but now that I consider it, I can't imagine myself in that sort of situation with anyone else. I have never been... attracted to anyone in this way before. I do not know if this is normal.'

He glanced up, nervous, but Saitama looked thoughtful and mildly interested rather than the disgust he'd feared. Saitama noticed the glance, and offered him an odd sort of half-smile. 'Well, to be honest... I can relate to that.'

Genos frowned, puzzled; Saitama loosened his grip on Genos's wrist, but he was more curious than embarassed now, and made no attempt to flee. 'How do you mean?'

Saitama regarded him thoughtfully for a moment before speaking. 'You know when I said I wasn't into dudes? What I meant was... I'm not really into anyone. I tried that stuff a few times, because, you know, it seemed like something I should want to do. But I never really understood what all the fuss was about, and when I got dumped I just... didn't really care.' He shrugged, shaking his head. 'I guess I've always been a cold sort of person...'

'I don't think so, sensei,' said Genos. 'You're very kind-- a cold person wouldn't become a hero like you did. You still want to help people, even when they're ungrateful afterwards...'

'Before you get the wrong idea-- I only became a hero because I was bored,' said Saitama. 'I'd just had a job interview and been rejected, and this monster was standing in my way, and running seemed like too much effort. The monster wasn't interested in killing me, but it was after some random kid for a stupid reason, and I stepped in because I felt tired and empty. Fighting monsters, and training to be a hero... it made me feel alive again, so I gave it everything I had. That's all there really is to it...' He noticed that Genos was giving him an odd look. 'What?'

'Saitama-sensei... have you ever been treated for depression?'

He blinked-- that hadn't been what he was expecting at all. 'No-- why, do you think I'm depressed?'

'What you described, about feeling empty... that makes me suspect so, sensei.'

'Huh.' Saitama watched Genos carefully. 'When I met you... I'd been feeling like that for a while. I achieved my goal and become strong, but I'd lost that feeling of being alive. Without any danger, any chance of failure, the fights were... boring.'

'What about now?' Genos asked softly. 'If there's anything I can do to help...'

Saitama smiled. 'You are helping, Genos. I don't really know how to get close to people, but... this is nice.'

'You don't want me to leave, even after what happened...?'

'No, of course not-- I want you to stay.' Saitama sounded almost surprised as he said it, but Genos didn't doubt that he was being honest. He took Genos's hand in his own, tracing the edges of the plates and brushing his fingers over the slightly-textured pads on the palm and fingers. 'But, about that-- did you enjoy it, Genos?'

Genos's fans whirred as he felt himself heating up again. 'I-- I didn't mean to--' Saitama raised an eyebrow, eyes flashing with amusement, and Genos sighed. '...Yes, sensei. It was... it was nice.' That was a gross understatement, but he didn't quite have the courage to admit how much he'd enjoyed it.

He suspected Saitama might have guessed, though, judging by his small smile. 'That's good. Because we've still got those repairs to finish.'

'Are you sure, sensei? I can go see Doctor Kuseno instead-- you don't have to finish, if it makes you uncomfortable.'

'Don't worry about it.' Saitama paused, letting Genos's hand slip from his grasp. 'But if you don't want to, that's okay too. I'd understand if you didn't want me touching you like that again now that we both know what it does, and I'm too old for you anyway, and--'

Genos caught Saitama's hands in his own, holding them while staring intensely into his mentor's eyes. 'Saitama-sensei.' He hesitantly rubbed his thumbs over Saitama's knuckles. 'Was it... enjoyable for you, too?'

Saitama blinked, his face going red again. 'I... well, yeah. Guilty as charged.' He fidgeted, wishing Genos would stop staring at him like that. 'So I'd understand if you're not comfortable--'

'I want you to touch me, sensei.'

'...Oh. Okay,' said Saitama lamely. 'If you're sure that's what you want.'

Genos smiled and turned to face the mirror again.

There were only a couple damaged wires left to replace-- Genos was more relaxed this time, occasionally shivering and venting steam as Saitama inserted the new wires, carefully snapping them into place. The vibrations from his Core hummed through his body; it was entirely unlike a heartbeat, but something about it felt distinctly alive-- perhaps the way it seemed to keep time with his artificial breathing, or the slight variations in response to Saitama's hands brushing across his back.

Saitama went slowly, paying attention to which nerve clusters elicited the strongest responses, but the repairs were over too quickly-- he figured Genos probably knew that, but he didn't withdraw his hands just yet. Before he could lose his nerve, he touched Genos's spine just above his belt and experimentally ran his fingers all the way up to where the wires disappeared under the flexible polymer that covered his neck.

Genos's breath hitched and his back arched. 'S-sensei!'

'Careful, Genos,' he murmured, smiling against the steaming metal shoulder as he trailed the fingers back down to touch the cluster between the shoulder blades. 'If you start calling me sensei at a time like this, I'll never be able to think of you as a student.'

Genos's gaze flicked up-- the angle seemed odd, until Saitama realised Genos was watching his face in the mirror. 'Yes, of course. I'm sorry.'

Saitama took one of the wires between his fingers, smiling at the soft surprised grunt he received in response. 'You can just use my name, you know. Kind of silly to worry about that, with how long we've been living together.'

Genos twitched, his breathing rough; the wires sent pulses of hot energy shooting the full length of his body. 'Yes... Saitama. I will try to remember.'

'And, Genos... you don't need to apologise so much.' Saitama brushed his fingers over the wires, slowly and gently touching each one, feeling a thrill of excitement at the way Genos struggled to keep in control. 'Because I think you're amazing,' he whispered.

Genos's breath hitched and his fingers scraped against the floor, leaving scorch marks in the shape of his hands; Saitama's lips brushed the back of his neck and he shivered and moaned, pressing the curve of his spine back against Saitama's hands. There was a small gasp near his ear, a quick intake of breath, and he dialed up the sensitivity of the receptors in his neck and shoulders so he could feel every inhale and exhale, every beat of Saitama's thundering pulse, physical confirmation that he truly was enjoying the experience...

The second time was even better than the first, left him breathless even though the breathing wasn't necessary, was purely one of those 'feeling human' things Doctor Kuseno considered so important. The excess heat vented from his chest and shoulders in a thick cloud of steam, tinted a hazy gold by the light that shone from between the plates of his arms, through the slits in his chest and back. He leaned against Saitama, letting himself relax completely, which felt odd until he realised he hadn't properly relaxed since becoming a cyborg, and maybe not for a while before that.

'...Thank you,' Genos murmured.

Saitama's hands moved away from his exposed spine, brushing across the cables of his back before slowly circling around his body. 'Heh... nah, I'm just happy you liked it.'

'Of course...' Genos grinned. 'I knew you would learn quickly. You're amazing, Saitama.'

Saitama went red again, ducking his head against Genos's neck so he wouldn't see-- while Genos told him he was amazing on a daily basis, this was the first time he'd used Saitama's name instead of 'sensei', and that somehow made it a lot more embarassing. 'I just... that's not really...'

'Your face is all warm,' said Genos, a hint of teasing amusement in his voice.

Saitama swore and twitched away from the smooth polymer surface. He glanced up at the mirror, where he could see Genos smirking at him. '...You can feel that, too?'

'Of course.' Genos looked very smug. 'Your heart rate a moment ago was also the highest I've ever observed; even when fighting it hardly rises above your resting rate.'

'Huh. Guess it's been a while since I felt like this.' Saitama blinked at Genos. '...Wait, you've been checking my heart rate?'

Genos nodded. 'My optical sensors allow me to detect life forms and monitor their vital signs. I thought that this might help me discover the secret of your strength, sensei, but while the data is fascinating, it hasn't been very helpful.'

Saitama sighed-- sensei again? 'I don't really have anything to teach, you know. I don't understand it any better than you do. Maybe I'm just unnatural.'

'No...' Genos looked up at him. 'I think your strength must be the most natural and purest form possible-- most people seek strength through artificial body modifications or drugs, but you became strong through hard work and willpower.'

'Still, I feel bad about not being a real teacher... like you're wasting your time here when you've got something important to do.'

'Saitama.' Genos sat up straighter, twisting to look at him. 'Even if I learned nothing from you, I could never think that you were a waste of time. Before I met you, all I cared about was finding that cyborg and destroying it in the name of justice. That is still something I must do, but I have found other things that I care about as well.' He looked away, heat spreading from his chest again. 'I'd forgotten what it was like to have a home. When you took me in, you reminded me that this is important too.'

Saitama put a hand on his head, fluffing his hair. 'Well, you kinda didn't give me a choice, with how you insisted on staying here...' Genos looked up at him with a faint distressed noise, and Saitama grinned. '...I'm glad you did, though. I've never been good at getting close to people, so... thanks, Genos.' He ducked his head forwards before Genos could reply, pressing their lips together.

Genos vented steam with a soft whistle like a boiling kettle, and Saitama felt a metal hand lightly brush the side of his face before hesitantly hovering near the back of his head, not quite touching but close enough that he could feel the heat radiating from the palm. He closed his eyes and tilted his head slightly, threading his fingers into the synthetic hair as Genos's hand trailed down his neck and came to rest on his shoulder instead.

He pulled back a moment later and Genos gasped for air, engulfing their faces in a fresh cloud of steam. 'Huh, your mouth is actually wet,' said Saitama. 'Interesting...' Genos just stared at him with a stunned look, and he smiled sheepishly. 'Ah, I guess you've never been kissed before?'

Genos nodded. '...But I liked it. You are a very good kisser.'

Saitama snorted. 'You should try it with someone else before you say that.'

'I do not want to kiss anyone else!' Genos looked scandalised at the suggestion. 'Even if they were the best in the world, it could never be as wonderful as--'

'Yeah, yeah, I get it... I'm just letting you know, in case you ever change your mind.'

'I doubt it would work anyway,' said Genos. 'My body reaches temperatures that would be problematic for an ordinary human.'

'Huh, guess that's fair.' Saitama's gaze fell on Genos's spare armour, set out earlier and forgotten. 'Oh yeah, you should finish putting your stuff on, before something accidentally gets caught in your wires.'

'Something like your fingers, sensei?' Genos asked innocently.

Saitama made a faint choking sound and gave Genos a playful shove, just enough to make him lose his balance. '...I'm gonna lay out the futons. It's not too late yet, so we can watch a movie or something.'

Genos smiled and started gathering up his tools and spare parts. 'That sounds nice.'

For months they had slept side by side, simply because there was so little space in the apartment; the gap between the futons had been small but they'd both respected it. When Genos finished reattaching the plates across his back and stood up, he immediately noticed that the gap had been eliminated. He raised an eyebrow at Saitama, who shrugged and busied himself with inserting a disc into the player, the tips of his ears turning red.

'I hope you like mysteries,' Saitama said as the menu came up. He sprawled across the futons while Genos turned out the lights, eyes glowing faintly in the dark.

'Whatever you want to watch is fine, sensei.' Genos came to sit down behind him. 'I did not watch many movies before moving in here, so I'm not entirely sure of my preferences yet.'

Saitama twisted to look up at Genos, snorting when he saw the usual stiff posture-- he tugged on Genos's arm, pulling him into a more natural position. 'Didn't you do anything for fun?'

'...I think I just studied a lot,' Genos mumbled as Saitama tugged one of his arms so it lay over his side.

Saitama pressed the play button and the opening titles started, but a moment later he tapped Genos's wrist. 'What do you mean, you think?'

Genos fidgeted, his fingers curling into a fist against the futon in front of Saitama's chest. 'I do not remember very well.' Saitama's fingers brushed the back of his hand, and he forced it open again as he continued, his voice very soft. 'For a while it was too painful to think about, and now... when I try to remember, it feels like those things happened to someone else.'

'...Ah.' Saitama turned the hand over, rubbing his thumb over the palm. 'I'm sorry.'

'It's alright, sensei,' said Genos softly. 'I didn't have many friends... no one I was really close to. It's enough that I can make new memories now, with you.'

Saitama flushed again, glancing down at Genos's hand, which he was still massaging-- the tension had gone out of the artificial fingers. '...Does this feel good?'

'Yes-- the artificial skin contains very sophisticated touch sensors, comparable to what I could feel as a human.'

Saitama tugged the hand closer, brushing his lips against the fingers; Genos's breath hitched and his chest heated up against Saitama's back. 'You still are human, Genos. Having a different body doesn't change that.'

Genos's fingers twitched and he pulled his hand back, brushing his fingers across Saitama's bare scalp as he let out a deep breath. 'Saitama,' he whispered, his voice thick with emotion. 'Thank you.'

Saitama fidgeted a little at the touch but he didn't complain, settling against Genos with an embarassed smile. '...Just watch the movie, nerd.'



Chapter End Notes
I recently saw a mention of Genos's memory of his life pre-cyborg being really poor and that concept kicked its way in as I was wrapping up and I've also been thinking about trans Genos a lot lately and there might be tiny hints of that in here if you want to read it that way.This was my first shipfic so it's pretty low-key. I also wanted to write wireplay as something they enjoy on its own merits rather than just being a brief stepping stone on the way to 'normal' sex because I haven't seen many fics like that. I'll probably do a sequel (or just another fic with similar themes) at some point if I can think of a good scenario, but in the meantime I've got another concept I want to try.THANK YOU OPM FANDOM, YOU'RE ALL FANTASTIC.



Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



