



Sick Bangtan - soulmetalfairy - bangtansonyeondan
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Sick Bangtan
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/13852536.
  


Rating:
General Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
Gen
Fandom:
방탄소년단 | Bangtan Boys | BTS
Character:
Kim Seokjin | Jin, Kim Namjoon | RM, Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin (BTS), Kim Taehyung | V, Jeon Jungkook
Additional Tags:
Sick Character, Maknae line falls ill, Rap line falls ill, Protective Bangtan Boys, Kim Seokjin | Jin Being a Mom, Kim Namjoon | Rap Monster Is a Dork, Grumpy Min Yoongi | Suga, Jung Hoseok | J-Hope & Min Yoongi | Suga are Best Friends, Cute Jung Hoseok | J-Hope, Park Jimin Is a Sweetheart, Park Jimin Is Whipped, Kim Taehyung | V is a Little Shit, Jeon Jungkook is So Done
Stats:

        Published: 2018-03-04
          Completed: 2018-03-10
          Chapters: 9/9
        Words: 19988
      

Sick Bangtan
by soulmetalfairy
Summary
It was bad enough when one of them would fall ill, but for all seven of them to come down with various illnesses all at once was just the worst.




Chapter 1



Jin knew it was going to be a long day when he woke up that morning to a piercing headache in his temples.
They had just gotten back from a long tour a day prior, and they were still trying to catch up on some well needed sleep. It helped that they did not have any practices for the next few days, but it did not help that their sleep schedule had been thrown off badly. As it was, when Jin took a look outside the window, he realized that the sun had not even started to come up yet. It was still pitch dark outside.
A quick glance at his alarm clock revealed that it was about five till five a.m. The LED letters seemed to bore through his eyes, making his head hurt worse as he buried his face into the pillows. Jin just wanted to get some proper sleep, but it was starting to look like yet again he would be left with little rest.
He tried to just lay there and go back to sleep, but no matter how hard he tried he just could not fall asleep. The pounding in his head was starting to make him feel nauseous. He forced himself to sit up to see if the position change made any difference. It helped only a little bit, but the pounding continued to persist. Jin rubbed at his eyes to try and get rid of the pounding, but it did no good. A chill ran up his spine as he tried to push to a stand.
Maybe some coffee or tea would do him some good.
He pushed up to his feet as he cast a glance towards where Yoongi was still sleeping across the room. The rapper had his face burrowed into his pillow, and the blankets were pulled up so high that he could only see the top of his head. He was snoring away peacefully, and it looked like he would not be waking up anytime soon. Jin did his best to sneak out of the room without a sound, and closed the door behind him with only the faintest of clicks. He kept one hand against the wall as he moved slowly towards the steps.
There were no other lights on except for the one in the stairwell, which only provided enough light for him to be able to see the floor from his room. As he got closer towards the light he had to shield his eyes from them. The light made his eyes hurt worse as he made his way slowly down the stairs. He made it to the bottom, but it did not make his head feel any better. He slowly moved to the kitchen, flipping one of the lights on. He had to shield his eyes for a moment, but they managed to adjust after a few seconds.
Making some tea for himself was no chore, but because of how his head felt it was like it was taking forever. He searched the cabinets for some ibuprofen while his tea was brewing. He managed to find the large bottle after a few minutes, but before he could grab it the sound of footsteps pulled him from his action. Jin turned to face the footsteps, and found a very tired looking Jungkook entering the kitchen. He was rubbing at his eyes while trying to stifle a yawn.
'' Jungkook, what are you doing up. Its five in the morning.'' Jin said. Jungkook continued to stumble towards him as he cracked his eyes open.
'' Couldn't sleep.'' He mumbled.'' Not feeling good.''
Alarm bells rang inside of his head as he closed the distance between them. His headache was forgotten as he took in the maknaes face. His cheeks appeared flushed, yet at the same time his face was pale. He placed a hand on his forehead, and he did not like the heat he felt under hi palm. Jungkook was burning up.
'' You're running a fever Jungkook. How long have you been feeling sick?'' Jin asked. Jungkook did not answer him. '' Jungkook, answer me. How long have you been feeling sick?'' He asked in a firm tone.
'' When I woke up.'' He mumbled. Jin glanced back to where the cabinet was at. He reached back for a split second to grab the ibuprofen, glad to see that Jungkook had not fallen over when he did so. He could not tell if he was so out of it because of the fever, or from fatigue. Either way, he had to try and get his fever down.
'' Here, take these and then go back to bed alright.'' Jin said. Jungkook took the pills as asked, but he made no move to go back to his room. Jin huffed, his head still pounding away as he wrapped an arm around his shoulders. '' Come on Kookie. Let's get you back to bed.'' He said. Jungkook nodded slowly, and began to move with Jin as he guided him out of the kitchen. The two of them moved up the stairs slowly, Jin never taking his arm off of Jungkook as he guided him along. He was worried the kid would fall over if he let go of him, and he could not let that happen.
'' Hyung.... Why are you up anyways?'' Jungkook suddenly asked when they reached the top of the stairs.
'' What?.... Well.'' Jin fell silent for a moment as he tried to find the right words. '' I wasn't able to sleep is all. Don't worry about it.'' He could not put his own problems onto Jungkooks shoulders with the way the boy was feeling. He was already sick as it was, and making him worry while running a fever was one of the worst things to do. '' Let's just get you to bed ok.''
'' Ok.'' Jungkook mumbled before yawning into his hand. The two of them reached the bedrooms a moment later, and Jin began to lead Jungkook towards his room when something caught him off guard. There was a light on in the bathroom, and the door was cracked open just enough to let some of the light into the hall. He was not able to see who was inside, or what they were doing so he bet that one of his dongsang had to just go to the bathroom. He left it at that as he reached out to open Jungkooks door.
'' Get some sleep Jungkook.'' Jin said, giving him a gentle push into the room. He walked slowly over to the bed, and Jin watched as he flopped face first onto the bed. It was not long before Jin heard the sound of snores from the younger singer, so he silently shut the door after that.
He started to walk away from Jungkooks room to return to the kitchen for his tea, but the sound of a painful moan from the bathroom stopped him dead in his tracks. He turned to face the door, worry quickly filling him as he stood there. Who was in the bathroom.
Jin stood there for another minute or so, but then the moan returned for a second time. This time, however, it was followed up the sound of a rather painful retching sound. That sent Jin into action again, the pounding in his head forgotten for a second time as he shoved the bathroom door open.
He found Jimin hunched over the toilet, hi face drenched with sweat and pale.
'' Jimin, what happened? Are you alright?'' Jin fell at his side, one of his hands coming out to touch his forehead. He did not feel hot, but his skin was very clammy. Jimin just moaned in pain again, leaning into the touch on his face. '' Jimin, you have to answer me. What's going on?'' Jin begged.
'' Hyung.... D-don't feel good.'' Jimin said, and then his face turned a sickly greenish tint before he was heaving into the toilet again. All that seemed to come up was spit and bile, nothing else left in his stomach. Jin rubbed a soothing hand over his back, feeling the muscles under his hands tense. The heaving lasted for a solid three minutes before Jimin finally sat back from the toilet. He sat there on the floor leaning against the tub, his head bowed as he gripped at his stomach.
'' How long have you been feeling like this?'' Jin asked, placing a hand on top of Jimin's head.
'' Late last night after everyone went to bed.'' He mumbled. '' I didn't want to wake any of you up because I didn't think it was that bad.'' He moaned rather painfully as the hand on his stomach tightened. '' Guess I was wrong.''
'' You going to be sick again?'' Jin asked. Jimin shook his head.
'' There's nothing left in me.'' Jimin said.'' I..... I think something I ate last night did this.''
'' Was your stomach bothering you any before this?'' Jin asked. Jimin shook his head no.
'' It was fine when I went to sleep, but then I woke up like this.'' Jimin explained.
'' Ok.'' Jin glanced up to the clock hanging on the wall beside him. It was about 5:15 in the morning. '' How long have you been in here Jimin?'' Jin asked. Jimin looked up to him with pain filled eyes.
'' The last two hours.... Give or take.'' Jimin said, his eyes tearing up as he leaned into Jin's hand. '' I don't want to be sick Hyung.... I hate being sick.'' He sobbed.
'' Hey, it's going to be ok Jimin.'' Jin reached out, pulling Jimin close to his chest. He tucked the youngers head under his chin as he began to run a hand up and down his back while the other absent mindedly ran through his hair. Jimin was crying now as the two of them sat there, but whether it was from the pain he was in, or from something else, Jin did not know. He knew what Jimin had been going through the last few months, and he had finally gotten on the right path. To be put in a set back like this must have been making things rough.
'' You're going to be ok Jimin. I promise you, you'll be just fine.'' Jin said. He sat there in silence, his eyes only ever leaving Jimin to look up at the clock on the wall. The time seemed to be passing so slow, yet at the same time fast. For in the blink of an eye, almost thirty minutes had gone by. Jimin was starting to calm down slowly, but he could hear that his sobs were being replaced by those painful moans again. He was going to be sick again, so Jin started to untangle himself from him. Jimin began to protest at first, but then his face turned greenish again, and he began to move back towards the toilet. He made it just in time to only produce a glob of bile that had Jimin making a rather disgusted face.
'' It's alright Jimin. Bring it up, its all you can do.'' Jin said. They stayed there for a few more minutes, Jimin giving off a few dry heaves before it finally looked like it was over. He leaned against the tub again with a moan of pain.
'' This sucks.'' He whined.
'' I know Jiminie.'' He looked up to the clock.
5:45
'' Ok, Jimin, how about we get you back to bed. You should be more comfortable there.'' Jin said.
'' No... I can't sleep.'' Jimin said. '' And.... I don't think Hobi-Hyung will want me in there puking like I am.'' He added.
'' Ok then.'' Another idea dawned on Jin, but he needed to make sure Jimin was ok with this. '' How about we move downstairs. You can rest on the couch with me.'' Jin said. Jimin looked up to him.
'' That would be alright.'' Jimin said, a small smile quirking on his face.
'' Atta boy. Come on, lets get you up.'' Jin moved slowly as he helped Jimin get to a stand. It was a slow process, but once he was standing Jin was able to support most of his weight. He moved at Jimin's pace towards the stairs, down to the sitting room, and over to the couch. He had Jimin lay on his side before draping a blanket over his frame. He threw a glance back to the kitchen, remembering that his tea was still in there. It was probably both cold and too strong, so he would have to make some more.
'' You not going to sit down Hyung?'' Jimin asked.
'' Not yet Jiminie. I'm going to go make myself some tea, and get you some medicine for your stomach. Be right back.'' Jin explained.
'' Ok.'' Jimin said. He laid his head back on the armrest as Jin moved towards the kitchen. He had the forethought to move the empty trash bin to the side of the couch just in case Jimin felt like he would be sick again. He quickly made himself a new cup of tea, and managed to find some medicine for Jimin that he hoped would help with his stomach. He then felt the pang in his forehead once again, and it reminded him that his own head was still hurting. The reminder of it brought back the full force of the pain, and he had to grab onto the counter to keep from falling over. He reached back into the medicine cabinet for the ibuprofen, and he managed to dry swallow two pills before he picked up the box and his tea to return to the sitting room. He made a mental note about when he would be able to take more later, and when he would need to give Jungkook more as well.
If only he knew that the day was only going to get much longer, and much more stressful.



Chapter 2



It was about seven in the morning when Namjoon finally found himself rolling out of bed, and he felt like utter shit.
He had barely gotten any sleep since they returned from the tour. He had to admit that the few hours he got that night had to be the most he had slept since their return. However, it was not enough sleep. He had tried going to sleep earlier that night, but he ended up just laying there tossing and turning for a large portion of the night. His head felt like it was filled with cotton as he pushed to a sitting position to look around. The light was dim in the room due to the blinds being drawn.
Namjoon sighed as he ran a hand down his face. He wanted to just go back to sleep, but he knew that even if he tried he would not be able to fall asleep again. It would be best if he just got up for the day. He began to push out of bed, but the sound of a wet cough across the room stopped him. He turned to look at the other bed which belonged to Taehyung. The maknae was laying with his back to Namjoon, and he had the blankets pulled tightly around him like they were a lifeline.
'' Taehyung?... You alright?'' Namjoon called out, quickly realizing that his voice was almost non existent. Taehyung did not answer him. '' Taehyung, hey.'' Namjoon pushed off the bed, and slowly made his way over towards Taehyungs bed. He rested a hand on his shoulder, and as he did he felt the younger  singer go stiff. '' Taehyung?''
'' Hyung.'' Taehyung turned over on the bed to look up at him. Namjoon did not like the look on his face. He was very pale, almost as white as the sheets he was laying on. Yet, there appeared to be a red tint to his cheeks.
'' Hey, are you feeling ok?'' Namjoon asked. Taehyung only stared at him, his eyes appearing distant as he laid there.
'' Don't feel good..... My stomach...... Stomach hurts.'' He said, before another cough escaped. This time, however, it sounded different. It sounded more like he was trying to suppress a gag or something.
'' You going to be sick?'' Namjoon asked. Taehyung nodded his head no.
'' It just hurts.... I don't feel sick.'' Taehyung explained. Namjoon reached out to lay a hand on his forehead. He felt rather warm to the touch, telling Namjoon that he was running a slight fever.
'' You do feel warm.... You want to try some medication to see if it will help?'' He asked. Taehyung nodded his head before pulling the covers tighter around himself. '' Ok. I'll go get you something. Wait here ok.''
'' Ok.'' Taehyung whispered back.
Namjoon moved away from the bed a moment later, another wet cough escaping Taehyung before he managed to slip out of the room. He quickly moved down the stairs, trying his best to ignore the way his entire body felt like led, and his head was full of cotton. He reached the bottom of the stairs a moment later, and when he did he entered into the sitting room. it was there that he found both Jin and Jimin sitting on the couch together with the television on. Jimin was laying on his side with is head in Jin's lap. He looked just as pale, if not even worse, then Taehyung did, and there was a greenish tint to his face as well. Jin looked like he was in some discomfort himself from the way his brows were furrowed, but it was hard to tell. This happened both when he was in pain or stressed, so it was hard to tell which one he was dealing with.
Namjoon took a few more steps into the room, and when he did Jin's eyes moved from the television to him. There was surprise in his eyes.
'' Namjoon. What are you doing up already?'' Jin asked.
'' Well.... I was going to ask you the same thing.'' Namjoon said, his voice still very soft. Jin quirked a brow at that.
'' You feeling alright?'' Jin asked.
'' I'm fine.'' Namjoon lied. '' What's wrong with Jimin?'' He asked, quickly changing the subject. Jin's eyes moved down to him, and he laid a hand on his head to run through his hair.
'' He's sick.... I found him puking in the bathroom about two hours ago, but he refused to go sleep in his room.'' Jin said. '' I brought him in here because I thought it would help him sleep with someone here..... Besides, I couldn't sleep well anyway.'' Jin explained. His eyes moved back to Namjoon. '' So why are you up so early? Everyone else is asleep still.'' Jin said.
'' Well.... Taehyung said his stomach was hurting. I was going to get him some medicine for it.'' Namjoon explained.
'' Did he say he was going to be sick?'' Jin asked.
'' No. He said his stomach only hurt.'' Namjoon said.
'' Ah. I see.'' Jin reached over to the coffee table, and he grabbed a small box resting there. '' Here, give him some of these. They helped settle Jimin's stomach some, they may help Taetae feel better to.'' Jin tossed the box over to Namjoon, and he caught it one handed. The box, though small, felt like it weighed a ton in his grip. He did his best to hide his weak feeling as he turned to go back up the steps.
'' Namjoon?''
Crap. Of course Jin would be able to notice it.
'' Yes?'' He asked, turning back to face him.
'' You feeling alright? You seem a little.... off.'' Jin said.
'' I'm fine. Don't worry about it. I'll be alright.'' Namjoon said. He turned his head to look up the stairs. There was the sound of soft footsteps moving around upstairs. '' I better get this to Tae before he gets sick like Jimin is.'' Namjoon said, and then he started to make his way up.
However, Jin could not push the feeling that Namjoon was lying to him.
Namjoon returned to his room, unable to find the source of the footsteps as he opened the door. Taehyung was still curled up on his side with the blankets pulled tightly around him. He turned his head to look over at Namjoon when he entered the room, and he could see the pain written in his face.
'' How you feeling now Taetae?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Stomach hurts.'' Taehyung said. '' Feel like shit.'' He added.
'' Ok. These will help with that. Think you can stomach some pills?'' Namjoon asked. Taehyung shook his head, and he slowly unraveled himself from the blankets as Namjoon opened up the box. He popped two pills out of the plastic rectangle inside, and held them out to Taehyung to take. He swallowed them dry, Namjoon cringing at the sight of it. He could never dry swallow pills like that.
'' You want some water?'' Namjoon asked. Taehyung shook his head no.
'' It might make me sick.... Don't want that.'' He explained.
'' Alright then.'' Namjoon heard footsteps again just outside his door. He glanced back to see who was walking by, and found Hoseok slowly making his way down the hallway. He looked like he was still asleep as he moved, and there was a hunch in his shoulders.
'' Is Hobi alright?'' Taehyung asked.
'' I don't know.... Let me go check.'' Namjoon said. He left the room, turning to the right to find Hoseok at the top of the stairs. He was just standing there, staring off into the distance.
'' Hoseok. You alright?'' Namjoon called out, quickly closing the distance between them. As he got closer, he realized that Hoseok appeared rather pale. His face was just as white as Taehyung had looked, and he was trembling where he stood. He set a hand on his shoulder, and it seemed to snap him out of the daze as he looked over to him.
'' Namjoon?'' He whispered.
'' Are you feeling ok Hobi?'' Namjoon asked, pulling him away from the stairs. He did not need the younger man taking a nose dive down the stairs today, not with at least three of them already sick as it was.
'' I woke up.... and I couldn't breath through my nose.'' Hoseok said. '' I feel like my head is full of cotton..... and I'm cold.'' He added. Namjoon quickly raised a hand to press against his forehead. Hoseok felt like he was on fire.
'' You've got yourself a fever Hobi...... How long have you been feeling sick?'' Namjoon asked.
'' I got a little stopped up last night, but I thought it was allergies from traveling.... Guess I was wrong huh.'' He muttered, a small laugh escaping. It was quickly replaced by a weak cough before he pressed a hand to his head.
'' Look's like you've got a nasty bug of sorts. Jimin and Taehyung are in the same boat.'' Namjoon said.
'' Do they feel like a walking zombie?'' Hoseok asked.
'' Well..... No, but Jimin was throwing up earlier and Taehyung said his stomach was hurting when he woke up.'' Hoseok cringed at that as he wrapped his arms around himself.
'' I don't like the sound of that.'' He said.
'' Why don't you try to go back to sleep. Maybe go sit with Taehyung in our room.'' Namjoon suggested.
'' Can't sleep with the way my head feels Hyung.... I'd rather just curl up on the couch.'' Hoseok said.
'' Well, Jin is already there, but the armchair isn't taken. You can go sit there.'' Namjoon said.
'' That sounds nice.'' Hoseok mumbled, his eyes starting to droop. So much for not being tired. Namjoon wrapped an arm around Hoseok's shoulders as he began to walk towards the stairs.
'' Lets get you sitting down before you fall asleep on your feet.'' Namjoon said. Hoseok did not respond to what he said, but he did follow obediently as he led him down the stairs. Namjoon got a stare from Jin, and eventually from Jimin who had cracked an eye open to see what all the fuss was about.
'' What's wrong with Hoseok?'' Jin asked.
'' Under the weather. He's got a bug or something, and a high fever.'' Namjoon said. He deposited him in the arm chair, where Hoseok began to curl up on the small cushion like a ball. Namjoon threw a blanket from the corner of the room over him, and he sighed as the warmth enveloped him.
'' Ibuprofen's on the counter. He should take some.'' Jin said. '' And you should to Namjoon. You don't look so good.'' He added.
'' Ok.'' Namjoon left the room to go retrieve the bottle. He did as Jin asked, taking a few for himself in hopes that it would help with the foggy cloud in his head. He then took the other two in for Hoseok to take, along with a water bottle for him to drink. He made sure that Hoseok swallowed the pills, and at least took a few sips of the water, before he left him be. He appeared to fall asleep after that, but he was not liking the way that his breathing sounded. He was very congested.
'' He doesn't sound to good.'' Jin mumbled.
'' I know.'' Namjoon said. '' Three out of seven members sick at once.... Who would imagine it.'' He muttered.
'' Four out of seven. Jungkook woke up at five with a fever.'' Jin said. '' I think he managed to go back to sleep though, so what ever he's got shouldn't be that bad.'' He added.
'' Great... Just great.'' Namjoon leaned against the wall, pinching the bridge of his nose. '' Just what we need, all of us getting sick at once..... That's never happened before.'' Namjoon mumbled.
'' Yoongi hasn't shown any signs of being sick. He looked fine when I woke up this morning.'' Jin explained.
'' That doesn't mean that he could wind up sick once he wakes up..... Who knows what he would get when he wakes up.'' Namjoon mumbled.
'' I don't know.'' Jin mumbled. '' Let's just hope that he doesn't get sick like the others.'' Jin glanced up at the clock. '' I should go check on Jungkook. Mind keeping an eye on Jimin for me?'' he asked.
'' Yeah.'' Namjoon answered. Jin carefully pushed off the couch, laying Jimin's head carefully on the armrest before he pulled the blanket tighter around him. '' Try to get some more sleep Jiminie. I'll be back shortly.'' Jin said.
'' Ok.'' Jimin said in a soft voice. Jin made his way to the stairs after that, moving at a slow pace. Namjoon was worried about him, but he let it slide when he heard a groan from Jimin. He knelt beside him, placing a hand on his head.
'' How you feeling Jimin?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Stomach hurts.'' He said. '' Nauseous.'' He added.
'' You going to be sick?'' He asked. Jimin shook his head no.
'' There's nothing left to come up.'' Jimin stated. '' I don't want to be sick again Hyung.'' He muttered.
'' I know Jimin. Just try to get some rest for now, ok.'' Jimin nodded his head again as he let his eyes slide shut. Namjoon sat on the floor beside him, keeping one hand on the younger mans head as he tried to fall back asleep.
Could the day get any worse when it had barely begun?



Chapter 3



When Yoongi woke up that morning, he could not believe the way that he felt.
His chest felt very tight, as if it was filled with something that needed out. There was a slight wheeze to his breathing as he tried to push up to a sitting position. His breath caught in his throat for a second, and it caused him to fall into a coughing fit. His throat felt like it was being ripped from the fit, but thankfully the pain stopped once the coughing did. However, it did not stop the pain in his chest. He rubbed at his chest with a groan, already betting why he felt this way.
He hated being sick in general, but to come down with something like bronchitis was just the worst.
He hated it so much. Even when he was a kid he hated it even though it would get him out of school for a day or so. It was pure torture for him, and it screwed up his breathing. He would not be singing or anything for the next day or so until this cleared up.
'' Dammit.'' He mumbled.
There was the sound of footsteps just outside the room after a few seconds. Yoongi looked up to the door expecting to see Jin or someone come in. However, the door never opened. Yoongi was confused, and decided to go investigate. He seriously doubted that someone was still asleep at this hour. Most of them were sure to try and be up before 9 a.m. even though there would be a day here or there when someone other then himself would sleep in. He also realized that the footsteps were going the opposite direction from the stairs. Someone was walking back towards the rooms.
Yoongi decided to try and investigate, so he swung his legs over the side of the bed. A cough got caught in the back of his throat, and when it did he found himself bending forward. A heavier cough broke free after that, and when it did he was unable to keep himself on the edge of the bed. He found himself tumbling off the edge of the bed, falling face first into the carpet. He was left there winded, coughing violently into his hand as phlegm clogged his throat. There was the sound of rushed footsteps outside his door quickly followed by the bang of the door hitting the wall. He could not see who was at the door, but after a minute he was able to feel a hand on his back rubbing circles against the spasms of coughing.
'' It's alright Yoongi. Just try to breath.'' He heard someone say. It sounded like Jin to him, but he could not be sure. It was hard to tell over the sound of his violent coughs. He continued to cough for what felt like forever, but finally they came to a stop. He was left breathless, lying limp on the floor as the hand continued to rub up and down his back.
'' You alright now?'' The voice asked again. This time he was able to pinpoint the voice as Jin's, and there was no missing the worry hidden in the tone. Yoongi nodded his head as he slowly began to push up. He did not like the shakiness in his limbs, but once he was sitting against the bed post the shakiness started to subside. Was it caused from how bad his coughing fit was?
'' That did not look pleasant.... Are you sure you're alright?'' Jin asked again, resting a hand on Yoongi's shoulder. Yoongi flashed him a quick smile, his eyes half lidded.
'' I'm fine.'' He wheezed. '' Just a little winded is all.''
'' You look rather pale.'' Jin said. Yoongi sat there, allowing Jin to place a hand on his forehead. He knew he probably did not have a fever, but he knew that Jin would not believe what he said until he checked for himself.
'' You don't feel warm... That's good.'' Jin mumbled.
'' Why is that good. I'm still sick.'' Yoongi muttered.
'' Hoseok and Taehyung both are running fevers, and Jimin was throwing up this morning when I found him in the bathroom.... I was about to check in on Jungkook to see if he still has one when I heard you fall.'' Jin explained.
' What?'' Yoongi's eyes flew over to Jin. '' Are you serious?... Almost all of us sick at once.... Never seen that happen before.'' He muttered.
'' Well it did.'' Jin said. He pinched the bridge of his nose, causing a worried glance from Yoongi. '' Namjoon doesn't appear to be any better off. I think he's hiding a cold or the flu from me, but I'm not going to pressure him about it. If he's sick he'll know what to do about it....  probably already has.'' Jin said.
'' What about yourself?'' Yoongi asked.
'' It's just a headache... I'll be alright.'' Jin said. He turned his head back to the doorway for a second before training his eyes on Yoongi. '' You going to be ok?'' Jin asked.
'' I'll be alright.'' Yoongi said. '' Just need to get some rest.'' He added.
'' Then get some rest. I need to check on Jungkook. He needs some more medicine if he's got a fever still.'' Jin said. '' Here, let me help you up.'' Yoongi allowed his hyung to help him off the floor. He sat on the edge of the bed a moment later, and watched as Jin left the room. He did not bother to close the door, but Yoongi did not complain about it. If something happened again, then they would need the door open to be able to hear him. He laid back on the bed, but he did not pull the blankets over himself. He let his eyes drift shut, and he forced himself to focus on his breathing, and not the wheezing sound that came out of his lungs.
It was going to be a rough day, one that Yoongi did not want to deal with.
 
---
 
Jungkook rolled over in bed when he heard his door open up.
He had been awake for only a few minutes, long enough to acknowledge the chill that had fallen over him despite the two blankets over his body. His head felt clouded still, just like when he had stumbled downstairs to find Jin in the kitchen. The only difference was the fact that his throat felt raw, and it hurt to swallow.
'' Hello Kookie? Are you awake?'' Jin whispered into the room.
'' Hyung.'' Jungkook called out. Jin entered the room at the sound of his voice. He had a look of worry on his face when he entered the room. Jungkook hated to see his hyung worried, but then again he knew why he was worried. After all, he did not get sick like this easily, so to come down with sickness so fast was a bit of a shock.  Jin sat on the edge of the bed, a hand reaching out to rest on his forehead. Jungkook leaned into the touch, the cool hand there making the aching in his body fade for a second.
'' You still have a fever Kookie. You need to take some more medicine for that.'' Jin said, reaching into his pocket a moment later to grab the bottle of ibuprofen there.
'' It's been quiet Hyung.... Where is everyone?'' Jungkook asked.
'' They're resting downstairs, and Yoongi's resting in his room.'' Jin explained, placing two pills into Jungkook's hand. He took the medication without question before laying his head back against the pillows. Jin's hand remained on his head as he laid there, running soothingly through his hair a few times before it would return to his forehead. '' How do you feel Jungkook?'' Jin asked after a few minutes of silence.
'' The same.'' He mumbled. '' Throat hurts to.'' He added Jin's brow pinched at that.
'' How badly does it hurt?'' Jin asked. He was worried that it could be strep throat if it was bad enough. If that were the case then he would have to take Jungkook to the doctor to get some stronger medication then what their medicine cabinet had to offer.
'' Hurts to swallow... Really bad.'' Jungkook answered. He watched in silence as Jin moved to reach into his pocket. He pulled his phone free of his pocket a moment later, and he watched as he turned on the flashlight setting. '' Hyung, what are you-''
'' Open up. I want to check that you don't have strep.'' Jin cut in before Jungkook could finish. Jungkook did as he was asked, and allowed Jin to shine the light down his throat. He waited a few minutes, watching the pinched look that Jin had on his face. If Jungkook was not mistaken, it looked like he was in pain. Why was his hyung in pain? 
'' Well... It doesn't look like strep, but your throat is really raw.'' Jin stated, turning the flashlight off before returning his phone to his pocket.
'' Jin-hyung.... Are you feeling alright?'' Jungkook asked in a soft voice. Jin was taken aback by the question, watching Jungkook with shocked eyes. Why did he think that he was sick? He just had a bit of a headache, that was it, nothing wrong with that.
'' Why do you ask Kookie? You're the one who is sick after all.'' Jin said.
'' Your brow is pinched hyung. You only do that when you're in pain.'' Jungkook said. Jin had not even realized this, dropping his head for a second. '' Hyung?'' There was silence  for a long minute before Jin looked back up to the youngest member. He took one of Jungkook's hands into his own, and he gave it a tight squeeze.
'' I'll be just fine Jungkook. You don't need to worry about me, alright.'' Jin said.
'' But I am worried.'' Jungkook. '' You look like you're sick Hyung. You need to take care of yourself to.''
'' I've just got a bit of a headache Jungkook. It's nothing that you need to worry about.'' He gave Jungkook's hand another squeeze. '' Just focus on getting better before we start practices again. You don't want to still be sick when we start back up now do you?'' Jungkook shook his head vigorously despite the way that it made him feel worse. '' Good, now get some rest. I'll bring something up for you when lunch rolls around.'' Jin explained. Jungkook nodded as Jin stood from the edge of the bed, and began to head towards the door. He shut the door with a quiet click, and Jungkook was left to his own thoughts once more.
However, as he started to fall back asleep, he could not shake the feeling that Jin was hiding his own pain from the rest of them.
 
---
 
 When Jin returned to the first floor he found Namjoon seated on the floor in front of the couch. He had a hand placed on Jimin's head, running through the dancers hair slowly. Jimin had a look of discomfort on his face as he sat there, but Namjoon's actions were slowly making the look relax into peace. It was clear that Jimin was going to need some more medicine here soon, but it was hard to Jin to tell when exactly to give him more.
'' How is he?'' Namjoon suddenly asked, his eyes moving form Jimin to Jin.
'' Jungkook's still got a fever, so I gave him some ibuprofen... He's also got a sore throat, so we need to keep an eye on it in case it turns to strep.'' Jin explained. '' If he gets strep, its straight to the doctors for Kookie.'' Jin added.
'' Did you check on Yoongi as well?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Yeah... He's not doing so hot either.'' Jin said.
'' What happened?''
'' He fell off the bed in a coughing fit while I was up there. It sounds like he's got bronchitis or something.'' Jin said.
'' So that was the bang I heard.'' Namjoon mumbled.
'' Yeah.''  Jin said. He approached the armchair that Hoseok was resting in. He found the dancer curled up in a ball, his face practically buried in his knees as he gave of soft congested snores. Jin carefully reached out to place a hand on Hoseok's forehead, and he did not like the heat that he felt there. He was burning up just as bad, if not already worse, then Jungkook was.
'' Did you check on Taehyung while you were up there to? He was still in our room sleeping.'' Namjoon said.
'' No. I was going to try and find some cough medicine for Yoongi first.'' Jin said.
'' I don't think we have any left Jin. It got used up when Tae had that cold before the tour, remember. We never had time to restock on it.'' Namjoon explained. A look of shock passed Jin's face as he stared at him.
'' We don't?... Then what about cough drops at least. Those would help to.'' Jin said.
'' There are some near my bed on the night stand. They should still be in the bag.'' Namjoon suggested.'' If they're not there then they might be over by Taehyungs bed.'' Namjoon added.
'' Ok. I'll go check on Tae before I give them to Yoongi.'' Jin retreated up the stairs before Namjoon could say anything else to him. Namjoon let the question festering inside him die as he turned his attention to the two charges who were both asleep.
Jin was sick to, and he would not admit it to any of them.
Worry bubbled up inside of Namjoon, but it quickly fled when a soft voice spoke to his right.
'' Hyung..... Is Jin Hyung alright?'' Jimin asked.
'' He's alright.'' Namjoon said. '' He just needs some rest is all.'' He added.
'' Namjoon-hyung.'' He looked over the armchair to find Hoseok watching him with one eye cracked open. '' I don't think he's alright.'' He whispered.
Namjoon had nothing to say about that.



Chapter 4



The sound of  a retch was what greeted Jin when he entered Taehyung's room.
He found Taehyung kneeling over the trash bin on the floor, his hands gripping onto the plastic bin so hard that they were white. His back was arched as he sat there retching, and it had Jin rushing to his side.
'' Tae.... Hey, it's alright. You're alright, just let it come up.'' Jin said, He ran a hand across Taehyung's back as he gagged into the bin. There were tears running from his eyes, and he was gasping for air.
'' D-Don't... Don't want to.'' Taehyung whispered before another gag cut him off. He doubled over, his head practically shoved into the bin as another retch ripped through him. Jin continued to run a hand over his back, working his palm into the tight muscles to try and help Taehyung relax a little. When the retching finally ceased, he sat back, but he never let go of the bin. His hands were still white as they gripped onto it, a much different color then the pink hue his cheeks had.
'' Oh... Taetae.'' Jin raised one of his hands to press it against his forehead. He did not feel too warm, but his forehead was covered in a cold sweat. Jin ran his hand back through Taehyung's hair, letting his hand stop at his neck which he gave a light squeeze.
'' I hate this.... I don't want to be sick hyung.'' Taehyung whimpered.
'' I know Tae.'' Jin gave his neck another squeeze. '' But you have to let it run its course. Even if I take you to the doctor, they won't be able to do much more then we can here for your stomach.'' Jin said. Taehyung did not respond. Instead he just leaned over, resting his head on Jin's shoulder as a broken sob rang out in the room. '' Hey, you're ok. It's alright Tae. You're alright.'' Jin soothed. He continued to run a hand up and down his back as he wrapped his arms around the younger man. His other hand slowly ran through his sweaty hair in a calming motion.
'' Please.... Don't leave me.'' Taehyung begged. '' I don't want to be alone.'' He added. Jin just hugged him closer, holding tightly to Taehyung as he continued to cry. It was not long before the sound of footsteps were heard outside the room. He looked up to find Yoongi standing in the doorway, a hand over his mouth to try and stifle his cough.
'' Is he ok?'' Yoongi whispered, a weak cough following. Jin only shook his head. Yoongi entered the room as quietly as he could, and he knelt behind Taehyung before he reached out to place a hand on his back. Taehyung went stiff under his hand, his sobs falling silent.
'' See Taetae. You're not alone. Yoongi is here to.'' Jin said. Taehyung turned his head around to see him, and when he did Yoongi threw him a smile.
'' You're alright Tae. You're going to be alright.'' Yoongi said. Taehyung nodded, but then his face became very pale gaining a green tint. It was not long before he was spinning around, breaking free of Jin's grasp only to throw himself over the trash bin. He retched rather violently into the bin, but only a glob of bile managed to come up. Jin was already by his side, his hand rubbing soothing circles into his back. Yoongi was at a loss, not sure what he could do to help him. He reached out after a minute, resting a hand on Taehyungs back again. He did not like the way that his muscles were taught with tension under his fingertips.
'' It's alright Taehyung. Just try to relax. There's nothing in you to come up.'' Jin said, continuing to work his hand into the taught muscles. Taehyung was gasping as he sat hunched over the bin, his knuckles popping with the force he was using to hold onto the bin. He was shuddering under Yoongi's hand, his body tense as another dry heave tore through him.
'' You have to relax Taehyung. You're getting yourself worked up.'' Jin said. He could not calm down. The retching would not stop, the dry heaves seeming to tear his body apart as he sobbed. Jin continued to rub Taehyung's back through the retching until it became unbearable to watch any longer. He wrapped himself around Taehyung, hugging him from behind. One of his hands was resting on his stomach, rubbing soothing circles over his shirt while the other fisted into the fabric over his heart.
'' Jin!'' Yoongi was alarmed by his response to Taehyungs dry heaves. He had yanked his hand back when Jin had wrapped himself around the maknae, and was dumbfounded as he watched.
'' It's ok Taehyung. Just relax. I've got you... I've got you baby, just relax for me. Can you please relax for me baby?'' Jin asked. Taehyung dry heaved one final time, and then he was gasping for air. He was still very tense as if he would be sick again, but he was no longer heaving into the trash bin. He trembled slightly as he finally let go of the bin, but Yoongi did not dare to take it away to wash in case he relapsed again. Taehyung leaned back into Jin's chest with a broken sob, moving his hands to grip as Jin's arms wrapped around him. '' That's it Tae baby. Just relax with me. You can let go now. I've got you.''
There was another set of footsteps heard just outside the door. Yoongi glanced up to see who it was, and found Namjoon standing in the hallway. He was watching through the doorway with wide eyes, eyes that were also filled with what appeared to be worry and fear.
'' Come on Tae. Just try to relax ok. You need to relax for me ok.'' Jin tightened his grip when Taehyung tried to break free of his grip, but he was not going for the bin. Is was like he was trying to escape from him. '' Don't do that baby. Just relax, you can do that, just relax.'' He said. Jin looked over to the doorway to find Namjoon slowly making his way inside, his eyes glued to Taehyung. '' Tae baby, Namjoon's in here. I think he wants you to try and calm down as well, just like Yoongi and me. Can you try to calm down for him?'' Jin asked. Taehyung did not reply with words, but he finally nodded his head.
That was a start.
Taehyung finally started to breath normally after what felt like forever, and he allowed Jin to hold him in his lap as he coddled him. Taehyung had stopped crying by now, but he was still not talking either. Namjoon was now kneeling beside the pair, his eyes every now and then straying to watch Yoongi when a strong cough would break free of his chest. It was not long before more footsteps were heard, and when they looked up to the door they found not one but two figures standing  there. It was both Hoseok and Jimin. Hoseok was trying to support Jimin, who was clearly in some sort of pain as he gripped a hand over his own stomach. At the same time, Hoseok looked like he would fall over any second if he did not sit down.
'' Taehyung. Hobi and Jiminie are here to. They want to make sure that you're alright... Think you can tell them something?'' Jin asked, trying to coax him to say something. Taehyung looked up to the two in the doorway with red rimmed eyes.
'' Hyung.'' Was all he whispered before he had his face buried back into Jin's chest.
'' It's alright baby. That's good. You did good.'' Jin said. '' Is your stomach still hurting baby?'' Jin asked. Taehyung nodded his head against his chest as a small whimper broke out. That was all Namjoon had to see to have him moving towards the door, Yoongi following not to far behind with a heavy cough. Yoongi stood in the hallway whispering to Hoseok and Jimin for a few minutes before he lead the two back down the stairs. Jin continued to sit there on the floor holding onto Taehyung. Tae was starting to come around, but he was clingy. This was how he got sometimes when he was sick, whether it was a fever or a stomach bug like this. He was starting to wonder what was making his stomach so upset. Was it something that he had eaten last night? Jimin's stomach was upset to, so maybe the two had the same thing.
'' It hurts hyung.'' Taehyung whispered.
'' I know Taetae, but Namjoon's getting some medicine for your stomach that should help with the pain. Think you can stomach that?'' Jin asked.
'' I don't want to throw up again.'' Taehyung argued.
'' I know Baby, but you have to try for me. Can you at least try for me?'' Jin asked. Taehyung nodded against his chest, and then silence fell until Namjoon returned with the medicine in hand. Jin made sure that Taehyung took the proper dosage, and he had him drink a few sips of water to help with dehydration. When that was done Namjoon knelt beside Taehyung, placing a hand on his shoulder.
'' How you feeling Tae?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Hurts.'' He whispered, leaning back into Jin's chest as if it was a safe bubble.
'' Why don't we get you back to bed. You should be more comfortable in your bed.'' Jin mentioned.
'' I don't want to be alone.'' Taehyung argued. '' Don't leave me alone, please.'' He begged. Jin looked up to Namjoon, and saw that the leader was smiling.
'' How about I stay with you Taehyung. I'll sit up here with you, ok.'' Namjoon suggested. Taehyung seemed a little adamant about the idea at first, but then he finally answered with a small nod of his head. With that both Jin and Namjoon helped to get him off the floor, and carefully guide him back to his bed. Taehyung laid on his side once they had him on the bed, and then Namjoon scooted in behind him. He hugged the maknae from behind, pulling him against his chest as Jin placed the blankets over the two of them.
'' You two get some rest.'' Jin said.
'' Ok hyung.'' Taehyung mumbled. Jin patted him on the shoulder before moving around the bed to Namjoon.
'' You need to get some rest to Namjoon. I know you're not feeling well either.'' Jin said.
'' I will, promise.'' Namjoon said. Jin smiled at that, and then he left the room. He closed the door behind him, and at the sound of the latch clicking Taehyung seemed to melt into Namjoon's hold.
'' Hyung.... Is Jin feeling alright?'' Taehyung asked.
'' No Tae.... I don't think he is. Try to get some sleep alright.'' Namjoon said.
'' Alright.'' Taehyung mumbled. The two sat there in the silence, worry running through both of their minds as they tried to rest.
 
---
 
 When Jin exited the room he heard another door further down the hallway open up. Out stumbled a very tired looking Jungkook with half lidded eyes, and very messy bedhead.
'' Jin-hyung? What's going on? I heard someone getting sick.'' Jungkook mumbled.
'' You don't need to worry about it Jungkook.'' Jin walked down to the youngest maknae, and he wrapped an arm around his shoulders. He was still hot to the touch, but not nearly as bad as the last time he had been checked up on. The medicine was starting to kick in. '' We took care of it. Just go back to bed alright.'' Jin tried to guide him back into the room, but Jungkook shrugged his arm off.
'' I don't want to.... Want to go downstairs.'' Jungkook argued. Jin huffed for a moment, but did as Jungkook asked.
'' Alright then. Let's go sit on the couch with Jimin, alright.'' Jin said.
'' That sounds nice.'' Jungkook mumbled. Jin guided him down the stairs after that.
He could not help casting a glance towards Taehyung's room, wondering if the medicine they had given him would actually help or not.
He reached the bottom of the stairs a moment later to find Jimin sprawled out on the couch again. Hoseok and Yoongi were nowhere to be seen, but the sound of the refrigerator opening quickly told Jin where they were. He guided Jungkook over to the couch, and saw Jimin turn his head up to see the two of them.
'' Jiminie, do you mind if Jungkook here sits with you? He doesn't want to stay upstairs anymore.'' Jin said. Jimin nodded his head, and then he pulled his legs back to reveal one of the cushions. Jin deposited Jungkook on the cushion, and then Jimin laid his legs overtops Jungkook's thighs. Jin could not help but smile at that, and he moved to turn around.
That's when a spell of dizziness slammed into his like nothing he had ever felt before.
Jin found himself stumbling into the arm chair, taking a seat a moment later as he held a hand up to his head. Everything was spinning around him, forcing him to close his eyes to rid himself of the nausea that was starting to claw its way out.
'' Jin-hyung?'' The voice caught him off guard, and he looked up a moment later to find that both Jimin and Jungkook were watching him.
'' Are you alright Jin?'' Jungkook asked. Jin forced a smile on his face.
'' I'll be alright you guys. Stop worrying about me, alright.'' The two of them did not look convinced, but they let it go at that. Jin continued to sit there, his thoughts reeling on what had just happened.
Maybe he was more sick then he thought.



Chapter 5



Hoseok watched with half lidded eyes as Yoongi searched through the medicine cabinet a few feet away. He was sitting at the table, his chin resting on his crossed arms on the table as he watched Yoongi. He could hear the occasional curse come out every now and then.
'' Where the hell is the cold medicine? Did we run out?'' Yoongi mumbled. He checked yet another bottle, staring at it for a second before setting it on the counter with a huff of frustration.
'' Didn't Tae end up using the rest before the tour?'' Hoseok mumbled. Yoongi froze where he stood, turning his head over to face Hoseok.
'' You're kidding, right?'' Yoongi asked.
'' I don't know.... You'd have to ask Taehyung yourself.'' Hoseok mumbled. Anger flashed across Yoongi's face as he slammed the cabinet shut. It caused Hoseok to jump, and he pressed his forehead into his arms as his head began to ache. He groaned slightly as he sat there, wanting nothing more then for his fever to go away. He hated being sick so much, and fever's were utterly the worst, so to have one now was just tearing him apart.
'' Hobi?'' Yoongi's voice was soft in his ears when he spoke. Hoseok looked up from the table to find Yoongi watching him with worried eyes. There was also regret in his eyes as he watched him. '' You alright?'' Yoongi asked. He placed a hand on Hoseok's head, and he leaned into the touch.
'' My head is starting to hurt Hyung.'' Hoseok stated. Yoongi made a tsk sound as he took a seat beside him. '' Can I take anymore medicine yet?'' He asked in a broken voice.
'' I don't think so Hobi. You've still got another two hours before you can have another dosage.'' Yoongi said. Hoseok whined at that, leaning forward so his forehead was against Yoongi's shoulder. He listened as Yoongi coughed rather violently for a moment, the sound causing Hoseok to worry. It also caused the pain in his head to shoot up, and he raised a hand to massage at the skin on his temple.
'' Sorry Hobi.'' Yoongi mumbled.
'' It's alright.'' Hoseok whispered. The two sat there in silence, the only sound coming from Yoongi's raspy breathing and coughing. Yoongi did his best to try and help Hoseok with his headache. While he could not have anymore medication until later, he could have something else.
'' Wait here Hobi.'' Yoongi said, and then he was moving back towards the fridge. Hoseok glanced up to find the freezer open, and Yoongi was rummaging around inside for something.
'' What are you doing?'' Hoseok asked.
'' Well, I can't just let you sit there in pain like this.'' Yoongi said, pulling his head back to look at Hoseok. '' Also, this will help to bring your fever down faster. Two birds with one stone. That sounds pretty good for you.'' Yoongi explained. Hoseok did not reply to that, but he did continue to watch Yoongi rummage around until he found what he was looking for. He had retrieved one of the few moldable icepacks that they had. Jin always made sure there were at least five of them in the freezer for any injuries, including a few emergency ones you can keep in a med kit stored somewhere in the cabinet. Yoongi closed the freezer before reaching for a wash rag in one of the drawers. He grabbed a small one, and began to make his way back towards Hoseok.
'' Come on. Let's go.'' Yoongi said.
'' Go where?'' Hoseok asked. He pushed out of his chair, but his head began to swim when he was vertical. Yoongi must have noticed because he had moved around the table to wrap an arm around his shoulders to help keep him up.
'' Upstairs to your room. Since Jimin's got the couch taken up there's nowhere for you to lay down here.'' Yoongi explained. '' Come one, I'll go up with you.'' Yoongi added. Hoseok glanced at Yoongi with a blank stare.
'' Promise?'' He asked.
'' Promise.'' Yoongi said. '' Now lets go before you fall over.''
'' But if I fall then you'll carry me up.'' Hoseok said.
'' If you fall I will just leave you on the floor with the ice pack.'' Yoongi stated. Hoseok giggled a little at that.
'' No you won't.... You don't have the heart to do that.'' Hoseok mumbled.
'' Wanna bet?'' Yoongi asked. Hoseok did not respond, so Yoongi began to lead him forward.
When they entered the room they found that a third person had entered the room. Jungkook was half asleep sitting on the couch with Jimin's legs draped over his own. Jimin still had a look of discomfort on his face, but it was starting to slowly go away. Yoongi did not know, however, if that was because he was sleeping, or if the pain was actually going away. He left it at that, and guided Hoseok towards the stairs with the ice pack in hand.
However, he could not help but cast a glance towards Jin in worry when he walked by. There was something wrong with him, and he would not admit it to anyone. Yoongi just hoped that he would open up about it before it got so bad that he could not handle it.
Yoongi turned his attention back to Hoseok when he reached the top of the stairs, guiding him towards the room he shared with Jimin. His eyes strayed to the door that Taehyung and Namjoon were inside of, wondering if the two were actually asleep. He pressed an ear to the door for a split second, and all he heard was soft snores. The two were soundly asleep, that was good. Yoongi pulled away from the door to close the distance to the destination. He threw the door open, and guided Hoseok towards his bed. Hoseok practically fell into the bed a few moments later, curling up on his side.
'' Hold up Hobi.'' Yoongi said. He wrapped the ice pack with the cloth, and molded it into a crecent shape before pressing it to Hoseok's forehead. At first he protested it, complaining that the ice pack was too cold, but then he suddenly stopped. He melted into the cold touch it had as he leaned back into the bed. A contempt sigh escaped him as he let his eyes slide shut. Yoongi sat at the edge of the bed, one of his hands resting on Hoseok's arm. The poor kid was so tired.
'' Yoongi-hyung.'' Hoseok whispered.
'' What is it Hoseok?'' Yoongi asked. Hoseok moved his arm out of Yoongi's grip, and he grabbed at his shoulders while pulling him down.
'' Lie down with me.... Please.'' Hoseok said. Yoongi did not respond at first, bug Hoseok was being persistent about it so he finally caved. Yoongi curled up on bed facing Hoseok. The second he was settled Hoseok moved closer, his head resting against Yoongi's chest. He could feel the chill of the ice pack through his shirt, but he did not care.
If Hoseok needed this right now, then he would allow it.
'' I'm cold Hyung.'' Hoseok mumbled.
'' I know Hobi.'' Yoongi wrapped his arms around Hoseok, and pulled him closer. He was shivering against his chest. This worried Yoongi slightly, but he knew that once Hoseok's fever came down that this would all end.
He just hoped that his fever would come down.
'' Just try to get some sleep Hobi. I'm right here for you.'' Yoongi said. Hoseok pressed further into his chest at that, ducking his head further as if to fold himself into a tighter ball. Yoongi tightened his grip on him, and never let it faulter even when he would cough.
'' Thank you.'' He heard Hoseok whisper, and then the dancer fell quiet. Yoongi did as Hoseok had asked. He stayed by his side, never once moving away as he held him against his chest.
 
---
 
 Jin had not even realized he had fallen asleep until the sound of a groan of pain woke him up.
His eyes immediately snapped over to Jimin, finding that he was scrambling to get off the couch. He quickly realized what was going on, and he shot out of the arm chair to find the trash bin. There was no way the poor kid was going to make it up the stairs before he got sick. He found it in record timing, and made it just in time before Jimin was bent over dry heaving into the bin. Jungkook was watching with half lidded eyes, but there was no missing the worry they had. Jin bet if the kid was not as sick as he looked he would be right by Jimin's side trying to calm him. However, with how sick he is, he would be more of a hindrance then anything else.
'' It's alright Jimin. You're alright.'' Jin said. Jimin just sat there, not responding as he gasped rather painfully. Jin stayed there on the floor with him, his hand on his back until Jimin had finally fallen still once again. He groaned as one of his arms snaked around his stomach to grip it tightly. Jin took a quick glance into the bin, finding all that was inside was a glob of spit.
'' That snuck up on me.'' Jimin said.'' I didn't think I would be sick again.'' He whimpered.
'' Hey, it's alright. You're alright.'' Jin said. He ran a hand through Jimin's hair, his bangs sticking to his sweaty forehead. He was not hot, but there was definitely fatigue in his face. '' Do you think you are alright to get back on the couch now?'' Jin asked. Jimin nodded his head, not trusting himself to say anything. He was worried it would trigger something, and have him bent over the trash bin a second time. '' Ok then, lets get you back onto the couch. You can snuggle up with Jungkook for awhile alright.'' Jin carefully helped Jimin off the floor, and led him back to the couch. He did not bother to lay down. He just sat up on the cushion beside Jungkook to lean his head on his shoulder.
'' Hyung.... Can I take anymore medicine yet?'' Jimin asked in a soft voice.
'' I don't know.'' Jin glanced back at the clock. It was almost three in the afternoon. Jimin could have had medicine a few hours ago. '' Yeah Jimin. I'll go get it for you.'' He saw Jimin close his eyes before he left the room. He walked into the kitchen, quickly retrieving the medicine from the counter. It was still sitting out from where Namjoon had retrieved some for Taehyung about an hour ago. He moved back to the living room with the pills and two bottles of water. He gave one of them to Jungkook, who just eyed it with tired eyes for a few minutes before finally taking a few sips. Jimin took the medication rather quickly, but he did not drink much of the water.
'' You need to drink that Jimin. You can't get dehydrated.'' Jin said.
'' I don't want to be sick again.'' Jimin whined.
'' I know, but you have to try. If you get dehydrated then I might have to take you to the ER.'' Jin said. Horror appeared in Jimin's eyes at that.
'' No. No hospital.'' Jimin snapped.
'' Then please, drink the water.'' Jin said. Jimin nodded, and tried his best to take a few more sips before he set the water bottle down. Jin watched as the two maknae got comfortable on the couch, each one leaning on the other. Jimin's eyes were half lidded as he sat there, but Jungkook looked like he was completely out cold. Jin decided to just leave the two be so they could get some sleep. He walked back to the kitchen a moment later to return the medicine to the cabinet. He reached up to place it on the shelf.
The dizziness returned with a vengeance.
It slammed into Jin's head like a bowling ball, and he gasped for air as the room around him began to spin violently. The pill box slid from his grasp before it could even reach the cabinet, and it fell to the counter to bounce off onto the floor. The contents spilled out at his feet as he stood there with his hands at his head. He stumbled backwards, one of his hands reaching out to grip the counter. However, his hand just missed it.
He was left weightless for a few seconds, not even realizing what was happening before he found himself falling to the ground. He did not even register the fall at first until he felt the dizziness intensify when his head hit the tile floor. He lay there motionless, his head still spinning. His ears were ringing and popping painfully as he lay there.
He could not be sure, but he thought he heard a voice screaming his name before darkness wrapped around his mind to pull him under.



Chapter 6



Jimin had heard the crash in the kitchen before he had registered that Jin had left the room.
His thoughts had been elsewhere shortly after his eldest hyung had given him some more medicine. They were mainly on the pain that was still roiling in his stomach. It felt like it would tear him apart at any second, but he was glad that for the most part the nausea was finally over with.
'' Jin?'' Jimin called out, listening for an answer. One never came, and he began to get worried after that. He sat forward on the couch, turning his head to the doorway leading into the kitchen. '' Jin-hyung? Are you alright in there?'' He still did not receive a response. He was now worried beyong belief as he turned to Jungkook. He tried to shake him awake, but the poor kid was out like a light. There would be no help from him for this, so Jimin would have to do it. As it was Namjoon and Yoongi both had their hands full with the others. 
Jimin did his best ot get up off the couch without making any noises of pain, but there was no hiding the pain across his face. It was really bad, but once he was standing it started to subside. He was glad to find that it was staying at an even 6 on the pain scale compared to the at least 9 it had been a few minutes prior. Jimin shuffled his way into the kitchen, and peered inside to see what was going on.
He could not stop the scream of horror that escaped him when he found Jin lying on the floor.
He was completely motionless, his eyes screwed shut as he laid there on his side. Jimin ran to his side, falling to his knees at Jin's side as the pain in his stomach seemed to intensify with the stress he now felt. He reached down to pull Jin's hand into his lap, but his hand brushed against something wet on the side of his head. He turned his head over, and was horrified to find a thin stream of blood flowing from his ear.
Jimin had tears running down his face now as he turned to scream for Namjoon and Yoongi, praying desperately that one of them was awake to help him.
 
---
 
Namjoon's head snapped around at the sound of a scream from down the stairs.
'' Namjoon?'' Taehyung's head popped up from where it had been resting on his shoulder. '' What was that?'' He asked in a groggy voice. Namjoon did not know what to say at first. He kept his head turned towards the doorway, waiting for another holler. If he had actually heard someone scream, then they were bound to be calling out any second now.
'' Namjoon?..... Answer me please, what's going on?'' Taehyung begged.
Namjoon turned to try and shush him back to sleep, but another shout from downstairs had him shooting out of the bed. That had been Jimin, and he was yelling for them. Was he sick again? Had something happened downstairs? He did not know, but what he did know what that he was needed.
'' Stay here Taehyung.'' Namjoon called over his shoulder. He saw Taehyung briefly when he turned, sitting up on the bed with his hair sticking all over the place, and a scared look on his face. Whether it was because he was leaving the room, or because of the shout, he was unsure of. Namjoon ran out of the room a moment later, leaving Taehyung alone in the room.
 
---
 
Yoongi had been surfing his phone with Hoseok dozing on his chest when he had heard the shout.
Both of them had snapped to attention at the sound, their heads whipping to the door. Hoseok had whipped his head back around to look at Yoongi with half lidded eyes.
'' Was that Jimin?'' He asked in a groggy voice.
'' I'm not sure.'' Yoongi felt deep down that something was wrong. '' Hobi, I need to get up.'' Yoongi said.
'' But you promised.'' Hoseok whined, but he did as he was asked.
'' This might be important Hobi. I promise I will come right back.'' Yoongi said. He was glad that Hoseok's fever was finally starting to come down, but it was still hanging on to him. Yoongi wanted nothing more then to take his pain away, but he could not do that.
It was only a few seconds after he had gotten off the bed that he heard Jimin not only screaming for Namjoon, but for himself as well. This had Yoongi darting to the door, throwing it open so hard that it almost broke a hole in the wall. Hoseok had shot up in the bed with a shout, but Yoongi turned back into the room to face him.
'' Stay here.'' He said before turning back down the hall. Namjoon had just exited his own room, a panicked look on his face.
'' Do you know what this is about?'' Yoongi asked.
'' No.'' Namjoon said breathlessly, and then the two were running down the stairs.
 
---
 
Jungkook may be a heavy sleeper when he is sick, but there was no way that he could sleep through Jimin's scream of terror.
He had snapped awake at the sound, his voice still ringing in his ears as he fully woke.
Wait..... That had been Jimin.... and Jimin was sick.... Oh no.
Jungkook was off the couch in seconds, running as fast as he dared even with his fever to reach the kitchen where the scream had come from. When he entered the room he found Jimin crying on the floor. He was kneeling overtop Jin, who was splayed out on his side unconscious.
'' Jimin... What happened?'' Jungkook asked. He knelt beside Jimin, his eyes starting to tear up at the sight of his hyung out cold on the floor.
'' I don't know. I heard something fall and then this.'' Jimin said, tears streaming down his face as he spoke. He was practically panicking as he sat there staring at Jin. Jungkook reached out to grab his hands when the sound of footsteps filled his ears, but he quickly realized that there was something wet on his hand. He glanced down, and saw crimson staining his palm.
'' It's not mine.'' Jimin stated. Jungkook's hands began to shake as his eyes moved to stare at Jin. What on earth had happened to him?
'' Jimin!'' The two looked to the doorway to find Namjoon and Yoongi rushing inside. The two of them rushed to their side, falling beside the eldest member.
'' Namjoon, I found him like this. I don't know what happened.'' Jimin said.
'' It's going to be alright Jimin. Did you hear what happened?'' Namjoon asked. Yoongi was already running his hands over Jin's body searching for something unseen.
'' I heard him fall.... I though he had dropped something at first, but then I found him like this.'' Jimin said.
'' Crap, Namjoon.'' Yoongi called out to him, quickly grabbing his attention. '' Look here.'' Yoongi said, and then he carefully turned Jin's head over. There was no hiding the look of utter shock on Namjoon's face at the sight of a thin trail of blood escaping Jin's ear. When Yoongi revealed it, the sight had both Jungkook and Jimin panicking. Jimin had started to cry harder, and Jungkook was breathing hard and unable to move.
'' This is bad.'' Namjoon whispered. '' I'm calling an ambulance.'' Namjoon said. '' Keep an eye on him.''
'' Namjoon!'' Jimin suddenly reached out and grabbed ahold of Namjoon's wrist. He spun around to face him, seeing his bright eyes filled with terror. '' Is he going to be alright?'' Jimin asked, his voice quavering. Namjoon froze, unable to come up with an answer as he looked down at him.
'' I don't know.'' He finally whispered. Jimin let go of his wrist at that point, and then Namjoon was running to find the nearest cellphone to call 911. Yoongi stayed with Jin and the two maknae's in the kitchen. Jungkook was pushed back against the wall now, as far away from Jin as he could get despite the desperate look to be there that he had. Jungkook was cradling his head in his hands as he cried rather audibly. Jimin was the same way, but he was still right by Jin's side. Yoongi was at a loss about what to do. He had only seen something like this happen once, but he had been so young at the time that he barely remembered what he was supposed to do in this situation.
'' Y-yoongi?'' Jimin looked over to him. He looked broken as he sat there, one hand gripping at his stomach so tight that the knuckles were white, while the other was laid over Jin's chest as if to check that he was still breathing. '' He's.... He's going to be alright... right?'' Jimin asked. Yoongi bit at his bottom lip, his eyes moving to look at Jin's face again.
'' He'll be just fine... But we have to get him help.'' Yoongi said. Something like this he knew was not life threatening if it was what he thought it was. However, if it were what he thought it was, then Jin's hearing in that ear could be on the line. Time was ticking away, and every second that went by put a higher percentage on Jin loosing hearing in that ear. '' Stay here with him Jimin. I need to calm Jungkook down.'' Yoongi said. Jimin nodded his eyes, and then Yoongi was moving over to where Jungkook was resting against the wall.
'' Yoongi?'' Jungkook sobbed. He launched forward, wrapping his arms around Yoongi's middle section. He was taken aback by the action before reminding himself that not only was Jungkook upset, but he was also running a fever still. Yoongi wrapped him up in the embrace, rubbing a hand up and down his back. '' Please, tell me he will be alright.'' Jungkook begged through his sobs.
'' He will be fine, but we have to get him some help like I told Jimin. What happened to him.... Well, let's just say it is out of our hands.'' Yoongi said.
'' Why won't he wake up Hyung... Why?'' Jungkook asked.
'' I don't know Kookie..... It's possible that he knocked himself out when he fell.'' Yoongi hoped that was what happened, otherwise their friend could be worse off then he imagined. '' Don't worry Jungkook. He's going to be alright, but I need you to calm down now.'' Yoongi said. Jungkook nodded his head against Yoongi's chest as a pair of footsteps made their way into the kitchen.
'' An ambulance is on its way.'' Namjoon stated with the phone still held to his ear.
'' Good. Go check on the other two upstairs. They must be scared out of their minds about what happened.'' Yoongi suggested. Jungkook untangled himself from Yoongi's arms after that, and he moved to sit with Jin once again. Yoongi pushed up to join the two, but Namjoon grabbed him by the shoulder before he could get any farther then a few feet.
'' I'll stay with him.. Go check on Taehyung and Hobi.'' Namjoon stated. Yoongi could tell that this was more of an order then Namjoon asking him to do this, so he did as he was told. He raced up the stairs to the bedrooms to check on them, and Namjoon knelt beside Jin's still body.
He never thought he would pray as much as he was now that the eldest member would just wake up.
 
---
 
When the ambulance arrived, everyone in the dorm knew about what had happened. Yoongi had done his best to try and keep Taehyung and Hoseok upstairs, but the two would not listen to him. They had hobbled down the stairs with each others help only to find Jin on the floor in the kitchen. Both of them almost panicked until Yoongi pulled them aside to try and explain what he believed was wrong with Jin.
He just hoped that he was right about that.
The ambulance was there for all of five minutes, maybe even less then that. They had checked Jin over, shining a light in his eyes and a few other things, and then they were loading him onto the stretcher. They rushed him out to the ambulance, but quickly stated that there would be no riding with him. That was when Namjoon took it upon himself to follow the ambulance to the hospital.
'' I'll go.'' He had stated before snagging the key's for the van off the counter.
'' What about the others?'' Yoongi asked as he cast a glance over his shoulder. The entire maknae line and Hoseok had shoved themselves onto the couch. They were all deadly silent, their eyes cast down to the floor in worry. Hoseok was clearly trying to comfort Jimin some by throwing an arm around him, but it did not appear to be working.
'' Stay here with them. I'll call once I hear anything about his condition.'' Namjoon said.
'' Namjoon.'' He glanced back to the couch to find Jungkook staring at him. '' Please, bring him back.'' He whispered.
'' I will.'' Namjoon answered, and then he was out the door.



Chapter 7



Namjoon had been sitting in the waiting room for almost two hours now waiting to hear about Jin's condition.
When they had arrived in the ambulance the doctors had rushed him away to look him over. Namjoon had originally tried to follow him back, but a nurse had stopped him. She did not blame her for doing it, after all she was just doing her job, but he wanted nothing more then to follow his only hyung in the group back there. He let the nurse lead him out to the waiting room, but in the process she had noted the way that he did not look well himself. She had been kind enough to get him some strong medication which did help to alleviate the strange feeling in his head. He was thankful for her kindness, but it did not change the fact that he could not go see Jin.
A few doctors had been in and out while he had been here. He had hoped when he looked up to see them that they were hear to talk to him about Jin. However, every time a doctor entered it was to talk to another waiting family member or friend.
Namjoon felt like he was sinking into despair. He could have done something this morning when he had noticed the way that Jin was acting. He knew that he was not feeling well, but he was unwilling to pressure him into telling him what was wrong. If he had just tried to push Jin a little into telling him then maybe they would not be in this mess.... Then again, Namjoon had no doubt that he would have ended up dragging one of the members, if not himself or Jin, to the hospital. He bet if it had not been Jin then he would have been dragging both Taehyung and Jimin here to figure out why the two were puking their guts up.
There was a buzz in his pocket for what felt like the hundredth time since he had arrived here. It had been driving him crazy, but not as bad as not knowing what was happening to his friend. He finally reached for his phone, finding many long messages from the other members back at the dorm.

'' Namjoon-hyung, have you heard anything yet about Jin? The others are getting really worried about him and they won't leave me alone about it. Please text me back soon---- Yoongi.''


'' Namjoon.... Is Jin-hyung alright? We want to know after what we saw back here.---- Hobi.''


'' Please answer us Namjoon, we want to know about Jin-hyung.----Jimin.''


'' Have you even seen Jin-hyung yet? We really want to hear from him----Taehyung.'' 


'' Is Jin-hyung in danger because of his fall?... I'm scared hyung... please answer us----Jungkook.''

Namjoon let his head drop as he turned off the screen Even just reading the text made it feel like they were saying the words right to his face, and it made him feel guilty. He should have known that they would be worried like this, and not answering them at all had just made the situation worse. He turned the screen on for his phone after a few minutes, and proceeded to send a group text for all of them.

'' They would not let me follow Jin back where they are looking him over. I have yet to hear from a doctor or see him... I don't know what is wrong with him.'' 

The message sent rather quickly, and only a few seconds passed before Yoongi was throwing something up on the chat.
 '' You need to let us know what's up when you see Jin Namjoon.... I'm getting really worried. Jimin and Taehyung were so worried about him that they both got sick just a little while ago.... Hobi and Jungkook are not doing much better, it's tearing them apart. Pleast tell us what you can when you know.----Yoongi.'' 

'' I'll do what I can.''

Namjoon shoved his phone back into his pocket as he tried to put his attention on something else other then his sick Hyung. The TV across the room had a local news channel on at the moment, but Namjoon could not make out what the story was about. He was just watching it as a distraction. It was better then just staring at the adjacent wall with worry eating him away. He was not sure how long he was sitting there for, but there was eventually a hand landing on his shoulder. He looked up to find a doctor looking at him with tired eyes.
'' Are you were for Kim Seokjin?'' He asked in a deep voice.
'' Yes.... How is he?'' Namjoon pushed out of his chair to face the doctor.
'' Well, your friend was rather sick from what we found, but I want to know, did he complain of any headaches or maybe ear pain during the last few days?'' The doctor asked.
'' Not that I know of. We were just traveling a few days ago, and he seemed fine then.'' Namjoon stated.
'' By plane?'' The doctor question.
'' Yes, we were flying in from the states.'' Namjoon explained. '' Why do you ask?''
'' Well, it appears that your friend has suffered a ruptured eardrum.'' The doctor said. '' We did what we could for him, but it has to heal on its own from here.'' The doctor said.
'' What?'' Namjoon felt his body go numb at what he had said. Jin could never hear out of that ear again if it was bad. '' How... How bad was it?'' He asked.
'' It was not severe, but if it had gone untreated for much longer he could have lost his hearing for good.'' He explained.
'' What do you mean for good?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Currently, your friend has temporary deafness in his left ear from the rupture due to the hole in his eardrum. However, once the hole heals in a few weeks his hearing will return.'' The doctor explained. Namjoon was able to breath a sigh of relief at this as he glanced back towards the ER doors.
'' Can I go see him yet?'' Namjoon asked.
'' I don't see any harm in it.'' He said. '' Follow me.'' The doctor led Namjoon through the doors into the ER. There were a few nurses standing behind a counter, while another was walking briskly with a chart in hand. Namjoon did not let his eyes linger for long because he found himself entering the curtained off bed that Jin was laying in.
'' Remember, his ear needs to heal, so he can't be put under any stress, and no loud noises in that ear.'' The doctor said. '' From my understanding.... He is an idol, right?''
'' Yes.'' Namjoon said.
'' I understand that your schedules are very hectic, but he needs to take it easy. No loud noises, no stress, and if he appears to be in any pain to do with his head or ear you have to bring him in. If his ear gets infected then it could cost him his hearing.'' The doctor explained. It was all a big responsibility, but it was one that Namjoon was willing to take.
'' I understand.'' Namjoon said.
'' Good.'' With that out of the way the doctor pulled the curtain back to reveal Jin. He was laying back on the bed, his head turned to the side with his eyes closed.
'' Kim Seokjin, you have a visitor.'' The doctor stated. Namjoon watched as his eyes popped open after a short second, and his eyes flew to find him.
'' Hey Namjoon.'' He whispered. Namjoon closed the distance to the bed, one of his hands coming out to grab ahold of Jin's own hand. He held it tight, and Jin returned his own tight grip.
'' I'll give the two of you some privacy. I have a prescription written to help with the pain and to fend off infection. I'll dismiss you soon.'' The doctor said, and then he left the curtained off area. Jin pulled over a chair to sit down beside the bed. Jin was flashing him a small smile, but it was clearly filled with a little pain.
''  How do you feel?'' Namjoon asked.
'' High on pain meds.'' Jin said. '' And my ear's all.... muffly.'' He muttered, waving his free hand around his left ear.
'' Yeah I know. The doctor told me what happened.'' Namjoon said. He gripped Jin's hand a little tighter in his own. '' Why didn't you tell us that you weren't feeling well Jin? We could have gotten you some help to prevent this.''
'' I didn't think it was this bad.'' Jin said. '' When it started my ear didn't hurt, it was just a headache.... Then it started to ache a lot when I got dizzy around lunch time....  after that I don't know. I got really dizzy, and my ear popped loudly. Next thing I knew I was waking up in the ambulance with you at my side.'' Jin said. '' I shouldn't have been so careless. It doesn't set a good example for the others.'' He muttered.
'' You and I were so busy with trying to take care of the others. It's no wonder that you would try to hide it for their sake.'' Namjoon gripped his hand tighter. '' But... you should have still told us so we could give you a hand. Yoongi and I, even though we weren't feeling all that well, we could have done a lot more then we really did.'' Namjoon said.
'' Don't blame yourself... It's not your fault Namjoon.'' He argued. Jin let his eyes slide shut, and they seemed to squeeze tight.
'' Are you alright?'' Namjoon asked in alarm.
'' It's alright.'' Jin cracked an eye open with a small smile. '' Just a little dizzy. The doctor said this could happen.'' Jin explained. Namjoon squeezed his hand a little tighter in his hand.
'' The others are really worried about you right now.'' Namjoon said. '' They wouldn't stop texting me out in the waiting room.'' He explained.
'' Is that so?'' Jin let his smile drop. '' I didn't know they would be that worried.'' He mumbled.
'' Yeah.... It's bad enough that Jimin and Taehyung got sick again from the stress.'' Namjoon said.
'' I didn't know.'' Jin said, his head dropping to his chest. Namjoon felt bad now. He had clearly made his hyung feel bad about what had happened when he had not meant to.
That's when an idea came to him.
'' Hey, why don't we send them a photo of you to prove that you're alright.'' Namjoon suggested. Jin raised his head to look back, and the smile had returned.
'' That sounds like a good idea.'' He said. Namjoon grinned at this as he untangled his hand from Jin's he moved to the front of the bed while pulling out his cellphone. He turned the camera on and pointed it at Jin. Jin did his best to smile for the camera as he also flashed a thumbs up. He caught the photo, and then showed Jin to make sure he liked it. When Jin gave the approval Namjoon posted it to the group chat with a short message.

'' Jin is doing fine now. His ear drum burst from an infection, so no loud sounds when we get back, or for the next few weeks on orders from the doctor.''

It was not even a few seconds before the chat blew up with messages from the other five members.

'' Are you serious? I didn't think he was that sick.----Hobi''


'' I can't believe that it was that bad, but at least he's ok now----Taehyung.''


'' I figured it was something along those lines, but he needed to see a doctor in case it was something worse. Tell him not to push himself----Yoongi''


'' Thank god Jin-hyung is alright.----Jungkook.''


'' At least you are alright. We were so worried about you Jin-hyung.----Jimin.''

'' Aw... They didn't have to be that worried about me. I'm alright now.'' Jin said.
'' I know, but at the time it was really scary. I'll admit that it was scary to find you passed out on the floor.'' Namjoon said.
'' I still don't know why I passed out.'' Jin mumbled.'' I remember the popping and being dizzy when I fell, but I don't remember passing out.''
'' The dizziness must have been to much for you.'' Namjoon said. '' It's nothing to be sorry about either. It happens.''
'' Namjoon?'' He looked up to find Jin flashing him a smile. '' Thank you for being here.'' Jin said.
'' I know.... I just wish it was under different circumstances.'' He said. Jin laughed a little at this before letting his head fall back on the pillow. Namjoon stayed by his side for the next hour before the doctor finally allowed them to leave.



Chapter 8



Yoongi was sitting on the couch surrounded by the other four members that had remained at the dorm when Namjoon had left with Jin a few hours ago.
Jimin and Taehyung were leaning on each other at one end of the couch, the two clearly ready to drop at any second. Yoongi had thought to send the two upstairs to rest in their room's, but it was clear that neither one of them wanted to leave the room, so Yoongi left them be. Jungkook was curled up on the other available cushion, his head resting in Yoongi's lap. He had fallen asleep not long after Namjoon had texted with news about Jin, all of his stress finally gone. He was still running a fever, much like Hoseok was, but it was slowly starting to go down. Yoongi glanced up to find Hoseok in the arm chair, curled up in a tight ball with a blanket over him. He was also asleep like Jungkook. He had crashed literal seconds after texting Namjoon back after getting the good news. It seemed that now that they knew what had happened everyone was calmed down, and resting.
'' Yoongi-Hyung?'' Jimin whispered. The two turned to look over to the maknae.
'' What is it?'' He asked.
'' When will Jin-Hyung be getting home?'' He asked. Yoongi reached over to set a hand on Jimin's shoulder, giving it a short squeeze. Taehyung looked up from where his head was laying against Jimin's shoulders, and his eyes cracked open.
'' Will Jin-Hyung be coming home tonight?'' Taehyung asked as his eyes fell shut again.
'' I don't know Taetae.'' Yoongi answered. '' But he's going to be alright. That's what matters. He will be home before you know it.'' Yoongi said.
'' That's good.... I can't wait to see him.'' Jimin said, and then his eyes slid shut along with Taehyungs. It was not long before the two were giving off soft snores. Yoongi chuckled a little at this before turning his head down to Jungkook. He was still out cold, his mouth hanging open. He moved to change position's, and in the process one of his arms flopped off the couch. Yoongi was nice enough to pull it back up to rest on Jungkook's chest so he would not get a sore shoulder or anything. Yoongi threw one last glance towards Hoseok to find that he was still asleep before he laid his head back against the couch.
He was out cold within seconds.
 
---
 
The sound of the door opening late at night was what woke the five members from their sleep.
In the span of a few seconds all of them were wide awake, or as far awake as they would be getting. Their eyes were trained on the door as Namjoon walked inside, followed closely by Jin. He was holding a small white bag in his hands which they all knew was medication to help with his ear.
'' Jin-Hyung.'' They all said at once, but they were sure to keep their voices down. Jin was smiling from ear to ear when he saw them.
'' Hey guys.'' Jin said. '' It's good to be home.''
Without warning all the members were on their feet, and they launched themselves at him. Jin was surprised at the sudden attack, and he was almost thrown off his feet as they tackled him in a large hug. He could just hear Namjoon trying to stifle his laughing as best he could while the others kept asking him questions.
'' How are you feeling Jin-Hyung?''
'' Do you feel tired, you should get some rest.''
'' You better tell us what happened after you left.''
'' Are you going to be alright Hyung?''
Jin laughed just slightly, glad that they were all making sure to keep their voices down for him.
'' I'm alright guys. I'll be just fine.'' Jin said. He tried his best to return the hug, but it was hard to do when it was five to one. He managed it none the less, and when he was done the others were pulling back. There was no missing the way that both Jimin and Taehyung still appeared to be in pain, their arms hovering over their stomachs. Both Hoseok and Jungkook still appeared to have fevers, but they were more alert then they had been when he had last seen them.
'' The doctors said that he has to let his ear heal for the next few weeks.'' Namjoon explained.
'' What? But we start up again in a few days. What are you going to do about that?'' Jimin asked.
'' I'll play it safe.'' Jin said. '' I'll be fine.''
'' Don't push yourself Hyung.'' Yoongi piped in before a weak cough escaped him. '' You need to tell us if you don't feel well, this is no joking matter.''
'' I know.'' Jin said.
'' Are you tired Hyung... Maybe you should go to bed.'' Jungkook piped in.
'' Now that you mention it.'' Jin raised a hand to rub at his eyes for a second. '' I am rather tired.'' He mumbled.
'' Why don't we get you to bed then.'' Yoongi said. '' Come on.'' Yoongi wrapped an arm around Jin's shoulder, and began to lead him towards the stairs. The others watched a little while as the two went up the stairs. Jin flashed them all a smile.
'' See you in the morning.'' Jin said, and then he was gone.
'' It's getting pretty late.'' Namjoon mumbled, looking up at the clock. It was already ten o'clock. '' Why don't we all go to bed.'' He mentioned.
'' Let's go sleep with Jin-hyung.'' Jungkook said, raising his arms into the air.
'' I don't think that's a good idea Kookie. Jin-Hyung needs his rest.'' Taehyung argued. '' We should just let him sleep.''
'' But I want to make sure that he's really ok.'' Jungkook argued.
'' I agree with Jungkook.'' Jimin said. '' After what I saw earlier.... I just want to make sure that he's really telling the truth.''
'' I agree with that.'' Hoseok said. All eyes moved to look at Namjoon, who heaved a sigh at the puppy dog eyes they threw at him. He only had to motion to the stairs, and then they were all going up. Namjoon followed closely behind, snatching a few extra pillows and blankets from the other bedrooms before he entered the one that Yoongi and Jin had disappeared into. There were hushed voices from inside as he pushed the door open. He found that Yoongi was working with both Hoseok and Jungkook to push the two beds together. Jin was standing off to the side, one of his arms thrown over Jimin who was snuggled up to his side with his eyes closed. Namjoon took note of the fact that the look of discomfort had returned to Jimin's face, but Jin was doing his best to comfort him. Taehyung was sitting against the wall next to the door, his arms wrapped around his legs as he watched them move the beds together. When they seemed to be done with the move, Namjoon chucked the extra blankets and pillows onto the surface. Jin was the first one on the bed, practically forced down by a hard pull from Yoongi. Jimin was not far behind him, nuzzling his way further into Jin's side when a shove from Taehyung had him moving closer. Yoongi was laying against Jin's back, his arms open for invitation as Hoseok crawled onto the bed. He let Yoongi wrap him up, and hold him close. Namjoon could not stop the smile that spread across his face as he moved towards the bed. Jungkook was trying to squeeze his way in between Yoongi and Jin, but gave up in the end to just lay against the two of them. Namjoon did not even try to fit into the space, He instead just plopped down at the foot of the bed to lay over the other members legs.
No one complained about it being cramped even though it was, and no one tried to push or make room. They were all content the way that they were, and they stayed that way for the rest of the night.
Jin could not be more blessed to have this group.
 
---
 
The next morning started out almost the same as the others.
Jimin and Taehyung, though they were no longer vomiting, were still having stomach problems. Yoongi's cough had yet to go away, and did not sound any better than it had when it had started. Jungkook and Hoseok were still running fevers, but they were nothing compared to the day prior. The two could at least think straight now thankfully. Namjoon still felt like he was coming down with something, but it was much better now.
And Jin, he felt the exact same as he woke up with a headache, and a rather dizzy spell.
He had chosen to stay in bed that day. Though it had not just been because of the dizzy spell's he kept having. It was more because the other's would not let him get out of the bed when he had nearly cracked his head off the bedside table that morning. Namjoon had made sure to bring him meals that day, and the others had been in and out to keep him company. One of them, mainly Jimin, had actually crashed in the bed with him when his stomach pain had become to much.
'' Knock knock.'' The door opened up to allow Namjoon to step inside with a tray in hand. They had decided to order dinner for that night, but he was at least nice enough to bring it up before he sat down to eat himself. He found Jimin still sleeping against Jin's side, and Jin was watching something on his cellphone. '' What you doing there?'' Namjoon asked, setting the tray down. He made a note to bring Jimin's dinner up later as well, knowing that he would not be leaving Jin's side for the rest of the day.
'' One of our fans saw us at the hospital last night.'' Jin said.
'' I'm not surprised. What did they have to say?'' Namjoon asked, sitting on the edge of the bed.
'' They were worried.'' Jin said. '' I made a post earlier to explain what happened. People have been blowing up our twitter ever since.'' He said. He turned the phone around to let Namjoon see, and he was shocked to see how many people had viewed the post.
'' Wow.'' He mumbled.
'' Yeah.'' He shut his phone off as he turned his eyes down to Jimin. He had made a small noise as one of his arms shifted to wrap around his stomach. Jin wrapped his arm a little tighter around Jimin, his hand snaking around to rub softly at his stomach. The pain on his face relaxed slightly as he leaned further into Jin's side. '' He's still not feeling well. I wish I could just take his pain away..... Both him and Taetae.'' Jin mumbled.
'' If you did that, then you would be bent over the toilet because of both pain and dizziness.'' Namjoon said. Jin giggled a bit at this.
'' How are the others doing. I haven't seen them in awhile.'' Jin said.
'' Both Hobi and Jungkook's fevers broke finally, though they are bone tired still. Probably won't be long before they're crawling into bed with you again.'' Namjoon explained. '' Yoongi's still trying to cough up a lung, and Taehyung was passed out with a heating pad on his stomach last I saw.'' He added.
'' That's good.'' Jin sighed. '' Is his stomach still hurting?'' He asked.
'' A little bit, though I don't think its as bad as Jimin here.'' Namjoon said.
'' I'm starting to wonder if they got food poisoning or something.'' Jin mumbled.
'' Well, they did eat that nasty plane food the rest of us refused... So anything's possible.'' Namjoon said.
'' Yeah... I guess so.'' Silence fell once more as Namjoon stood from the bed.
'' Alright, I'll leave you be to eat. I'll bring Jimin's food up here soon.'' Namjoon said.
'' That sounds like a good idea.'' Jin said. He waved at Namjoon as he shut the door before turning his attention back to his phone.
The get well messages had made his heart swell when he had been reading them. He had not been able to tear his eyes away before Namjoon had set foot into the room. Now that he was gone, his eyes were back on his cellphone reading the posts as he held Jimin close.
He was so grateful.



epilogue



A week had passed by now, and most of the members were coming off of what ever illness they had managed to catch.
Jimin and Taehyung both were no longer having stomach problems, and after some thought they remembered what it was they ate that had caused it in the first place. They swore that day to never again eat that food. Yoongi, though still dealing with a cough, was not nearly as bad as he had been when it had started. Namjoon was well again to, his body no longer feeling like it was packed full of led. Both Hoseok and Jungkook's fevers had finally broken, and the two were back to their normal selves.
Everything was fine, except for Jin's ear.
'' Remember your ear plugs Hyung?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Yes.'' Jin mumbled, opening his bag to let the leader see them.
'' And your medicine?'' He asked.
'' Yes Namjoon, stop worrying about me. I've got everything I need.'' He stated.
'' It's no joking matter Hyung. If you're not careful then this practice could cause some serious damage.'' Yoongi called out from across the room.
'' I know.... Trust, me I know.'' Jin raised a hand up to his ear. It had only been a week since the incident, and it scared him to think that if it got any worse then this that he could loose his hearing in that ear. As it was, anything that he could hear through that ear sounded muffled at best. Even though the doctor had told him that this was normal, he did not like it.
'' It's going to be alright Jin.'' Jungkook piped in, flashing the oldest member a smile. '' After all, Sejin did state that you were going to sit out and watch today.''
'' All you have to worry about is making sure the sound doesn't hurt your ear.'' Namjoon added.
'' I know.'' Jin said. He glanced around the room for a moment, realizing that there were only three members in there with him. '' Where are the others?'' Jin asked. They all flashed an eye up the stairs where the sound of footsteps could still be heard moving around. They were still trying to get ready to go.
'' I've got an idea.'' Namjoon said, flashing a cheeky grin towards Yoongi.
''  This isn't good.'' He mumbled, but he did know what to do.
They had come up with a system for when someone knew they were going to shout so they could keep Jin safe. Yoongi quickly grabbed ahold of Jin's arm, and pulled him to the other side of the room. Jin did not protest, knowing what was going to happen. Jin dug around in his bag for one of the many pairs of ear plugs he had put inside. He shoved them in his ear before placing his hands over them, and then Yoongi placed his hand's over Jin's He was unable to hear much of anything, but he was able to see the way that Jungkook was trying not to laugh through the hand covering his mouth. Namjoon was slowly moving towards the stairs with a cheeky grin on his face.
He looked over to Jin to make sure he was ready, and then he began to shout.
'' HOSEOK, JIMIN, TAEHYUNG, YOU HAVE THREE SECONDS BEFORE WE LEAVE YOU BEHIND TO WALK!'' Namjoon shouted. There was a few different shouts from the bedrooms before the sound of running feet could be heard. Jin was unable to hear any of the shouting, but he could guess from the way that the others were cringing that Namjoon had been pretty loud. He kept his ears covered as three sets of legs appeared on the stairs practically fighting their way in front of the other to be the first down the stairs. Taehyung was the first one down the stairs, quickly followed by Jimin and Hoseok who both looked flustered. Namjoon was laughing his head off just like Jungkook, and both Jin and Yoongi were trying to stifle their laughter at the sight of the three flustered members.
'' Why didn't you tell us we were so late? We would've been down sooner.'' Taehyung whined, running a hand through his messy hair. Jimin had sunk back against one of the stairs, his head hanging low as Hoseok just stared off in silence. The three clearly were not amused by this, but the other four were.
'' It was funny though.'' Namjoon said through his laughter.
'' I agree.'' Jin piped up, uncovering his ears to free the earplugs from inside.
'' It wasn't funny to us.'' Jimin said, lifting his head to glare at the others. He stood from the stairs, grabbing his bag to throw over his shoulder. '' Let's just go before we're late.'' He mumbled. Jin threw a glance at the clock, and realized that they had cut it close today. They needed to leave now.
'' Right. Let's hop to. Come on.'' Jin said, reaching to open the door up. The others followed closely behind, ready for their first day back to practice.
 
---
 
Practice had been going fine for the most part. No one had been having to many problems that day, although Yoongi's cough was coming back with a vengeance. He was still able to practice, but he was clearly becoming more and more winded as time went by.
'' Alright, let's take a break before Yoongi kills over.'' Namjoon muttered, noting the way he was bent over trying to catch his breath.
'' No, It's alright.'' Yoongi tried to argue. '' I can keep going.'' He stated.
'' No you can't.'' Hoseok suddenly piped in. '' You look like you're about to pass out. You need to sit down.'' Yoongi did not like the idea of doing this, but he did so none the less. He moved to tage a seat beside Jin, who was sitting in front of the mirror so he could easily watch the practice. He had his pone out at the moment reading through something that Yoongi could not make out.
'' Anything interesting going on over here?'' Yoongi asked, leaning his head back against the mirror.
'' Not really.'' Jin said, setting his phone aside. Just watching practice, checking twitter.... that fun stuff.''
'' Yeah, really fun.'' Yoongi mumbled. The two sat there chattering with each other, Jungkook and Taehyung joining them a few minutes later to talk about the new dance routine that Hoseok had been talking with them about. They had been talking about the dance for all of five minutes before there was a shout from the other side of the room. They all looked over to find Jimin had tripped on something, but he was falling towards the computer that played the music through the speakers on the wall. Yoongi nearly panicked, and he shot off the floor to run towards the maknae. Hoseok was also running towards them, but he was unable to reach him in time before Jimin's arm hit something on the console. Jin was unable to cover his ears in time before the loud music of the new dance routine began to blare through the speakers. The sound made his ears ring horrible, and his ear began to hurt horribly as he raised his hand to cover it up. The music lasted all of a few minutes, Hoseok reaching the console in time to shut it off.
'' Jin-Hyung!'' Jungkook and Taehyung reached out when Jin started to pitch forward, bending in half to the point that his head was almost on his knees. He was cupping his ears in pain, his hands shaking as he made a pained noise. Jungkook set a hand on Jin's arm, feeling him shake under his hand.
'' Is he alright?'' Jungkook and Taehyung looked back to find Namjoon running towards them in worry. He fell to his knees beside Jin, one of his hands coming out to grab his shoulder.
'' I don't know.'' Taehyung said. '' The sound caught him off guard.'' Namjoon kept his hand on Jin's arm as he tried to coax his hands off of his ears.
'' Jin, it's alright, you can uncover your ears now.'' Jin finally opened his eyes after a moment, and they moved to stare at Namjoon. They were filled with pain. '' You need to uncover your ear so we can see.'' Namjoon said. Jin nodded, but his eyes slammed shut at this. He must have gotten dizzy. He uncovered his ears after this, and allowed Namjoon to check him over.
Yoongi, Hoseok, and Jimin had all come over to see what was going on now, their eyes glued to Jin as Namjoon looked him over.
'' Is he alright?'' Yoongi asked. Namjoon did not answer him as he continued his assessment. He looked all over to make sure that he had not missed something, but he was happy to find that it did not look like the noise had caused any severe damage.
'' It's not severe.'' Namjoon said, keeping his voice down. '' How do you feel Jin?'' He asked.
'' Dizzy.'' He answered, his eyes still closed. '' Head hurts now.'' He mumbled.
'' Someone grab his bag.'' Namjoon said. This had Yoongi running over to where Jin had it sitting near the tables across the room. He brought it over to Namjoon who rummaged around inside to find the medication that the doctor had given him. They were strong pain meds for just this type of medication. The bottle was still full given how Jin had not yet had to use them. The prescription called for two pills, but when he tried to give Jin two he put one of them back into the open bottle. Namjoon tried to force the pill back into his hands, but Jin refused so he let it be. Hoseok handed Jin a water bottle to take the medicine with. He tried to hand the bottle back when he was done, but Hoseok insisted that he keep it. He kept it in the end.
'' You think you're going to be alright now?'' Namjoon asked. There was a moment of silence as Jin just sat there with his head leaned back.
'' Yeah.'' He whispered. '' Just wish that my ear would stop ringing.'' He muttered.
'' It might be awhile before that stops.'' Yoongi said. '' Just try to get some rest.'' He stated.
'' I know.'' Jin said. There was silence as they all sat together for a few more minutes.
'' You guys should get back to practice.'' Jin said. '' I'll be alright.'' He stated. He reached for the earplugs resting at his side, and quickly shoved them into his ears. He laid his head back against the mirror.
'' Are you sure?'' Namjoon asked.
'' Don't worry.'' Jin said. He flashed him a smile. '' I'll be alright you guys... Stop worrying about me.'' He stated.
'' Alright then, if you say so.'' the others began to move back to the dance floor after that. They made sure to keep the music low for the rest of the practice, and they ended up cutting it short in the end. Jin was still rather dizzy when they returned to the dorm, but it was not as bad as when the sound had caught him off guard. He was able to walk in a straight lie at least, so that had to be good.
When they returned home Jin had crashed onto the couch. He was clearly dizzy enough to not want to cook that night even if he had wanted to, so Namjoon had ordered some take out. They were just waiting for him to get back with it. Yoongi had disappeared into his studio to work on the new music until Namjoon got back so the other four were left to there own devises.
However, they were a little more worried about Jin at the moment.
'' Jun-hyung?'' There was silence for a moment as the two watched Jin turn his head to look at them.
'' What's the matter?'' He asked.
'' Are you actually alright... after what happened earlier?'' Jimin asked.
'' We are really worried about you Hyung. We just want to know that you are alright.'' Taehyung said. Jin glanced around the room, noting that both Hoseok and Jungkook were watching from the stairs with worry as well. It was as if the question that Jimin had proposed had caught them off guard.
'' I'm fine guys. Stop worrying already.'' Jin said. There was silence for a moment as he laid there, but then there was movement on the couch. He looked up after a few seconds to find Jimin taking a seat on the couch. Taehyung was seated on the armrest on his other side, his eyes on Jin as he looked back. There was movement on his right, and when he looked over he found Hoseok and Jungkook coming down the stairs. The two moved towards the couch, but quickly found that there was no room left. Instead, the two sat on the floor beside Jin's head.
'' You guy's really don't believe what I'm telling you, do you?'' Jin asked. He felt a hand grab at his, and found it to belong to Jungkook.
'' No... But we want to do what we can to make you feel better.'' Jungkook said. Jin smiled at this, letting his eyes drift shut.
'' Being here with all of you is enough for me.'' Jin said.
 
It was about a half hour later when Namjoon returned with dinner that he found the five members on or around the couch out cold with Jin laying in the middle.




Afterword
Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



