



Something Wicked - Sabeley - SKAM TV
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

Something Wicked
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/12453261.
  


Rating:
Mature
Archive Warning:
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings
Category:
M/M
Fandom:
SKAM (TV)
Relationship:
Even Bech Næsheim/Isak Valtersen
Character:
Isak Valtersen, Even Bech Næsheim, Elias Bakkoush, Magnus Fossbakken, Jonas Noah Vasquez, Eva Kviig Mohn, Vilde Lien Hellerud, Mikael Øverlie Boukhal, Mahdi Disi, Sana Bakkoush
Additional Tags:
Alternate Universe - College/University, American College AU, Rivals to Lovers, Fake Murder Mystery, Mystery, Halloween, Blow Jobs, Fluff and Humor
Stats:

        Published: 2017-10-22
        Words: 11223
      

Something Wicked
by Sabeley
Summary
Attention residents: This Halloween will be one to die for. For the next four weeks, Nissen Hall will be taking part in a role-play murder mystery extravaganza. Do you think you can figure out whodunnit before time runs out? Or will you be the next to die? All interested victims can sign up below.
Or the one where Isak and Even are each convinced the other is a fake murderer, but they are for real turned on by it anyways.
Notes
Just a little something to get you into the Halloween spirit!

          See the end of the work for more notes




Something Wicked


    “There was another murder last night.”


    Isak wasn’t sure what it said about his sense of self-preservation that
    those words sent a jolt of excitement coursing through him. Despite the
    fact that he was already way past late to his eight AM lecture, he skidded
    to a stop in front of the desk at the entrance to his dorm. The room was
    decorated, just as it had been all month, with an assortment of Halloween
    paraphernalia: cobwebs, fairy lights, and plastic vampire bats hung
    haphazardly from the ceiling; a life-size mummy statue stood in the corner,
    successfully terrifying every drunk college student who stumbled home after
    hours; and somehow, despite the restrictions on candles, the whole
    place smelled like cinnamon and nutmeg.


    Elias, one the RAs, was on desk duty that morning, but it wasn’t him that
    had spoken. It was Even, looking more delectable than ever as he sat
    perched half on top of the desk, his cheeks flushed from what looked to be
    an early morning outing since his scarf was still bundled up to his chin.
    There were two cups off steaming hot coffee sitting next to him.


    “Who?” Isak asked, directing his question to Elias instead. Out of the
    corner of his eye, he saw Even smirk.


    “Magnus,” Elias replied, his voice thick as he pretended to get choked up.
    “I heard the killer poisoned his lube—his whole dick fell off. Tragic. He
    was taken so young.”


    Isak rolled his eyes. “You two seriously expect us to believe that you
don’t know who the killer is?” he asked. “Mikael’s your    best friend. No way he planned this whole thing without some
    help.”


    “If he did, it wasn’t us,” Elias said with a shrug, but then corrected
    himself. “Or it wasn’t me.”


    “I wasn’t me either!” Even cried, holding his hands up in innocence.


    “That’s what you say,” Elias hedged, “but I was the first one
    murdered and who the fuck else would choose to kill me?”


“Uh, I don’t know,” Even said, pretending to think about it. “Your    sister? Yousef? Why does everyone think it’s me?” His blue eyes
    were bright with mischief. Isak examined them carefully, knowing he could
    pass it off as trying to suss out any signs of a lie, but really he was
    just staring because despite everything else, Even had very pretty eyes.


    “You’ve got this intense, serial killer-like stare going on,” Isak said,
    waving his hand in front of Even’s general face area.


    Even smirked, turning that intense gaze on him instead—only now it didn’t
look like he wanted to murder him. It looked like he wanted to    devour him. In a sexual way. “Only when I look at you.”


    Isak swallowed hard and tried to will the blush from his cheeks. They had
    been flirting for months and Isak wasn’t sure how much more of it
he could take before he gave in. He wasn’t even sure why he was resisting    now except that the whole cat-and-mouse thing they had going on
was more fun than he could remember having in years.    You know what else is fun? his brain supplied. Sex. And
    yes, there was that.


    Elias snorted, drawing their attention back to him. “You two need to just
    bone already. But you know the drill.” He reached out and picked up a
    bright orange plastic pumpkin and gave it a shake. “Guesses on who the
    killer is go in here. Mikael will tally the results at the end of the night
    and tell us if we got it right. Fourth time’s the charm, huh?”


    Isak grunted, already wondering how he was going to convince the rest
    of the dorm that it really was Even this time, and took two steps towards
    the door before he heard Even hop down onto the floor behind him. When he
    turned, Even was holding out his second cup of coffee for Isak to take.


    “Coffee?” he offered with a smile.


    Isak narrowed his eyes, but took it, knowing that the warmth would feel
    good against his hands once he stepped outside. “Did you poison this like
    you poisoned Magnus’s lube?” he asked. Even laughed.


    “Can’t I just do a nice thing for one of my residents without it being
    creepy?”


    “That just made it creepy,” Elias pointed out and Isak
    smirked, but took a sip of the coffee nevertheless. It was only polite. He
    was assaulted immediately by an overwhelming sweetness and scrunched his
    nose up in surprise.


    “Oh my god,” he choked, holding the drink away from him. “Please don’t tell
    me this is—”


    “Pumpkin spice latte,” Even nodded, taking a sip of his own. “It’s very
    good, Isak. You’ll like it.” Isak rolled his eyes, and although he would
    never admit it, he finished the whole thing before he even made it to his
    lecture hall.


    *


    “It all happened so fast,” Magnus opined later in the day when Isak, Jonas,
    and Eva arrived to investigate the murder that had taken place the night
    before. Vilde sat on the bed beside Magnus, cradling his head to her chest
    as she offered emotional support in the wake of his fake murder. “One
    minute I was asleep and the next I was just…dead. I don’t even know when it
    happened.”


    “It was very traumatic,” Vilde added. “I was here too, you know? Didn’t
    hear a thing. Whoever did it is very good.”


    “Where was Mahdi?” Jonas asked, pointing to the neatly made bed on the
    other side of the room.


    “He said he was spending the night at Anna’s,” Magnus said, starting to get
    choked up once more. Vilde reeled him in closer. “But I texted him this
    morning to let him know the news.”


    Isak rolled his eyes at his friends' dramatics and began searching the room
    instead, looking under beds and through drawers. One clue per murder—that
    was the rule—and he was going to find it.


    “There’s no need to do that,” Vilde snapped, clearly angry that he was more
    concerned about solving the case than commiserating over her newly dead
    boyfriend. He turned back to her sheepishly. “Even found it earlier. It’s
    on the desk.”


    “Even found it?” he asked—accused, really—brushing past Eva to
    look at the crinkled piece of paper that was being held flat to the desk by
    Magnus’s laptop in one corner and a bottle of Axe in the other. “What is
    this? A syllabus?”


    “To Professor Nguyen’s Intro to Bio class,” Vilde provided. “Like that
    helps at all.”


    “Even’s in that class,” Isak pointed out immediately. Next to him, Eva
    snorted.


    “So are you,” she said. “And me. And Vilde, Sana, Mahdi. Half the people in
this dorm are in that class. Why are you so adamant that it’s Even? He    found the clue. Why would he do that? He could have just hid it.”


    “Because,” Isak snapped. “He’s trying to get the suspicion off of himself.”


    “And how’s he supposed to do that with you accusing him every single time?”


    “He says it’s you, you know,” Vilde added, the hmph
    unsaid, but heard anyway. “And I’m not so sure that he’s wrong. You’re
    always trying to push the blame off of yourself.”


    “Because I’m not the killer!”


    Jonas interrupted their argument by clearing his throat. He had taken a
    seat on Mahdi’s bed and was twirling a stray thread around his finger.
“Isak was in bed all night,” he supplied and Isak gestured to him grandly.    See, I told you. “I can’t sleep through shit. I would have heard
    him get up.”


    The five of them looked between each other, silently analyzing every tiny
    movement, trying to determine if they were being lied to. Despite the fact
    that it was just a game, Isak’s paranoia had skyrocketed over the past
    month. He wasn’t quite sure that was what Mikael had in mind when he
    planned all of this.


    After almost a full minute, Eva broke the silence with a heavy sigh. “I
    think it’s Mahdi,” she said. Jonas and Vilde perked up at the confession.
    “I mean, he has a key to this room. It would be easy for him to get inside.
    Plus, Noora accused him after Chris was murdered and then she went next.
    That gives him both motive and opportunity.”


“Mahdi!?” Isak cried, appalled at the very thought. “You think    Mahdi did this? Mahdi only signed up for this game because we did.
    I don’t even think he’s been voting!”


    Jonas shrugged. “That’s a good way to get us off of his trail, though.”


    Across from them, Magnus’s eyebrows furrowed in confusion. “You really
    think Mahdi would kill me?” he asked, sounding genuinely hurt by the
    idea. Eva shrugged and Vilde ran her fingers through his hair, shushing
    him.


    “Guys,” Isak snapped, shaking his head at their sheer stupidity. “Half the
    clues we’ve found don’t apply to Mahdi. The blonde hair from Elias’s room?
    The key card to the liberal arts building?”


    “Yeah,” Eva agreed, bouncing her head from side to side like she was
    considering his point. “But we were never even sure the blonde hair was a
    clue. That could have just been left over from some girl Elias slept with.
    And Mikael told us that there might be more than one killer. Just because
    the key card isn’t Mahdi’s doesn’t mean he didn’t kill Magnus.”


“And who even is this Anna girl?” Vilde added. “Does she even    exist?” She turned to Magnus. “Have you met her?”


    “Well, no, but—”


    “I’m writing Mahdi’s name down tonight,” Eva interrupted.


    “Me too,” Vilde piped up immediately. Isak turned back to Jonas, his last
    ray of hope on this dark day, but Jonas just shuffled his feet and refused
    to meet Isak’s gaze.


    Isak groaned. “Screw all of you,” he said and then barreled out of the
    room. He was still muttering to himself about how idiotic all of his
    friends were when he arrived at his bedroom door only to find someone
    already standing in front of it.


    “What are you doing here?” he asked, rolling his eyes. Even shrugged coyly
    and pushed himself off of the wall.


    “I just came to see if you liked the coffee,” he said as Isak pulled out
    his key ring and unlocked the door. “And I came to inspect your
    room for clues.”


    “Of course you did,” Isak sighed. The whole purpose of Mikael’s little game
    was to help the residents get to know each other better: to ask each other
    questions and visit the rooms of people you might not have otherwise met.
    Even seemed to use every murder as an excuse to visit Isak, although Isak
    was starting to think it might have less to do with the game and more to do
    with Isak himself. He wasn’t exactly complaining.


    He pushed the door open and ushered Even inside ahead of him. Even didn’t
    even hesitate before kicking off his shoes and jumping onto Isak’s bed at
the far side of the room, settling into the corner like he fucking    belonged there or something.


    “You don’t even fit on that thing,” Isak said incredulously, noting how
    Even’s legs hung off the end of the extra long twin mattress. “How do you
    sleep at night?”


    “I’ve got my own room,” Even reminded him. “Bed’s bigger. One of the perks
    of being an RA.”


    “Right,” Isak noted, kicking off his own shoes and brushing a pile of dirty
    clothes off of his desk chair so that he could sit, pulling his knees up to
    his chest.


    “You’re welcome to visit it sometime,” Even smirked. “If you need more
    room.”


    “Visit your room?” Isak laughed.


    “Visit my bed.” Isak blushed and Even preened at the sight. “So,
    Mr. Valtersen,” Even continued, suddenly growing serious. “Where were you
    last night between the hours of one and six AM?”


    Isak could picture the two of them in some old black and white crime
    film—Even with a cigar between his teeth, Isak with a lamp pointed directly
    in his face. It was all very mafia-esque. He rolled his eyes. “I was in
    bed,” he said. “Where were you?”


    “In bed,” Even shrugged, but then gave Isak a roguish grin. “Dreaming about
    you.”


    “Wow,” Isak snorted, taking some comfort in the fact that that line was too
    cheesy to even elicit another blush. “Has that ever worked for you before?”


    Even actually laughed at that, dropping his head back against the wall
    behind him and baring the long expanse of his neck to Isak. “Honestly? No
    one’s ever given me that opening before,” he said. “I think I’ve had that
    one stored up since, like, middle school.” He paused to grin up at Isak.
    “It’s the truth, though, but I won’t bore you with specifics. Just your
run-of-the-mill serial killer sex fantasy. I always had a weird thing for    Dexter and this game is not helping.”


    “You know I’m not actually killing anyone?”


    “So you admit it?” Even asked excitedly, pointing to Isak. “You’re the one
    doing the killing?”


    Isak rolled his eyes. “That’s not what I meant.”


    Even smirked and then crawled off of Isak’s bed and began to look around
    the room. He didn’t touch anything and Isak didn’t think he was actually
    searching for clues. He was just looking. At Isak’s textbooks and
    movies. At the snacks he had stored underneath his bed. “So who are you and
    your friends voting for tonight?” he asked after a minute.


    “I’m voting for you,” Isak replied. “But they’re voting for
    Mahdi.”


    “Mahdi?” Even scoffed. “It’s not Mahdi.”


    Isak threw his hands into the air in an exaggerated shrug, pleased to find that someone
    finally agreed with him. “I told them that, but they’re convinced.”


    “Complete waste of a vote,” Even muttered. “It’s only a week until
    Halloween. We’ll probably only get one more chance at this.”


    “You should be happy about that,” Isak said. “You might actually get away
    with it.”


    Even rolled his eyes. “Do you seriously think it’s me? If it was
    me, I would have killed you weeks ago.”


    “No you wouldn’t have,” Isak scoffed. “Too obvious. Plus, you like messing
    with me too much.”


    “Maybe,” Even smirked. “But anyway,” he continued, slipping back into his
    shoes. “I’ve got class in fifteen. See you at the trial tonight?” Isak
    nodded, but he was a bit too distracted staring at Even’s ass to actually
    pay attention to what he was saying. He had gotten quite good at staring at
    him in secret. Even stood, startling him from his stupor.


    “Yeah,” Isak agreed once he got his wits about him once more. “Tonight.”
    Even nodded and then pulled Isak’s door open. It didn’t make a sound and
Isak couldn’t for the life of him remember if it ever had. Had someone    oiled his door? Before he could decide on an answer, Even was
    gone.


    *


    That night, the twenty or so people participating in the game gathered in
    the common area for the trial. They sat around, drinking hot chocolate and
    talking to each other excitedly as Mikael tallied the votes that had been
    dropped into the plastic pumpkin that day. Isak was sitting next to Sana on
    a musty old couch in the corner, determined to ignore the pointed looks
    Even was tossing his direction from across the room.


    “Okay, we have a verdict!” Mikael announced and the chatter ceased
    immediately. There was a very pregnant pause as he slowly scanned the room,
    locking eyes with every single person. “Mahdi Disi!” he cried and
    everyone’s attention turned to him. Mahdi was standing in the corner, right
    next to Magnus, and he couldn’t have looked more shocked if he’d tried.
    “You stand accused of the murder of Magnus Fossbakken. How do you plead?”


    Mahdi’s mouth fell open and he turned to his roommate like he was wounded
    by the accusation. “You think I killed you? I didn’t kill you!”


    “It wasn’t me,” Magnus tried. “Eva said—”


    “Mahdi,” Mikael prompted with an evil grin on his face. He was
    certainly enjoying himself. “How do you plead?”


    “Not guilty!” Mahdi cried, like his very life was on the line. “I would
    never kill Magnus, holy fuck.”


    There was another protracted pause and then Mikael suddenly dropped the act
    and smiled. “It’s not him, guys,” he shrugged. “Sorry. Better luck next
    time.”


    There was a collective groan from everyone assembled—except Magnus, who
    promptly burst into tears and pulled Mahdi into a tight hug. “I knew it
    wasn’t you, man.”


    Isak was already gathering his things to head back to his room when Even
    approached him. “Looks like the murderer is still on the loose,” he said
    ominously. Even Sana looked up from her calculus homework at his
    threatening tone of voice.


    “Looks like it,” Isak agreed.


    “Well if you get scared, you can always come sleep with me,” he smirked and
    Isak was ashamed to admit that he was, once again, blushing, although he
    thought it might have more to do with Sana’s judgmental stare than Even’s
    actual words. “I’ll keep you safe.” He lifted his eyebrows playfully in
    farewell and then left the room. Sana promptly burst out laughing.


    “I’m sorry, but is that considered flirting now?”


    “Shut up,” Isak grumbled, but she was no longer listening.


    “You just made my night, Isabell,” she said, standing and shaking her head
    in silent laughter.


    It was flirting, right? That was the second time in less than
    twenty-four hours that Even had invited him into his bed. If that wasn’t
    flirting, then what was? The room cleared out quickly, and Isak was soon
    left alone with his thoughts and a very confused boner.


    *


    It was the Friday before Halloween and all of Isak’s friends were at a
party. He had been invited, of course, but the honest truth was that he    hated parties. The only thing they were good for was finding
    people to hook up with, but the thought of hooking up with someone that
    wasn’t Even didn’t sit right in his stomach. He knew (because he had
    snuck a glance at the schedule) that Even was on desk duty until midnight,
    so what was the point of going to a raucous party if Even wasn’t going to
    be there to make it worthwhile?


    Instead of putting himself through that self-inflicted form of torture,
    Isak spent the better part of his night studying in the library. He had
    been neglecting his schoolwork a bit over the past week, too busy stalking
    Even’s every move in secret to actually pay attention, but his efforts
    hadn’t revealed any of the deep, dark secrets you would expect of a fake
    murderer, although Isak had figured out which coffee shop he
    frequented to get his pumpkin spice lattes. On a whim, he stopped by there
    on his way home and grabbed two steaming cups of coffee to keep the chill
    away on his trek across campus.


    By the time he made it back to his dorm, he was shivering from the cold and
    the tips of his ears were burning from the sting of the wind. Even looked
    up from his laptop at the sound of the door creaking open and gave Isak a
    smile that warmed his chilled insides better than any cup of coffee ever
    could.


    “I brought you this,” Isak shrugged, setting the cup down on the desk in
    front of him like it was a chore to do so. Even’s whole face lit up as he
    grabbed the cup and took a sip. He closed his eyes and let out a moan as
    the liquid touched his tongue. Isak was very glad his cheeks were already
    flushed from the weather because he was sure Even wouldn’t have missed how
    much that sound affected him. He shuffled nervously on his feet and took a
    sip of his own drink just to have something to do.


    “You’re not going to that frat party?” Even asked. Isak shook his head.
    “Well, join me then. I was just about to put on a movie.”


“Oh, I couldn’t,” Isak tried, despite the fact that he really, really    could. He looked down at his jeans and large winter jacket like
    that might somehow be an excuse.


    “Go change,” Even said, waving him off. “And bring some popcorn when you
    come back.” He turned away from Isak to click a few buttons on his computer
    and although Isak felt like he should argue Even’s point a little more, he
    didn’t actually want to. Watching a movie with Even on the coldest night of
    the year while sipping on pumpkin spice lattes? That pretty much sounded
    like heaven.


    He bounded up the stairs to his room without any further arguments and
    returned a few minutes later in the most comfortable pair of sweatpants he
    owned, carrying a large bag of popcorn at his side. He was surprised to
    find that Even was no longer sitting behind the desk.


    “In here,” he called, drawing Isak’s attention to the common area instead.
    He had his laptop hooked up to the TV in there and was fiddling with the
    remote, trying to get the connection to work.


    “Don’t you have to, like, be behind the desk?” Isak pointed out, plopping
    down onto the couch directly across from the TV screen and pulling a
    blanket onto his lap.


    “Nah, I just have to be able to see the door and be available if anyone has
    any questions,” Even said, glancing over at him as the TV
    flickered on. “There, finally.” When he was positive it wasn’t going to
    click off again, he pressed play on his laptop and then joined Isak on the
    couch, lifting the blanket so that he could slide underneath it as well,
    and sat so close to him that they were touching all along their sides. Isak
    didn’t even pretend not to enjoy it, just leaned further into Even’s touch,
    hoping he would take it as permission to stay there.


    Even grabbed the bag of popcorn from Isak’s hand and began smacking away.
    Isak was so distracted watching him that the opening credits were already
    playing before he realized what they were watching.


    “Hocus Pocus!” he cried, too surprised to even bother hiding his
    delight.


    Even chuckled, throwing his arm over the back of the couch and allowing
    Isak to creep closer into his side. “Thought you might like this. But, you
know, this isn’t the best Halloween movie by a long shot.    Night of the Living Dead, for instance, completely revolutionized
    the genre. Romero—”


“Even,” Isak interrupted with an eye roll. “Let me watch    Hocus Pocus.”


    Even huffed out a laugh, smiling down at Isak fondly. “If you insist.”


    They spent the first half hour of the movie slowly working their way
    through their pile of snacks, but once those were gone, there was nothing
    left to dispel the sexual tension in the dark room. They weren’t alone, per
    se—not when residents were stumbling through the front door every couple of
    minutes—but the longer they sat there, the less often the interruptions
    came, and soon Isak felt Even lean down to nuzzle his nose into Isak’s
    neck, his breath coming out in muggy pants against his skin. Isak smirked
    and pushed him away.


    “Shh,” he scolded, pointing to the movie, but it only kept Even away for a
    few minutes before he was back, this time kissing behind Isak’s ear and
    down his jaw. Isak’s breath hitched in his throat, but it felt too good to
    tell Even to stop. Not when he’d been waiting for this exact moment for
    months. So he let Even mark his neck and tried to pretend it wasn’t
    affecting him even though his body felt like it was on fire and his toes
    were literally curling in his socks. “Even,” he warned.


    At the sound of his voice, Even pulled him closer until he had Isak
    straddling his lap with his back to the TV screen, but Isak no longer cared
    that he was missing the movie. He was distracted by the hooded look in
    Even’s eyes and the hardness that he could feel digging into his ass
    beneath him. Fuck it. They were doing this. He surged forward and captured
    Even’s lips with his own, tangling his fingers into his hair to pull him as
    close as he possibly could.


    He had meant for the kiss to be fierce and desperate—something
    uncontrollable—but Even tasted like fall, like butter and pumpkin spice, so
    he slowed himself down and just savored the feel of Even’s lips on his. He
    let him soothe him, let him run his cold fingers beneath his shirt, let him
    leave patterns on his skin and imprints on his heart, and when Even finally
    pulled away at the sound of the front door opening once more, Isak was in a
    daze. It was like he had lost all sense of where he was. He blinked down at
    Even, who was still panting for breath, in confusion.


    “Do you want to go upstairs?” Even whispered, pushing a stray curl out of
    Isak’s eyes. Isak didn’t hesitate before nodding, but he was so comfortable
    on Even’s lap that the thought of moving didn’t occur to him until Even
    chuckled and tapped him on the thigh, silently asking him to get up. Isak
    blushed and stood, holding his hands in front of him to try to hide the
    erection that was tenting his sweatpants.


    He watched as Even quickly shut off the TV and his laptop, but he didn’t
    bother gathering his things before he grabbed Isak by the hand and dragged
    him to the elevator.


    “Can’t you get in trouble for leaving the desk?” Isak asked as Even pushed
    the button and they waited for the elevator to open. Even’s room was only
    on the third floor—they could have easily taken the stairs, but elevators
    were more suitable for making out in.


    Even shook his head and grabbed Isak’s other hand so he could pull him
    against his body. “My shift ended at midnight,” he breathed and then placed
    a wet kiss on Isak’s cheek.


    The elevator clicked open with a ding and they stepped inside. Immediately,
    Isak pushed Even back against the wall and kissed him hard, grinding his
    erection against Even’s thigh as he tangled his fingers into the front of
    his sweatshirt, wanting to just rip it off of him already. They had been
    kissing for probably a minute before Even was able to move Isak off of him
    far enough to press the button to actually get the elevator moving. Isak
    broke the kiss and blushed. “Oops.”


    Even cupped Isak’s face in his hands and grinned. “Don’t apologize.”


    Their lips found each other once more as the elevator finally began to move
    and once the doors opened, Even grabbed him by the waist and backed him out
    into the hallway. The two of them stumbled towards Even’s bedroom, tripping
    over each other’s feet as they went, but it was nice, laughing against
    Even’s lips, feeling safe in his arms.


    Even apparently didn’t keep his bedroom door locked because he opened it
    without a problem and then pushed Isak down on top of his bed. Isak let
    himself fall and then looked around the room in stunned silence. It was the
    same size as his, but it looked so much bigger with only one set
    of belongings inside: one bed, one desk, one dresser. He had always
    imagined Even to be a relatively organized person—probably since he was an
    RA—but his room was an absolute mess with clothes scattered across the
    floor and notebooks stacked a foot high on top of his desk. It was
    unbelievably endearing.


“Holy fuck!” Isak noted after taking everything else in. “This bed really    is bigger.”


    “I told you!” Even laughed, jumping playfully onto the mattress on top of
    him and lavishing kisses down his neck.


    Isak held his head closer, urging him on. “I’m sleeping here every night,”
    he decided, spotting the huge TV Even had mounted to the wall.


    “You’re more than welcome to.”


    Isak wasn’t sure exactly how far he was willing to go with Even, but when
    he felt his hand come between them and start stroking him through his
    pants, he found that he was okay with that. And when, after several minutes
    of kissing and teasing, Even hooked his fingers around Isak’s waistband and
    pulled his pants off completely, he found he was okay with that as well.
    Hell, he was okay with all of it.


    He quickly divested himself of the rest of his clothes, needing to feel
    Even’s warm body against his bare skin, and then set out to help Even
    remove his as well. Even’s hands were shaking as he tried to unbuckle his
    jeans, so Isak did it for him, slipping them down his hips as Even pulled
    his shirt over his head. And then it was just the two of them, skin to
    skin, their bodies moving together in a well-practiced dance.


    They both seemed to sense that penetration was off the table that night for
    multiple reasons—not the least of which was that they were both too aroused
    to even make it that far—but Isak was more than content to just rub off
    against Even like a teenager. Even, however, seemed to have other ideas. He
    tore his lips away from Isak’s and began kissing down his body instead,
    leaving marks on his neck and his collarbone and his ribs.


    “Even,” Isak said, squirming against him as he tried to pull the older boy
    back up to his mouth. “Shit, I’m already close. We can do that tomorrow.”


    “Uh, no,” Even laughed humorlessly. “I’m like 90% sure you’re going to go
    back to hating me tomorrow, so I’m going to get my mouth on you while I
    still have the chance.”


    “I don’t hate you—” Isak started, watching as Even licked down his body,
    staring up at him from beneath his eyelashes. He was speechless, watching
    him, and Even took advantage of that to close his mouth around the head of
    Isak’s cock and give it a hard suck.


    Isak’s blowjob etiquette was typically pretty good, but it had been a while
    and Even made him feel things no one else ever had, so as soon as Isak
    felt that wet heat wrap around him, he let out a broken moan and thrust his
    hips up involuntarily, shoving himself farther down Even’s throat. Even
    took it without gagging, but did throw an arm across Isak’s hips to keep
    him fixed to the bed.


    The blowjob was messy, but Isak was too turned on to require any finesse.
    Even held him down, took him deep, and Isak felt his orgasm breaking
    towards the surface after only a minute. He tried to warn Even, but his
    superb blowjob skills had rendered him pre-verbal, so he just pulled on his
    hair instead, which ended up doing more harm than good because Even wasn’t
    budging and when he moaned at the sharp pain, the vibration had Isak coming
    in seconds.


    Even managed to swallow most of it down, but when he pulled off with a
    wicked smirk on his face, there was a drop of come still sitting at the
    corner of his mouth and Isak didn’t hesitate to pull him into a kiss to
    lick it off.


    “Come here,” he said, grabbing Even’s ass and pulling him closer, letting
    Even slot himself into the hollow of Isak’s hip and thrust into the space
    between their bodies. Even buried his face in Isak’s neck as he moved and
    Isak held him, massaging the globes of his ass and letting one lone
    finger roam down his crack to tease at his hole. Even came with a grunt, painting Isak’s stomach in his come.


    Afterwards, they lay tangled together on Even’s bed, both still flushed
    from the exertion, their skin damp as they stayed pressed against each
    other. At one point, Isak moved to get up, hoping that Even would
    stop him—and he did, forcing Isak back down onto the bed and resting his
    head on his chest to keep him there.


    “Sleep here tonight,” Even mumbled into his skin. “You can hate me in the
    morning.”


    “I don’t hate you,” Isak chuckled for the second time. “I like messing with
    you—there’s a difference.”


    Isak could almost feel Even’s eyes roll. “Sure. Just stay? Please?”


    Isak nodded, unable to resist the urge to lean down and place a soft kiss
    on Even’s forehead. Even nuzzled deeper into his chest. “You’re not going
    to kill me if I stay?” Isak asked. Even tilted his head and glanced up at
    him, looking truly baffled. “The game?” Isak reminded him and Even snorted.


    “No, Isak,” he said. “I will not kill you. Now go to sleep because I’m
    going to wake you up in a few hours for round two and I need you to be
    well-rested.”


    *


    Isak did wake up a few hours later, but Even wasn’t there offering
    him round two. In fact, Even wasn’t there at all. Isak sat up in bed and
    searched around the dark room, but there were no shadows lurking in the
    corners. The room was empty. Even’s side of the bed was still warm,
    however, and Isak was too exhausted to assume anything nefarious, so he
    collapsed back down onto the mattress and snuggled into the warmth Even had
    left behind, figuring he had just wandered to the bathroom and would be
    back soon. He fell asleep again before Even returned.


    *


    When Isak woke up the next morning, he could almost taste the
    chill in the air, but despite that, he felt cocooned in warmth. He nuzzled
    deeper into his blankets, trying to burrow further into the heat, and was
    surprised when they actually nuzzled back. His eyes snapped open in shock
    and there was Even, laughing at him.


    “Shit,” Isak hissed, clutching at his racing heart.


    “Forget where you were?” Even chuckled and Isak nodded. Even smoothed his
    hair and leaned away from him to check his phone on the bedside table, but
    even that small movement lifted the covers and sent a chill underneath
    them, making goosebumps pimple Isak’s skin. He reeled Even back in
    immediately and buried his face in his sweatshirt. It was only then, when
    Isak realized that Even was fully dressed while he was still naked, that he
    remembered waking up and him being gone.


    “Where did you go last night?” he grumbled. “You promised no murdering.”


    Even let out a startled laugh. “I promised not to murder you,” he
    corrected. “But no. There was some issue on the girls’ floor and Sonja
    wasn’t answering the on-duty phone, so Vilde came to find me.”


    Isak opened one eye to peek up at him. “Was everything okay?”


    Even sighed long and hard. “Yeah,” he assured him. “It was just some sick
    freshman. Wasn’t exactly how I wanted to spend my night, but—”


    Isak grinned, tilting his head up until his lips were only an inch away
    from Even’s. “And how did you want to spend your night?”


    “Mm, I don’t know,” Even mused, pushing Isak down into the mattress so that
    he could hover over him. “Maybe a little of this.” He kissed Isak’s lips
    gently before pulling back, ignoring the way Isak followed him, asking for
    more. “And a little of this.” He deepened the kiss, melding their bodies together. “And this.” One of his
    hands drifted beneath the covers and his fingernails scraped gently against
    Isak’s abs before Even took his cock in hand and began stroking.


    “Fuck,” Isak breathed against his lips, tangling his fingers in Even’s hair
    to make sure he didn’t move. Even, however, didn’t seem to have any
    intention of moving. As his hand continued working beneath the blanket, he
    kissed Isak like it was the last time he would ever be able to, and when
    Isak came a few minutes later, panting Even’s name into the air, he had
    never seen anyone look more pleased with themselves in his entire life.


    “Yeah, yeah, good job,” Isak praised, already trying to figure out how best
    to reciprocate. “But good luck getting me to leave your bed now. It’s cold
    out there and you’re giving me orgasms.” Even smiled at the compliment and
    it was so damn cute that Isak couldn’t hold back his laughter.


    “I just got you in my bed, Isak. Why the hell would I ever want you to
    leave?”


    *


    When Isak finally managed to trudge his way back to his dorm room
    hours later, Jonas was lying dead in his bed.


    “Fuck!” Isak snapped, literally stomping his foot in outrage. Jonas
    startled awake, his curly hair looking so wild it was almost as if he had
    been electrocuted.


    “Whassit?” he slurred, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.


    “Someone fucking killed you!” Isak cried, pointing to the sticker with the
    red 'X' stuck to his forehead. Jonas peeled it off with a frown. "When did
    you get back last night?"


    It took Jonas, who was still half asleep, a while to answer. Isak began
    searching the room for clues as he thought about it. "Uh, god, I don't
    know. Like three maybe? It was really fucking late. I don't even remember
    getting back to be honest. Eva might know. I think she was with me."


    Isak rolled his eyes, cursing the fact that his friends seemed to be drunk
    all the fucking time. Did they not realize this was life or death? "Did you
    at least lock the door behind you?"


    Jonas snorted. "I doubt it."


    Isak's side of the room was clear, so he started scanning through Jonas's
    instead, opening drawers and flipping through textbooks. When he found
    nothing, he climbed onto Jonas’s bed with him, ignoring his outraged
    squawk, and began running his hands over the blankets there, searching for
    anything amiss. He eventually found it, shoved between the bed and the
    wall: a neon, glow-in-the-dark necklace.


    "What the fuck is this?" he asked, holding it aloft. Jonas squinted as he
    examined it.


    "Oh. We got those at the party last night," he said after a minute of
    deliberation.


    "So it's yours?" Isak confirmed. Jonas grabbed it from him to look at it
    closer, but still seemed to waffle on the answer.


    "I think mine was green, not pink," he said, handing it back. "But I can't
    be sure."


    Isak groaned. This was what he had to work with? Seriously? "Well
    figure it the fuck out, will you? We've got a crime to solve." The fact
    that he wasn't even close to joking really should have worried him more
    than it did. "Get up. Get dressed. We've got him this time, Jonas, I just
    know it."


    Instead of doing any of those things, Jonas collapsed back into his pillows
    and groaned. "Did they have to kill me today?" he bemoaned. "I'm
    too fucking hungover for this."


    *


    Isak knocked hard on Even's door, seething with rage. How dare he use Isak
    like that? How dare he lie? The door opened quickly and Isak was
    already poised to start yelling when he realized that Even wasn't wearing a
    shirt. His pale skin was on full display, freckles painted across his chest
    like stars, and Isak’s mouth suddenly went dry. Fuck. What had he come to
    say? Even smirked down at him.


    "Back so soon?" he drawled, shrugging into the navy blue sweatshirt he had
    in his hand. Once it was on, Isak realized it was his—he must have
    accidentally left it in Even’s room that morning. Either that or he stole
    it. God, that was hot. Even reached for him and Isak was about to just let
    him have at it when his senses came back to him and he stepped away, his
    face distorted in anger.


    "No," he scolded. "You don't get any more orgasms. You fucking killed
    Jonas!"


Even blinked down at him slowly, trying to digest the accusation. "I did    what now?"


    Oh, he was good—pretending like he hadn't been caught. "You distracted me
    with the best fucking sex of my life and then you killed my best friend.
    I'm fucking onto you, Bech Næsheim."


Even smirked, leaning against the doorframe with crossed arms. "That was the best sex of your life? Oh, Isak, we haven't even
gotten started yet. Why don't you come on in? Let me get my tongue on you. Inside of you. Let me earn that title." Isak whined     at the offer, but quickly took another step back, knowing that he
    shouldn't reward bad behavior.


    "I'll see you at the trial," he hissed. He knew as soon as the words were
    out of his mouth that they sounded ridiculous and Even's laughter certainly
    wasn't helping his self-confidence.


    "Yeah, okay, Isak," he grinned, looking exasperatingly fond. "I'll wear
    something tight. Give you something pretty to look at."


    *


    Isak left the dorm to get breakfast and, by a sheer stroke of luck, ran
    into Vilde in the hallway on his way back inside. "Hey," he greeted. "Did
    you hear?"


    She frowned. "It's just so horrible."


    Isak nodded morosely, hoping the gravity he was giving his best friend's
    fake murder was appropriate. "Listen, I'm trying to figure out the timeline
    here. When did you and Even finish up last night?"


    "Me and Even?" she asked, shaking her head like she didn't quite understand
    the question.


    "Yeah, you and Even," he repeated, but it quickly became obvious that she
    had no idea what he was talking about. "You didn't come to his room last
    night asking for help with something upstairs?"


    "Why would I come to Even?" she asked, like the very thought was truly
    baffling. "Sonja's my RA."


    "Sonja wasn't answering her phone!" Vilde frowned at the vehemence in his
    voice, and, sensing that maybe his tone was slightly too hysteric
    for a simple conversation between friends, he cleared his throat and tried
    again. "You have no idea what I'm talking about, do you?"


    Vilde shook her head. "I was with Magnus all night," she shrugged. "But
    hey! Did Jonas show you what we found in your room?" She was excited now
    and Isak fed off of that energy.


    "Something besides the necklace?" he asked, shuffling closer.


    "Oh, yeah," Vilde said, waving him off as she dug something out of her
    pocket. "That was Eva's. She must have dropped it when she put him to bed,
    but we found this under the dresser.” She waved an old brass key in front of him, pointing to the label on the top of
    it that clearly read ‘RA.’ Isak couldn't control his grin. “It's one of the
    master keys," she supplied needlessly before pocketing it again. "Must be
    how the killer's getting around."


    "That's Even's," Isak said, not even caring that there were four other RAs
    in the building.


    Vilde wrinkled her forehead like she was mulling it over. "You think?"


    "Yes!" Isak cried excitedly, pleased that someone was finally listening to
him. "The blonde hair, the liberal arts key card, the syllabus for one of    his classes, and now this? It's Even! You've got to
    believe me now!"


    "You might be onto something," Vilde nodded sagely. "He always seemed so
    nice, though." Isak thought that pointing out that they were
    playing a game might not go over well, so he let it drop.


    "You'll vote for him tonight?" he asked and Vilde shrugged.


    "Sure. I'll tell Magnus and the others. See you around, Isak!"


Isak stood there as she walked away, basking in the knowledge that he had    finally bested Even at his own little game. Isak was going to win
    and Even was going to give him a victory fuck and tomorrow they were going
    to lay in bed all day long without worrying about things like murders and
    hit lists. Now that Isak was looking forward to.


    *


    Isak avoided Even for the rest of the day—mostly for dramatic effect, but
    also because the urge to jump him had gotten about a thousand times worse
    since he realized that was something Even might actually welcome—
    but when they finally gathered for the trial, he couldn't resist sidling up
    next to him, wanting to rub his impending victory in his face just a little
    bit.


    "You look smug," Even grinned, grabbing him by the belt loops and pulling
    him close to his side. Isak tried to hide his pleased smile. "You finally
    convince your friends to vote for me?"


    Isak pretended to think about it. "I guess you'll just have to wait and
    see," he shrugged. Even shook his head, pretending to be frustrated by
    Isak's non-answer, but he was smiling nevertheless.


    Without a word, Isak extracted himself from Even's arms and wandered over
    to Sana instead, trying to act aloof and hard-to-get. It was pointless,
    really, after the night before, but it made Isak feel powerful. He sat down
    on the arm of the couch with a dopey grin on his face, his gaze still
    locked on Even who was giving him bedroom eyes from across the room. If he
    weren’t so damn excited for the trial portion of the night to get underway,
    Isak would have dragged him upstairs an hour ago. Why did he have to be so
    damn hot? And why did the thought of him being a fake serial killer turn
    him on so fucking much? What the fuck was wrong with him?


    Sana rudely interrupted his internal reverie, laughter evident in her
    voice. "What exactly do you think is about to happen?" she asked, lip
    turned up in a smirk like she knew something Isak didn't. That was pretty
    much her default expression around him though, so he didn't think much of
    it.


    "Even's about to get exposed as the liar that he is," he said excitedly.


    Sana snorted. "Oh, is that what they told you? Well, that explains
    a lot."


    Isak furrowed his brow in confusion, but didn't have time to ask any
    questions before Mikael was clearing his throat loudly. "The jury has
    reached a verdict," he called out somberly, his voice carrying in the
    eerily quiet room. As if on cue, the Halloween-themed cuckoo clock in the
    corner let out a haunting witch's cackle that made half the room jump in
surprise. Isak thought Mikael might have missed his calling choosing to    make movies instead of act in them. He had a flair for the
    dramatic that was rivaled only by Even. "On trial for the murder of Jonas
    Noah Vasquez is...Isak Valtersen!"


    Every person in the room turned to stare at Isak like he was some sort of
    criminal. "What?" He squawked, looking first to Jonas, who winced, and then
    to Even who was doubled over laughing against the far wall. "What the hell?
    I didn't do it!"


    "Where were you then?" Eva asked, tossing a strand of auburn hair over her
    shoulder. "No one saw you all night and Jonas said you got super shady when
    he asked you about it."


    Isak sputtered out an indignant reply, trying to ignore how Even's quiet
    laughs were now loud guffaws. Yeah, laugh it up, asshole. "I was...out!" he
    cried. "And isn't the fact that no one saw me all night proof enough that I
    didn't do it?"


    Eva immediately started arguing her point once more, but Mikael stopped
    them before things could get heated. "It's not him, guys," he chuckled and
    next to him, Even started laughing harder. Isak rolled his eyes at the
    absurdity of the whole situation. He almost fucking had him... "You'll get
    one last chance to name the killer at the Halloween party on Tuesday, so
    put your heads together and figure it out. Otherwise the bad guy wins and
    what kind of lesson would I be teaching you then?” He paused to look around
    the room and then banged his plastic water bottle against the table like a
    gavel. “This court is now adjourned!"


    Everyone quickly scattered, leaving with friends to grab dinner, but Isak
    headed straight for Even, who was still laughing. "You
    did this," he accused, poking him hard in the chest.


    Even shook his head and held his arms up in innocence as he worked to
    control his amusement. "It wasn't me—I swear. No way you did it. When I got
    back last night, you were zonked out, drooling on my pillow. I don't think
    I could have gotten you out of that bed if I tried. It was absolutely
    adorable."


    Isak rolled his eyes, his cheeks already burning. "Shut up," he muttered
    and then swatted Even away as he tried to ruffle his hair. "Well if it
    wasn't you, then who—?"


    "It was me," Eva said from behind them, forcing their attention onto her.
    She was standing with Jonas and gave Isak a sheepish smile. "Sorry,” she
    shrugged. “Me and Vilde thought you'd been deflecting with all of the Even
    stuff, but I guess you really are just that obsessed with him."


    "I'm not obsessed with him!" he cried, uttering what was possibly the
    biggest lie he'd ever told. "I'm being smart! All of the evidence points to
    him. I mean, the master key with a huge RA sticker on it?
    How obvious does it have to be before you believe me?"


    "You found my key?" Even interrupted, all trace of humor gone. Isak paused
    his rant to glance up at him. "Thank god,” Even continued and he actually
    did look relieved. “I thought for sure Mikael was going to fire me for
    that."


"I didn't find your key,” Isak corrected. “Vilde did. In    my room."


    Even reeled back in surprise. "What was it doing there?" he asked, looking
    truly confused.


    Isak threw his arms into the air. "You fucking tell me. It's your
    key!"


    Even shrugged. "I left it down here with my laptop when we..." He trailed
    off, throwing a wary glance at Jonas and Eva still standing behind them.
    "You know," he said under his breath and Isak rolled his eyes at his lack
    of stealth. "It was gone when I went back to get it this morning."


    "So you must have dropped it when you went to kill Jonas," Isak pointed
    out. Even glared at him, unamused.


    "Isak, why the fuck would I go anywhere near your room if you weren't in
    it? Actually, better question: why would I leave my room willingly
    when you were naked inside of it?" Isak blushed once more.


    "I don't know, but you obviously did!"


    Even heaved a heavy sigh. "Isak," he groaned. "Seriously?" He reached out
    to try to pull Isak closer, but Isak jerked away before he could let
    himself lean into the touch.


    "No," he scolded, wagging his finger like he was reprimanding a child. "You
    don't get to touch me until you admit that you did this." He heard Jonas
    and Eva chuckle from behind him, but he was too riled up to care.


    "What are we? Five?" Even cried in exasperation, a smug smile on his face.
    "Isak, come on." He reached for him again, but Isak took a step backwards,
    running into Jonas who righted him before he could fall over. Even's smile
    slipped and Isak could tell that he was getting frustrated. "You're fucking
    serious right now? You realize this is punishing you too, right? And over what?
    Some stupid game? You really think you can go three days without touching
    me? After what we did last night?"


    Well, shit. Isak hadn't thought about that. "Yes," he said, his voice
    wavering. Even smirked and sidled closer to him, careful not to touch
    because he seemed to have finally gotten the hint that Isak wouldn’t let
    him. Isak swallowed hard as Even leaned in to whisper in his ear, each word
    sending a shiver down his spine as his warm breath ghosted against the soft
    skin of his neck.


    “Game. On.”


    Fucking hell. What had Isak just gotten himself into?


    *


    There’s something about cold weather that inherently makes you crave the
    company of another person. Someone to share body heat with on the cold
    nights. Someone to kiss you until your soul begins to thaw and your heart
    catches fire, warming you from the inside out. The three days leading up to
    Halloween were ice cold and Isak craved the heat that he knew only
    Even could bring.


    He wanted to hold his hand on his way to class. He wanted to bring him coffee. He wanted to share sweatshirts and
    kisses and beds, but he couldn’t do any of that because he was a
    complete and total idiot who had cockblocked himself. There was no excuse.
    Every second that ticked by was another second Isak could be spending
    cradled in Even’s arms and he was wasting it. It was a travesty,
    really, but he was far too stubborn to let Even win now.


    He quickly realized that his best chance of surviving until Halloween was
    to avoid Even at all costs, but this was problematic for two reasons: 1)
    Because he didn’t fucking want to; and 2) Because Even wouldn’t fucking let
    him.


    “Come on,” Even needled on Monday as they walked across campus towards
    their Intro to Bio class. They weren’t touching, but they were close enough
    that Isak could feel the heat radiating from Even’s body. He shoved his
    hands farther into his pockets and started walking faster. “Drop whatever
    stupid game this is and skip class with me. We can go get lost in one of
    those hay bale mazes or carve pumpkins for Mikael’s stupid contest. Are you
    seriously going to deny me all of my fun fall activities because you think
    I fake-murdered your best friend?”


    Isak resisted the urge to growl. “I’m not mad you murdered him,” he said
    for possibly the fifteenth time. “I’m mad you’re lying about it. Just admit
    it’s you and we can go bobbing for apples or whatever the fuck else you
    want to do.”


    Even’s face lit up like the very thought of bobbing for apples excited him
    to no end. “It’s me—I did it,” he said immediately. “Now come on.” He
    grabbed Isak’s wrist and started to pull him towards the parking lot, but
    Isak refused to move.


    “No,” he snapped, pulling his arm away, but he couldn’t help but smile at
    the hopeful look in Even’s eyes. “Not until you mean it.”


    “Oh, I’ll show you meaning it,” Even threatened and Isak couldn’t
    help but chuckle at his ominous tone of voice. Even, however, seemed to
    take that as a challenge and he stepped forward so that he could whisper
    the next part against Isak’s lips. “How about we forget the apples
    altogether and just go back to my room and fuck?”


    And that’s the story of how Isak ended up sitting through a biology lecture
    with a boner. Luckily his large winter jacket was good for something, but
    having Even sitting right next to him, smirking down at his lap every
    couple of minutes, certainly wasn’t helping the situation at all.


    By the time Halloween dawned, Isak was more than ready for the whole ordeal
to just be over. He wanted the snuggling and the lattes and the    sex, and he didn’t give a shit about the rest of it. Especially
    not when he walked into the already-crowded party that night and saw Even’s
    ass being hugged by the tightest leather pants he had ever seen in his
    life. His mouth literally started watering and it took him a full thirty
    seconds to take in the rest of the costume: the white T-shirt, the
    stenciled in “Mom” tattoo on his bicep, and the motorcycle helmet that was
    sitting on the table next to him. Isak wondered if there was an actual
    motorcycle to match that helmet somewhere and felt himself harden in his
    pants at the thought. Welp, that was a kink he didn’t know he had.


    Although he’d been avoiding him all week, the leather called to him like a
    siren and Isak went, even knowing that certain death awaited him. Even was
    turned away from him, talking to Mikael, so Isak approached him from
    behind, stepping around all of the witches and demon clowns, and ran his
    hand lightly over Even’s ass to get his attention. Even stopped talking
    mid-sentence and turned to him in surprise, but his entire face lit up at
    the sight of him.


    “Boo,” Isak greeted monotonously.


    “You’re a Greek god!” Even cried in excitement, scanning his costume.
    Behind him, Mikael laughed and waved to Isak.


    “I’m Julius Caesar,” Isak blushed.


    “You’re the fucking hottest Julius Caesar I’ve ever seen in my life.” Isak
    had never seen Even tipsy before, but he thought he might be getting there.
    His eyes were bright and his cheeks were flushed and it was so damn
    adorable that Isak couldn’t think about anything besides the fact that
    tonight they would be able to share Even’s bed again. Thank god.


    As if Mikael could read his mind, he said, “He’s had about four glasses of the
    spiked cider I'm not supposed to know about and he hasn’t stopped talking about you since glass number
    two, so…”


    Isak rolled his eyes. “I’ll get him out of your hair.” Mikael nodded
    gratefully and then crossed the room where he was immediately accosted by
    Vilde, who was wearing a white dress, angel wings, and a pipe cleaner halo.


    Once his friend was gone, Even immediately latched onto Isak, grabbing him
    by the waist and closing the distance between them until their hips were
    slotted together. Isak was unsurprised to find that Even was already hard.


    “Isak,” the boy whined, drawing out his name, his eyes wide and desperate.
    “I didn’t fucking do it, okay? Please believe me. I want to fuck you so
    bad. You’ve already convinced all of your friends to vote for me, so let’s
    just go. It’ll be so quiet upstairs. We could scream so loud and nobody
    would even get mad.”


    Isak smirked. “In a minute,” he said, but he didn’t try to weasel away from
    his touch. If his goal had been for Even to learn a lesson, it seemed that
    he had learned it. Isak pulled back just a bit to try to find Jonas in the
    crowd, but before he could spot him, Even started sucking a bruise into his
    neck. Well, fuck.


    “Even,” he warned because that wasn’t something he could endure
    with an audience. “We can’t do that here.” He pulled Even off of his
    neck with a pop.


    Even looked around the room, searching for somewhere a little more private.
    “Over there then?” he asked, pointing to the far corner where a
    Frankenstein statue stood. Isak didn’t have the heart to
    tell him no, so he let Even drag him into the relative quiet. When he tried
    to kiss him, however, Isak put a finger to his lips and pushed him away.


    “I’m still mad at you,” he said playfully and Even rolled his eyes.


    “No you’re not,” he argued, nuzzling his nose against Isak’s cheek. Isak
    couldn’t help but return the gesture.


    “No, I’m not,” he admitted.


    Even leaned back just far enough to smile brightly. "You're so soft,” he
    laughed. “I can't believe I ever thought you were grumpy." Isak let out an
    affronted gasp, but before he could argue, they were interrupted by a
    small, mousy girl Isak had never seen before. Her nose was painted pink and
    she was wearing cat ears.


    “Even?” the girl asked tentatively. Isak swore if she asked him to dance,
    he was literally going to scream. He’s mine. Find someone else.
    Despite how flirty Even had been with Isak only seconds before, he quickly
    sobered in the presence of someone else. He did not, however, let Isak go.
    “I just wanted to thank you again for the other night.” She trailed off and
    Isak was just about to get offended when she continued. “I was really
    scared, but you were so calm and, just, thank you so much for getting me
    help. I didn’t know what to do.”


    Even smiled and Isak wasn’t sure how the girl was still standing because it
    was the type of smile that would have brought him to his knees. “It’s seriously fine. Are you feeling better?”


    “Yeah,” she said sheepishly, clutching the right side of her stomach. “It
    was appendicitis, apparently. They had to take it out.” Isak winced, but
    couldn’t help but feel like he was slowly losing the thread of this
    conversation. “Well, thanks again. You two have a good night.” She
    disappeared back into the growing crowd on the makeshift dance floor and
    Even turned back to Isak, intent on resuming his earlier ministrations.


    “Wait. Who was that?” Isak asked, pushing him away. Even reluctantly leaned
    back against the wall behind him since it was obvious Isak wasn’t going to
    participate in the fun activities he had planned out in his head.


    “The freshman I told you about,” he replied, his tone suggesting that Isak
    should really know that already. “The one Vilde woke me up about on Friday
    night? I was so pissed that I had to leave you, but the girl really did
    need help. I had to call an ambulance and everything—it made me feel all
    official.”


    Isak frowned and Even cocked an eyebrow in question, pulling him closer to
    try to kiss the confusion away. Isak was too busy mulling over what Even
    had told him to make him stop, but he was also too distracted to return the
    soft peck. “What?” Even laughed against his lips. “What are you thinking?”


    “I just—” Isak started and then stopped. “That really happened?”


    “What really happened?”


    “Vilde coming to your room asking for help?”


    Even paused before answering, like he wasn’t quite sure whether Isak was
    joking. “Yes?” he finally said. “Did you think I was lying?”


    Isak shrugged, trying to get his thoughts in order before he said something
    he would regret. “No—Or, well, not at first. But then I asked Vilde about
    it and she acted like she had no idea what I was talking about.”


    Even furrowed his brow in confusion. “Why the fuck would Vilde lie?”


    Isak asked himself the same question: Why would Vilde lie? Why
would she refute Even’s alibi and agree to vote for him if she    knew he was innocent? Isak hadn’t thought anything of it at the
    time, but why would she pull Even’s master key out of her pocket instead of
    leaving it at the scene of the crime as evidence? Why had Isak never
    thought to check that with anyone? She had been alone with Magnus
    behind a locked door when he was killed and she could easily have seen Isak
    in Even’s bed that night and deduced that Jonas would be sleeping alone.


    What the fuck? Had he seriously been bested by Vilde of all
    people?


    “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” he grumbled turning back to Even who
    was watching him with wide eyes. “It’s fucking Vilde.”


    As soon as the words were out of his mouth, the overhead lights shut off,
    plunging the whole room into darkness. Immediately, everyone started
    screaming and Isak instinctively stepped closer to Even so he could muffle
    the noise by burying his face in his chest. He felt Even’s rumbling laugh
beneath him and then, even over all of the yelling, he heard a loud    thud, like someone had fallen to the floor. As if on cue, the
    lights flickered back on and Isak heard the whole room gasp. He pulled his
    face out of the comfort of Even’s body and turned to find Mikael laying
    sprawled out on the floor with Vilde standing over him holding a knife,
    still dressed in her angel costume.


    The whole room was quiet for several harrowing seconds before Vilde ended
    the silence with a giggle. “I win,” she said, smiling happily and reaching
    up to bend the knife back, showing everyone that it was plastic. Mikael,
    still on the floor, was the first to start laughing, clearly pleased with
    the show that he had just put on, and soon the silence was filled with
    cheers as people congratulated Vilde on her excellence in fake murdering.


    Isak watched the commotion for as long as he could, but it eventually died
    down and he couldn’t put off facing Even any longer. Reluctantly, he turned
    back to him, already grimacing. Even cocked his head to the side and raised
    an eyebrow.


    “Well, Isak,” he said, popping the ‘k’ on his name. “I believe you owe me
    an apology.”


    Isak had to clench his fist at his side to keep from rolling his eyes. “I’m
    sorry,” he said, trying to play it off as a joke. Even did not seem
    satisfied.


    “For what?”


    This time Isak really did roll his eyes. “For accusing you of murder.”


    Even snorted. “That’s one way to put it, I guess. Other acceptable answers
    would have been ‘not believing you when you said you weren’t a serial
    killer’ and ‘depriving you of sex because I was being an idiot.’” Isak
    smirked, but thought it best not to respond. “Now how should I punish you?”


    “Oh my god,” Isak groaned, burying his head in his hand, but Even grabbed
    it and pulled it away.


    “No, no, no,” Even said, clucking his tongue like a disapproving teacher.
    “You punished me for something I didn’t even do. Now it’s your turn. I’m
    thinking we have to go with an eye for an eye here. Three days, no kissing.
    Let’s see how you like it.”


    Isak didn’t even bother arguing, just took a huge stepped forward, cradled
    Even’s face in his hands, and pulled him in for a desperate kiss that Even,
    despite his earlier words, returned wholeheartedly, grabbing Isak’s waist
    and pulling him close until they were standing flush against each other.
    Isak couldn’t remember the last time he had been this happy. He had a belly
    full of apple cider, an arm full of Even, and everything was absolutely
    perfect. When he finally found the will power to pull away, he was gasping
    for breath.


    “Or,” he proposed, rubbing his nose over Even’s just to watch the way it
    made him smile. “I can give you the best damn blowjob of your life and
    we’ll call it even.”


    “Deal,” Even said immediately, grabbing Isak by the hand. He moved to drag
    him out of the room—which Isak was more than okay with—but first, Isak
    pulled him close and gave him one last peck on the lips, relishing the way
    such a small thing sent a shock through his system.


    “Happy Halloween, Even,” he grinned, thinking back on the subterfuge and
    the pumpkin spice lattes. It was as good a story as any to tell the
    grandchildren one day.


    Like he was thinking the same thing, Even nuzzled closer to him and Isak
    could feel Even’s heart pounding against his chest, setting the tempo for
    every good thing that was to come. “Happy Halloween.”




Afterword


End Notes
Thanks for reading! I am currently about 20K into a multi-chaptered enemies to lovers fic, so that will be coming soon. But I hope you enjoyed this in the meantime! Comments and kudos are always appreciated <3


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



