



speak now - LilaacStars - Miraculous Ladybug
p.message{text-align:center}.meta h1{font-size:1.5em;text-align:center}.meta h2{font-size:1.25em;text-align:center}.meta h2{page-break-before:always}.meta .byline{text-align:center}.meta dl.tags{border:1px solid;padding:1em}.meta dd{margin:-1em 0 0 10em}.meta .endnote-link{font-size:.8em}#chapters{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.userstuff{font-family:"Nimbus Roman No9 L","Times New Roman",serif;padding:1em}.toc-heading{display:none}



Preface

speak now
    Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/7417993.
  


Rating:
Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning:
No Archive Warnings Apply
Category:
F/M
Fandom:
Miraculous Ladybug
Relationship:
Adrien Agreste/Marinette Dupain-Cheng, adrienette, Adrinette - Relationship, Chat Noir/Ladybug, ladynoir
Character:
Adrien Agreste, Marinette Dupain-Cheng, Alya Césaire, Chloé Bourgeois, Nino Lahiffe, Tikki (Miraculous Ladybug), Chat Noir, Ladybug
Additional Tags:
oblivious dorks, inspired by a song, lets crash a wedding, angst with happy ending, Post Reveal, my oblivious dorks are idiots, Aged up characters, Love Confession, this is exactly what you think it is, I Will Go Down With This Ship
Series:
Part 2 of
love you like a love song.
Stats:

        Published: 2018-11-03
        Words: 7191
      

speak now
by LilaacStars
Summary
"You are not the kind of boy, who should be marrying the wrong girl."
Notes
i'm still on the adrienette and taylor swift wagon!Speak Now- Taylor Swift. album: Speak Nownot related at all to the previous one!

          See the end of the work for more notes




speak now



I’m not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion


As she walked down the aisle she felt how every piece of her heart fell to the ground.

Marinette couldn’t believe this was happening. It had to be a thing of nightmares, she had to be dreaming, this couldn’t be real… but it was, and she knew it, no matter how badly she wished for it to be some kind of illusion, reality always came to hit her in the face.


Sacre Coeur

 had always been a beautiful place to Marinette. The basilica’s design was beautiful, and the view it had from outside was outstanding, she didn’t have many memories here, she was grateful for that because now 

Sacre Coeur

 had become in a painful place to think of.

She shouldn’t be there in the first place, but she couldn’t stay away, she had to see it with her eyes, she had to convince her brain that this was real. 

She had to get over it.

It was a late night, as quiet as a Parisian night could be, and while the sector had been closed and counted with security on the perimeter, that was no obstacle when you had superpowers. Marinette had easily sneak out under the nose of the guards and found herself inside the chapel.

As she walked down the corridor she couldn’t help but imagine herself in a white dress, a dress designed by her, the most beautiful and soft silk flowing around her skin, delicate details on top of her shoulders, a long but elegant back cleavage, and a veil designed not to cover up said cleavage. 

Her hair would be in a stylish braid bun with only a few pieces of hair loose to emphasize her face. She could see herself on it, she could see a different decoration too, more simple, and not inside a church, but on the outside, flowers all around, something more relaxed, that’s for sure. But the most important thing in her fantasy, the biggest dream, was the guy waiting for her at the end of the aisle.


But you are not the kind of boy | who should be marrying the wrong girl


The perfect guy, the guy she had loved for so long was standing there with elegance, wearing a black tux that made a contrast to her bone-white dress, a tux that made him look as refined as he was, a tux that made his features stand out and look as perfect as they were, not that he needed the help.

He had a beautiful complexion, more than beautiful, they were haunting. How such sharp angles were able to give the softest smiles and looks still remained a mystery. And his semblance wasn’t the only haunting thing about him.

Marinette couldn’t understand how magical this guy was. How did a guy overcome all the odds of being a sad, mean and angry human being? How the same guy became the sweetest, the funniest, the loveliest person in the world?

He was an enigma, and Marinette had always loved riddles, she was good at them, and even when she wasn’t, she enjoyed the journey and the questions it brought.

Adrien was Marinette’s favorite riddle. 

She could spend her life trying to figure him out. Across the years she had figured it out one piece, a little piece of the puzzle that he was, a piece that gave her answers as well as questions. Figuring out he was Chat Noir, her flirty, loyal and dedicated partner, had been a surprise, but also made so much sense, Marinette couldn’t believe she hadn’t figured it out sooner, she felt so dumb.

Life had changed after that, for good.

It had been awkward at first, after all, it was a lot to take in, but they had worked things out quickly, and their relationship grew stronger, they became the best friends they always wished they were, they started to share secrets and cover to escape from complicated situations, they became an essential part of each other’s life. 

They had so many memories together, but only one kept echoing inside Marinette’s mind as she looked at the white ribbons and roses. Those memories made Marinette’s fantasy end and her mind rewind to a real piece of life she had lived.

It had been late at night, a thunderstorm was taking over Paris. The thunders were lighting up the City of Lights twice as bright as it really was, the rain was dropping on the pavement, creating puddles and running down the streets, the rain was a dark mirror on the floor reflecting tourist smiles, locals dreams and neon signs on top of the attractions of the lovely French capital.

There was no sign of trouble but from her balcony, she saw a dark spot running on the rooftops.

She smiled at it and rolled her eyes. 

With how wet the rooftops were it wouldn’t be a surprise if he swept, and she was not going to miss a chance to tease him. 

She transformed and followed him, jumping from rooftop to rooftop with the help of her yo-yo.

It didn’t take her long to catch up with her partner, she had been excited the first second she was close, ready to jump in and scare him so she could laugh at him for jumping startled, but soon enough she realized Chat Noir wasn’t having a good night.

She didn’t have cat senses as he did, but she didn’t need them to smell him because he was reeking of liquor.

“

Adrien!

” She never called him by his name when they were in costume, it was too dangerous, it was true that Papillon had been defeated but they still had secret identities to protect, it was Superhero 101 knowledge. 

But extreme situations deserved extreme measures. Measures that paid off, Chat Noir stopped running and turned to her, the sudden movement made him slipper, his feet left the ground and he hit the roof with his body.

Marinette wasn’t in the mood to laugh or tease him anymore, something serious was happening. She knelt to his side and give him a tender smile when she found herself in her camp of vision.

“What are you doing, silly kitty?” She asked as she petted him, running her fingers through his hair.

“Enjoying the view,” He smirked “Beautiful view, sad you can’t see it, sometimes I feel sorry for you, you can’t see how beautiful you are, while I’m lucky to do so… you are so, so pretty, people come to visit Paris and miss the most beautiful masterpiece, and here I am, looking right at you… a turn to my bad luck, I guess,”

“You are drunk,” Marinette said, trying to hide the emotions he had light up with his words.

“

Very

,” He nodded “Something that has no correlation with my words, the alcohol only gives me the power to say things that are already in my head, out loud, like have I already told you how much I missed you? I missed you badly, Buginette, I’m never leaving Paris again, two days without seeing you turned me into a madman,”

“I missed you too, but I didn’t miss your no-sense, and since you are drunk that’s the only part of you I’m getting to see. You have to go home, and sober up,”

“What’s the fun in that?”

“What’s the fun about being drunk?”

“You don’t feel anything,”

“Not true,”

“Yeah, it’s not true, but it feels different. Dreaming that your heart belongs to me is easier than when I’m being rational,”

“What?” Marinette asked perplex.

 “I’m in love with you,” Chat said in the middle of a giggle, leaning closer to Marinette.

“You are in love with… me?” She blinked fast.

“So madly in love with you,” He turned himself to the side, this allowed him to embrace her in a  thigh hug and kiss her cheek in a soft touch “Since I was fourteen years old, since it was a teenage crush… and then it developed into more, and I thought I couldn't love you more than I did and one day you reveal your identity and I know I was wrong, there’s no limit for love when it comes to you, because I find myself loving you more than I already did, and it feels wonderful. But I don’t want to bother you with my feelings, we both agreed to stay friends, I was too scared to confess my love on that moment and then the moment never came. And then I started dating Chloé,” He laughed again, a struck of pain hit them both, “It’s a good image for the company, it’s good for business, I repeat that to myself, the business needs help, once that my father left everything to find my mother I'm in charge, and this is the only way I have to keep his legacy… and I can’t have you while I’m with Chloé, but I also don’t have feelings for her so I keep loving you…

“Adrien…” 

I love you too.


“I’m marrying her, princess,” He sighs, saying it before she can make her declaration “It’s the only way to help my father, is the only way to save the business, if that business dies my father is going to blame me for the rest of life, he is going to hate me, and the only way is to marry Chloé and get money. I feel so awful, I feel so dirty… but it’s the only way, and I can’t disappoint him, not with this… I’m always disappointing him, I’m never what he wants me to be, I never do what he wants me to do, I’m failure after failure on his eyes, and I wish I wasn’t, I just wish he loved me unconditionally, but that’s not the case and I have to do things like that to be the son he wants, and I need to do them, at the end is not for him, is for me, I need to do these things,”

How was Marinette supposed to say something after that? She knew how much his father acceptance meant to him, he had said it right there.

“But… if you… if you by any chance love me back… then forget everything, I’ll run with you wherever you want me too,”

Marinette’s heart burst in a firework show, a firework show that lasted as long as the sound of one. Reality hit her again.


His father means the world to him

. 

Can she take away that? She’s only a girl, he can fall in love with anyone he wants to, he can stop loving her at any moment of his life, but his father? His father is a constant, and Marinette could not break that. 

“I’m sorry, Adrien… I don’t love you like that,” At the moment she said it, she knew that was the biggest lie that has come and would ever come out of her mouth. 

It burned in her tongue, like tasting a shot of strong liquor, it starts with a bad taste and then spreads like a wildfire down your throat.

Adrien’s eyes opened wide but they did not look for her, in fact, his green-tinted eyes were avoiding her, mostly because the forest inside of them was flooding with pain.

Marinette reached for his hand but he dodged her. He hugged himself, trying to put the pieces back together.

“Adrien…” She said her name in a low tone. 

At that moment he became crystal and any strong noise could break him down.

“I need my time… I need space,” He whispered.

“I understand,” Marinette nodded, hurting with him. 

Of course, she understood, she needed that time too, she needed to get used to the idea that she had lost him forever, that he will never be hers.

The memory ended there, but the pain remained. Not only because of the sadness of the old situation but the torment of the one she was living.

Marinette and Adrien had spaced out, it didn’t only reflect in their civilian lives, where everyone seemed curious for their “fight” status, no, it also had moved to the other part of them: Ladybug and Chat Noir weren’t a team anymore. Patrolling by themselves, fighting against crime alone, it had been only two times in the period of six months that they had teamed up once again, but those times had been exceptions.

Marinette had tried to reach for him a few times, but the truth was that she hadn’t tried enough. The last time they actually spoke, had been eight months ago. 

They barely had seen each other outside of the masks, and when they had crossed paths as Adrien and Marinette, they had only shared an aching miserable look and followed their path without attempting to speak to one and other. 

She should have tried harder, it was too late now.

Marinette gave a final round to the chapel and she left with her heart aching.


I sneak in and see your friends | and her snotty little family all dressed in pastel



And she is yelling at a bridesmaid | somewhere back inside a room



Wearing a gown shaped like a pastry


Marinette shouldn’t be there, not again. That’s what Tikki kept saying every time she was able to go out of the little bag Marinette was carrying. And Tikki was right, but Marinette couldn’t help herself so there she was.

Sneaking out ended up being harder than it had been last night, now there were real people inside the church, talking and waiting for the couple to appear. There were also cameras and journalist.

Marinette rolled her eyes. 

Of course, Chloé wanted everyone watching her wedding, pretending she was from royalty or some sort of celebrity. Truth must be told people were going to watch it, but not because of her.

A shout around the corner made Marinette stay still, her body pressed against a cold wall. 

Since the church itself was filled with people, Marinette sneaked out on the hallways around it, where no one could see her, but where she would be able to see everyone, it was a good plan till Marinette realized those hallways and rooms were being used by Chloé, her family and her bridesmaids. 

Now she was trying to get the hell out of there.

A few people had passed by her, not saying a word which was good, no one had recognized her, they only thought she was another guest to the event. After all, she was wearing a dress.

She had thought about the possibility of getting caught, and the chances were less if she wore adequate clothes for the situation.

The dress was short, over the shoulder and made of chiffon so it flowed from her waist to the top of her knees. The arctic blue color made her skin glow and made her dark hair look from a deeper shade of black, the white bow that was holding the ponytail also helped with that. For a final touch, she was wearing white flats, she would usually go for kitty heels, but in case she had to run, she chose the ballerina shoes.

“That’s not how it’s supposed to look!” Marinette could recognize that angry scream anywhere.

Chloé had gotten better with time, she was even bearable, but deep down in her core, she was still the same Chloé that made Marinette’s life miserable year after year.

Marinette took a step forward towards the direction her voice was coming from. 

“Marinette, no,” Tikki said from her bag, she was frowning.

“Hide,” Marinette answered, it was the sweetest way she had to shut her up.

Marinette made her way down the hallway, looking at both sides of it at every step until she reached the door and opened it. 

Marinette couldn’t understand why she was surprised by looking at Chloé in a wedding dress. Chloé would never know but she had been part of the designing team for her dress. Marinette didn’t know at the moment that it was 

her

 dress, Chloé hadn’t requested anything special, she just asked for something big, expensive and elegant. Or that’s how her coworkers at 

De Villiers 

had described it.

The dress wasn’t one of Marinette’s favorite creations, she never felt the magic, the butterflies in her stomach, that she always felt when she designed something she really liked. Designing wedding dresses was another phase for Marinette, one that she really enjoyed, but that dress didn’t bring her happiness at the moment she finished. It wasn’t the only design, but now by looking at Chloé wearing it, it was becoming her most hated one.

She did like the bridesmaids dresses, maybe not her color of choice, the pastel tone of yellow didn’t flatter any of the girls wearing them, hey but it was Chloé, she probably had done that on purpose.

Chloé was screaming as she walked in her wedding gown, her bridesmaids were following her and trying to calm her down. Marinette knew nothing was going to calm angry Chloé at that moment.

Marinette didn’t want to see more of Chloé, she turned around and made her way down the hallway, turning to the left and stopping midway. 


This is surely not what you thought it would be | I lose myself in a daydream

 
Adrien was there, looking at the floor as he furrowed his eyebrows. 

A knot formed inside of Marinette’s stomach just by looking at him. 

For a moment she was scared that he could have seen her, but when he looked up she realized that his sight is in a death point, and not in her direction.

He is wearing a white tux with a gold tie, and while model Adrien Agreste can make any piece of clothing look good, white is definitely 

not

 his color.

Maybe that was just Marinette’s brain playing with her. After years of picturing him marrying her in a black tuxedo with little touches of silver, she can’t imagine him getting married in other colors, as unconventional the all-black tuxedo could be for a wedding, Marinette couldn't see anything but that as the perfect choice. 

Black should be the color on him.

Also, he should be wearing a smile.

A smile was always the most expensive thing he wore. His real smile was a sparkly diamond that only the luckiest could see. He made such a simple gesture the most luxurious thing on him.

Marinette always felt the richest person in the world, she owned so many of those smiles, more than anyone could ever have.

She missed those smiles. She missed him.

So she looked from afar.

The pain had been spreading on her heart for months, a little more of suffering wasn’t going to change a thing.

He walked in circles in short space, his shoes made a sound that after a while had its own rhythm, his hands were in the pockets of his pants, and even from where Marinette was standing, she could see he was whirling his fingers around his thumb, he always did it when he was nervous. 

Marinette wished she was in front of him, then she could take his skinny hand between hers and rub her thumb, calm him down, maybe even leave a kiss on his knuckles as she had done many, many times. But she couldn’t, and that sucked.  

“Adrien, you are doing it again,” Nin appeared at one of the doors, and walked to his best friend.

“I’m sorry, I’m not doing it consciously,” The blonde answered in between a gasp. He squinted his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose “It’s a lot to take in,”

“You are still on time to run the hell out from here, you know? You just say the words and we run,”

“Isn’t your job the exact opposite? You are my best man, you are supposed to support me,” Adrien covered his face with his hands and brush his hair out of his forehead.

“I’m supporting you… I’m trying to help you here, an engagement is supposed to happen because two people love each other, a wedding is supposed to be a happy moment,” Nino sighed “You are supposed to be feeling the luckiest man on earth, but since you got into this mess I haven’t seen a real smile from you. This is not how things are supposed to be, Adrien”

“You don’t get it,” Adrien shook his head to the sides. He turned at the opposite direction of Nino, placing his hands against the wall and then pressing his forehead. “It’s the only way,”

“There’s always another way”

“Not for this. My father---

“Your old man can be a cold-hearted statue, yeah, I know, but I also know that he would never want you to marry just for business,"

“You still don’t know my father,”

“Adrien, I’m being serious here, he doesn’t look that thrilled,”

“Because that’s him. There’s nothing left to do, and I got nothing to lose,”

Nino gave a sigh of despair and frustration. 

“Then it’s time to go, she will walk down the aisle in a few minutes,”

And as the two friends left the hallway, so did Marinette, still hiding in the shadows that the church provided.


Fond gestures are exchanged | and the organ starts to play



A song that sounds like a death march | and I’m hiding in the curtains



It seems like I was uninvited by your lovely bride-to-be


Marinette almost made her way out of the church without being recognized. 

Almost.


But in her defense, it was Alya.

“You are here,” Alya said taking her by her shoulders.

“Hi,” Marinette whispered, trying to cover how frightened she had actually felt by her sudden apparition. 

“What are you doing here? Marinette, what are you doing to yourself?” She asked.

Marinette tried to come with an excuse, one that could be good enough for Alya to believe but said excuse didn’t exist, Alya had a radar for lies.

“Marine—

The sounds of the bridal march played in the melodic harmony of an organ and made the both of them stop looking at each other and turn to the door behind them, doors that were slowly opening.

Alya took Marinette by her wrist and pulled her to the last seat. If they were lucky Chloé wouldn’t look in their direction and Marinette would be safe. Alya had been invited, Marinette was probably on the forbidden list. 

The music kept playing and the doors were finally completely open.

People in their seats were standing up and turning around to look at the bride, but Marinette’s eyes weren’t on her, she was trying to look in between the thousands of faces, to find one at the altar, but it was useless.


She floats down the aisle like a pageant queen | But I know you wish it was me



Don’t you?


There was Chloé in all her snobby self.

She was smiling, you could see it since she wasn’t wearing a veil. Her father was smiling at her, Marinette couldn’t deny that it was sweet.

But the situation made Marinette’s heartache. 

There it was, reality had finally hit her and it hurt, it hurt more than any pain she had ever felt before. Getting hit by akumas for years hadn’t prepared her for such sorrow.

Marinette’s hands were in fists, she was biting her lip and her eyes were closed, she was trying to keep it together.

“You shouldn’t be here, you are a masochist, Marinette,” Alya whispered.

“I have to, is the only way. I have to get over it,”

“You shouldn’t have to get over it,” Alya said, and those were the last words they spoke for a long time.

The ceremony didn’t have any difference to others Marinette had seen, maybe the cameras and the lack of intimacy, but those were things that surely only Marinette had noticed.

She didn’t realize how long had it been until Alya elbowed her.

“You could do something,” Alya whispered between her teeth “Save him and 

you

 from the hell you two are living,”

“What are you talking about?” Marinette said surprised.

“You love him and he loves you, don’t tell me you don’t know that,”

“I know,” She nodded “Well, I knew… a lot can happen in eight months, probably he doesn’t anymore, we haven’t been in contact,”

“He loves you, Marinette, and he misses you and he can’t stop thinking about you,” Alya said “I know your reasons, you have told them a million times but believe me, they are not worth the pain you two are going through,”

“His father means everything to him,”

“

You

 mean everything to him. He needs unconditional love, and you love him like that. I know Adrien, he won’t think twice if you tell him you love him, his father’s acceptance is not what he needs, you can make him see that. Tell him you love him and save him from this dreadful situation,”

“It’s too late, Alya,”

“No, it’s not, you are still on time,”

“What if you are wrong? What if I make a fool of myself?”

“Does it matter if you save Adrien of an unhappy marriage?” Alya raised a brow.

“No,” Marinette said, only when she said it out loud she realized how much she meant it.

“Then, there comes your moment,” Alya pointed at the altar.

“Should anyone here present know of any reason that this couple should not be joined in holy matrimony, speak now or forever 

hold your peace

”

Marinette’s heart stopped.


I hear the preacher say “Speak now or forever hold your peace”



There’s the silence | there’s my last change



I stand up with shaky hands | all eyes on me


Alya took Marinette’s hand and give it a pat and then an encouraging smile.

Marinette took a deep breath and all her courage, reminding herself that this was Adrien, the love of her life, the guy who was about to make a terrible mistake, it didn’t matter if he loved her or not, this was about his happiness, she had to save him from this freak show.

She gave one last look at Alya, and she knew she could do this.

Marinette jumped out of the bench and walked to the middle of the corridor, no one seemed to pay attention to her, they were busy trying to look good for the cameras, watching the couple in front of them.

Marinette didn’t expect that, now how was Adrien going to turn to see her, why didn’t this work as in the movies? Now she had to really speak to catch everyone’s attention.

She could do it, she was Ladybug, she fights against criminals every day, this is easy compared to that, right?

No, it’s not and it has never been, she has never been courageous enough to tell Adrien she loves him. But she has to, maybe this way she can put sense in that brain of his.

But…what about Chloé?

Yeah, she doesn’t like the girl, she is mean and she is marrying the love of her life but she is a person. Chloé is in love with Adrien -or her version of being in love- and this was her wedding, a wedding that was being broadcasted for all the world to see. Can she embarrass her like this? She could, she has all the reasons to… but Adrien would never because Adrien is not in love with her but he cares about her, he cares deeply and considers her his friend. 

Marinette can’t ruin that.


I can’t do this, it’s too late.


Marinette puts her hands on fists and gasps. How stupid of her to think this was going to be like a movie, how stupid of her to think she could do something like this.

“Hey! What are you doing?!” The loud scream covered the words of the preacher who was about to continue the wedding speech. 

And that scream was what puts Marinette in the spotlight.

Marinette knew that voice perfectly, right now she isn’t sure if to thank her or to hit her for what she has done. Alya was smirking from her seat.

“What is she doing here?!” Chloé shouted. She pointed at her with her bouquet of white roses, making petals drop to the ground “Security!”

Marinette saw how two guards were walking down in her direction, the cameras were all turning to her, people were gasping as they look at her, the whispers started, all the words seemed to be judgmental but Marinette swore that she could listen a few people rooting for her, a few sighs of relief were echoing in the walls of the chapel too.

She stayed there, still unsure of what to do. 

Her eyes looked at every corner of the decorated church, she started to recognize people, she tried to overlook the cameras around her, and her sight kept running through the place till they fell in green tender eyes.


Horrified looks from everyone in the room | but I’m only looking at you


What was she supposed to say? What was she supposed to do?

Adrien was looking at her, his mouth hung open and he seemed to have lost the ability to move.

Marinette couldn’t judge him, she lost the ability to talk. 

But it was because there were so many things to say. How could she tell him everything she felt when two guards were coming to get her? When she was in front of a thousand guests she did not know, and she did not want them listening to her deepest feelings.

What could she say? How could she say it?

Where could she start?

Maybe from day one, from the day he showed her his kindness, how gentle and real he was when he lent her the umbrella and they shared a cute moment. 

The day she fell for him.

Maybe that was too cheesy, maybe she was just a child then and her feelings wouldn’t be understood.

She could tell him about the confusion she had between him and Chat Noir, how she was frying her brain trying to decide who she loved, only to discover weeks later than they were one and the same.

No, she couldn’t say that they had public.


She didn’t know how to do this.


How did people simplify love into words? Love was so big, so bold, so full of energy that she couldn’t describe him. If she could only make him feel what she felt when she looked at him, if she could show him that his happiness was hers, if she could only put all those things into words, but she couldn’t, especially not now with so many people.

She should have told her feelings the moment the opportunity raised, now she was stuck.

Why did she have to lie? She hated lies and she had told him the biggest lie of her life.

Wait.

When the guards were in front of her, Marinette dodged them, her Ladybug skills didn’t go anywhere when she was out of the costume.

“Adrien,” Finally her voice came out of her lips, and the sound of his name made Adrien take a step to the front “That night, on the roof… 

I lied,

”


I’m not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion



But you are not the kind of boy | who should be marrying the wrong girl



So don’t say “yes” runaway now | I’ll meet you when you’re out



of the church at the back door | Don’t wait or say a single vow



You need to hear me out | and they say “speak now”

 
“I hope is not too late,” She said at last.

“Take her out of here!” Chloé shouted one more time.

Marinette gave one last look at Adrien before letting security take her out, and him smiling.

Adrien was smiling so bright, almost as he was about to laugh. Anyone could think he was laughing at her, or maybe that it was some kind of coping mechanism, but Marinette knows that smile way too well, and her heart burst into flames once she saw it.


It’s not too late.


Marinette did not know how Adrien was going to fix the mess she created, but she knew he had a plan, after all, they were a team, they would always have each other’s back.

Giving one last smile to him, she made her way out of the basilica with two security guards behind her.

Outside there were more cameras and reporters, the flashes and the press try to reach her out for questions, none of them seems to be aware of what had just happened, but they are curious about why she had been taken outside by security.

That gave Marinette a hard time avoiding them, but she finally made her way out.

Marinette ran down the street to the stairs, running down as fast as she could until she reached the end, were the gazer and the carousel was.

She ended up sitting in the carousel since there was no one around, an odd thing in the place, she thought it was a nice place to sit and cry.

“Oh, Marinette,” Tikki said coming out of her purse. “I’m sorry,”

“Don’t be, Tikki” Marinette smiled between the tears “I’m happy, you didn’t see him but he was smiling, he was smiling at me!”

“But I don’t understand! He didn’t stop the guards!”

“I’m quite sure he is doing damage control, right now,” Marinette giggled.

“Are you sure, Marinette? I don’t want you to get your hopes up just because he smiled,”

“

I know him, 

Tikki, you do too, trust me on this one, okay?”

“Okay,”

Marinette and Tikki waited for a few minutes, the only sound around them was the water dropping on the fountain on their sides; that changed when the sound of wheels on pavement, screams of reporters and steps took over the hill.

At the same moment, Marinette’s phone rang. Tikki took it out of the bag and they both read the message that the screen showed.

“Trocadéro in ten minutes,” They said at the unison.

“Are you ready?” Tikki asked.

“As ready as I can be,” She sighed “Tikki, you know what to do!”

Marinette made it to Trocadéro in record time, she sat on the top of the building, her legs hanging and there she waited.

She didn’t know how things were going to play out but she had a good feeling about it. They had to get over worst things before.

Marinette closed her eyes and enjoyed the evening breeze, she did her best to ignore the whispers of the tourist pointing at her, she was used to it and while sometimes she took her time to take pictures and have a word with them, today wasn’t the day to do something like that.

The sound of foot hitting the ground make her turn around.

“Good evening, my lady,” Adrien was there in his Chat Noir suit, using his staff as support and leaning into him.

“Long time no see, Chat Noir,” She answered, standing up and walking in his direction.

“Been busy, planning my funeral and stuff,” He whispered as he took one step closer to her.

“Funeral, uh?” Marinette couldn’t help but giggle,

“Yeah, but don’t worry, it’s been canceled,” He assured her “A dramatic, Oscar-worthy, situation happened. Seriously, I was so shocked that I couldn’t react at first, it was like being in a movie,”

“A movie,” Marinette laughed, she thought the same “And how does that movie end?”

“I don’t know… maybe you could help me out with that,” Adrien pressed his forehead against hers, keeping his eyes open to look at hers.

“Maybe… so what happened?”

“Well, so the handsome protagonist of the movie is about to get married, but as usual, the love of his life appears at the wedding, she stands in the middle of the aisle in absolute silence, she is just looking at him with those big blue sapphires she has for eyes, and the world completely stops for him, he can only see her, but he still wonders if is all inside his mind, if it’s a trick of his imagination. The bride is hysteric, and she has the right to be, yet our protagonist can’t focus on her because the girl opens her mouth and talks… she says she lied to him,”

“Interesting,” Marinette pursed her lips.

“

Very,

” Chat nods “It takes him a second but he understands what she is talking about, and the grey sky turns blue once again. His lady loves him back… now he doesn’t understand why she lied, but who cares? Not him. And then faster than he can realize, she is out and his fiancé is trying to keep going with the ceremony, but he can’t do it anymore, he never wanted to but now is impossible to do it. So, he takes all the courage he has and gets ready to face the consequences his actions are about to provoke, but it doesn’t matter, not if after that he is going to see her, and she will finally explain him… 

why did she lie?

”

They both smile at each other.

The moment is ridiculous. 

Marinette couldn’t stop thinking how ridiculous it was. Wasn’t it supposed to be devastating and dramatic? And maybe rain should be falling and they should be looking at each other with pained eyes. Wasn’t that how it worked in romantic movies? But no, they were smirking and raising brows, and flirting, not as much as they were used to, but there was a little hint. Yet Marinette thought it was perfect, it was them, and that was enough to make it romantic.

“Does it matter now?” Ladybug asked.

“Yes, it does,”

“Can we stop talking in third-person?” Adrien laughed at that.

“Yes, we can,” Her hands cupped his cheeks.

“I lied that night because I… I was scared that I could take away from you something you wanted so much, something it meant the world to you, I just couldn’t do it, so I lied. I told you the worst lie I have told in my entire life and as consequence, I hurt us both. I love you, Adrien Agreste. I have loved you for so long… it wasn't love-at-first-sight, you know that, but I fell for you quickly. When you showed me who you really were inside, I couldn’t help but love you, and as the years passed you only showed me more reasons for my heart to choose you. It’s true that there was a moment that my heart started a war, I thought that my love for Adrien had drifted and that my heart had landed in a new land, but at the end, it was always you. My heart chooses you even when it doesn’t know is you,” She giggled at the final statement.

“That’s something we have in common,” He smiled at her.

“And these months had been an eternal sorrow. Missing you has been terrible, I didn’t only lose the guy I loved, I lost my best friend, and that hurt, but made me realize that one of the reasons why I love you so much is that. Being your best friend is what makes me love you the most, I love to help you out, I love to give you advice and I love when you do the same. I love to tease you and joke around, I enjoy so much laughing at you and play pranks on you, I love that it’s not the romantic relationship portrayed in movies, I love that we can still be silly and not take things seriously, I love that my love for you is based on friendship, even if it wasn’t like that in the early stages of it, I love that it is like that now, and I wouldn’t change a thing about it. I love you, all of you, and I love who I am when I’m with you. I love you, I love you so much that I gave up my happiness for yours, and well, I know it was a mistake, but I want you to understand how much you mean to me—

“Marinette,” He interrupted and leans closer, his lips softly brushed against hers “I know because that’s how much you mean to me,”

And he kissed her.

Marinette had imagined their first kiss, their 

real

 first kiss, so many times that she can’t count them, but none of them she saw herself in this situation. But it doesn’t matter, because it’s perfect as it is. 

She can feel tears falling, she isn’t sure if they belong to her or to Adrien, maybe both of them are crying, she wouldn’t be surprised. Behind the tears, there’s so much passion, so many feelings, ten years of 

what-ifs,

 ten years of thinking this moment would never come, ten years of loving each other, and it finally paid off.

That night, when every news channel is talking about the failure of the wedding, as many people are talking bad about Adrien Agreste and are calling Marinette by horrible names, when whole Paris is talking about the amateur pictures taken of Chat Noir and Ladybug kissing, when Adrien’s phone is getting spammed by texts, emails, and calls, that same night, Marinette and Adrien are out of their masks, out of wedding dress and tuxedo and out of the real world.

As if the suffering they went through had never happened. They started talking about the future and made plans to get out of the city as soon as they can, let the fire of the situation appease and handle things later.

“Do you think we will ever be able to come back?” Adrien laughed, as he played with strains of her hair.

“One day they’ll have to get over it, right?”

“I don’t know, maybe you will be marked as “the girl who crashed Adrien Agreste’s wedding” for the rest of your life,”

“Ugh, please no,”

“I like that name for you,” Adrien teased her and she rolled her eyes, slapping his shoulder “Not joking around, thank you for crashing my wedding, princess”

“Anytime, 

chaton,

”

“I love you,” He kissed her cheek.

“I love you too,” She kissed his chest.

“Say it again,”

“How many more times are you gonna ask me to?”

“Till I get tired of hearing it,”

“Will that time ever come?”

“Not ever,”

“Dork.”

“Your dork,”

“Yes, my dork,”

Finally, after ten years of loving him, he was hers, and she was his, and the world was perfect. It hadn't been too late.


And you say let’s run away now | I’ll meet you when I’m out of my tux at the back door



Baby, I didn’t say my vows | so glad you were around when they said



“Speak now”







Afterword


End Notes
hope you enjoyed!The ending was a pain to write I'm sorry if it looks forced or too fast :)find me on tumblr: buginettte.tumblr.com


Please drop by the archive and comment to let the author know if you enjoyed their work!



